Thanks for watching guys. You guys can get a great deal on Displate by using my link https://www.displate.com/slowstart or my discount code SLOWSTART to get up to 33% OFF until December 24th, 2023. I'm a previous customer of Displate and I couldn't recommend them more.
Perfect type of video to watch on my lunch break. 10/10 video, thank you for the rec youtube
17:30 if you chew gum like this you're an actual animal. I do chew gum and game on discord all the time but its not a problem because i dont do it with my mouth open and loudly exaggerate the noise in the mic. I chew gum so much and I chew it while doing literally anything.
wowee this video made me wanna chew some gum! ... ... i'm chewing trident tropical twist
Mmmmm I think you missed the rebranding message. I think it was supposed to play on stress relief. Gum is supposedly an anxiety reducer, sort of like a fidget spinner.
10/10 That how it feels line at the end. Perfect.
Why does a third of all youtubers look like this guy
DARPA
That was the nastiest gum brand
okay but their midnight gum was actually the best "cold" peppermint gum
They should have marketed to the rave community instead lol
The commercial made it feel like you're eating axe deodorant.
It was actually the BBDO ad agency that created that campaign. My ex was a video editor and worked on a few of those commercials back in 2008–2010
I remember I preferred the taste of Trident gum but always got 5 so I'd seem "cool" lol.  It is so weird looking back in my thirties at the things I liked and did as a teenager and being like "literally what in the everloving FUCK made you think that!?"  Why did I, a 14 year old self-proclaimed communist care so much about his brand of gum?
12:55 Make not war love!
Ah, the heyday of comically oversized skate shoes and Obey shirts... Being a tween mostly just blew, but it wasn't *all* bad.
Seeing this vid made me realize that I haven't seen 5gum in stores for.. maybe 5 or 6 years? Never seen anything but the awesome first ads either.(Maybe they were never published/translated to the international market?)  Dude, I love chewing gum while gaming. Being afraid of voice chat helps a lot
Omg a marketing reel about your own marketing LOL
I actually have 2 pks of Respawn gum at my computer desk right now
So uhhhhh. We gonna talk about how this guy looks like Pedro in the new Fantastic 4 movie?
5 was my go to gum in junior high all the way to my graduation, i became the “gum dealer” id bring gum to school every single day handing it out or trading it for favors. 5 was surprisingly popular. especially when the truth or dare came out it was pretty funny for teens
Five gums whole shtick is early 2000s
5 gum had some good mint flavors used em in high school a lot
do me a favour and never chew into the mic for any reason ever again.
I actually get nostalgic seeing the 5 "Flare" packaging, my dad always had some in his center console when I was a kid
Why am I watching this? How did I get here? Jesus take the wheel
The second set of ads just feels hollow, in the sense that the gum doesn't really convey anything -- it just sort of happens to be there. Like it's just as meaningful as some prop in the background. Crazy how they fumbled so hard.
I chew gum quite often when on Discord, never been a problem. Close your mouth dude 😂
I don’t think chewing gum with a headset is a big deal or that chewing gum while gaming is absurd. The rest of the video is great, but this seems contrived.
10:20 man teen me loved the truth or dare stuff. I thought it was so edgy 😂
Lol I think I was like the target age when that dropped and I never wanted one lol
damn i lowkey got weaponized by a brand dissection video of 5 gum. liked and subbed
How it chews to feel 5 Gum. Gum. 5 your stimulate.
I lost your account for a while. Thinking maybe you stopped posting but YouTube just stopped showing me your new videos
Pedro Pascal jumpscare
The marketing to gamers isnt the fumble you portray imo. The b vitamin and caffine from the green tea extract both can help with focus and the act of chewing gum also helps with focus (its often recommended with test taking). And you can absolutly chew gum quitely id even argue that chewing it quietly is the norm and you just played it up for the video.
oh my god, bravo that ending was perfect
Watching a video on gum was not on my bingo card.. yet here I am
Genuinely took me just 3 seconds to say stop
Yeah cool video but you didn't need to live demo that people don't like the sound of chewing, ruined the entire experience have a good day
5 gum def has or had the best flavor
This surprisingly one of the best YouTube videos I've seen in a while - for months now it feels like no video is original or interesting - they all feel the same, but annoyingly predictable but this was a great video
It felt like 5 gum was try to compete with Orbit. But they’re both wrigleys lol
My senses are stimulating with this one
Thanks for reminding me just how much of my childhood was spent watching advertisements for gum and breath mints.
17:40 wuht😂
The proof @17:15 had me LAUGHING hysterically at work lmaoooo
Ew
You’re the guy from the new fantastic 4 movies?
Just further proof that advertising executives are THE most insane, coked-out, desperately pitiful trend chasers that have ever roamed the Earth.  There’s a reason their salaries are so high…they sell their souls to the devil at least once every financial quarter.
Gamer soap: the bottle's empty.
so insane they haven’t just GONE BACK to what worked lmao
I live in argentina and even i knew about "how it feels to chew five gum", hell its an internet running  joke at this point.
you look like a less anxious version of pedro pascal
These ads were so cringe at the time.
The final nail in the coffin was the: “If you don’t buy 5 gum, Jesus will kill a puppy.” campaign. Their testing was slightly off for that one.
I wish they didnt get rid of the green apple 5 gum
If you chew gum like 17:38, we are no longer on speaking terms
"Axe body spray of gum" well said 😂
When I saw the old commercials I wanted to go out and buy some gum. However then I watched the rest of the vid, seen the other commercials, and decided nope I’m good. I don’t want the gum anymore. The original commercials made you feel a way.
I feel like most people I know chew gum to freshen their breath. After the gum has lost its flavor, now you need to dispose of it. You don't have to worry about that with breath mints. Add to that, some places don't allow gum, because people are disgusting and spit their gum out on the ground and now you have a mess. They should probably follow some of the Japanese brands and include the small pieces of paper for you to dispose of the gum if there aren't any trash cans around. I've been buying a gum called Black-Black and it includes what looks like a tiny pad of post-its notes for you to spit the gum into.
All it takes is one executive having a horrible idea that they're convinced is a good one lol
I remember the truth or dare gum from when I was in high school, but I had no idea it was part of a desperate attempt to rebrand and save the company because I hadn’t seen a 5 Gum commercial on tv or online in years by that point. But at that same point in my life, my friends and I were still referencing the “how it feels to chew 5 Gum” commercials!
Gum sales have declined because teeth have declined in America since they started adding flouride to water. The additive they put in the water literally eats through concrete and glass when it's pure so I'm sure it's fine for your teeth. Fun fact: the first people to add it to water were the Nazis and soviet's in concentration camps and gulags.  They said it lowered intelligence and made people more docile.
Do they even make 5 gum anymore?
5 gum does what nintendont
Huh, didnt realize Pedro Pascal had a kid.
The fake discord call was cringe ngl
i remember the old Juicy Fruit commercials, like the one you showed in the video, it was all hot babes and hot dudes, and bewbs everywhere.. that’s how you advertise 😂
5:49 it is interesting there is absolutely a before 5 and after 5 split in my memory around my freshman year in high-school where gum was something a person might have here or there, to even today everyone seems to have a pack on hand at all times.
I've chewed gum in a discord call for years, nobody has ever heard me chew...because while chewing I keep my mouth closed. Like you're supposed to when you chew anything. You can also...stop chewing, to talk.  Not sure why that section of your video made me agitated enough to make a comment, but still.
Interesting video until the end where you are trying your best to make the loudest chewing/smacking noises you can directly into the mic like thats what anyone would hear ever
This is so weird. I was in highschool when this came out. Cobalt was the perfect peppermint flavour and i liked the soft sticks.  I dont remember any of the advertising. I have exclusively bought this gum for almost 20 years. I am ancient
Good video, disliked and stopped watching for chewing thing. 🖕🫵
I chew 5 gum while i work because it's a stress reliever. I consider it,  a fidget toy for your mouth. Oh and i like having minty breath.
it gave us good memes, at least.
The early advertising sorta worked, I bought a single pack to try it out.
The original Lush flavor of 5 gum was so gooc
Five was great until you realized it ran out of flavor in 15 minutes
I feel like the fall off of gum is because people started drinking a lot more water throughout the day. You can’t sip from a stanley cup every 5 minutes if you have a wad of gum in your mouth.
9:30 Kimi Antonelli what are u doing here
Pedro Pascal Jr.
misophonia girlies absolutely tweaking at 17:30
the reason all the comments share the sentiment of only remembering/knowing about the original ad campaign can be explained simply. we all watched the same commercials on television in the 2000s and 2010s, meanwhile advertising has become extremely targeted on the internet in years since. it's no wonder any one company can't advertise to the demographic theyre seeking to, because of the abhorrent surplus of advertising that we're already being bombarded with. the best part about it is that they've created this beast that's destroying them. advertisers are like a snake eating themselves whole
Stfu.
17:33 to be fair if you chew gum like this you deserve to be thrown off a tall building
Aside from the ads it's good gum and I still buy it here and there. The sleek packaging is definitely neat too.
The bubble gum flavour was crazy good, wonder if it still exists.
Why is Pedro pascal telling me about 5 gum?
Oof I’d buy a pack a week walking to school 😂
5 gum was huge at my school  It was good
Going to concerts & music festivals made me realize how bad this gum is. After a couple hours of chewing, it disintegrates into flakey little pieces.
I used to hustle these at school for $2 a stick haha
Still not as effective as juicy fruit commercials
This video now needs a part 2 about how the entire katseye fandom now DESPISES 5gum
Tbh that type of marketing doesn’t work past the 2000s
This video acts like chewing gum is some ancient forgotten practice 😂.
How it chews to gum five feels. Gum gum. Sense your stimulate.
All they had to do was keep the bold branding and add caffeine,they hired the wrong marketing team and kept them for too long
As a kid the advertising absolutely made me buy a few packs over the years. Worked on me.
The good old days where you could just toss back a pack of swerve and have an overwhelming adrenaline packed experience
Discount Pedro pascal
16:50 Gamers use all kinds of crazy sh*t while gaming but gum is the weird thing?  I used to use nicotine vapes 24/7 especially while gaming, and I don't think I'm part of a small minority. Since I quit, I use gum for analog stimulation, and often while gaming today. Obviously Nicotine is severely addictive and it changes your brain chem forever, so gum doesn't necessarily replace nic, and the quitting method doesn't work for everyone. But it's a seriously, worlds-better alternative to what gamers are consuming otherwise.    My hot take is: not ENOUGH gamers chew gum.
I'm a big gum while gaming guy, mainly because it keeps me from snacking and it helps me focus, but it also doesn't make any sounds since it's quiet if you don't smack like some mongoloid
5 gum shoulda went in the direction of red bull and sponsored people doing crazy things
The most unrealistic part of this video is when you said “Gank top.” My brother in Christ I have not seen a gank in many years, 5 gum rebrand didn’t help
My main gum in actually 5 spearmint  Not cause of advertising, I’ve actually ignored all of that
Bro this is a lost memory in my brain. I can’t believe how popular this gum was when I was a kid and I haven’t thought about it in atleast 10+ years.
I liked the ads but I've literally never tasted five gum. Never wanted to, still don't really have the urge 🤷
5 gums in Australia we just don’t have the goofy flavour names it’s normal names like mint, blueberry, watermelon and now they even have grape
Holy shit you look like Pedro pascal 😂
All my friends and I to this day still hold up a pack of 5 over one eye when somebody’s taking a picture of us
They should just have stuck with their initial concept.
Why the fk is there an ad, before a vide with an ad? Pick one you sellout.
Was not expecting to see Pedro Pascal hosting😂
Chewing gum improves concentration and scientifically proven and highy less harmful than energy drinks.
I bought some five gum the other day and it was fine but I’ll never be 14 seeing those commercials and eating this gum in math class again so it just doesn’t hit like it used to.   Also the Extra big packs just give you more gum for your money, no reason to buy five gum tbh.
If they still want to relate to our generation, just have a balding middle-aged white dude with a beard struggle to buy groceries but notice that the gum is still affordable.
Yeah now I need chewing gum and I have to find it myself
Is this Pedro Pascal junior?
This video aitn worth 20 minutes.  I have no idea what the fuck He is going to yap about and I hate this culture of 20+ minute videos for a 30 second explanation.  They just changed their marketing and it wasn't comparable says my AI assistant.  You're welcome for 20 minutes of being able to watch somethign worth that
This video aitn worth 20 minutes.  I have no idea what the fuck He is going to yap about and I hate this culture of 20+ minute videos for a 30 second explanation.  They just changed their marketing and it wasn't comparable says my AI assistant.  You're welcome for 20 minutes of being able to watch somethign worth that
All that money spent on ads and I’m still a lint licker
Millennials taking over the work place ruined most companies 🤣
The only beverage companies that can target gamers without being a very bad image are Doritos, Mountain Dew, and most energy drinks. That's it. No one else.
This just popped up on my feed - weirdly, I rediscovered 5 gum a few months ago. I don’t chew gum often but I liked how soft it is but that I can also blow bubbles with it 😂 I’ve bought a couple packs since then, lol - I think it’s a pretty good product 😂
I find it weird that you say they targeted boys. I was in 5th grade when this shit came out and it was 100% a girls thing. All the boys saw the ads and were like thats fucking dumb its just gum. The girls LOVED it! They'd literally whisper the slogan " this is what it feels like" as they ate a piece.
When I first saw it at my local college book store I thought it was a start up co
Pretty common to chew gum while gaming. You're intentionally creating a bad faith argument by chewing as obnoxiously as you possibly can and also using an extremely low voice activation sensitivity on discord. No one chews gum like that, use push to talk.
I only got 5 gum for awhile
To sum up: Old 5 knew it was being absurd, and that self awareness shone through.  Late 5, no self awareness at all.  They really mean how absurd they are.
5 gum is the best
I thought this was condoms for men under 6”?!?!
how it chews to gum 5 feels
I was waiting the whole video for him to say the thing 😂
You look like Pedro Pascal
Whenever I see an ad that clearly has the target customer in it, I'm out. I think that's the difference. I'm sold when I see someone/something advertising the product. Those original ads distilled what makes effective marketing - the product. I'll never skydive onto a bed of heat fans. Ever. But I'll buy something that might give me that experience. Conversely, I couldn't possibly care less about people who look like me at a party, but holding _insert product._ Does that make me smarter than the consumer who falls for that? Yes. Yes it does.  Them pandering to gamers was the equivalent of pulling up the net they threw into the water back in 2007 after forgetting about it for 13 years.
Pedro pascal really is in everything!
Oh yeah, i haven't heard this brand name in a while.
Do you not know how to chew gum without being an arsehole?
Shame you didn't talk about the memes that were made because of the slogan  lol
@4:03 it literally says what it tastes like on the package... It was never really a mystery lol
You have a Chibi Pedro Pascal thing going on.
Dude, I'm watching a video about an ad, getting an ad segment; that's being interrupted by an ad
you talk about gum falling out of favor among the youth during the 2010s, but i was in middle to high school during that time, and gum was hardcore banned. you were not allowed to HAVE gum, let alone chew it, and gum was often shared under the desk/behind huddles of bodies/etc. you aint gonna get the goodie-two-shoes students to buy gum like that (i was one of said students). the "how it feels to chew 5 gum" came out while i was in elementary school (where gum was also banned), and i thought it was the coolest shit ever.  i will also say, gaming is when i chew the most gum lol... otherwise, i yawn nonstop or chew the shit out of my lips. when im focusing really hard, i can chew pretty loudly, but theres this magical discord feature called "push to talk" that ensures im not transmitting that. and of course, i stop chewing whenever i want to speak.
I think the problem is that the OG ads for the gum hit so hard that the marketing team ran out of ideas. I honestly thought 5 gum discontinued around 2014-2015 and yeah, I use to get their gum, I was 17 when it was introduced.
5 gum was PREMIUM currency at my school back in my day
My favorite gum is always the newest one on the market. The newest gum on the market always has the longest lasting flavor for about 3 months. Then it’s just like all the established brands that turn to tasting like paper pulp in 3min flat.
Stimulate your senses. How it feels to watch this video.
Man that 2018 ad of theirs got a strong early 2010 vibe with that music.
bro tries to show off his soft hands and has callouses lol
Bought some 5 gum out of nostalgia a few weeks ago… kinda slapped, didn’t buy it again
3:45 It makes you so wet you strum your own strings?
All know 5gum from is when apart of their commercial starts, and then someone is grievously injured
So we're just supposed to ignore the mustache? Okay. I keep watching multimillion views videos from this guy but he's still 250k subs 🤔
This brings back memories from my teens. And then you brought up Axe body spray, which awakens even more memories.  This is the gum I accidentally swallowed and has never been the same to me since.
They shouldve kept the old vibe. They literally own all the other gums for that shit. Also 2.50 for 12 sticks is an insane price. You can buy a pack of 30 for 1.50 to 1 of another brand
this being recommended to me after they made gum infused with a girl group's breath is so funny to me idk
I love how they kill their own product by discontinuing the really fruity “react flavor” making a react 2 with fruit and a mint version. Then discontinuing the second fruit version so all we have is the crappy watermelon and strawberry flavor if we want fruit, and like 10 different mint flavors. I miss react.
1:50 ay remember TaG ? TAG was better than AXE
Crazy part is if they just stuck with the original "stimulate your senses" style ads it would probably be the best selling gum ever
I think my biggest problem with gum is biting my tongue, if they can solve the self harm I induce while trying to consume their product, I think they would see a 1percent increase in their sales lol
Thought this was creepcast for a second
5 gum had such a grip on my middle school. 5 gum was the “right” gum to have
17:15 I do ...
I unsubscrbed because you added that part where you were chewing gum in my ear.  I won't put up with that nonsense
For a short period of time when they had that wild berry sorta flavor or whatever they had everything down perfectly. They probably could've kept on how they had been and would still be genuinely successful rather than the cold and soulless animated corpse that 5 has become. They had great ads, great aesthetic, unique and delicious flavors, great smell, and so on before they ruined every bit of it. Idk who the imbecile is that decided to go in a new and incredibly stupid direction, but they shouldn't be in charge of making any sort of even remotely important decisions. I'd still chew 5 if they hadn't gotten rid of literally every flavor that stood out. Now all that 5 stands for is what could have been, but that late stage capitalism ruined as it does.
7:45 is that Joe from SourceFed!?
I can't believe I lived through this time without ever trying it. I love chewing gum but I'm a creature of habit and always choose Wrigleys extra. 😂
tbh I never picked up on the concept that I was too female for gum my bad
I got one of their ads on Spotify and they seem to have gone back to the whole sci-fi sensory test campaign. Nature is healing.
5 cobalt best gum ever..!
Those OG commercials are ingrained in my head even after all these years.
17:40 what a genuinely bad take
17:29 Of course you can hear someone chewing when they chew like a F***ing cow.  Can’t really tell if that was intended as a joke or a straw-man argument, but it was just cringe.  Could have had a decent point with that too.    Unless gamers really do be chewing like that, then I’m sorry, my bad…
Respectfully, I never want to hear you chew gum again.
I had no idea 5 gum had a rebrand
Razer has partnered with ZZZ’s Vergil, Hoshibi Miyabi and Tailless.
5 chewing gum could never beat Trident chewing gum in my school
Cobalt was like crack to me and I haven't tasted it in years
17:37  I’ve never met anyone who choose bubblegum like that, I’mma keep it a buck 50 with you. just put it in your cheek when you talk and close your mouth while chewing.
I remember losing my v-card and telling my girlfriend, "This is how it feels to chew 5 Gum"
The gum had a cool box. That was it lol
They got me 😅 this is still the only chewing gum I’ll buy
I feel like any of these ad campaigns are decent on their own but with the context that they're all over the span of like 10 years one after another for a CHEWING GUM BRAND it comes across as veeeeery disingenuous and strange.
I'll never forget those advertisements. Coolest ever.
14:04 "... Pandering to gamers." * Sonic the hedgehog themed advertisement for Pizza Bagel Bites plays *
5 gum is the jojo's bizarre adventure of gum brands
Remember back in the day the meme was  - “how it feels to chew 5 gum” Then something stupid would show after that 😂😂😂😂
4:24 I never really noticed the slogans on their print ads back then, because I generally try to avoid reading ads.
Oh my God they could have really had something with the gaming ads. How about this? The stimulate your senses type ads but centered around **gaming*.* that feels like that could have been something!!! Surround sound headphones, how sometimes you feel like you're sucked into the game and you can feel what the character feels!!!!! THEY COULDA HAD GOLD AND THEY TURNED RIGHT AT THE INTERSTATE!!!
Katseye x 5 Gum 🗣️❗🔥
5 gum OG commercials was like a tool music video. Captivated me so much as a child
I like the young Pedro Pascal look, you work it!
16:45  Funnily enough, yes  Chewing any sorta Gum actually does help brain function a lil since it helps with blood flow around the head area and acts as a simple stress reliever, kinda like a fidget toy
Well normally people don't chew with their mouths open so🥀
The ending of this video deserves a standing ovation.  Gave me chills.  Made me feel like I was chewing 5 Gum.
and yet to this day Thrills, Remains
Elixir was my jammm. I covered everything in that foil. Take me back to 2008...
5 Gum is the PS2 of gum. The adverts for both were iconic and mysterious.
im the one person who chews gum while playing video games, it can genuinely help me focus
I was a teen and i was broke , anytime a 5 gum commercial pop on tv , i always wanted to try it and thought it would taste like magic. Dumb of me it's just a piece of gum. Who that controls the media controls the world
Not so subtle Twist this whole video was actually an ad for 5 gum😂
Shit I still buy their gum today, shit be good
They came back! A few months ago, Stimulate Your Senses became the slogan… and there were NEW ADS
No, because that's not how advertising and marketing work, but here is what actually happened probably: the launch campaign was memorable, but unsuccessful sales-wise. The company pulled back from paying big money to market the brand and tried with several smaller campaigns until one of them clicked with consumers, none did mainly due to the smaller marketing budget and fewer people seeing the ads
Sorry but that's not how commercials work. Tine and time again it has been proven that consumers lose focus on them and they need to be redeveloped. Something as wild as the launch campaign of 5 can only work for a short period of time and the following steps were more or less part of the strategy made at the launch, it's just that many of them backfired.
when i realized i could use EBT to buy respawn i almost overdosed on l-theanine mints at work, i wasn’t stressing tho.
17:10 ok i gotta say, sometimes when i do just have a pack of gum it’s nice while playing games. No mess of snacks, constant mouth stimulation, and it really isn’t that hard to not smack your lips while chewing gum. It’s lowkey better than snacks for games you gotta pay attention to. I will say i never go out of my way to get it either
“Dey put da master chief on da soda”
5 gum was a status symbol in Middle School
I found like some months ago one of their metallic green wrapping papers in a old drawer….
All that proved is you chew like an obnoxious asshole lmao. I don’t think chewing gum has ever been loud enough to be an issue while gaming.
They dropped the ball by not restoring the how it feels to chew 5 gum ads during the peak meme era
17:25 - Gawd. You’re chewing gum wrong.
17:00 - I grind my teeth a lot. May not be a bad idea.
19:19 absolute cinema ✋😶🤚
I cant believe i watched this whole vid. Lol
they had the best commercials tho
The execs at Wrigley notice declining sales, so they look at their brands and make a decision: the one with good marketing and a lot of interest compared to the others needs to be completely changed
Remember when commercials were good.   Companies forgot how to make advertising memorable and makes us want to look into their product. But now all advertising does is make us want to avoid whatever the product it.
17:27 inaccurate depiction of what chewing gum is like
Pedro Pascal at home:
I was born when 5 gum was made, and somehow missed the entire thing because my grandparents didn’t buy anything other than mint and juicy fruit. I truly wish I could’ve been able to experience this cause those OG flavors look…🔥🔥🔥, and the downfall is absolutely hilarious.  I wish I was aware of what this was when I was younger.   Also unrelated…I saw an epic commercial for mint breath mints, it was so freaking cool, I have remembered it for like 10 years. Mint = epic arctic kingdom
I loved this video the not mentioning the how it feels to chew 5 gum throughout the whole video just to deliver it at the end like that uhhhh 😩
I'll always cherish the era when adding the "How it feels to chew 5 gum" to random videos was funny. Those ads were insane and totally got my little kid brain to want to try it and made it far more memorable than something like Juicy Fruit or Orbit.
This was axe for peoples breathe.   😆
17:12  but munching on Doritos and getting its dust all over your periferals is ok, ig
I have a video of the "how it feels to chew five gum" cutting to a whale exploding on a beach followed by the ending to the ad saying "stimulate your senses." And that's the most tame Five gum meme i have or have seen. The rest would get me a strike on this platform for even explaining. I think the memes really put fives into the dirt on top of their horrible marketing. I've never had five gum, but whenever i buy gum, i instinctually avoid it and get something like spearmint or juicy fruit, or my favorite, hubba bubba. Especially the Hubba melon.
it is honestly my favorite gum since it came out.
Y’all….is that xqc 9:34 holding gum?? 😂
Never expected to see pedro pascal's long lost brother on my feed ,cool content though
15:47 is that walter white?
im stimulating my senses hoooly shigt
If the gum was caffeinated and had b12 its basically a diet energy drink. Stereotypical gamer diet would also leave you with a number of deficiencies. Good idea, ass execution.
Whenever I'm too locked in I lick my lips and then they would get dry. My solution was gum.
Just do some funny memes and then they're good
is this pedro pascal?
The intensity of these ads for a long time I thought it was gum with drugs in it.
15:59 lolll I woulda bought a buncha razer stuff in my gaming years but it’s RIDICULOUSLY overpriced. Like holy shit dude
Bro I watched this when it came out and YouTube just didn’t tell me.   I mean whatever it’s a good vid. I’ll rewatch
I just realized that I stopped buying gum after I stopped smoking
18:21 W criminal records
5 gum packs were the original infinity stones and my brother was on a quest to get them all.
I miss the stripes, I brought whole boxes on clearance once they started only restocking dragees here in the EU. Opening a pack in school was like shouting free crack cocaine at the main station in frankfurt. Good times, RIP Spearmint <3
Before 5Gum, I thought the Tang “it’s a kick in the glass” ad campaign was pretty high octane.
Dude...it started off interesting. But then you just keep repeating yourself. Over and over. We get the very simple concept of the 5 gum marketing strategies. Ffs
Looks like condom packaging
I was in the 5th grade when this hit the mainstream.My friends and I would buy a pack each friday and trade flavors.That lasted the whole year we were hooked.
youtube recomending this as soon as 5 gum starts re advertising to me
This channel is great!
16:54 it’s for people silent playing on their pc with random matchmaking grinding quests
Dang Pedro Pascal now making ytb videos?
You look like a compact Curtis Connor I love the video though
so many fucking ads on this video its like your trying to molest my ears
No one:  5 Gum:  “Ever shit yourself? Hashtag no regrets.”
I picked up respawn gum on a whim once after seeing it was caffeinated and i was tired after work, was surpised that it actually worked, a little
If they wanted to appeal to gamers just make fifa kits , 2k jerseys n skins
7:45 😳😳😳
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9LwZWzWNjg
I like the respawn gum, not as anyhtung but gum though. I feel like marketing it toward gamers was a cringe last ditch attempt to get more sales.
I didn’t know about the gaming rework. I’m gonna be honest, I’ve seen ads for respawn, but I genuinely thought that it was one of those nicotine things that companies say are “not addictive”
I loved the weird cyberpunk type vibes the simulate your senses era had, it was so cool
The original 5 gum adds were as over the top intense as a chuck norris joke. I dont think 5 gum realized people liked the original ads because they were funny
I CANT SHIT NO MORE
the big brother starter pack😂
I literally clapped at the end, good job 😂
I just got an Ad, over the sponsor segment, of a video analysing an Ad,... All i feel now is emptiness
17:34 if you can't chew with your mouth shut you shouldn't be talking with people.
Peopple thought it were condoms lol.  Thanks for the video Pedro Pascal at Home :P
Ai script omgbruh
I remember being like WOAH I gotta try that watermelon gum.
I have a razer keyboard, mouse, and headphones. The keyboard is pretty nice, the mouse is decent, the headphones can burn in a fiery pit, and I paid way too much for all of them.
19:18 chills, literal chills
Who chews gum like that?? My God
This and the layers gum ads both were good lol
When did Walmart Pedro Pascal start a YouTube 😂 jk nice video
didn't expect to come across 5Gum lore today but I did
5 gum was the shot back in school if you had it you where the man
Ain’t no way yall traded gum for fucking mints.
to be entirely fair 5 gum was the gum, and to this day i want to use only 5 gum (i might be brainwashed on god)
Why ia nobody mentioning how 5 lost its taste after like 5 seconds
I was raised in a religious household that didn’t allow gum with gelatin in it, and I was so envious of practically every gum except for 5. I was a little autistic girl and was horrified at the idea of experiencing whatever tf was going on in those ads
Mini Pedro Pascal
how tha fuck does one fuck up a gum brand's image 😭😭😭
9:46 guy on the left looks like if xQc didn't look like he was doing crack
You look like a twink version of Pedro Pascal. I love you.
NGL... GAMER GUM IS NOT A BAD IDEA
Who choose gumball gaming? I guess you don’t remember being in school and everybody chew gum to study and stay focused. 🤣
ok somehow on 10th second I saw a Pedro Pascal
Why’s this dude look like Pedro Pascals cousin that tries to look like him
The only part of this video that I actually found to be rather over done is the hyperbolic chewing of the gum to attempt to make a point.  I chew gum while playing games all the time. I dont know if its the ADHD but the act of chewing gum helps me focus more. I can't and will not vouch for the effectiveness of what is in gum.  However, I have tried the Respawn gum and it is pretty damn good. But it's just gum. I'd rather by one of the 35 pive lacks of Extra than a box of Respawn gum though
I love you guys :)
I literally thought he was Pedro pascal 🫨
19:18 absolute cinema
5 gum was a must have in middle and highschool
I collected ever 5 gym wrapper for 4 years and used them to cover my year 10 school books 😂 each book way a 5 gym colour code it was insane
i've seen some off the wall, and some raunchy memes, for 5 gum.. im sure some of you have also seen them.
ill be honest, as a 30 years old i started chewing gum with nicorette as a way to stop smoking. after a few years i quit smoking but i kept chewing gum as an habit, idk why it feels good. i tried all the brands, from trident to juicy fruit. 5 is just the best. the flavour sticks the longest and it dosent disintegrate into paste after a few hours. I also chew gum while gaming :)
Cell phone actually destroys the chewing gum market, more than anything else.      It’s more about passing time than it was “to curb hunger.”
They definitely did the truth or dare thing way too late. If they did that when they first came out that would've worked so well. I remember any kid who had 5 gum lost the whole pack by the end of first period from the moochers 😂
There was a 5 Gum tie in episode of Smallville, when at 5 Gum sponsored concert Pete Ross gets stretch powers from using kryptonite adulterated 5 Gum. That was a thing that existed.
A somewhat large subsection of gamers chew gum while playing.  The reason??? Adderall, cocaine, meth, or ecstasy. Stimulant drugs make video games more enjoyable and they enhance players’ reaction times. One side effect of stimulant abuse is “gurning”. In this context that term refers to involuntary stimulation of the facial muscles that often results in heavy teeth grinding or clamping which can cause damage to the jaw/teeth and soreness once the affects wear off. Gum alleviates the severity of this by giving you something to focus on and providing some cushion for the jaw/teeth.
The new 5gum ads are normal and thats not normal. I love the crazy ads they had.
My emblem on halo was always 5. If youre not embarrassed in your past self then you never grew.
0:16 dy put dah masher cief ind duh ssoder
I'll never forget the gifs. A girl I liked in HS sent me a gif, "how it feels to chew 5 gum," then a clip of a girl getting her throat destroyed lmao
I only chew gum while gaming after I kicked the habit of _smoking_ while gaming.
Ohh, displate sponser, that's too bad. I was going to subscribe otherwise.
As someone who plays a lot of video games… Gamer products are so cringe.
Brother lokks like a younger Pedro Pascal 😂. It's lowkey distracting
I really hate the corporate idea of what a 'gamer' is.   It's either some hyper-focused 'pro-gamer dude-bro' in a darkened room, surrounded by RGB lights, G-Fuel energy drinks and Gamer Gum, trying to make out like he's this super cool dude, when in reality he looks like a smug, self-important douche-bag. The kind of person I'd cross the road to avoid,   or.....  it's hip young 20-somethings outside, in the sun, hanging out with friends, dancing in skate parks or at a barbecue, you know.....doing anything _BUT_ playing video games.....and if they ARE shown playing video games, then they're fondling the controllers and like they've clearly never held one before in their lives and celebrating in a way most people never do.  Either way, it's always so cringe  Most gamers aren't like that. We're just....people. Sitting on our couch, playing a game.
17:39 this is either deliberate, or u somehow chew with your mouth open
Очень позновательно - спасибо. Это конечно не Нестле, но рекламная компания хорошая. Было интересно посмотреть. Лови лайк и подписку. Я- твой
Gum? I thought those were condoms.
I don't chew gum while gaming, but it also felt weird you would take such opposing stance against it. Then you shown something I just don't participate in - voice chat. Okay, now I get it...
"Hi, My name is Jim the Major Cheese. I am 184 years old, and the biggest regret of my life is that I stopped chewing 5 gum shortly after my chihuahua-doberman mix, Chuck, passed away after eating his sixth tube of cheez-whiz. Don't be like me (or Chuck), remember to chew 5 gum. Its what Chuck would have wanted, aside from more cheez-whiz".
how it chews to gum 5 feels
So 5 gum is basically being on LSD 😂
okay gen z kid confession time. i grew up basically completely isolated from the world for weird family reasons and so, while i started seeing people reference the slogan once i actually got access to the internet, i had no idea what 5 gum was until this video. i thought 'how it feels to chew 5 gum' meant literally five sticks of gum at once. i thought that was why it was funny. damn okay. thank you for the enlightenment mr start. you kinda look like young pedro pascal btw
Maybe selling soap to gamers isn't the worse idea
Bro im chewing 5 Gum While Watching 😭
An 8 minute intro is wild
This whole video was an excuse to make an awful joke at the end and I'm here for it
this just made me want 5 gum
Oh
Estimulate your senses...
Well I think we all know why it happened, we just don't want to say it
Cannot believe this video is what told me that respawn is actually gum I’ve genuinely not been able to figure it out
Pedro Pascal is now a youtuber?
I always liked 5 Gum. The aesthetic of the box and just that it was called "5" was always very intriguing. But I NEVER knew that it had those crazy sci-fi commercials though. Makes me want to buy more of it. lol <- NO WAY! And ad that ACTUALLY works on me.  I literally had never seen a 5 ad until now.
deliberately chewing obnoxiously loud doesn't prove the point that you shouldn't chew gum while playing games very well, should've just chewed it normally dude, chewing gum while gaming isn't that weird, makes more sense than doritos getting your keyboard or controller gross, and depending how you chew for you can burn some calories while you do it, it's not all that meaningful an amount compared to exercise but it doesn't hurt while you're gaming
Bro the amount of ads you have on a 20-min video is ridiculous fam.
Feels like coke was involved.  I imagine the marketing team all snorting lines and immediately deciding the insane new direction for their gum campaign.
I remember when gum was 25 cents a pack in the 2000s, but once 5 Gum came out with their fancy smancy package design, suddenly it was every other brand updating their packaging to being sold for over a buck 50, the eventually pushing 2-3 dollars.  I was checking out at a gas station recently and looked at some of the gum, and jfc … $5-7 for a small jar of what looks to be Juicy Fruit chiclets? No wonder gum sales keep tanking.
Yeah so if they want us to buy this gum just has to kinda you know taste good the box that the gun came in was nice but nothing more to it 😂
Idk why but this video reminded me of GameFly. I always thought it was like Netflix for games but apparently it was more like blockbuster. I wonder what happened to it and why it never caught on?
i'm sorry but this guy sounds like an Adult Jeff from Clarence and i can't focus
I used to think it was a drug for adults the way they advertised this stuff💀💀😭
I was 15 when 5 Gum made its debut. I remember buying the three flavors, trying them, finding them mediocre, and never touching it again. The commercials just stopped playing out of nowhere.
I miss the Black Edition so MUCH but now all we have left at the Stores are the stupid cubes...and ONLY in Watermelon Flavor, ever. Disgusting.  They really ruined part of my childhood.
How it feels to chew five gum.
Best commercial I've ever watched.
It’s gum wtf were they thinking
Pedro??
This video makes me want to try 5 gum more than any of their ads over the last 15 years
16:45 I do, and I will not be slandered.
5, ax body spray, monster energy drink, all products that I thought made me cooler and older when I was a child 😭
🙌 Stimulate your senses 🙌
"DON'T LET THEM FORGET, THEY TRIED THIS!!!" 🤣🤣🤣
I never understood why people drank energy drinks when they game. Like I guess it’s just the sugar addiction right?
i didn't know Pedro Pascal had a youtube channel
10:06 'What foods have sent tears streaming down your face?' that is definitely not a dare
fire ending
I was not aware that 5 gum was gone.
I chew gum while on my PC to help me with my eating problems. I eat when I have anxiety, stress and when I'm bored. I don't understand the whole "who chews gum when gaming?", normal people don't chew like a cow.
when this came out i was it’s key demo
During the corporate video, I actually got an ad. I liked the ad better than the corporate video. That’s a bad sign for the corporate video.
The how it feels commercials have actually come back recently
4:26 ok nobody talks about that middle one, alright? Nobody.
Listen man i love the video but i don’t like the ad you and everyone is capable of hanging a picture it is definitely a beginner level home improvement. Now that overpriced magnet thing can probably help negate holes in the walls but thats about it
imagine the class swarming you cause you have gum and you pull the truth or dare one out
All things considered maybe it would've worked better if they'd tried to tie Five Gum to Micheal Bay.
Honestly respawn him had potential, caffeine gum with flavors is a great idea and caffeine genuinely improves gaming mechanics when used properly
Making grills out of the wrappers is a core jr high memory good lord
And I really liked 5 gum too
They should just steal Red Bulls strategy of sponsoring extreme sport athletes “how it feels to chew five gum” *man renters earth orbit
they back
Flare looks sooo good! ❤
I still fw the original package design so hard.  That matte/gloss striping not only looked good, but FELT good.
Rain was...intense?  LOL
I never knew this was actually a real product. I’ve never even heard of this before. All I ever remembered from it was the old  How it feels to chew 5 Gum memes that were literally everywhere back in the time around 2016 to 2017
5 Gum can't back to its roots, the videos gonna be AI maded.
I just got an ad for 5 gum that was undeniably made almost completely with AI. 5 gum's marketing department needs to change
If 5's identity is about experience and stimulation why not collaborate with ASMR people? They have something in common
The sad part is that 5 gum tastes realy good
your content would be good if there was less face
Bro, I want to comment on the subject matter, but I just want to say you are AWESOME. The video was awesome too, but you made it special. Thank you!
I didnt like you already and then you advertised displate
2:16 m in and you bored me...
It lost its cool factor because we escaped schools and were allowed to chew it. Things are scientifically cooler when you’re not allowed to do it
Bro sounds like peak Idubz
20 minutes? The only reason I don’t buy 5 anymore is because I don’t see it on the shelf  Package was good, gum was good. Never seen any ad
I liked them for the flavours and packaging - but they discontinued them here in Europe :/   I don’t really care about marketing
Hey they got Great value fin Wolhard
to be honest i liked 5 because of the slim packaging you could put it in your pocket and it would not be noticeable
There's so many things and commercials and all shit. I didn't know that's crazy.
I remember when 5 came out and honestly I still like it a lot more than most of the other gums
Honestly, i prefer 5gum because of their advertising. I like its taste too
‘The hearts and pockets…’ Ouch
This ad made me want to buy gum more than their new marketing campaign.
Chew big red.... and if you don't..... well, you can just go f off. Be cause if you ain't first, you're last. Lol
Please man. Youre mot as funny as you think
Andrew Tate joke was lame and uninspired. Bye
why u look like the guy from the last of us?
This is not real. THE BRAND IS REAL
Rebranding a product under the "for gamers" label is like saying "we treat consumers like idiots".
You sound like the class clown lol
If they just stayed with the whole “how it feels to chew 5 gum” Ads they probably never would of had a down fall. All they had to do was make better cooler ads now and than
never even realised but i havent see 5 gum in any stores where im at in like 4 years now
Why does bro look like a twink Pedro Pascal
I just saw an old school 5 gum add on Amazon prime. The date is 5/29/25.  I did not know where else to relay this info
How it feels to chew 5 gum. Gum gum, sense your stimulate
4:43 really appreciate the dedication to that bit 🥰
Okay so I just got a YouTube short ad from them and they were using ai
I still don't know why they didn't just make 5 breath mints.
Man, when did all this happen? Like, the last time I saw a 5 ad or actually chewed a pack of 5 gum they still had the edgy flair and marketing. I never knew they changed. Am I that old and out of touch?
There are few commercials that I vividly remember, but those early 5 commercials are some. Unfortunately "Puppy, monkey, baby" is another ad permanently burned into my brain.
5 gum tries to be cool like the other kids basically
wow, it turned into cringe and stupid cliches basically. teenage unreachable dreamlife, yeah not many can relate to that
I had no idea this brand even existed, that one meme makes a lot more sense now
The fact that in 2018 they were targeting "cool millenials" is proof enough they were totally lost.
This video brought back the campaign
90% of ads are basically 29 seconds of random shit then 1 second of the product Like "OH WOW!! RUNNING WITH MY FAMILY!! DRIVING IN A CAR!! CLIMBING A TREE!!" And it's an advert for a new car No price, engine info, stats, or anything They spend god knows how much on advertising and so many of them leave me wondering what the product even is but with zero interest to find out
Five gum was soooo desirable when I was in middle school, not just because it was cool, but because of the colored foil covering the sticks. You could strip the foil off the paper and it would naturally stick to plastic, so people decorated EVERYTHING with colorful gum foil. It was THE THING to do
Thumbnail guy looks like Biden.
I actually chew gum whil eplaying so I could "focus more". cuz It kinda works as a fidget.
I've had multiple grand mal seizures, I know how it feels to chew 5 gum.
13:55 this got me so hyped
This is one of the edgiest YouTube videos I’ve ever seen and I think I’m going to go buy 5 gum for the first time in years now
17:00 this just killed the entire chewing gum while gaming theory in its cradle
I chew gum while I game lol. I also actually regularly chew gum so
I still buy it
The price didnt help either😂
I think of this gum Everytime I play rainbow 6 siege
How it gums to chew five feels Gum gum
no regurts
All I rly remember about 5 gum was the memes tbh. And my grandma loved the cinnamon flavor lol
Honestly why doesn't 5 gum just add caffeine to their gum and do what red bull does while keeping the old slogan
1:57 not OSRS catching strays 😂
I don’t buy gum often, but when I do it’s usually 5. Its design still jumps off the shelf and I have fond memories of these commercials.
Oh, how the mighty have fallen.
For me it had nothing to do with the marketing of the gum but the actual product itself. They changed something to the formula that made the gum unstable and "melt" in my mouth becoming completely liquid and disgusting.. Not sure if it was a bad bunch or my mouth pH changing for some reason, but that by itself made me never want to try it again
You cant hit a nail with a fluxking hammer
I just saw a new TikTok ad that went back to the og how it feels to chew 5 gum ads
I wasn’t going to blow up eating that gum!!!!
Chief doritos based
The axe of gum is a great way of putting it, they won me over as a tween
I can't still remember the Slogan after every commercial "5 gum, stimulate your senses"
I miss seeing 5 gum on shelves when i was younger and being mesmerized by how cool the art was for all the insane flavor names
I had a 5 finger discount on 5
Well, they brough back the old advertising style.
*Getting your ass sand blasted" - This is what it's like to chew 5 gum...
Like be honest when I saw this commercial I thought its a condom commercial
better call back ending than most of the marvel movies.
the stimulate your senses thing mightve still worked with the working through nervousness thing (ballet, kiss, sneaking out [maybe not here]) if they still did the cgi effects to show a character getting over their nervousness in over the top ways  (e.g. student in exam chews gum and transport him to idk surfing the waves in a tornado and ending up fine and transported back to the exam happily answering)  i think id be down for that while trying to pander to more relatable scenarios while keeping in touch with their action packed ads  edit: spelling
Tomorrow morning, i'll be buying a 5 pack before work, no joke I miss chewing those 😂
If someone be smackin their lips like that, It’s just their fault and lack of basic manners homie. Not to mention.. the highly elusive mute function on every modern audio device
pedro pascal??
well... it worked :)
When i was a kid those first ads made me scared of what 5 gum would do to me, like a drug or a rated R film lol.
I remember kids at my school use to deal 5 gum like its weed or smt. Truly captivating experience.
Vine legend
4:02 I mean it literally says the flavor on the box 😭
Five gum guys in 07 were like chic fil a girls now
It's as cringe as the target demographic, I say yes to that and help them lose their money 😂
In elementary school you were cool if you consistently had a pack of 5 gum. Handing out pieces to those students of lesser wealth and social standing. Like a king handing out gold to his peasants.
2000a gigachad maxxlooking people, after 2010s only DEI hires
Swerve was my favorite gum flavor ever and they don’t make it anymore 😭
You got more views than their ads. You might revive the brand for them lol
I thought the meme "how it feels to chew 5 gum" was about chewing 5 chewing gums at the same time.
Those commercials remind me of Metal Gear Solid 4's in-universe, over-the-top military-themed ones.
17:42 look, I'm not defending them, I have tried it and I'd rather get a sudden rush from getting robbed than doing it with their gum but WHO CHEWS GUM LIKE THAT LOL
I used to play game while chewing gum. It helps my concentration. Back then I didn't really talk using a microphone though
I thought this was gonna be about all the memes tbh, kinda surprised it wasn't even mentioned  They might've fallen off and chewing gum might not be as big as it used to be, but it's still probably the most well known and talked about gum today because of all those memes, nothing any other gum has ever tried* will be as recognisable and quotable as the "stimulate your senses" shit, so they get a W for that  *except that weird japanese Long Long Man thing, I think that was gum
disliking for including that disgusting audio
Chewing gum in calls takes skills i can chew it and talk clearly
The last time I had 5 Gum was idk even know when, maybe 8 years ago? And I bought just a single pack to remind myself some of that nostalgia from when it was so popular. Then it kinda just disappeared from stores.
Gotta hand it to them, their marketing definately worked.
Next, pander to ravers! Mark my words!
Is anyone else getting young Pedro Pascal vibes from this dude? Haha
I cant wait until they start pandering to gooners
I remember thinking 5 Gum as a more "luxurious" gum option as a kid, lol. I would get it when I was feeling sassy, lol. I guess their marketing did work on me 🤷‍♂️
Man when I saw that swerve pack, I've never wanted a piece of gum so hard lmao
I thought they were condoms when I was younger lol 😂
Kinda want some 5 gum now. Your video was a better advertisement then anything they have out since the original ads lol
The RPM flavors were so good
Respawn tastes pretty good and i do chew gum while gaming sometimes
Im actually chewing 5 gum rn
People SMOKE while gaming and you're dumbfounded with people CHEWING GUM?  But fine with mountain dew and doritos? bro just say the only thing you know about gamers are generic internet memes
😂😂😂
17:31 smacking on my tv loud asf bruv
honestly, had i been responsible for changing the marketing for 5 gum as the consumer base grew out of being a teenager, i'd play with the idea of relaxing the senses. handling stressful situations, sensual overloads and intense social situations by controlling your senses.  take 5 minutes, take 5 gum  or something along this line. maybe take the gaming gum route and put ingredients that help you relax like tabacco or horse tranqualizer
Was anyone else hoping that at the end of this video it would have been sponsored by 5 gum? 🤣
never eat that gum, only watched the memes.
Wrong no one ganks top
This was my first impression of you: WOAH PEDRO PASCAL???
this is chews it how to gum five
No way I use this gum this stuff is cool 15:29
I’m really watchin a YouTube video about a 30-45 second gym commercial from 10+ years ago lol
I wasn't aware of the rebranding, just that it fell off after the life happens in 5 and the kid jumping in the pool. I remember chewing it and watching the old ads when I was on summer vacation in Romania, but I've never seen them here in Italy. I loved the stimulate your senses ads
Pedro Pascal, is that you?
I'll be honest for a long time back then I thought they said "how it feels to chew vibe gum"  and never understood the bizarre experiment looking commercials
ngl chewing gum during gaming actually does help and idk why but after a few mins of chewing i turn into a turret. i get the cracked out focus without the cracked out feeling of an energy drink.
You look like you are the younger drother of that one weird shorts guy.
17:10 😅 whenever i’m vaping too much i pull out some gum. and energy drink don’t help anymore.
Nothin to do wth 5 gum, but i really miss orbitz mint mojito.
The commercials were awesome but I never got into them growing up even though I was the target demographic. I just never liked following trends. Sadly this was something that would follow me for a long time as an outcast apparently
they gone gay
Here is my incredibly sad and tragic story and the regrets that came with it. Also gum
I loved the cinnamon 5Gum soo much :C i wish it was back
It was really funny in middle school and Highschool I was like "you got orbit WTH are you 90"
Have you ever fucked with your pants on 😂😂
I thought 5 gum died 10 years ago oh wait they did
Big red was pretty rad too
The only reason I was buying the 5 gum was because of the first weird ass ads, plus I liked how the packaging looked... Now I don't see it anywhere and I'm kinda bummed out to see that they took that marketing route 😕
The commercials was the reason why I tried it
Anybody remember stride? I feel like in the mid 2000's Stride vs 5 was like nintendo vs sega in the late 80's.
I always thought five gum was pretentious, and I never liked it. Winter fresh or double mint has always been my go to chewing gum.
Must be an American thing 5 was always edgy in the UK. That I remember anyways
5 gum was like the axe deodorant of gum
Bro you look like Pedro Pascual
Remember the flavor changing one
Old 5 gum ads remind me of the Divergent movie
How it feels to chew 5 Gum.  Those memes were a classic.  🥹🤣👏  Me personally, I rarely chew gum, and whenever I do, it's usually mint flavored.  The reason being, I once had an allergic reaction to a specific gum flavor, and got a rash on my upper lip.  😬😨  I don't chew gum as much as I used to, not because of my reaction, it was just another flavor that hit me wrong, I just choose not to chew gum.  🤷
17:51 who tf mouth-open chews gum? especially in a call with friends. that was a self own.
The only time I even remember that gum exists is if I see someone else chewing it in a setting where I’m gonna be bored for a long time and need something to distract myself. I’d be surprised if any of the brands are selling like they used to. I don’t think it has anything to do with the marketing at all.   Good video btw!
Bro looks like mini Pedro Pascal
Welp they f@ck up
I used to work for Wrigleys in Flowery Branch, their machines that make the gum is so ancient bro, they would always breakdown to the point that I quit because it was too stressful to work on machines that would breakdown every 3-5 min
We were really poor growing up. So poor that we’d never “splurge” on something like a pack of gum. But after seeing those commercials for 5 I HAD to try it. I begged my mom at every shopping trip. One time, she assented, and it was like Christmas for me   I don’t think the gum tasted much different than others. It had a stronger flavor at first. But still, I was convinced it was the best gum in the world and I coveted my little pack until it ran out. Can’t believe I forgot about that.
Maybe I live in a bubble but when did gum’s popularity go down? Everyone I know is always eating gum
5 gum is still fire tasting
The print ads remind me of that old machinima video _Gears of Halo Theft Auto 5_ "You ever st*b a nun in the face with a #2 pencil??"
😹😹😹😹
Me watching this while chewing a 5 gum😂😂
Ahhh yes 7th grade we loved that junk
Moral of the story: Gimmicks never last.
What the hell did I just waste 11 minutes on??  Dear heavens, they forgot about the GUM??  Talk about melodrama.
17:25 idk how purposefully chewing gum like an asshole proves your point
I take it we’ve all watched that one 5 gum meme right?
well this explains what happened to the flavors i prefered
Welp, guess he predicted it.
I used to steal these gums and sell them 😂😂😂😂😂
I knew this would be a dumb video, and it was, therefore I'm not dissapointed
Pedro pascal????
I still think the razor mask looks cool as hell, but practical? Nope
Ngl as a kid it was hard to resist, it made you feel like a cool teen.
I remember these gums from when i was a kid, they were very good, they were kinda spicy and classy and felt good.
I definitely never saw their other phases, maybe they didn't advertise outside the US.. The first one was fire though
gums are lowkey buns anyway i dont like having 3 seconds of flavor then a tasteless blob in my mouth that i have to spit out
Did I just watch a 20-minute video about gum and also somehow enjoy it?
This video problably did more for their advertisement than they did.😂
I only know about it from family guy
I loved the adds as a kid
Dude seeing the flare 5 Gum is a trip its been almsot 20 years since i last saw those. Completley forgot they existed
the 5gum meme was too good for this video to even be made
Hey. Everyone. Gum isn't food or even a snack.
Alternate title: 5 Gum how it feels to completely ruin your brand
They sell it at the dollar store in Canada. I bought a pack today, first time ever, now im getting recommended videos about it. Big Candy and big tech are teaming up to keep my entertained and my breath smelling like Axe body spray. Life is grand
16:48 you're lying if you've never chewed gum when playing videogames
Song at 1:05?
When I saw “made with genetic engineering” on the gum packaging I thought it was part of the marketing haha
It's sad. I loved 5 Gum, even tho it was way overpriced for our country and my shallow pockets at the time. It's funny when you think about it - coincidentally 2015 was basically the time I stopped buying 5 Gum. They changed for the worse. The main question is: why are marketing directors so retarded? Why are they convinced that they could spend 5-10-years to create a following of young boys by marketing their product to them and then suddenly shift their focus towards teen girls and expect to keep their initial followers, while gaining new ones in the face of the new target audience? It doesn't work this way - never did, never will. It's the same with games, movies and etc. If your audience is predominantly 14-25-years old males, then you market your products to them specifically and enjoy the money you get. Suddenly shifting your focus towards a new audience would only make you lose our current one. And what happens if you are unsuccessful at attracting a new audience with this bold (stupid) move? Well, you lose everything. It's like going from sitting on one chair and then attempting to sit on two chairs at the same time. But here's the kicker - sometimes when you try sitting on two chairs you happen to fall down on your arse. Oh well!
I miss that original dark tron neon style shit that things like 5 gum and axe spray had, say what you want ahout the products but that was a pretty cool aesthetic
How it chews to gum 5 feels, gum gum, sense your stimulate
How it chews to 5 feel gum
5 gum's its own gum ?? i spent years (until now) thinking it was a stimorol special edition 😭
Erm I’m in Australia and still buy 5 gum at the grocery store lol
this is the biggest 5 gum ad i’ve ever seen xD nice try Wrigley
the devastating effects of millennial marketing
5 gum is the only gum i every had that deteriorates in mouth over time.
Respawn website link doesn’t even work.
5Gum has deeper lore than MARVEL's Avengers 💀💀💀
you look like mini Pedro Pascal
saw the packs a zillion times, never knew it was a chewing gum, never got interested to check
Okaaaaay budget pedro pascal. What are you doing later? 😏
My own experience is a bit different, probably due to the country I live The 5 gum also sales at here, but without these strange flavour name(they're just labeled as mint or grape like any other gum) and ads(i never saw any ads about it in my country) Tbf, it actually sold pretty well, maybe due to their flavour, they're the only kind of gum I can find to still hold the sour flavour and grape accent after 10min's chewing(every other kinds I can find all become simply sweet after 3min and lost it's flavour) They really need to focus more on their flavour...
I liked the commercials, never bought the gum though but i at least i know what its like to chew it.
Pedro pascal? Dude you look a lot like him lol
who would chew gum while playing a game? me probably
Gum is weird
I loved and still love 5 gum. Never saw any of the new ads. Chewing gum helps me focus (kind of how people like fidget toys or clicking their pen) so I still buy packs of 5 gum pretty often, mainly for the nostoltia rather than specifically for the flavor or marketing.
How it feels to chew 5 gum
In my country there are only 3 tastes of 5 gum: sweet berries, fresh mint and chocomint icecream (last is my fav)
i chew gum while playing games just those games are single player and its not 5 gum
he attacked andrew he’s done
I love the respawn flavors tho haha
Dude nobody in their right minds chews gum like that,you started the call normal with the gum in your mouth why so the most
You can’t hammer a nail into a wall?
When your mom says we have Pedro Pascal at home
Man i miss the flare taste
You are describing a psyop
Put caffeine, nicotine, and creatine in a stick of gum and you got a winner.
I've never been a gum person anyway. I tried the peach flavored 5, but that was when it first came out and I've never bought gum since. 😂
This is unironically the best ad they've had in the last 5 years
It literally makes more sense to chew gum while gaming that eating Doritos.
How it gums to chew 5 feels
I used to always chew gum when I played games… never 5, but the routine of it kinda put me in the headspaxe
those essay format vids got stupidly long, it could be just 10 minutes, but i feel viewing time is so stretched
I've seen about 10 million memes of the 5 gum ads but I don't think I've ever actually seen a 5 gum ad.
PEDRO PASCAL? Is that you?
O viously, don't chew gum in a discord call. But also, not everyone plays multiplayer games or streams. It's not an issue to chew gum and play games if you're not talking. Some of us are only 5" tall and can't pound a case of full sugar Dew and a party size Doritos every day, lol.
if they just didn't spend money on new ads they would probably be better off lol
For 19 minutes and 20 seconds I was wondering how you were going to talk about 5 marketing without talking about “how it feels to chew 5 gum” and then you hit me in the face with a baseball bat
I think maybe 5 was just trying too hard to the point of being self parody. I bought a few packs...it was...fine. Distinctive? Not as I recall, and the more they leaned into obvious pandering the more turned off I became. Maybe they should have evolved their campaign into humorous self parody and poked a little fun at themselves. Give a little nod and a wink as if to say "yeah we know it's just gum but let's have fun with this". I know I find good natured irreverence very appealing in commercials. Makes me feel like they're just entertaining me and not attempting to manipulate me.
wish i could still buy it   it was amazing
how it feels to chew 5 gum?
They need to bring back flare
"Have you ever ran a hotdog through a table saw and felt the vibrations of the blade go through the frankfurter and into your finger tips?"  - Stimulate your senses 5️⃣
Honestly as a zoomer a big reason why gum is failing is because whats the point? Its quite expensive for what it is which is slightly flavoured rubber  that loses its taste very quickly then is annoying to spit out because its disgusting to spit that into a garage can.
Ironically, if they just put weed or some drug into the gum, it would taste better, or idk, actually appeal to most modern teens.
Used to be the 5gum plug back in middle school🤣
I am from outside US so I had thought for years that “How it feels to chew 5 gum” meme were literally about chewing 5 gums at the same time.
anyone think this dude looks like Pedro Pascal?
Petro pascal
15:57 my gamer gum is called aderral
Watching this made me realize that i haven't really chewed gum in forever I've probably had less than 10 pieces in the last two years
Reminds me of stride brand gum
I can tell you respawn didn't sell well because I went a discount outlet in 2020 where they buy stores excess and almost expired shit for cheap and there were so many packs of it
Still love 5 gum
Woah, Pedro Pascal?!
Mint was amazing havent had it in a very long time.
the packaging of the product looks like a packet of condoms on the cashier's counter. i'd never buy it.
I chew gum when playing games what???
It really was like turning Gum into a Tobacco advert.
The ending of this should be part of a new run of their promotional material, it slaps
As a child, I used to think those gums were for adults only, I don't know why
I Fucking miss 5 gum so goddamn badly.
They STOLE our customer's heartmonies from us!! Sneaky other markets!
When I was 11 I made my whole family clear the living room because I told them I was going to chew Five and have Red Bull. I sat crisscross in the middle and was waiting for me to transcend. I thought I was going to turn into a cyborg monk… everyone laughed at me. 🤣
Back in the day I always thought this was the gum they had in the Matrix.
I used to chew 5 until i started getting really bad gas. The ingredients are trash.
Alot of people chew gum and game it helps you focus just dont chew like an absolute douchebag lile you purposely did at the end 🤡
I miss RPM, i still remember when that came out i was in middle school and everyone was getting it.
This dude not knowing how important B vitamins are is wild
"How it feels to chew 5 gum"  Uhrglhrglhrglhrglhrglhrgl  "5 gum, stimulate your senses"
We throwin hands if you’re chewing gum into the mic. It’s one of my biggest pet peeves!
Gum is literally plastic, look it up
Let’s be fair. The *downfall of 5 gum Perfectly Mirrored the target demographic of the 2020’s and that was their real problem* . Even today I can’t believe most of the people alive actually really exist. If you can even call wageslave debt fueled indentured servitude, shallow consumerism, and a npc mentality and *Narcissists Masquerading as Empaths* actually living.
*now Ice breakers mints are doing an ad campaign with really cheesy animation where kids violently explosively vomit clouds of icy mist propelling them like a rocket through walls like Turn Down For What but without the entertaining part*
I remember constantly seeing ads about 5 Gum as a kid, and every time I saw it in the stores I thought to myself "yea no I'm too young for that extreme stuff". Edit: only after writing this I realized the top comment is someone with the same experience 🔥
I think one of the bigger underlying factors in the dip in the value of gum was when vaping really took off. Suddenly schools weren’t focusing on kids sticking gum under their desks, and vaping became the new taboo that all the kids wanted to partake in.
I thought you Pedro pascal for a second 😂
8:56 My wife owns a Ballet Studio.  If one of her advanced girls went on stage chewing gum, my wife would probably kick her out of the building...
I’m Swedish, we don’t have the brand 5 Gum here, so I thought it was just a joke, like how chugging an entire bottle of vodka (an outrageous amount of alcohol) would be.
I am trying to enjoy this video but as a man, I’m trying to get over bro confidently saying I can’t hammer and nails look at these hands
Does Pedro Pascal have a son?
Am I the only one to remember the time 5gum became a meme? Surely they played into that or at least saw some increase in sales?
in middle school i would eat 5 pieces at once just to feel something
2:49 so we gonna act like hanging a picture is that complicated? Really? I get u gotta sell a product but you really went with "how hard it is to hammer a nail in a wall"...
Idk about any of this, I just like the gum. Cobalt gos hard
I lost it during the chewing gum on a discord chat.😂
12 year old me ate that shit up man. That was 7th grade too that's when we were first allowed to have gum in class 😂
I remember the memes from seven years ago
2001 bros where yall at?
not gonna lie i dunno how much i trust this framing of things i really think most wealthy corporations like this one usually know what's going on and have a contingency for everything, and make sacrifices we don't know about i feel like it's not entirely honest to assume that when marketing fails or appears foolish to us, it's in some way because we're ahead of the advertisers advertisers are ahead of us, almost constantly, and i think assuming any less has a lot of potential to harm clarity.
Orbitz marketing>5 marketing
Just now realizing that I was the target demographic for these ads back in 2007-08 and it worked....
That shit worked too, I stopped chewing Hubba Bubba Max because of 5 Gum
Gum is a weird product, I loved it as a kid though.
Respawn is in Walmarts everywhere bro 17:51
5 gums ads worked for me when i was in 5th- 9th grade till i switched to denture gum, i got tired of it turning into vomit afer 20 min of chewing
19:20  neheheheh he said it, he said the thing!
Displate seems to allow AI bs on their website and should not be promoted. It's theft.
fortnite sigma balls
Here in Australia 5 gum peaked with the citrus anamantium flavour promoting the wolverine movie. 👌🏻 that was peak
@19:02 if they remind us again 😅 & also like purposely make it nostalgic   & throw nostalgia at us we will all buy like crazy
When gum commercials hit they hit hard between 5 gum and the double mint jingle but nothing beats the old mentos commercials
5 just didn't get a simple shounen rule. Power skaling never stops. Instead of enjoying they should've offered something like "embrace the taste of galaxy annihilation"😂😂😂 and add some anime style protagonists
I remember being in middle school around 2012 and all the kids were fiends for this stuff. I used to to hustle a single stick for a dollar, the underground gum market was REAL
I'm late, can you do one for stride?
THAT LINE AT THE ENDD HOLYYYY SHITTTTT
thank you Pedro Pascal
That respawn aint no neuro gum😂
I didnt know pedro pascal was passionate about gum
Pandering to gamers is the cringiest thing a company could do tbh
I never had much 5 gum because my dad only ever bought spearmint Stride.
So what i got from this is you don't play single player games
couldnt stop laughing when he said he cant even mount a picture to a wall xD Dude youre in the US. You dont even have proper walls there.
I'm sorry. Your Dollar Tree Pedro Pascal
I miss the pink 5
Was in 7th grade when th truth or dare sticks we’re going on, I always thought those were cool
It might seem silly, but the 5 packaging really was a great thing. Before 5, you could still buy packs of 15 stick of gum. The issue is that they came stacked on one top of the other, then wrapped with a little tear tab at the top that removed the whole top. As you removed sticks, this would create more space and they would all be loose and fall out into your bag/purse by the third stick. Very inconvenient. The re-closeable packaging from 5 got rid of this. Although wider, it was flatter- more pocket friendly than the 15-stick stack.
Say what you want. It tasted amazing
respawn should've brought out more hygiene products.
great video
5 gum feels like a ferret that can't shit no more
A coworker gave me a pack of that respawn stuff because he didn’t like it. I also gave it away because he was right, that stuff was terrible 😂
Blud looks like Pedro pascal on estrogen💀
Bro never learned to chew gum
Who gives a fuck
offbrand pedro pascal
I saw this a while ago but I gotta say the level of production value and editing in this video is insanely good
Video starts at 3:33
I'm ngl the only thing that got me to actually chew 5gum were the memes surrounding them... I'll never forget you Vine.
17:00 lots of people chew gum while gaming, a lot of esports pro players use it aswell, the simple action of chewing for some people is very useful when trying to stay focused
i never had 5 gum and i rarely even buy any gums, but i will never forget the "how it feels to chew 5 gum"
Woah young Joaquin Phoenix
i tried 5gum back then, during the original ad campaign. it's... chewing gum. one of the chewing gums of all time, i'd say in modern terms
i use to like 5 gum with there different flavors now i just get mints lmao
Do you not know that you can just purposely not make sound while chewing? Just close your mouth and don't chew like an asshole
Epic
Why da fuck am i 1 year later watching this video while a new version of Pedro Pascal talking about 5Gum?
Yo that add cut was shity don't do that
4:03 "how are you supposed to know what swerve tatstes like?" there's a caption immediatealy below the flavour name so you know what it tastes like: tangy and sweet, tropical. hope this helps!
I think most trend (regarding product consumption) are meant to stay in the past.  Today the industry who succeeded to domesticate trend is fashion. They do as well as they do because they dictate the trend several time a year, every year. That way they keep control.  The only thing that can beat trend is innovation or novelty so in other word only a new trend can stop one.  Also it’s interesting to point that a trend is most powerful just before it become popular. Because as soon as it is it’s value decrease drastically. As soon as everyone around you adopted it, everyone is already waiting for the new trend to come out. Fashion understood this very well and put in place a système that gave them the monopoly of all trend. The monopoly of « good taste ».
I cheered at the end when you said it
Pedro Pascal has a YouTube channel??
I loved 5 gum when I was younger. Used to get it all the time. The advertising definitely worked. I was an edgy teen, so it was definitely targeted towards my demographic
5 Gum is the best example for „Never Change a running system“. They probably had to change the visuals of the advertising. Idk if the 2009 Visuals would still work today, but they had a system: being edgy, being different, being sort of rebellious. They dropped ever aspect of that when they changed to the more melancholic Life adverts. They were the Kings and Queens of Guerilla Marketing back in the days and dropped basically everything
Those commercials were awesome. I remember the one of the dude laying in (i think?) a giant speaker. The vibe of the commercials were so cool
I loved 5 gum. Used to get the giant packs from Costco, in fact I still have some packs I never got around too 😂
I LOVED this gum. And in Germany nothing ever took it's place. It's a wide open market gap they left waiting to be filled again. We have fruity gum and peppermint gum now. That's it. 90% Wrigleys with different names but they should really bring 5gum back.
I bought respawn at Walmart. It was ok.
The discord call with you smacking was GOLD! I've banned friends for a day or so for that shit lmao
I used to watch their ads when smoking pot
I didn’t know Pedro Pascal had a YouTube channel?
Chewing gum so you dont chew your tongue off during @|)|)¥ tics
I was a young man in this time of the stimulate your senses ads, and it was all about the Listerine mint strips and altoids. Come to think of it, altoids had funny ads. Or maybe I'm thinking of orbit, I forget. Seems like a lifetime ago now
The print ads remind me of john frakes beyond belief episode hosting scripts.
5 gum was like cigarettes when I was in school. Only the cool kids had it and everyone wanted to bum a stick
"stimulate your senses" imo they should have done redbull and start sponsoring some cool over the top stuff with this slogon. Because I as a costumer dont really drink that much redbull but sometime I buy can or two and get good feeling that I am sponsoring cool stuff I think same could have worked for 5 gum
Ngl the Tropical flavor of 5 gum kinda slapped but they discontinued it ages ago i think cause I haven't seen it anywhere in ages. But also the flavor for 5 gum lasts like 2 seconds before turning into a nasty rock
Gum sells have dropped because it's not "cool" to stick gums under school desks or public benches for some reason.
3:19 End of sponsor.
I didnt know they were from Wrigleys. I havent thought about it in a long time I used to buy the stuff.
Yeah i will always remember back in 7th grade when my Mate was starting an Argument with our Teacher that Chewing Gum can actually help you focus and he got kicked out for it.  2 Days later this Mad Lad had prepared a whole as presentation with Statistics and Facts that Chewing Gum does indeed help you focus.  Which then actually lead to our Teacher letting us Chew Gum in class. As long as we can chew silently and dont stick our chewed gums under the Table or somewhere else.
It's easy they made a pack of gum feel like a pack of cigarettes.
5 gum should’ve pulled a Duolingo and rode the meme wave
Vapes are new gum
5gum commercials are super nostalgic for me
How it chews to gum five feels Gum Gum Senses your stimulate
Why chew gum when you can just hit a vape😭
I’ve never once bought 5 gum… but damn do I remember those “how it feels to chew 5 gum” commercials.
I'm gonna say it again. The last line of this video, is one of the best things ever.
You move your head like a bobble head when you talk
I don't like the way you talk. Please become a normal person.
You know, I never saw any of 5gums advertising. I did like the gum though. The packaging was very nice and I liked the taste of their their gums. However, we have stopped buying them because there is too few of them in a pack. My family buys a lot of gum, but only in large doses. The reason is quite simple. We only chew gum when in the car. And if you chew gum every time you get into the car, you will use up the gum quite fast. We also tend to take double the intended amount, which basicly means that we exhaust our supply double as fast as someone, who would only take one gum. And so we prefer large packs of gum, which 5gum just wasnt.
If i was going to buy gum, id buy 5 gum. But i dont buy gum.
Wow i hate moustaches now thanks to annoying tubegoobers.
why... is razer infamous? Their Razer DeathAdder V2 is the best mouse to this day. Also, nobody chews gum like they haven't eaten for 3 days straight 💀
We just got the 5 respawn gum and breath mints at my local gas station in KS
4:36 7:40 14:16
They should've doubled down on the EXTREEEME SENSEEESS shit tbh. I tried the gum before seeing any ads ( haven't watched TV since 2003 ), and the taste WAS unique and awesome.  OH btw not to mention the infinite potential of free marketing by the "how it feels to chew 5gum" memes
As a 7 year old whenever 5 hit the market. One of the best advertising and captivating products of its time for sure.
15:50 still waiting for the razer toaster
4:03 SWERVE BEND THAT CORNER WOOOAH
Who the  fuck chews gum that loud on voice chat do what normal people do and stop chewing while you talk
I watched this video while chewing Trident gum. Get wrecked 5
i would chew more gum if they stopped putting aspartame in every single piece, regardless of "sugar free" labels. i miss chewing gum but i am horrendously allergic to chemical sweeteners
you lost me at calling gum, food this isn't Mexico
i have not seen a pack of 5 gum in at least 10 years, it disappeared from my mind, until youtube presented me with this video
14 to 25 y.o. male status seekers? Sounds like the people they tryna put in charge of Social Security and IRS. We'd probably be better off if they stuck to participating in chewing gum marketing focus groups.
Watermelon will always be my favorite flavor
How did I miss all those ads made in am era where people stopped watching TV??🤔🤔🤔
Pedro pascal?
ah Pedro Pascals lil brother does YT? wild
I chew gum because it stops me from grinding my teeth, thats about it. I just like 5's flavor otherwise I'd chew literally anything else
19:18 Gänsehaut
How it chews to gum 5 feels-  gum gum 🌀👄🌀  U ok? XD  Sense ur stimulate-
Honestly, pivoting to gamers makes the most sense for 5 gum. If anything they need to just go full force into that and make it more available. Maybe do team ups with Gfuel or include codes for Call of Duty or Assassins Creed.
Holy shit this guy is annoying
Really wish the title said: "5 Gum: *How it Feels to* Completely Annihilate Your Brand Image"
Listen, regardless of how the campaign ended, I still remember the commercials. So I guess to some degree, it worked.
i like your mustache
Not gonna lie, I really like how you ended his video... "They need to remind us how it feels to chew 5 Gum".
Hey, Andrew Tate has women and you have a gay mustache and a CRT monitor.
I graduated highschool in 2007,,,I remember the commercials being DOPE af!!!!  It definitely was a hit bc it was the go to gum for my group of friends!!
I used to steal boxes of these and sell the packs for 5 bucks and singles for 50 cents in high school
i remember when they had a pack of 5 Gum on the setlist screen of guitar hero iii
*gets sucker punched in the balls by 5 gum CEO* "Stimulate your senses."
Whatever you say Peter Pascal
I sometimes wonder if corporations selling stuff and marketers are aliens from outer space.
Could never figure out WTF 5 was all about, but basically the ever increasing price of gum just killed it as a product category to bother with
I always thought this gum was for adults and that it contained steroids hence why the ridiculous commercials that look ripped out of the movie Pandorum 😂😂
evere seen that ad of the kid breaking his arm?
I still chew accent flavor
I do chew gum while playing so i dont eat any junkfood. My discord has sound filter so nobody is gonna notice as long as i dont chew like a horse. I find it a good solution towards not eating too much junkfood.
I remember the commercials a kid and man...they were so good and made me always want to try new flavors
ah yes, canadian pedro pascal
Not gonna lie you earned a subscription with this one man. Never seen your content before, look forward to seeing more:)
Thank for the free promo for 5 gum, I’m gonna go buy some now 👍
I've been chewing rain ever since it came out. It's my go to.
Mountain Dew is about to follow in their footsteps.
14:35 The thing is here the claim with their gum helping focus is true. It’s because it’s gum. Gum in general improves focus. It’s not improving focus because it is 5 Gum and it’s not improving focus more than any other brand of gum.  It just helps because it is gum. Just in case anyone was ever curious.
Never tried it and thought the ads were shit 😂
chewing 5 gum right now while getting recommended this video.
They forgot the one truth, people just want to have an enjoyable experience. Something people in the media cannot understand.
For a second there I thought Pedro pascal made a video about 5 gum.
I remember playing Spider-Man 3 on the ps2 and saw 5 gum billboards 😂😂 I was going crazy as a kid😂😂
This man just made me sit here and listen to a 20 minute video about gum. Gotta hit subscribe.
uh I actually chew gum while gaming, but I do have my mic off or don’t chew like a damn cow 😂
I remember seeing the commercials as a kid and thinking they looked really painful, and becoming a little afraid of 5 gum
Good breakdown brother
whoever put together those first commercials together was very talented.
Respawn was actually pretty good im ngl
My mom used to think that the gum had caffeine in it so she wouldn’t buy it for me 😢
Lets not forget the Facebook porn 5 gum "ads" random people made.😂
5 Gum was staple in every school across America
Don’t even use gum anymore lol just slap a wintergreen 6mg Zyn in 😂
The limited edition 5gum was on different level of coolness 😎 girls would love to get gum from me 😅😂😂😂 cool way to make friends 5gum ❤
Nobody's gonna talk about how he looks like that one guy 🤔 from narcos 😂
"How it chews to gum five feels, gum gum, sense your stimulates."
Я помню как они появились в ларьках и всем они нравились. Месяца два. А потом все забили ну или тип того. Нам кст было лет по 8-9
5 gum was fire. And yes, i was 16 when it came out, lol.
The commercial for Rain made me assume it had something to do with the vibrational senses of the droplets, something about the man being suspended between the cables must be related to this concept. Otherwise, it is nonsensical.
I was going to go buy a pack to bring back the memories. changed my mind when I found out they changed their slogan. #StimulateTheSenses
What a wild ride.
😂😂😂 5 Gum totally missed the mark with its demographic.
5 gum packaging was so good I could trick my friends it was condoms 😂😂😂😂
Huh interesting…I never saw any commercials (grew up in another country) and yet I’ve always been intrigued by that packaging every time I’m on a check out line. Only reason I don’t buy it is because I never buy anything from that line. But even then the packaging alone is great marketing.
My middle school experience consisted of 5 gum, axe body spray (way too much), and the ipod touch.
My favorite was the way that Wrigley adverts in Britain in the late 1990s used to claim that chewing their gum reduced your chance of cavities by generating saliva... But reading the small print admitted that the real data was that their sugar-free gum caused fewer cavities than sugared gum, but still caused more cavities than chewing no gum at all. 😅
Your voice reminds me of how to train your dragon kid or something. Kinda nice.
All im saying is that it was cool to chew this gum 😂
Watching those old commercials would make me feel like a kid again.😞📺
lol I was teenager & got sucked into them with the ads. Haven't chewed gum in like a decade or close to it. Bro your editing was cool
So THATS where 5 gum went :3
You didn’t have a real Christmas in 2008 if you didn’t wake up with a massive pack of 5 gum and multiple cans of axe body spray in your stocking
Everyone had this gum in middle school I always hated every flavor tho and why did you put the percentage sign before the number?
How it feels to chew 5 gum
Who smacks their lips 👄 that much when chewing gum I gross 🤢 myself out if I was chewing gum like that
Great video but Gum isn’t food
RPM was soooo good
@17:26 "Francois from Lipsmackers" i was not expecting an OG Longmont Potion Castle reference in this video
Missed opportunities to push it in movies (esp superhero like the Marvel ones), athletes, and gaming way earlier Should've taken the Redbull route  That said, although bizarre, I applaud them for trying out a bunch of things in hopes of finding something that works when they realized what they had wasn't quite working. Although they lost too much along the way lol
They’d have been far better off leaning into the memes like Slim Jim does, rather than taking themselves as seriously as they did.
I am an electrician, and I chew gum all day every day. I have no tooth sensitivity at 36 years old.
The packaging was pretty cool tbh
You look like pedro pascal if he chewed all flavours of 5 gum at the same time.
Okay i cant sit on this one... "no ones ever made jewelry out of gum before" is the biggest lie ive seen. Who hasnt played with their gum as a little kid and made little rings out of it? I definitely did. Only with sugarfree one's tho cuz they dont leave behind stickyness
At least they still have cool package design and haven't gone minimalist!
Gonna be honest...I kinda want some 5 gum now.
I use to peel off the foil and stick it to my skateboard cause they had really colorful wrappers
This was my go-to gum brand back in the day. I don't chew gum anymore, but if I still did, I would go with 5, lol.
I remember those stupid ads and thinking how stupid would you have to be to buy this gum? the ads were like a warning to stay away unless you want look like a complete twat...it always looked some weird cheap Eastern European product to me based on the ads
5 Gum wasn‘t just a chewing gum. It was an experience. At least that’s what their ads wanted you to believe.
Nearly 8 minutes into the video is when the actual intro begins. Which is nearly half way through the video by the way. Great job. Round of applause for wasting everyone's time not only with a terrible subject but also with a terrible format
There are only like 3 flavors available now miss the black one😅
If they simply went back to their 1 gen(if i can call it that) commercials. Then their popularity would have skyrocketed again.
All 5 Gum was known for in my school at the time were "The ones that make you shit real bad". I had one of the weirdest experiences with these things, it literally gone from out the packet gum form to disintegrating into what felt like sand in my mouth in seconds. It was awful and I'm still not sure why it happened like that since it wasn't that old and only bought a day or two prior. There was nothing to chew, it felt like it completely broke down and desolved. Was also the last time I actually had one.
I remember being really invested in the early 5 gum commercials, only to then find out it was that, a commercial💀💀
not sure if it's been mentioned before but bro looks exactly pedro pascal with perhaps a note nick fuentes
dude can't chew gum as an adult XD
Remember the whisper? Ha. I graduated in 08. Definitely big.
Not the whiniest of voices, no coloured hair, good video presentation. Subscribe.
Dude I miss the old 5 Gum ads. I agree that the whole thing about stimulated sense is what makes them stand out. You could make a mini series or plot out of these Tron-like verses. I like gum ads about life-relating aspects too but these ads would’ve been better on other gum/mint brands.
This is my first video I’m seeing of yours and I must say, you look like a young Pedro Pascal Edit: 3:09 This was just perfect
Well and nowadays I can only buy dragees in Germany. Not the oldschool chewing gums
This meme was everywhere
is that a swampletics OSRS poster i see in the back?
The axe spray thing works in more ways than one. Idk how to explain it but it tastes like it too. Like axe smells good, kind of. But it’s WAYYYYY too much. That’s what 5 gum is
Aye man do you have a marketing company cause I need a job lol. You had my convinced I can do better than them lol
I removed the elixir flavor being my favorite gum when I was a child
With the Respawn Gum, it also has 95 mg of caffeine per serving. Funny enough, I never knew it was from the makers of 5 gum. There was many days I spent going through whole packs of Respawn to get through long workdays
How it chews to gum 5 feels. Gum gum. Senses your stimulate
17:26 if someone chews gum or eats like that, you shouldn’t be eating around the mic in the first place. Learn to chew with your mouth closed or turn off your mic. I personally chew gum most of the time when I am gaming, gives me something to do while I game, but point is at least have some courtesy to chew with mouth closed.   Also I personally get standard gum like 5 or Extra but not no gamers gum… kinda pointless lmao
17:48 a lot of people. I chew gum when playing calmer games like Minecraft. Also, chewing gum does NOT make that loud of a sound unless you’re actively trying to make that sound.
That felt like an advertisement that had a little back hand behind it then the pick me up at the end. 😂  And i enjoyed it.
surprise, when cigarettes vanish gum sales vanish
How could you leave out all the how it feels to chew 5 gum memes that people made that was the best part about it all
Me at 14 years old, sprayed axe like it was shower in a can, drank monster until my friend died of it, and I chewed 5 gum any chance I got. Yep, target market achieved.
I didnt know pedro pascal had a youtube channel
Funny story. In 2014-2015ish i used to run some larger twitter accounts, usually parody type accounts. Well, one day I created a parody account that was just "What it feels like to chew 5 gum" along side some relevant, meme-like photo. The account was accually growing well, reaching about 50,000 followers in a month or so. Then, randomly, I got a C&D in the mail from Wrigley saying I had to take the account down lol. I always thought it was kinda silly on their part as the account wasnt malicious and if anything it was just free advertising, though I suppose they dont want a random account branded to look like their own, becoming popular if they dont have control over the content.
Marketing was so good that I only buy that gum to this day.  Business/marketing strategy was and still is insane.
Thats crazy af, literally when you said "the axe body spray of gum" i was scrolling down and came across your axe video 😂😂😂
I don't know if this was just a local thing but my high school track team chewed quite a bit of gum and the two most popular lines were RESPAWN and Quench. Part of the reason i think respawn took off was this sale campaign that they did with the Kwik Star/Trip gas station chain
you remind me of that kid in highschool who swears i knew him somehow
5 gum doesn’t make you feel like Batman
dramatic much?
I only remember the memes about the gum, more than I do about the actual product.
I rolled a lot of weed in five gum wrappers if you know you know 😂
The gaming tactic is in factpretty wrong even in scientific regards. As i heard some time ago, in some cases, soldiers might chew guns to not having to hear the loud explotions around the filed, so if youre a gamer and start chewing gun, maybe that would decrease  your chances to know whats going on by hearing  during  gameplay
Man, I was 12 in 2007 and 5 Gum was the peak gum to get. I always got rain, and people would put the wrapper on their teeth like a grill, and the kewl kidz would use the pack as a wallet lol
you know what, this is almost like an ad for 5 gum, the nostalgia of this makes me want to go out and buy some
I used to loveee this gum !
Crazy. Never noticed any of this. Always bought 5 gum because of the memes, chew it for the breath and plaque reduction whenever I forget to brush or eat.  Been doing so for 10 years. Won't stop anytime soon.
It literally looks like axe
He look like Pedro pascal
watching this is how it feels to chew 5 gum
I know this vid is about 5 but can we talk about how extra removed the little gel balls they had in the polar ice gum. I mess those things
This has to be the weirdest 5 gun commercial Ive seen
11:17 if anyone did that at my skatepark 😅 wish ya the best of luck people don’t like when u sesh one spot…let alone dancing in the way🤣
i bought so much 5 gum as a kid holy hell
The GUm!?
the more executives try to squeeze every last dime out of a product the more people can see through the thinly veiled desperate attempt at making money
They wanted to pander to gamers with a new name and. . . Lamer packaging??? The Respawn boxes are so boring compared to the edgy black *5* boxes, why on earth would I buy those over the cooler ones?
5 Gum Market was so successful that the "how it feel to chew 5 Gum" memes appeared in my country, a country that didn't even have 5 Gum  I'm very surprised that they replaced such successful advertisement for....The lamest things possible
Honestly, gum is a good replacement for vaping.
The precursor of "go woke go broke"
Wait huh it’s pedo pascal??
5 gum was Axe spray but gum... Also he said that as I was typing it. The matrix is broken.
Lol those original surreal ads are so memorable they still come to mind whenever I see or hear anything related to 5 gum. I totally agree they should have stuck with that style if they wanted their product to have a recognizable image and style.
Not to offend, but why is it that you look as if someone gave Pedro Pascal a faulty de-aging serum that only works halfway. Like, how does someone end up looking like some chimera that's simultaneously a combination of a newborn and a fifty year old man.
The only thing I know about 5 gum is that it spawned some very funny memes
I think the stock footage is really just something meant to make the presentation less bland. The high fiving in the meeting is accurate lol.
Some people have their cigarette brand that they smoke almost exclusively. I do the same but with blue 5 gum. Lol
bringing 5gum to school was a  death sentence back then 😂 all gone within 2 minutes
17:11 Chips are so much worse than chewing gum. I had a friend we called Crunchy, and  he crunched that bag of Ruffles down like Bugs Bunny on a carrot. Maybe he should have had gum, it was so bloody loud!
0:10   3 19 is when the video actually starts
it worked tbh i and my mom would buy them
I personally blame school teachers giving students lengthy detentions or detention during lunch. For simply bringing gum to school. A lot of the people I knew over the years at the schools I attended stopped bring gum all together. The popular choice then was of course 5 Gum.
I really think that there ist more to it Like International Marketing. Over Here in germany 5 gum took Off in Like 2009-2011 so a few years behind. And in those early days there where only 4 flavours. You Had to order all the cool stuff from the us wich Made it way more rare than a gum needs to be
Who chews gum when gaming?  Me:👀👀👀
As a Marketing major and just general fan of brands (specifically the CPG world) this video hit so hard... YouTube is beautiful, this video is beautiful. Well done
Love the video but I am one of the guys that chews while I game 🤣 luckily discords noise cancelation works beautifully
1:50 i was just gonna comment that
Hey, the marketing worked. I chewed nothing but 5 all through college and got every new flavor that released.  The early 2000s were an amazing time, I actually feel sorry for so many kids that will have never experienced it. I'd be willing to bes most of your viewers were born 2009 and up
I used to get every flavor and collect the boxes 😅
There's over 9k comments on here so mayhaps someone has said it already, but chewing anything can keep your focus up, like fidget toy in a way. Gum is easy and less messy than some options. Same kinda deal if you have something crunchy like pretzels or peanuts for a long drive to keep you more awake.
Bros a professional hater
Really exaggerated the chewing in that call brother. It’s not that big a deal
This was the best ad for five gum ive seen in 10 years.
"5 is the gateway to intriguing e experiences" PHRASING!
As a foreigner who only knew the meme “How it feels to chew 5 gum”, I was so excited to see it actually sold in stores. I bought the mint one, thinking it would be absurdly minty and was ready to be obliterated by it.   …it was just fine.  I mean… it was nice… but… 🥲
5 gum really was the coolest fucking thing for YEARS in school, for absolutely no reason lmfao. Shit was like $3 a pack BACK IN THE DAY.  Or in other words, that shit got stolen a lot😂
My buddy loved 5 gum so much he took his Nintendo DS briefcase and filled it with gum.
The other day I was thinking about Linus Tech Tips doing the gum review with Twomad lol
I used to buy these in bulk and whip them out in class lol everyone came to me for gum. I initially bought it for the packaging, and then fell in love with the flavour. I didn't even know about their crazy ads and campaign until after I got into the gum
Pe... pedro?
"How it feels to chew 5 gum“ was so powerful it became a literal meme back in the day and sometimes people still use it
I forgot this gum existed and how I actually bought a lot of it and liked it just no idea when I gave up on it
Gamer gum, huh? Helps you focus, you say? That's neat. Now please excuse me while I put these nicotine pouches behind my lip.
Really feel like this video could’ve been 5 minutes long and still explain everything needed.
I've tried them only once and they tasted so ugly I throw away the rest.
how it chews to gum five feels. gum gum. sense your stimulate
I could never uderstand that gum i refused to buy it because if the ads
The only decent chewing gums left are Icebreakers "Ice cubes" and Mentos "Pure Fresh" and they aren't that great as they lose flavour after 2-3 minutes. BUT they have wintergreen flavour which is the best and somehow rarest chewing gum flavour.
to be honest, id rather chew some gum over my bottom lip when concentrating 😂
Never bought one of those since the packaging doesnt look yummy
I'm still going to eat hubba bubba no matter how old I am
10:54 *C R I N G E*
Respawn was actually yummy
Slim Pedro Pascal
Okay bro, I love you, but why you got an 80s porn stache?
I'll admit it, Master Chief on anything sells it for me.
I maybe had like 2 packs of 5gum in my entire life and now i dont even see it in the shelves anymore xD
I just remeber the memes. Watching a plane crash, how it feels to chew 5 gum.
I distinctly remember these add years later
I don’t know what’s worse, the fall of 5 gum, the video that was made about the fall, or the fact that I enjoyed and agree with the video. 😂
still use it, best peppermint gum and long lasting
idk why but I really liked the Flare flavour, I don't remember it anymore but I do want to try it again all these years later.
5gum was sacred currency at my school in 2007
17:34 Is this genuinely how you chew gum? You’re the problem there bro, not the gum.
watching this video while chewing gum
Who else was more of a stride person during the great gum wars?
Didn't know agent peña had a yt channel
why do i feel like Wrigleys is Israeli
they managed to make chewing gum not cool for kids.. so there is that
Pedro is that you?
was so waiting for the disclaimer "this video was sponsored by wrigley" in superspeed right at the end lol
Why does this guy look like Idubbz but with a job?
all aside are the gums good?
I remember someone from my high school sold 5 Gum because so many people asked him for some - it was the little things in life
The people just noticed that they dont want to spend 2,50€ on some gum.  5gum was always the best at memes. XDD
Personally I always preferred orbit more than 5. It lasted longer while chewing. Simple as that.
They had the perfect opportunity to just pull a Red Bull and start sponsoring ridiculous dangerous adrenaline filled events
the good ending would ve been the traditional no sugar , healthy gum , for hikers :_)_
its my favorite gum, I loved the orange one ... and they stopped them ..... all of them.... I like only the stripes and the new ones are abominable ....
big mistake they didnt start making vapes for the same age group lol
honestly that discord call made me never watch an other video of you never again
20 minute video and not one mention of the memes
Wait until you hear about Jaguar
Just wanted to comment that you remind me of a young Pedro Pascal. Neat video btw.
i still have some 5 gum packages flying around here, of course empty but the packaging itself was kinda cool to collect
i use gum to calm my anxiety, I don't need it to stimulate shit..
If a girl asked for gum in 2007 and you brought out a 5 gum pack wnd share a stick of it. You were a stick of gum short. But god dsmn it IT WAS COOL.
the fact that "how it feels to chew 5 gum" is still being used in memes and jokes shows how good of a slogan it was, absoutely criminal to change it. that being said the dissapearance of gum didn't actually strike me until summer of 2023 when I got on a plane for the first time in years. I wanted to buy some gum to equalize the ear pressure up in the air. At the grocery store I realized I had a hard time finding any gum whatsoever, I realized that almost all of the brands I knew and used to chew as a kid were gone. Was truly a weird moment
Kangkang, the star player that won the Valorant championships chews gum for staying calm and focusing, its not weird but it is niche
Dawg how soft do you have to be to not want to hang a picture? Jesus.
hear me out on this, respawn  with nicotine! now that will make you focus xD
budget pedro pascal
tbh I gotta admit that I do sometimes chew gum while playing competitive games, as it helps me focus (and when I'm not chewing gum I usually chew on the inside of my cheeks)
This guy is coffeezillaa😂
I have never seen these adverts or this product but apparently I’m watching this video 😅
osrs lol
Lush was my favorite flavor
Mate i think everyone that used to eat those stole them  Theyre really easy to conceal  Dudes used to come out with like 5packs and youre like man those are expensive and they dont ever have money  All they bought was a 35p euroshopper energy drink and they oeft with £10 of shit 😂
The failed rebrand most likely coincides exactly with when their marketing department became majority female.
My only concept of 5 gum turns out to be old dated marketing that other people probably don't associate 5 gum with. Man I feel old, I did not know they switched up their marketing prior to this video. This shits wild bro 🥲
I think good marketing for a gum brand would be to be rly over the top in another, more stupid way.  Don't claim to improve performance or cognition or social connection or whatever.  Be dumb.  Eat Dumb Gumb (tm).
Commercials in 00s were so much better and unique. Nowadays it's all the same soulless boring family friendly shit.
5 gum was so cool when i was in high school, then i grew up lol
Every day slow start strays further from pedro pascal
Thank you Pedro pascal for this video
ummmmmmm im like 900% sure the black guy around 12:40-12:50 is the dude from the philly YERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR video lol
you look like a cut down version of pedro pascal
why is pedro pascal talking to me about gum
Why didn't they just market it as gum with extreme flavors for gamers that like energy drinks to help with gamer's fidgeting or mouth boredom habits? They could've collaborated with Monster Energy, Celsius or Reign. :l
The rocker with the gum hanging out his mouth made me not want to eat it ever again just a gross image
when i was little bc of the ads and the packaging i thought it was condoms
oh yeah, the Joeseppi style i love that
First time in a while I’ve been impressed by a YouTube video, loved that
You were the shit in school if you had 5 gum or trident layers to share lol
My main memory of 5 gum is someone telling me they had created edible paper so I never bothered unwrapping the individual sticks before chewing them
All the guys in my middle school would separate the foil from the wrappers and stick it on our binders. One dude had all his binders covered- he was the alpha
huba buba is the shit
the loss of orange flavor and the decline in quality during the mid 2010s is a real crime. i remember in 2008 when my friend and i joked about the name actually referring to the gum's flavor lasting for 5h. now you chew for 10 minutes and the stuff liquifies. why??
Clicked for the gum, didn't expect surprise Pedro Pascal.
This video just got recommended to me and figured I watch cause I like these documentary/case-study videos. I Subbed bro. I find you hilarious. The content was great as well, keep it up
"Who chews gum while playing video games?" Me, who had just started chewing some gum midway through this video while playing Dark Souls because it made me want some: 🥴
i used to chew gum when i played counter strike and tekken competitively because i would sometimes subconsciously stop breathing during tense situations and it was a good way to keep from doing that and i've known other competitive players who've done the same, so i guess you could consider it fairly niche
As a kid, I used to chew gum, but then I discovered video games, So now I dont
17:38 the gum is so intense that Krisp can't filter it out
the best part is i don't even really think about the gum. I just think "how it feels to chew 5 gum" anytime i see a fat person injuring themselves, or a waiter spilling an entire tray of drinks, or a Kid who doesn't know how to do a back flip trying to do a back flip for the first time
WOKE (women) ruined 5 Gum
Ironic youtube recommended this and your second channel video to me
In my country 5Gum replaced their strips with these off-putting weird big dices of gum. They come in a pillbox not even fitting in your pocket anymore and are way too overpriced. Ever since, I am not buying 5gum anymore.
They straight up marketed 5gum as a psychedelic.
Thanks Pedro Pascal light. Very cool
5 gum was the Prime of my middle school days lmfao
Five just had a legitimate long lasting flavor, thats truthfully why it stuck out over all the others for so long.  Like I remember I chewed a piece throughout the SATs and it still have flavor afterwards and I was shocked lol.
You know, shutting your mouth while chewing will stop the sound issue...
the how it feels to jump into a volcano to, i do fortnite dances in skateparks is crazy
good video thank you pedro "twink" pascall
Wrigley's better be taking notes right now
Idk if marketing was an issue more than the fact that everybody got sick of it turning into literal mush after “5” minutes
If you had 5 gum, chocolate axe body spray, a apple iPod touch with the headphones sticking out of your shirt collar, and art/ stickers on your binder you were the coolest dude in 7th-8th grade.
Bravo what an ending 👏👏👏
Rain tasted like the bomb tho, the orange one too.
which brand isnt infamous for rebranding to gaming? razer is not alone with it. in fact. recently they STEPPED down with this shit.
instead of making mints , they sabotaged themselves LMAO
I love the trying to be too cool and edgeness back then but now a days we never get that kind of stuff anymore. Trying to be too cool now a day gives off cringe to a lot of people now a days.
You chew gum with your mouth open???? Were you raised in a barn???
17:36 you dont have to exaggerate it that much ☠
If I was a dictator, I would ban ad campaigns, companies shouldn't be allowed to psychologically manipulate people into buying their shit at all.  Then again, I'd ban all digital and online ads, no more billboards, no more youtube ads, no more commercials, ALL ads will be physical signs outside of the relevant location.
If I was a dictator, I would ban ad campaigns, companies shouldn't be allowed to psychologically manipulate people into buying their shit at all.  Then again, I'd ban all digital and online ads, no more billboards, no more youtube ads, no more commercials, ALL ads will be physical signs outside of the relevant location.
rain is being suspended while in a cloud
5 gum war schwer angesagt damals
proof of concept  that 10 seconds of chewing got a dislike
we need the "How it feels to chew 5 Gum" commercials back , its so much meme potental and if they start with that again i think the internet would make it popular for them again
If something happens with Pedro Pascal and he can't act anymore, get this guy.
16:30 issue with this is that, sure some micronutrients will help with "focus". It all depends on the dosages. most of these products don't have dosages anywhere near the amount required to gain the benefits from. Like adding vitamins to protein powder or pre workout lol, absolutely garbage.
Wrigley, it was just gum! 🤣🤣🤣  It's Master System Pictionary all over again.  😆😆😆
17:30 So... you are the kind that chew bubblegum with an open mouth? That wasn't the own you thought it would be.
This is the best example of why fix what's not broken? They managed to carve a brand recognition thanks to a pretty cool ad campaign. All they had to do from there on out was to keep riding that wave. But naaaaah.
Does anyone know the song at 14:15
Companies trying to market with "social issues" is so cringey and fake to me that I'm immediately turned off. Maybe I'm the minority.
6:36 To... chewse from you say? 😎
Damn bro Stop shitting on gum so bad Also no one chews that loud
How you saying half a decade, not FIVE years hahah
Buddy chill. take a breath
Omg the internal marketing vid is giving "hello, fellow kids!" 🤣
Go woke, go broke
17:28 nobody ever chews gum like this unless they're 3 years old.
I completely forgot about 5 gum
What's the opposite of adrenaline?   That's the aura of our current society.    In
Youre chewing the gum like a 5 year old
I want some gum now
4:13 for some reason it just feels like portal
heres how they come back. become the villain and the hero at the same time. make a commercial "what it feels like to chew 5 gum" camera just watching some guy in middle of street and than ALLAHUH ACKBAR!!! *boom he goes*. 5 gum logo appears over the smoke where the man once stood. considering how many terror videos are online of this should be easy to pull the clip and use it for an ad especially since the dead cant sue for use of their content.
The gum was good though
5:08   NOOOO! You ruined it! The illusion is gone now 😭
13:34 How it feels to own 5 Gum.
I find it helps to lock in and perform better when I have something like listening to music or chewing gum. It is actually possible to chew quietly in a vc.
As a gum addict myself I prefer extra and I do consume the most gum while gaming.
when i read "stimulate your senses" i heard it in my head lmfao i forgot about this gum entirely tbh
not gonna lie, i personally kinda like having something to gnaw on while playing games. gum doesn't normally last that long, though i've sat down for a grind session in Warframe with sunflower seeds on a few occasions. i got one of those weird mouse-shaped keyboard things so there's an empty space between my hands that's perfect for a cup to spit the shells into anyway
The amount of axe body spray i inhaled during that era probably still resides in my sinuses today.
how it chews to gum 5 feels
Turns out Five Gum caused brain rot
5 did well initially I think in part because of movies like the Matrix- with it's edgy, dark, futuristic atmosphere.   Those commercials stuck with me as I was a teen back then and loved that kind of surreal stuff.  I faintly remember the regrets one and thought what the hell does this have to do with gum? I don't remember the other ads.  As for the product itself, I can care less about ads, but the flavors were interesting, I haven't bought it in years, but sad to hear a bunch of flavors were axed. I've been buying full sugar gum instead of xylitol gum.
HUBBA BUBBAS FOR BABIES- this is heresy
13:49 As soon as you finished saying "... pandering to gamers," I got a "hey gamers" Lenovo ad lmao
14:35 Sony pony’s will buy anything near a Sony logo.
I remember when the original commercials came out and I was increasingly confused by what was being advertised but thought it looked cool. Ad agencies need to be fired out of a canon, they are all PC crap.
What a neat and special video about gum great job thanks for sharing
It seems like they went from "chewing 5 gum feels like getting fucked" to "chewing 5 gum will get you fucked"
remind us how it feels 😂😂 real
Fr tho. Who chews gum like dude in the discord.
lmao the rebrand is just to go woke and thus go broke  saved you 20 minutes of your life
Watermelon flavour was king. I didnt mess around with any other.. it brings back raw memories of high school. Ill be sad if it's discontinued in Australia.  I don't eat it religiously like i did back then. But i still pick up a pack here and there.
How does it feel to chew 5 gum? *smashes pinky toe* Stimulate your senses.
Pedro Pascal jumpscare
Damn, I haven't seen this stuff in ages
good old razer slop
Hello Pedro Pascal
"What is that... :| "  "What?! It's Gum!"  R.I.P. Me bro. I died. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
As someone who hasn't watched or paid attention to an ad in any form since 2005 or let it influence how I determine my purchases in life, it is always interesting to see how normies and weak minds are captivated by this kind of thing. It must be successful because "marketing" and the fact they are still around, but being solicited to in order to figure out what you 'need' is why we have these fake TikToks for idiotic or generic things we have never needed to be told we needed to buy, it was just understood innately. Interesting case study on the buffoonery of how corpos vye for market share by devaluing and quantifying people based on demographics.
I haven't had 5 gum since 2012 back in high school. Just had to Google it to see if they were still a thing 😂 Thought they were a fad like TAG body spray
I was in middle/high school during the peak. It was very much the axe of gum. Edit: Also the name will forever be "Five gum" and not "Five" to me. Their own fault for those damn ads
that is THE most mom poster ever
I definitely liked the original marketing. Back when I worked retail in high school and university I was buying a pack a week.
4:04 Idk maybe swerve tastes like "a tangy to sweet tropical" flavor? Says it right there
Hubba bubba is so much better
Gamer soap huh…
I sat through this video chewing extra gum the entire time lmao
How do you not have millions of subs!? I love you!!!! Give me your mustache!!!! Let me kiss you!!!!!
Oh, to be 10 again and thinking gum was cool
Just saying, if the idea is to chew gum when you’re anxious or about to do something significant or rebellious, then…I’ll just buy whatever other gum? It has nothing to do with 5 to begin with, the earlier ads actually had to do with the experience of 5
When I was a kid I always wanted to try 5Gum. Now it doesnt exist anymore and I have never tried it hahaah!
These are still some of the most memorable adverts of the early 2000s. I struggle to remember any others TBH.
Dude 5 gum actaully tasted so good too. Best gum I've ever had, I miss it.
While we’re on the topic “BRING BACK GUACAMOLE DORITOS, LAYS‼️”
17:35 me when i force the bit to orove a point. Like fr man, no one on the face if the planet chews anything like that, even your friends didnt know how to play the bit off
I watched this whole video just to prove to myself that I would guess the last sentence correctly.
I thought this video would be about 5 Gum memes but I didn't expect to go down this rabbit hole.
What really struck me about 5 was the quality of the packaging
4:26 ever tried sliding down a bobsled run naked?
why are you trying to look like pedro pascal
When five gum came out I was in middle school and it was so popular that we would buy all three flavors and mix them all into the same pack so whenever a friend asked for gum they could choose any flavor they wanted. Then the other flavors came out I think the first new flavor that came out was the watermelon one but I can’t remember what it was actually called.
You look like a slightly younger Pedro Pascal.
I’ll be honest I clicked to hate watch but I found myself genuinely laughing I’m subscribing
SWAMPLETICS!!!
they always put a black skinny with puffy sheep hairs in their stupid ads or movies or serials
Holy crap is that Pedro Pascal!?!?!
Love how you claim that it is a stretch to claim that vitamin B is performance enhancing, while at the same time peddling the most obvious misinformation that energy drinks do enhance performance.
This is so sad. I hate gum but literally bought this because the original commercials worked so well. I literally watched the old commercials on YouTube because they were so cool. Thankfully I’m out of tough with the real world and never experienced any of these other commercials.
funnily enough, as a kid these commercials always made me feel rather meh and actively made me want to not try out 5 gum at all
There have been studies that show that the simple act of chewing gum can increase focus and concentration, added with the B vitamins and such I’d believe that the “gamer gum” would help somewhat. It ain’t gonna make you MLG but it “should” help
Andrew Tate is as close to human trash as we will ever come
5 gum tasted like flavored battery acid
5 gum still slaps
What does gum have to do with video games 😆
I actually really liked this video a lot.  I never thought id be laughing so hard about 5 gum.
The xxx how it feels to chew 5 gum meme ads were always my favorite
Don’t know how the gum improves your gaming experience but I love chewing the respawn gum when writing essays n things(I find them at Walmart consistently)
During discord  or any other voice chat, sure. Gum chewing sounds disgusting. But thinking people just sit in discord voice chat all day long is weirder than the idea of chewing gum and playing a video game.  Also you've got to have more than one piece of gum in your mouth if you're smacking that hard. Also open mouth chewing of gum or food, makes me want to smack people in the face with a fish. So maybe let's not go with that, because it's overall pretty disingenuous.
Having chewed gum on a discord call, most people won't hear it as most gum chewers do not chew lpudly.and smack their lips. Hell, we gamers literally eat far more obnoxious shit when gaming and in VOIP/Discord calls.  That's the one take I simply can't agree with. Otherwise everything else was spot on.
Bro Noone chews like that!
Totaly worked on me i chewed so much 5 gum back in middle school... I work in sales and to this day I refer to anything that sells because of sleek packaging as the 5 gum effect.
bro holy hell pedro pascal jumpscare
i would buy it tho
why did gum sales tank? Because they took the sugar out. stopped eating it once it was full of poison
You can actually pinpoint the moment they fired their creative head who gave the gum their own unique character, and replaced him with a soulless corpo suit with "relateable" "hello fellow kids, how you doing"- ads.
I did not realize 5 Gum did rebrands, I only remember the "stimulate your senses" era - I have no clue how this flew under my radar especially because I REMEMBER some of the "life happens in 5" commercials too
I made my mom get the wholesale packs. I would share it with my friends and we discovered that the wrappers would rub of the tint off our skin so we would have these crazy fights doing that at the table 😊
Gum itself is just outdated. People are more likely to go for mints because you don’t have to spit it out later and it doesn’t lose its flavor at some point. As long as that’s true, 5 Gum will be in a downward trending spiral without the money to make itself seem relevant.
Bro you sound like Adam from the Goldbergs. I was cleaning my grill and you auto played and I was like "why is ‘Adam’ talking about gum marketing?” Anyway, great video!
Professional Cs2 Player Twistzz always eats chewing gum during games tho
The irony that Wrigley never thought to ride on the anti nicotine wave.
1:46 As a guy who refused to chew anything other than 5 gum when he was in middle school and highschool. Ihave mever been more offended by something I 100% agree with.
I miss the one that tasted like redbull
Can confirm ,was a middle school boy who ate 5 gum and wore axe
Anyone else here always thought the original 5 gum commercials felt like the Resident Evil movies?
Me and my buddies Cesar and Brian made a five gum commercial for our high school . What’s up bros hope yall see this
1st... i tried the gums when they came out, very boring... never bought them again...  2nd... if you are unable to hammer a nail into a wall... I doubt you are the right person to cover these topics... takes 3 hammer strikes to get it into the wall... depending ont he hardness... if you can not do that, how can you turn on a pc and use it?
Yeah that all sucks and all, but their cardinal sin was discontinuing the berry flavor. That was THE GUM that every kid begged you for in school when i was a teen.
I loved 5 gum back in the day I thought it was a badass independent brand lol 😅  I still think it's good gum!
5 Gum had a wild grip on my middle school when it first came out. My buddies and i eventually got to a point that we wouldn’t chew anything else except for 5 Cobalt. Everything else was uncool. Even other 5 Gum flavors.
I always chew gum while playing multiplayer games it helps me focus  Chewing that loud on purpose was the real stretch 🥲
Thats crazy because i like 5 gum for its lesser mint flavor that doesnt smack the fuck out of my tastebuds
Pandering to gamers? Historically, that's been a great idea. Mountain dew attaching themselves to halo 3 back in the day and selling it as gamer fuel had to be one of the most profitable stunts any beverage company had done in decades. Now the way the business have pandered to the LQBTQ community,  that is the opposite end of that spectrum.
Genuinely if they wanted to boost their sales, I’m surprised they don’t try to do the same kind of marketing that Red Bull does.   How does it feel to chew 5 gum? Like snowboarding down the Swiss alps. Like the sports angle I feel would’ve been a waaaay better angle for their marketing.
The only reason I still remember 5gum, aside from being a consumer once, were the "How it feels to chew 5gum" memes, there were HUGE back in the day, even in Europe
I'm pretty sure everyone in the military remembers 5 gum for the commercial that showed the roughest throat fuck anyone has ever seen. Lol
I want flare back
I remeber the whole Yungblud chewing gum necklace thing, thinking it was just Yungblud losing *his* brand identity. 5 did such a bad job at marketing themselves that I didn't even realise it was them missing the mark to begin with :']
As a French dude who never knew about this gum, i now understand where the meme is from and why i've never heard about it at the same time. Thank you
Why is young pedro pascal explaining to me how one of the most well known gum brands collapsed due to their sh*tty marketing
this was such a fascinating video bc i remember those commercials so well but i had no idea the path it took
not just gum, but gum af. i'm pretty sure i had a box of this gum once, but i can't remember if i bought it or if it was included in that box of goodies when i sold all my textbooks back at the end of the semester (which also included a small can of axe body spray or whatever their competitor was)
It’s very well known that people have smoked, chewed tobacco, eaten sunflower seeds, chewed gum, or chewy objects to increase focus during sports, games, or even just working for decades.  I wondered why you tried to say that no one chewed gum while gaming and even did this SUPER FORCED skit at 17:25 to make a point this is frankly just untrue. I don’t know anyone that smacks their gum that loudly without have a WAD of gum in their mouth, definitely not with one small stick of 5 gum.  Great vid, but that one point was very dumb and frankly just incorrect.
I remember peeling the metallic foil off the wrapper to stick on whatever in high school.
As a 24 year old I remember back when I was around 10 my dad used to keep a lot of these in his car, they looked too fancy, but tasted absolute trash. 😭😂
Monster energy 5 gum Big Kat Kit Kat Hose water And tacos
"What is that" "Its Gum." I dont know why that was so funny to me 🤣
Pedro pascal shitting on gum is something amazing to witness
Worst dougie ever attempted
You gotta edit out the gum chewing sounds
Disgusting
Imagine not using push to talk. Zoomers.
Why is Pedro pascal talking about gum?
Pedro Pascal looks great since his last movies. These Hollywood stars with their tricks..
as a kid, i distinctly remember a couple times watching an ad i was completely unaware it was an ad for gum until the end where it showed 5 gum. simply captivating.
tried that one black colored 5 gum flavor when i was in middle school on the way to summer camp (someone shared some on the bus). it had a yellow-orange-magenta gradient around the '5' on the pack. and to this day it was the tastiest gum i've ever tried... except i haven't seen it in any store since. or on the internet. i wonder if i'd hallucinated it?
Purposefully, loudly chewing gum into a mic is the same as loudly chewing anything into a mic
I remember not seeing any 5 gum ads for like 5+ years and then one day seeing one of the commercials with the old people out of the blue and just being SO fucking confused.  5 gum being intentionally super over the top was fun/funny, but the commercials were also genuinely kind of cool too. I definitely bought it a few times as a teenager just to be like “alright, what are these crazy fucks talking about with these insane commercials”. I have no idea why they thought abandoning that for… blatant social pandering of all things… was a good idea. Then again, this was the same era where Pepsi solved racism with Kendall Jenner, so I think the entire industry was just collectively huffing their own farts for a few years.
i’m sorry love the vid but this dude sounds exactly like Snot from american dad and i can’t unhear it
Daaaang, loved the ending. Loved the vid. Was not expecting to watch the whole thing lol. 11/10
This was the Nike of candy in grade school
The memes were the best
I never realized 5 was Wrigley’s
i actually stopped chewing gum in 2007 my first year of college. i didnt want gum that would make me feel like any of that, thatys called drugs lol weed was enough
Great video. Patiently waiting for the Jaguar one now.
I was between like 6-12 when I loved 5 gum and I was a hUge fan  Honestly I think if they take the original ads and color correct them to whats common today itd go over well
Two words away from a hilarious title
I looked at the packages for 5 Gum and my brain was unable to distinguish 5 Gum from Axe Body spray. I knew it was Gum consciously but the subconscious belief it was Body Spray was too powerful and I could never believe I was supposed to put it in my mouth.   Marketing did their Matrix thing a little too well. 😂😂😂😂😂
"Have you ever powdered liquid radium and injected it directly into your bloodstream in your eyes?   Well multiply that by 10hr energy in a single gram of XBoxLive. Not the plastic box. The data. An entire gram of electricity. Electricity is weightless did you know that? Now imagine an entire gram of it.  That.   That's 5 gum.   Hold up. Before you leave.   What if I told you?   There were actually 6."   ---idea of ad copy for a new flavor of 5 gum: 6 gum.
I just liked how long the flavor lasts. I forgot about the ads. Now, it's harder to find my preferred flavors.
Pedro Pascal apparently makes pretty good mini docs
All new 5 gum.  Game all night.  We put meth in it!
I usually avoid eating anything related to Cobalt.
The cuts too the jokes are too irritating
What it do to chew five feels. Crum hum. Simulate your yum yum.
It's odd how the video creator has no idea what it means to market a product towards men.
Pedro Pascal has now Youtube channel? Sick...
There was a really weird commercial of 5 in russia back in 2010 i think, where the whole cenario wad a guy and a girl get together to have sex, and instead of unhooking her bra, the girl gives him five punshes of different coulours, until he fell down
Hey I know you from escobar
I too think of sad Chinese ladies every time I want to chew gum. It’s a peculiar association I cannot explain.
I used to eat 5 gum a lot and it always used to fall apart in your mouth lol😅
it would seem 5 gum took a lot from redbull 😂
Fun story. I kind of find it weird that you're stanning the old direction and making a call for their return somehow? It's a snack-- eat the ones you like and ignore the others. Ads shouldn't really play into these decisions in my opinion, unless it explicitly supports some greater cause (which arguably could be inspiring people through content, as some people may have been with the ads)  I find it weird to ask for the company to attempt to convince you to buy something. You should buy it if it genuinely appeals to your senses, not due to some marketing hypnosis. In this way, I feel like the appreciation for 5 the snack and 5 the ads become distinct parts with their own intrinsic value, acknowlegement paid to the fact that they need each other to make sense and tell the story of an incredibly exaggerated product.
Ah... the zoomer, uncle rico cosplaying, youtube video essaying. Take too many pills and leave us alone
Totally forgot about 5 gum
17:32 or you can just adjust your mic sensitivity instead of pretending to be dumb and arrogant just for views?
5 Gum was literally the Axe Body spray of gum
5 gum should make a hot and steamy ad followed by a shot of two people in bed blowing bubbles. “Stimulate your senses” could make a comeback
Maybe if they removed aspartame, everyone would start buying gums again. Aspartame is poison and destroys testosterone.
Pedro Pascal what are you doing making videos about out-dated gum
The fact your outro made me want 5 gum more than any of their advertisements says something
There was a girl in one of those ads blowing a bubble with gum that clearly wasn’t five because it was pink and you can’t really blow bubbles with chewing gum.
I feel like I need to defend Razer a little bit. Yes, the rgb face mask was kinda cringe, but they made a mockup as a complete joke, and people were so insistent in their rabid "MAKE IT A REAL PRODUCT" posts and emails, that they would have been dumb to not do it. They sold out almost immediately too, and they had active filters on them, so despite the rgb, they worked better than the masks everyone was wearing. As for throwing their logo on things and jacking up the price.....I don't think they alone can bear the ridicule for doing that, that's kinda how brand collabs work. Drink from Mcdonalds: $2. Drink from Mcdonalds with Lisa from Genshin Impact on it? $4. Razers made a lot of dumb things, don't get me wrong, but the way they were framed in the video makes it seem like the ONLY things they make are overpriced nonsense, when that's far from the truth
So the original advertisements were failing the company and you guys are wondering why they tried to switch it up? I get you find some of the new ads corny, I do too. But it makes 0 sense to be so fake mad about the new ads when you clearly stated the company was already seeing a decline
I was all over 5 gum when I was younger.  Every new flavor, I had to have.  And just like the video said, one day I just stopped and it disappeared out of my life.  I still get Cobalt occasionally if I want gum and I see it, but it definitely fell off. (also, anyone else remember the Costco Mega-pack?)
Maybe about a year or 2 ago When I was doordashing everywhere I always saw the  yellow respawn gum
STIMULATE YOUR SENSES
17:33 I get what you’re trying to do here, but if you actually do this, you’re a piece of shit. Close your fucking mouth when you chew. It is not hard to chew gum (or anything else, really) without making so much noise. Seriously. Just close your mouth and don’t let a fucking gallon of spit build up in there. It’s not hard.
Wtf didn't expect this guy to look like pedro pascal from wish
I was in Middle School when this debuted and it was in fact a big deal.
Why was I called out so hard in the late 2000s middle school starting pack
I always chew a piece of trident white during my workouts
Only brand I bought in middle school
I thought you were fucking Pedro Pascal for a moment there. Uncanny resemblance
Well Well, looking at you JAGUAR
I keep forgetting 5 Gum is an actual product you can buy and not just The Thing From The Memes™
Lets be Honest here, i personaly would walk, no RUN to the next store to get me some 5Gum if they would still advertise them like they used to do!
Great video but the chewing sounds at 17 minutes are absolutely unbearable
oh brother, your presentation and entire video is amazingly well done. kudos to you and your team
Banger ending to a vid 10/10
always thought its condoms
You look like a young pedro pascal
HE SAID IT
13:42 do Australians not like gum?
Okay, two things. 1 why the fuck did i just watch 20 minutes of you talking about 5 gum and 2 i need to know more about the jewelry gum thing.
Seeing this pop up on my feed as im chewing my cobalt 5 gum is an interesting experience
Back when ads were fun to watch
in middle school everyone bought this i confirm lol. there was also the myth that the taste would last 5yrs :D
Cobolt is still my favorite gum
As a male who was kn highschool between 2007-2010, 5 Gum was THE GUM to have. After that, it was crazy to see how nobody wanted that brand anymore
Nah.. Mellienial Men HATE Andrew Tate and his BS. You gotta learn, bro. Gen Z guys love that BS, as they all voted for Trump, but Mellienial Men are the last strain of actual Masculinity
u look like diet Pedro Pascal
Man i miss the old 5 gum flavors, i remember one i liked, cant remember the name and thats always bothered me
I would argue it’s pretty easy to not make noise chewing gum. And I know this because I do occasionally chew gum while gaming
An ad played during the display of an ad. Jfc
Gum companies just need to market directly to recreational drug users since that's their whole market now.
This is what happens when the CFO has his nephew in film school "take a crack at it"
Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa... whoa..... whoa. Are we just gonna sit here and pretend the "Juicy Fruit is gonna move ya" commercials didnt exist before this?
The 5 name stands for the 5 seconds the flavor of this gum lasts.
I don't think advertising is effective and I can't believe how much time, research, and money goes into these dumb a** ad campaigns. I don't care if it's about citrus fruit being launched out of cannons or elderly people waxing nostalgic. Both are equally stupid. Who pays attention to ads? I guess somebody must. This is the most attention I've paid to advertising or gum in ages. I kinda feel like you're over thinking it.
We used to scourer for coins to buy cool 5 gun😭
Dude there was a time in middle school when you were super cool if you had a pack of 5 gum. Those were the best times of my life so far. I wish I could go back
The no regrets thing had potential. All they needed to do is show that these regrets and be nullified by the fact you can get the same feeling by chewing the gum. This also makes alot of sense, as when there consumers were younger it was almost in the moment and it seemed like you were going to get those experiences. Now that those same people got older, and instead of feeling like you missed out on it you could still get that feeling. I feel like it was a great idea but execution wasn’t there
Tbf if I brought gum and it had truth or dare on it that would be a pretty neat bonus I think. Not worth marketting around, but fun enough to include.
Ever try jerking off with 40 grit sandpaper? 5 Gum.
You look like discount Pedro Pascal
Y’all remember you could chew the rapper
Aww hell nah is Pedro Pascal doing videos essays now 😭
I still havent had flare or rain or even vortex. anyone know?
I checked all demographic boxes when 5 gum appeared. I remember the commercials and felt that they were so cool. But, besides, what attracted me was the packaging - so sleek, mature and elegant - and , above all, the names of the flavors. It was not 'mint' or 'watermelon', it was 'cobalt', 'flare', 'elixir', 'solstice', 'prism' or 'vortex'. They looked like the name of the X-men and made me want to try them all.
If they had just caffeinated the respawn gum the whole campaign may have actually worked
Wrigleys didn't realise the full potential of marketing gold in the phrase "how it feels to chew 5 gum" - comedic relief to this day whenever I witness unspeakable calamity, like Pavlov's dog I say it without thought.
For me the problem with 5 is mostly about the product. When it was released the flavor lasted quite a lot, almost an hour maybe. It was the best gum in the market by far.  But after a few years they changed the formula or something and the flavor only lasted like 5 minutes. I immediately stopped buying it.
5 gum be like: ‘How it feels to chew 5 gum: **You’re getting a deep tissue massage while riding atop a monster truck in the desert while a hot girl in leather tights keeps kicking you in the balls and there’s like flames and fireworks I guess** Stimulate your senses’
When I think of 5 gum I remember the memes where it plays “how it feels to hew five gum” before cutting to a video of someone suffering catastrophic bodily harm
This was an incredibly polished and well researched video. Industry plant? Hahaha. Was this a 5 advertisement? Great job
7-11 has respawn on clearance
nah screw you dog chew it normally😭 ts was devious
This guy's at least a little biased.
I think the decline of cable TV, especially among youth, is super relevant here. I basically stopped watching TV by 2010 and did streaming or physical media.
maybe if they bring back rpm fruit, they’d make some money >:o
This came out at the peak of the portal, team fortress, and half life games. The apature science vibes were reeeal
Brands used to be bold and edgy, which made them so much more exciting and fun. But things have shifted, society has been conditioned to overreact to every little thing. As a result, we’re left with a bland, uninspired landscape that doesn’t truly resonate with anyone.
I was taken aback when Pascal came up on the screen. I came for the take down of big gum but stayed for my man Pedro  and that sick mustache
Slow start has calluses on his hands. Those hands have seen work. Dude straight lied about buildabear. ALL ADS LIE. ALL ADS DECEIVE
I feel personally attacked sir....
Subscribed based on this video
Their marketing was very affective.  I missed this campaign by 2 years and i had no idea about this.  I thought it was a new brand.  I never bought a pack ever.  I guess to be honest i wasn't hosing myself down with axe either.  I often thought that wrigglies just evaporated as a brand that didn't stand the test of time.  Still not buying 5 gum thought
Honestly, never thought of it until you asked the question. Who DOES chew gum while playing video games???
Oh hey, Pedro Pascal’s making YouTubes.  Neat.  👍🏽
Hanging pictures as lvl 10 difficulty is a new city boy low
"How it gum to chew 5 feels, gum gum, sense your stimulate"
(guy puts a stick of gum in his mouth)  "Oh, man... Dude... Dude, this is like laying naked in a... giant vat of ball bearings that's like... rhythmically pulsating..."
no one chews gum as loud as you, this is ridiculous xD chewing gum while gaming is fine, I dont get your point
Mf'er out here looking like pedro pascal
“Don’t game without 5 gum” 😂 that took me out
Oh boy, a video about a topic I've never even considered! Let's go!
But 5 was low-key amaaaaazing
A lot of YouTubers who try to be funny just aren't. You definitely are though. Great video man.
As a gamer, I like to consume while I'm playing. The problem with gum is, you put a stick in your mouth and now you're stuck with it. Gum to me is just not a gaming product.
Good video Pedro Pascal keep going
I thought it was for teenagers on party drugs.
So 5 gum went woke 🤷‍♂️ u guys can get mad all u want it’s literally what happened 🤣
The no regrets campaign would work if a teen walked in and said "shut up grandma, no one cares, chew 5 gum" slapping a pack down on the table. And then grandma chewed 5 gum and the whole world vibrates
Does anyone else remember when they made a line of black gum, like there was peppermint, spearmint and cinnamon, but for all three the gum itself was black. That was so cool when I was in middle school
It feels just like riding on a flaming rat through a storm with pasta instead of rain, and lasers.
Ive used respawn, it actually does give a kick the first few times you use it then after a while it gets to a point that you only feel the kick for the first 10-20 minutes of using it then it wears off, which after using a few you just stay wired. Its not better than an energy drink because they work in different ways, i actually use B vitamins along with the 2-400 mg of caffiene i use a day and the B vitamins still work and i can confirm that green tea is a normal routine for quite a few gamers in high ELO cs2. None are inherently better than the other but they both work in different ways, just caffiene gives some people a much faster punch whereas i can drink 2 whole bang energy's/monsters and feel absolutely nothing if i got lost anywhere typing this its cause im higher than a giraffe pussy right now
Millennials have to be the corniest generation to exist so far. They’ve ruined everything they’ve touched
BHT. Treats genital herpes and preserves yer gum. 😀😜🤪
Sweet mint/creamy frostbite
Andrew Tate is the savior of humanity! So stop with the clout chasing you bum peasant.
Never thought I'd ever see Pedro Pascak tqlking about 5 gum but here we are 😂
5(orange flavour/citrus) was so fking good until it randomly has dissapeared years ago. That day they died for me
Clickbait title, I thought there was more of a story behind this! Downvote!
we got pedro pascal roasting companies before gta6
In those memes where it was "how it feels to chew 5 gum" i thought it meant chewing 5 pieces of gum at once 😭
I didn't know Pedro Pascal had a YouTube channel, neat
I still remember the iconic wrigleys doublemint advert with the bloke and the lady.
I loved 5 gum. Stimulated the senses
This is why i chew flavorless gum
The one I remember the most is the Quake 4 stroggification version of the meme
Skipping, blocking and depriving myself from todays ads to watch a video about yesterdays ads... back when everything was better, even the ads! Which we still hated though.
I legit forgot all about this gum. I thought the ads were weird and i've had it before and to be honest, its nothing to write home about. Its just gum.
Whenever I get gum, it’s always 5. I love the gum but god damn they sucked at ads after the stimulate your senses ones
1:21 Fuck. They got me.  I would, however, argue that it was more about the aesthetic appeal than it was about signaling status lol
Man, what id give to try the solstice flavor again
Love how he brushed past the going down a bobsled track naked poster.
I lived the 5gum commercials, I never cheated I always went with extra but, The commercials were still cool.
Beautiful times. 2010s... smoking to be cool, then viciously washing hands and chewing gums and candies to eliminate the smell... fun fact from 2011 - after a few hours of constant chewing, the gum would disintegrate into powder in your mouth.
No disrespect to you my guy but displate is an awful company
I feel like the "science" about respawn is more towards chewing gum in general and not all the extract nonsense. Its been proven that chewing gum can increase cognition and attention, in games, in academics, in test taking, etc, especially if you chew that gum while you practice or study.  Not because of extracts or pseudoscience, simply because of how our brains work, and make connections and memorize patterns.
look, 5 gum's flavor friken lasts. so its my go to gum
millennials killed chewing gum
Every guy who is not black pilled is a status seeker. Women are not attracted to low status males and most guys want girls. Weird that youd try to shoehorn andrew tate in to it.
STEEMULATE U CENTSES
I am just sad because i seem to cant buy gum anymore. The shores dont sell the stripes anymore. Only the little cubes. And dont start with the flavors. I loved the orange/yellow 5 gum
If I was a marketing person. I'd be sponsoring racing cars, numbered 5 of course. On the gamer front. Find games where "Ace"s are possible, where you defeat/kill 5 enemies or whole teams. Find (good) athletes numbered 5 and such. Have them do over the top, CGI heavy ads. Focus on just being over the top and "radical" cool stupid stuff.... Oh god I just did a red bull.
14:30 I think at this point in the general public "consciousness" there's not much left to distinguish between something being received favorably and simply being recieved.   Human life is become nothing but zombies plugged into computers receiving audio/visual stimulation and occasionally responding with minimal cognitive or physical effort over a keyboard.
Didn't know Javier Peña had a YouTube channel
Well at least 5 Gum will forever be immortalized in Spider-Man Web of Shadows 😅
If pedro pascal and dr disrespect had a child. 😮
Back in the day, my school used to fold hearts out of the wrappers and give them to girls. It seemed everyone thought it was awesome.
"How it feel to chew 5 Gum"  *Filthy Frank brandishing a pot and screaming  "5 Gum: stimulate your senses"
Wintermint is the shit
It worked. We watched those as kids and the meme quickly caught on. Whoever brought 5 to school was everyones best friend. I remember being so popular a few recesses because of it
“How it gums to chew 5 feels.  Gum Gum  Sense your stimulate”
Pedro Pascal has a youtube channel about gum??
I still love this gum. I like the rain flavor
Costco bundle of 5 gums turned me into a respected Don in high school
5 gum was and is the coolest gum of all time.
6:31. You’re welcome.
The truth or dare thing actually doesn't seem like a fundamentally bad idea, I see where they were coming from. But definitely not executed well and probably not the right choice for this brand
I remember asking my friends back in the day if they tasted the new 5 gum, whenever a new one would come out. That gum was something else man
the ads were better than the product
Look, all I'm saying is cheaper = better. Last time I check a pack of 5 gum was like 2$, like I rather pay for a 1$ fountain drink
Never thought Id learn about 5gum from Pedro Pascal
Say all you want about being edgy, the flavor takes fucking hours to go away. And if you can get your hands on one the rpm is super good
Every single advertisement now is woke activitst women or mixed race family. No edge, no crearivity.
"Look at these hands. They look like I work at freakin' Build a Bear".  *proceeds to show obviously callused hands*  What, the sweat shop where Build a Bear comes from?
all those ads for a piece of gum that maybe tasted, then turned into chewy paper in less than five minutes  fruit stripe lasted longer.
The apple flavor was my favorite
Bro sounds kinda like Yumyulack
I ACTUALLY MISS THEIR COMMERCIALS! You had to be there 😭
In a weird way they’ve actually lived up to their brand image lol
Maybe the real 5gum was the friends we made along the way.
I still remember the memes over it, actually funny shit tbh
1:50 OMFG I SWEAR TO GOD I WAS JUST SAYING THE SAME THING LITERALLY 3 SECONDS BEFORE YOU
I would just like to say ballet dancers are unbelievable athletes and the amount of effort it takes to perform to such a degree is insane. Not only can it be excruciatingly painful and demanding, but when a ballet dancer puts so many hours and days, months and years into training, the results are near otherworldly levels of skill. There are plenty of popular sports that can require a lot of effort on their own like football, hockey, soccer, etcetera - and they're easy compared to what's required of high end ballerinas
If u had these in 6th grade you'd be royalty
The fact that the rebrand wasn’t even necessary 😂 I don’t even remember any of the ads after the after the axe style commercials. The dare campaign would have done better with the original concept.
No lie, I loved the visuals for 5 gum. It was why I became a fan. Over time, I fell off because it was like I was chewing Wrigglys branded gum.
Ik this comment is gonna get lost but I feel like this guy is hating too much on the relatable and truth or dare marketing era. It worked cause I remember a lot of friends talk about it and even dared each other during school. Maybe this guy couldn’t relate and that’s why he’s hating on it 🤷‍♂️
I love these gums they have long tasting taste
It was effective now I use extra cause it’s a reasonable price and gets the same effect
How it gums to feel chew 5
Seems like it’s harder to line up the magnetic strips than put a nail in and call it a day
I find it funny you say it's australia that got it discontinued when new flavors were usually released there first. Australia had a few Exclusive flavors even.
People literally still quote the commericals to this day. "How it feels to chew 5 gum: [insert random video clip here]"
"who chews gum when they play video games"  tell me you've never had a jaw clenching issue without telling me you've never had a jaw clenching issue
man i'd really like some orange 5gum right now. although i'm pretty sure it was called tropical in germany? is it the same? did it really taste like cinnamon? i just remember it tasting...orange.
Was in high school from 2008-2012 and it was such a thing to save the wrappers and plaster entire walls/columns of the school with them.
5 gum just got so expensive. Compared to other gums its insane
Jaguar who?
Mfs posers 5 gum is still bad ass
Jaguar watched this video and made a play for it
Me a male in high school in 2006-2010 seeing 5 gum thinking “dang how do I get the cool gum”   Me, a professional cpg marketer watching this video today hearing him say “axe body spray of gum”…….”fuck”
I remember being kind of underwhelmed after actually chewing 5 gum after all the commercials, but in grade 3 i felt like the cool kid whenever i had it in my pocket😂
Gum has also been proven for decades to improve focus. Before our standardized tests in high school our principals used to come around and give everyone a piece.
7:36 that's not raunchy, that's just disgusting.
The respawn branding is actually very clean and me likey.
Do Jaguar next!
I don’t know if this went international, but during the original campaign they even commissioned an innovative 3D audio sound-only adventure game for smartphones called “The Nightjar”. After the contract ended, the developer re-released it unbranded.
Thats not doing it, whoever told you it was is not to be trusted
Why is Pedro Pascal from Walmart explaining gum-lore at me
I never seen this channel before, and when I saw the face of the presenter, I thought it's Pedro Pascal for a second 😂
I'll just say it. Get woke go broke.
It genuinely warms my heart to see these out of touch, soulless mega corporations flounder and faceplant this hard. The puppet master getting tangled up in their own strings.  Now if you'll excuse me, I've gotta go boof 75% of a pack of  COBALT RESPAWN while I feed in your ranked game
I only know about this product thanks to the “how it feels 5 gum” meme that was doing the rounds in like 2016/17, so i genuinely thought this would be a video about how the meme tarnished the brand or something by taking the piss out of the stimulate your senses campgain LOL
Bro that yellow 5 gum actually slapped though. 10/10 gum as a kid.
I miss when brands had targeted demographics instead of being "for everyone" which has left everything stale, generic and gay.
Bro Looks linke Agent penja from narcos
I asked my dad for a pack of 5 gum and he asked "what do you need those for?" thinking they were condoms
5gum should do a collab with with Lord barbecue, it will speak to their target demographic
Your editing style is nauseating. Made me feel dizzy.
Yup remember being 14 and 15 buying 5 gum and cigarettes same time routine 🤣🤣🤣🤣
SKINNY PEDRO PASCAL CAN'T HURT YOU  skinny Pedro Pascal:
You have an uncanny resemblance to Pedro Pascal. I’m sure I’m not the only person seeing it nor is it the first time you’ve heard this lol.
Don Draper level of advertising
the way this video us written reminds me of YIIK.
Pedro pascal has a youtube channel?
I was 13 when 5 gum came out and I begged my mum to get me some 😂
I just realized I haven’t seen a gum commercial in years.
Ngl I would have HEAVILY enjoyed this video being titled “How it feels to annihilate your brand image” 😂
Budget Pedro Pascal
Bruh for the love of god someone tell me why every other young adult guy on youtube has this creepy mustache nowadays. I can't even tell them apart anymore, they all look the same
You look like pedro pascal, thats a compliment my boy
There are some 5 flavors I genuinely miss and wish I could chew again
Are you Pedro Pascal
i actually. forgot this gum existed and the last i remembered of it was yknow the classic: how it feels  to chew 5 gum i remember always watched the ads when they came on and saying the slogan afterwards because sometimes they were just such outlandish concepts that it made you Want to watch what they were saying it was like- not to mention the whole meme template that followed afterwards
you think gamers aren't a profitable demographic when EA Is a $40billion company lmao.
You look like a young Pedro Pascal
All I chewed was 5 gum when I was younger 😂
“Edgy” has lost all meaning of the word and I blame it on this video
My dad use to always buy 5 gum in the 2010s era great memories and great commercials
A "gamer" gum called "respawn" that allegedly make you "focus" is the most embarrasing thing I've ever heard.
This dude looks like Pedro Pascal and Nick Fuentes had a weird Canadian baby who makes NakeyJakey video essays about JonTron topics.
I like how they don't use that slogan anymore, but to this day "how it feels to chew 5 gum" is commented when something ridiculous or just flat out crazy happens to somebody in a movie or tv show or anything.
5-GUM used to have so many different flavors, now they got mint bs and watermelon.
oh i’m cooked this video is so good im about to binge your channel bless the algorithm!!
Watching this masking gum for the ultimate experience
Bro the early green 5 gum was the best i lowkey miss it 😢
I’ve always just bought extra gum, they have the best flavor imo
A 5gum comeback in 2025 would be so good
Their marketing was so solid, they didn’t have to do anything to change it. The only problem was that it was chewing gum. Monster Energy has a similar rebellious sort of theme and they are thriving. If 5 had started an energy drink/alternative product line with sense-boosting qualities, it would’ve done incredible and we’d still see it everywhere
The first recommended video on my sidebar is "What It's Like To Be Eaten By A Carnivorous Plant", which feels like a line from a 5 Gum ad.
Seeing the WDR discord and knowing you play OSRS
Somehow I doubt someone who works at build-a-bear has giant callouses on their hands.
as someone who chews 5 gum and games I am eternally thankful that discord noise filter algorithms have gotten good
Personally i stopped chewing gum because artificial sugar causes me pain
I have no issues admitting I only know this product exists because of memes.  And here I am now, learning the history of its marketing.
On 17:20 it is just wrong like... you can say THE SAME thing about crunching of Doritos and you went out of your way to make chewing gum sound annoying, irl it is much less loud
The biggest disappointment was that 5 didn't launch with exactly 5 flavours and only had exactly 5 for a pretty short time.
Your mom is funnier than you , llama llama llama
11:37 made me laugh hard
Your moustache is so hot
I remember they tasted really good to me and I always rememebered the memes and found them pretty funny, I don't understand why I stopped buying them honestly
Never heard of it.  Seriously, this is the first time I've ever heard of this crap.  Not exactly what I'd call successful marketing.
I was shocked to read about a year ago how sad it was that there was no more stripe gum sold in stores in germany - and i realized it's true, i haven't seen stripe gum anywhere in a while and haven't chewed any for even longer. The only gum still sold are dragees. Really sad to never see those iconic wrigley's flavors anymore
Omg 5 gum.... what a throwback. I remember taking the foil off and gilding my phone and desk with it
I’ll admit, I always used to chew orbit, but the reversing made me switch to 5, shame it’s no longer around to be honest
Honestly if they went back to OG slogans and brought back at least SOME of the flavors I feel like it could do at least something, god knows I miss those flavors
Why the fuck is Pedro Pascal teaching me about the history of Five Gum..?
I'm telling you the way to save five gum is: - Give it the most extreme flavours - call it 6 gum - do a big ad campaign like they did back in the day   Millennials will buy it cuz of nostalgia and Gen z will buy it for the extreme flavors.
Say 2010’s we are not just calling that decade the 10’s/ mid 10’s plz
10:30 me and my friends used to buy them when we were really high and just one up the dares basically (like I dare you to do 10 jumping jacks so we’d say 100 type of thing)
5Gum ads were the 2000‘s freakbait
I remember seeing one fo those ads in 2013, and asked my mom to buy me one 5-gum, so she did, i tried it and didn't like it, so i gave the rest of the gums to my friend, and never bought another 5-gum
I loved the original adds back in the day but I think they inspired me to get the gum once, at which point I realized it was just gum.
In germany we have a fake 5gum(extremely similar package design and font) called "HEYYY Gum"
after i tried 5 gum i just felt tricked because it was just regular ass gum
5 gum was the Axe body spray of gum. EDIT: LMAO I posted this and then you said it like 30 seconds later.
It also helped that "How it feels to chew 5 gum" became a meme. It was the perfect format for interpretation
This guy looks like Pedro Pascal
I always wanted to lay in this bath of metall balls
If the no regrets campaign seems weird you should watch some Thai ads.
Do you TRY to look like Pedro Pascal, or is it just coincidence?
That gum might have looked good. But after it failed me during a finals exam where it turned to the worse liquidy consistensy of mush that I have never seen gum devolve to. It was so bad I wouldnt chew that gum for a decade. Shame cause otherwise it would have been ok.
Incompetent marketing team
lol fuckin white people
Haha when I was in middle school I was completely sold on that, to the degree seeing it now gives me nostalgia 😂
I was born with PKU and because of this I couldn’t have phenylalanine, an artificial sweetener as it could cause permanent brain damage, I grew up not eating a lot of things like gum because of the sweetener being common to use in those. Pretty sure I just stole 5 gum from my sibling with no care for the risk it could pose to my health because I wanted to be cool too. I’m very glad my PKU has leveled out and I don’t face risks anymore but man was that dumb of me. I tried some again during the avengers partnership and honestly, the gum sort of absorbs the water in the air and turns into mush after a week and the flavours are mid.
5 gum the only gum I’ll chew fr 😅
5:18 So you’re telling me 5 gum stimulated the 5 senses at the top of the market for… 5 years? it’s too good to be true
i like 5 gum lol
M5GA😔 I’d love to see the classic 5 gum style commercials with the modern day CGI, AI and other technology
today i found out 5 gum memes are about a brand called 5 and not literally chewing five pieces of gum
Having gum in high school was kinda a big deal.
Im British, I thought it'd went off the shelf years ago. I don't think I've seen a pack since 1008/9
16:36 how is an energy drink supposed to improve your focus in a videogame? Sounds like yet more marketing tactics.
How it gums to chew five feels Gum gum Sense your stimulate
I blame the fall of gum on kids not being able to chew it in school anymore!
Do Jaguar now
Pascal
Thanks Pedro pascal that was a very entertaining video
They should start making tough chewing gum for lookmaxers, it should also have at least 50 grams in a package and be cheap enough to buy 2-3 packs every day.
i chew gum and chainsmoke cigarettes, i have a mic but I don't use it, i game alone i don't have friends, who do you think GAMER GUM is being sold to?
Pedro Pascal who?? Keep it up bro
they should market their gum to ravers, perfect demographic
Came for the content, stayed for Pedro Pascal
Part of this was "went woke went broke"
i still quote chew 5 gum to this day 😂
The gum you like is coming back in style
Salesman: "Its the most insane sensory oberloading experience"  Me: "I just like watermelon flavour, man...."
Not to be commenting on an 11 month old video but: the big thing w the health claims is not whether the vitamins can improve focus and cognition - it’s whether getting them from chewing gum actually allows them to be absorbed. In defense of 5 gum, this is also the problem with over the counter supplements and just about any other product making the same claims lol
5 gum tried to push in on Extra!’s wholesomeness market and it just flopped miserably
Hanging a picture isn’t “beginner DIY” It’s something I learned how to do at 5 years old
at about the 10:32-ish mark: Wrigley wrings its hands about millennials having their money and attention taken by (what is implied to be) texting, games, and music.  The people in the background when he said that are late teens *at best* (even if subsequent images show older people who are still in the low 20's).  Millennials in 2018 were in the mid 20's to mid 30's. Their time and attention was being taken by rent/mortgage, groceries, and their own children. For us older Milennials, that's our own children going to college and/or having children.
this man looks like pedro pascal and babytron had a kid together lol
I bought respawn once. The flavor lasted for like 20 chews. I remember 5 gum lasting me almost a whole day with flavor back in middle school. Crazy amount of change
I once had a piece of Cobalt 5 Gum given to me by a friend that I’ve been chewing pretty much all day, only to have it disintegrate into a thick liquid in my mouth during class. The most unpleasant time I’ve had with gum ever 😂
unrelated but u kinda look like a young pedro pascal!
Not a S I N G L E mention of the "hoe it feels to chew 5 gum" meme????
i remember seeing a 5 gum billboard in the ps3 spider-man: web of shadows game
As someone who works at a gas station for 4 years now we are just now getting respawn
Bro found out what it’s like to chew “5 gum”
Society has gone into a downward spiral ever since we stopped valuing fun and unique gum.
if they just went with the 07 marketing but as short stupid suddenly cut gen z humor itd prolly do pretty well kinda like what old spice does. we do be in the intense brainrot humor era rn
Me, it's me. I chew gum while playing games And while working And watching TV And it helps me think I chew a lot of gum okay
4:36 Okay the Minecraft hit sound got me.
This video made me go out and buy a pack of 5 gum, I haven’t bought 5 gum since 2016
5 gum just tastes like shit tbh
Pedro pascal chill
How the fuck have I never heard of this or ever seen it anywhere
In no its finally come back, I’m so happy i missed this gum so much.
Bruh, I loved 5 so much and now I feel attacked
Rain is still good
Where did 5 gum fail that Redbull succeeded
Cumstained edgelord branding
4:44 that’s not a whirlpool
I always thought it was nicotine gum as a kid lol
Youtube really gets me thinking "whatever happened to 5 gum?" At 1:30am like i didnt just see it at the grocery store the other day
i still like 5 gum
You would have to consume extra B12 and green tea for months before it helped you focus 😂
Why did YouTube recommend me Pedro pascal talking about 5 gum? And why can’t I stop?
i literally chew 5 gum every day. wdym they changed their slogan. 🤡
This guy is HILARIOUS
9:52 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
8:35 😂😂😂😂😂
I only buy 5 because of the first ads.. and it's the best gum!
I prefer the early 5 gum commercials
Why is pablo pascal narrating YouTube videos?
Weird thing about 5 gum is that the ads did seem to be a bit true.  I saw the commercials for them first and then tried the gum.  I normally didn’t like gum but this was really good!
I liked the pink 5 gum. It was a raspberry flavor
If the people working on the Respawn gum were cooking they would have made the gum covers look like retro video game cartridges with some added color and flair to it based on the flavor
The crazy thing is if they returned to this original form of marketing it would sell really well to adult gen z. The memes alone would help
Personally i think 5 peaked with the memes mocking the "how it feels to chew 5 gum" ads. still never tried 5 more of a juicy fruit enjoyer myself
Remember not liking this gum when it came out. Honestly forgot it was a thing till this video.
Pedro pascal jumpscare at 0:05
I havent seen their brand in a while. Which is good and bad. Good because that means im not wasting money on pointless things. Bad because i really enjoyed the flavors more than other gums :/
During that time period they really didnt do what 5gum was doing in terms of image, style and packaging. It had it all straight up.
5's Cobalt is still the strongest in terms of long lasting gum 💪. Those first commercials were pretty cool.
I didn’t know Pedro Pascal had a YouTube channel  …jokes aside, great video! You‘ve earned a new sub :)
Discount Pedro Pascal
dey put da mater cheef in da soder!
1 second before you said Axe body spray i had that in mind already too. 10/10
I def used to buy 5 gum when I would go to parties specifically because of the advertisements
I need to pick myself up some of that gamer soap
Gamers!?😂 if I hear you chewing gum over the mic I’m muting you
Best gum ever, made me feel cool as a kid.
German guy here. I know these from the store and always liked them a lot!! never seen a single commercial, though...
This was so poorly scripted
When I was a kid I thought 5 gum was only for adult men who worked out because of the intense ads
Putting master chief on doritos wasn't edgy... Halo isn't edgy at all. It's a goofy and fun-loving shooter with some horror elements sometimes. Doritos only put master chief on the bags because doritos were popular among youngsters playing video games... and because Halo was ridiculously popular at the time.
banger video
I just found this video but dang the way you ended it was fantastic. Subbed.
I don’t want anything that someone else doesn’t want anything to do with or put effort towards, more specifically any product a company half asses to get to shelves
16:47 Me bro. I do 🥺 I chew gum when I'm nervous.
I miss mouthwatering berry 😢 but I’m so surprised that we in Germany got a lot of these original ads! Doesn’t haben too often
4:25 Who's funding this?  Apature Science.
Growing up with these commercials, I remember feeling SO COOL finally buying a pack … and intimidated 😂
I haven’t had 5 gum since 2012 and this video alone made me want to get a pack more than any advertisements I’ve seen by them in 12 years
Pedro Pascal lmao
Just now realising the packet of 5 gum I have right now is just called something normal. Blueberry blast or whatever, I'm not holding it anymore. Tastes alright. Best way for wriggles to get people to buy 5 gum again is to price it slightly lower than the other gum next to it on the shelf. Worked for me.
Baseball players chew gum, so why is it crazy to think gamers wouldn't?
14:20 I just imagine this is a CEO who has been watching the company he’s devoted his life to die. He’s been through 2 divorces. Missed the birth of his 3rd child. He’s given up hope. And then this happens
Feel: nothing special, feels like gum Taste: nothing special, taste like gum Smell: nothing special, smell like gum Look: it's unique i guess Hear: ...did you just ask me how the gum sound?
5 gum is the bionicle of gum
16:26 i went to a vitamin store one time and told them i had adhd and they recommended me a vitamin b product that gave me toxic levels of vitamin b and made me really sick
Not me watching this while chewing 5 gum LOL
5 gum was called 5 gum because the flavor lasted for 5 seconds. Thumbs down.
I say they must bring back all flavors, gum is so boring now.   At least bring back the old ads, before the reimage.
Basically they replicated what Sega did in the 90s.
5's flare was just a 100x better big red, which i loved, so i had thousands of packs lol
Homeboy can’t chew gum without smacking his lips and thinks everyone else is regarded like him.
The fact that the meme has outlived the product 😂
dude look like pedro pascal
5 gum made me feel like i just had sex
Gotta disagree with the chewing gum and gaming. Chewing gum have shown to help cognetitve and motor functions. Also help when you need to focus and relax. I'd say more effective then energy drinks, and depending on the gum brand, much better alternative.
Pedrito Pascalito
Why is Pedro pascal yelling about 5 gum?
Your videos are well done and made mate!  Thank you :)
You look like Pedro Pascal if he were a Spaniard
There’s a lot of people that chew gum QUIETLY the RIGHT WAY unlike those heathens. Anyways a lot of people who want to cut calories or are on ADHD medicines like adderall chew gum to avoid eating with activities and to avoid grinding their teeth respectively.
This video was way better than it had any right to be
was not expecting to enjoy that so much. barley even felt like 20 mins icl, great videp.
I really miss my fruity trio of Swerve, Beta (aka Elixir, which tested the same), and Vortex.  Chewed a lot of those in college.  And now they’re all gone!  😢
I didn't know I needed Solar General Pedro Pascal to explain gum to me but I'm here for it!
Great video until the loud smacking at 18:00 that made me skip the end. It was so bad that I came back here to say this. Like showing me a giant turd when I’m 90% through the meal I’m enjoying that you obviously worked hard to make
I would bet there’s a direct correlation between the decline of gum sales and the rise of vaping.
New slogan "How it felt to chew 5 gum"
Did 5 pay you for this because your last little spiel here was more effective in getting me to want 5 gum than any ad evwr
Clickbait…this ain’t pedro pascal..
Why did this make me want to chew gum?
Although their original packaging is really good, their original commercial are peak of the global bad taste of the late 2000s
The PR industry in the US pays for military level psychological capacity. We are all guinea pigs.
i have a pack of respawn in my desk, i got at gamestop one time as a promotion. i had one when i got home to hopefully get my reaction time since im 32 now, all i got was a headache and proceeded to get a white monster instead lol but none the less the gum tasted good
i think i've actually never even tried 5 Gum, it looked too adult when i was a child and now i don't see it anywhere anymore lol
I’m a Millennial👋 all my expectations for gum even into adulthood was shaped by 5 gum commercials. I never thought of it til this video, but when I do chew gum I really do expect it to be amazing 😂
Chewing gum is widely known to increase mental focus and alertness. The fact that you had no clue about that only hurts your own credibility.
Who knew gum could be so dramatic
I subscribed, but DAMN YOU for the gum chewing audio 😂
The day 5 gets taken off the shelves is the day I stop chewing gum
I tried 5 gum once in 2009 i ended up throwing up and never tried it again it tasted alright but just made me hurl
Now with we got chocolate bars “for her”
I had no idea it was Wrigleys, which has to be the worst gum
I feel a great sense of nostalgia right now
Banger ending
Probably the only commercial I can admit directly influenced my decision to purchase their product Had no idea they changed their image - L move
Am I high or why is the damn Mandalorian talking about 5 gum?
first video ive seen from yall— great job love yalls skit humor between real info
5 ass wipes.
I almost always chew gum while gaming. It channels the hyper focus and physical stress. Expecially so when I'm artificially overstimulated. Without gum I'd subconsciously start grinding my teeth. It's literally like squeezing those stress balls thingies.
A 5 Gum marketer showed up to a random game's midnight release at gamestop in like 2007 and gave me around 200 packs of cinnamon gum for free.  That shit was delicious and lasted me years.
The ironic thing is 5 gum was actually quite bland. You'd chew it for like 5 minutes and all the flavour would be gone lol
i used to always think 5 gums was a  c0ndom when i was kid 😭🙏🙏
You kinda look like Pedro Pascal. Idk. You just do.
Honestly the old 5 flavors were excellent. Id buy a 12 pack one of each flavor in a heartbeat
Great video!
No one in their sane mind chew like that
yeah I remember those
17:50, for those who want to skip the devil spawn of skits
okay young pedro pascal ??
It doesn’t matter if their commercial or marketing failed. The gum itself is much better than other brands, it’s tasteful, keeps structure and taste, that’s all I need in the world where orbit and dirol failed as a product with their nowadays low quality gum.
no one smacks there mouth like that when they eat gum LOL if you are then close your mouth MF lol
Whatever you say Pedro Pascal
Now im ngl, chewing gum while doing anything can definitely help you focus
I bite/chew my lips and mouth while gaming. But I never game with other people. Or at least I never talk to other players while I’m playing. My doctor recommended I chew gum so as to bite/chew my lips/mouth less. 🫦🫦😋
Unironically, this was a great ad for 5 gum
Wth you look like that latino actor
Thanks for advertising a site that steals art and sells AI generated nonsense.
How it feels to chew 5 gum was banger, I've only had the watermelon flavour it was good too tbh
bro if you chew like that its a skill issue bro
He made millions off selling gum & left out lol. Sounds like a winner.
I was just thinking about 5 gum and now here I am
Today I learned that wanting status means liking Andrew Tate! Like it‘s not something that‘s part of every man‘s worries.
I got a gum advertisement for this video
How is America the most powerful nation on earth. When the members or society can’t hang a picture and it’s not even like it’s into a real wall it’s glorified cardboard. They have some of the most dangerous roads in the world. They have to put don’t not eat on detergent pods.
17:19  Of course your chewing is gonna be loud if you chew loud on purpose. Have you never chewed gum before? Do you always have to have your mouth open while you chew?
3:47 for anyone wronding this pose to be the scense of hearing due of the cords
5 Gum was part of my late childhood. I was buying packs like you wouldn't even know it! The commercials are some of the coolest that I've ever seen in any food product and it's no wonder why I bought 5 Gum as a kid. Yeah, 5 Gum is still around. But, it's not advertised as heavily as it used to be in the olden days.
I mean no, gum is still being sold here in Australia, even 5 gum, but i only ever see watermelon or blueberry flavours.  Also PS: I chew gum because I have a personal bad habit where gum really helps out. And thanks to noise suppression I don't get anyone complaining about it
What a meme 😂
i don't remember ever seeing a single ad past the stimulate your senses ads for 5, didn't realise they swapped ad campaigns 😂
That gum sucked. It was great for about a minute, then just lost all flavor and the texture got weird.
I chew gum and eat candy when I game because I don’t want my hands dirty while I’m trying to play, I’ve never been a chips guy for games movies maybe but not games. I’ve never picked up a pack of five gum for that though 😂 the flavor lasts about *five* seconds before it’s gone
In all fairness. People snack while gaming. And gum is definitely a more - desirable option to some people than Doritos.   I’d rather close my mouth and eat gum than make my friends listen to me crunch and munch.
For the longest time, I never saw any of the actual ads, just the dank memes, and I got conviced that the product wasn't even real.
The memes were the best
When I was young I thought Five Gum was treated the same way as energy drinks for kids. Like if I walk up to check out with it I’ll be told I have to be older.
I mean whatever they did worked, I thought I was cool asf chewing 5
So they went woke and died. LOOOOL.
100% did not need this information but so happy I have it now 😂😂
I remember when there were so many flavors for the gum. Really loved the one that tasted like monster
YOU FORGOT SMOSH LIVE
Aint gonna lie, I chew gum and game. Didn't know 5 gum made a "gamer gum" lmao. I love trident spearmint, and my friends have never even noticed before. The example is such a forced gimmick. There's also this fancy setting called "push to talk" so people don't need to hear what you're doing in the background when you aren't talking 😂 I know the idea is foreign to a lot of gamers out there but it's true
I looked at those hands....swordsmanship callouses.....hrmmmmm
It's so easy to add caffeine to chewing gum, it's just so weird they didn't try that when the gaming thing started
Can’t lie I nvr even paid attention to 5 except for the memes. But this YouTube vid alone made me wanna try every single flavor 😂
How chew feels to gum 5 it
So you're saying that 5 gum needs to respawn???  Also, LIFEHAPPENSIN5 Looks like Life happen sins. Which is just weird AF.
They really peaked with their first attempt. If it ain’t broke don’t fix it!
I would buy 5 gum if they did a call back to their roots and advertising strategy. There’s a reason why those commercial slogans became synonymous with their brand, and why they were a meme for a while back in the 2010’s
Chewing gum while on a call is like when you a play a game with your friend who vapes and you can hear him blowing it into the microphone every 5 seconds
Was chewing 5 gum when I saw this videos thumbnail lol
I got it all the Time when i was like 12until like 14 nowadays you can't even  buy it in Europe anymore
Jes can't kids just smoke to be kool?
Im convinced if you made a gum commercial and it showed someone getting a 'chiselled jaw' from doing so the sales would go up 10 fold. I just dont know if they can get away with that 'promise' to kids and young teens etc but it has been shown to work (if you're chewing like 12 hours a day everyday for 3 months but shh they can leave that part out)  Gen Z are obsessed with this whole 'mewing culture' it would 1000% work lmao
it's a rare thing when I see one of these videos and simply remember every single one of those things as they happened  because I'm Russian and they talk about western brands - but Wrigley's is so huge they did all the same stuff in Russia, Australia, USA, Europe - everywhere
I always preferred trident
Respawn couldve easily worked if it was with anyone BUT razer.
"What is that?" "Its gum" nah g thats 100% my ex
How it feels to chew 5 gum  *extremely violent clip of a horrible tragedy*  Stimulate your senses.
5 Gum ads always felt like they channeled a similar energy to those unhinged perfume advertisements.
You look like Pedro Pascal in Narcos
Speaking of memorable commercials (also from 2007, funnily enough) a local mineral water brand from my country used overly CGI-ed environments combined with good music (from artists like Sonique and Sinead O'Connor) backgrounds.
0:12 Is that Pedro Pascal?!😂
I miss the fruit flavors they had.
So now it feels like a discord mod in his mom's basement to chew 5 gum?
33 y.o. who didn’t grow up in the West and who had never heard of those chewing gums and was seeing for the first time: ‘Wow, this is amazing, obsessed with the aesthetic, I will get those gums asap’ By the time I finished the video ‘Oh nevermind’ 😂😂😂  In my opinion, it’s a case of terrible marketing strategy that instead of tweaking and slightly adjusting was like ‘let’s completely destroy everything that this brand has represented and try a bunch of random ideas, hoping that something will work’
Displate steals from artists and my experiences with their employees have been awful. Dont support them. Support artists.
In 2007 i was 17 living in Oklahoma. 5 gum was a staple for all of us
I like the new ads. I still won't buy it but they feel good.
These videos. Lmao. “Stock photos of what they think people do” they don’t think people jump in circles at a beach, but it portrays an image of “happiness” which does more then just showing a video of someone smiling, but the video creator just wanted to “prove his point” so he altered his speech to deliver that. Video coulda been half the length if you got rid of the “half truths” and stuck to the facts
Idk what's worse the fact your this passionate about 5 gum or the fact I watched this all the way through 🤣
Man, getting the newest flavor and showing up to school with it was massive. I'd steal packs and sell it for a dollar lol
I was just thinking this week what happened to 5
Bro all the guys in school they were cool chewed 5 gallon
happened across some respawn gum packs at my local gas station in the clearance rack about a month ago. bought a couple packs and they were pretty good but they're not there anymore rip
Im a girl, and I brought some of the gum. It's pretty good, too! 😂
I chew gum when I play difficult games. Lmao !
As someone who can’t stand the sight and sound of someone chewing gum, I noticed that it’s not as popular and I am so glad about that
I feel like gum sales dropped once schools stopped allowing kids to have it in class, I definitely chewed less gum during the time period
For some reason hearing all the 5 Gum commercial examples made me randomly think of El Macho from Despicable Me 2. So I guess chewing 5 gum is like Skydiving into an active volcano with 250 lbs of dynamite strapped to your chest while riding a shark.
i always chew mint gum after i brush my teeth if eat chocolate or anything else bad for teeth and sometimes i chew that kind of gum while gaming it doesnt make me play better , on the contrary
They sat on a gold mine with the original ads and slogan but they thought maybe if they dig somewhere else they find diamonds, only to find dirt.
At the end you lost me, chewing gum is normal while playing games and it’s a stretch to “prove it” while forgetting discord and headsets these days have built in noise suppression, also you’re eating with your mouth open while chewing it loud on purpose you can literally tell you moved the mic closer to your mouth. You had me the entire video up until that weirdly false thing you said lol
16:47 I chew gum while playing. The reptitive action keeps me focused. Mic is on Press-To-Talk
I miss the ‘Zing’ flavor 😢
17:15 As someone who chews gum unironically while gaming; I take offense at the idea of someone just smacking their lips in a call like that. That's just devious, I don't even make those lip smacking sounds. Absolutely vile depiction
Ngl. The marketing worked on me. And its a good gum too. Cobalt just hits so strong
Most garbage gum i ever tasted.
The original product spawned some of the best memes lol
5gum is like the Kanye West of gums. It peaked, then it became too odd, but is still famous
What wrong with pandering gamers
Ironically this video makes me want to chew gum after drinking mouthwash
Nice to see Pedro Pascal's stunt double branching out
Would love to see them embrace the “how it feels” Meme and run commercials with some jackass breaking his leg doing a stunt for views or getting knocked out when a prank goes wrong. That s would be funny as hell.
Chewing with your mouth wide open into a mic and chewing gum are not the same thing.
My boi Pedo Pascal
The og Rain design is too nice
7:42 😂🤣
Not the gamer gum 😂
Jesus Christ that “proof” of the discord call was so disingenuous😂. Don’t get me wrong I wouldn’t want to hear someone chewing gum but that was some aggressive chewing😂 also I’m being overdramatic on purpose, I liked the video lol I don’t want you to think I actually had an issue with your evidence lol
Check mate, you just watched a 20 minute add for 5 gum
Not everyone chews gum like they are mentally challenged. Also PTT exists.  You wouldn't get away with chewing gum like that anywhere unless you are 5 y.o.
How could you not over the “Get the sensation” era?
Completely forgot about 5 gum. I remember the original adverts back in the day were odd but cool. Now the only chewing gum adverts that are on the tv are weird and cringy wriggleys extra adverts which dont make sense.
10:47 not only is that campaign poorly planned: IT'S POORLY DONE. whoever made that commercial definitely does not know how to. the MISALIGNED and UNRELATED stock icons (with a terrible intro transition to the frame) makes me think a poor junior editor or designer just didn't know what to do (or wasn't paid enough) and just kinda finished the commercial.
This is 💯I was in middle school when this was peak. Axe spray and 5 gum 😂
I guess this brand never took off outside of North America. Honestly never heard of it or its branding 🤷‍♂
I remember being a kid thinking the beginning of a 5 commercial was the trailer to a new game, I’d watch the whole thing just cause they were cool lol
I actually hated those commercials as a kid so long ago. I saw them as over the top, stupid, and ridiculous to compare gum to what was on the screen.
5 gum is the best gum brand I’ve ever tried idc
The truth or dare campaign was what I remember most. I couldn’t filter at the time but I remember looking at the wrapper of my gum and it said “take a three mile hike”  I ended up lost in the woods, I had no idea where I was and it took hours for me to return home. Mind you I was a kid and I was punished for going missing. I wasn’t allowed then to get five gum anymore.
Fuck 5 gum
5gum original advertising is truly revoluationary, which is insane to say, but true. and i did enjoy the flavors more than others as a probably more often than usual gum chewer. i had no idea about all this lol
I don't care about gum at all but great video
Bruh.  I was in middle school back in like 2010 When they released the react line, and all the hommies had 5 gum. They got to us with the crazy ads, with the black gum, with the textured packaging, it made it feel premium. It really was cool for us back in the day that we had no money but having 5 gum and sharing it with you’re friends was a legit positive feeling.
In middle school people would take off the foil and use it to smoke weed
So I wouldn’t be surprised if this is one of those things that a lot of people think they’re the only ones that do, but I actually think chewing gum increased focus and performance. I always chewed during school and gaming and genuinely believe I did better while chewing
The monster energy of gum.
I chewed a lot of 5 gum back in the day of high school dances to mask to copious amounts of underaged drinking I had taken part in. Worked like a charm.
Ive never heard someone chew gum like that
Those commercials were 10000x better than any movie tv show they put out now days
Im sorry to say but hanging pictures is really easy and im not handy at all
I stopped chewing gum wholeheartedly after this gum, never been better
I literally DO NOT game in discord calls. You assume we all do? the fuck
Discount pedro Pascual
Only Subhumans can be heard eating or chewing in a call
THE MATRIX MOVIE CHANGED THE GAME ON THE GRAPHICS SIDE
Dawg what I don't think i have gamed without gum in my mouth in like 5 years
How it chews to feel 5 gum
The next commercial should me a exploration team finding an abandoned complex covered in dust and debris. As they walk in, a switch is accidentally triggered and lights begin to kick on and machinery wirls to life and dust begins to vibrate and fall from the walk, revealing a large "5" on the wall. And end it with it cutting to the original ending to the commercial.
I hope people who work in corporations see this and realize how dumb of a choice this was. But they probably wont so why am i even typing this?? PICKLES!!
Ima ask my girl to marry me with a gum ring
5 gum ravaged quite a number through every high school back in the day
maybe they should’ve just replayed their old ads forever? They were pretty timeless after all lmfao  Or evolved into more than just a chewing gum company, crazy i know
As a non gum chewer from this era, 1, 5 gum is legendary, 2 I much prefer cigarettes
gum is gum no one really cares about the brand
I play better when I’m unbelievably mad
You know it's funny, if they just went all the way and put nicotine in the gamer gum it probably would have worked
PeeWee Pedro Pascal
Please dont ever chew gum on a recording again. I know you did it as an example but that made me instantly despise you
7:39 yeah there's a reason no one's done that
They should just put cocaine in it at this point haha
I've literally never heard of the Respawn gum and never consciously realized 5 was as responsible for the life-changing ridiculous 'stimulate your senses' ads as they were for the very few 'haha, being human is weird, get some gum in that silly little mouth of yours' ads. So, great vid, lmao
I saw these in the shop today but I was hesitant to purchase it as firstly I didn't understand the flavours and secondly it was costly
Well, chewing gum does enhance focus, but like.. all gum does that, not just 5 lol
Not anymore( 5 human senses,? I can proudly  say I tapped into a new sense)  if my life plans fall short at a certain time period, I'll start selling training.  ON MY LORD, JESUS AM NOT CAPPING!!!! Ama be charging just to say how it works!. Let along training.
The highest trafficked gum in middle school
Im glad i didn’t see the newer 5 commercials 😅 the original slogan and production was the best they had
Idk if you can call calloused hands “build a bear”
Yeah being a millennial during the five gum era, that shit bumped. From the packaging, to the gum and marketing - all hype. I remember my step mom woukd buy me a pack of 8 from Costco every few months lol
No one knows what it means, but it's provocative! It gets the people going!
GLAD I WATCHED THIS THIS WAS HILARIOUSLY INFORMAL
"how it gums to chew 5 feel"
Why you look like Pedro Pascal
you look like a mix between Burt Reynolds and Pedro Pascal, and that's a compliment
You look freakishly like Jose Pascal in this vid
Holy shit I completely forgot about 5 gum
Ngl I've had a 5 gum meme in my camera roll for over a decade now; the b&w pic of a guy on fire obviously in extreme agony running with "how it feels to chew 5 gum" in the corner lol
Respawn was only available at gamestop
I'm genuinely surprised that I haven't heard of any of this after the stimulate your senses campaign
bro cant tie a tie
I loved the 5 gum commercials, they were ahead of their time lol
Pedro Pascal 😅
I quit watching 21 seconds in, this editing is rough 😬
I'm sorry, but "How it feels to chew 5 Gum" reminds me of the memes.
Most people know it for all the memes that used the gum
Those original "how it feels to chew five gum" ads were peak civilization.
Ok Mando put your helmet back on baby yoda needs a diaper
Now that you mention it, yeah...
i remember having 5 gum once it was alright
This video makes me wanna buy some 5gum.   Too bad I won’t
“Who eats gum while gaming?”  Idk man, Anyone who can chew like a normal well adjusted human being and someone who wants to have some gum while gaming?  Why is eating chips not weird but chewing some gum is?    Oh right, Because he intentionally made really loud annoying noises while eating gum, So that’s what it must be like!
…. I chew gum while gaming ….
Over here in the corner! Me! Me! I chew gum while playing vidja gaems!    Actually I do often chew some gum while gaming helps with focus... And reduces the desire for wanting to snack or drink through intense and extended gaming sessions in like helldivers or something. Also my mic does a good job cutting the audio so most of the time my friends don't know I am chewing gum unless I blow a bubble or something.
5cum
I used to love 5 gum
I still go for the green 5 as my main gum the only other gum that I love equally is doublemint
Middle school me loved 5 gum, me and my friends would always have some with us
Elixir was my favorite flavor, it was so sweet I really loved it!
I've literally bought ONE pack of this shit. Im 35... And i remember like 15 years ago... there was no wrigleys at Walmart so i grabbed this shit. That was it. I branded it as "that shitty one that calls spearmint rain."
"Other options stole our share of the hearts and pockets of modern millennials"   Wriglys... i got news for you, millennials got kids and a 401k now... theyre full grown adults
Long story short. Woke people made them go broke.
'Have you ever fucked with your pants on?'...is their marketing team a bunch of 8 year olds?
“What’s your ____ size” I remember I got that one in school freshman year 😂
I used to chew gum a lot, when I went to school, I liked five for the flavor, and the ads were nice but the flavor didn't last very long. In my experience Orbit lasted the longest ( after chewing gum for some time it'll obviously lose flavor) orbit would always hold out and be the best bang for your buck in my experience. Orbit still remains my favorite, but I remember all those years ago that five had a hip feeling to it, I didn't know that they steered away from it, I just knew the ads stopped appearing and five faded from my mind.
What is this guy talking about. 5 gum is doing fine. It's in every store and gas station. I've been using it consistently for over 8 years now. I really like this gum for It's long lasting flavor.
I didn't know young Pedro pascal had a youtube channel 😂
Я помню жевал их в 2012 в Чебоксарах 😮
16:45 .... I just always chew gum, don't judge me???
“What was once seen as a hip, and rebellious confectionary” at first I was like ??? But then i remembered being a kid and how you were never allowed to have it at school and stuff 😂
I really liked 5gum. The ads were really cool. Best part was honestly the shiny wrapping paper haha. My favourite was the orange/yellow one.
Been chewing it since middle school it helped me concentrate during test. Helps me concentrate a bit more on other places like keeping more focus during driving and yes indeed video gaming!
You kinda look like Pedro Pascal 😂 like his son or something
That "leaked" commercial just sounds so fake. It sounds more like a parody. I doubt they actually made it.
I feel old Remember this at school
I thought Pedro pascal start his own yt. wtf lol
Ironically, no matter what they do now, 5 is probably going to be my goto gum for awhile still. You just can't beat that sleak design. Flavors are pretty standard. But stimulate your senses campaigns are stuck in my head too. They probably could have just played reruns of those ads for the ladt decade rather than rebranding and wasting money on new marketing strategies.
Trident is way better than any of the Wrigley's gums because the flavor actually lasts more than five minutes.
Still the best longest lasting gum on the market
😂😮😂
holy shit Pedro Pascale has a yt channel
Dey puh da mashda cheev in da soda!!
You sorta look like a dollar store Pablo Pascal.
Elixir (berry flavor) was my favorite and I was so pissed when they stopped selling it
16:59 Horrible point.   Its equality annoying so hear someone sip and swallow loudly, eat chips or anything else in all. it is a person problem and not a brand problems.  Also if you chew your gum with an open mouth then you are a dog
This has started an argument with my wife 😂😂😂😂😂
Is anyone else sad that there were 0 memes of THE format. xD
I remember seeing 5 gum ads as a kid and as someone who didn't even like gum I wanted some so bad
I only remember the how it feels to chew 5 gum memes, no idea they had commercials like this but it’s crazy for some of their… ideas
Cobalt is great though , not even gonna lie
Not funny. First and only video
You sound like Adam Goldberg
Eh, still doesn’t hold a candle to Ice Breakers if you ask me. I should know since I got several packs of Ice Breakers Ice Cubes gum stashed all over my house and car. 😂
They missed out on cum-gum, marketed to furries; the furries are very profitable so I think this may have worked.
7:40 😮 O!
People like breath mints?
I really like this video so far but at certain points like 6:49 or 9:57 you use a sort of electric crackle transition sound and it starts on a really high buzzing nose, basicly inaudible to most people, but also causes my tinitus to go haywire  Also: i chew gum while gaming. I chew gum while doing a lot of things, its better than eating all the time and i have a weird chew tick where i start chewing on stuff without realizing. Never in my life have i made sounds while chewing gum, and any eating sounds i might make are filtered out by the sound 17 layers of noise suppression any voice chat applies to you
It’s so loud when you go out of your way to hate lol bro said who chews gum while gaming what the fuck are you even talking about bro it’s a stimulant 😂 entertainment isn’t forced brother
Why is young Pedro Pascal suddenly interested in ads ?
I trapped packs of 5 gum in middle school. They were real popular in the late 2000s
This guy talks a lot like coffeezila…
It's funny to me that instead of realizing that the rebranding campaigns weren't working Wrigley's kept doubling down on the thing that was destroying their brand name.
They did a good job i still chew 5 gum even to this day because the Commercials where so good when I was a kid. I used to think 5 was the coolest gum ever
It’s still the only gum I chew. Probably because of the commercials/packaging.
Annoying 😮
Your last joke made me unsub
5 gum , axe body spray, and monster 😂
Honestly imagine a modern advertisment with those effects
I feel like you dont know what edgy means lmao
Who remember the 9/11 memes of 5 gum? 😂
For me, it’s the “5 gun meme” that sold me
For me, it’s the “5 gun meme” that sold me
Bring back solstice!!!
For the longest time when I was in high school I thought it was a lace with nicotine or some kind of chemical it was because of the ads it's fun to look back😅😂
5 gum was the monster energy drink of gum
7:35 Congrats Wrigleys you just sealed the deal that ill never buy your gum again
17:11 if your playing alone not on discord or just playing a single player game I can see people chewing gum, I’ve got a problem where I just chew random things so I chew gum (I’ve chewed plastic straws, plastic clothes tabs, bottle caps from water bottles) so chewing gum while playing. Aldur’s gate 3 isn’t outside the realm of possibility for me.
Impressive how they managed to fumble something that everyone was into. The 5 gum memes were huge.. that was a major success for the company
Anyone else sick of these soy boy youtubers trying to don a moustache
yeah, turns out, b vitamins, or more specifically b12, is really good for energy. like it helped me get out of a mental rut/mini-depression
I remember how bland it was...
Time to eat that pack of 5 i left in tge fridge for 2-3 years now
Pedro Pascal JR
17:05 imma be so fr pros and ppl who play competitively chew gum because it keeps you somewhat stimulated at all times, youre never gonna space off. Some of my best SnD matches have been with a pack of gum fr
Im a huge enjoyer of mints and gum, 5 is one of the best and it last a decent amount of time, its just that mints are superior in every regard then you add the fact that gum needs to be disposed and its a no brainer
*subscribed*
u look like a more twinky pedro pascal
I still remember the limited addition Adamantium themed gum for The Wolverine, & at least one of the commercials that was promoting the movie's release date had the scene of Hugh Jackman doing his leap kill off the train.
The original campaign was brilliantly successful, to the point the slogan took on a life of its own as a meme phrase. I didn't even realize they had stopped doing that campaign a long time ago, because I still see people reply "How it feels to chew 5 gum" under videos where something bizarre and extreme happens. No amount of money can force a slogan to "Where's the beef?" status, that's lightning in a bottle.
I remember when they were somewhat new and I had a pack on my like desk and my God parents came to visit my mom they were like "woah what is this" opened it and were surprised it was just gum. They said the box looked so luxurious so there marketing worked I bought it for the commercial and they got some cuz the box was nice
Me: Mom, can we get Oberyn? Mom: No, we have Oberyn at home. Oberyn at home:
But they taste like shit
I used to LOVE 5 gum. I also used to sell it to classmates for $0.25 a stick and boy, I made a lot of money in high school. And funnily enough, I think I dropped 5 gum when their ads changed lol
1:31 sounds right 😂
They could have just kept things status quo and the gum would have done decently fine… there was no need to change. Those adds were interesting enough and not cringy enough that people would have purchased it. The packaging and messaging to me almost kinda hit like they wanted them to have the image of cigarettes, but the healthy hip new age version. An oral fixation that is stimulating, delicious and wont kill you slowly Lol
i bought one pack in 2007 and never again because the flavor lasted about 5 seconds and it tasted just like every other gum
I’m only 57 seconds in so far, but I can’t help but think you’re misusing the word “edgy” 😂 futuristic maybe what you’re looking for. Shit was definitely over the top. But edgy? Nah.  I’ll finish the video now lol
"The axe bodyspray for gum" is so accurate bro 😂😂
You were a king in school if you at 5 gum lmao
I remember I stayed with Glare, Swerve and Elixir 5 gum as a kid-teen 😂 every other flavor just tasted like every other gum just enhanced flavor. Although Glare and Elixir flavors would  go away fast it was different from the originals
Im so confused. Chewing gum is less work on the game versus having dorrito crumbs or taking a sip of soda. Especially if you CHEW WITH YOUR MOUTH CLOSED like a normal person 🤷‍♂️
Used to buy juicy fruit cuz it was good, they changed the formula then tasted like ass that's why I stopped
I ain't never watched this youtuber before but why does he look like he's in a video call performing on how to laugh and then cry?
To think memes did a better job at advertising then the creators of their own product.
Why did i watch this
you probably realize this but this entire video has likely served as a pretty good ad for five gum lol
Watching this while chewing 5 Gum
As a concept artist and sci-fi writer, I find the original ad campaing far more valuable and interesting than the product itself.  The concept of getting to some industrial facility just to experience pleasure by high tech and extreme means is, unironically, quite cool for a cyberpunk story, for example
2018 ad run was because of Trump
I never buy stuff cause i saw a commercial for it. I am an anti consumer. I only buy what i need. If i don't need it, no ad on earth will talk me  into thinking i need it enough to spend money on it
How does this channel not have 1M subs?  Quality content here
Anyone wanting to buy the respawn "gamer" gum lol Amazon has them
I dont even see them out anymore i use to be so hype about 5 gum
I never wanted to chew Bubblegum so much
I get a headache chewing gum while gameing
"The rebrand" They're slowly going into LGBTQ. it's only a matter of time before they have queers spitting gum into each other's mouths for commercials.
So, no one knew how much this gum was a thing for stoners in the early 2000s?
I miss the 5 Gum Solstice flavour. To this day its still my favourite gum I can think of, and it was the ad campaign that got me to try it. Then it got... discontinued? Or replaced by Wintermint? I don't even know if the flavour really changed between the two anymore but I was always craving Solstice and something was different, so I stopped buying it as often.
I remember always having 5gum in highschool. That was 2014😅
I loved the RPM fruit flavor gum.
i swear i thought this was pedro pascal
14:50 this actually made me chuckle
I’m glad I never seen any of the new commercials besides the originals because who they hell still pays for cable when you can literally watch anything illegally on [REDACTED]
So, 5 gum tried to become Mentats from Fallout? Hilarious, was totally NOT wondering why it wasn't on the shelf at Walmart anymore 🤣
Anyone remember Red Bull flavored 5 gum? Lol
I'm from SoCal, i was the targeted age at the time that 5 gum came up. I can almost guarantee I had never seen a 5 gum commercial. And i watched a lot of television back in the day
Bro look like Pedro Pascal
Why can't old rich people be NORNMAL
Youths choose smoke and vape lol
They could have jumped on the cyber punk genre and made 5 gum cyber punk
Most razer products are garbage they break easily their software is clunky and janky the only thing going for them is that they have niche unique products that other companies could produce better but they dont
I remember walking into a store, seeing 5 gum and going “Oh yeah. I remember that” and not buying it. They fumbled the bag hard
Why does bro sound like Jeff from Clarence 😂(no hate tho good vid👍)
I would pay A LOT to be able to taste their mango/maracuja/tropical flavoured gum once again. Chances are, I never will :’( But Lord knows there are some stripes somewhere on this world, long forgotten in and old school bag or drawer or something… They had orange packaging and I remember eating them basically every day in middle school, even though they were crazy expensive :’)
It really says a lot when the most recent 5 Gum ad I even remember was in fact a 2016 shitpost based on the Stimulate Your Senses ad campaign with a home video of some dude crashing through a glass table.
I chew gum when I play video games, and discord has a volume threshold that you can adjust so people don’t hear you chewing gum, but will hear you when you talk.
Chad marketing
I remember when I was a kid I thought that the '5' meant that the flavor would last for 5 hours... I was disappointed
I still have those old packages with a few fresh gums inside them. :D  Should I sell them
He’s got the swampletics plate. This man is cultured.
14:10  my birthday 😂
10:46  um is that the guy that presents infographics show 😂
This made me want tropical 5 gum i havent had it since i was a kid i can taste it now, but trident was better
I used to chew gum while playing league with a friend, he really hated it and asked me to mute all the time
Bro you’re fuckin hilarious
Never had the stuff
I thought that 5 gum was somethin' for pc like a graphics card
3:19 is when the video actually starts.
5 gum is still my favorite gum to this day
You kind of look like you could be pedro pascal's son
I used to collect 5 gum as a kid 💀
Im old, and I clicked this video despite never having a piece of 5 gum in my life.  I had no idea what kind of rollercoaster I was in for, lol.  Good work.
So all that and nearly 20 minutes and you never told us if gum is good?
I like how you say you couldnt hang a picture "look at my hands" as you show the calluses on your hands. While I'm guessing a lot of youtube viewers didnt even know hands could form callouses.
Now I want 5 Gum
Before watching this video, I love Five gum. It really does last longer than Trident and is more flavorful AND lasts longer than Extra
Why is Yumulack from Solar Opposites talking about 5 gum at me?
I mean, who uses voice chat while gaming?
Ah 5 gum, for when you want to chew gum for just a few moments before it looses all it's flavour
I was wondering why Wrigley Canada's lavish office home office on Leslie just kind of disappeared one day.
The Pedro pascal of YouTube
that closing line went HARD
How it chews to gum five feels. Gum gum.
Watching this while chewing that 5
Does anyone remember the flavor that tasted like Rockstar Energy? All i remember was it was yellow and kids at school treated that like money
9:50 ,, if they give me money I would photos everywhere, family photos, funeral - 5gum so intense it revives the dead,,
Shave
I guess it's not "New" 5 gum anymore?
Aight u gotta admit. Then ending of this video was fire
"Randomly" being recommended this video while chewing 5 gum because it is literally the only brand currently being sold at my local Walmart checkout is kind of spooky.
Hahaha, I remember this being a huge meme the entire time it was out. No one even ate it, we just joked about how dumb the commercials were
The whole change in direction feels like their usual advertising team was forced to hand off 5 Gum to another, bigger advertising firm in 2007, and everything afterwards was when it was returned to the original team.
5 gum what it feels like after you chew it!  🍑🔥🫧💩
they forgot how it feels to chew 5 gum
Wrigley simply forgot how it feels to chew five gum
The only reason I can think a gamer would want to chew gum is to prevent the need to run to the kitchen for more  snacks. Lol
To be perfectly honest, I don't even remember a single 5 commercial except those first ones... 😅😅
if the caffeine dose were high enough and the cost low enough I would buy caffeinated gum, respawn should've just been that tbh
I’ve never heard of this gum. I guess I’ve seen it in stores, but never thought twice about it. Where do you even see ads?
They should just put a little bit of meth in each stick, not enough to be illegal, just a small pick-me-up amount.   Methmint gum... freshen your kiss breathe, before you get old & lose your teeth... Methmint!
I would unironically buy 5 Gum just from the wall advertisement.
This video is probably the most effective 5 gum ad within the last decade.
i just bought their gum because i was addicted to monster in middle school and one of  the flavors tasted like it lmao
When will they learn. Anytime you try to reach gamers as a “key demographic” it backfires so hard😂
It must been a really long time since I’ve had 5. I don’t remember truth and dare.
Good ol how it feels to chew 5 gum could have been combined really well with the truth or dare tbh :c
I mean they were sort of right? Gum is suggested to improve focus but like   Thats general gum
I got triggered by how you chew gum on that discord call lol iwouldn't even notice somebody chewing gum unless they don't know how to chew with their mouth closed lol
For the record, chewing gum while gaming is actually a pretty common thing especially among professional players, cause it helps concentrate. This is an actual thing
5 gum peaked with those weird lab commercials, had they just stuck with that they'd be infinitely more popular now, ESPECIALLY with the potential to tie it in with their "pandering to gamers" phase, but alas, we are living in a darker timeline than that
I will die on the hill that 5 vortex (apple) is (was) amazing, and they messed up big discontinuing it. I dont need 15 different brands of mint gum dammit, gimme back my apple gum!   Also im part of the (apparent) niche that chews gum while i game, but i do it with my mouth closed, unlike the absolute savage that made this video 😂
You can deny it was the axe body spray of gum 😂 it was just gum with over the top advertisements. It's not that deep bro
The truth or dare package was huge at my high school idk what you’re talking about lol
What I do not understand is why they did not take the redbull aproach, it was such a logical step. Sponsors some crazy stunts, in the end slap on how it feels to chew 5 gum, stimulated your senses. Never-ending formula for commercials
Pedro pascal talks about gym for 20 minutes straight non stop
14:32 Actually, there is some science to using peppermint to improve focus, but it's not instantaneous. I actually used to chew Rain or Cobalt while studying. I eventually chewed Cobalt exclusively for studying, because Rain was my favorite and I didn't want to associate it with studying.  Point is, it's like meditative breathing or mnemonics. The idea is that you take a very strong smell or flavor, peppermint and orange are the most popular ones, and you associate that with positive momentum in whatever you're trying to accomplish. Like whitenoise machines being used for work or sleep, or gym music. It's meditative conditioning to help you remember or focus on something you otherwise wouldn't want to do. And it worked great! I can still remember the algebra formulas I studied when I went through a pack of Rain and Swerve simultaneously. 😂
Outro was a better 5 ad in 5 seconds than last 5 years of 5 ads
10:47 this is like going to the girl you like and saying "hey, that dude stole your heart from me, so now I have to remind you that I can make you happy"
I actually chew gum while gaming all the time. But I don't smack when I chew. You could make the same argument about crunching chips while gaming. Which I don't do.
u sound like yumyulack
I bought that exact gamer gum for like literally 95% last week in the back corner of Walmart in their weird little clearance section, next to the 25 cent full sized Toxic Slime chocolate bars nobody else wanted apparently. I'd never seen any of the ads for it lol.   I stocked up on both XD
The discord bit is you know…
Youre purposesly chewing obnoxiously at 17:37. Chew like a normal human and thats not a problem.
17:31 What you're doing is being an ass.  That would be likenme saying "Me tapping my pencil on my desk is distracting, and I can prove," and then I slam my pencil as hard as I possibly can. I don't know if this is supposed to be Cinema Sins levels of bad satire, but I doubt your skills either way.
"stimulate your ferrets"
10:45
Good video but that one discord bit was so fucking annoying it made me dislike it.
Ill buy 5 when they rerun the original commercials
is this Pedro Pascal?
he sounds like a chicken 5:15
Was about to say caffeine works way better than 'vitamins' then you immediately mentioned energy drinks.
Why.......why oh why are you at better advertising than the company that makes 5 gun bravo my man bravo
So I was in 6th grade when 5 took off. I never saw an ad for it ever cause we didn't get cable.   But my class loved 5 because of the colored wrappers. We figured out you could peel the colored foil off the paper and then redecorate your super cringe planner with a collage of the foil colors because it stuck to the texture of the planners. People who had parents who were willing to buy them a bunch of gum would show up to school with the new color and people would flock to ask for the wrappers. I remember when gold and black came out lol. People who are good at peeling the foil in bigger pieces got a lot of attention to peel wrappers for other people in exchange for the actual gum  We literally cared about the wrappers more than the gum lol
FYI black people dance anywhere I’ve danced at the skatepark multiple times
i honestly didnt know they ever changed their marketing, "i guess the how it feels to chew 5 gum" was s synonimus with the brand that nothing else ever reached that level of awarness for me to to notice
It's Gateway to what experiences? Intriguing? Hahaha yeesh the marketing went with 'Intriguing' as their anchor word 😅  I agree, that is cringe
Now I chew 5 when I join a cartel
i know where the dancing skate park is
This was very well done and interesting. I think the problem with these giant corporations is they don't think of their customers as intelligent beings anymore. Therefore they're out of touch with what entertains us, and since they don't appreciate that we're why they're successful, they don't care.   I stopped chewing gum when the industry stopped making any that didn't have artificial sweetener in it. I'm not going to put my health at risk for gum.
I still look forward to having a watermelon 5 if I see it. Simply because I remember the ads back then had some of the most batshit crazy premises ever thought of
I chew gum while gaming because it's a replacement for vaping non stop when I'm stressed out.
If you’re gonna smack your lips like that, of course people are gonna notice you chewing gum in a call
for a while I actually thought 5gum was a f-ing condom brand
Great advertisements, gum tasted like rubber.
So strange, me and my friends during school would always hail 5 as royalty over eclipse. I would probably still get it if im after non minst gum so weird for them to slander their own image.
16:28 Hear me out: Putting B vitamins in chewing gum is lowkey genius. Vitamin B12 absorption requires binding to proteins in *saliva* which shield it from degradation by stomach acid and gastric enzymes. This means using chewable supplements, such as gummies or **drumroll** chewing gum leads to far more efficient absorption of B12. Thank you for coming to my TED talk.  Sauce: https://ods.od.nih.gov/factsheets/VitaminB12-HealthProfessional/#:~:text=The%20process%20starts%20in%20the,binding%20protein%20in%20the%20saliva.
Bro… is this the square head dude from Clarence? Sounds just like him
This isnt even a 5Gum problem, this is all of advertising, what happened to commercials being funny and shareable?
I think all could be forgiven if they went back to the old commercial styles and no one would notice they had 10 years of crap
You did not have to make the outro hit that hard bro
I have chewed copious amounts of gum for 25 years and got 5 like once….as a male status seeker I fucked w extra then orbit now I’m on the cubes
Why you look like a dollar store Pedro Pascal
Oh snap he said the thing
I miss the old ads. They were so cool
gum is objectively better to chew on while playing than fucking dusty ass chips
I remember the gamer gum. It was honestly pretty good
Watching Pedro Pascal rant about gum for 19 minutes straight
Their target demographic was teenage boys? and their marketing campaign was so effective on me I was obsessed with it when I was a teenager around the time their marketing hit television????   Well damn, I really shoulda realized I was trans much, much sooner 😂 /lh
The commercials were dope as hell idc what anyone says
Well done man!
They should've targeted people who are in college and university and use the claim that it helps you focus!
The packaging was so revolutionary now most Wrigley gum is packaged that way.
5 got popular because of a talented marketing team, Executives failed to value that talent and probably fired the team thinking they can continue the image without the original team and it completely backfired
How did you even find good quality uploads of those ads? I tried to look for em earlier this year and could only find a couple
I feel like it has a lot to do with the fact that zoomers don't really take to commercials anymore since they're literally in fucking absolutely everything we consume now. I literally cannot step foot outside of my home without some form of advertising.   If they wanted to do something that'll make an impression on the youth they're going to have to do something like monster energy or Redbull does and invest in bigger productions that happen to do a lot with their product.
i find it funny that i chew gum for actual focus reasons, and not ONCE had i heard of 5 gum until the memes about the commercials      for anyone wondering, my preferred brand is Ice Cubes gum :)
Pedro Rascal
I can see where the OG DROID commercials get their inspiration from
They also did some pretty target product placement around the time of release! I remember seeing a pack of 5 gum for the first time in the left side of the song menu on guitar hero 3
Even today whenever I hear or think or read "Cobalt" I immediately think of 5-Gum first, mainly because I vividly remember seeing that word because of it for the first time...   I hate it.
WHAT WAS RPM
15:27  also environmental cleaning robots apparently
Many gamers have ADHD.  Chewing gum is a very effective way for ADDers to "fidget to focus".
So, it pandered to consumers too stupid to recognize they're being sold style over substance, the sizzle not the steak.
I actually miss Big Red and old Wrigleys.
I used to get the black ice one for two reasons and i realized this in social studies, the matte black packaging and the fact that they used skrillex to advertise it
I remember buying these packs and opening them at school during recess or lunch break along with several other kinds on a corner of the playground, we all felt so cool and mature almost as adults with a pack of cigarettes (in my country Smoking is still considered cool)
Don't let them forget they tried this. Subbing for that 😂
I do still chew 5 gum. I get the respawn at Circle K. Never use it for gaming though, only at work. One gripe I have is that the packaging falls apart very easily within a day of work. They need stronger glue or something fr.
Man i liked 5 gum.  I remember my dad got a Sam's club membership around 07-08 and i got a 25 pack of the 15 packs. I sold gum at 25 cents a piece and made bank. Was a little entrepreneur.
Honestly I think if they just jumped on the Meme wagon with the already established thousands of "how it feels to chew 5 gum" memes and just made people laugh with no real messages it would do well.
This video just popped on my feed and I thought this guy was pedro pascal for a sec💀
I remember saving 1 stick of 5 gum from packs I had or ones I got from friends, and I’d stick them under the laminated cover. It made badass collage of different metal colors and I’d get wafts of citrus and mint every time I opened it
I miss 5 Gum. Its still sorta around I guess, but not all the other cool flavors that used to exist. I miss the one with the black and rainbow color scheme of the package and the black gum, it was a mystery flavor, I think. I bought a whole box of that shit as a kid with my allowance once lol.
17:28 This is just a testamony to the declining state of krisp-filter in discord.
If they tryna sell it it aint worth it.
You look like the meme “we have xyz at home” except for Pedro Pascal
Honestly i never even heard the other slogans, i thought it just eventually stopped existing for some reason
Have you ever POOPED with your pants on?
I dont mind chewing gum while playing video game. In singleplayer  I can't really chew and talk with my team in an online multiplayer game  Also these entire time i thought 5 was a cigarette brand. Never thought it was made by wrigleys.  Over here in asia cigarettes always use flavor as a selling point. Then 5 came out in such a similar taste ads and billboard campaign i thought it was a cigarette, ended up with me not ever looking for it cause i'm not a smoker  My friend who was a smoker told me he bought 5 cause again he thought its a new cigarette brand. Ironically it helped him stop smoking
I wish u included the year or two those 5 gum memes were going on and if they helped with its popularity
bro is pedro pascal
I mainly chew only 5 gum - Cobalt. I just prefer the taste, even though it varies from pack to pack.  I just wish you would get more gum per stick. I need to chew at least 2 sticks to get enough gum, and they only have 15 sticks per pack.
i sent 5 gum a sponsorship application just now, i'll tell you how it goes
I thought the advertisements were so badass that I bought a pack and was disappointed that it's actually a mid gum.
Dude looks like Pedro pastel
I think the thousand phones one is my favorite  The rest are like over the top experiences and then suddenly here’s the most awkward and marginally uncomfortable thing that belongs in a dumb and dumber skit
I chew gum anytime it in my picket
Wake me up when they legalize xoxain so they can release xoxain gum.
I did get the occasional pack of 5Gum as a teenager to help me focus at school. But it only had like 8 straps and the flavor is awful after about 4 hours. And one time, I chewed on it for so long that the gum began to dissolve in my mouth, it felt like a footlong piece of string. Basically, the gum itself was not very good compared to the minty fresh alternatives.
It turns out the video was just a commercial showing how it feels to chew five gum.
Are u a chef? U have the callous thr same place as me
Great work on this video! Very inspiring
To me, it seems like they had a winning strategy, but wanted to try and "appeal" to modern times, even if it was still working 👀
I’m gonna be honest i still buy 5 gum as to me it’s the best tasting gum I’ve had. Gum > mints any time. And yes i am the one guy who chews gum while gaming but man your discord call demonstration was disgusting, who chews gum with their mouth wide open like that? Absolute heathens.
Dam he is really calling me out with the gaming gun thing.
Bro it’s not that hard to bang a nail
i laid some wild pipe and when we were both panting there recovering my empty ass head literally says “and that’s how it feels to chew five gum”. THATS how freaking iconic the originals were!!!
This video did more to advertise 5 Gum than 5 Gum has for a decade.
All your “t”s are “d”s in my ears and I adore that for us! Thanks for sharing!✨🤣✨
Axe body spray of gum is so true lol
I chewed gum while I was playing Forza once.  I only really did it to get use out of the gum before it went bad.
I was obsessed with 5 gum in 2010 middleschool, but it was because they made black coloree gum and all of my friends called it "emo gum". It was edgy and punk to us lmao
I wouldn't say chewing gum while gaming is all that crazy. Chewing gum goes great with lots of tasks, it helps people focus, and not every game is online and has voice chat my dude.
They should’ve stuck to their regular “how it feels to chew 5 gum” ads, they did great and were memeable, if your ad is meme worthy you stick to it because that’s free advertising.
just the mention of 5 gum makes me remember the taste, it was good and its a shame its gone
Ngl I like respawn. It has vitamins like b12 in it that does perk u up a bit. Tastes weird tho.
The marketing campaign was effective in the short-term, but not really memorable in the long term... I didn't remember any of those commercials until seeing them here, but I still sing "juicy fruit is going to move you"to this day, and that was from the 90s (and maybe earlier call me that's when I saw it)
I dont know if anyone remembers the Heineken commercials. I was 10 when they were good between 05 and 09. Intensely nonsensical romps through gorgeous party sets, like a combination of Pit Bull's 'Fireball' music video and a Willy Wonka fever dream. Man those were good, I didn't even want to drink Heineken I just wanted to see their ads
5 cum
0:12 looked like pedro pascal for a sec
That pandering to gamers bit reminds me a lot of when Red Bull did a promo in WipEout 2097 in like '96.
Growing up my dad wouldn’t let me have 5 gum, he said it had nicotine in it… I’m not sure why maybe it was just too expensive for him
The only sense it stimulated was my sense of disappointment at having spent so much money on gum when the flavor lasts all of ~15 seconds
Great value pedro pascal Aldis brand freddie mercury Dr whatever his name is pedo
I think there are actually studies showing chewing gum improves focus. It’s like stimming for non-autistics.
Pedro pascal?
I need gum now. Thanks...
loved you in the mandalorian and narcos man
Ayo, why is pedro pascal so mad about 5 Gum
17:30 I was dying laughing.
Pedro pascal kinda
As a 14 year old in 2007 I can confirm that 5 gum was the axe body spray of gum in grade 8
Interesting because I hated 5 and never have bought it specifically because of the over-the-top, edgy ads and nonsense names. I was a hubba bubba max type of guy personally.
“Hello President Skroob!”  “Hello Charlene.”  “I’m Marlene!”  “Hello Marlene.”  “I’m Charlene!”  “Chew your gum!”😂
Guys, I still chew 5 gum. Am I cooked?
As someone who grew up as a middle school aged boy at the height of the old 5 gum adds i gota say, it worked on me
Vapes are the new gum
17:35   I stopped watching here and will not be returning.
10:00 Thats fucking KAZIHURA MILLER FROM METAL GEAR SOLID
Pedro Pascal?
1:56 is super accurate 😂
Nailed that ending
A status symbol? No. Was it cool none the less? Absolutely
This was great
man I forgot how many kinds of bubble gums there were at some point in the 2010s, I don't think they even sell 5gums in my country anymore
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
I will never forget that time when my mom found a 5gum pack in my jacket and she thought it was condoms.
14:51 almost chocked on a piece of banana bread when the beat dropped.
Ill start chewing gum if the made a new  classic "how it feels to chew 5 gum" campaign
5 gum walked so Juul could run (and then not)
No way this dude did a video about 5 gum commercials and not bring up the 5 gum meme
FUCK OFF WITH YOUR CHEWING NOISES
The only thing I remember about 5gum is that my cousin once got into trouble for owning a pack, because, thanks to the edgy design, her mum thought it was a pack of condoms.
I was a hair old for 5's target demo so I missed all of the ads (I think?),  but I was always amused at how dramatic it was in general. I just cared that the flavor was nice.
as someone who grew up in the uk with no nostalgia for 5 gum, it was kinda nice to hear the back story behind the vines. it makes more sense now
This just proves my theory that gamers are the biggest consoomers on the planet and will buy literally anything.
What the fuck is wrong with you chewing gum like that? Gum is a stimming action so yes there are gamers that chew gum. A lot of people chew gum when in focus. They just chew gum not like a weirdo trying to prove a point for some shit ball YouTube expose. I was literally about to watch more of your videos before this
I chew a lot of gum when I game....
CONSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
I grew up poor. I was born in 96, and when i was like 15 i started seeing my first girlfriend and the fair came to town, so I was obligated to go with her! I was so damn nervous, so i couldnt eat anything that day.   I just grabbed a pack of cobalt five, and chewed through half of the pack. Then we went on a bunch of rides and I started feeling it... All five senses... She conviced me to get on those swings that rotate at high speeds, and my dumb ass sat in FRONT OF HER.  I threw up on her and the kids behind her lol good times :)
12:26 no its 5 gum stupoid
Marketing was a mistake
How it chews to feel 5 gum
i have a tendency to chew on stuff, gum helps avoid smoothing my teeth out before the age of like 40
honestly that respawn gum has nice packaging in my opinion
Seeing corporations try to be “relatable” to younger or  “modern” audiences by doing things that are only ever absolute cringe is possibly the worst thing about the YouTube and tv experience of this era.
Yeah the best adhd homebrew treatment is b vitamins and a weak stimulant, caffeine is the moser socially acceptable of the over the counter stimulants. Add sugar in the mix and yeah,
5 Gum ads do what monster energy ads want to do
This is just Cred all over
How it chews to gum five feels. Gum gum.
Bro just showed what the company did wrong and told them what to do instead. Wrigleys should pay you man you basically did all of their marketing team's work.
You look Chinese when you wear a headband
The market got destroyed by kids switching to ZYNS 😭😭😭
you're like a mix between pedro pascal and kurtis conner, and that's not a good thing.
Can I pay you to dress up like the mandalorian without the helmet obviously
Why would I want to see real life in a product? How can this be relatable? Real life is boring! Their ads are boring! 5 Gum is trash, they completely spat and shat on everything that made them unique. Ahh. Unique. A word you don't hear often nowadays, because most things aren't. Most things look the same. So garbage! I'm shocked @_@ Do you really think young people do all that happy stuff? Breh... 60% of Gen Z are literally depressed at home on tiktok/insta all day every day... Nothing is relatable anymore.
that outro tho xD 10/10
5 Gum is best gum because what other gum brand can you name that has been in a Spider-Man game? (Web of Shadows)
5 gum flavors felt like they lasted longer
How it feels to gum 5 chew
How it feels to chew 5 gum.
Great analysis if I was an ad professor this would be a great video to show to a class and spark discussion
I hate those gums that are left, cause either they are to spicy for me or those with 'no sugar' taste bad
Just started to see the Respawn gum at 7/11. First time I’ve thought about five gum in YEARS.
They really went from 'really cool thrill rides constructed in the matrix' to 'hipster teens chewing mint'
Now I want gum
You're young pedro pascal
There's a flavor that I missed the most. It tasted like redbull & it was a bop in my middle school years
The only reason I know this gum even still exists is cuz I buy it, its the best and lasts HOURS. The watermelon one was my favorite
the whispering “stimulate your senses” is as so iconic as
They should have made something like Zyn or End pouches but in gum form.
I had the Cobalt flavor for the 1st time in a decade last week after feeling Nostalgic. It was HORRIBLE, like an edgy Juicy Fruit. It sucks bcuz this gum was actually really good when it was 1st released & it was the only kind of gum I actually enjoyed as a teen.
i love 5 gum and idrc for the image, if i like it and its not gonna off me then imma use it
5 gum is the worst gum available
Damn how did I completely forgot about 5 gum  It just one day vanished when the world needed it the most
i still chew 5 gum to this day. i pick it over every other brand each time lol Those commercials really made an impression on my young brain
If 5 kept their original branding, they would've been a great sponsor for the 2024 Olympics!
They could have just kept the how it feels to chew 5 gum for decades and just change the packaging and packaging size  like everyone else
Pedro Pascaln’t
They gotta start marketing gum to office workers and receptionists. When i worked at a high volume dentist office, i *needed* gum took keep from going insane. I'm at a less stressful office now, so i dont need gum as often.
Fun fact, Razer also owns THX, that sound company whose logo you'd find on all those old Disney movies
Holy shit you look like Pedro pascal
This reminded me of stride as well!
Stop trying to help these marketing campaigns. The last thing we need to do is give free feedback to giant corporations marketing directors. Let them implode.
You look like Pedro Pascal
Im a magician ive been using the packs for magics tricks since they came out. the gum i dont really chew.
I remember seeing new commercials and hoping my friends would buy some of the new flavors so I can try it lol
Tell your dad Pedro Pascal he was awesome in narcos. Lol
Who actually chews gum anymore? I’m curious , I haven’t seen someone with gum in a long time. The last time I chewed gum it was Nicorette too quit smoking them beautiful cigarettes
For a second I thought you were Pedro pascal
I will only ever think of 5 gum as “stimulate your senses” the fact they would try to change that is just a travesty
Elderly people and bubblegum? Didn't they think about their demographic when going there? I mean, dentures don't like sticky stuff...
Elixir was the best it lasted 5 secs but it was amazing lol
This sucks
I just watched a 20 minute video where Pedro Pascal talked to me about gum.
5 was the predecessor of all energy drinks.
I remember buying this year's ago because it seemed so gamery
Who tf chews gum with their mouth open?
I remember the early ads for this from middle school..... God, I feel old as hell.....
YO middle school had a whole gum trading economic going for it  5 gum was for the rich
Stimulate your ferrets
I was the type of kid they targeted when it was released. We all had 5 gum or stride on hand all the time. I still think 5 is one of the best tasting gum but it's way too expensive. I see it for $4-5 a pack. At $2 a pack it's a no brainer.
Having the newest flavor of 5 gum at my highschool was synonyms with being popular. My mom worked at a cvs at the time and I got my hands on it. I have Friends to this day I made from just having gum all the time
I wonder how, as a grown man, you can come home from your advertising job, having worked the whole day on stuff like this and fall asleep knowing you did some honest hard work today
Who remembers stride mystery?
Elixir was my favorite flavor
The downfall of gum is due to overbearing teachers and school systems.
Wait, why have gum sales declined?
Those OG commericals were pretty damn cool, we don't have style like that anymore
The only thing weirder than 5 gum going from cool to cringe is how much slow looks like pedro pascal 😆
A vape is like chewing gum but gives me nicotine
But ngl it was the best gum. So soft
This guy looks exactly like Pedro Pascal 😅
12:26 they could have just had the old folks presenting wholesome stories, then say their biggest regret was not stimulating their senses 😂
I guess I’m weird for keeping krisp on and chewing gum… no one can hear me
They had the best slogan, hell, it became a meme... Corporate mistakes, probably.
Before watching this video I got a Mtn Dew ad featuring a Yeti, a Unicorn, a Lucious bearded man resembling the dude, and they were all playing soccer on a mountain or some shit.  It seemed ridiculously over the top which I thought was fitting due to the subject of this video lol
i didn't knew Pedro Pascal has a youtube channel Oo
I feel like I just watched a 20 min ad... fuck this heat, it's making me delirious
Listen, if you didn’t show up to high school with a pack of gum and give it out to people, you were getting bullied. 5 gum just happened to be the most popular brand at the time😂
Imagine if 5 gum kept this image and started doing collabs and branding. The possibility for the ads are limitless. Imagine if they partnered with marvel and the ad showed a guy chew the "Flare" flavor and he turns into Ghost Rider and rides off on his bike into the sunset
Yeah, if you were born with an abnormally small mouth. Surprise, you don't need to constantly chew to get the flavor. Good job being dramatic.
"Ever ride through a whirlpool on an electric eel?" 😂😂😂
I saw their ads in movie theatres when I was studying in Australia. Gums in my home country are never really a thing here, so we don't have 5 here but I never forget their ads
"5 gum breath, chiseled jawline"
Flare was my favorite gum for a long time. Still upset it's gone
The new marketing is ass, but 5 gum still slaps
This is incredible. I was in the target market when 5 blew up. I legit collected boxes. An understated aspect of the brand was how many flavors they introduced. Then they pivoted and dropped all their flavors and names.
I remember seeing the packaging in shops. I had missed the marketing campaign and just assumed 5 was the quantity in the pack. Seemed overpriced but I was curious. Then I couldn't make out from the pack what the flavours were, green apple? red strawberry? Opted not to purchase. For me, the campaign was a fail.
16:42 me, I am the Kind of guy to chew gum while gaming... just never 5. I allways prefered Extra or Big Red.
😂  build a bear is gangsta!
They should have invested less in marketing and advertising and just offering the product. I was quite in the target group of 5 that time but each time I tried it was just regular chewing gum with "unidentifiable" fruit flavour so I sticked with the mint flavour ones..
On their 2015 phase, I was just moved to the US and never heard of them. The propaganda made it seem like it was some type of condoms, never bought them until I realized they were with the other gums
As someone who used to avidly buy 5 gum, I stopped when they discontinued literally all of my favorite flavors (I mourn the loss of tempo everyday). When I recently saw the new line of gamer gum I decided to try it out since the new flavors were interesting, however all of them had this nasty dirt flavor and an abrasive gritty texture. IDK if I just got a bad batch or something but it was legit disgusting and I felt the need to wash out my mouth afterwards.
How it chews to gum five feels gum gum
I shit you not, up until this point I believed 5 gum was viagra or something... It didn't help that I've never actually seen anyone chew it or even buy it. In hindsight that kind of explains why it's always at the cash registers with all the other totally regular gums...
5 gum was a banger
Dude don't chew gum in your into your mic like you're liv morgan and you won't bug anyone
I stopped buying 5 Gum when they became insanely small and insanely expensive. Like what do they think, people buying GUM as a luxury product?
I literally only knew about the “How it feels to chew Five gum” I thought it was gonna be a video of people doing wild stuff as memes to that theme and how that somehow ruined 5’s brand.  I can’t believe how they thought any of the following campaigns were going to work 😂🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️
To me, main problem with 5 is that their package looks like a pack of condoms and not like a pack of gum.
Chew 5 gum.
I HATE 5gum and swore to never buy it again after they had unskippable youtube ads i hate them I HATE WRIGLEYS!!!
Gum has plastic in it
i saw that respawn gum on sale at 7/11 the other day
Cobalt is the best gum out there
Every time you say "eating gum" or something similar... It discredits your video. People don't EAT gum.
Pedro pascal?
5 gum lore lol
Hol up man [smacks lips profusely] so you be saying we be respawnin?
5 Gum was marketed as if it was MDMA
They just gotta learn to pander to people who do molly at raves
welcome back pedro pascal
The real problem is that the rest of us know how it feels when someone else is chewing like a cow.
Chew 5 and you might get laid too
What’s hilarious is that the obvious thing to do is just add caffeine to the gum, and then advertise on the adrenaline factor  also hold on , they make a gamer gum with five on the packaging and they don’t call it Ace?!?! what an absolute joke
Unreal u dont have 10x subs, you'll get there king great content
Man... Rpm gum was the shit tho
You look like Pablo Pascal
The problem with 5 gum advertising is that they marketed towards out of touch millennial hipsters instead of Gen Z or a broad group of people.
5 was my favorite chewing gum for quite some time, especially the cobalt
We still have it in Australia
To be fair if I'm playing solo I do actually sometimes (not often but still) like to chew gum, full on eating takes too long and is too messy (seriously anyone eating chips and then trying to touch my keyboard with their either chip dust or saliva covered fingers can gtfo right away), so just having something to chew on while gaming can be quite nice sometimes (it's also waaaay less calories than mindlessly downing junk food and soda on the side without even really noticing it).
you think putting master chief on doritos was the most edgy thing they ever did...? Oh, lad.
I see a lot of parallels between 5 and Oakley. I remember seeing Oakley as a kid and being blown away with how insane their image was, and now when I see it I see some shit only old dudes will wear while fishing
Stores only ever had Rain and Cobalt and once Extra came in the same packaging as 5, 5 died off
19:02 agreed, if i saw some awesome "stimulate your senses" commercial. Id probably pick some up for old time sake
my mother, walking into the guest room at three am and seeing me: "what are you up to this late?" me: "wathcing a video about chewing gum"
THIS is a YouTuber NIH!
The only people who buy gum are smokers.
5 was the shit in high school
16:10 PUT ADDERAL IN MY CHEWING GUM ALREADY
I tried it once. liked the taste a lot and newer bought it again
I grew up in Israel, and while 5 was pretty much the same over there in every aspect, one thing I find interesting is, we didnt have the crazy name schemes the english branding seems to have lol. We just had regular flavour names like watermelon or blueberries. The "craziest" name was the orange one, which was just "Tropical"
Only gum I buy is bubble yum. Wrigleys doublemint was great way0 back when chewing gum had real sugar.
I could seriously go for some Swerve right now.
"Who chews gum while playing video games?" Me, I'm the target audience. I literally started chewing gum (which happened to be 5 Gum because I liked how long the flavor lasted) to stop my nail biting habit while doing literally anything, including gaming.
The Chicago Cubs were invented by the Wrigley family to sell more gum
dang, you're making me nostalgic for a product that was always a let down, now I probably just dont realky care for gum enough to really like it but I used to have 5 gum quite a bit mostly because of those commercials.
Pedro Pascal is doing YouTube videos now?  Stop trying to be in everything, Pedro.
Never heard of this shit.
How many times a day do you hear that you look like Pedro Pascal? @slow_start
Same old story, man...as soon as corporate execs take over the reins they KILL everything they touch - been to a movie lately? Or tried to find Anything watchable on TV? I just don't bother with either any more...
13:26 never ever? Slept the last years? Companys left and right killing themselfes with their woke stuff.
whoa whoa whoa why am I looking on Pablo Escobar?
all Wrigley had to do was to literally LITERALLY capitalize on the meme . " How it feels to chew 5 gum " is etched into the memer mind forever. This was free estate for cool ads.  And to be honest, the gum was okay. i wouldn`t mind cool ads and some gum from time to time.
you sound like jeff from clarence
"Look at these hands, I look like I work at Build-A-Bear" then shows two caloused hands... no, no you dont
Has anyone ever told you you sound like Sean Giambrone voicing Yumyulack? Not a dig or anything. Your video was suggested to me by the algorithm, me and the girlfriend weren't convinced you aren't the guy. Great video, ridiculously distracting voice. I love it. Looks like we have a backlog to watch.
I just saw it as the expensive chew gum that wanted to pretend to be cigarretes waiting at the cash machine.
Those 5 gum commercials were so good for memes, I didn’t even know 5gum but trough memes i got to know it. Also is it just me or did the visuals fit perfectly as visual accompaniment for an old skrillex album? 😂
11:29 "Dare: spend an entie day without shitting" "Truth: what's the most horrible place you've ever shitted?" "Truth: have you ever shitted with your pants on?" The third one kind of answer the second
What is that... 😑  It's gum 🤪
Got nothing on PK
Nobody is asking the real question. Where is that clip of the steam locomotive driving of that hill from? Never seen it and it looks real to me, is that a stunt from some movie? Please let me know. Thanks. 13:34 Edit: Timestamp
First time im seeing this guy and hes literally pedro pascals younger doppelganger
Yeah but that advertisement worked. So others take notes
I first tried it because everyone was buying it in our mining town 😂 that was…. Ages ago
You look like you could’ve Billy butchers kid 😂
I remember the best joke I think I ever made, was when my mates for whatever reason decided to show my older brother that ‘funky town’ cartel video of a guy with all of his skin removed, and I made the comment ‘this is how it feels to chew 5 gum’.
TLDR : They basically asked the women that were wandering around the office what they fought of for advertising ideas and it ruined absolutely everything.
MW2 lobby, 5 gum, fantastic
I made a lot of money in middle school buying bulk packs of 5 gum and bite size airheads at my local Sam’s Club. I’d resell them at a quarter per stick of gum or bite size airhead. People had absolutely no problem paying that and a lot of times they’d give me a dollar for two sticks of gum and two airheads.   The airheads made good money, but the gum was really the best. I’d bring a dozen packs of gum a day and leave school with $30. Each pack sold for $3.75 and I got them for well under a dollar, it was like $20 for a 24 pack of them. They were compact and extremely easy to sell, plus the gum had nearly universal demand. Everyone wants gum.   The important part is to not sell anyone the full pack because that breaks the illusion that they’re getting a good deal. If you’re selling them a single stick and the price is a quarter, it’s very easy for them to not even think about the price because a quarter is so little, but if you allow them to buy the whole pack for $3.75 then it’s easy for them to realize that you’re making money off them because they’ve bought packs of gum before so they’re familiar with what the retail price should be.  Obviously they could just do the math in their head to figure out how much you make off the whole pack, but you’d be surprised how often people won’t do that when the price is low enough.   What I learned from that experience is that as a salesman, the main thing you have to overcome isn’t your customer’s desire to keep their money, you instead have to overcome their pride. The thing that will keep people from buying more than anything is if they know that you’re making a lot off them, because at that point pride kicks in and that pride will prevent the sale more than their wallet will.
Can't believe i was addicted to this thing as a kid.
love videos like this because i had never considered the rise and fall of the gum industry, even though i lived through it. we experience history every day, it just takes a decade to process it.
This video was probably better advertising for their gum than any of their commercials in the past ten years
I always liked stride better 🤷🏻‍♂️
As someone with misophonia who suffered a lot throughout school from it, I would be very happy if no one chewed gum anymore. Good riddance to human cud, I say!
Oh damn... I always thought it was  '' how it feels to chew five gums '', in plural,    As if the unbelievable sensorial experience was acquired from the fact of chewing five different gums at once...
Thisis just too much hate, for a brand that made some mistakes, but tried to not be burried alive by the new conducts of its potencial consumers. With respecto, you are good making videos, but i truly dont know if you know about marketing .
They set themselves up in a way so if they now do a throwback over stimulating ad it would probably do pretty good
i dont watched the ads for me it was the cool package design
I really don’t be liking these type of videos but you’re actually entertaining and funny which is rare on YouTube now
discount Pedro Pascal talking about gum wtf xD
Yeah I absolutely remember in the late 2000s when you were the kid with 5 gum you were beyond cool
yo its pedro pascal
at 13:40 i got a fucking flashback bro like a long time ago i went out somewhere with my dad and there was this pretty big event for juicy fruit gum with inflatables and all and i was there like "who the actual fuck is excited about this?" the gum was in stores for less then a year and i've never seen it again. i got like 2 or 3 packs of it to bring home at least
scumbag marketers are worthless
Pedro Pascale lookin ah
this vid is the best ad for 5 gum since those commercials
If you seen mentos commercial then you know what chewing gum is mainly for. Today with cellphones and zoom no need to make your breath smell minty after eating garlic pasta for lunch.
I like chewing gum when I play 😢
Gamer scuba gear should be next
How are those spaces "uncanny" come on now  Also, you might know, but that was a wave. A whirlpool is the one in the water that spins, it's a vortex
It's actually pretty good
Respon was ahead of its time
It’s good for teaching kids how to chew with their mouth closed apparently
only time I've felt the need to leave a corrective comment but, uhhhh bro. chewing gum has a long history and studies connecting it to improved focus. the US military has pushed on it a dozen times during conflicts to improve focus. it's also probably why nicotine gum was chosen early as an ideal form of the product as a generally-accepted anti-smoking aid for people addicted to the stimulant that is nicotine. great video, but you seemed to baselessly dismiss gum's focus benefits more than a few times. a short read on the subject: https://unwritten-record.blogs.archives.gov/2019/09/24/chewing-gum-in-wwi-photos/ (yes I was a diehard 5 kid for lol's, but just enjoy gum as a high-energy, low focus smoker-tryna-quit)
The marketing totally worked wonders on me when I was 14. Seeing these commercials I had the feeling that this gum, only cool people would chew. Only more grown ups and manly dudes could appreciate the greatness of a 5 gum, so I naturally begged my parents to buy it for me.   It was the most expensive gum on the shelf and I wanted it, because of the exact male status, the marketing demons expected of (or wanted to impart on) me.
I get your point but who the hell lips smack while chewing gum???
5 gum tastes good but if you chew it more than 30 mins it’s falling apart
Im from the Philippines. Ive never seen any commercials of these but when i first saw them in convenience stores i always thought they were condoms lol
I was 16 when it lunched in my country.. I remamber purposly going to the shop just to try it because it looked cool... It was expensive and didn't give me superpowers, therfore I was out and never invested into it again
I don’t know why but when I first saw a five gum commercial as a kid, I thought this is a gum for adults. I was never so excited to chew a gum ever again. It had a mysterious aura. By far the best candy commercials ever.
Infinity  gum did something similar and had huge success with their mystery flavour
Old 5gum as a (pre-)teen was basically my by then concept how drugs work
‘Are you too stupid to hammer nails?  Try Displate’
wow is that pedro pascal ?
Pretty much all I rememeber about 5 Gum is shit like this: "Ever ride a nuclear warhead into the center of a collapsing black hole? No? Then you're too much of a pussy to chew our gum. Now excuse us while we go wrestle polar bears bare-handed on Neptune, nerd"   And then 5 years later seeing ads like "I'm a quadropalegic orphan who survived 3 years in Auschwitz, then developed every stage 4 cancer in existence and had all of my children launched into the sun in front of my eyes. But nothing makes me feel better quite liike 5 Gum."
7:56. YW
The purple one is definitely the one I kept on hand all throughout middle school . It was sweet sour and had that cooling sensation high school I kept the orange stride lol
20 minute video hating on gum and it's marketing campaign...however cringe each campaign was it was highly profitable and made them more money. They just followed stupid social Gen z trends and it worked. While older generation couldn't relate they got the younger people to become a customer. Dude who made this video mad at a gum 😂😂😂
All I know is childhood me really fucked with those commercials
It wasn’t gum, it was also rolling paper for some 😂😂
while the brand image may have died the gum is still around and very alive. so dam good.
who chew gum with the mouth open? is eating with the mouth open, and chewing gum can help with the focus on game matches, there is a weird reason why it happens but it does
How it feels to chew 5 Gum (rain): the harmonic chords of string instruments send vibrations through your finger tips- mimicking the eruptions of the sound of thunder right as the rain storms cool off the plains.
17:27 you're supposed to keep your mouth shot while chewing anything
Designing the gum pack like a cigarette pack was a geniu move
See no problem
Thks shit was almost as badass as the bionicle adds
They had so many flavors too
Five used to be called "Extra" or "Trident" if I remember correctly.
Pedro Pascal is that you??????
Is this, the Mandalorian?
Stimulate your ferrets.
I still see references to "this is what it feels like to chew 5 gum" in memes in 2024. It may not have accurately connected their product to their image, but it definitely left an impact  they feel like those anti-vaping commercials that really feel like they're secretly pro-vaping. Excessive edginess is dumb and doesnt make me want their product, but it does make for visually interesting commercials
This was during the axe phase too wasn’t it?
"Who chews gum while playing video games?"  Autistic gamers who have a chewing stim.
Pena is it u?
I 100% agree i LOVED 5 gum ads as a kid which is weird cause everyne hates ads now lmao
We all know Pedro Pascal is your father.
They had something good going why did they change it
Only the rich kids in middle school had 5 gum back then... Now they have  3000 dollar shoes
7:38 😆
I remember trying 5 gum and noticing it was expensive and tasted exactly like winter fresh
î stopped buying gum when i found out most of it was basically made from oil, like not food oil but the same shit plastic is made from, yuck
The reason why nobody buys it is because everyone thinks it's a condoms
Really miss watching those cool epic ads and then praying for my mom to buy me some since it was expensive in our country. And even their taste was really good.
tose #noregrets ads... "sorry you lost your husband... here's some gum." "sorry you had to witness the horrors of the holocaust. have a stick of gum."
I remember when I was a kid I used to eat 5 gum and dance at my local skatepark all day.
I used to body slam symbiotes in the streets of manhattan as spiderman with a five gum billboard in the background
Lol, I always thought that this is condoms, and didn't buy them at once, because I prefer durex 🤣🤣🤣
Ok, I will be honest, the “gum helps concentration” part reminded me of when I used to chew gum while on casual “spirited” nighttime drives on mountain roads. I think what made it work wasn’t that it had anything special added, but that it was more or less a type of “fidget” device in a way. I typically clench my teeth when I’m focused on something, so this allowed me to have something to keep my jaw muscles occupied, making that less of a distraction. I really don’t remember what brand I used to chew though. If I have gum these days, I buy a Japanese brand called “Black-Black” that is intensely minty (it hits my nostrils like horseradish) which apparently has caffeine in it as well but I only learned about it when reading the label.
Every 18u gamer I’ve coached or worked with chews gum no bs. And the pros who don’t smoke, chew gum. Great video, gotta love the loss of identity.
"How it feels to chew 5 gum" *phone rings * *your girl dumps you* "Stimulate your senses"
11:19 Because cool kids skate. So skateparks are cool. 5Gum is cool. 5Gum needs a skatepark.
"we can't rush B" lmfao
Man 5 gum was such a status stmbol in middle school. If you didnt have a pack oeople would not fuck with you
Didnt know that pedro pascal had a youtube channel.
i hate that sponsor where youtubers are paid to talk about that weird caffeine powdered drink it's the one with the weird flavors like "anime thighs" and "grandpas ashes" which can be a little funny but sometimes I find them to just be cringe
Can’t forget prism
17:27 you were beeing a asshole on purpose, no one with common sense chew gum like you did, you made me like the idea of gamer gum now
this was a better commercial than anything wrigley did, i now want some 5, but they aren't sold in my country anymore
The gum I liked in high school.  Pretty sure I chewed some while playing runescape back around 2008-2010 lol.
Even though ive tried 5gum in Northern Europe - Respawn is something Ive never even heard about. Ive always thought it’s called 5gum, because the flavor lasts for 5 seconds, and then it becomes like chewing and old shoe sole. 5gum is a irl meme here because it sucks homeless balls🙃
Dude, I get that their branding sucks but it's hands down the best gum on the market. Side by side with Extra, Orbit, whatever other brand you choose, 5 still has the best texture, lasts waaaaay longer, has a pleasant taste. Instead of trying to make jewelry with it they should market it as the world's best gum period.
Oh wow. I didn’t know Pedro Pascal had a YouTube channel. Nice.
5 gum, the elusion of choice
5Gum stimulate your senses
wild to me that gum sales are down???? i was gonna say that everyone i know chews gum basically non-stop all the time, but then i realized most of the people i know are neurodivergent, and that probably has something to do with it smh
...and it's not even good gum on top of it all.
see, that's the trick, the reason why you don't know any gamers who chew gum is because we don't have any friends and don't use mics
Okay 5 gum invented ASMR and I still want to lay on a million metal balls and have giant subs bump Late Night Tip.
But wtf happened to the cow chewing stride gum? Did she finished? Wtf happened to stride
Seeing those old 5 ads make me want to buy some 😂 i think you're on to something
Now that's a hell of an identity crisis for a brand
I remember to taste 5 Gum once and I was wondering why the taste was gone after 5 seconds (by feeling) 😂😂😂
"enjoyed massive success for half a decade" sounds WAY more impressive than "had some success for a few years."
I actually love the flavors and the only time I use it, is on a plane and will always have a pack of 5 gum
I mean the advertising definitely got me and my classmates! We were all buying it and trading them like Pokémon cards
5 GUM was the Shit !!! I miss the old gays
Absolutely correct about gum and discord. Turned off the video as soon as you started smacking that gum as obnoxiously as you could. 🤒
Bro chewing gum while gaming is MASSIVE in the competitive community especially Call Of Duty lmao.
The video ending was great
They stopped selling them in Usa But it is really popular in the U.A.E or the country Dubai is in.
He knows exactly what he did at the end there 🤣🤣🤣🤣
i think that those old ads would work again! its super y2k and cinematic
bruh nobody is chewing gum like that example 😂
17:30 made me physically ill and unreasonably mad. Well done.
Why pedro pascal is talking about 5 gum
On today's episode of how to waste 20 minutes of your life:
it's a shame we don't have cigarette ads on TV imagine how cool they'd be
Never heard of somebody call it just "five"  That just sounds off
Great Video!  Those old commercials are so nostalgic.  I'd love to see you cover Stride gum.  When I was in middle school it was a huge hit with others my age and for some reason people thought the wrapper was edible lol Always wondered how that myth started..
I used to sell pieces of 5 gum in school $1 a stick
yapped a whole lot bout chewing gum while gaming like its insane or hard to do😂 then you chewed like a mentally challenged kid to make it louder on purpose 🤡 basically your point about it was useless an you sound stupid talkin this long about GUM😂😂😂😂 what did it benefit you in
Great value pedro pascal
"our product's value has dipped slightly quick lets pivot 180 and completely piss away all the millions we already spent on its entire brand"
products marketed to 25 year olds; bought only by 12 year olds  everytime
Hey its pedreo pascal
Elixer and Solstice were the superior flavors. Fight me.
I got an orbit ad in the middle of this video
WHY DID I WASTE MY TIME WATCHING THIS.?! I WANT MY 19MIN OF MY LIFE BACK!
The dude who made this video doesnt know how marketing works.
17:09 made me lol so much man. That was hilarious.
Who remembers when they dropped the Black version  Shit was weird asf at first 😅😂
Shit I didn't even realize it disappeared but imma go buy a pack
Not even kidding, you earned my sub just on the displate ad. “You think I’m kidding? Noo.” 😂😂 Dr. Evil coded fr lol
I always avoided this brand since i was a kid because of how stupidly edgy it was.
Yumulack?
"14 to 25 year old male status seekers"   Translation: Douchebags
New to this channel... Is that pedro pascals twin?
Gamer gum 😂
It was nice to hear young Pedro Pascal telling me about 5 gum and Wrigley gums.
Hey dont diss the gum chewing gamer crowd! (Probably just me 😂 I chew gum while gaming HOWEVER i only chew when im not talking and i always mute myself when im not talking, the reason it works for me and my friends is because we don't talk alot other than maybe every 10 seconds to a minute and im an anxious person always wanting to fidget with things so it is fine by me constantly having to mute/unmute lol its like a thing to help keep my brain chilled out enough to focus on gaming which i know may not make sense.
Guys i have elixir so if u want some 300 each
The first extreme commercials were cool, I've bought alot of that gum. But the emotional shit suxx
I always hated 5 gum.  I love minty gum but 5 ALWAYS gave me a headache.  No clue why
I still see 5 gum ads here and there but it’s mostly memes of the “how it feels to chew five gum and some dude doing a backflip on a fence and landing on his nuts or some girl getting hit in the face with a ball followed by “stimulate your senses”
If they had stuck to their original advertising, they would still have enough of the gum market to justify their brand’s continued existence.
No idea where I've been the last decade, because I only remember the original commercials.  The only reason I bought the stuff was because they use foil for the wrapping, which keeps the gum softer, and more fresh (imo).  Wrigley's Spearmint used to be wrapped in foil but they went to some weird wax type paper stuff, which is not as good.   I feel gum is mainly kept in a car to have while driving far distances out of boredom, and for after eating fast food to freshen breath.
I WAS AT THE OWNERS HOUSE!!! I was sent out to repair William Wrigley Jrs smoke alarm(ADT) When I got to his home he opened his door and said. Come back in one hour, I'm thinking who does this guy think he is? I called my boss and he said, That's William Wrigley jr and you're waiting an hour! After the repair I was lucky enough to sit on his couch and talk to him,  The living room walls were lined with photos of famous race horses, Some how we got on the subject of the CUBS(Wrigleyville) And I said it was too bad they sold them, He quickly reminded me he still owned the gum, I let out a giant "oh my god" It Never dawned on me Wrigleyville baseball was also Wrigley gum! He never tipped me even though I was struggling, When I got home the news had a special on, "Illinois top richest billionaires"  Who was on?! William Wigley jr, Oprah Winfrey.... I Screamed! I was just on his couch!
Okay but does anyone remember that Mentos gum ad where the dudes nipples elongate? Frisbee nipple man, what the fuck?
Id rather have 5 gum then whatever this vaping 💩 is these days.
Talking about thier ad campaign and not mentioning the ARG once is literally a sin and shows the lack of research put into the video.
Gum is not a snack and it bithers me everytimr he says its a snack food
Great video man good to see a fellow Canadian making decent content. Your sense of humor is very similar to mine it would be funny to see you dissect Justin Trudeau's mismanagement of our proud Nation. 🇨🇦👊🏻
Ok so to be real, no one calls pepper mint flavor 'cobalt' or 'pepper mint', we called it 'blue' (which we also confused with poweraid blue or 5 gum blue)
Nah chewing gum is still big in uk
5 gum did such a good job at visually portraying what chewing their gum was like. Falling through the air in this snowy environment was so accurate to that blast of cool air from minty gum.
Pedro PASCAL?!
Why does this guy look like Pedro Pascal’s illegitimate child
I use Razer gum
Their second gen looks like tobacco advertising
Gum is disgusting because of the trash
Exactly. 5gums should stay a ridiculous "experience" add. The truth or dare was just too much. If they just wanted a gimmick they could have just reduced it to something that may be ridiculous and cheasy but not serious and playful. F.e. Playing with the fact that kids buy it and get asked by their peers to share it for free: Print simple stuff like: "Atleast say thank you!" or "Next one is on you!" As a random "message" to the gum "taker" which favors the gum "giver". This way, they could have made a unserious gimmick which could provoke an increase of interaction with the product without being all too over the top and uncomfortableness.
Bruh the swampletics poster lol
This is the one that really got me in middle school. I bought it b/c of the commercial. Just as much to support the campaign & see more “cool” adds like that from other add campaigns. Didn’t work out.  Curious what would have happened if they kept doubling down & made some story line out of the mysterious oddness of the commercials
i have had the respawn gum, its mid
I know I'm tardy to the party but it don't matter if it's gum, if you chew with an open mouth I immediately dislike you. Even if you're taking you can still push that shit to the side so it's not being chewd
As a kind, I thought those gums were the coolest shit ever. With the shiny foil, cool packaging with that sliding „locking mechanism“ and the cool ads on TV. Nobody had money to buy them, I only could try them if I was offered one
You had to have like 6 pieces of gum in your mouth to be chewing that loud unless you were doing it on purpose, and a video about gum by someone who doesn't know bubble gum and chewing gun are two different things is pretty cringe
Add Adventurequest/Dragonfable to that late 2000s middle school boys pack and that was ME LMFAO
I still eat 5 gum
They should've released a "gamer girl pu**y juice" flavor, would be a free ad campaign...  11:19 what drugs are you on? - yes
I miss the old wriggley
Lipsmacking skit was trash, ppl chew gum, smoke cigs, weed, tons of stuff. Bad bit tbh
Great video, love this kind of content. Big subscribing.
Don't disrespect Dorito Master Chief
Many people actually chew gum while playing... You can watch like any valorant pro match and go see when their cams are shown that theyre chewing.
We do raids discord lol, OSRS nerd
Never the seen the channel before, but I dig the style, topics/references, and humor. Might have to binge 👍
I still chew 5 gum it’s my gum of choice and because I remember those badass commercials from when I was a kid. And also because my local Walmart has that or Extra.
What you’re seeing is an unbelievably hostile market and a pretty good product
So "who chews gum while gaming?" the answer is autistic people or at least this autistic person. I'm almost always chewing something, either my chewllery, gum, or basically anything else I can get my hands on as I find it very soothing and I found that if I didn't actively take steps to fill that need that it would typically result in me finding something to eat whenever there was a drop in the dopamine from gaming such as during loading screens or when I get tilted which results in me over eating and putting on a bunch of weight. I mean I definitely don't think this is the case for even most autistic people but for some of us chew a lot of gum, personally I go through about 1-2 packs of gum per day. I'm almost always chewing gum but particularly when I'm at home playing video games.  But also no.... if I can hear you chewing gum you're doing it wrong and I don't want that shit in my ear. I would also think that even the loudest gum chewer wouldn't be able to get it through any modern noise suppression.
I saw that "we do raids" group on discord, a fellow osrs-er pog
We all know 5 Gums success was do to Memers
Man, Frost was my shit when I was in High School. I remember I always had some in my backpack. Probably because I had sensory issues so chewing gum was nice for me.
Five gum was just nasty if you chewed it too long it turned to literally water mush happened to me during a movie
I don't even remember the new slogan.
Chewing gum is dead no matter how you market it
1:57 you really did me dirty with this one
L take on chewing gum during gaming, I would say it would be more annoying opening a packet of Doritos and getting that shit all over your fingers. Chewing gum is a lot easier and doesn’t make a mess, so therefore I’m right you’re wrong deal with it chap. 🤪😜😝🤓😤🤬 send me $50
Marketing defo worked on me back in 2007. I used to get winterfresh but 5's flavour lasts longer and doesn't feel like you're chewing a pencil eraser after 5 minutes. I still buy a pack a week, 3 sticks a day mon-fri.
putting your add at 10:52 was genius
"The Axe body spray of gum"
they should have ridden "stimulate your senses" to the grave. that was their slogan and their identity and thats what we all knew them for
i was wondering what happened to them
But what about the airwaves car
Also they *taste* nice
Mentos did it in the 90s. The only difference is that where 5 Gum offered stimulation, Mentos offered enlightenment.
I don't think ive met a single person who actually bought this gum.
Funniest thing I’ve heard on YouTube in a year is you saying “look at these hands, I look like I work at Build-a-Bear”, hahaha
I almost forgot about 5 gum. I didn't think they made it anymore, I remember it being big when I in school but after hs it kind of disappeared.
Didnt know about the ad. I bought them because they were cheap.
I came here for memes, not Knowledge :[
I'll say whoever was in charge of marketing did a great job I felt like such a badass chewing 5 gum in elementary and middle school
I realised i havent chewed gum for years....
That Discord Chewing Gum example has to be the worst thing in this video, yeah if I use a Hammer to use my Keyboard obviously its gonna be annoying. Who even eats gum that obnoxiously loud
Stoners chew gum while gaming
I used to like the gum sticks, but tbh i didn’t know they were called 5, didn’t see any ads of it.  All i know is that when i opened a pack, everyone would flock to me to also get one lol.
Stride gum was the less edgy but still cool gum brand I went with, i can still taste one flavor in my mind ✨️
Hard agree. After watching this im pretty sure ive seen most if not all of these marketing campaigns in the wild, and the only one i ever internalized and still associate with the product every time I see it is "How it feels to chew 5 Gum"
I hate this fake annoying energy these nobody youtubers portray in their pathetic videos
I feel like the "chewed gum in a crystal as jewelry" could've been amazing if it was approached from a tongue-in-cheek angle. Like the Kohler faucet "design a house around this" campaign but ironic
Too bad Respawn was so stupid bc I'm loving that packaging
This made me want to buy a pack of 5Gum
I like the mustache. Subscribed
It’s the Minecraft noise when you hit the lava for me. This just popped up in my suggested and I already love your content
I actually remember seeing the commercials and my teenage brain was blown away, I still think it is one of the best commercials of all time, but I never bought 5 gum or tried it.
I’m watching this while getting a gum ad😂
I really got edged the whole video waiting for the line
I never anticipated listening to Pedro Pascal talk about gum for 20 minutes
Is 5 the one that people said you could eat the paper it was wrapped in or was that just my high school?
I honestly forgot 5 gum exists until I saw this video
oh my god it's budget Pedro Pascal
I loved watching Pedro Pascal talk about gum. It's been a favorite video of mine.
Good example of "go woke, go broke" It seems like 5 got self conscious of being over the top and stopped it because they thought we didn't like it. No, being over the top was the point. We all knew we weren't literally going to experience jumping into a volcano.
17:23, it only sounds like this if you chew with your mouth open and obnoxiously, at least with my experience. I generally thought that a lot of people would chew gum while doing literally anything, but I guess im out of the loop. I'm not defending anything, but I think this part is just an over the top exaggeration of chewing gum while talking to try and further prove your point. Again, let me know if I am wrong because I am basing this off my closed mouth chewing experience (wow never thought that would ever be something I typed) but the only times I ever heard ppl with gum chew like that is when they were specifically trying to annoy me or others.
Thumbs down for that gum smacking  segment get fcked
Chew with your mouth closed.
In Germany we used to trade 5 gums in school and when friends went to america they brought flavors not available in germany and they traded like 5 American ones with one available here. Good times 😁
Why is no one talking about the resemblance to Pedro Pascal? It’s like the same version of him for Narcos.
I thank 5 gum for eventually making me realise how stupidly synthetic and unnatural chewing gum is
This reminds me of those AMP energy drinks. They used to have those blue raspberry flavors when they first came out. Now its just the base flavor and mnt dew flavors. 😂 dranks that shit so much once they canceled that i just went to redbull zeros. Even vipers better than them now always gotta change for the worst i guess
If you didn't chew gum like an animal than it wouldnt make nearly as much noise
If you weren't emanating Axe body spray with a pack of 5 in your pocket, you weren't cool
Instead of spending money on marketing they should made the flavor last more than 30 seconds and not have the gum denature into a disgusting paste if you chewed it for very long. I might've bought a second pack if it wasn't actually terrible gum.   To be fair, first 30 seconds of flavor were pretty good.
No idea it got this crazy. I just stopped seeing the original commercials. I’m glad I never saw these others.
Is this an advertisement? Because it's making me want #5gum....
Gum what gum? Commercials are about pushing an agenda not about the product
Gum brands dont need to recreate their image every few years. They just need to remind people they still exist.   Personally, this sounds dumb but I stopped buying Five gum because the flavour was too distracting 😂😂
16:50 "Who chews gum while playing video games" actually a lot of people, especially esports players will take adderall or vyvanse while gaming so a lot of us will chew gum to avoid jaw clenching or grinding teeth.
17:46 Yeah I would kick someone out of the call for that. I did hear people eat with less mouth sounds. Over exaggerated and while I agree ro your point, you chode to undermine it by over exaggerating something to get a quick response. Congratulations you are now eligible to apply at Razer ;p
I'd prefer to call them "five gum" not just "five"
i really had no clue that 5 gum was still existing past the years of early 2010. I remember exactly how me and my schoolmates loved 5 gum but i don’t know if it was a germany problem but after a certain point all the packs that i bought and chewed on they dissolved so quickly but it a strange flaky texture. That’s how we stopped buying them altogether and i actually thought that this was the end to them
Dude in mexico the campaign where like dares like "would yo tattoo with a party girl you just met?" Or "do you go skinny depp?" And they only pass the commercials in the night because was considered edgy
I thought it was Pedro pascal for a second
I spotted Trisha Hershberger and Joe Beretta! What is that, a late 2000s crossover episode?
I boredom eat when I'm gaming so chewing gum is actually pretty common for when I don't wanna eat my entire pantry
All I know is when I was a kid, having a pack of this felt like having a pack of cigarettes
I didn't know Pedro Pascal was a YouTuber
I remember when it first came out that there was a rumor the gum was started by Donovan McNabb (#5 on the eagles). It was so dumb but everyone at my school took it as fact lmao
Another thing you think about is the packaging is huge compared to extra where you can easily habe a packet in your pocket without feeling it
You should fix your chapters, I almost skipped a full two minutes because I tried to skip the sponsor.
I enjoyed your video Pedro
The gum was good tasting but never lasted long. Extra was better
Many of scientific studies around food are funded or conducted by the food company themselves. It’s the same as when the cigarette companies used to have their own health-related studies claiming all sorts of bs.
This is the first video I've seen from this channel, and as soon as the host was imon screen I thought Pedro Pascal was doing YouTube. 😂
Advertising should be banned. None of this nonsense should be allowed to penetrate our brains
I'm just sour that they chose the name "Respawn" and not something cool like "Critical Hit"
Never thought I’d see Pedro Pascal talking about 5 Gum on YouTube
this is the sort of video essay Calvin from Calvin and Hobbes, as an avid reader of Chewing Magazine, would love
Those ads became excellent memes
5 gum and razor cross over is the funniest shit I've seen in ages lol. How very expected and unsurprising
4:40 thumbs up for the effort 😂😂 Very ironic to get an advertisement of gum while in the middle of the video
It’s funny, I still remember those commercials all these years later so they must have had an influence
HE SAID THE LINE!!! YEAHHH 😂😂😂😂
You look like agent pena from Narcos
Another strength about the original campaign was that it was internationally appealing. The actors were diverse, the setting was surreal and ambiguous, not setting it in any specific place or time, the only language featured in the ad was the product name and the slogan, spoken by a disembodied voice. That meant it was easy to dub or subtitle and even if you didn't understand the language for some reason, the images spoke for themselves. The ads like the "no regrets" campaign may be memorable, but they're also so extremeky specifically tied to geography and history. People from different countries who face different kinds of challenges might find it difficult to relate to an eldery black American man or Chinese woman... which is why I'm pretty sure it never ran outside the US (atleast I've never seen it), already limiting its effectiveness for a global brand like Wrigleys.
I haven't watched yet, but that is one epic thumbnail and title
When there’s another pandemic i absolutely want the RGB face mask
Stride gum was always my favorite. RIP cus that berry flavor was goated
I was wondering why 5 gum vanished from Australia for so long.
Just came across your channel and I super love what you’ve got going on!!! Incredible editing, great script, and great personality. Gonna watch all your videos now!
Nah, there's no "returning to form" for 5 gum. That initial over-the-top Stimulate Your Senses campaign got attention because it was novel and in your face, but it was really that specific time period that made it work so well – they could never lean back into that and get any traction again, it was a cultural phenomenon with a limited shelf life. IMO the first campaign that you so prefer had no more to do with chewing gum than the Life Happens in 5 campaign, which I personally feel is less forced (although still cringe). I think those rites of passage featured in the Life Happens in 5 stuff are way more relatable than the first campaign. 5 gum being the Axe body spray of gum is a REALLY good take, though lol. When you think about it 5 has always been a lie, how the fuck does it involve more senses than basically any other candy, gum, or food? Once you get it in your mouth basically you've got a taste and some smell
i never thought i’d get 5gum lore from pablo pascal
Your editing is incredible! Do you do it yourself??
the reason I still chew 5 gum to this day is because of that original ad campaign. blew my mind when i was a kid
since when does Pedro Pascal have a youtube channel?
Huh. Never tried it and at the time of marketing I was in the target.  Now I'm curious about it.
Man I wish Wrigleys didn't stop making chewing gum strips.
I remember getting 5 gum multi pack for my 13th birthday & chocolate axe body spray. I thought I was so cool busting out the 5 gum
I just think about the biggest Brand in my Country Germany. It’s Airwaves. Probably bc of one of the best Millennial Song from a Rapper named Pashanim. It called … airwaves lol
I still think about these commercials, they were so cool to 11 year old me
Stimulate your senses
Wait so has 5 been discontinued for a long time?
womp womp
2:53  mom picks llama that looks exactly like her son. Legit.
bro made a better advertisement than 5 gum did
I just had a memory unlocked... did anyone else participate in that weird ARG ad campaign they ran the one time? I'm pissed that I probably threw it out, but I remember you would send in a headshot photo and they sent you some kind of custom sci-fi ID badge on a lanyard and your photo. 5 gum publicity campaigns were wild.
Kind of surrealistic that there are now videos about the time in which I grew up😂
They finally fucking changed the packaging to go with the new campaign when the original design would have actually fucking worked with the black and neon gamer aesthetic razor uses💀💀💀💀
A whole case study?? You don't say.! There's only case studies for, idk like EVERY conceivable brand out there
My old roommate is the biggest gum consumer I know, she would buy the big multi packs from Costco so she could keep one in every purse, bag, and jacket she owned. She also happened to intern at the social media marketing department for a candy brand that is well known but not as popular as 5 Gum, yet their social accounts have recently amassed double the followers that 5 Gum currently has. I truly believe that if they let this girl and her fellow 20 something year old interns run their instagram they could appeal to the gum addict demographic online way better than whoever has been running it the last decade who I can only assume does not understand how to advertise to gen z or the gum enthusiasts (if that’s even a term lol).
To be fair I still take these hoes to school ( flooded the face Matted the wraith got a new house unlimited space )
Bro why do you look like pedro pascal
I dont know why young Pedro Pascal talking about chewing gum was recommended to me but I enjoyed it.
Why is Pedro pascals son explaining 5 hour gums history to me
How it gums to chew five chew. Gum gum
"Who chews gum while playing videogames?"  Me, chewing gum while playing FFXIV: uh...
I don’t know if anyone else feels this way, but I feel the branding on the boxes felt reminiscent of tobacco brands (Newport cigarettes might be the closest parallel I can draw).  As a young kid I would always grab a pack of cobalt 5 gum because it felt cool like I was buying cigarettes without the actual bad product.  Even though I didn’t view smoking as cool and still don’t, it made me feel a bit older.  It made me feel like an adult.
people working in marketing are throwing darts at a board. nobody can seriously believe they know what they're doing. sometimes the dart hits success but for the most time it's absurd giga cringe or just plain stupid
its even worse since 5 gum tastes really good
Think I'll go and grab a pack of 5 gum just for old times sake. Thanks for the reminder it exists
The first time I cared about five gum was in my sophomore year of Highschool, my gf at the time always had some and she gave me one in a very sexually charged way xD
that 5 watermelon was the best one too  OOH I REMEMBER 5 TRUTH OR DARE
I always thought the old ads were trying to be way too edgy, never would have considered buying chewing gum advertising with a person lying in a gigantic vibrating ball pit.
i chew gum when i game. i need something to chew on
I remember being a kid and thinking 5 Gum was so suave and masculine.
>>>>>>>  Didn't know this shit existed ...  >>>>>>>
Nah this was the gum that I was bullied with in my last-last school by the popular kids and delinquents 😭😭😭
"5 Gum was the Axe Body Spray of gum" lol
5 gum was always my favourite, and im living in dubai, the 5 gum here USED to be good, now its some dumb squares that barely even have chewing gum… its honestly disspointing, theres not taste anymore.
I'm still getting the over-the-top stimulus ads of 5 gum on Spotify.
15:02 THE CRINGE
5 gum vapes seems like the only reasonable new iteration
"How it chews to gum 5 feels. Gum gum, sense your stimulate." 🗿
re-watching this while chewing 5 gum.
Little do they know, wе, executives of 5, knew, that he would post this video and are planning to capitalize off of  this free advertising!
Hey to be fair dude, nobody fucking chews with their mouth open like that
I like the Spongebob music
5 gum is good
3:33    The correct term is:  Mach speed    🤓 🤓 🤓 🤓
WDR? Fucking nerd playing osrs
While rewatching this video, the new Air Vigorsol commercial appeared. The one with the mannequins and the one becoming human. Is it international or only Italian? Maybe the target of that commercial is the uncanny valley.
I had no idea that 5 Gum was a thing. If I'm their target demographic, boy do they have a lot of work to do lol.
I didn't know they changed approach...   Why would you watch tv with its ads in 2024 to know that anyway?
I don't have a problem with a chewing gum brand stopping production. It isn't good for anything: you better just drink some water after food, and you'd feel better too, cause why would you not drink water after food afterall. And you can't put meaningful amounts of flavor stuff or other additives in it, otherwise it's be more of a candy. The product is pointless.
Not gonna lie. This was the only gum I bought because of the adverts.
I'm just a random humble art director, but I disagree with your take. When chewing gum was cooler than today, that kind of sensorial over the top advertising was acceptable. Nowadays... It could really feel lame to rehash those old tv ads. Yes nostalgia marketing is a thing and could lead many people to try again some old products, but I feel like finding a new direction for the gum could lead to higher market cap potential in the long run. Anyways, good video. I would have liked to see more of what the competition was doing in the same period of time.
I'm gonna be honest I was expecting way too much when the guy said "nobody's ever thought of turning gum into jewelry before" I thought he was gonna use some scientific process to crystalize the gum and make it look pretty or at the very least interesting or unique.  nope. he just puts a shitty little plastic jewel shape over chewed gum???
I liked your video because I liked the content of this video you made
When I was a kid, the early 5 gum ads scared me.
You touched on the tacky nonsensical "gamer" marketing and that's a whole video in itself, not least because it's almost always worse quality stuff, at best just the same but overpriced. Gamers have the worst chairs, the worst headphones, the worst monitors, the worst microphones, along with mice, keyboards, ergonomic accessories, components and tools that are just the same as cheaper corporate sector products. Citations: the giant bed of money Jonathan 'Fatality' Wendel sleeps on, and the zero people who had a good experience with his products.
How did you just skip entirely over the Mission Icefly campaign? 😭😭
Just watched a 20 minute video about fucking gum I’m cooked
I am sufficiently humbled by the comparison to axe body spray. I always thought the guys who used that in high school were ridiculous and yet there I was, the resident gum dealer, with my bulk packs of 5 gum from costco
Based on real events. After the events of Narcos, Micheal Peña decided to pursue a youtube career mainly focused on case studies on marketing and popular media. Always looking over his shoulder while he edits his videos, editing is his only brief escape from his very justified fear-ridden paranoia.
The only type of gum i like to use is caffeine stuff
I maybe bought one or two packs of 5 gum when I was in high school, I very seldom had gum. But my dad, my dad always had a pack on him. Heck he would have multiple in the car! I don’t think he ever went anywhere without 5 gum and I never thought about that until this video.
I didn't know chewing gum while gaming was taboo...
I still chew Cobalt based on the original ad campaign. It's my second favorite mint gum. Orbit Bubblemint is my fave.  I haven't seen this newer ad campaign and honestly I'd probably drop the product based on it.
Pedro pascal doing YouTube videos now??
they put the mamster chief in da soder😂
They really really really should have just made Five Mints(tm) instead of trying to change the brand entirely
Believe it or not, you can actually chew gum with your mouth closed. So I don't know where that weird little rant about chewing gum while playing games came from.
damn i completely forgot about 5. the watermelon was some of my favorite ever, Rain as well.
Kendrick Lamar is better
Yo.. what about Orbits gum!! Those commercials were nuts
My middle school composition book was covered in peeled 5gum wraps
Stride used to be the best when it lasted a very long time, not anymore
I actually chew gum while gaming
If they had stuck with the same ad campaign, they would’ve been absolutely rolling in it
17:20  Who tf chews gum like that
How it chews to gum 5 feels
I never new they tried discontinuing it in Australia it is the most popular thing here at my school and has been for every
So they went from pandering to edgy high school millennials to pandering to sensitive Gen Z politically correct babies. Gotcha.
Great channel!
Food industry marketing departments are on a unique and unmatched level of incompetence and obliviousness
I miss the sour bubble flavor
Funnily enough I've never called this "5" I've always called it "Chew 5 Gum"
I used to be scared at the old 5 gum commercials
i've tried the gum, it's pretty tasty but the ads are silly
I came of age in the 1980s and there was never a good time to hear someone chewing gum in your ear or especially over a phone
When i was in middle school a friend told us his mom almost grounded him because she thought the 5 gum box was a box of condoms
Plot twist: this is a 5 gum ad campaign
Respawn is basically just Neuro gum but worse
Funnily enough I have about 20 packs of respawn gum in my cabinet because my local gas station Kwik Trip was giving the packs free with a food purchase
man i really miss advertising like this. now its all just shitty shien product slideshows with shitty music. or politics no one cares about.
The "how it feels" ads are so iconic, they were a meme for more than a decade after they stopped airing. I was a toddler when they first aired and I still know them because they've been in pop culture for that whole time, yet also I never once saw anyone actually buy or chew it.
imo i think the regrets campaign is supposed to tell us to go and live life and not have regrets
I love the first song. Any SpongeBob fanatic would recognize it :P
its weird to suddenly notice that theres less 5 Gum on the shelves at 7/11 than usual
I graduated in 2012. So it makes sense that their sales plummeted after that. My bad.
My mom got me respawn for my birthday as kind of a gag gift, but I ate one as I was editing, impulsively wanted another, as with other gum I will just keep adding more. But thank god something stopped me because then I found out that each stick has almost 100mg of caffeine in it 😭   and them saying "green tea extract" instead of caffeine is kind of misleading, if I didn't have prior knowledge of stimulants I would've just not connected the two in my head and ate the whole pack
actually 👆from a psychology perspective respawn gum would have been better for focus during gaming than an energy drink chewing increases focus massively
Back in 2019 and onwards, even today, I don't see people chew gum anymore and I think it's cause of people focusing more on their health, like when most people know candy such as gum is not good for your teeth, so people avoid it.   Though that's not to say gum is entirely  useless.
Regardless of the marketing, I've enjoyed 5 gum's basic minty flavors for a good few years now. They seem to taste better and last longer for me somehow, than the other brands I've tried do.  I had no idea they'd partnered with Razer till I saw this video, though. Somehow I missed that whole marketing campaign.
17:17  that is some disturbing ASMR, it's like when you realize the person answering the call is doing something very private.
for the first second i thought pedro pascal started pursuing a youtube essay career
5 was all I chewed from ages 8-15. I remember getting my grandma to get me it when I was little as my mom wouldn’t. I still like it but miss the old flavours and commercials. Now it’s all about Big League Chew
Great video! However how dare you put chewing gum noises (at 17:15)
5 Gum should be a enhancing product in the Fallout universe
the relatable thing is the 5 gum commercials. They were epic
5 gum sold out
5 gum was my first rolling paper brand in middle school, just scrape the aluminum and twist!
LOL "what is that?"  ".... iz gum"
“modern millennials”
Just goes to show that those market researchers are old asses that don‘t have a single clue how the youth feels  Only the „how it feels to chew 5gum“ were good and it still carries on to this day
So, I guess *this* is how it feels to chew 5 gum…
Honestly if they went straight from the “stimulate your senses” to gaming it would make sense. A lot of gaming peripherals etc focus on senses (monitors, keyboards, headphones) and that kinda goes in line with gum
stimulate your senses
The only brand that is allowed to market to gamers is Mountain Dew
I think if any of the rebrand attempts were the original plan, it wouldve been fine. But 5 gum had some crazy aura back in the day, haven't heard shit from them in forever. Moving away from that crazy aura was too much
Damn bro i had no idea they changed their slogan and they did that 9 years ago. This entire time i still thought the slogan was "how it feels to chew 5 gum"
Life happen SIN5 😈
I used to chew a bajillion packs of this as a kid. The gamer thing is more a "correlation is not causation" kind of thing. ADHD is a gamer-making factory and chewing gum is a fun and tasty fidget. But yeah, it's not really something you do at the same time. Gaming appeals to ADHD because it engages all the senses and offers near-instant gratification. Gum would DISTRACT me unless I'm playing a JRPG or something.  I liked to collect them for the colorful wrappers. I learned how to make gum wrapper chains, and I liked having a bajillion colors to choose from. I had chains in Cobalt blue and Rain green. Only got about three flavors deep before I stopped though
This or I suppose, you remind me of when Sam O’Nella stopped uploading, and then the flood of channels that came to fill the void he left, except that now it seems to be “Joesepi” but I do not resent those such as yourself who fill these void,as It’s really just natural.like a creature that eats fish goes extinct so eventually, the fish evolve to once again use fish as a food source.
I can’t believe you did this documentary and didn’t go into the awesome ONLINE GAME they had! They went all out with really cool puzzles/stories/mysteries that were super involved & got harder & harder & had stuff you had to look for irl too. When you got things right, you got codes, and some people got really awesome prizes. We (my daughter was in her 20s, me in my 50s) never could finish it, for how insane the games got, then it disappeared. 😢😡 I was hoping for THAT story!  We tried to find the little clips they used in the games, really awesome production value,  with actress Summer Glau! But we couldn’t find them! I really wanted the end of the game/story!!! (And the trophies!).
Chewing while wearing gaming headphones makes the muscles up by your temples hurt like hell
I worked on a 5 Gum game for Xbox 360 in 2012. "5 Gum Micro Lab Challenge".  You could even scan a pack of gum with the Kinect to unlock avatar add-ons.
If they just added nicotine and caffeine to it, it would've flew of the shelves
i think the last time i saw a 5 gum ad was when i swapped from tv to smartphone - the same moment i totally forgot about it 😂
Why didn't they just put caffeine in the Respawn gum? Competitive gamers would consider it, at least when practicing by themselves
For most of my childhood I thought 5 gum were соndoms
Just goes to show the earlier days where the best
5 truth or dare came out when I was in high school, it was actually pretty fun doing those with my friends lol
5 had so many identity crisis simply because of Wrigley wanting to standardize their products, thus making a packaging and/or marketing mistake 1 or 2 times, leading to a loss in market share, all while the market demand was declining. Execs freaked out a had two paths, invest and attempt to break out of the rut, or blame the rut solely on declining market demand. One cost money, and the other didn’t.  They surely blamed lack of demand, cut back across the board, and from then on it was a never ending game of follow the decline, where they keep cutting back more and more and more, in order to remain “profitable” all while blaming the market.
I miss Flare flavor 😢
I guess I should have liked Axe body spray since I liked that gum as a fourteen year old girl, I mean, male status seeker girl.  (Not sure it matters, but I am a bisexual woman who's more attracted to anatomical women, so ...male status, what does that really, really mean? Lmao)
Ngl, wasn’t expecting Pedro Pascal to appear within the first 10 seconds of the video 😂.
You look like Pedro pascal
There's nothing like the feeling of being a middle schooler and pulling out 5 gum out of your pocket on a hot day and having a weird cold tingling sensation on your leg
You look like a younger Pedro pascal
The truth or dare campaign doesn’t sound like the worst idea…some of the most iconic brands have done things like that, Snapple facts for example. It might be a little cringe but hey, it’s marketing, marketing is cringe sometimes.
HELP I CANT SHIT NO MORE
You forgot about the 5 Gum memes from the mid 2010’s
I remember at lunch in middle school walking to the c-store and buying a monster and 5gum just so people would see me walking around school with them. The marketing worked XD
I just found this channel, but it's so funny hearing that demographic, because aside from being a man, I was the perfect consumer for 5. But what ultimately drew me in was being a middle schooler who was interested in graphic design and animation. Man, those commercials were so cool I remember that later on in college, they actually showed them in some of my VFX courses  ETA: I actually use gum for high-focus activities such as gaming or drawing, but it's because I grind my teeth without thinking about it while concentrating, and having gum keeps me from doing it. I guess that's less exciting than somehow increasing your brain power, lol
I distinctly remember my buddies and I critiquing the flavors like an old Gentlemen's Club discussing the aroma and profile of their very best cigars. We then graduated to Gatorade flavors that paired well with Swisher blunt wrap flavors. Very sophisticated stuff, guys.
What kind of heathen chews with their mouth open
oh my goodness! that slogan rushed back memories of me using it when someone got hurt
I rember the old ads so well but all the new ones just kinda don't hit
Better title "How it feels to destroy your brand image"
I mean, that Discord test wasn’t really accurate. You were trying to make your chewing as loud as possible. I’ll take your word on it, not making any sense, but don’t try to say people can’t chew gum while playing games because other people will hear you chewing, because obviously they won’t. unless you’re very obviously chewing, and being loud, like you were in the example.
The slogan “how it feels to chew 5 gum” narrowly beat out the runner-up slogan: “HEY FUCKFACE! CHEW 5 GUM!”
17:26 I actually know people who do this
You're pedro Pascale from an alternate universe where he decided to make video essays instead of acting
It's funny, I've seen none of those commercials after the old simulate your senses campaign so all this damage done by the marketing campaign is completely unseen by me
There's between 23 and 30 sense, depending on how you slice them.  I hate "five human senses".  Close your eyes.  Which way is down?  Where's gravity sense in that list?  Your inner ear does that.  Etc.
ngl the respawn version of 5 actually does stimulate your senses. The first stop I took had my head feeling sharp and and my eyes feeling cool and dilated, it took 3 more in 6 day increments to get used to it. If they had Respawn as the original gum for their first commercials it would actually have made sense.
And oh boy did it work on middleschool me.
Anyone remember that gum that looked a lot like 5 but it had an “s” on the front and they had a cool looking mystery flavor ?
Watermelon 5 gum is my favorite gum of all time
Bro looks like store brand Pedro Pascal (note: not a diss)
I didnt know gum was on the decline
I chew like an entire 3 Pack of Gum every week at work because it keeps me from going insane, though I can definitely say that Gamer Gum is something I will never buy, lol
Us middle school-highschool kids when 5 came out.... Those ads and going into school, 5 was popular kids
Don't know if I can trust anything this man says after his opening pitch to displate.
There is fucking nothing worse than rich old guys in a marketing team trying to seem hip and relatable to young people and pop culture while marketing something, when they are so out of touch with youth culture it’s just fucking gross. Until they finally started to get it right with twitter where they actually brought in a young person, then it got over saturated with a bunch of brands who kept trying to get it right and copy the success that it became so out of touch and fucking gross and annoying again where fucking 2 old people at McDonald’s and Wendy’s start talking shit on twitter with no one else even listening.   PS: it’s twitter, not fucking *X*
I don’t know if I agree with this video😂😂I was born in ‘97 and don’t recall a single person chewing 5 gum. I remember the ads, and I think it was just to abstract. Anytime I was buying gum I saw 5 and just had no idea wtf it was about.
I always found it interesting how 5 and Monster became popular around the same time. They had the exact target demographics, similar ads, and even the exact same color schemes.
ARE YOU RELATED TO PEDRO PASCAL?
Dude stop freaking squinting
I chew gum while playing games to keep my adhd ass focused by having something to do.   But i also make sure it isnt noticable for ppl in calls
I never bought 5 after they discontinued Flare. I’ll never forgive you mint people for not recognizing cinnamon as the best gum flavor resulting in the best cinnamon gum on the market no longer existing.
I absolutely loved the original 5 gum ads that I couldn't want to try it, they reminded me of Portal with the whole mysterious experiment labs, I bought a full case of 5 gum rain on amazon not long ago just to relive that first time I tried it
I know I’m tempting the devil with this one but maybe in one last effort do a giant balls to the wall last hoorah and make a big league chew style shredded gum with nicotine and another one with caffeine and one with both ig its legal
5 gum needs to return to tradition return to its roots and what return to what made it popular. No gamer gum, we need the OG spooky stimulating cool CG campaigns.
The gum is always in stock where I work, they even gave it free with purchase of another item with a rewards coupon
Son of a bitch. Did I just watch a 20 minute 5 commercial? 😭
To be fair about respawn and gum while playing, i am pretty adhd, so having gum for me to chew while i play is a must sometimes   Still fucking dumb as shit tho lmao
That's a good 20-minute AV CV to apply for an advertising agency.
Not sure where you got it being discontinued in aus from, it's still on shelves
I was chewing gum while gaming yesterday 😭
I remember in elementary school how a kid would slam himself against a wall if you gave him five gum. Stimulate your senses
Actually. I heard there was a study done proving that gum or mints can improve focus. I dont know the accuracy of it. But even my high school teachers recommended it.
Lmao. Now that you point it out, i stopped paying attention to 5 gum. I liked those old Comercials.... the new ones are so forgetable
I first thought it was condoms wjen I first saw the commercials 😂
all those original commercials would have communicated to me was "this gum will give you the worst cankers of your life"  edit: KETER ONES
“Suddenly gum was good again.” No , no it was not
I actually do chew gum when I'm playing games, but just bc if I don't I have a bad habit of chewing my nails without even noticing that I'm doing it. not 5 though. I make it a point to not buy anything that's marketed towards "gamers" bc I think it's really cringe
“How it feels to chew 5 gum” was always cool to me
Dang. Didnt know you were from Canada
It would havr beeen funny if you were chewing gum during the whole video
This is what cigarette advertising applied to candy is and that was the appeal
The gamer turn really had me. That came out of no where
I figured the gum would be hella disappointing compared to the ads so I forgot to try it. Is it any different or more intetesting than other gum? All I know is my ex worked on genetically modifying mint to be mintier for Wrigleys, I bet it was for 5. I hate them for screwing with mint, it's such a nice plant and doesn't need tp be any mintier than it already is.  I'd be afraid I'd inhale it and choke to death if I chewed gum while playing a game. And ew, who wants to hear it over their headset?
Why is Pedro Pascal talking to me about gum?  *Why do I love it?*
I... I feel like this video is the advertisement for 5 that'll bring it back to life XDDD
Phenomenal video. I miss those old 5 gum commercials.
Vaping definitely effected gum sales. I know it sounds weird but it was a replacement for the oral fixation/something to do/being cool.
Breath mints are superior to gum.  Change my mind.
this guy reminds me of idubbbz before he destroyed his reputation
Funny how gum sales declined as vaping started trending
have a person completely covered in honey bee's or a Halloween special and do spiders for the nightmare fuel. still looking for a hybrid of man-bat/man-spider for some outstanding nightmare fuel.
i always wanted to do that giant speaker on the bed of beads. that looked like thats what they where funding with their gum i wished that science facility exsist.
Dude who does your editing plz hit my channels email in the about section hes fire I need a good one so bad  If you do it yourself, big ups, it’s really good man
Be conscious of this you corporate assholes
They made it lame
They need to accept that gum can't be exciting. The best you can do in this market is to develop a product that tastes fine and lasts a long time and sell it at a competitive price. No need to be so Extra.
This was great
I was born in 1990, so I was right in the middle of 5's demographic when it first came out. I never liked gum in general so I didn't ever care to try it, but I do have fond memories of their advertisements from 2007-2013. They fit in quite well in an era where making things "EXTREME" was all the rage.
The lip smacking and chewing sounds physically made me angry lol
Those how it feels to chew 5 gum vines used to make my day
I just realized that the “how it feels to chew 5 gum” memes refer to _the_ “5 gum” as opposed to 5 pieces of any gum  :o
Not really a gum chewer, so never tried 5 gum
Nah Respawn is so goofy I always get a pack every now and again that i chew while gaming. I made it a joke that it "locks you tf in"
The 5 gum rabbit hole : who foundet These experiments and why they did this😂😂
So, we are just gonna ignore the 5 gum memes that were trending for a while? lol
I have no memory of 5 gum being “for boys” 😂😂
What? You don’t chew gum while playing games?
Wait Pedro Pascal has a youtube channel?
"Rain" 5 gum,was supposed to taste like being completely inundated in the THX deep note, judging by that advert
i never knew about this. gum is gum, but imma stop buying 5 forever because of those newer cringe commercials. i don’t usually care about commercials unless they’re so bad that they deserve to be punished for it.
Could’ve been a redbull level brand
Make a Super Bowl commercial with the same 5 gum facility but now it’s all abandoned and in ruins and someone finds a hidden pack of 5 gum in it, million dollar idea 😎
Never seen this dude's content before but he's totally a white Pedro Pascal
I chew gym while playing games. 🥺
Their mistake was not targeting gamers first when rebranding, they went the wrong way.
Mid way through this video I was amazed that I just now realized, that chewing gum has to be one of the most useless inventions humans ever had
Those 5 gum ads are so 2000s I feel like I am playing a PS3 in a Scion I love it
That's why I've purchased exactly... 0 packs of gum in the last 20 years. Now I love Xbox (Call of Duty) but I hate hearing somebody smacking and chewing their cudgum in the mic to the point I have to mute them. Still not buying gum. Well I take that back, I do pick up some Bazooka once in a while...
Calling 5 Gum the Axe Body Spray of gum is so fitting! I can’t believe I never thought of it like that
This guy looks like Pedro Pascal's son!! This is the first video I've seen from this guy, so I'm sorry if I'm behind the times, but it's all I can think during the video.
As a consumer of bubble gum at that time I believe it was a war between Wrigley's winterfresh with a shiny blue wrappers to the Dole blue wrapper and then five gum came out and Wrigley's winterfresh became the girls chewing gum and the guys was chewing the five gum
You had me until you went wayyy over the top with the lip smacking in Discord. Like my guy everyone I know chews gum every now and then while gaming and has never been an issue unless you f**k up your discord audio settings. I bet you don't even know you can adjust people's volume individually in a call 😂
17:17 doesn't prove to me how annoying gum is on mic, it just proves you know how to chew gum very annoyingly...
This is what I liked about old cigarette ads. Take a bunch of creative advertising, catchy jingles, exciting magazine ads with people posing with cigarettes, and lifestyle sell to hype up an actually mundane product
It was cool  To put it simply
5 Gum > Zyn
12:56 yeah obviously, the problem is because the company DOESN'T GIVE A SHIT about the people in the commercials. If it makes money they do it, if not they stop.  Commercials are the devil and capitalism is cancer, they will celebrate progress that has already been made and stay silent the SECOND it effects stock values.  Companies AREN'T your friend. And it's even more disgusting they pretend to be
Calories?? It's gum. It shouldn't have any calories at all! You DON'T eat it lol if anything chewing and then spitting it out should BURN calories 💀
My dad is solely keeping their company alive with how much he chews that stuff 😂
Five was so much better of a marketing scheme. With axe I knew it was targeted at dumb kids like me, but with Five i felt like I was trying something that wasnt supposed to be for me.
They need to make him that gets rid of bad gas. No seriously everyone is into atm now
There was like 5 thousand ads throughout the video 😖
I kid you not, as a European I found out about 5 gum while playing borderlands 2...and even then I didn't know it was a gum company and instead some sort of software co producer
17:30 reminds me of saken
This is funny because my mom has always bought 5 gum Rain! 😂 literally part of my childhood. Till this day
Bro did they translated watermelon melon d’eau??? Thats pasteque wtf these morons
It's crazy I remember every single one of the original ads and none of the new ones.
No wonder I can’t find my fav flavor besides being named something other than after a flavor to begin with they have prob discontinued it
They would be great commercials for Thc gum
[143]]]
“Who’s chewed gum during games!?!”  (That one guy who does it sweating)
great video, seems slightly anti-gum though
Great Video 😂
I thot is a condom
15:23 hey, gamers need to bathe more, so please sit down lmao
How it feels to chew Five gum.   Man without a shirt rides a physical manifestation of their market share diving directly down.  Stimulate your senses... While you can.
I think gum should remain dead I have stepped on gum before getting stuck on my shoe, my friends have stepped on gum before and I had to spend a whole school lunch cleaning it off  When I was at work my coworker grabbed a shelf and touched gum. I once was cleaning some of our products and found gum stuck to it
Don't forget the "how it feels to chew 5 gum" also almost instantly became a meme, which definitely helps. Limitless free advertising there
It seems that 5 isn't available outside the US anymore
16:40 Fun fact: An energy drink has Vitamin B just as the same as the gum
10:26 I remember seeing the truth or dares on the wrappers and thinking "what in the Hell are they doing?" 🤣🤣🤣
How it feels to chew 5 gum  HELP I CANT SHIT NO MORE-  5 gum, stimulate your ferrets
i chew bubble gum while gaming
You look like pedro pascal
How it gum to chew 5 feels
11:19 I have a skater friend who regularly complains about people dancing on stuff at skate parks
Where I live chewing gum featured heavily in anti litter campaigns directed at children so I guess that might have played a part in the decline of its popularity
Nowadays listening to someone chew gum while they talk is as socially relatable as smoking sections in restaurants.
I think bud light takes the top spot for how to ruin an image 😂
Pedro… pascal…?
Honestly, with everything about their old advertising its kind of a surprise it took so long to go for the "gamer" demographic.   What the hell does that even mean, what the hell ties the people who play video games together other than a very wide an diverse  hobby?
the most fucked up part of 5 gum is that it actually was delicious
5 is the axe body spray of gum 😂
I'm embarrassed to admit that for decades I didn't know that the gum was called "5" and I always believed that when the ads said "what it feels to chew 5 gum", it was talking about grabbing five gum and eating them at the same time.
Man I remember in 2016 when I saw gore videos and then see "captured on iPhone" or see the "how it feels to chew 5 gum" clip lol
we need to have more advertising feel like trent reznor should be there. we need this as a society now more than ever.
They gonna come after me for being a teenage girl who ate that gum like it was crack? As a gamer I can say that gum did none of that XD and I doubt the League of Legends Sweaters are chewing gum while gaming, they'd choke to death with all their rage, also fun fact either ONE OF or THEE mansion of Wriggly gum is like 5 blocks from my mothers house XD Almost in the country, they are super strange people especially how they handle their garbage.
pedro pascal???
They should have leaned into the, how it feels to chew 5gum memes, it'd also be interesting to see a flavor of gum that's designed to go well with a specific drink, from some special flavor of gfuel, to off the shelf soda or teas,
Green Tea and B Vitamins is just caffeine. It's caffeinated gum. That's it 💀
Juicy fruit is the best gum, 5 gum is for tools
2007 I was 15 in High School I remember me and my peers would buy and pass these around like drugs 😂😂
"you know the ONE thing we're known for? let's do something else" always been a phenomenal idea..
You look like Pedro Pascal and Scumbagdad had a kid
Skip to 7:00 to get to the point.
,,14 to 25 year old male status seeker" is so hilariously acurate. The guys who chewed on 5Gum back than were oddly enough often times the same that wore Diesel, overpriced watches and got cars the second they were allowed to drive one. I´ve never seen the connection to gum, but it makes way too much sense.
As a gamer; I've never seen a single ad targeted towards gamers from 5 gum, until this video. The last time I've ever seen a 5 gum commercial was on TV in between spongebob episodes 14 years ago or so lmao   I kind of thought they stopped existing a decade ago lol
Displate uses AI art. They don't disclose this anywhere and even try to hide it by using fake human "artist" profiles on their website.  Don't support these shady practices. And especially don't pay $50 for some early looking AI art.
discord bit was really funny, "it's GUM"
I remember collecting every flavor at the time something like 10 flavors and rolling a stick from each into a massive roll to truly stimulate my senses and when I put in my mouth and chewed it tasted like complete ass. I decided to bury it in a ziplock bag in the flower beds so that monstrosity never saw the light of day again.
I remember getting three packs of Respawn gum free with an order from Razer. It was meh
They should have tried keeping the intensity of the older commercials by changing the formula of the ad's to "How does 5 Gum intensify your normal reality?" For example, having a bit of that grounded premise in the ad. Then the character snacks on a stick and THEIR REALITY TURNS INTO A DOPE 5 GUM TESTING FACILITY.   Also wtf do u mean dude, I always game while chewing gum whenever I can. The minty sensation keeps me awake and a bit more focused (especially if i pair it with ice cold water). It also keeps me from eating awful unhealthy chips and there's no messy Dorito dust on my fingers to worry about. ALSO I CLOSE MY MOUTH WHEN I CHEW! IM NOT A HORSE lmao 😄  Minty 5 gum has always been a nice way to help me focus on tests when I was in school and my work today. It's a way for me to avoid drinking unhealthy overpriced energy drinks. A way for me to avoid taking stuff like Adderall when that spiked in popularity (even though the effects aren't anywhere near that intense, but it was just enough for me.) And gum has always been a discreet way for me to fidget as well. All really made more sense to me when I was diagnosed with ADHD. So it still really helps me to this day.   I think you could have done with more outside long-time consumer opinions when it came to that segment. But overall the video was good and fun to watch 😊
i love your eyes
This video does not need to be this long. You kinda meander on the same points slowly, and even repeat things. 5 stars
It would be interesting to see the correlation between gum sales and number of smokers.
I loved 5 gum, it had much stronger flavor and it was fresh for longer
I remember buying those gums in italy when i was 8/9 years old . And liking the way the pagaging looke like a wallet😊
i never saw the adds but for some reason this gum was very popular in my school as a kid, if you had 5 gum you were cool!!! I also remember mentos 3D gum was very popular too...
You can chew gum pretty silently when you close your mouth like you should
The nostalgia for certain advertising campaigns will never not be weird. Not that I can fully separate myself from it but I still think it's weird.
6:30, Missed opportunity to say "lost it's flavor"
"Who chews gum whilst playing video games"  Man... i do... its like a fidget thing for me
The visuals in those first ads were quite good for that era, back when the first iphone was hitting the streets.  2007 does not seem that long ago, but wow, that is a long time ago when it comes to computer generated imagery.  Apple Power Mac G5 was able to get 4 cores of computing by putting twin quad cores into the original cheese graters.  I was working in graphics at the time and actually had one, hence the SN I still use to this day, LOL.  Before that we had those gumdrop translucent imacs with the ridiculous round mouse.  These gum ads were quite remarkable.  Everything was transitioning from late 90s bold colors to stainless steel and metal and edgy.  The gum ads were exceptional.  Of course the "smart" people at the top knew better than the people who launched the brand to the moon and changed it.
My grandmother (dead now) chewed spearmint 5 gum because it covered up the cigarette taste when she wasn’t smoking
I’m kind of glad chewing gum is going out of style. I went to middle school during the 5 gum age. The amount of gum on railings, under desks, on walls…. Ewwwwww
Bing bing
Watching this makes me realize how far advertising has fallen as an industry in the past 20 years
Thank goodness Razer's RESPAWN 5 Gum never came to Canada. I would just spend my money instead on a Razer Blade 18 rather than getting their other stuff, because I got a job to do.
BRO NO WAY YOU REFERENCED FRANCOIS FROM LIPSMACKERS IM DEAD 💀💀💀
I still really like the 5 Solstice if I can find it.
5 Gum: Annihilate your senses
Don't ask me how but 5 gum slotted right up in there next to Adult Swim and Toonami for me. I was smack in the middle of that demographic. And i bought it hook line and sinker. It was good gum though.
I've literally never stopped chewing 5 xD it's my go to gum brand. The lack of flavors bums me out tho.
Im so sick of getting chewing gum ads. Can't believe chewing gun can be so obnoxious
used to SLAM this stuff and then totally forgot about it. magical.
On the whole do stimulates help with gaming?  Only if you have the skill to start with... A good analogy would be "If you don't know how to drive, a cup of coffee isn't going to make you a pro driver"  Reactions and focus. You'll focus on how bad your losing and react faster to being killed.
This video was so well made
This gum was so Techno
No wonder I stopped seeing 5gum memes years ago
The way you talk makes my face tired...
New here, didn’t know Pedro Pascal had a YouTube channel lol. Great video though ✌🏾😎
my favorite meme “how it feels to chew five gum” *clip of someone doing something fucked* “stimulate your senses”
No he right tho
you know, he kind of looks like pedro pascal with the mustache.
You missed an interesting time in the 5 gum history, which was the long running ARG they ran around 2012-2013.  There was an unraveling story about the facility shown in the 5 gum commercials with weekly puzzles and hidden clues that required purchasing more 5 gum packs to acquire codes to unlock.  In the end there was a hunt in (I believe 5) major cities around the US to win undisclosed prizes and some kind of statue.  I was actually really into it at the time and was buying ridiculous amounts of 5 gum for codes.  Kinda a smart campaign to be honest.
In middle school 5gum immediately made you cool. When the released the Black Edition we all went crazy because it tasted like fruity pebbles.  It became a highly traded commodity.
how it chews to gum 5 feel gum gum  sense your stimulate
someone tell me the song at 14:15 please
It feels so weirdly eerie to me that this video is the FIRST time i am hearing about this.
Well now I feel stupid, for the longest time I thought the meme "how it feels to chew 5 gum" meant 5 pieces of gum, not a f*cking brand
my boy looking like a skinny Pedro Pascal
Respawn is actually my go to gum 😂😂
Shut up Pedro pascal
How it chews to gum five feels  Gum Gum
i love chewing gum while on the game
17:13 oh wow, that is nostalgic, that machinima.
If I saw chewing gum being advertised as the most extreme sensory experience, I would question if they secretly got hallucinogens past the FDA.
the idea that people have never seen a stimulate your senses ad, is just wrong to me. also i dont remember a single 5 gum add other then those ones
Video start: 7:52
I miss the old commercials a ton it used to be badass  But I think the reason they changed the marketing direction was the how it feels to chew five gum memes
We need this comeback for humanity
Didn’t even know they still advertised after their initial commercials
5 Gum probably would have been fine if they just kept using the "stimulate your senses" marketing stuff.  I really loved their gum but for a while now its not even available in germany anymore.
Those commercials def didnt work on me
How it gums to chew 5 feels.  Gum gum. Sense your stimulate.
Why not say 5 had 5 years of good sales instead of half a decade? It would go perfectly
Ok but like the respawn fun helps me focus in school and calm me down
One thing that you don’t mention that I wish you did is that “how it feels to chew five gun“ is a meme.  All of those teenagers that they marketed to are now grown up and use the gum as a reference in jokes and memes.  Now would be the perfect time for Wrigley’s to revive their old commercials.   Hell, they could even get away with airing the old ones without any, new visuals at all.
Although I’m not a gum person, those early commercials have definitely found a place inside of my head rent free. Even though they discontinued them when I was a preteen I can still distinctly remember the voice advertising the brand
Good 2 am entertainment. I want to feel chewing 5 Gum again.
idk if its a good or a bad thing that i literally had no idea about ANY of this
3:20 sponsor end
i always thought 5 gum packaging looked like condoms 😭like outside of that tho it does look very cool, i remember the watermelon flavor slapped, but it was so expensive for what youd get like damn
Didnt know pedro pascal had a channel
It's crazy that they stopped the "How it feels" marketing in 2014, just in time for not even a year where it became a massive meme. An olympic gold medal performance in missing your moment.
Idk if I’m just tired but this was hilarious
Sitting here with my Excel White pack chewin bubblegum-flavored gum with a computer game open, and you gotta call me out like that?
"Don't let them forget they tried this!" Lulz
THE WAY HE DIDN'T SAY IT UNTIL THE END IS CRAZY
I've had respawn it's nothing special
7:46 is that…. JOE BERETA? 😂 of SourceFed and ValleyFolk and Smosh fame?!
if someone put you in a Captain America machine, Pedro Pascal would come out
Is this Pedro pascal’s cousin or smth?
I was the target age demographic at the time the brand was introduced, and I hated it from the start.
7:43 Saving this for reactions 😂
Isn't 5gum the one with the wrappers that can easily be stuck onto different surfaces? I remember my siblings and I would COVER binders and entire wall sections with those gum wrappers, they peeled like stickers
I've never even seen most of the ads, it was just good gum.
as someone who chews gum while playing video games i took this personally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGjk4XZU06k
it's time to kick ass and chew....bubble yum
Interesting video, if a bit cringe.
Pedro Pascal talks about gum for 20 minutes.
I literally never saw a 5 gum commercial… I just liked the flavor :3
first time i saw one of the commercials i thought to myself it must be some new graphic cards or unknown new technological gadget stuffs...
nothing about the meme? really?
I mean, I feel like they said a bunch in school chewing gum does help you focus on your test and remember the information you absorbed while chewing gum
you've never watched twistzz play csgo or anyone on liquid.  when they're geeked at the major they're chewing gum.
pedro pascal?
i'm sorry, it's difficult for me to focus on the subject matter of the video because i'm too distracted by the fact that you are a clone of pedro pascal
good video
close enough, welcome to youtube pedro pascal
I got here from the meme of the guy whacking the bar with the pole.
I work a wally world. Although I don't work candy much, I can't say I remember 5 gum being there. It's just so forgettable I guess.
I finally realized why this felt familiar. slow start just copied internet historian's style right down to fuckin titles
If 5 is so good why didn’t they ever make 6?
To summarize,  People initially thought the gum would actually make you feel things like an acid trip.  Then everyone realized it's just gum, but it did last a long time and the packaging was nice so it was cool.  Then they changed marketing tactics and made you completely forget about the gum altogether.   Did Wrigley's learn nothing from the Quiznos commercials!? 😂😂😂
"The Axe Body Spray of Gum."  That is VERY accurate. 😂😂
I have no idea if this was somehow intentional but I got a genuine YouTube ad for 5 gum in this video. I swear I’ve never gotten those before lol
Bought it once when they were new. Most dissapointing food I ever bought.
me sorry
I think this is a definitely a case of investors always demanding an increase on profits year on year instead of being happy with an already successful product which requires the advertisers and product makers to keep trying new things to grow their market share which eventually shittifies the product and the consumers move onto something else. It happens with everything, from games to movies to  software. If it aint broke, dont fix it
The discord call was a great touch bro 😂😂😂 loved the video.
Proceeds to exaggerate chewing on discord lol. Although gamers don't chew gum while gaming from what I'm aware.
I eat gum while playing sometimes
"How it feels to chew 5 gum" [A blue whale launches itself from the sea and ejaculates a geyser of jizz which obliterates the lighthouse off of a lonely crag of rock]  "Stimulate your senses"
Thich Quang Duc was chewing 5 Gum on June 11, 1963.
Imagine having a society where the level of effort and talent that was put into 5 gum was put into literally anything else.
My pet peeve was the tattoo one cos like that doesn’t take 5 seconds lol like yeah five seconds until you start and now keep doing that for the next hour
Not even through the video, I was convinced to get a pack of 5 gum with the old commercials but the moment you started showing the new commercials I had to change my mind
I’m glad chewing gum has fallen out of popularity. I rarely step on gum nowadays, and the sidewalks of my city are not as ugly with black spots from it either
I have like 9 sticks of gum in my backpack inside some plastic case. I think it's 5 gum. I couldn't tell you. That's not a good sign. Cool plastic case though, I guess.
I spent half my life thinking these were condoms
you kind of look like Pedro Pascal
really poor review, the guy only rants about nostalgic stuff that is no more
16:50 Ok, I have to challenge this one. I chew gum and play games. The difference between your “example” and me is that I don’t chew like a cow chewing cud. :)
This video isn't about chewing gum. It's actually about the current political polarization.
If you had 5 gum in school. You was popular
Fivegum did taste better than any other thi
If they started making commercials where they started using memes that include the slogan.... I'd probably buy it. Those were always funny.
I feel like a fairly similar situation is with Airheads. They had a pretty consistent campaign with "out of control", but then changed their slogan, and since then they change their slogan like twice per rebrand.
17:00 twistzzz
please dont include excrutiating chewing sounds in your future videos
Hey real quick that lip smacking segment, never ever do that again.
Chew on your stimulate gum your senses
I wouldn’t even say 5 was the axe body spray of gum, because people used other body sprays. When I was in middle/high school (2008-2014) this was the only gum people bought other than the occasional Stride lover
A dozen flavors? Here there never was more than 3 at first, and then a 4th appeared, and that's it also I've seen none of those weird campaigns except the first ones.. perhaps that's because I stopped watching tv altogether though.
man pedro pascal is really good in this video
I never cared about 5 Gum, but what I do miss is Stride, at least here in Canada, it's gone
idk anyone who actually knew the flavors by name we all just referred to the color on the packaging
In the uk we havent had 5 GUM in years i miss it
ive bought that respawn gum💀 the yellow one to be exact, found it in a store and let me tell you that tropical yellow box has black sticks in it and they taste like assssss. I didnt even finish the pack i has like two pieces it was just gross
Tasted them once, sucked...
Doesnt gum make your stomach produce acid for food thats never coming, it's also a grimey habit because you have to spit it somewhere and it stays on pavements or clothes for years. It's pretty disgusting and should be banned
I chewed a lot of five gum in middle school, 100% was the exact demographic they wanted back in the day and it was “cool”. I miss Flare
It’s gum 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
We called it "5 chew gum" because 5-chews was how long the "intense flavor" lasted before going flat. lol
How it chews to 5 feels gum.
This is the perfect video to start my day with  Cute guy ✅ Niche topic ✅ Target demographic ✅ Banger editing ✅ Mustache ✅
I never bought the gum. The ads were so ridiculous I couldn't have cared any less.
I chew gum all day dude lol. But I know how to not be obnoxious with it because I hate that shit
Why is there no gum maker that is marketing towards car owners? Everyone has a pack of gum in his car just make it a essential every car needs and u done thats it u dont need more. Why tf are they so bad at their job
To be fair chewing gum while playing a game is normal, since it isn't necessary to play coop games, -or have friends-
how it chews to gum 5 feels
Just more further evidence that people in marketing are among(us) the most incompetent people contributing to the economy.
The fact that “how it feels to chew 5 gum” became a meme for a while should’ve been an incredible opportunity to revamp the original marketing and get some new business, I can’t believe they didn’t take that opportunity which was basically handed to them
This guy looks like he could be Pedro Pascuals lil brother
how this is gum to chew feel 5
poopfarty
chewing gum is so unrivalled nobody will never make me hate it
yo displate is shady af
fire your editor
I've always thought gum was kind of gross. I remember 5 gum, but I had no idea they were trying to market to my demographic. lol
As someone who only knew about the "How it feels to chew 5 gum" era, wow
"Who chews gum while playing games???" Well, about 80% of people chew gum, so it must be 80% of gamers that do so
It's funny the only mention of Five I've heard in the last decade was when people started making memes using that iconic slogan as the punchline. They hit gold with that but sorry I don't chew gum. kcc
imagine they interviewed an elderly german man for the no regrets campaign.......
better ad for 5 gum than the actual ads for 5 gum... great stuff, my guy
swear to god i remember those commercials and i thought it was an energy drink
As to the gum I do use gum while playing games but I only play solo games or no mic as I get headaches if I ain’t chewing on something
Do you remember when companies tried to sell things to demographics? Instead of preaching to everyone about social justice?
who chews gum like that like wth
I personally like narrated PowerPoint presentations.
Covid totally killed the gum industry
When his face popped up I did not expect to see a skinny version of Pedro Pascal.
when the markting is so dogshit it get's a youtube essay.
How it feels to chew five gum:   AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-  Five gum. Stimulate your senses
People taking the how it feels to chew five gum then cutting it to someone jumping into a wall is something I will never forget. That was hilarious and I will forever miss that version of five gum.
Was not exprcting pedro pascal to be narrating this
I disagree with the take at the end. 5 Gum was a product of its time. It can't go back to its roots because "its roots" wouldnt resonate with consumers today
Can confirm. I've neither seen nor heard about literally any of these adds past the 'how it feels to chew 5 gum' section. I remember loving the stuff back then, that advertising worked like a bomb. Swerve especially, as you said 'the fuck does swerve taste like???' Delicious that's what. Shame that they KO'd their brand.
I literally, TWO DAYS AGO, made a "Now I know what it's like to chew 5 Gum, eh?" at something that was an implied extreme experience, and it was INSTANTLY understood by the entire group and everyone laughed their ass off. To think that something so simple literally DOMINATED pop culture for so long, and it was such a wildly successful ad campaign that I could reference it in 2024 is INSANE to throw all away.
Bro yiu look like a discount Pedro Pascal
Have you ever ****** with your pants on?
Man... I wish I could attach a photo of me in Australia at a Woolies right now with the 5Gum I can see being sold...
Weirdly, chewing gum when gaming is actually a pretty good idea. Firstly, as long as you weren't raised by absolute mongrels, you don't smack your lips when chewing it, so the sound issue is fabricated. Secondly, before even talking about vitamins and tea extracts and such, we need to take one fact into account that gum manufacturers missed: chewing gum increases brain functionality. So the base product "chewing gum" is already an enhancer. That limits your ability to feast on crappy Doritos. I don't actually see any downsides.
Stuff like this is why I have no respect for marketing as a field
17:27 worst ASMR ever! 😄😄😄
I like chewing gum while doing most anything, but I also know how to chew quietly, and if your going to sell me a new gum, it'd better be a colorful set of rainbow bubble gums that includes flavors like cherry, vanilla, cola, maple, lime, banana, and grape.  "Rain?".  I don't care what rain tastes like, and "swerve" sounds like it'll turn my breath to new car smell.
Are you sponsored by wrigley? Because now I want some 5 gum. This is the advertising they needed.
17;05 ''who wants to sit in a discord call with a guy smacking his lips?'' * cries in misophonia* you get it
They could literally take the whole mewing market community that EVEN BETTER goes well with their original ads, the whole Sigma thing, as easy as that
I don't miss the days of the pavement being covered in old gum.
damn yeah forgot how this was everywhere
I think they also really shot themselves in the foot with the dwindling flavors. 5 used to have some unique-ass flavors. I still remember the first time I tried the fruity RPM one and how strong and long lasting it was. Now they have 2 flavors. Watermelon and 3 different mints (which come on, that’s just one flavor my guy)
Young Pedro Pascal?
I was in middle school when 5 was at its peak. This shit was crack to us.
Good video I think that adding the memes that popped up around this would have added more to it’s popularity
Why is Pedro Pascal explaining the life cycle of gum to me
Out of product being ran by Liberal Management with their soft marketing lol from a brand that's known for pushing the boundaries.
How the fuck do so many commentators not understand how to manage basic narration?! I can't listen to this shit. It's like those awful singers that may or may not have a talent of their own who decide to try and do Mariah Carey's complex flair. Find a voice and use it. Don't keep emulating the rubbish rhythms of clickbaiters.
stoped when gum removed sugar cause i Hate artifical sweatners they suck.
I wonder how much they spent to produce this marketing campaign for me to buy their product exactly once. I dont understand how people fall so much for marketing sometimes.
I liked the original flavors and would still buy it if it was sold in the stores I frequent
9:47 XQC
"How it feels to chew 5 Gum" is a literal meme lmao
clicking off because your head looks like a lightbulb. sorry. love you  ps. i want you
after 5 gum seemed to drop off the face of the earth, i gotta say, i never thought they'd be making a comeback with ads zooming in on the luscious lips of a gamer, but i can't say i'm surprised it's working
Watched this in my ear buds while I was at work so I couldn’t skip ads and I counted 4 mid rolls…
i can’t believe they didn’t start with gamers. its such an obvious step from middle school edgelords Xᗡ
First time watching one of your videos. You look like a young Pedro Pascal.
Jokes on 5, I can already taste words and concepts
when call of duty mw 3 came out me and my childhood friend actually bonded over eating gum while playing MW3
you completely missed the point, they died right off the batt because noone bought it
I remember watching these ads as a lil kid thinking it was deodorant
such an amazing video
Not to give marketing ideas to megacorporations, but as someone who grew up with stuff like Pokemon and Bionicle, a big factor of 5's appeal that I'm surprised they never caught on to is the collectability. Like the gum was good and I wouldn't've bought it if it wasn't, and they offered more flavors than other brands at the time, but honestly the main reason I wanted to buy it was cuz I liked the packaging. I'd look at it and imagine the flavors as different elements, and what it'd look like to have powers based on them, which is also why I liked that there were so many flavors. And honestly the emphasis on the senses in the marketing added to this, it was like they were trying to imbue you with the essence of the flavor or "element" of the gum.
At the 17 minute mark you ask who chews gum while gaming. Esports players. Specifically because they aren’t allowed to have liquids or food near the computers. So it kinda works for that angle. Niche but.. thought out.
I do not understand the critical angle you have towards the later ad campaigns. You act like its some cherished cult classic TV show that was ruined in the latest season. Is this this intentional?  All of your commentary is very surface level. You criticize the gamer angle because "who chews gum while playing games?" while also implying that Doritos and Mountain Dew are somehow a time tested gaming accessory. Except that you only associate them with gaming because of gamer-centric advertising... even when eating Doritos while gaming is arguably worse of a descision than chewing gum.  You definitely have skill when it comes to editing, (although, in my opinion, it's a little over the top🙃) so you absolutely have the ability to present an idea in an interesting way. And of course, I'm just one person and you really don't have to please everyone.
I chew gum while gaming.
I remember when Five gum came out, I was intrigued seeing the ads. Bought it a few times but didn’t really like the taste.
ill never stop chewing 5 gum im like 16 years in
5 Gum is the most 2000s product ever. The edgyness, the grungey/cyberpunk aesthetic and the OTT naming system. I always remembered the ads in the late 2000s and virtually forgot about 5 gum after the early 2010s, I actually thought Wrigley's pulled 5 Gum entirely.
sorry i just could take 8 min.
It was a good gum though, lasted longer than most of the crap.
lol 8 minutes of introduction..
2007 was a good year man 😎
The marketing history of 5 Gum is the actual embodiment of "You either die a hero or live long enough to become the villain".
16:47 people looking to bite their tongues off!
14:51 oh god, the cringe, please make it stop!
11:37 what else could this one even be?
11:12 isn’t this the footage from their commercials, not stock footage
this is kinda sad to see. I really loved 5 gum back in the day, but since they started to increase the price while also decrease the size of the packages, I stopped buying them.
Who tf chews gum that loud?
Bro is Pedro Pascal if he was teen
When I was a teen I thought 5 was cool just because the packaging looked cool
Hot Take: 5 gum fell of because New Trident Layers With Layers And Layers of Flavor! was a better gimmick.
I was at the perfect age for their advertising when 5 gum came out. In the mind of a middle schooler you HAD to have it in order to be cool. I didn't even chew gum and i'd still carry a pack around. That's how effective their advertising was
"14 to 25 year old male status seekers" i feel personally attacked
So it's Wrigley's gum except the packaging was designed by axe body spray. Cool.
I eat food during using Discord VC.. Theres a magic option called *Push to talk*
5:07 ah, a monopoly
they can't just take it back to where it was cause it was dying then. what I think needs to happen is literally make 5 gum have some form of stimulants in it. caffeine gum hasn't really caught on in America, but if it had that whole like "it feels like wild shit happening to you" then strong flavors + actual stimulants would be the play. people who are too lazy or too cheap to buy coffees in the morning or don't want to carry around an energy drink while they're at work might just be chewing caffeine gum.
I worked on the digital advertising for 5 Gum back in the day. 😂 Paid the bills during the 2008 recession!
I haven't bought or chew gum in 8 years.
And watermelon
I was  demographic for that gum. Got it once, realized its shit and never got it again.
I miss the 5 gum flavor that tasted like monster
Wait wait wait. So they did an ad campaign about old people's regrets and that was it? They asked old people what they regret and then they said what they regretted and then the ad ended?   Would it have not made way more sense to ask them what they regret, then help them do the thing they regret not doing. And that would've played into their whole branding of doing crazy stuff so much better.
Middle school and highschool I always had a pack of 5 rpm in my backpack
I remember if you chewed the 5 gum long enough it would just fall apart and leave a disgusting vomit taste and an oily coating in your mouth. Particularly the Pulse tropical flavor.
Dumbest ad I’ve ever seen
Realizing the last time i watched a gum commercial that wasn't immediately deleted from my brain was "that's the statement of a great mint in double mint gum
Given the investment into the new campaign and the do-over there’s likely a very good reason why they’re making the change. The outlook of the market segment likely doesn’t justify a “cool” image anymore. These kind of mega confection corps run focus groups and surveys every year to understand their audience better (happen to work where these projects happen) - it’s very rarely an uneducated decision  Other potential reasons could be 5 is cannibalizing other lines (and 5 understandably yields a lower margin), so they just repurposed it into something else cuz it’s cheaper than launching a new brand
Am I the only one only just hearing about 5? I saw them on the shelves, bought them once or twice, but I didn't know there was this much lore attached to it!
The problem is that the product is always disappointing.  Then I can just spit it out and wonder WTF was I thinking?  And then never buy it again because it's not addicting.  Also, sounds like their campaign should be called #ABSOLUTELYregret if you're targeting people who have massive regrets.  On the flip side, regret usually pertains to personal choices.  I know that's not the exact definition but I think that's the most impactful use of the word.  "I regret WWII."  Yeah no shit, so do most countries.
Dumb kid me actually thought the mint gum got colder as you chew…
Liked the video. But the line at the end is what made me actually click the like button
The crazy thing is seeing a video of someone getting hit by a car or electrocuted or something like that on instagram , there’s always someone in the comments like “that’s what it feels like to chew 5 gum” 😂😂
I don't care about the marketing, though the packaging is nice, but the gum is amazing.  I've never in my fifty odd years found gum that held its flavor the way 5 does, especially the mint flavors.  I'm chewing it now.
hey five gum kids, schedule a consult with a local chiropractic clinic, its good to have a qualified back specialist on retainer. sit down with a CFP and get that IRA started too.
My son was 14 when 5 Gum came out. He was *ABSOLUTELY* the target demographic for it, and fell for it hard. He had always been a gum-chewer, but suddenly 5 Gum was the only gum he wanted.
As a chewing gum connoisseur, Wrigley's New 5 gum is better than extra or trident. Flavor lasts longer and the gum consistency is better. Weird hill for me to die on, but it is a superior product to other Wrigley's and competitors' chewing gums.
Truly a crazy gum. The commercials were amazing.
When I chew it I still imagine stimulate your senses they really did make a mistake changing it
Ill be honest, i dont know how you even sell gum anymore in this economy. With people having to save more money and work more hours, who in their right mind would spare even two bucks for a package of 10 minuted flavor sticks with zero nurtitional value?
That pink 5 gum had an unbelievable hold over me when I was 14
I chew gum while I video game cause if I don’t I’ll be snacking on far unhealthier things. I feel like that’s pretty normal
In the words of Master Shake:"This is for !@#&ing gum!"   If they also kept their orginal marketing the memes would have definitely helped it's sales.
You look like if pedro pascal was greek
When mom says we have Pedro Pascale at home
"look at my hands" Jesus christ are those callus. What build-a-bear you building at?
Been chewing 5 gum since it came out I was in middle school now in 2024 I’m 27 and still buying 5 cobalt on the weekly idk placebo or not I feel like it helped me focus back in class and playing basketball and the smacking can be controlled I talk to customers and a lot of the time they can’t tell I’m chewing gum
discount Pedro Pascal, nice
They had adds so well known that they’re still quoted and today as a meme with comments like “Is this what it feels like the chew five gum?”, and they completely dropped it for something eclipse mints every other brand could do.  No wonder if fell off
This gut looks like Pedro pascal but if he was vegan
I’m literally in tears… at the video of the discord chat. 😂😂😂😂😂 so funny. Oh love it man. Love it.
Bro seeing these old 5 gum ads brings me back to middle/ high school lmao
The world gave them free marketing and they completely ignored it.
I know you are trying to make a point, but only cartoon characters chew gum like that you goober. Nobody is able to tell if you are chewing gum on a discord call as long as you chew it like a normal human being instead of a horse.
I didn't know Pedro Pascal became a youtuber.
Dude 5 rpm used to be my favorite as a kid, kinda wish theyd bring it back
At this point it really feels like they should've just gone from "stimulate your senses" straight to gamer stuff.  In my country the cinnamon flavoured one disappeared about ten years ago and it's sad, it really was my favourite gum flavour of all times.
I never saw any of the ads after the Stimulate Your Senses campaign, and was genuinely under the impression 5 Gum just stopped existing in 2014.
I remember being in highschool and wanting 5 gum but being broke and too afraid to ask my parents for money.
Oh shit dollar store Pedro pascal
My grandma has loved 5 rain forever. I always thought she was so cool when she offered me a piece.
Wait ... I was the target? I just chewed the regular wriggly gum at that time
Bro that’s crazy, 5 gum is actually lacing their gum lmaoo. I only like to chew gum when it’s laced with adderall while I game. It’s scientifically proven that gum laced with adderall helps with focus.
The reason I stopped chewing 5 gum was simple. The flavor didn't last. I remember buying the blue gum and the green gum (I never remembered their names - it was green, blue, red and pink to me) and was disappointed at how fast they lost the flavor, to the point that it felt like a gimmick to get you to buy more gum because you chewed through a pack so fast. Or maybe that was just me.
as a average gamer , razer product is suck and overprice
I got a 5dare to act invisible for a minute and I just crawled around my moving school bud and got kicked off for a week bc I was climbing over people
i hate gum
Hello YouTube Pedro pascal
They made the packaging resemble a box of condoms at first glance.
"How it chews to gum 5 feels".   "Gum gum. Mmm"   "Sense your stimulates."
Ok but the 5 gum wintergreen flavor was so good 😭
GG GamerGum though... how did they mis the rebrand.
You're really going to try to say that hanging a picture is hard to do? Well I'm giving a thumbs down . Get rekt
I would sum up their various re-branding attempts by saying that I didn't even know 5 gum had any marketing other than the "how it feels" stuff.
Chewing 5 gum right now lol
Pedro Pascal talking about chewing gum is the whimsy i need in my life.
This video is the best ad 5 gum ever had
My biggest question here is.. how much did 5 pay to have this very video created?
They even got a perfect chance to utilize the old ads when the memes were popping of in 2016 XD
Speaking as a 14 year old boy in 2007 we didn't stand a chance against that marketing.
Learning about chewing gum with Pedro Pascal.
I remember talking to a guy who made the vfx for the early 5 gum ads. He made the footage for general marketing without knowing what it would be used for. Then years later he saw his work on tv for 5 gum and was like ‘.. oh cool :) ‘
Back when 5gum was slowly introduced in the German market, I as a primary school student found them so mysterious. A new brand, instant hit. Then some kid brought another taste of 5gum from their vacation. From then on, the others literally started collecting and trading the packaging, because the brand was so hyped
Why would you chew gum with an openn mouth? And there are actual studies that show that chewing gum can help concentrate and remember stuff.
Ironically, if they did an ad reviving the "how it feels to chew 5 gum" trope, they probably would get a rise in sales from nostalgic former customers
As someone who grew up with 5 Gum I distinctly remember somewhere after 2010 people started saying the flavours weren’t as intense. Can’t help but wonder if that contributed to the decline.  The original 5 Gum that I tried and hated at the time had really strong and insane flavour for the first like minute of chewing, but it pretty quickly wore off and you didn’t get much gum left over. The result was that you had to pop another stick in your mouth to keep the flavour going. I truly think this was the secret to their success back then.
#noragerts
I remember loving the RPM flavor because it tasted like energy drinks🤣🤣
is this video a 20 minute ad for 5gum
16:49 Everyone in the CS scene, starting with Twistzz
Wait... a young time traveling Pedro Pascal? Is that you?
They should make 5Gum Nicotine gum instead
Your videos acting out the print adds lmfao dead
They 4-got about the gum. That was their mistake, they should've 5-got about it.
I know 5gum only from the memes in like 2015-2017
The original commercials communicated to us that the experience of chewing 5Gum was an experience you couldn't find anywhere else. The modern commercials just remind me of things I'd rather do than chew 5Gum.
I still see Juicy fruit or Strawberry extra or hubba bubba or any gum apart from 5gum you never see it anywhere
All gum will improve focus  It’s just what gum does
HOW IT FEELS TO CHEW 5 GUM  then Darude Sandstorm plays whilst a guy jumps off a mountain of ball bearings
If you are chewing bubble gum that loudly in a call then... there's something wrong with you O.o
I dont get it... why not a gum instead of breath mints? Breathmints can give you the runs. Gum does not. Plus chewing does help you focus.
Another crazy thing about the marketing in the brand is that you can see ACTUAL IN-GAME Billboard Advertisements in Spider-Man: Web Of Shadows, one of my favorite Spider-Man games. It was unexpected, and I had to do a double take, but it's there and it's actually funny and unique for a brand to do this.
Femboy Pedro pascal jumpscare
It could be that gum just sucks. Like, why not just eat food?
Best ad for chewing gum, i wanna go buy some for the first time in 10 years. Wriglys should hire you
Look at these hands? Pardon me, because as a computer scientist I disapprove of your calluses.
Yeah, the only reason I bought 5 as a kid is because their ads are like movies, figure they deserve some business for their effort 😂
Our monitors back then were bad but not quite THAT bad, y'know
The PR team of 5 Gum sniffed a bit too much this time
I loved the gum. But they added something to it that really upset my stomach to the point where I got GERD. So I stopped chewing it completely.
They put the mastircheefondesoder
Their last tweet was four months ago and has five likes.
Respawn was heavily available at all GameStops for a while, but due to no one caring, lackluster flavor, and for some reason, really high price point-it all set until it expired. While working there after about the second time having to throw out a bunch of expired gum we just stopped getting it lol
I always assumed 5's marketing was supposed to be tongue in cheek and ironic. I liked it, but I never thought it was bad-ass. Just tasty gum with silly ads 😂
At least we remember 5 Gum. Be honest, when's the last time you talked about Stride Gum with your friends?
Kinda look like Joel from Last of Us without the beard. Great content, btw. ~
To this day, I only know five gum by stimulate your senses. this is just a lesson to not reinvent the wheel.
So that's what happened to it. It was everywhere as a kid but then I suddenly forgot about it and never saw it
just going off that discord call.....Sir you chew gum like a cow chews cud xD
How is chews to gum 5 feel... Gum gum.
I remember the original ad, and tbh if they took the gamer aspect and ran  the same ads with a VR spin on it it might work 🤷🏻‍♀️
How it chews to feel five gum
just got this recommended to me this is so fucking well done and funny
Bro is Pedro Pascual your dad?
I was in 7th grade 2008/2009 and I still have no idea why gum was treated as the “can I bum a smoke?” of school culture. Everyone wanted gum like a fucking mad man. Sure some were getting freaky even that young but like wtf did we need fresh breath 24/7 for?! It was like, 30% as important as having a slide phone.
man i just like the taste
4chan will never forget 5 gum and the hilarity lives on. The brand is not dead (the video prompted me to check though I've never tasted it).
Discords built in noise suppression is an insanely underrated....
5Gum - Abuse your Stimulants
bro who chews like that 17:30 close your damn mouth and chew
this video is so millennial codded
Definitely didn't remember seeing any of those ads after the crazy intense ones.  The one with all the speakers around some guy lying in a bunch of ball bearings always stuck with me for some reason.
I bought 5 gum just because of how cool the packaging looked when i was a little kid.
Hi Pedro Pascal
Wait I never heard about the gamer gum lowkey that sounds kinda dope. Both for my dental health and avoiding mindless snacking, gum is still a solid go to. I might be in the minority here tho 😅
There was always that one white kid at the middle school bus stop with a pack of 5 gum, and a can of monster
How it chews to gum 5 feel
Why does bro look like a young Pedro Pascal?
Got me to start buying it.
What about project icefly????? Bro how Are you gonna leave that out
I only buy 5 gum for the joke.
20 min is a bit much for an ad.
I still get a pack of cobalt before every first date. The ads did exactly what they were supposed to, and I will only ever buy 5 gum
i had no idea the “how it feels to chew 5 gum” memes were about a specific brand even though i’ve seen that gum in stores before and such, i always thought it meant “5 pieces of gum”. i never saw the commercials but that’s what i always thought it was from the memes
I fear we’ll never know how it feels to Cher 5 gum.
No shit I saw respawn gum everywhere for a couple years. Where was everyone having issues getting it?
I remember their ARG where they supposedly planted virtual prizes around big cities, I was close to one so I signed up but I never did find one bc I was 17
Remembering the old how it feels to chew 5 gum memes makes me laugh
The Wrigley's 5 Gum TV ads were one of the very few bizzare, over the top American ads that somehow made it to Europe and I loved watching them, sadly they stopped selling them in Europe like 8 years ago and I'm so jealous of you holding that one pack...
Gonna say the respawn gum seems to help me at least when I’m having trouble fully focusing especially driving at night. Not sure if it’s the b vitamins and green tea and the chewing or just the chewing itself. These companies need actual consumers marketing their products not some out of touch executive.
I remember everyone used to use 5 gum but now i see like one tiny little row on supermarket shelves 😂
edit: DAMN that ending was good. I don't remember most of these making its way to Europe (Spain). I always remembered the "how it feels to chew five gum" and the senses thing. Didn't knew there was all of this LOL.
Hello Canadian Friend, I just found your channel and I know you have 2.1m views I just want to tell you this is a great video and you should be proud I very much enjoyed watching this thank you
I miss the commercials man. When I was in school, some teachers would pass out mints during tests because that was supposed to help you focus on exams. I played competitively in rainbow six and would usually have a slice of gum in my mouth because I thought it helped me focus. Who knows if it did, but it certainly didn’t detract from my experience or others.
great video. subbed
if ure a guy and cant hammer a nail in a wall then the internet is the last thing u need.
I listened phones that had a razer brand.
I think that chewing gum is easier than drinking stuff while gaming. Helps maintain a consistent flavour in the mouth, which is way less distracting than picking up a drink. Makes sense to me that they'd target gamers with gum, but idk why they dont just add caffeine... or nicotine
go woke go broke
i never tried 5 gum haha
Pedro
19:12 when some random guy on YT knows better how to advertise their product than their whole company does is insane. I've never had 5 gum, I've never seen 5 gum but I do know this:  _HOW IT FEELS TO CHEW 5 GUM_  *STIMULATE YOUR SENSES*
Woah is that discount Pedro Pascal?!
I was gonna subscribe until you put the chewing noises in
I loved 5 gum, especially the energy gum.
Hot take: Wrigley needs to go bankrupt. There is nothing any company can do to make me want to chew on one of 7 different flavors of mint again, and all fruit flavored gum taste like chemicals for 20 seconds and then it's like chewing plain flavored gum.  The 90's are over, go rot over there Wrigley, no one likes you anymore.  My challenge to you: Buy a pack of gum and try to hand some out around your work... I guarantee everyone's answer will be: "No thank you, I don't really chew gum".  People literally don't want to be thought of as gum chewers, especially after covid when everyone's scared of mouth breathers. (edit: Don't buy gum... ask the cashier if you can have it for free, Wrigley doesn't deserve the sale)
How it feels to chew 5 gum has produced hilarious memes.
Razer: "Gamers, you asked me if i'm in the peripherals business or in the software business. Neither, I'm in the empire business."
1:46 "The Axe body spray of gum" .... that sums it up perfectly.
10:06 these 2 are literally the wrong way around. The Dare is a Truth and the Truth is a Dare.
Every step away from that original concept was a step in the wrong direction.
Gum is great when you are in a datacenter and the fans are all blowing dry hot air around, but you can't leave until the job is done.  That's when I break out some 5 cobalt - the flavor even lasts usually long enough that I can do what I need to do.  Without some gum your mouth and throat gets dry and it is pretty miserable.
Remember the commercials but dont remember those terrible slogans😂😂🤣🤣
I remember a popular fad at my school was carefully peeling the colorful foil off of 5 gum wrappers and then covering your binders and stuff in the foil  There was like a whole process to it
There's actually 7 "main" Biological senses (at least from what I was taught) Sight, Smell, Hearing, Taste, Touch, Balance, Orientation.
Nah they messed up so bad getting rid of the Feel Your Sensation ad campaign. Those commercials were iconic, easily recognizable, interesting, and different. I've never chewed gum while playing games, I've eaten everything else but gum.
If you chew gum, let alone anything like you did at 17:20 thats more then just a gum while gaming issue, that’s you being a fucking absolute asshole who never learned to chew with their Mouth closed and are chewing like that on purpose, sorry to say, but you totally lost the point there
The Discord call had me dying 😂
All the cool kids had 5 in highschool back in the day
Now I'm an adult so I'll do a line of snow and then yell "that's how it feels to chew 5 gum"
9:06
Damn Pedro Pascal has really fallen off  Oh well still a good vid
So it tries to go woke then get broke
Dislike because there was a sponsored segment
I miss rushing b 😢
You got lost in your own sauce at the end.
nice topic, but very tiring to watch video
Extra and 5 are my favorite gum brands. They last for an hour+ while other gums start to become more saliva than gum by the 45 minute mark.  I chew gum while playing games, but thats more to do that i chew gum while working, playing or anything
I chew gum while playing video games
Let the internet make memes over your slogan >>> that’s been the strategy over the last 4 years
I associate 5 Gum with my dad because he was one of those 2000s era edge lords and he chewed it a lot.
was there a p,p,p,point here.... um after 8 to 10 minutes I'm outa here. Try and get through the fluff and BS to your actual point before my patience runs out next time.
I actually even bought and really enjoyed the 5 gum, 100%  because of the advertising I was born in 2002, much younger than their target, and it was 100% the axe of gum
The only time I ever saw these adverts in the UK was in the pre-roll before the film at the cinema, and it was only the original three. The newer ones, including print, seemed to have never existed. I also never saw it in shops, and if it was is shops it wasn't given prime time; it was probably nestled between the only junk on those tiny shelves above the conveyer.  So... Watching this is certainly something...
Pedro Pascal?
Never saw the commercials, or if I did, I thought they were an ad for Resident Evil 9 and didn't look any further. I like the packaging - that's what got me to buy.
I loved this gums, but cant find them anywhere anymore...
How it feels to chew 5 gum feels
This had no business being this entertaining
i like their marketing and i think this video sucks
I bet this guy is friends with Kurtis.. he looks like he would be friends with Kurtis.
The last 30 seconds of the vid is the best 5 gum ad.
How it feels to chew five gum. Wait let me take my rgb gamer mask off rq
Chew our gum, it gives you anxiety. Weird pitch, I'm out.
This video made me buy gum today lol
Damn, I can believe at 1 stage my voice was breaking, while I was chewing 5 gum while smelling like Lynx Africa (Australian version of Axe), while wearing a call of duty t-shirt. I'm embarrassed just thinking about it.
If I was guna buy gum, and I do buy gum, I would buy 5 gum if it was on the shelf.
Never saw the original ads but 5 gum is remembered by the "how it feels to chew 5 gum GLUH GLUH GLUH" anyone remembers the name of that actress?
I used to work at GameStop and we had like 5 or 6 expired boxes of respawn gum rotting in the drawer
Did I hear a Mario party mini game loading screen song? Haha
16:50 Maybe they could've done one that had caffeine or something like a small energy drink as chewing gum... I like to eat sometimes while I play but I hate having greasy hands so I rather get water.  I'm just considering it, i don't eat candy often, specially chewing gum...But I do use stuff to fidget while I wait, specially in load screens, sometimes it's food...Most of the time it's water and the buttons
ayyy i saw that icon on your discord sevrvers go bolts
I had no idea 5 had such a bad advertising campaign. Ive bought 5 sweet mint since i was in highschool, still do. Havent even seen their bad adverts.
14:54 min "OddVidsion Media-Arcade" for those like me trying to find this song
The Razo logo looks a lot like the flag for Isle of Man ( not joking ) .
10:40 im just waiting for peoples faces to start morphing like in an AI commercial lol. Such generic music and announcer voice
Why would you chew gum like a cow lmfao. Heathen. Chew with your mouth closed like the rest of civilized society.
Why is Pedro Pascal telling me about 5 Gum?
I’m not gonna hate on that! Those commercials look sick af
That ending 🤌 Chefs kiss
Juicy fruit made me buy there shitty gum once they have good ads
Bbl drizzy
RIP  Fruit Stripe Gum :( The last of the stock is being sold off right now, and unfortunately will not be coming back according to its owner, Ferrara Candy .
Their first ads were cringe. I tried it once, but after that it was just a meme that showed up on tv every 15 minutes. If you unironically had 5 gum, people would either make fun of you, or ask you for a peice, and then look disappointed when they found out it was just regular old mint gum. In reality, gum just needs to expand their flavor profiles, and probably add some sort of mild stimulant. Just squirt vape juice straight into their mixing tanks and watch the profits explode.
5 gum is the chewing gum Cave Johnson would make.
Is this guy the voice on solar opposites
I miss 5 gum
I live in Australia and i swear I saw 5 gum the other day
If they made a commercial where a dude tried to kiss a chick and she was absolutely disgusted and embarrassed him I’d probably never kiss a chick again unless I had gum beforehand
Old school RuneScape spotted, have a like!
I can't believe I sat through whole video about gums
No regerts
I always chewed gum during gaming xD I never snacked as the oil and mess fucked up my gear.
In my opinion, if they were to rerelease the exact same original ads, packaging, and in store displays, the brand could have a resurgence on nostalgia alone. I would kill for a pack of Rain right now.
The reason why less and less people are buying gum is that fewer people are smoking cigarettes.
never realized that there's this whole level of reality i'm missing out on with adblock. i have never seen any of those ads.
There's people out there who need to hear this...  You can chew gum with your mouth closed.
Only edgy teenagers bought that to begin with.
Pablo Pascal's son makes some interesting content...
I was 16 when it came out and I liked 5gum, it tasted nicer, stronger and sweater, the taste lasted long before the "gum taste" came through and omg the packaging was amazing! It didn't get fucked up in your backpack/purse, getting gums spilled everywhere, it was convenient... and then gums just felt more and more inconvenient. Swallowing? Kinda gross I don't wanna do that. Spitting on the floor? Definitely gross, loser behaviour.   Gum just became a nuisance and that's why everyone prefers mints.
Woah... pedro pascal?
Good shit.
i also remember the meme culture taking their advertisement and remixing it. the newer advertisements just cant compare.
DARK AERO!!! such a cool design aesthetic
Great value pedro pascal (great video btw)
Icing on the cake is the Marketing Presentation mentions Millennials when 99% of the people in the video are actually Gen Z
An actual good video essay that isn't just some dude yapping for 30 minutes. It's a miracle.
They need to stimulate their Brian’s
5 gum flavor lasts an insanely long period of time! There's no comparison to other gums.
I was in middle school when 5 came out and it stayed the most popular gum in school through highschool if i remember right
`17:28 you were literally chewing gum with your mouth open, no shit it will be noisy and produced an annoying sound JUST LIKE CHEWING ANYTHING ALSE WITH YOUR MOUTH OPEN SHERLOCK
My first video I've seen of yours and I'm a fan! Well researched and very well edited!
I think the no regrets campaign is like a consequence of not chewing five gum in an alternate timeline
Swampletics poster in the background. A man of culture I see.  Oh and good video too
13:05 Will it, though? Wouldn't people feel condescended to? I hate it when companies broadcast political messages I agree with just as much as ones I hate. If anything, it's more insulting. I think the whole premise behind this is flawed. People don't like being manipulated--being manipulated poorly, even less so.
Does anybody know what video game the background song at 5:45 is in? The name isn’t listed in the description and it’s driving me crazy.
1:55 I had that whole starter pack lmao
They should have just had the commercial go something like this… “hey old people! You’re gonna die soon! Why not go out with 5 in your mouth instead of your dentures…..”
All I could think of, was all the memes about "How it gums to chew 5 feels, SENSE YOUR STIMULATE" from the second i read the title
I've seen so many videos of people being unalived, followed by "thats how it feels to chew 5 gum" I'd forgotten what the original commercials even did.
I am in the footage of this video  I require financial compensation
I genuinely forgot gum existed for the last decade.
I actually did buy the Respawn gum because I do like gum when Im playing games, lol  It keeps me from getting hungry and i feel like it helps me focus, but maybe that's just the placebo effect talking.
The fact that you wet your hair for the eel riding segment shows a passion I greatly admire.
This is America 😂😂😂😂
Genuinely feel like their best bet is to just rerun the how it feels to chew 5 gum commercials
What the heck I clicked on a silly video and it’s narrated by Pedro pascal?
Peso Pascal talking about 5 gum! I've seen stranger things...
How it gums to feel five chews. Gum gum. Sense your stimulate.
*"Simulate the senses."* was perfect.
Even with the scientific backing: why consume gum as a stimulant when adderall exists
Okay but strawberry 5 gum is the best. Sooo....
when I was a kid these commercials absolutely fascinated me, and I remember trying all of the flavors. In any case, I can't believe they did this to themselves
So basically 5 would have done better if they didn't try so hard
I don't know about y'all but I actually like the "cobalt" flavor more than their "competitors". To me, it's the best gum out there, outside the band aid gums from the early 2000s
Their original marketing tactic could work well for advertising to gamers.
Dear Lord please let razor put out a gamer oriented soap. Maybe they'll use it
I miss ouch gum
I'm probably going to be in the minority here but I already chewed caffeinated gum, it helped me to not anxiety snack, 5 is the first company to make a caffeinated gum that didn't taste like ass.
you look like Pedro Pascal if he rolled a 0 on charisma
you look like Pedro Pascal
The 5 Gum baby screaming meme was the best
cool video but why do you look like pedro pascal
I fucked with the truth or dare shit fr
I was wondering where their advertising was gone to. After I left school I didn't see them anymore xD
I remember this gum for the packaging. I was in my 40's and it attracted my attention. I hadn't seen the commercials I just liked the design of the product. You are clever and I hope you make a lot more videos. Great video. Subbed.
i used to work at a computer store and i actually got to try all of the respawn flavors and they were actually pretty good, but ultimately it was just a piece of caffeinated gum (which exist and were widely available at the time so not really pioneers on that front ) that was more expensive and never actually got sold and also didn't tell you how much caffeine you were ingesting (pretty important if you dent want to die of a heart attack randomly whil4e chewing gum which may not matter to all but enough people could be harmed that i think it probably should be regulated)
To be fair... 5 Gum is kind of doing what most of the people on the internet are doing; pretending they have ADHD so they can be, "lol random X3", or fake having some mental illness, so... they're kind of nailing it, lmao!
10:50 literally the height of hubris to think they are outselling the things that actually give one an "experience." "Hurdur, don't play games, sit there and chew our gum, instead." Lmfaooo
Honestly, I'd chew gum while playing games. Admittedly, it's not something I do regularly, but if I have gum in my mouth while I'm playing, say, DRG? Sure, don't see why not. And about the discord thing, if ur not chewing gum like a cow with ur mouth open, nobody should notice. If someone does notice, then I'd be surprised
Try mountain dew ads you lying cheap youtuber
How it chews to feel 5 gum.  Gum gum. Sense your stimulate.
This was my fave chewing gum back in HS, it was pretty intense and lasted for hourssss, I was also 14 when it came out so, they got me. xD
Joe Bareta spotted 7:45
I can remember watching some of the earlier 5 gun commercials and then being so excited when I finally got to try some for myself
They would probably do better if they just ripped one of the memes, and posted a video of an indian man getting wrapped around some sort of steelworking machine like a piece of string cheese with the "how it feels to chew 5 gum" slogan...
For the longest time I thought it is condom brand: the artwork, color, description same as those condom packaging. 🤣
lol this guy seriously won't stop talking about gum from 2007.  Man youtube is the dumbest thing in the history of the world.  He look like a lil 16 year old boy.  He's going to explain business and the history of the year 2007 to you (as if he can remember it)
this vid is by far the best ad for 5 Gum in recent history. i now want to buy 5 Gum… for nostalgia
Peels color off wrapper and sticks to notebook instead of paying attention to the teacher
this could have been a 5 to 8 minute video. do better x
👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿
I stopped eating chewing gum and many other sweets as soon as they replaced sugar with sweetener. Same goes for carbonated drinks + certain juices. Sweetener is both bad for you (worse than sugar) and to me it tastes disgusting.
I love how the biggest move of desperation a company can do is pander to gamers. I haven’t given it thought but there’s a lot of truth to that.
The commercials worked back in the day. I was a big fan of them and really liked how unique they were.
I actually really like the Respawn gum. It's sad you can't find it anywhere.
As I was on a business trip to the US in 2019, I decided to buy a 5 gum because it was a meme, and indeed it was: on the back of the pack, I found a typo: Wrigley's [something] COMAPNY. Get it? COMAPNY.
you look like if pedro pascal had a child with timothee chalamet
Pedro Pascal? It's that you?
i haven't even really had any gum since, maybe 2015.... that pomegranate watermelon honestly sounds great, and i'm now saw to hear a product from 4 years ago i learned of today never even existed. so thanks for that information, really weird how i just missed basically all their ads past "stimulate your senses"
They could have made the "gamer 5 gum" caffeinated, that way it could be justified to "improve performance".
If 5 Gum spices their gum with cocaine maybe I will give it a try.
They could've just done normal ads that have to do with our day to day lives...
Why is dollar store pedro pascal telling me about chewing gum?
I was not expecting the Swampletics poster. Based as fuck
I just wanna say that my mom gives her students packs of gum because it helps with focus. Not just their fancy gum, any gum. The act of chewing stimulates the brain or something.
Does anyone else remember different numbers of the gum?
? 5 gum was an awesome product launch and still a great gum. It's like a premium gum.
Hey! I chew gum while playing video games! Not while in voice chat, and not JUST because I'm gaming, but still.   Also you greatly exaggerated what chewing gum sounds like.
I tried 5 once and didn't get the (fake) hype at all. It was just confusing and weird. I know it mostly as an internet meme
What happened to Pedro Pascal? Looks skinnier!
How it chews to feel 5 gum
Remember when middle schoolers collected gum flavors instead of vape flavors? Pepper ridge farms remembers…
low T Pedro Pascal?
I haven't watched TV/commercials in over a decade and I still remember the initial commercials like it was yesterday and remember "This is how it feels to chew 5 gum". I had no idea that they completely changed their marketing strategy in 2015.
6:31 you're welcome
I had never heard of 5 gum prior to watching this video. I hate you because now I've heard of it.
Finally Eric Forman made a YT channel!
16:12 That's part of the "energy mix" that's in just about every energy drink. And I can say that, at least in my personal experience, energy drinks work better than a cup of coffee when it comes to helping me focus(I repeat, I have major league ADHD), so the B-vitamins at least are contributing something(going off of them being the most consistent additive for energy drinks from my observations).
16:50 I mean I sure do, but I chew gum all the damn time. ADHD makes me fidgety, gum helps.
seeing "5 gum chewed by yungblud" made me want to actively avoid 5 gum at all costs tbh
I remember the black gum~ 😂
"Chew yer gum!" -Mel Brooks (spaceballs)
I look at gum these days as somehow less valuable than junk food, it's more fleeting, more temporary, and almost all it's flavors can be found in some form of a bag of candy. Usually overpriced, and contained in way too much packaging.
this was so good, thank you. funny and constructive. you just earned a subscriber
I actually chew gum while gaming very often since it's a pleasent way to avoid too much snacking, but I spit it out if I hop in a discord, so yeah, the millage varies per person and per activity lol
you do realize this is a corporation, and corporations make people like you and me disappear
Trident gang represent 😂
i think rebranding to gamer gum was actually genuis, they should have done it sooner. their og image was so lame and edgy and i love that hokey crap
Why do you exactly Look like Pedro Pascal?
You sound like Yumulak from Solar Opposites
I honestly thought these were condoms...
how it feels to chew 5 gum: be able to get drunk from sniffing beer.
gum fucking sucks. they should put crack cocaine or methamphetamine in it and maybe it can get popular
the hell u mean i love 5gum melon
16:45 Like the video but this is a bad take, every "gamer" clan I've been in you've always got someone vaping or drinking or smoking while playing so gum isn't really that far off. Even in competitive lobbies you'll hear "CUFFFFFFFFGGHHHHHHHHH" followed by *comically deep voice* "They're pushing B"
Here I am at 2AM, watching a documentary about gum
My greatest regret which I will take to the grave is never learning how to bounce around on a giant speaker covered in ferrofluid.  Don't be like me, start learning how to bounce around on a giant speaker covered in ferrofluid early, then you can enjoy bouncing around on a giant speaker covered in ferrofluid like I never got to.  Stimulate your senses.
Worked for a retailer at the time. I remember this crap. I think I even tried it once. The stuff was trying WAY too hard. Every lameass "cool guy" marketing idea jammed into one product.
I love crass content
That one guy who said "Why dont we just make mints?" is laughing rn
Holy Pedro Pascal you two look like twins
Is that pedro pascal?
Shame you never mentioned The Nightjar in the video! It was an honestly pretty unique iPhone game they released in 2011 that relied entirely on audio; there were no graphics to help you navigate. A sci-fi horror game that restricted the senses you could rely on to play it, I thought it was pretty fun, and it actually tied in pretty well to the original marketing aesthetic.
Tbh, the packaging alone made me buy a few of them.
I have autism and never understood these ads for that reason, and was never much of a gum chewer, but by God, did those ads still make me notice and want 5 gum. It reached for me at the supermarket. It caught my eye at the convenience store. I was so excited to get some pocket money and buy some for the first time. The ads confused the hell out of me, on a level so deep, and yet, I still suddenly found myself caring about, and finding gum cool and alluring
I never saw the original 5 gum ads but now I really want to try 5 gum because of those ads
I literally have never heard of 5 Gum until this video
dont know why but i still keep buying 5 gum
I practically chew gum 24/7, but I try to spit my gum out when I play with friends. It’s harder to make callouts and the smacking is annoying.
I know a reason: chewing gum. The act is decades of causing jaw issues down the road.
If they never changed their ads from when they started making it I'd probably buy it
Stuff like this reminds me why court jesters and entertainment as a whole was considered low class and unworthy of respect
the reason it failed wasnt just cause there were other options, it was also because you bought it once to see how it tasted cause the commercials hyped it up so much, and then it was mediocre and then you prob never bought it again. honestly making it 5 calories was a huge mistake they should have focused on making flavors as extreme as possible to hook kids cause thats what their marketing was going for.
I hate youtube essayist.
Gum died for me as they moved from stripes to dragees in germany... It didn't help that wirgley discontinued my favorite flavors first, too(RIP cinnamon gum).
watching this while having two packets of 5 gum in my room, and taking a stick of gum and chewing it
How it feels to 5 Gum gum Chew chew Senses your stimulate
You just chew gum wrong, who dafuq chews like a child
Unless it has actual pure cocaine in it, that respawn gum ain't improving shit.
im not an american so i only knew the gum from memes
was the pornstache really necessary
5 gum was sick fire. My dad would get it all the time once the ads were everywhere. Its still his go to to this day, he gets the multipacks and i steal the green ones😂
I always thought 5gum was marketed for people on MDMA
nah
Wait a whole video about this but not even one meme?
the fact that this video is making me want to chew 5 gum says a lot
This was my favourite gum in Secondary school (British high school) Rain was my favourite flavour.
I love finding videos that are better than I expect. 🤘🏽
How it 5s to chew feel gum will always be the most iconic line in the gum industry
Honestly, i agree with 99% of what you said. BUT if that discord vc is how you chew chewing gum, we can never be friends.
those commercials were obnoxious tho
No regrets is basically a “The real cost”
Sorry but advertising relying on telling people they are helpless idiots who can't complete simple tasks is BS. So thumbs down and I am out.
your point on the smacking lips together is huge exaggeration imo
I remember when YouTube was full of those "How it feels to chew 5 gum" memes
Unironically the best ending of any YT video ever.
As a kid, I thought those were condoms...
Jaja gamer soap
I mean something similar to that truth or dare thing could've worked. Here in Turkey we have "fortune gum". It's just a regular gum but it has a little fortune teller poem written inside its package. I love reading them even if they are super cheesy. There used to be another gum called "Tipitip". It had a big nosed mascot and you would get a 4 panel comic with him inside the package. Personally, I would love it if a gum company just puts shitty jokes inside their gums' package.  Truth or dare is on another level though. I saw friendships end due to that game lol.
I for sure bought way too much fcking 5 gum because of those commercials and the package looking sleek and black. You pop it out in recess and sharong with the shawties
The "How it feels to chew 5 gum" commercials were iconic but it never actually convinced me to try it for some reason  That or I just forgot I tried it because it's gum and gum flavors do not exactly form strong memories
Bro doubted VITAMINS???? Bugman moment.
You can't hang a picture? Shave off that mustache. You fraud.
I only really chew gum after I have lunch up on campus and want to refresh my breath after eating a whole raw onion and drinking sparkling salmon water.
4:42 Filming and editing this must be the moment where you question your life choices. But I then you look at the views, shrug and think "could have been worse".
YOOOOO WE BE GETTING POSSESED BY MATPAT WITH THIS ONE🗣🗣🔥🔥
Love the gum ads on this video
Minecraft damage sound when jumping into volcano is comedy gold
They need to switch their branding to revolutionaries taking down corpos with 5 gum. You may trick a few zoomers!
Okay as far as the discord call goes, who actually smacks their fucking gum? I know everyone had the teachers who never wanted gum but you wanted it in the back of class so you learned to chew it silently, even tucking it in your cheek before speaking so you didn’t get caught.
Never seen any of this but the original commercials... like i dont really see ads anywhere anymore.
this is so weird to me. i started buying 5 gum because it was cheaper per ounce than those bubble-packed orbit and trident gums. it isn’t covered in a candy shell that is made out of not-gum and which dissolves instantly. its a sugar free gum that is relatively cheap per piece and tastes good. why don’t they market it like that? i don’t see the actual issue here lol
I have never bought a breath mint in my life.
5 gum lush was my favorite as a 14 year old. 💀
the original ads worked I felt like the coolest kid whenever my mum let me buy a pack
They had it right the first time. The early five gum commercials are literally the only gum/candy commercials I remember. They had that 2k spike tv energy big time but they were sick.   5 and stride were the Only gums that were circulating my school at the time. And stride was only cool because of the controversy of chewing the wrapper, that was a big debate amongst my class mates.
I game with a beer, fuck reaction time
@17:31 had me rolling!  Well done
Definitely think you could chew gum while playing video games if you don't chew like a cow😂
pedro pascal? :O
Funny enough I was swinging through Harlem in spider man web of shadows on Wii (I know it’s a deep cut) and low and behold 5 gum ads plastered on the billboards 😂
BlackRock and WEF Corporate Credit score has happened, in short. :)
“How it feels to completely annihilate your brand image”
LMAO we do raids server on discord 😂
It just occurred to me that you rarely see 5 Gum commercials anymore.
I always thought it was the ‘simulate your senses’ thing. Wasn’t aware they already changed it.
The decline of smoking follows gum sales pretty closely. I wonder why... :)
Gamers love being pandered to?! Who would've thought! 😂  Honestly though I am all for gum being pushed out of relevance by mints/breath fresheners. Gum is fkn gross. Its gross to hear anyone chewing it and its gross when people don't throw it in a bin and its just stuck somewhere waiting for unexpecting victims to sit or tread on it. Can the world please follow Singapore's lead and just ban gum?
How was that saying? Don't fix something that a'int broken?
"Gum 5. Mmm, gum gum."
5 gum was alright, buy my fat ass was to busy eating (yes eating) grape bubble tape every chance I could when I could get gum.
Wtf Pedro
In 2007-2008.....it was THE GUM to have in school, if you had it in middle school, it gave you cred....like that episode about the Cred drink on Southpark
None of the marketing makes me want to buy the gum. I buy the gum because the flavor lasts forever. You will get tired of chewing before the flavor goes away. Wrigley's other gum flavors do not last remotely as long as 5 gum. I do not understand why they never made any of their other gum flavors last as long.
Green tea extract = caffeine buddy..
"Life happens is 5" is straight female energy.
I had a pack of Respawn, we sold it at the Gamestop I worked at. It tasted fine I guess, and it had no noticeable effect
When I first heard the phrase "how it feels to chew five gum", I just assumed it was referring to the experience of chewing five pieces of regular gum at once. Then when I found out Five was a brand, I thought it was so named because one piece of Five gum tasted as strong as five pieces of regular gum.  I still don't know how it feels to chew five gum or chew Five gum...
This was a better ad then what 5 gum could make.
"Life happens in 5"  That's 4 words.  It was doomed from the start.
To this day im still trying to find the 5-gum video where it cut to a .. uh.. nice lady bound to an apparatus attached to the hood of a car speeding down a highway, while a rather phallic object slid in and out of the lady repeatedly. If anyone knows where i can find this video. Its a core memory i need back.
I think this needs to be a new trend. Every time you are in a picture just grab the closest thing you can find with a brand logo on it and hold like you are sponsored by them 😂😂
Here in Europe it kinda disappeared before it even started with those out of place ads.  I remember as a kid it was my favorite gum ever. All the different and unique flavors, the fact you could bite the half of the gum and save the rest for later... And yes, those early ads are deeply ingrained into our culture haha
All i can say is, when it came out. I wanted it. Badly.
5 and trident layers had me in a chokehold
Dont forget in the peak of dank memes that 5 Gum used to be one of the best memes out there.  How it feels to chew 5 Gum. *Insert ridiculous clip with the perfect cut off* New 5 Gum, stimulate your senses.
Some of my favorite memes / vines were the 5gum spoof commercials. Especially that cocaine one!
why is pedro pascal talking to me about 5 gum 😫
why does he look like young Pedro Pascal?
5 gum needs to add 300mg of caffiene and 10mg of nicotine per stick
New to the channel. Had no idea Pedro Pascal has a YT
5 gum has been my go to gum since 2007. Wintermint is literally the best mint gum ive ever had.   Was immediately sold from the commercials alone as a middleschooler.   Had no idea they changed their commercials over the years, since i havent had cable since 2013. Been seeing their packaging change over the years though, just assumed it was desperate attempts to try to stay relevant.   Nobody i know chews gum but me anymore, so i guess their advertising failed.
Being in middle school during the 5 Gum and Axe body spray era… what a time
At-least it stimulates your senses.
Chewing gum while gaming is fine if your solo. I personallu just forget to stop so i chew gum for hours until my jaw hurts. So I don't really do it.
The gym chewing near the end was rage inducing!
The Mandalorian exploring the lore of The 5 Gum Gods? Nice
I worked at gamestop and bought some of the gum and the drinks, did not expect to be put on blast for buying it lol
ur editing is sus
I've only ever seen Respawn at gamestop
I definitely want some Cobalt today
Till this video, i completly forgot that gum existed, let aline is a multi million dollar induatry
People don't chew gum with their mouth open so
The biggest issue with five is their change in packaging... I remember 2012-2016 packaging was kinda of a banger. 10 sticks, fit in your pocket.  Then they tried the chunky half sticks which was annoying because it fell apart in your pocket and the sticks felt like you needed 1.5 of them, and now they make small square gums in chunky plastic box thats extremely not pocket-friendly.
I must admit, I really liked the packaging.
The "how it feels to chew 5gum" meme really carried the. Product
ooo the ending gave me chills. what a great video
Omg I remember how much people bought 5 gum when I was in jr high school lmao it really was like the cool gum to buy the ads literally worked 🥴
5 gum was the rage in middle school.  The ads worked!
Always thought the ads were cringe af 😂
Its so interesting that ads take a huge part in what the average american (maybe canadian too?) Buy, i dont think ive ever seen an ad for a gum product in my country, they are just there, you choose one and you are good to go. There is no need for a trailer like ad for gum.
16:50 I do, just not on voice coms focused games because I'm not about to chew with open mic... that'd be disgusting
Honestly I really like 5 Gums Strawberry Flood flavor but it’s honestly getting more and more impossible to find… 😭
To quote Geoffrey Holder, "Never had it, never will.".
First time watching, first time seeing ur face and I thought it was Pedro pascal
Where did you get the soundbite of you jumping into the volcano from??
Not sure why this popped up in my feed. Not the target 😂 55+. Nice mustache tho. You look adult. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
The perfect gum commercial for me would be someone pulling the pack out because of bad breath and then everyone proceeding to ask for some 🤣
I miss 5 gum
Tell me why I should listen to Pedro Pascal on this matter? Get back to acting, you hack!
Don' even forget about taste, my god theyre flavored so strongly, it's wonderful. Despite the branding its not bad, some of the flavors are actually damn decent
the whole talk of "innovative marketing" is so stupid. capitalism is so dumb.
Why is mandalorian talking about gum?
the no regrets ad campaign is bizarre
Thank you Pedro pascal
I mean in single player games ya i chew gum.
Stimulate your senses.sorry it seems those wild ass ads did something to me although they were kinda cool.
To be honest the fruit citrus flavor was my favorite
lol five gum ads are so lame. Alpha bro bullsh!t
ive never bought the gum. it always looked like a joke.
Chewing gum can also help with focus if you have adhd. I'm prone to fidgeting, and it can distract me when im trying to work with my hands. They arent wrong abt that.
How it Feels to Bankrupt 5 Gum
Hubba bubba really is for babies because that shit is so trash
This reminded me of the Stonetoss meme "Are you sure this will help us sell more burgers?"  It makes sense that after your food product becomes well known you want to go beyond "it tastes good" and offer more value, like a lifestyle, a statement or something. Besides those early campaigns might have been crazy expensive.  I'm not into marketing but it's an interesting case. Maybe it was a matter of coherence, or maybe they rooted so hard on the senses thing that deviating from that got inevitably awkward.
I'm surprised they aren't tapping into the "nostalgia" factor to sell this gum.   So many people including myself saw the video and thought "oh man 5 Gum? I forgot that was a thing". But we remember those goofy ads that stimulate your senses.
Before I could understand English when I was little, I have always thought the packaging of 5 gum are for condom 😂. Idk why, but it’s probably because of the minimalist, adult, edgy design.
When I first saw the pack in 7 Eleven, I thought it was a new brand of condoms 🤷‍♂️
In Austria they switched the whole thing up and sold dragees instead of stripes, horrible. Fun fact: A pack of 5 gum can be seen in the GH3 setlist screen, so they kinda tied into gaming way back 😅
These new ads hurt to conceive, even to just percieve it harms the feeling. The one directing the ad really affect the ads alone, it's just few people working in it. Maybe few visual effect designers remain but I suspect the one making ads to be just conpletely different fir those eras.
Bad slogans don't always mean failure. When Chrysler came up with, "In the car business you either lead, follow, or get out of the way." the clear implication was, Chrysler would be a leader. Still, I really wanted to ask Lee Iacocca to define Dodge.      But you can't argue with what Lee did with Chrysler.
The only thing I remembered of 5 Gum was the vine of some guy running through a wooden door and then it cuts to “How it feels to chew 5 Gum”
2:55 Really, you got a Llama for your mama?
On god if they brought back the solstice flavor I'd be so happy
Let's be real though a lot of gum company had faced significant drop in sales. Chewing gum used to be a symbol of adolescence, it's just kids nowadays switches to vapes.
Why does bro look like pedro pascal
Your editing is so good iforgot I don't even give a crap about chewing gum
I think they where all pretty good and the tast last for alot longuer then most gum. I remember seeing new comercial from them and be like gotta try this one. Pink was a favorit
I had no idea gum wasn't popular anymore lol
17:33 that's why the made push-to-talk
5 senses?  How do you “hear” gum?
One of the few products I've bought because of the commercial.
Honestly i didnt even know they changed their marketing. I just stopped buying them cuz the packages always fall apart after a couple hours in pocket into a ball of mush
This is a 20 minute video about gum.
I specifically chew gum when playing fps games cause it helps me focus
They better quit screwing around and bring back Dr. Pepper flavor gum
Feels like the ending to a good movie
This dude reminds me of old Idubzzz
Bro chewing gum when playing is anoying? Imaging eating doritos, that surely makes no ugly noise
As a kid I remember loving 5 gum 😂  it was stronger and better tasting than other brands . Cool packaging too 😂
stopped buying 5 gum when they discontinued my favorite flavor... solstice... if anyone knows any dupes for this flavor, please let me know i've been searching for years without success
It would be so easy to simply market gum by tying it into an aesthetic because gen z puts a lot of pressure on sticking to an aesthetic and making it a part of your identity to make you iconic.
these were some of the coolest commercials that came on to little 6-7 year old me. Man I miss the early 2000s
If they went back to the og commercials there sales would definitely skyrocket
This video in itself serves as pretty good advertisement
12:56 well yeah I mean its not even that its out of place its that you know its not genuine. They just want you to buy their product. "oh you care about social issues? What a coincidence so do we! See kids? Now buy our product."  Like no...
If nobody has done something before, there might just be a good reason.
Gum is gum. I gave them my money simply because they were SO much more interesting. 🤷🏼‍♂️🙂
Fuckin thought you were Pedro Pascal
The gum was actually good. Beat the shit out of trident.
It seems like they never heard the old phrase, "If it ain't broke, don't fix it." It's so stupid and annoying when brands change just for the sake of changing for seemingly no reason.
How it chews to feel 5 gum.
5 GUM IS A WRIGLEYS PRODUCT?!?
they could make a psychedelic 5 gum, like with a little bit of LSD, that would be sick, microdosing while chewing gum
Leaving that unmentioned until your final line is a true work of art
No joke. With the narrator's voice and all the memes, i actually thought 5gums is a condom brand.
The Taste and Smell of Gamer Gum... Salty Almonds... 🤢🤮
Back in HS, this and Stride was everyone’s gum. One piece of stride had enough flavor for an entire period, but 5 had more flavor per stick.
There used to be a reddit called how it feels to chew 5 gum ... And most of the videos were people dying or getting seriously injured... Maybe that's why they wanted the rebrand 😂... Please 5 gum bring it back .. the reddit is gone now... Please 🙏
Pedro pascal, what are you doing here?
Ads go at the beginning of the videos not after 5 mins so thar it counts as a view fuck youtubers scummy shit
I'm not a big gum chewer but when i but a pack i usually get 5 gum, i guess all those advertising campaigns stuck haha
I hated kids in high school that stank of the cobalt flavour because they ate it the whole day.
5 gum. Stimulate your ferrets
the noregrets campaign honestly makes me feel like it's saying "Michael here never got to become a ceo because no company would hire a black man when he was in his prime. If he had chewed our gum he would have had a chance, but oh well! His loss!!"
nice video but you need to lose the pedro pascal mustache... dont need to see your face every 5 seconds either
"green tea extract" so caffeine. its just caffeine gum lol
17:00 umm, but before the whole ads thing, who would assosiate chips and eat them while gaming? It's impactical and just as imposed as the 5gum and gfuel, lol.
hey great editing, i just started learning how to edit videos and i was wondering what you used to edit? i really like the style and think its really good!
14-25 year old sounds like they all agree halo slaps harder then will Smith hit crist rock
I feel like the Razer segment is a bit misleading as all of those products mentioned are limited product runs or collaborations with another company that want to leverage their branding, their main product category has and always has been gaming hardware.
No but those commercials were 100% accurate. That is what they tasted like. I was downing Rain during my 8th grade class's trip to San Francisco and since then have barely touched it to preserve that nostalgia.
i came here for the 5 gum memes, i stayed when i saw the mini pedro pascal.
I genuinely wanted to dislike the video after the discord chewing. I get it. It's a bit. I was entertained for a long time up to that point. I can't stand that noise on the deepest level possible and wanted the video gone after that.
Growing up they had me sold until I graduated high school
When you order Pedro Pascal from wish
Gum is gum. Ice Cubes gum, no relation to Ice Cube, is good for taking beer off your breath. It won't save you from the breathalyzer though. I don't chew gum much anymore, on account of I don't have very many teeth left. I never chewed any 5 gum. I used to chew Doublemint, or Big Red, and when I was a kid I used to chew Bubble Yum. But all those had actual sugar, not all this artificial garbage. I steer clear of aspartame and saccharine and splenda and all that other fake stuff.
4:03 they say there is no such thing as a dumb question... but there is a description of the flavor ON the box you showed 😂 maybe THATS how you would imagine the flavor..😂
The desperation was the only thing extreme! When you try that hard you know you suck.
The truth or dare thing was tacky but way better than the regrets campaign that just didn't make sense
As someone that likes gum and chews it semi often, anyone that chews gum loud is A-mental or B-an asshole
I chew gum while lifting, fishing, gaming, driving its next to zero calories and helps me use less tobacco so idk why you're such a hater
i forgot people interact with each other while playing some games. my antisocial ass never plays those kinds
We still sell strawberry flood it’s one of my favorites
I have never in my life used a nail to hang up a picture just use the thumbtack 😮
Wow I didn't even know the slogan changed from stimulate your senses. Says a lot about how famous that slogan was. Either that or I'm just out of touch lol
How I feels to chew 5 gum Stimulate your prostate
Wow you look like a young Pedro Pascal!
Am I the only one who always chews gum while gaming?
Jesus Christ, the bit at 17:15 is so bad it made me click off the video
You look just like the cop from narcos 😂
Bro do video about Razor. But don't know why that Respawn gum packaging looks like a condom packaging
14:05  TBH the packaging always said “gamer”. It just has that style of a razor product or something. GAMER GUM  Edit: Damn I was just joking about it being a razor product
Probably would have kept buying it if they hasn't discontinued my favorite flavor of gum ever
First video of yours I've seen, enjoyed it, will come back 👍🏻
I really think they could've saved themselves if they leaned into the outlandish intensity with kinofabino-esque ads
To this day i wanna lay on like a million ball bearing over a very large subwoffer n fell the vibrations..that ad campaign went hard asfff
The only gum I've ever bought
chewing gum is proven to reduce stress. So the fact that 5 gum helps focus isnt a lie,....... its just that any gum would do that.
I'm literally chewing gum while playing a video game on one monitor and watcing this video on another lol
Hence why I don’t entertain advertisements and control my media.
Dog I'm not even 10 seconds in, you look exactly like Pedro Pascal
5 used to have one of the longest lasting spearmint flavors which is all I wanted at the time. I couldn't realize tell you when it just didn't scratch that itch but it just didn't seem to hold the flavor as long after a while.
Oooh, a random video the algorithm feeds me that I had a bit of a connection to, in a way.  "Life happens in 5"...  That's like...  How long a stick of it lasted anyways, and became a running joke we ran into on the street team during the pre-launch campaign.  As someone who was part of the street crew doing the initial launch of 5 Gum in four select cities in Canada, there definitely was a LOT of initial catering to the hype engine.  We're talking Halo 2 levels of hype, but dialed up even more, and way more disappointing.  For the first two months, the goal was to basically get it's image tied with places that were considered edgy - namely skate shops, as if they were trying to target that demographic (and those at Hot Topic, but we didn't have such in Canada at the time).  Effectively, we worked with the shops to have it as something they could offer to a perk to customers as freebies with their purchases, and a number of companies absolutely loved it (hey, free merch?  Who doesn't want free extra things at a place you were going to spend money at anyways?)  There was also the street level team, which focused more on giving out packets that were arguably three quarters waste to anyone on the street who was even remotely curious.  It had a website on the package, a pair of 3d super cheap branded glasses, but the only thing people really cared about was the stick of gum within the package.  This campaign focused specifically on the "popular clubbing areas", so was pretty much Thurs/Fri/Sat.  By the second week, the street team would actively be approached by people, but the biggest question we had wasn't what the glasses were for, but what flavours we had with us.  It's been too long and I can't remember if it was Flare or Cobalt that were the two launch ones - all I remember is having to figure out what to do with something like fifty cases of gum once the promo was done, and ten cases of the promo single stick ones.  Oh yeah, and how reception would change from people as to which flavour we had on us.  We very quickly started focusing on one flavour over the other depending on the areas we were in (one area preferred Cobalt, the other Flare).  They even had a tie-in event with some big name dj's at the time for some big event, but stupidly told the street promo the wrong location, so we spent EIGHT WEEKS telling people it was one thing, while the promo team for the event was referencing the actual, and once posters went up we were all "uh, hey Wrigley, where is this actually being held?  Yeah, it's in the same area, but many have a MASSIVE beef with the club you've told us it's at".  So the last week and a half of the promo we were scrambling to try and get correct information out.  Anyways, day of event comes out, and it was a good event, but the best comment we wound up getting back from staff?  "It's nice that everyone has fresh breath", and while we had packed enough gum to practically keep an entire army stocked (or so it felt, I was literally shipped fifty bulk cases literally for the event), it didn't take long for literally everyone to wind up having gum.  Also, like yeah, let's target teenagers, and stores teens shop at, but then hold the launch event at an 18+ joint.  We got so much feedback that was disappointed because they wanted to see the djs involved, but they were underaged.  Cringiest part of it all though?  We as a street team we were supposed to take "edgy" photos of people enjoying the gum, and it was just so difficult to do for most of our team.  Sure, some people did participate, but the biggest issue with all of it was we were literally bugging people on the street trying to push a product, and the only real effective tactic that was working with the average person was going with a quick five second contact approach (one team member literally would just ask "Hey, want some free gum?" and offer a package).  Oh yeah, for some reason they felt the best way for the street promo team to be doing all of this was in deep cut v-neck shirts too.  Yup, even the guys.  They were VERY comfortable shirts, but man that cut was just so weird for the two guys involved, and I felt bad for the women (who very quickly asked if they could wear clothing close enough, to which I was more than happy to oblige, because I'm not kidding about how deep that cut was on the v neck - we're talking a decent amount of cleavage wound up showing).  Paid well though, but it quickly taught me that yeah, live marketing is a weird culture, and I said screw it, and went back to working in warehouses.  Those commercials were pretty epic when they came out though.  Not as epic as Canada's "crisis identity" ones (Why be you, when you can be me), but still.  They had a nice twist to things for the mid to late 2000's.  They sure faded to obscurity in really short order around here though, seemingly dying out after just a few years.  Was kind of amazed to hear they still technically exist, even if just as a token thing with the most ragged on green branded company out there.
So this is just Pedro Pascal's youtube channel, got it
Lmao they made gum ads woke
gum chewing is disgusting, that why its not popular
18:00 where the gaming angle is dogshit I do have to say I chew gum while playing games so I don’t grind my teeth since it’s a better alternative.
17:43 *tis gum* 🤣
just went through like 5 comments AND NO ONE MENTIONED THE WET HAIR WHILE RIDING AND ELECTRIC EEL THROUGH A WAVE
Pedro Pascal at home:
I could unfriend someone and never talk to them again if they called me while chewing gum like that.
its called the importance of advertising. I bet that with each change in marketing, it was a new middle manager taking over and trying to do their own spin on a product.
I mean I've chewed gum while gaming but im usually playing by myself when I do that lol
It's not so hard to make a gum commercial. Instead of marketing to teens, they can efficiently market to adults. Have an office worker with stinky onion breath after a lunch meeting trying to find gum until a coworker offers them their product. That's relatable and not a situation I was in.
17:27 legit wanted to pull of my headphones it was so unpleasant smhhhhhh
I just got a five gum advert!
Dude went from looking like Orlando Bloom to Pedro Pascal.
“Stimulate your Senses “ just Great atuff
I remember having 5 in school. It didn't make me any cooler. I want a refund.
Honestly I feel its the price. No ones gonna buy a 5 pack of gum for $4 when you can buy a double cheeseburger and fries at mcdonalds for $3. Back when gum was a buck, It would be more reasonable to spend that on food that does nothing but give you cavities.
Dude, those ads have better vfx than most of the shit on tv and many hollywood movies today. Wtf.
Damn I forgot all about gum lol
The fact that it’s still the only brand I buy to this day…
Another prime example of how CEOs have no actual idea what the fuck the "Youths" like. They have a household MEME already. Companies wish they had that kind of clout
Man I’m so glad I found this channel this dude is funny as heck man and so true about 5 gums down fall when I was a kid and watching those 5 gum commercials and how intense they were man it got me I couldn’t stop begging my mom for 5 gum 😂
Master Chief makes Doritos taste better.
Those commercials were crazy.
Still can't believe I wasted my school money on that stuff when i could've gotten pringles instead..
That ball bearing 5 gum commercial sent 10 yo me on an internet rabbit hole that led to me discovering gay 🌽 so let’s celebrate that 🎉
I sometimes chew gum while playing games or while working...not often but on a rare occasion
I cant lie this vid making me want to get some 5gum those old ads really worked
Dude I chew gum all the time while gaming...  While all of the ridiculous corporate advertising gimmick BS you talked about is exceedingly obnoxious and eyeroll inducing as usual, you're hyperbolic and exaggerated gum chewing ASMR bit was equally as insufferable if not more so...  No one actually chews gum like that unless they're six years old or mentally disabled...  In any case Hubba Bubba and Bubble Yum are both delicious, and if I'm chewing gum it's definitely not '5-Gum' but almost always 'Big League Chew' because I am an absolute fucking man-child, but at least I do it with my mouth closed like a normal human being and I don't smack my giant stupid-ass lips like a totally uncivilized troglodyte.
So Wrigley, a gum monopoly, faced competition and fell out immediately
solstice is still the only good gum flavor i wish they would bring it back
Very interesting stuff lol.
Just found out Pedro pascals little bro has a yt channel
I remember 5 gum but I don't know where it went. It just kinda disappeared
Amazing. I have never seen or heard of this product IRL nor afaik seen any advertising for it.
I feel like they HAD to change their strategy at some point because eventually everyone realized that 5 gum just tasted like gum and that it wasn’t some “sense-tingling” miracle. So once the product lost its novelty, they had to find another selling angle.
You look like a sickly Pedro Pascal
I don't know, I feel like a lot of brands at the time were doing similarly exaggerated commercials. Don't think it was something unique to 5 Gum.
I had no idea Pedro Pascal had such an entertaining youtube presence!
Imagine how funny it would be if they just took all of those memes of painful videos with “how it feels to chew 5 gum” and turned those into actual marketing material. It’d probably explode again lol
Cobalt was all I chewed in middle/high school💀
Hubba Bubba and Bubble Yum are my favorites, flavors like bubble, cotten candy, and water melon are the best!
I worked at gamestop when respawn came out and I don't think we ever sold  more than maybe a box every couple months.. we had about 10 full unopened boxes actually expire, it was wild
5 gum is cool 😎
I liked the watermelon flavour. No idea what the hell the brand name was for it but the packet was fancy and fit nicely in my purse.
5 gum still slaps tho
I got 5 on it
The No Regrets ad may have been trying to appeal to a middle age audience. That is the only way it could make any sense
how it feels to destroy a brand image
Started with Avatar moved into this one time to binge watch ⌚
I remember those commercials from the mid-2000s, they made it look as if the gum was an Xbox product
How it feels to chew 5 gum is my favorite meme account on instagram.
4:44 I know them sox stink 🤧
Ahhh, 5 gum... i remember back in 5th grade when i would turn the wrapers into "Rupees" from zelda and traded them around in school
Shit i remember when 5 gum dropped.  i'd always get Rain lmao
You just had to be there, some axe body spray, a pack of 5 gum & a Hollister tee was all you needed to feel confident as a young man
Bro 6:30 fame is wild as hell for no reason😂
This video just made me want to get some 5 Gum
Pedro Pascal chews 5 Flare.
I can tell you rn when this dropped I was in middle school. If you had one of these packs regardless whatever flavor it was, 1. You were immediately the most popular kid in school (at least until you ran out) and 2.  9 times out of 10 you bagged the hottest girl in school... Again until you ran out.
5 gum could of been a gaming console
you seriously make the best videos. I wish we were friends in real life. you're so relatable.
How do you only have 124k subs ?????? Videos are top quality dawg 💪🏾‼️🚀
"What's even going on? Who's funding this?" 😂😂😂
AAAH, those stache.... Nice !!!
13:56 would you say they made…. desperate acts of capitalism
Substitute 5 gum from the ads with heroin in  gif form someone take this idea for their insta meme page itd be hilarious
When I was younger I had no idea what 5 Gum even was since I don't care much for gum in general, so when I started seeing all the 'how it feels to chew 5 gum' memes back when that was a thing I thought it was a joke about chewing 5 pieces of gum at once. Even now I still think that's the funnier interpretation.
I stopped chewing gum since they started putting Aspartame in everything  What started off as an alternative to sugar, only found in 'sugar-free' gums, like trident, now its in any and everything related to chewing,  bleh,  keep your toxic trash
You need more subs, awesome production +1 from me
I remember the truth or dare gum from middle school! We thought it was so fun lmao
"How it feels to chew 5 gum:"  (Slams door on finger) "Stimulate your senses"
Yt has blessed me
Wait these aren't 5-packs of condoms? I totally thought these were condoms with 5 hinting a shape of penis.
Sometimes you just get it oh so right the first time…..
Tbh i remember when 5 gun promoted the marvels avengers game for ps4 and ps5 where theyd have special boxes with the heroes on and packs with afew characters each. On each pack was a code that gave you ingame resources and even one gum emote for ms marvel, you get the emote anyway since everything became free and available with the second to last update but its interesting how they tried it
All i can say is, “fuck em”
5 truth or dare could’ve been cool if they were extreme and crazy dares “SPRINT AT A PREGNANT WOMAN!” 😂
Never tried it because it always seemed so cringe and was too much of a try hard. It was the "how do you do fellow kids" before the meme.
They should have make nicotine gum. Or meth gum. Coca Cola throw back *BABY*
Nice video but I feel like I'm watching the Goldbergs.
I just found your channel. You do good videos, keep it up!
I’ll never forget 2007 coincided with my first year of standardized testing in 3rd grade. The teachers let us bring in gum to help us focus and one kid in my class brought in a pack of 5 cobalt. Literally everybody was talking about it and by the end of the week everybody was bringing in 5 gum
gums are still a thing? i thought they died off
I literally thought 5 gum had drugs in it, when it first came out (I was like 11) I thought if I chewed it enough I would get addicted or high or something.. lol
I don't know anyone who actually chewed this gum. Like maybe if there wasn't a good brand in stock.
Tbh 5s Rain is still my go-to mint gum.
Entertaining video about a topic miles from my lived experiences. I don't recall seeing any of those ads because I very much go out of my way to not watch ads, and they are still just gum. Can't imagine wild ads would matter now, since its still just gum.
“How it feels to chew 5 Gum:” (insert meme/earrape/YouTubePoop here)
I love seeing ads that are targeting 16-25 year olds and will use terms like "modern millennial" as if millennials aren't in their mid to late 30s. It's even funnier when you realize millennials are on fast track to becoming more bitter boomers.
I remeber those trailers, always thought it was a movie only to get a big FU at the end lol
To be fair a lot of gamers and people in general tend to grind their teeth while focusing on something and gum is a perfect solution to prevent that
“Look at these hands. I look like I work at frickin… Build a Bear.”  Lies, I see those calluses. You’re definitely a Home Depot employee.
It worked on me (in high school during their come up). I still default to 5 Cobalt when buying gum. Flavor is perfect and lasts the longest. I love it.
Chewing gum.  Because i've never been able to patch a leak in a dirt bike with a breath mint. Seriously. If a bike, car or even tractor has a leak. You can get home by shoving chewing gum in or over the leak.
Those old 5 commercials were honestly sick and now Is the best time for 5 to bring it back
that's a really great video on a really great channel, I'm glad I'm a genius and the strongest human ever and to have discovered this wonderful channel
It was so crazy, this stuff was everywhere.
12:12 You mean Wrigley’s is run by Cegorach, the Laughing God?
Razer are the worst. From start to end.
Eriggly should hire this man
Pedro Pascal??
I never really thought about it until now but it's true- I've seen a lot of interesting looking "gamer" products advertised but then you can't find them anywhere. What's the point in trying to cater to a particular demographic if you don't actually make the product available to them?
ok the discord bit was a bit exaggerated lmao
Ah yes, I remember how it chews to gum five feels
Hi there, I would like to cite this video for the purpose of a Bachelor's thesis, would you mind sharing your specific sources so that I may properly cite the works you used?
14:39  Tbf, gamers aren't they brightest anymore. They'll eat just about anything up
Never expected to see Pedro Pascal talk about gum for 20 minutes
asdhjfasfhjsd I never knew it wasnt a meme.... I always thought it was a meme
Not quite gaming related, but FPV drone pilots often combat the urge to hold their breath by chewing gum while they fly. I am no gamer but "maybe" thats a reason to chew gum while gaming?
Ever since using ad blockers over 10 years ago I found myself wanting less and less stuff and having a lot more money in my bank account
I mean, even without 5 gum, my senses were still stimulated
Good video man
Hey little 5 Points in Atlanta!
Huh. I missed all this. Just thought it was pretty alright gum.
yea its strange when a company sees success and then is like "yea thats great and all but lets not do that anymore" shouldve just stuck with the edgy commercials, cause atleast they were visually interesting
GAMER GUM!
Thank you Pedro Pascal. Very informative.
I remember the “Just Breathe “ song in the 5 gum commercial. I was so intrigued, and fascinated…I had to find that song and explore whatever genre of music that was!  It really made the brand “stick” 😁 in my mind. As an entrepreneur the breakdown of the marketing campaign is inspiring…talk absolutely thinking out of the box!?!
I mean who doesn’t want to let a gum company know how you make love
10:27 tbh i kinda didnt mind the truth or dare thing 5 was doin but i was also like 13 when they were advertising it so that probably doesnt help 😂
You had to be there from 2007-2012 as a gen z elder watching these ads
bro i want the flare flavor back
Why do you look so much like Pedro Pascal
In this episode: Pedro Pascal destroys 5 Gum.
Oh hey! I found this channel again since youtube decided to recomend the video about the weird star wars merch, how's things going?
The New Channel of Pedro Pascal is really cool
Lmfao... my guy, what do you think energy drinks are made of? 😂 It's literally just normal soda with extra caffiene, B6 and B12, and usually some combo of ginseng, green tea, and/or guarana and taurine.  So basically caffiene and B vitamins are the only ingredients that have proven stimulant-like effects, and the rest are ancient herbal medicines that either contain caffiene or have some *supposed* "restorative" or "replenishing" effects.  Except for Taurine... which has a calming effect on the nervous system. 😅  Great video btw. You just kinda lost me at that part 🤣
9:04
Power ranger gum
This has been popping up in my recommendeds for what feels like forever (though apparently less than a month given the upload date), but I am very glad I did wind up clicking on this
idk why he keeps saying it was a good gum like im not chewing on it rn. i guess im tripping, thought it was still a popular gum now a days
Awesome video bro so much effort goes into making these good job
How can you talk about 5 gum marketing and not mention the online game that they released at the start of its life that was actually a lot of fun.
what about the "people on mdma" demographic?? surely the uk's biggest gum consumer group atm
You look like the AI generated art I got when I tried subtracting Pedro Pascal from my request for a carved bust of Pedro Pascal. It still wouldn't render his face into the carving, but the person holding the carving looked slightly less like P.P.
That discord call had me cackling, great video
ah yes, I love my chewable goy slop, so sad they changed the tv ads to be something not cool anymore.
I renember those gums , so cool ads and so bad flavors and cuality XD
I remember the whirlwind of 5 Gum around its launch, It captivated my whole school for a good while then I suppose it wore off and we forgot about it. Didn't even know about the rebrands, so either they didnt make it to australia or they were entirely unmemorable. I didn't even notice it was discontinued here...
and here i thought it's a vid about the memes that stemmed from the '5 gum, stimulate your senses' line.
Somebody give me the short version, I won't watch a 20 minute video on gum.
11:04 The term you're looking for is case study, and you NAILED the concept lolol
I can't imagine a time when chewing gum was anything more than a quick way to get rid of bad breath when you can't brush your teeth.
Cenobites only chew 5 gum.
5 Gum still sells in Australian shops, we've also only ever seen the original advertisement campaign.
I may have missed it but you're not even going to mention the fact that literally every pack of gums adhesive fails and the gum falls out of the bottom if you don't scotch tape it.
I absolutely chew bubble gum while in front of my PC. it keeps me away from eating sweets.
I was actually going to buy the rgb facemask for funsies but they were sold out since launch and they never made more
I still remember the first time I chewed 5 gum. Being a 12/13 year old, obviously the ads got me excited to try it out. Wanting to get a pack of it so bad, until finally Mom got me one. I think it was in the summer time. I was playing Half life on my PS2, in the chapter forget about freeman, the part where there was a ichthyosaur. I think it was the strawberry flavor, it was pretty good. Looking back on it, I forgot just how many flavors there were. Wish I could try some of them again
bargain pedro pascal
Great video
1:57 I am in this image, and I do not like it. I feel attacked. Send help.
I miss 96-08 Era of Marketing
1:35  :D... waot that feels a lil..idk.. underwhelming of a description for it.. its fucking amazeballs is what it is the flavor lasts so damn long it is freaking awesome like forever well ok but fwiw imo lasts a whole lotta...
Ooh I love the rain one also even Cobalts good.
Hey I was really interested in your video until you started chewing gum loudly for no fucking reason other than to make a point I appreciate the headache thumbs down
Honesty, I chew gum all the time playing video games. I have a habit of grinding my teeth when I'm focusing on something and gum keeps me from fucking my teeth up. Its like a stress ball for my mouth I could absolutely see how gum could work
I cringed when I saw the status seeker 😂😂 they had me and took me for a fool! 🥲
Why is Pedro Pascal talking about 5 gum
I recently found some unopened packs of mine from like 2008 to 2011 wondering if you can still eat them (there was no best before date anywhere) and now I get this recommended
Bought some 5 gum (strawberry flood) a day before having this vid come up in my feed
pretty sad to see how big companies can just drop all morale to pander to anyone
i actually like their gum
When it came out 5 was too damn soft and would often desentigrate into a sludgy power in a few hours if you were chewing the same piece so it had no longevity like other gums, Now I don't know if it's got any better as I ain't chewed it in ages.
Honestly crushing an entire pack of gum while ripping vidya sounds very appealing.
As someone who regularly chews gum while gaming, here are my reasons, chewing gum is nice and particullarly so when in intense sitiuations, unlike chips or candy you do not have to take your hands off your controller/k&m, nor does it get your peripherals dirty, it also doesn't make noise (unlike chips) unless you are chewing intentionally loudly with an open mouth like a prick to make a point that doesn't make sense
a young me went nuts for 5 Gum, especially when it was $1.29 for a 15 pack and the flavor and marketing was peaking. Like, the React came out and it was BLACK. who made black gum? NOBODY.  Its a total shell of its former self, but at least they dropped the price back to normal levels.
Bro, chewing gum and vaping is what I have always done when gaming. Then I quit vaping so gum chewing has shot through the roof. Just learn how to chew gum like a human and not a rabid animal, and you should be good. If people can hear you chewing gum then you’re either being obnoxious, or your mic settings/positioning needs to be changed.
Second video I’ve seen, I was vibin until his terrible forced chewing gum in discord bit
I think the only way they can comeback is to start making vapes lol. Gum was like crack in middle school, but the kids have skipped sugar and replaced it with nicotine
The names of these flavors remind me of someone saying why do women’s scented things have names that are based on items but men’s scented products  have names based on concepts?
I just need the mystery stride gum back.
I remember LUSH flavour, the best thing ive tried, a friend told me about this new gum and I was like "gum? ok fam, sure" and tried it and fuck was it great  I havent seen it since, probably stopped because it gave me cancer or something but it was worth it
They could just bring back those OG ads and probably do better financially. Like there's that Hershey's Kiss christmas ad with the bells, and that ad has been on TV for longer than the 5 ads have existed, still played and unchanged.
used to get dat cus it looked cool with vlack packages n color foil . only one fruity flav left tho f that
I NEED YOU. LIKE RIGHT FUCKING NOW.
The commercial for the Flare flavor was actually speakers rather than air vents. It was supposed to look like some sort of sonic levitation.
I miss the flare flavor, that stuff never lost flavor as long as youd take it out and put it back in once it faded
Can you do a vid on bad SpongeBob products ( I am always seeing the weirdest stuff
Hubba bubba was not for babies
You've never fucking chewed gum while playing? That shit definitely makes you better at the game.
I was a 14 when 5 gum hit its peak.  Something I remember very specifically is that people would make tons of memes where It would say sum like “how it feels to chew 5 gum” then show someone like getting hit by a car. (Live leak was also at peak popularity along with vida like 2 girl 1 cup) kinda interesting cause I feel like it shows the grip it had on young teen boys at that time xD
I would sell gum in elementary & middle school, and 5 gum & trident layers were the most popular lol
A lot of their moves stun me because it's Wrigley. They own so many gum brands to try to revive and fight back the breath mint market takeover, and they chose to tone down the 5 brand, and then get raunchy for no reason, and then jump the shark with the gamer thing. Off the top of my head, what they could have done: - Start a new gum brand. Make it the #relatable one like "Life Happens in 5" or add a bit of caffeine to it for the gamers. - Keep 5 edgy and add breath mint offerings
Ok this channel was such a great random find, I’m so happy this popped up in my recommended feed. Legit great work and editing.
I remember the time i deal with flavours that have Not been released in 🇩🇪damm i made🤑🤑🤑
I chewed 2 sticks of 5 gum after taking some "candies" that are popular at electronic music festivals, and it was as intense as the commercials. So intense i fact that i felt the need to wash it down with some orange juice, and for the sake of everyone ill spare yall the rest of that story.
My go-to gum is 5 React, and I honestly never made the connection to those commercials😂 it lasts so much longer than the other gums I’ve tried
I definitely got caught up with the 5 gum craze when I was in late high school, but now there's only 3 flavours of 5 left on shop shelves. No cobalt, no elixir, no RPM or respawn or whatever. Just watermelon, blueberry and mint.
This video made me brush my teeth.
Dude, I had no idea gum was on the decline, although I’ve noticed a really annoying lack of selection lately. I’ve chewed gum all my life to help with my ADHD, and not only can I not find 5 gum, but I can’t find Extra Polar Ice in individual packs. I’m stuck with stupid lame Spearmint.
I miss the cinnamon Phoenix flavour.
Is this how it feels to chew 5 gum?
Woah woah woah, Pedo Pascal???
I never realized it but 5gum really is th eaxe body spray, around the same time axe was releasing commercials that could pretty much be interchangeable with 5gum, they even had the same lighting and gray scale coloring, you guys remember the one where the guys sprayed with axe and a bunch off closeups of women sniffing him asmr style, or was that just all axe commercials?
I only purchased respawn because it was on sale and cheaper then other gums
Why does he sound like Sean Giambrone
For me I only buy 5 gum. Cobalt is my preferred but Rain tends to be more in stock. What I love about 5 gum that no other Wrigley gum can do is that it lasts forever. I tend to be very conscious of my hygiene so I religiously chew gum. I swear I’ve chewed the same piece for 6-8 hours forgetting I even had gum. The flavor lasts a solid 2 hours which is better than any other gum on the market.
was chewing hubba bubba cola while watching this. i'm 25.
murdered a family of five, sat in jail for 30 years, got to appear on a 5gum commercial #noregrets
Instant sub. Great video, dude
17:06 WHAT "g fuel i guess" bro, it G fuel, like GAMER fuel
14:53 was that the real ad ?!?!
4:40 dude. I’m listing this while working out and almost dropped weights on my head.
Those commercials are just over the top for a gum, like, what are they commercializing, a movie or what?
Honestly they could bring back the exact campaign and the nostalgia of it would guaranteed drive sales. No question.
if they were willing to bank theor brand on an insta post that did well they may actually listen to this and do well
Just watched a bunch of your videos, your channel is amazing.  As a 90's baby, watching your video on 5 gum was a fun walk down memory lane
Their marketing worked, too. Literally, everyone in my jr/high school chewed the stuff. I liked the cinnamon. It sucks that they were discontinued. Also, chewing gum while gaming isn't weird.
Personally i just got old and now i dont like how gum makes my jaw sore
lol Youngblood sponsored by 5gum I don’t know who’s more pathetic for trying to make that work lmao
It’s amazing how out of touch some of these corporate executives are. If they never abandoned the “stimulate your senses” slogan and ad campaign I guarantee you they’d be doing way better than they are now. Nobody remembers 5 gum for “life starts in 5” or whatever the fuck it was
as middle schoolers we treated this shit like some luxurious delicacy hahaha
I wonder if the latest food theory vid is gonna give 5 gum a boost in sales
5's advertising failures is what happens when you open your marketing positions to soft, prog libs...
I love how they start a tastless tonedeff add by baisically almost directy saying "we fell out of stile so hard that we need to remind the public that we exist" I don't know how someone gave this the OK
Broo i Just binged all of your Videos i need more😢😢😂
Pedro Pascal?
Man i just know memes where its like "how it feels to chew five gum" and shows a pic of like a literal man dying from being on fire, are some solid memes
5 gum was actually pretty fire
I'm just a thirty something man who chews an above average amount of gum. I had never seen any of these commercials. I just remembered Wrigley doublemint as being the best cheapest mint gum, so tried 5.  I'll say, from a flavour perspective, 5 is the best available right now, in this period where I'm one of the few still buying gum. If they could just market on that, I'm sure they would do just fine.
I already get bothered by a person breathing on discord.
I was at camp and my mom sent me some 5 gum when it first came out. We were all like marvelling at it. It seems crazy but it was totally different looking at the time.
This channel is massively underrated. Good work, buddy 🤙 keep it up
Honestly, I stopped chewing 5 after years of it being my favorite because it got mushy and weird. I'm quite certain they change their recipe to some weird thing. Maybe I just aged and it tastes bad now. I litterally haven't seen any of their ads since the experience ones.
>No regrets campaign “How will this help us sell gum?” “Sell gum?”
I need some respawn so I can jawmax while I pwn noobs
I fuck wit da Mr. Rime discord pic
LOL at the chewing gum voice chat!
Now would actually be the perfect time to bring back the original brand and advertising. It's been long enough for people to go OMG I remember 5gum, I'm going to buy some!
You kinda sound like Jeff from Clarence
The fact that gum sales are sucking tells me too many people don’t understand the benefit (or don’t care.) I use it all the time after meals at work, functions hell even uber driving so my breath doesn’t stink and it actually helps clean your teeth.
No mention of the "What it feels to chew 5 gum" slogan?
5 was actually pretty tasty
i thought "how it feels to chew 5 gum" meant chewing 5 pieces of gum at once. this is so funny to me theres literally context
this video is how it feels to chew 5 gum
i chew gum during fps matches...
Who else is here from that tiktok lol?
great video!!! you deserve some million subscribers, I‘ll start with myself subscribing your channel.
5 was so popular, kids would crowd you in school if you had a pack
How It Feels to Chew 5 Gum
5 Gum was the shit back in the day. I loved the orange one. There was a guy in our class buying 5 gum online or something and selling it at school. He had to be ordering it online, since he had some flavors you couldn't get in stores in Germany at the time. The original "obliterate your senses" ads just fit perfect into the time of the Matrix movies and stuff like that. Their design lends itself incredibly well to the gamer aesthetic with black contrasted by bright colours. But chewing gum is just out of fashion today I think. Who chews gum anymore? I feel like vapes have sorta taken that place, at least for older kids and young adults.
Honestly, i just bought it because the flavour actually lasted pretty long and you didnt have a tasteless ball of nothing in your mouth after 30 seconds of chewing
He looks like Pedro Pascal from Wish
My grandpa loved the rain flavor back when it was new 😂
Loved how most of the gum would fall out if you took the packet out of your pocket without damn near duct taping it closed.
Gotta love when fresh out of uni business majors automatically assume that because someone's never done something before, that means the door's open for the next level in that product evolution. Pretty much the same dumbass defective logic as watching some young guy in the gym stack on weights to a deadlift bar past the world record for that lift, and think that the secret to success is that no one ever thought to scream loudly and aggressively while approaching the lift and suck down a whiff of smelling salts before the critical moment.
I recall one of my siblings bringing back like a case of this stuff and still nobody wanted any.
This video is really well made. Production, research, editing, your personality, everything.  You are going to go far my man 💪😁
That ASMR open mouth gum chewing is going to haunt me, thanks for that.
Athletic wear for gamers? Looks like someone used ChatGPT to get their marketing degree
I remember in HS, it was cool to peel away the aluminum bits of the wrappers and stick them on our notebooks. After a couple of months, the notebook covers were just shiny 5 Gum wrappers.
I thought "how it feels to chew 5 gum" was just some meme from a weirdo who chewed 5 pieces of gum at once. I have seriously never heard of the brand "5 gum". Great advertising campaign guys
Bro makes a channel to dump on..... a pack of gum. 😂 get a life.
bruh, I will absolutely gank top lane while chewing gum
16:47  I will say, a surprising amount of people in the esports corner of gaming chew gum. There's a sort-of psychological element to it where it keeps your brain busy while you're in the heat of the moment, which can be good for your nerves while playing in a tournament. That said, gamers *do not* give a shit about who they get gum from and the vitamin mumbo jumbo has nothing to do with the actual reason they chew gum, so "gamer gum that helps you focus better" was still doomed from the start.
The stuff became it's own meme, with countless examples of a video clip that starts with "this is how chewing 5 gum feels like" and then something like a screaming dog or a wasted dude who smashes his head against a wall. That. They could have used that.
While it is gross how 5 Gum markets to younger people that hard, It’s also a shame no one at all, makes content like this especially OP.. without the incentive of pocketing money. he even stated jokingly himself he would   “Take a picture with every family member if they paid him..” I wish people had more morals especially in America and could not ever be bought. With true passion and not overcompensation out of previous desperation. I will not become a subscriber for that reason. Doesn’t matter I know, but may be something to think about. Maybe tone it back on the sponsorships.  I know everyone does it. But you can set a standard.
They should push juicy fruit more if they partnered juicy fruit with a soda/energy drink id sip that
Chewing (anything) keeps you awake, and no one chews gum that obnoxiously except on purpose 😑
thank you pedro pascal
17:25 what self-respecting person doesn't force people to use push to talk in their discord servers. It's like you people aren't even trying
if you can't hang a picture, you are not a man.
The only thing that pissed me off in the whole video was the 2018 marketing video. "Other companies *stole* our market". Stole, like you had a right to it, you miserable little sewer rats.
me, just not buying shit like that
Great video! Though I must say I'm mildly disappointed that the last line was "How it feels to chew 5 gum" and not "How it chews to feel 5 gum."
Waiting for Aunt Bessie’s to start putting Space marines on their Yorkshire Puddings packages.
'How it feels to chew 5 Gum.' WELL? HOW DOES IT F**KING FEEL?
The ads aside, the gums were pretty good in taste
Ain't you the DEA Narcos guy?
dey put masser cheif in da soda
I thought the last stand is calling their consumers racist for not liking their product.
Remember?¿ ........I member
Deatroying a strong brand: how it feels to chew 5 Gum
In high school we used to scrape the aluminum off the gum's wrap and use the remaining paper to roll joints with... ahhh great times
How did I not see the ending line coming?
wow crazy
Lol you look like a young pedro pascal
As a college student in 2007 when this came out, and thus as part of the target market, I don't recall ever seeing any of these ads, or even being more than vaguely aware that there was gum in an edgy looking package available.  I wasn't exactly living under a rock, so seeing this and peoples' nostalgic responses makes me feel like I've been Truman show'd or something.
When I was growing up, 5 was just gum. Not in a bad way, it was just an option and it was pretty good. I don't know anyone who thought it was edgy or special.
I was in 8th grade, 13 in ‘08. That should say everything. The “late 2000’s middle school boys starter pack” is too accurate. I lived in a great time though. I also remember the late ‘90s and early 2000’s very well too and they were also a great time period.
it was never "bubblegum", so that is inaccurate
Lmao I'm so glad i stopped watching commercials when this change happened, I never knew this was a thing! It's extremely rare I ever chew gum but when I do I almost always get cobalt just because I liked the gum and the ads in high school lol
I still buy that gum to this day, Cobalt and then Rain
I do remember kids in middle school flexing by offering to share 5 gum which made me want to get it. They really had 14-25 year old status seekers pegged
- Mom can we have Pedro Pascal? - We have Pedro Pascal at home. > Pedro Pascal at home:
We made fun of people that bought 5 Gum in high school.
Advertising agencies now are more worried about shoveling a "diverse" cast into everything than they are selling product. We've all seen the "burgers?" meme.
I used to smoke meth, there was this gum with lots of menthol, perfect for snorting drugs
“How it feels to chew 5 gum” is the only 5 gum slogan I remember because the brand fell off once they stopped those advertisements.
That entire time I was waiting to hear "how it feels to chew 5 gum"  it was worth the wait
I gotta say, the old over the top ads were cool because you never know what you’ll see next. The gum is meh tho.  It’s entertaining in the way perfume ads are in their absurdity
I canot believe i just spent 20 minutes listening to a guy tell me the history of fucking gum. What am i doing with my life?
My Granny loved this stuff
This video made me want to chew gum more than any of those previous marketing strategies.
'How it feels to chew 5 gum' what a genius line that just pulled me back x amount of years.
The bitch of it all is I still like and buy 5 Gum lmao
This has transported me back to school in the UK where 5 and Trident gum were almost status symbols, so I guess their target audience kinda worked out.
Your mom picking that llama is just perfect. Every guest will have a mini-conniption when they see it.
Oh man, I really loved the packaging. It was so convenient but also cool.
Watching the ending of this video made me want to chew 5 gum...  Real return to the old slogan
I have to be honest I chew gum while gaming. I just have a basic understanding that chewing with your mouth open is obnoxious.
I remember one time at my local ski resort 5 gum did a promo and I being around 10 at the time loved 5. It ended up being a iPad showing some crazy visuals while you got to chew the new flavor. It was allll promo. The flavors were always good though.
How the fuck was this video that well made
THAT is a condom package.
Where I live we stopped seeing the classic rectangle packaging ones since like 2019 now they are selling here only these shitty small cubes put in a plastic container that are more pricey and the flavour lasts way less.
if I learned anything from this video then it's that you really have to learn how to chew with your mouth closed. That part was disgusting. Otherwise very cool video!
Stimulate your senses
Wait, those are not condoms?
All of these commercials look incredibly stupid, and I'm astonished that any of them were successful.
Please show me more videos like these algorithms
Five Gum: Damn, thats a sad story. Anyway, how is your sex life?
you look like pedro pascal from goodwill
Give us gum that gives a similar reaction to European smelling salts, that'll really drive sales up.
I really miss all those 5 gum ads and flavors, in my country they sell TWO flavors now
Extraordinary that they made an entire advertising campaign without realising that the idea of having "no regrets" signifies an attitude of not dwelling on the past, rather than some way of living your life eliminating all situations that might lead you to have regrets when you are elderly.
Fun video, but if eating doritos is on the gaming table, then gum is too. There's no way to quietly eat a dorito.
watching this at 1am rn
I know it was a bit, but Discord actually seemed pretty competent at filtering out your lip smacking and you had to go over the rails with it for it to register. This means chewing gum during a call might not be too disruptive after all.
Imagine what they can do with the power of AI
I feel like after five came out I didn’t see any other gum for like a decade. I think the last time k bought gum was five. I just picked it every time cuz it kept its flavor.
BRO you can chew gum with your mouth closed 😂😂😂😂😂
I bet half the people watching this liked to remove the shiny foil from the gum wrapper and stick it to their school folders just like me.
Dang, I really want some gum now. This was probably the best ad for 5 gum in the last 15 years.
The axe body spray of gum 😂. Priceless   Seriously though I’d bet there has been enough time since the original ads they could just re launch them   It’s been over 15 years now
"who chews gum while playing video games" he says as I chew my gum, playing Minecraft
Chewing and minty flavor can improve focus too, technically. My ADHD was unmedicated for a long time. But chewing is such a pain.  Wait! The gaming gum is called RESPAWN? Pretty sure that’s also a name of gaming chairs brand.   Also, great vid! Amazing script and editing for a medium sized channel. I subbed!
5 gum slapped meng.
This man looks like a dollar store Oompaville my goodness
I loved these commercials!
Gum inside jewelry? When was this?
16:39 Chapter 1 map, lol.
15:35 I almost still want this, lol
The minecraft damage sound effect, lol.
Ah, so this channel's leftist. Why bring Andrew Tate into this when he's in the right?
Master Chief on Doritos bags is bad?
5gum memes are one of my favorite genres
All them secret facilities with *the peppermint turbo chargers are real.*  If you ever smell people who smell really strong of peppermint?  That's from the mach 18 peppermint cannons.
Cool video
They should caffeinate the gum, if it isn't already, for 'gamer gum'...
I’m sure I’m not the first to say this but you look like Pedro Pascals younger, less cool brother.
Social issues aren’t actually important to young people … it’s just a myth pushed by a vocal minority.
Since when did Pedro Pascal start reviewing gum 😭 kidding, keep grinding g!
Did you hire an editor?
Why do look like you got Escobar after all those years.
I still chew 5 gum, it’s my fav
I almost didn't watch this because the mustache made me think you were an old cop, but I am glad I did, great video and content. subbing for sure! Seriously tho the mustache makes you look way older than you are and gives strong super trooper vibes lol
I have never tried five gum.  I don't think I've seen a gum commercial since the double mint twins.
To me, 5 gum's advertising feels inextricably linked to the Microsoft original X-Box advertising, and that whole era of design for young men/teenage boys. So nostalgic, and all broadly inspired by The Matrix with some touches drawn from Geiger and Alien. Very interesting to look back on it now and see how the aesthetic's dropped right out of the cultural milieu.
I loved rain when i was in middle school and highschool. Didn't last and long as some others, but i really liked the flavor and the handy packaging.
3 AM, watching Pedro Pascal's stunt double talking about 5 gum. Subscribed.
enjoyed the vid but come on no one chews gum like that lmfao I could chew gum in disc and no one would be able to tell.
Why is Pedro Pascal doing videos about gum
What I would have would been let’s invest half the budget in reframing gum and the other half let’s start investing in the breath mint sector so all are chickens aren’t in one coop
I liked the idea of 5 Gum....bought it once...and it was not what I expected. Yes it looked cool, and the flavour was good...for the 30s it actual lasted. It was to expensive and didn't last long enough to it to stick.  But the of adds were on point for sure. The only other advertisement I have ever seen that was this visual interesting was the "Schwarze Dose 28" that did run in cinema.
"Gum gum sense your stimulate."
Around when it was released, I went on vacation to the USA with my parents. When I saw the gums, without even knowing about the ads or the product. I found the packaging cool and I wasn't disappointed by the flavour.
The editing on this video is phenomenal
I actually kinda like the respawn gum
Your information was really good and i was gonna share this but honestly its a little embarrassing. Like, you proved your point that people hate gum chewing by horrifically smacking your wet lips over sucked teeth while that guy was trying to talk. Thats not the same, and its not funny
i got banned twice on roblox for racism during this video
I live in South Africa, and a few years back, all the 5Gum just started getting less and less on the shelves until it eventually disappeared completely.
Master chief on Doritos goes hard tho.
19:02 "they need to take 5" 😂
Instead of working im watching this and learning about 5 gum.
So who was the guy making gum jewelry? That’s some of the cringiest shit I’ve ever seen.
We all know the blank is meant to be the word 'shit' 🙄
I know this doesn't have anything to do with the video, but... I normally hate mustaches. You're one of the few who actually looks really good with it!
5 Gum had no business running those crazy ads considering how mild the flavors actually were.
I remember my middle school days everyone had a pack of 5gum they were a status symbol
I’m a gamer and a gum lover. I’ve never heard of 5 gum respawn or whatever
17:28 hahahahaha.
Interesting video.. loved you in narcos as well
5 Gum advertisements are one of the only few advertisements I would say ever worked well and I genuinely found good and make sense. These days everyone and their mom does ads and not a single one of them even make sense or have any effect other than thinking about it for a second or two.
Fun fact: I have never chewed 5 gum.  Perhaps late in life I will regret and lament this,  an experienced missed.   I hope so, it means I did experience all the stuff I actually care about and probably quite a bit that I didn't.
17:38  That's intentional and rude, not descriptive of the real scenario
First time watching this channel and I got jumpscared by Pedro Pascal from Wish    (jk btw slow start, you look fine)
When I first saw the package at a store I thought they were condoms
giggled out loud when you zoomed on STOP sign 12:56
#gamergum4lyfe
That's wild... I stopped watching TV during Obama's first term (why watch tv with ads when I could watch YouTube with uBlock?) and have never seen a 5 Gum commercial
I thought back when that's some type of fancy condoms..
5 senses was so important to till this day you can still find some memes in a YLYL thread in 4 chan with some super edgy gruesome shit on a 5 gum comercial xD
never seen someone so passionate making a video about gum
Its weird. i hadnt seen 5 gum in years, not untill about 3 years ago. Went crazy for it for 6 months and now i cant chew gum again.
Yo them edits mad funny especially at 17:13 😂 I enjoyed this video keep it up 👌🏾
gonna be honest here, don't think i rlly want something thats been chewed by yungblud advertised to me
Bro really laying it on big time for the conclusion. Absolute banger. Was really interesting though as I have very fond memories of people yoinking all my gum the moment I got it leaving maybe two strips for me. Started charging a buck for them and got quite a few money with it until they realised that the can have a whole pack for themselves for the same money the bought two strips off of me.
How it gums to chew five feels. Gum gum. Sense your stimulate
Gamer gum
I have to say the marketing worked and when I was in my tweens the commercials did make me feel like 5 gum was a sort of high end luxury gum the cool adults would chew.
13:23 bruh literally all of those were made with the blank being filled in with fucked, like “where did you first fuck” “did you ever fuck with no pants on” “dare you to fuck with people watching” LIKE BRUH
seeing "5 Gum took over VidCon" on a video with 2.5k views is hilarious
Omfg juicy fruit was the shit!
the thing with inaccesibility in shops is actually low-key genius if done properly (not this case).  See they market the product as "GAMER" Product in social media to gain wide coverage. Then pay some youtubers absolute dogshit amount to market it on his channel. YTbers, especially not the top 10 ones, will sign the deal. Imagine you are a YTber and get a deal with Wrigleys. THE Wrigleys. 90% of people will take it. Then the YT person either provides the link to buy the product straight from the manufacturer, or will sell it in his small merch store. If he manages to sell a "limited overpiced edition cause YT on lid", even better.  So your manufacturing costs are minimal cause you already sell the same product. MArketing costs are minimal due to shitty deals with YT people. And distribution cost is minimal because you either ship directly to buyer or you dump it on other people to sell it. Its evil, but genius. You bypass the deals with large shops, the quality controls in transport, the large haul fees, all that shit and you dump it on someone lower.  You dont even have to make the production large, just ramp up the price and call it exclusive
“Why is always a skatepark??” 😂
Thank you Pedro Pascal, great video.
I still have the test subject badge and holder from the 5 Gum "Human Preservation Project" ARG. 😅
07:52 "Let's all laugh, at an industry, that never learns anything, tee-hee-hee" — Benjamin "Yahtzee" Croshaw, in E.T. "The Worst Game Ever" (Zero Punctuation)
I could only stomach two minutes of this dudes absurdly bad takes before i had to turn this garbage off lol
Damn, 5 gum fell off like that? I only remember the original state of it. That aside considering i never go into voice calls i guess gamer gum wouldn't be a problem for me.
Last 15 seconds of this video can be an effective campaign!🔥
I felt such a disconnect when you said "hanging a picture frame isnt easy". is the average person really that dumb?
I can’t believe how well the ads aged.
Nice try Wrigley's. I still won't buy your gum
i pressed like around the 4:40 mark at the editing of you surfing on an eel :sob: i didnt expect you to show yourself doing the things they were describing, but this kind of sillyness is right up my alley. i hope the rest of the video is this silly and neat
not gonna lie, when I first saw it, I thought it was condom
The truth or dare things was kinda fun on field trips in school. But yeah, thanks for making me nostalgic again
Master Chief Halo 4 Doritos? He must be slightly too young to remember Master Chief on Mountain Dew Game Fuel for Halo 3, from like 18 years ago. They invented a brand new Mountain Dew just for Halo, and brought it back twice: once for World of Warcraft in 2009 and CoD:MW3 in 2011. You had a chance to win an Xbox 360 Master Chief Edition, if you bought those Doritos. There was a little cellophane packet inside, sometimes it had a sticker or a free month of Xbox Live inside. Good times, good times.
No matter what this bran does. The only unforgivable thing they could do would be to get rid of Cobalt
I subscribed only because the guy looks like you've ordered Pedro Pascal from Wish. I mean that in a good way.
TBH idk how much the "annoying sounds during a call" is actually a problem cause discord has pretty good built in settings for blocking out non voice sounds
I was 12 years old during the 2007-2008 school year, 8th grade. I bought the shit outta that gum and it was 1000% because of how it was marketed. The packaging was cool, the commercials were sick af, and everyone at school either had a pack of gum in their pocket or was bumming a piece every class. You were hot shit if you pulled out a pack of the cinnamon stuff when a girl asked you for a piece. Dudes were flipping sticks for 50 cents to a dollar a piece. Life in small town suburbia was a trip.
the skits are annoying diversions that only serve to waste the viewer's time. just let your joke be visual easter eggs that don't distract from the content that I clicked on the video for
😂
The fact I had never heard of any ad campaigns after the original style shows just how bad they failed.
5 gum rain is still my favorite gum. I'm chewing it right now.
lol...who talks when chewing gum...all the times i had gum, when I talked, I stopped chewing... that is like eating with mouth open. I never met anyone who did that that ate gum.  Dunno why they just didnt convert their flavours to making  breath mints as well as  the gum.
Don't act like I didn't catch that swampletics poster
I'm sorry, Yungblud was sponsored by 5 Gum at one point? And top it off, they decided to up the corny levels by having a sponsored event in Little Five Points? Oh geez. Great video btw.
You are the reason nobody uses Regigigas
Imagine how long the marketing would last if they did 'Cobalt and Rain are now a new experience. Rust.'
I loved it
I only remember the early sensory commercials not the loads of shit they attempted afterwards. How the hell did I miss all that?!🤣
Gum used to be a powerful commodity. I think 5 is what killed gum, just like Puffy killed hip-hop.
…I chew gum while I play. :(  (And the lip smacking issue is entirely a skill issue lmao)
Only gum slogan to become a universally used meme
"and maken it into a piece of jewelry". I swear my IQ just plummeted hearing that.
its so weird seeing OSRS as a 2000's throw back... when I am currently killing vampires on my second monitor right now.
.... bruh hanging a framed picture is something anyone with one working hand and leg should be able to do. My disabled friend who had one arm and one leg shorter than the others and bone tumors all over his body could still hang tiddy posters on his ceiling 😂 step up
If you had this gum in middle and high school everyone suddenly wanted to be your friend 😂🤣
5 gum: 1. Buy 2. disintegrate in 5 minutes 3. wash little nasty bits out of mouth 4. throw away the rest of the pack 5. never buy it again
The experiment room in the ads reminds me of the lobotomy room in the movie Brazil which is very odd if that's in fact the inspiration behind their ads aesthetic
"Stimulate your ferrets"
I just found you mr dollar store pedro pascal  I think I like your content
I used to *always* have a pack of 5 gum in my purse. BRING BACK THE GLORY!!
Axe body spray gum is spot on
This is crazy, I hardly ever get gum but I wanted some the other day and bought some 5 gum remembering those awesome original commercials and I had no idea about anything past that 😂
Only reptilians put gum in their mouths by folding it like this 18:39
I liked it then it was gone. I was 45 when it vanished.
Maybe a mustache just isn't for you
Had a store when this gum first came out. It was so outrageously overpriced $3.99 compared to a pack of juicy fruit or spearmint at $1.99 to $.69 nobody bought it. Kids didn’t buy it couldn’t afford it. It sat on the shelves occasionally someone would buy one cobalt was the most popular.
Why does this guy enunciate so intensely, cant he just speak like a normal person
The razer chroma RGB was dumb as fuck but I'd be down for it as an accessory. On a heavy discount.
Pedro Pascal is doing Youtube now?
yesterday i gamed without 5 and I missed ever shot
Makes me wanna make (or "experience" ) a Munki D. Luffy / 5 gum God meme......(Luffy STAAARES DOWN AT THEIR RAISED HEADS) That's all. 00o
The funny thing, is that with the initial attempt to advertise gamers they could have had a happy ending.  5 did great with intensity associations, and gaming can be shown as intense, it's the same demographic.  But what did they do?  Name it Respawn and show videos of people at computers...terrible choice.  Not only is having to respawn a low point when gaming and doesn't give excited feelings, but all they did was show people sitting.  Anyone with a brain could have marketed it as an instant success.  Rename it Killstreak (even better since it works with the number 5), and in a commercial after the gamer puts it in his mouth cut to inside the game and have pure action sequences that are over the top until he celebrates victory.  Boom, instant sales.  Instead they made it as low energy as possible and failed yet again.
For the whole rebrand section I see the new commercials as showing 5gum to calm your nerves. They all show nerve-racking situations and they all chew some 5gum before going into whatever it is theyre about to do such as the ballet performance or going in for the kiss
Why is off-brand Pedro Pascal doing a Jesse Eisenberg impression?
I'm pretty sure I've never seen 5 gum in Norway 🤔 Package looks interesting though
Walmart Pedro Pascal :)
da put da master chief in the soder
I would buy that pomegranate watermelon gum though!
Banger vid man! Let out an audible "woaaah that was a great ending!" New sub gained!
I found 5 Respawn in a Circle K while on a layover last year and it became part of my edc as a train engineer. A lot of train engineers and conductors chew gum now as it's hard to get away with smoking in the cab with inward facing cameras becoming prevalent in the last few years. I think transportation workers might be too niche of a market to advertise to, though.  The gum would have done better in the late 00's when caffeine was a meme food like bacon and you could find some really weird caffinated products, including a few other brands of gum. Jolt Cola tried the gamer gum thing too and they're not doing so well. Supposedly they're still around as a Dollar General exclusive brand now. I asked a few Dollar General stores if they carried it and they never heard of Jolt Cola.
5 was the best gum :3
Your next Video....Sponsored by "new" 5 gum! First market run one was the seller. You're right!
HOW did you go through an entire video about 5 Gum and NOT mention or play  A N Y  of the "How it feels to chew 5 gum" clips??????? 0/10  Edit: NVM ATLEAST YOU SAID IT LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO  (No I am not "too young" I am 23 I only heard of them from the meme lmao
This also applies to toys industries at times...dinosaurs on top who lost touch with the world trying to market their stuffs based on numbers and data like aliens
With that mustache, you look like a Walmart Pedro Pascal.
Someone tell this man he can chew gum with his mouth closed and not only that, you can even stop chewing for a while when talking. Crazy, I know, but you can try it if you don't believe me.
Saving the "how it feels to chew 5 gum" for the very end was SO good!
Got chills when you ended with the tag line. Now it is 20° outside and someone opened a window so maybe it was just that.  I still actually want to buy some cobalt now though, I forgot how much I liked that flavor
I was part of the original focus group before this gum came to market they showed us marketing material which didn't say it was gum or anything and asked what we thought the product would be it was interesting to hear people saying 'trips to the moon" or "harrier jet"
in the start of the video i wanted to buy some 5 gum, by the end i wanted breath mints to clean up the cringe
Got hooked on 5 in high school and am still chewing it 14 years later! I'm actually chewing a piece of Ascent as I type this out lol goofiness aside, I personally haven't found gum that I like nearly as much as their Ascent flavor. It lasts a long time, it's strong but still has some sweetness to it, and it's nice to chew. I know 5's death is coming sooner rather than later and that bums me out, but I'm still enjoying it all these years later and will continue to do so until its inevitable demise!
I actually chewed 5 Gum for a while after seeing billboards for it in Spider-Man: Web of Shadows. I used to call it my Spider-Man gum. I was a sucker for product placement.
I'm from Germany, never ever saw any of these ads or had the slightest idea that Wrigley's rebranded. I used to like Big Red, so I'm just wondering whether I could get them in a store anymore?
Those commercials are so over the top. I don't know if they even aired in my country. 5 gum kinda always just sat there on the shelves. They looked nice, but that was it.
I used to watch those original commercials and think "who watches this and thinks this is cool?" Makes so much more sense now that you explained who their target consumer was. 😅
love this video
I love the video but I'm most amazed by this mustache
17:44 Who the fuck chews gum like that? Close your mouth.
First video of yours I've seen, and I am pleased to report that I quite enjoy watching a Pedro Pascal lookalike explain things to me
Chewing gum on discord is only a problem if you ahev you mic setting absolutely shit and it picks up chewing
I miss 5 gum, if they truly brought it back I would buy it again just for nostalgia
16:46 As I'm chewing gum playing gta
In all seriousness, the biggest problem with him is most gums don't taste good anymore. They're so full of weird and practically toxic chemicals and artificial sweeteners, they're not worth buying. There's almost nothing natural left about it. Juicy Fruit used to be good. It's inedible now. Of course, price is an issue now with everyone hurting, but that's affecting everything.  If they want to make a comeback, they should just make good products. Have some natural sugar, maybe some natural flavors. Even if it doesn't last as long, at least it tastes good to begin with and isn't a poison.
Damn that was fun..Instant Sub!
11:59 I understand why 5gum never brought this campaign to my country.... Greetings from germany.
I loved 5 gum, but it disappeared from the shops one day. I was very sad.
11:37 Budweiser did the same thing with Bud Light. I remember it said something along the lines of "This Bud's for" and you could use a coin or a key to write on it.
I didn't know Pedro Pascal had a YouTube Channel 😮
Push to Talk, my man.  Push to Talk like we did back in the Ventrilo/TeamSpeak days
I remember when RPM came out. One of the most hype moments in middle school for me.
You mean it wasn't loading the gum up with dubious chemicals and toxic artificial sweeteners?
This the 2000s were so fun and creative, it was fueled by adrenaline, since the past decades and today by 2020, evething is like vegetable now, movies are shit, video games too. Evething is cringe now, like a vedgie. Plus, Everything is boring do to the adrenalineless trend.
I forgot about this gum.
why does bro look like Pedro Pascal?
Went woke, went broke. An age old story.
Funny, I feel like if they used those over the top marketing today with maybe modern visuals and shove them into tiktok or youtube shorts or ads, it would do well again lol. Then again, I can't remember the last time I got an ad for gum regardless lol
I don’t chew gum much anymore but it’s cuz they got rid of my favourite flavours! Solstice and Zing were my favourite 5 gum flavours
great video and amazing video edit skills
5 Gum was ULTRA popular at my school during the initial 5 Senses phase. And I almost never saw it again when the Life Happens in 5 thing started and I am being honest; I NEVER even saw that Truth or Dare Gum
Didn't they also get involved in a lawsuit because tried to sue them over not saying their flavor on the package cause the court ruled that "Cobalt" and "Rain" aren't flavors, so they had to add the actual flavor to their packaging? I feel like as a kid and teenager, the names added a bit of mistique to the brand, and having "PEPPERMINT" plastered all over the packaging kinda killed that curiosity and energy of the whole brand for me.
I always chewed Extra cause 5 didn't last long enough for me even though I did like how strong it was at first. I remember kids in school just randomly being like "do you chew 5 gum?" When they saw you chewing gum like I can't believe kids like that would call other people losers.
I love how their commercials are a very fine line away from torture.
for me 5 gum will forever remain as "the gum with the cool package that I had once"
I played for a counter strike team that was sponsored by Stride gum. They paid really well lol
It's interesting how a marketing campaign of that era could push the boundaries of edgy just by looking cool. Nowadays, the boundaries of edgy are way outside what companies can dare to push.
For me, someone who didn't know doritos, mtn dew, etc were gamer snacks, that sounds as weird as saying 5gum is a gamer gum. Maybe that comnection comes with time and it was worth the shot as a last effort before the brand dies.
funny cause they seem to have silently discontinued it in the uk like 5 or more years ago, and tbh i think about 5 gum annoyingly alot wishing theys till sold it here, i remember it being quite tasty
The lady in 4:14 on the right was in Warehouse 15
5 gum?? Must be trash since the other companies you mentioned have been in Australia what 30+ years
Remember seeing these in the store without any kind of adverts or whatsoever, thought they were condoms...
Ok unironically the best advertisement for 5 gum would be the stupid shit people cut into the 5 second, how it feels to chew 5 gum commercials. How it feels to chew 5 gum. *low quality video of a man jumping headfirst through a door* 5 gum, stimulate your senses. it'll work.
I think they could literally just rerun the old commercials and put the gum back on the shelves with the same old packaging and see a sales spike
I wondered where they went, as if my memory serves me right. I enjoyed these gums.
I had no idea Pedro was a video blogger.
*Me who chews gum while gaming*
As a teen buying 5 gum felt like you where buying condoms.
I don't like you 👨🏿‍🚒🚒
Do... Do some people think it's impossible to chew with your mouth closed? Like. It's not that loud. Just don't talk and chew at the same time. Breathe through your nose...
man i didnt even notice that i forgot about 5gum xD now im just sad
NGL I can't even say anything. If I buy gum it's 5
I legitimately thought that 5 Gum had been discontinued or been from a company that went under because I've only ever seen it mentioned in old memes editing the commercials, I've never seen it in stores or in ads. I just thought it didn't exist anymore.
5 gum's flavor lasts only 5 seconds, lol.
Why are you Pedro Pascal
to be fair to the “gaming gum”i think some people would chew gum while they play in order to not have other snacks in their mouth but like the people that do don’t chew like animals 💀
why did I watch this?
The only thing I really knew about 5gum was "How it feels to chew 5 gum"
until this video I've never heard of 5 gum. I also didn't know that Wrigley's still existed.
Let's remember that 5 Gum marketing team was actively bullying trans people including pushing them to 'check out' from life, you know what that means. My friend works at 5 Gum, and she told me there was an awful atmosphere, anti-lgbt and anti-black people. Disgusting
I was really hoping for a “stimulate your senses” with that women whispering it with effects, man that was nostalgia right there lol. Good video!
My mom wouldn't let me buy 5 after seeing some of the truth or dares lol
Huh. Never heard of it. Guess it didn't make it to the UK...
Honsetly ive never seen such good and tryhard marketing, I kinda respect the effort tho... they went all out and beyond :D
I just remember it being twice as expensive as normal gum, but having "fancy" takes on the normal flavors, like adding lemongrass and having a black gum. it was crazy.
The discord thing had me dying lmao
The gum was freakin gross
Portraying a whirpool as the inside of a wave is peak slow content.
Gang I loved this video you deserve more subs
I don't think chewing gum lost market share to breath mints, I think both industries' sales plummeted due to less of the target demographic smoking cigarettes and taking up vaping. People were only buying gum and mints to cover up the smell of cigarettes on their breath and now they feel like they don't have to with sweeter or odourless vapes.
It was radical. RAD. Then it just kinda became... every other gum. So I wouldn't exactly bring back this brand in small or big capacity, but... I would, since they're all basically the same thing, bring out A NEW brand, so that it's not associated with 5 Gum, and it can be... whatever it wants to be.
Disliked just for the chewing segment.
First video I've seen from this channel, good vid 👍👍
Why does this guy look like Pedro Pascal when he played Oberyn Martel???
High price is what i didnt like about 5
I missed that whole "truth or dare" campaign.
this is so weird cause I never heard about all their weird ad campaign stuff the actual company did for this gum. I only knew about the 'this is how it feels to chew 5 gum' memes and I thought this was gonna touch on that more
Don’t forget the Lexus TX they made razer.. A LEXUS TX!? Why not a gx460 atleast or something else Coveted as a performance vehicle
Who the heck chews like a cow?
highly recommend watching this while chewing 5 gum
Amazing video, well worth the 20 minutes.
“Last time I gamed and I had a pack of five, I had 75% of the pack” so you had 3.75 gum, gotcha
I remember as a kid being so disappointed when I didn't feel my whole body shake when I tried 5gum
bro i literally bought some 5 gum the other day lmao
It's always a skate park because these companies are always run by elder boomers who eternally view skateboarding as a youthful new thing, because they're stuck in the 70s and see Gen Xers are the unruly kids who are rebels.
You're working on a huge digital media project in 2020. The CEO from another continent calls a meeting to brief us on the future release.  The most excited announcement he has: "And we have a collaboration with 5 Gum!!!"  The entire team looks around, confused. Are we supposed to know what that is? And then you realise how much trouble you're in that *this* was the best part of the briefing. It did not go well.
That was actually a really good video, I liked that :)
they have the best commercial ever
“Andrew Tate chewing gum” gotta be the most accurate description for 5 gum and their advertising 😂
It wasn't even the ads it just tasted really good, and honestly it still does
Swampletics!!! Take my sub you chad man of culture.
SCP 005 is the 5Gum factory
I completely agree.. WHY is it always a skatepark... marketing culture likes eating its own tail. Great video btw.
Me, thinking back to all the girls in high school who always had Orbit gum, you guys actually bought gum?
5 gum are just edible geometry dash levels
I got an ad for gum right before this video. And then the same ad was used in this video as b roll.
I think I'd just rather smoke a cigarette at this point.
What would "Swerve" taste like? IDW Transformer fan: "A mix of metalic, a bit of an alcohol buzz, and a big dose of swlf loathing masked under jovial humour."
Seriously cackling at the fact that within one year they went from asking their consumers about shower sex to exploiting old people on their death beds to sell gum.
Thanks for making me laugh after two not so great days. This really took me back a few years and was quite funny.  I think I do remember what it feels to chew five gum now, just a little bit :)
why is pedro pascal explaining 5 gum to me?
As someone who's worked at build a bear for two and a half years, I can confirm that our hands do indeed look rough.
lots of folks chew gum while gaming...helps with stress and focus...even without 5....even better when u chew with your mouth closed
This smells like super sneaky stealth advertisement.
Im sure you get this a lot but you are like peak cartoon characature of the Canadians in South Park. I cant unsee it 😅🤣
This is bringing up some memories. Back when I worked GameStop part time we got in the Respawn gum and the energy during 2021-2022. We had a few people buy it, along with the same two kids who would always come in for V bucks and buy a couple packs. Hell my coworker and I would buy a couple packs and chew during work while my boss bought the energy powders for her drinks. We all loved the pomegranate flavor was so good. Then we stopped getting them frequently and the kids were disappointed once we stopped getting them in all together. Always did wonder what happened to Respawn.
You look a lot like Pedro Pascal
13:33 where's that train crash from?
Marketing at the beginning was so good that i stopped the video to take a gum lmao
Video that appreciates brand advertising. Slamming that subscribe button
This was the SHIT in middle school. I would’ve done some unholy things for a stick of Rain in 6th or 7th grade. I think they banned the shit by 8th grade
"do you think banging nails in walls is easy" .. yes, i do lol. good video btw
I wouldn’t have thought I’d watch this video to the end… it’s about gum. But interesting to watch.
Take me back to 2013 when the memes compared the 5 Gum logo to Drake’s hairline
I think I'm just disappointed that they made the pivot to "gamerz" too late for a flavor called, "At least I Have Chicken" to be socially relevant....
There are besides their first visual ad compaign only one that made a bigger impact and is more compelling:  Thats the ad from Levis. Levi's 2002 Odyseey (Haendel - Sarabande)
Perfect example of GUM!!! What the hell is goin on?!?!? A peppermint cooled cannonball 🤣
Besides that 5gum analysis here a few facts about bubblegum that you missed.  Actually chewing bubblegum DOES increase focus and concentration. Thats a biological and chemo-biological thing. Check the studies about that.  Actualkly chewing bubble gum can make you also more chill, relax and thus more effective in a difficult task, as you are less prone to a tunnel vision and do see more solutions, Also check the studies bout that topic.  So chewing gum in a game DOES improve your skills. And NO it has nothing to do with intgirients, so the comparison between a "power drink" and gum is not appropriate, as both work totally different.
Never thought about at until now now but they were a big part of ny childhood until I stopped using them at one point. I couldn't even tell you why.
Ah, so that what that was? Those boxes were always placed near condoms in shops as other gums are, but due to their box looks I always assumed that was some of those weird flavoured condoms, lol 😅
Flare was the best cinnamon gum it held its flavor so much better than ones like big red
you look like an off brand pedro pascal
Are you Pedro Pascal's lil brother?
You look like Pedro pascal but younger
Hi first time viewing this, had a bunch of respawn at gamestop when I used to work there a year or two ago. Boss really liked it and said the gum was apparently caffeinated? Lmao
this was great. please do more videos covering brands imploding and making super weird content.
Great Value Pedro Pascal?
I took these to school when i was 13 and sold them to other students for 50c a stick. People thought it was the coolest shit ever.
This guy looks like Javi Peña from Narcos
I chew gum while playing games, but I mostly play single player stuff or shooters with ptt mic. I tuck it in my gums like a nicotine pouch when I need to talk
You remind me of Fabio Rovazzi 😮
Best gum ever
Pedro Pascal, is that you?
Why is Pedro Pascal talking about 5 Gum?
Post hoc ergo propter hoc
ngl bruh i had to scroll down and check the date when i watched a man actually cup his hands and yell "cringe!" into a microphone without a hint of reservation. i would have done the same like 2 years ago too.  the same guy then goes on to go "who eats gum while doing something its so annoying," annoyingly. most logically consistent gamer dude lmaoooo
They need to remind us again, or they actually don't. After all, cmon, it's just a gum and falls from grace such as this one never fail to amuse, when you remind yourself, that they are just trying to sell chewing gum like it's god knows what. Just buy any gum and pretend with friends that You are having orgasm when swimming in lava or whatever, that'll be both funnier and cheaper
I remember being extremely disappointed with the taste of 5 gum when I tried it for the first time
You’ve got me brainstorming solutions: talk about dental health and the problems that chewing sugar free gum might prevent. Show real people who do cool stuff (competition skateboarders, snowboarders, sky divers, drummers, poker players, I dunno, whatever) talking about their craft, popping a stick of 5, then jumping into the half up, etc. Or it could be about real people who do normal stuff (but happen to look cool while doing it) talking about the focus and confidence they need to do their thing well, which gum can help with (e.g. researchers, inventors, writers, med or law school students, people who work closely with people and need good breath, etc.). Okay. back to thinking about not getting fired for wasting time on YouTube comments.
Don't hotmike when you're chewing, it's pretty simple. Also chewing the gum helps you with jitters.
You look a lot like Pedro Pascal
bro who chews gum like that
When are people going to realize marketing is all bullshit and that a good product will sell itself.
I could even imagine a new "How it feels to chew 5 Gum" ad leaning into the nostalgia too. Chewing the gum isn't just a physical sensation, but it transports you back to when you were a kid, seeing the old ads on a CRT TV
How it chews to gum five feels.  Gum gum. Sence your stimulate.
This made me realize that they aren't sold in Spain anymore and I didn't even notice lol.
But you're eating when your not hungry, it's better to chew gum. That dude totally eats with his mouth open all the time 18:18
Honestly their ad campaigns worked because I still want to know how it feels to chew 5gum.
Lmao stopped watching TV around 2014, so glad I never saw any of these new commercials
It was the “how it feels to chew 5 gum” for me as a kid. Then that winter mint one they made had my ass in a chokehold
I loved your video discount Pedro Pascal, keep it up
They should just sponsor antifa and the proud boys simultaneously if they want to be edgy again.
The one that tasted like Redbull tho
I remember always having the Cobalt when I was a 12-13 year old xD
RPM was my favorite flavor BY FAR and the others were bomb too. Five was so badass BECAUSE of the flavors that no other gum brand did. It’s so sad XC
youtube tried to serve me an add every 2 mins on your video
Over time people realised that walking around constantly chewing like an autistic camel makes you look really stupid.
How it chews to feel fum give
That mustache looks dope
Pedro Pascal is 20 years younger now
u just chew loud
bro has the roblox background music
0:20 Also, the five minutes the flavour lasts.
Really? I never had that gum... do tell.
I’m impressed to say I watched a 20min video on 5gum. Great video
where ya get the electric eel tho? 🤔
Their gum is still so much better than other stuff
Interesting, I've never heard of this gum. I am older, though. I haven't had gum since the 90s.
Pedro pascal lookin ass
Fun fact:This was before they made wrigleys believe it or not
I'm from Australia and those ads made it all the way over here in the mid to late 00s.
Why tf did I just watch a documentary on bubble gum.
Having you dance around the slogan all video and then finishing with “how it feels to choose 5 gum” was like YouTube content edging. Such a good video didn’t think I’d care about gum for 20 mins but we’ll done
honestly they should just bring back "stimulate your senses" and use war footage in the ad's
I don’t remember seeing any of these ads at all.
"who chews gum whilst gaming?"   I chew when i game so im not grinding my teeth in annoyance LOL  The real question is who chews gum like theyre a goat?
The SwampMan!
it sounds like yumyulack is narrating this
Gum is food?
Maybe I'm just being bitterly nostalgic, but seeing a product's marketing go from edgy, over-the-top, avant-garde, and mysterious to generic "how do you do fellow 20-somethings" isn't just lame, it's pathetic. Yeah they were just gum commercials, but they were unique and had some soul.
There is no doubt in my mind that vaping has grossly injured the gum industry
i think they should just put LSD in the gumb
I’ve seen the “how it feels to chew 5 gum” more times plastered over car crashes and industrial accidents than the actual ads
The og commercials for 5 were the primary inspiration behind both the cauldrons in Horizon: Zero Dawn/Forbidden West, and the entire game of Control.
I can't understand how much of a deal is given by chewing gum, like cmon! It's fucking chewing gum? you take it, chew it and throw it. Thats it. I only care of how it tastes, how long does the taste last and if it provides a nice chewing experience (like if its too hard or it dissolves i don't want it) And price, it's literally sweetened tree sap so I don't want to pay much for it. All of that marketing is money wasted to me
I loved your video, zoomer Pedro Pascal
I can tell you for certain that rain did not taste like rain. At all.
I was 13 in 07 lmao 5 gum had me by the balls then 😂
As a kid who was OBSESSED with shows and movies like Bionicle, Dragon racers, storm hawks, that one child of light 3D show on Nick Toon, I loved 5Gum and even wanted there to be some sort of edgy cool futuristic game or movie set around this gum. a fucking gum based game lmao.
the 2019 gamer play was the first thing in a long time that made sense. i remember going to the halo 3 midnight release in person (i know unbelievable) where there were marketers handing out mountain dew and 5 gum. ive thought of 5 gum as an xbox tag-along brand ever since
the mustache make you look like Joel from the last of us tv show
I know I'm in the minority, but I miss 5's Lush flavor
I always wondered what happened to 5 gum. Guess nothing besides becoming irrelevant by changing the original marketing
15:00 - u know what? I need this stuff! I not smoking for half a year, and the only thing is bothering me is - no smoke between games, and there is this shit, it’s not bad idea actually, not really a bad ending…
It kinda feels that 5 gum is mutually exclusive with Lynx/Axe. Thinking back, the boys either smelt of Lynx or had the sound of continuously chewing 5 gum and all of them going through a pack/can per day
Goddamit, now i want some gum, but ion have any :/
5 sponsored an event at my freshman orientation when they were doing their truth or dare. I almost got a Mohawk
No idea how I landed here but this was a nicely put together video. You’re a great presenter! May the algorithm be kind to you buddy.
That marketing campaign was amazing. Ngl
Why is Pedro Pascal reviewing gum?
I just want them to bring back React… that flavor was so bomb. React 2 sucks.
I mean... I specifically chew gum when playing competitive games lol. I liken it to that old trick for public speaking where you chew gum so your brain goes "I can't be in trouble if I'm eating something right now" and as a result it starts to abandon that final edge of energy that can push you into bad decisions. I don't know about that being a gamer thing over all, I'm just saying I'm probably not alone.
STIMULATE YOUR SENSES
You look like javier peña from narcos
Why is Pedro Pascal talking about gum.
I stopped chewing gum when they removed the sugar; it is next to impossible to buy gum now without aspartame.
Never thought I'd find myself watching a video of Pedro Pascal tearing apart a defunct gum brand. Good video 👍
7:44 Quagmire
I think the problem is TMJ, not advertising. ❤
I don't really pay attention to brands and I thought that 5gum existed exclusively as a meme, like bepis
Holy shit it’s Pedro Pascal Lite
very interesting, thank you Pedro Pascal
it's like once edgy companies targeted towards male adolescents (like monster, axe, xbox etc) just kill the golden egg laying goose for no reason at all.
Wrigley forgot whats it's like to chew 5 gum.
Started watching for the title and a trip down memory lane. Stayed for the mustache.
I remember when 5-gum first came out with those ads and I remember it being hyped as hell.
15:47 Old Razer was so good though!!  Their OG Black Mamba keyboard and Naga mouse were awesome!  I even have my old Tartarus!  But then...the lights changed.  It went from green to blue, then green, then back to blue again, until suddenly _RGB ALL THE THINGS_  and I do mean EVERYTHING (even chairs!)    Even that was okay, for a while, but they just didn't stop.   Suddenly Razer's got 20+ keyboards (just keyboards) and they're making full blown laptops!  (Which ranged from ridiculous to pointless).  The product lines kept expanding (so did the prices) and suddenly I get this feeling that everything is all lights and no substance.   Razer had become the Apple of Gaming.    And just like Apple, they got rich and their brains rotted out.  Idk if they got bought out or something but once they made a touchscreen laptop?  It was all downhill.   Product quality started dropping drastically.  The required software to run it got more bigger, glitchy-er, & heavier.  It started spying on you (and "optimizing" your game settings??), split into 3 pieces, stopped working, and was always running?!  Just like iTunes: it doesn't work, but good luck getting rid of it.    I look up one day, and Razer's making headphones with cat ears on them.   F*cking _cat ears_ y'all!   Razer always sucked at audio, so I knew they were trash but *_really_* ???   The Great Pandering was complete.  Everything Razer made had become poorly made crap.  I do still have a keyboard of theirs, the Ornata, and my OG Naga mouse to play MMOs with, but I probably won't buy anything from them ever again.  The software alone is enough reason to stay away.  I don't wanna sign into a keyboard account so Razer can log my keystrokes and sell them to God knows who!    Sad story, bro.  So much greatness turned into equally massive pile of 🐕💩
17:25 yeah of course someone gets mad when you shove the mic into your mouth while chewing literally anything.  If you chew gum while gaming and remain vaguely sane about it, it's not an issue at all. Source: I'm near-enough addicted to chewing gum (never 5 though 'cause it costs too much) and play games with friends very often.
I miss when advertisers actually knew what they were doing.
I bought some 5 gum when it first came out because I was curious. Found it fairly tasteless, and never thought about it again.
how it chews to gum five feels
10:50 Ah yes, the days when Millennials were the "hot youths" out at clubs, kissing randos, and doing skateboard tricks...  Now I'm 35 and have the body of a potato 🥲
The contraptions in those commercials are like PG saw traps
Damn Pedro Pascal knows alot about 5 gum
captivating gum? huh
You look like Pedro Pascal if he never lost his virginity.
I only know about 5 Gum from those old Vines
liked for the swampletics poster. swamp man good.
I'm real mad you put subscribe at the end cuz I was gunnna!
"People that like andre tate" snickers the YOUTUBER
Totally not sitting watching this vid chewing some 5 Gum... It's just the cheapest to buy in bulk here xD  Edit: was it meant to be discontinued in Aus? Buying it loads here lol Also got an oral fixation thanks to autism/ADHD, so chewing gum while gaming checks out
and yet somehow it's some of the most lame tasting gum I've ever tried
Bro, If you are eating Cheetos, drinking Few/G-fuel etc (let alone vaping), chewing some sugar free gum is a really good idea. Your poor teeth need some help.
Honestly I dont see how their old marketing campaign would work nowadays, it was the perfect level of edgy for the early 2010s but it would be to cringe now. I dont thing their image is salvageable, they tried to much different shit over the years, also like you said gum is dieing.
Ngl. I enjoyed this video more than fapping. Subscribed.
I unironically prefer to game while chewing gum; if I am not chewing, I just mindlessly want to snack despite being hungry. If I chew gum i don’t get hungry and I can pay attention better 😅
This video made me want to get a pack of 5
I think another point of blame (if it is widespread as I think it is) was schools no longer punishing kids for chewing gum. It happened sometime in my sophomore year around 2012-2013. Teachers didn't care, just don't chew loudly or pop loud bubbles and throw it away in the trash can. The amount of kids chewing gum to break the rules was down and suddenly I couldn't bum a stick of gum from my buddies like I used to.
Brads wife used to love 5 gum.
Was 5 Gum ever sold or advertised in Europe? Never heard of it before.
Chewing gum while playing video games can provide Player 1 with flavor without eating, thus saving them money on food. 2 pieces of gum replaces a bag of chips and a can of soda, saving money and health by providing an alternative to extremely unhealthy snack foods. Fewer clogged arteries and more money in the pocket is an easy win for Player 1....
Not this video being what made me realize that the phrase "How it feels to chew five gum" is not talking about how it feels to chew five pieces of gum at once and is in fact talking about an actual brand of gum
Although I hardly ever hear of people using gum to improve their performance in a game I have heard this ONE time. One guy I know was going for a Quake speed  record and tried different gums and apparently chewing helped him perform better.
While watching this video(good so far btw first video I've seen from your channel youtube algo doing the work). All im thinking is "Mom I want Pedro Pascal" Sweetie we have Pedro Pascal at home. Pedro Pascal at home _____.
Maybe Wrigley should start pricing their gum at the price of what gum should be.   In Aus, the price alone is a turn off.
So.... This guy grew up after Fruitopia ads i'm guessing...
Does it matter? Its still the same gum isnt it? Or do you like to buy stuff soley based on marketing?
You look like nerd Pedro pascal
i had to restart the intro cuz all i could think was "generic brand pedro pascal"
see, i like five gum because it actually lasts and has a good flavour; the wintermint ones especially. I was not watching television in the late 00's much so I completely missed the marketing lol
oh god remember those breath strips?
Rain's commercial was the original "Omni-Directional Mobility Gear" from Attack on Titan. 🧗‍♀️
dunno why i watched that the only thing i know about 5 gum is that meme about senses
wait, was that SmallAnt in the 5 gum gamer commercial?
goob vibeo
I thought the 5 Gum ads were really stupid but the gum I liked because it had a strong flavor that seemed to last longer.
4:30 lmfao
I think people have just realized gum is really gross.
If gamers are thrilled about the gamer gum, wait till they learn about nicorette gum
while everyone was staying stocked up with the 5 gum. I stayed chewing my trident layers. superior gum imo
Fredo Pascal lookin ass
RBG facemasks, oh my god that sure got swept under the rug real quick
Change from a male dominated marketing team, to a predominately female team, is my guess.
The marketing was wild but they're actually great. They last longer than most gums.
SOLID
I remember they used to be so packed with whatever made the flavor that it was damn near an air freshener and coated the inside of my bookbag with the smell of "Cobalt" or "Elixir." I don't care how ridiculous the early ads were, I'll never forget them. "How it feels to chew 5 gum...Stimulate your senses.." is our sleeper agent activation phrase.
Thank you young, skinny version of Pedro Pascal.
I liked 5 gum, good flavor, and package kind of felt like cigarettes. Helped me quit, then I saw "Son of a biscuit eating bull dog." and became an orbit boy.
Bud, these edits are very ADHD inducing, just saying
You didn't end the video with some phony outlandish stunt? Missed opportunity man. All the research was good though, so you still get academic props though i guess.
honestly? it worked
9:10 - Be sure to avoid that Pfizer gum.
My highschool was next to a superstore, would always go for walks through the snack aisles at lunch. Grabbed a 6 pack of 5 off the shelf.  "5 Gum" *smack friend over the back of the head* "Stimulate your senses"
I remember 5 having such a meme factor in elementary/middle school. Kids would often yell “how it feels to chew 5 gum” before doing something stupid/intense/silly like using a can of axe body spray and a lighter as a tiny flamethrower or jumping into a cold lake in January or flushing a toilet. It was pretty funny, and it pretty much petered out and stopped around the same time the commercials changed from the over the top sci-fi experiences to pandering to youth
If gum comapnies stopped using aspertame theyd have more sales tbh
17:25 why would you chew gun like that? close your mouth bro 🤣bad repressentation , I'd just tell my friend to be more civilized and hcew with his damn mouth closed
The nostalgia of seeing 5's old, over-the-top marketing makes me fondly remember that era of my life. Call of Duty, Halo, 5, even things like Bionicle, all held a truly unique kind of carefree but awesome style that's been completely lost nowadays with the push for "down to earth" and "relatable". Ugh. There was truly nothing else like the 2000s.
The branding for 5 is what made me choose it over stride. Stride commercials were funnier and had better flavors imo... but 5 just looked and felt cool. Even the wrappers were colored which looked cool on the metallic thing they use.
I feel like the chewing gum loudly in a discord call is a you problem. Didn't anyone teach you not to chew with your mouth open? Don't snack your lips and chew open mouthed, your not a cow.
😂
I sometimes chew gum while gaming, not 5 gum tho. Orbit only to keep my teeth somewhat clean
The idea of Respawn is genius, the execution, marketing and general tone is a massive disaster.
I don't think it got that big a push in the UK and wasn't hugely available. I think I saw the new look packets by the till in my local corner shop and thought it was cool. Bought a different flavour the next week and then I never saw it again.
I remember being absolutely sold on 5 gum by watching those original adverts. "How it feels to chew 5 gum", such a simple and brilliant advertising campaign and I love how you intentionally didn't say it until the end of the video for more impact.
[2:27] Those are the hands of a bro who lifts.
I really loved the colors of their wrappers when I was in Jr. High
Absolutely incredible ending
I think the most hilarious thing about the "leaked" Wrigley marketing video is how it says theyre failing to connect with "modern milennials" when the youngest milennials are like 23
The craziest thing is that Wrigley has a ton of other brands they could have tried all these stupid ideas with
All I can say about that outro is, brilliant
I use to buy it cuz the advertising and packaging lololol! Dumb teenage boy
you lost your like with that lipsmacking BS holy crap don't subject your audience to that kind of shit
Gum is not a part of "gamer culture", but I like gum, and I chew gum while gaming, and I'm sure some other people do as well.
never liked 5 gum. It was very.. mid.
16:34 I love how this guy is just mashing both mouse buttons like you do when you're gaming as intense as he is (i aspire to be like him)
12:55 "MAKE NOT WAR LOVE" and "YES GIRL CAn" are the greatest protest signs of all time
10:46 they talk about "modern millenials" but seem to forget that the youngest millennials are in their mid 20s and the oldest are 30+ in 2018
"Who chews gum while playing games?". Lol, fuck tons of people. You just don't notice because they aren't chewing like a fucking moron. I felt like that was an anti-gum ad made by a 5 year old.
they had a flavor that i swear was cough syrup.
Do any of you remember peeling of the backs off the wrappers and sticking the foil to your notebooks? XD
The gum chewing in the mic was so funny
I mean the claim of improving focus isnt entierly wrong but thats just kinda a thing with gum. Dosnt matter the kind really
How does something taste line ascent??
Dear 5 gum, if you make a commercial where some guy watching a modern 5 gum commercial, before destroying the TV, and then he destroys a bunch of TVs in a cement lab, before cutting to "5 gum. Stimulate your senses." I will immediately buy a pack of 5 gum.
5 Gum was my first business ever!  I so loved that this Video popped up in my Feed!   I was in middle school and we were all amazed by 5 gum! The ads were epic!  The packing looked cool and was immediately recognizable! The tastes were interesting!  They mad gum cool again BUT it also was expensive as heck!  Like more than twice the price than other brands!  So my friends rarely could afford them.  And everytime someone DID: He was getting besieged.😂  But then it happened!   I found a small "1 Euro Store" in town where everything was well ... 1 Euro.  EVEN the 5Gum!   I couldn't even believe it.  So I bought a pair. And sold one to a classmate at school the next day.  And then i took a chance.  I invested ALL my leftover pocketmoney in 1€ 5Gum and well ...   The rest is history.
Hunters have known about the b vitamins for years. They give hunting dogs a b vitamin injection and they get so much energy they will run themselves to lethal exhaustion if you aren't careful.
My dad chewed five gum. I always thought it was too intense as a kid. That's why he liked it. It helped with bad breath LOL. But also he liked the ads and packaging. Dad's are just middle schoolers at heart though lmao.   He did switch to mints eventually but that was probably because it wasn't as time consuming.
Ah... 'gamers.' My least favorite community for my favorite hobby.
ah yes, the monster energy of the gum world. I kinda like it tbh, would be sad if its gone. Its probably the only gum I buy from time to time.
5 gum still has the longest lasting flavour of any gum I've tried. If you know a better gun, let me know
Thanks for this video, Pedro Pascak
Bruh if I hear someone chewing gum on the mic I'm turning off the game fuck that
Your discord test was horrable. But the video was okay.
So I would actually choose gum when gaming. It makes your blood flow to your head and chewing in general makes me more focused. For learning too.
Damn i remember the times... back then anyone who had a 5 gum at school suddenly had a bunch of people around them trying to get one :P
2/5 stars. As a whole, a rather decent piece. but for the segment at 17:00 he deserves a punch for in the mouth for being willfully obtuse and obnoxious. Is gum really a "gamer" item? No. And neither are doritos or any other food product. And yes, you can chew gum while playing. Not only in solo games - which are a thing, you know? - but alos in chats. You know you can chew in silent without being a twat for no reason. First and last video I`ve seen here.
5 should market to the same people who used to buy it people like me, edgy transfems who were in the closet LMAO
they could also lean into the meme around it
I miss the mango flavour 5...
"Ever tried lying on a thousand vibrating cell phones?" *cumming intensely* Thiiiiiiis is what it feels like to chew 5 Gum!
Lmao that chick holding a small "STOP" card. Never laughed so much about a video about gum. Well done
Why is Pedro Pascal's younger brother telling me about gum, and why am I so invested in learning this?
Looks like Wrigleys decided to put women in charge of their marketing. Oops.
I agree, 5 gum needs to go back to it's roots. I grew up before the drop, their gum was everywhere.
It really was the "cool" gum of Jr. High
It is extremely obvious that they fired the good marketing people to cut costs and then cycled through loads of cheap, incompetent managers. Every single one came in and did something weird, bad, and different. All to make their mark, and none of them worked.
I origonally thought this gum had nicotine or hemp in it. I was old enough just in case so I tried it.  Axe Body Spray of gum is SO ACCURATE.
Don't you have the new kind of 5 gum in America? Here in Germany, they don't have these  stripes anymore, they are little squares now and I hate it
the outro of the older 5 gum commercial has been absolutely vandalized by the memes.
As a kid, I didn't want to buy 5gum because I'm a picky eater and want to know exactly how something will taste before I put it in my mouth, and 5gum's weird names meant I didn't know what flavor the gum would be. So instead I'd just look for whichever gum I could find with the word "cinnamon" on it.
Bro why do you look so much like Pedro Pascal
You leave the Master Chief Doritos alone.
This is the first time I've heard of this gum brand, and I feel incredibly stupid realizing now that all those "how it feels to chew 5 gum" memes wasn't in the sense of "... five pieces of gum at once"
I loved 5 ...didnt know where they went
Pedro Pascal Rizz?
@17:50 not to mention have you ever tried to chew gum and wear headphones?
The discord call is a great representation for the issue. Thanks for a great entertaining video!
Those build a bear hands have some sick lifting calluses on them
I'm 100% convinced that this is the result of the talent leaving for bigger, better things and Wrigley never being able to replace them.  Gotta keep your exceptional talent
i chew gum all the time while doing shit on the computer and especially when gaming, i just never play with people so they don't have to experience the horror of incessant lip smacking
They could have just given free reign to memers to make more hilarious ''How it feels to chew 5 Gum'' memes, review them for safety and quality control and putting up the best ones for a vote so people could pick the funniest ones and then those get used for ads. This would have been the one time where a corporation forcing a meme could have worked in their favor. The crazy, mysterious and over the top ads were their most successful ads, idk why they thought there was an issue with branding and not just the general loss of popularity of chewing gum.
I stayed away from 5 especially because of their absurd marketing. I don't want to chew a volcano, I want to know what kind of flavor to expect when I hand over money.
Advertising in general is pretty much a thing of the past.  They still manage to slip it in here and there, but people have figured out ways to almost entirely avoid it today.
so another gowokegobroke advertising campain.
Good take, dollar store Pedro Pascal
More like 6-16 year old kids were the target…..  Totally ridiculous i hates all these ads be it powerade, axe,5 gum, and whatnot
Did you know that chewing gum mostly consists of oil refinery byproducts? Yeah kids. Enjoy chewing on dinosaur remains.
11:34 lmao  died
Always wondered what happened with those commercials. Considering they seem to control a fairly large % of the gum products - I don't get why /everything/ they tried had to be under the '5' brand. Rebrand some of the other staple gum products as their "old people with regrets" or "gamer" gum. And, yeah, while I can possibly see gum being useful for focus (I find it helps keep me calmer on long stressful drives), it is kinda a no-go for any voice-heavy multiplayer, streaming, and/or video recording.
Is this Jeff Randel from Clarence?
Dude I thought you were Pedro Pascal
17:42 missed opportunity to reply with "This is how it feels to chew 5 gum"
I love making fun of crappy capitalism. But also I loved that gum in school. 2006 high school was peak cringe for me
man i used to see it on the shelf and say what an overrated packaging for a gum and get the usual arrow gum
yeah i ne ver chewed on 5. never have, prolly never will but their ads- werent annoying which is a special trait commendable even.
Honestly, I think the fall of gum in general is due to kids being taught from a young age since the 2000's or so that they aren't allowed to have it. Parents didn't want kids to chew gum in case it somehow gets in the carpet, or hair, or other places it shouldn't. Schools didn't want you to have gum because it was so commonplace to just stick it underneath your desk. The problem with gum is how it gets disposed of afterwards. If it goes anywhere but the trash, it's a problem. Maybe even in the trash it's a problem but I'm no expert on landfills. Breath mints and the like are much easier as there's no disposal aspect of it. They taste the same, but with one less step.
On that last part:  Chewing gum is a stimulating and has obvious ties to focus just in the masticulation of the chewy substance. Its like "chewing? Must be eating then, so I guess I'm not starving, I am now not thinking about survival and can focus on other tasks".   Additonally there is a massive difference between a Nootropic substance such as root, mushroom, and plants extracts, and the energizing effects of caffeine. Basically, drinking and energy drink could actually do less to focus your mind on a game than an energy drink depending on whats in them. So yes, despite how it might seem to you, RAZER and Wrigley's did in fact make a useful product for gamers. Honestly, there is very little besides crass marketing coming out at the same time as heartfelt marketing that Wrigley's did that was at all strange or wrong. They wanted to target a demographic, thought of ways to do so, and did so. Nothiong wrong with that. Also, the same goes for RAZER. Nice video, but I find it strange just how forced all the criticism, or indirect criticism was, try to tone that down or be a bit more on the mark with the commentary in the future.
Glad to see Pedro Pascal started his own YouTube channel
"Guys who are into Andrew Tate now, I dunno" are Zoomers. 15-25 year olds in 2007 were Milennials. We are 34-44 years old now. I think you got a little confused.
The discord bit cracked me up good !
ITs worth bringing up that several years ago wrigly was bought out by mars and has a pretty large diaspora of experienced employees in their factories
honestly if they just brought back the how it feels to chew 5 gum ads to nostalgia bait us they'd be so successful
okay cmon. the cobalt flavor was on another level. i haven't been able to find it anywhere for years and i miss it so much
I agree. The 5 gum memes have lived on while all the forgettable  cringe marketing has died away. If they ever want to recapture some of that former glory, Wrigley just needs to remember what it's like to chew 5 gum.
I feel like this entire video was made just to make that ending punchline
"WE Can't Gank top like that." I love that quote
You look like Javier from Narcos
The fact that "how it feels to chew 5 gum" followed by a scene of intense violence or harm got big as a meme congruently to 5 messing up its own advertising says a lot.
I miss the 5 gum tropical flavors they were the best!
I am a Gum Gamer. I chew gum while gaming (alone). We exist. There are dozens.
That gum discord call was legitimately the worst thing I've heard in a long time, thanks. Anyway, this video confirms my theory that advertising is the most cynical industry out there.
Video was fine until the grossly exaggerated discord call part. No one chews like that unless you are some sort of special needs. Kinda dilutes your other opinions on the subject. Its a shame because up util that point everything was reasonable
The og 5 gum ads are honestly one of my favourite examples of how advertisements can be genuine art. A shame they fell off like that
If you’ve ever chewed 5 gum or any gum whilst under the influence of psychedelics, the “stimulate your senses” slogan makes so much sense
Wow huh cool maybe
Watching those commercials as a kid made me want to try drugs. Not even kidding lmao (Obviously there were some other things going on in my life 😂)
This video made me realise why I have the tendency that I do... I may be the sole 5 gum chewer in the country.
Bro looks like Javier Peña from the show Narcos 💀
Why do you look like A younger Pedro Pascal?
I think 5 is a gum for people who don't really chew gum.  That is, people who don't keep on chewing it for a long time, but just experience the flavor and get some breath freshening, then spit it out as soon as it goes flat.  Hence, the front-loading of intense flavor.
5 gum: the gum that, if it fell out of your backpack, made your teacher think you were carrying around condoms
Shouts out to the 905 and 416
Very informative
If any brands marketed their products like this in this day, I would fall right into it fr
Five was basically currency at my middle school around 2010. Strange to see how the brand declined.
I actually tried the gamer gum, I laughed at it first but as someone who loves gum I wondered what does watermelon pomegranate gum taste like?
10/10 ending
This video was the best advert I've seen for 5 Gum in years.
This is the first time I have came across your channel but after watching I instantly subbed.  Not only was it well presented & edited but also very informative without getting overly serious, while managing to be outright hilarious at certain points.  It makes a nice change from the majority of the low effort crap on YouTube that's thrown together & narrated by AI.  If this is going to be the quality of your content then I predict great things for your channel and I can see it easily going from strength to strength.  Regardless I wish you every success in your future endeavours, much respect from a new fan in Scotland.
I love how not only 5 but also other companies (Razer too) always have these dumb one-word names for their products and they always choose specific "cool" letters. Like "yeah! We have an R! We got a K in out name, and an X too! a Z?? how sick right? I love me an H!". Love it
I used to chew gum everyday as a kid and now I haven’t had any in years and I can honestly say I didn’t even notice stopping. Idk why that is
I thought this would be about the 5 Gum meme
Ur fingers don’t get dirty with gum so it’s a good idea to eat gum as a snack (kinda)
15:35 If only they'd done this when cybergoth first started.
15:21 Razer's slogan should be; Video Games Are Everything.
The green 5 gum was soooo incredibly good. I remember going through full packs on ecstacy and it was like an orgasm for your tastebuds.
They should just jump on meme 'how it feels to chew 5 gum' trend and continue in over the top direction
Your game made me realise that I could be one of the few people here playng and chewing gums ... REGULARLY!
OK Pedro Pascal
this video just made me realize i haven't genuinely thought about chewing gum in earnest since i was in elementary school (when these ads were airing)
Imagine not using krisp when you're on discord couldn't be me
I just remember that it was way more expensive than other gums, tried it once, saw that it's not worth the money and never bought it again. I've just attributed the overblown marketing campaign to corporate greed and moved on.
honestly all they gotta do is blast us with one crazy ass ad and im back on the 5 train i will buy 5 gum if they like have a homeless guy smoking crack show it has no effect on him then he eats 5 and goes mental
This video simulated my senses
Yeah i remember seeing those adds all the time everywhere and...they made me not want to try their stuff.
yeah, people chew gum and play games like that. if you do, your just disrespectful.
The zombie road trip music around 10:10 jumpscared me, I thought everyone had collectively forgotten about that game lmao
Packet looks like condom packet from Nepal
With the last segment, unless you are a tiktok girl or millennial who is a receptionist at a hospital or hotel, you aren't gonna chew your gum with an open mouth. if you are an actual man, that is. ADHD kids, which most are addicted to video games, will chew gum and do 5 other things while playing their favorite games.
The guy chewing loudly over voice chat and then saying, ".... It's GUM!" Had me laughing out loud.
The Bionicle era.
Man watching a company flail around in confusion is just so much fun
Sugarfree gum can cause laxative effects, so for the gaming/vtuber community... I feel your suffering
Admired the boxes. Never tried. I think maybe your wrap up at the very end both hits the nail and utterly misses the mark. I bet that what happened was people bought gum. And people found out what it was like to chew gum. It's like... chewing gum. EVEN IF it comes in a nice outdated box.  They could have a good launch back when nobody knew what it was like to chew THIS gum and with enough hoopla people (note : inexperienced kids) might think this was different. And try it. But then they learned. It's gum. Gum is so inherently lame we have "walk and chew gum".  I remember when squirty gum came out. What was it like to chew cum gum? After the first 0.25 seconds, it was like chewing gum.  I remember when Hubba Bubba came out. What was it like to chew Hubba Bubba? It was almost like chewing gum but a bit... fluffier. For five minutes. Then it became like chewing gum.  Look, chewing gum is so banal they piled extra meanings on the term in order to bulk it out. chewing gum : gum for chewing chewing gum : the act of masticating gum for chewing  AND masticating itself comes from mastic. Proto-gum.
What are "countries like Australia"? I can think of one.
Back before online gaming became huge and everyone had a mic, I knew a few people who chewed gum while gaming. There were plenty of guys who seemed to be chewing gum 16 hrs a day. As you stated though, I think this became less prevalent with chat rooms and mic etiquette becoming a thing.
I truly admite your strong feelings for this chewing gum brand
Mars bought wrigleys in 2016
This was an entertaining and well researched video. I don't think we have five gum in the UK but I definitely remember having chuddy with similar packaging when I was a teenager. Maybe it's one of those things where it was in the UK but they called it something different for some reason.
17:43 SOUNDS LIKE SELF NAUGHTIES. xD   Anyway they stopped having hot models in favor of weird hipster with zero sex appeal and they wonder why they have zero cultural relevance. Gum is trashy an unhealthy to begin with but people are far more likely to buy it if they associate it with beauty. :)
14:12 Internet Historian that you?
The ladies when they find out I chew 5:
I hadn't even noticed this disappeared from shelves
crazy how 5 just went downhill from the initial release lmao
Normally when I'm gaming I have a Dr pepper and a vuse alto vape by my side but now I'm trying to quit/cut out both of those so now I do chew gum when I play videogames.
the five gum ads have spawned a great meme format
Tbh the first 5 gum ad I’ve ever seen was the green one on the box and it was the coolest thing ever. I never had an ad catch me this hard ever again. This was 100% the last ad where i went to the store and HAD to try the product. This shit hitted different!
You are not such a great actor, you also do great YouTube documentary. You are amazing Pedro Pascal!
The Razer Kraken cat ears are still dope though...
didn't 5 gum had a huge ARG at some point?
Shortest lasting flavor on the shelf. Although im very interested to try the pomegrenate flavor
Well, my senses have been stimulated
Respawn, the gum itself, was actually quite good, too bad it vanished
how does it feel tho
That vine did more for their marketing than anything they've done in the past decade. Honestly they could just put it on TV and it would do numbers.
LOL When your product falls out of style, let's not try making something that people want, let's try making people want what we want to make. Marketing has way too much power, and way too many executives think it can solve basic economic problems.
6:38 yeah but thats just Wrigley's too 😭
7:57 watch from here onwards
Lost me a bit with "who chews gum and games" lol.  I specifically chew gum a lot because I've quit smoking and I would usually go for a smoke after a frustrating match or something.  Also keeps you from killing yourself with junk food and gives "background noise" in my head to blunt the effects of ADHD.  That being said, I don't chew loudly and I keep my mic muted when I don't need it
This was pretty good for an ad
Listening to you, I hear Coffeezilla, so uncanny.
Seeing the 1.00 gum took me out
12:55 - MAKE not war LOVE
Okay Pedro Pascal
5 gum cobalt still has a chokehold on my sister. every year for her birthday she gets 6 entire boxes as her supply for the coming year
I’m 23 and this was like having takis or hot fries in school but gum😂, solstice was the one fr.
anyone: wrigley: hello fellow kids. hahah. aren't our ads so relatable? PLEASE BUY OUR GUM
You want relatable cool-chad youth marketing? Show me a bunch of young guys 3D printing illegal machine guns, doing blow off them and then testing them innawoods while they chew 5 Gum. Not jiggling and jiving in a SKATEPARK like some crackhead Basketball Americans at 2am near their Section 8 housing block.
13:35 Gawd, if you're going to have a bunch of older folks on a 5 Gum ad, why isn't it about the wild experiences they had when they were younger? Or bucking the trend and still doing today? Where's the old rockers reminiscing on how they rebelled against their own parents/society in order to experience forbidden "sensations"? Why make it a tear-jerker and not a celebration of pushing your sensory experience, given what the brand had been about until that point?
Thanks Pedro Pascal at home.
Funnily enough, it was around the mid 2010s that Five showed up here in Bulgaria for the first time with those original extreme sensations ads, and they pushed them HARD for a while. But I dont know a single person who's ever tried them.  Nowadays I couldnt even tell you if they still bother importing these here. I never buy gum so my brain skips over that part of the supermarket. And if they still run ads, they dont make enough of an impression for me to remember seeing them.
Didnt even know it was a thing.  Been using their gum for years. Never knew about their marketing.  As long as its not woke ill keep buying.  Also, as a gamer thats been to a few tournaments.  Nerds could use a few packs of gum.
I'm not watching a video made by someone who doesn't know how to hang a picture
140 bpm and pure MDMA was the market but Orbit definitely has that one. Shit will put you in Orbit.
Soooooo... they hired the middle schoolers they originally marketed to.
I once ate a whole pack of 5 gum at school then vomited whilest playing sport not long after, fun times
This is a great video man! Entertaining the whole way through, and very informative. This certainly brought me back to my middle school days... I'm also surprised you only have 107k subs. You earned another one today though! 👍
If they brought the old slogan back i would chew 5 gum until… idk… something really drastic happened
That conclusion was the bravest thing I've ever seen. Im crying and shitting and cumming right now
Lol is that a mr.ryme
Why do you look like a Kroger Brand Pedro Pascal?
Pedro Pascal clone💀
Maybe if you wouldnt chew like a f ing animal, people in discord wouldnt notice that you chew gum
It’s almost like the more the consumers chewed on their products the less they were enjoyed 🙂
Why is Pedro Pascal talkin to me about fkin gum
i might sound like an asshat here, but during your add break i nearly lost it...a grown man telling us its super difficult to hang a picture on the wall... dude  i hope you are at least able to tie your own shoe laces.  either you are serious about you being unable to hammer a nail in the wall, or you are seriously thinking your target audience is incapable of doing such simple tasks ...both would be a shame.  that must be some generational difference. if nowadays grown persons are unable to do the simplest handywork tasks....im losing all hope in mankind. XD  but i guess you just couldnt come up with a better script for the add break  :P   ( i truly hope so ) which makes me question your credibility in talking about other companies ad campaigns and marketing..
The first ads would still work today. They completely missed the message.
bro is pedro pascal
Am I the only one who was legit interested in Project Zephyr?
Dude you look like if Pedro Pascal was a hungarian bus factory worker in the 70's. Good content though!
At 10:53 on the dot I had an ad that said “When are you gonna stop trying to make yourself feel better by spouting all this b****s***?” and it is possibly the best timing I’ve ever had for an ad. I have no idea what it was even for (some anime thing idk) but that was hilarious.
The 5 Gum ads always looked like the fake commercials from Metal Gear Solid 4
this is how it feels to not chew 5 gum 💀
I remember those gums: they were absolute dogshit, but at least you acquired permanent edgy status by displaying the package like it was an american express platinum credit card.
I hated 5-gum instantly. Stupidest commercials of all time. I could shit a better commercial.
The gaming and gum chewing bit was weird... Exaggerated smacking on the Discord call and you speak throughout the whole video as if gum is a personality trait... I think plenty of people casually have gum without making it an identity.   "What Gamer chews gum???" I dont know but I'm sure some people do... dont think thats very shocking really.
You talk like if Jeff from Clarence did YouTube video essays and I really like it :)
Unironically  have a pack of 5 gum on my desk. I hate to shill, but I just like it. If I'd noticed their cringey brand flips over the years, I probably would have been turned off.
I might be different because I have ADHD and additionally, don't sleep enough, but I inhale gum while both gaming and working. It absolutely helps my focus. Haven't had 5 since middle school though
the only reason i chew 5 gum is because the flavor lasts more than 2 hours.
God i love when companies think online engagement= lots of buyers. especially when pandering to the gamer audience. most gamers and people who are fans of gamers are either grown adults who don't fall for that crap, young adults who are the ones that will get paid to advertise the shit, and kids/teens with little to no buying power.
The gamer phase is a psyop to try and make gamers smell better
I always chew gum when I'm getting competitive in my games, it gives my body something to do while I focus on the game. Otherwise I'm tapping my right foot and shaking like a leaf because I'm extremely nervous. I also always chew gum when I'm doing any kind of work, It's kind of like a fidget spinner that doesn't require hands  Edit: There are at least 3 different very easy ways to fix your example at 17:25, Number 1. Noise suppression is a very powerful thing that doesn't let popping noises you make from things like eating or chewing gum, Number 2. Push to talk, it's simple and it eliminates ALL background noise from a hot-mic, Number 3. Maybe don't shove your mic down your god damn throat when you're talking? Why do people feel some crazy need to be as close to the mic as physically possible? I seriously don't get it.  Edit 2: There are 4 ways. Maybe try chewing with your f**king mouth closed you slob? Trying to prove a point by actively making yourself obnoxious isn't proving a point, it's being a child and a prick and I refuse to watch any more of your content
I have never ever in my life complained about gaming and gum chewing, you had me until 17 minutes in
It was a consumable matrix genre
Gotta say, I love this vid; you did a great job of quantifying just how badly Wrigleys screwed up.  The one thing, one thing, I cannot agree with, its the part about gaming and chewing gum. Personally, it helps me fight the nausea brought on by motion-sickness induced by FPS-games. (and I've not had complaints about lip-smacking noises and stuff because it's obviously something you can work around if you're mindful) - I'll be willing to concede that I'm prolly in the minority here though.  Overall A+ vid. I didn't think it'd be this entertaining, going in.
I have to be honest, I liked 5gum because of their taste and in case they ever go out of business, I need to stock up on them!
How the hell do you look like a younger Pedro Pascal?
17:30 who the fuck even chews gum like this, are you really that much of a troglodyte you think this is normal? You chew with your mouth closed for gods sake.
17:21 Seriously now. Which warthog smacks chewing gum like that? Everyone, no matter how backward, learns to close their mouth when chewing.
Cananadia lost a gum plant?!
The 5-Gum brand going through a weird series of phases where it has no idea what it wants to be and is just desperately trying anything/everything to stay relevant is probably the aspect of it that teens would relate to the most.
I legitimately don't know the last time I saw 5 Gum in a shop... I don't think I've seen it since pre-Covid.
Respawn Gum- For the gamers that are so brainwashed or confused that they can't consume anything unless it's specifically targeted towards gamers...
here to 5 Gum, JUST INFUSE YOUR SHIT WITH THC and BRING BACK THE OLD ADS OF 2007 and How it Feels to chew 5 gum.  makes each stick 5mg, 35 in pack makes it 175mg, bring back stimulate your senses. it will make logical sense cause your getting high (which tends to stimulate your senses.) also with how more an more states are looking to make canabis legal, it would so FUCKING STUPID TO PASS UP ON THIS KIND STUFF.  bring back all the old flavors brand them as NEW again but with a hit of THC   like to anyone out there im the stupid person here? or is 5 Gum?
God, I miss the black five gum.
it got brought back here in aus a few years ago and was a big deal for a bit
5 gum is like the Axe of the gum game
When asking who chews gum while gaming.. a lot of people do actually. Some pros in cs/val find it beneficial.
All of this wild stuff when they could have just made 5 mints, lmao
I never cared for 5 gum  ace body spray or pretty much anything that was marketed for "cool" kids..
Wait, are you missing how most of the traction they ever got was due to 5 gum memes? Look up a compilation.
"The axe body spray of gum" - THIS IS SO ACCURATE
How it chews to 5 gum feels. Gum gum. Senses your stimulate.
I remember covering the back of my Texas Instruments in foil from the wrappers!
pedro pascal?
the hype around this was real just entering highschool everyone wanted to try some when a kid bought a packet. there was lots of false hype with kids trying it and overselling it a few kids were dissapointed it didnt have the same effects as hard drugs but it was a fun random meme from that point onwards one of the less annoying cultural things of that time i remember
Unironically a better ad for 5 gum than their actual adverts
tfw the meme factor of the 5 Gum ads was legendary as well. Just put the 5 Gum stingers on opposite sides of someone doing a scorpion and now you have funni mem.
its not every day that i hear my name in the first 5 seconds of a yt video  and then 200 times across the course of the video
Wow, I didn't know Mr. Pedro Pascal himself did youtube videos! Great content, keep it up!
They should mix the gamer shit with the 5 shit. Call it 5 Razer or something stupid
I hhavent even HEARD about Respawn until now.... They  REALLLLY need to go "retro" with it.... "Remember how it feels to chew 5 gum? We do"
thank god chewing gum is going out of fashion, i fucking hate seeing gum everywhere
if i see a "classic" 5 gum ad, im going to assume it was singlhandedly all your doing.
It’s just gum.
how many ads do u need bro
I've seen at least two memorable gum ads get tens of thousands of notes on tumblr (not originally posted by the brand, obviously—that's very gauche on tumblr). People love remembering weird ads.
We had a pollyanna when I was in 7th grade and the most popular/traded gift was a 3 pack of 5 gum.
You should do one on altoid sours….
"who chews gum while playing video games??" how is that a crazy idea lmao not every game is multiplayer and id much rather gum than an energy drink w enough caffeine to give me heart palpitations lmao also nobody chews gum the way you did on mic thats so gross, did you put 5 sticks in ur mouth??
This is def an advert for 5 Gum 100%
I was 13-14 in 2007 and just said screw that and would buy big boxes of Wrigley's bubblegum from the dollar store, they had little comics on each wrapper. Honestly most kids I went to school with didn't chew 5 gum, they chewed Extra. By HS it was a bit more common but I still stuck to the normal stuff like juicy fruit. I think most kids in my HS chewed Ice Breakers, or chewing tobacco in secret lol
5 Was one of the best tasteing gum.
I didnt even realize 5 gum ever rebranded i thought they just disappeared lol
I normally ignore adverts in videos but this one was actually having a point to me. Not all of us got taught how to do all that mechanical skill stuff. Thank you magnets!
Until this came up in my suggested feed i genuinely forgot that 5 gum was a thing - despite "how it feels to chew 5 gum" and the derivative memes still being present in my mind, i genuinely forgot there was an associated product.  However there are a couple reasons for this:   first, i found the commercials odd and not particularly enticing (which in turn, is likely because im autistic, traditional advertising techniques dont work as well on autistic people, and the sensation-driven ideas of the campaign likely alienated me as well - i want as few stimuli as possible, generally speaking)   and secondly being that ive pretty much repressed most of my memories from that time period.
This was one of the last marketing campaigns where they put in real effort. Theyre very lazy now
i tasted all three of those flavors when you said their names
15:35 _"Don't let them forget they tried this!"_ I love it! 🤣
Packaging looks like it would contain condoms. Chewy, but not recommended for oral use. Amazingly I've never heard of this product or seen one of those stupid looking ads with their pony CGI
Shout out to gaming energy drinks 😅
I have the RAZOR RAZER 😂 they made with Gillette 😂 .
Ahhh 5gum, watermelon was beautiful 🤩 I was 10 or 11 when this launched and I was addicted to it.😅
Me watching enjoying my one of my bucket airwaves gums
When I was in fifth grade I drew enchanted swords partly based on my Morrowind experience, partly based on all the 5 gun flavors. It was on crumpled sheet of notebook paper I wish I could find it.
I never realized how well this campaign worked on me as a teen. How embarrassing.
I chew gum for medical purposes (I need to chew a lot). I liked 5 gum
Pedro, is that you?
I stopped wanting 5gum due to the advert change but never realized, thanks for showing me
Mom, can we go watch Pedro Pascal?? No, we have Pedro Pascal at home. Pedro Pascal at home:
I like the jump from "lying on a bunch of cell phones" to "bungee jumping into a volcano"
Back in the earlier years, 5 appear to me as a more luxurious snacks and really stand out from its peers, I used to just chew gum and be done with it but when it comes to 5, I felt the need to really relinquish each jaw movement I made because an influence from the commercial
Honestly, I just liked their gum. But if they end up axing rain then I'm rioting because that is the best spearmint gum I've had.
I bought into the marketing on this shit, once. The product was dogshit so I never bought it again, lol. But if their entire plan was to get someone to buy gum just once for someone who never really buys gum in the first place, then it worked.
Sensulate your stimses
Who the hell thought this was a good idea? It went from "Hey kid, ever jumped into a volcano?" to "Grandma is crying"
Holy shit when it cut to the video essay man I was struck with Pedro Pascal.
this was certainly one of the video essays of all time
I’m going to get a pack of five gum tomorrow
Whoa I’ve found Pedro Pascals youtube
axe body spray of gum lmao
lmao pretty ironic cringe from this illegal
I wonder who was behind the campaign change, was it an external agency or internal marketing team who drove it? It's clear it's such a bad change and seems disconnected from what made the brand successful.
17:30 That sounds so wrong.
imagine the money they lose on dental policies for the taste-testers
Ego, vanity, narcissism.   Good topic ruined by frantic editing to get back to the host's face.  Anything interesting on screen is removed within a fraction of a second so this guy can see himself over emoting.  Instructions to producer: "more of me"!  My fans have to see my face.  They are idiots and are confused by images that are not me.   Always, Always, ALWAYS more of ME!
when i was in middle school (2009-2012) chewing gum was a hot commodity amongst the students. having 5 was a status symbol
My 45 year old mom used to carry a pack of cobalt 5 gum on her at all times.
You know absolutely jack shit about marketing
This is a terrible video Ultra biased and the topic is dumb
Nice right hand callouses
That is what teens did. Not anymore. Learn that.
Honestly, I hate marketing. The fact that the artwork on the packaging and the memorability of commercials are the biggest factors that contribute to FOOD PURCHASING is frustrating and ignorant
those osiris shoes are fuckin sick though
Yo was that ending a lazypurple reference?
Feels like wasting money
okay but why that face and voice? can we look at something else?
The funny thing is that they could've pulled a Sunsetter Retractable Awning and just keep the same old commercials on-air forever. They're pretty timeless.
When is the sauce tier list gonna come out? Ketchup will have its day.
I'd buy it but they all contain BS artificial sweeteners
Just like Axe, 5 had a very...... chemical taste tbh. Something only certain people will like. I only liked one or two flavors at most.
You ever do something dumb as shit? -5 gum
How would I explain what 5 gum was to a kid from today? It's almost like it was the Prime of our time. It didn't sell out everywhere, but everyone wanted it, kids would be "cool" at school if they had it
Kid: “Mum, I wish we had Pedro Pascal at home” Mum: “We already have Pedro Pascal at home” *Pedro Pascal at home*
As an australian 5gum is still everywhere in every servo or corner store
There might be politics behind this. It's very possible the people behind the original 5-gum marketing campaign were not the same people behind the later campaigns. Maybe they weren't promoted, or didn't receive enough of a raise, and as a result left or corporate senior directors thought their brand/style conflicts with Wrigley's corporate brand. The sudden change looks very much like they killed the golden egg laying goose and desperately tried to prove that "no Wrigley's didn't make a mistake, that was just a 1 time trick, now we'll show how marketing really works!"
"...5 gum is the gateway to intriguing experiences."      sounds like an ad for drugs
Doesn't help teh price of gum has shot up significantly
Bro those adds were corny asf
Ahem, stopped at 16:56 to say, yeah. I do. Not ashamed of it, but still it's kinda wtf
I remember buying the five gum when I was younger because I was so captivated my the ads (I was like... 10?) And I remember tasting the green and it had a different taste than other gums I was used to more "dull" flavours and this had a certain... Something to it
Five gum dared me to reach for a police officers service weapon
This gum hurt my teeth 😂
A pack of gum is like 4 dollars now.  Cut the advertising and sell them for 1 dollar. Units will go through the roof
11:19 that’s millennium park in Calgary
This video somehow made me buy the gamer gum :)
PEOPLE WOULD ACTUALLY KILL FOR THAT MARKETING
I'd rather chew gum while playing video games than eating dusty Doritos
You look so much like pedro pascal from an alternate universe where he got really into starcraft and craft beer.
They should pay u for making me want a piece of gum especially 5 gum
If they didn’t put aspartame in all these fuckin gums without telling us we’d eat it.
Watching this while chewing 5 gum
There was one stupid lack of logic here. "Doritos sure, mountain dew, yes."  What? This is one the stupidest lacks of logic I have ever seen. You don't think that talking to a person over a headset over a Doritos is not super annoying, much much more annoying than talking to someone chewing gum? Not to mention that doritos have powder so are super impractical to eat while playing video games.  And mountain dew is just a drink, no more than any other. I don't sit around drinking sodas while playing video games. If anything, gum or water at the most realistic things. Normally I just don't eat anything 'in particular' while playing video games.
I chew gum while gaming
5 still a hitta tho
The old over the top ads were the shit when I was younger. it's nostalgia don't know why the thought what that it was a good idea to change their image like a 14yr it's gender. God I loved it when at the end of the ads the iconic sound and phrase "5 GUM STIMULATE YOUR SENSES"
That Clock guy on discord has a very soothing voice🥰
What a perfect ending to the video 😂
You can see how five fell off by comparing their flavor names between their peak and their fall. It went from Cobalt, Prism, and Ascent to Peppermint, Watermelon Melon D'eau, and Wintermint Menthe Glaciale.
Want a stupidly effective campaign but also stupidly cheap? Do a 3 second add, punchline being "Pretty good gum" Show the gum on screen. Let it circulate through youtube, tiktok etc. You dont need over the top things. Just something slightly bizarre that is engraved into people's minds. Simple, effective. You're welcome.
i remember being in school and talking about the commercials but everyone was eating altoids. we had moved on to mints and memes
Fun fact. In my country, the Rain flavor was called "Electro".
To me the truth or dare thing seems pretty genius, you could buy it just to see what ridiculous challenges it gives you but I suppose it didn’t work, thats impressive because kids love that crap.
Ok, are you Pedro Pascal’s nephew or something?
I swear if they didn’t pander to gamers, they would’ve pandered to car guys.
I had this on in the background while playing games and chewing gum
loved the video, but i feel like that last part about "why would gamers chew gum" is a bit of a stretch. I find that it helps me focus at times and I don't chew it absurdly loud like you were doing in the discord demonstration lol
Insane new career choice for Pedro Pascal. Loved you in Narcos <3
I miss so many of the flavors. If they brought them back with caffeine I'd buy it religiously.
I think this video is better marketing for 5 gum than anything they’ve done in a while. It really made me crave that really bright yellow flavor I was obsessed with in high school lol
As a person in Gen Z I absolutley hate mqrketing towards "social causes" It feels even less genuine coming from business entity trying to boost their profits in the next quarter.  I just hate hate hate when some gen x or boomer CEO thinks by adding controversial social causes is a way to connect with young people, like no, please just do what you always do, sell things.
Stimulate your senses 😃
16:53 I am actually chewing gun right now. At my 1800 pc 😂 Idk. Its just something to do while you play games. Same reason you would chew gum in any other modern situation. Like school, drawing, 3d modeling, idk. You fill in the blank.
This dude kinda look like Pedro Pascal.
The early adverts reminded me of the old "you know when you've been Tango'd" ads
I still chew 5 gum, and it's certianly not because of any of the rebrands. I still primarily associate it with the Stimulate your Senses era. I didn't even know about most of these. Gladf I still remember it the way I do, and enjoy it through that lens.
How much you want to bet the top brand manager for FIVE collected massive annual bonuses while laying off 10-20% of the lowest paid employees to make up for the shortfalls in revenue? That's how these failing brands always seem to go.
All i remember is the memes
Based mom.
Thousands of ants desperately trying to escape a fire through your urethrae.  What it feels like to chew five gum.
I miss the coffee-flavored chewing gum from the early 2000s.
5 Gum was So COOL ‼️‼️ I remember back in 2011 when I went to wedding in Canada and at the venue the mirrors in the hallway had the green 5 Gum logo  in the bottom left corner glowing and disappearing every 10 seconds 🔥🔥🔥
I don't remember any of this.
Gum chewing legitimately has been shown to improve focus, in clinical studies.
The breath strips that stuck to your tongue or roof of your mouth  and burned it off and came in the little clear snap pack took over my school. 😂
Just shows how corporations don't care about buyers in any way, they just want to sell product and pay off politicians for tax cuts
omg this is an amazing grasping-at-straws. Honestly their original ads worked well on me, and I now want a stck of 5 gum. their flavours were great!
I didn't know I needed idubbs×internet historian but I'm glad I found out I did.
now they only have the blue and green one i seen there uses to be so  many flavoers of 5 what happend
Pedro Pascal Jr. talks about 5 gum
There needs to be a 5 Gum Cenobite crossover.
anyone ever told you you look like pedro pascal's son? if he had one that is
You need to do Gillette, Budweiser, Chick Fillet, etc.
You mean, they need to make expensive commercials again.
I have that same monitor
I wanna be a coked up marketing strategy executive so bad, cant imagine a funnier job
When you got to the gaming section I’m like “this doesn’t even make sense, who wants to hear gum chewing in their ear while rushing B” 😂😂😂😂😭
I don't know about you but if a company does the whole "relatable" advertisement schtick, or makes a super annoying commercial, I will purposely avoid buying from them. I will hold the grudge to my grave.
Why do you look like Pedro Pascal?
That “They need to remind us how it feels to chew 5 gum” at the end genuinely gave me goosebumps for some reason.
Didn't know, that Pedro Pascal does this kind of videos
you look like if pedro pascal appeared in my dream
no meme examples? I am disappoint
watching this has now made me want to chew gum and game lol
Funy the brands in the video arent in my country but 5gum is
I completely forgot about these! But I admit the caught me with the advertising campaign. I wanted these gums as a kid :D
I'm so glad I stopped watching TV and I never saw any of these stupid ass ads.
This is the first video of yours I've watched and man I've got to say you found in me exactly what 5gum lost along the way. Absolutely spectacular, please keep making videos
"...we can't rush B.." ... *Counter Strike mind remembers* ... you literally brought up my childhood in a nutshell.
5 Gum came at a time when the image of gum had lost most of its shock value. It was no longer seen by most of society as an idle, pointless, or uncivil display of bad manners, nor as a playful act of youth rebellion, nor something that teen movies would use to show that a kid was a rebel and/or fun-loving. Tim Burton’s Willy Wonka turned Violet Beauregard into a record-obsessed hyper-competitive overachiever, not just a gum enthusiast… because gum, really? If anything, the sound puts some people off… but closing your mouth goes a long way. Even some schools would allow gum in the 2000s, and the rule was up to the teachers in my high school. In college? If you have gum, you’d better share it!   Gum was no longer a “bad habit”, or something that’s “at least better than smoking”, but a personal choice – a sensory stim, a way to freshen your breath/teeth, or just something to chew on… yet 5 somehow managed to bring back the “innocent rebel” image just a little longer.
ngl, as a dude who chews gum a lot i felt kinda hurt about about the gum chewer slander lol 😂
On the usefulness of not watching TV : I have literally never seen any commercials for 5, and yet it's the only gum I ever chew (like, once a year because who the hell needs gum) because it lasts long.
They could get away with just reusing the old ad.
They should bring out a mastic gum for mewing and enhancing facial fitness and developing more attractive jawlines. Chew gum and become prettier, just 6 months for results guaranteed!😉🤏
I still remember the "How it feels to chew 5 gum." After all these years... Really shows how well that campaign worked for the target demographic.
I chew gum while gaming all the time keeps my adhd fidgeting in check
"The Axe Body Spray of Gum" Yeah, but let me tell you this: when used to set up convenient store candy shelves, that fucking gum looked great up top.
This is the way
they started out using something that resembled BLACK GOO and it disgusted me.each following commercial just showed how peoples bodies were manipulated and i didnt like that.i have never had any of that stuff and i refuse to ever have any.it was in your face stuff.
You know who chews gum? Ravers. Imagine how well a comeback of the "how it feels to chew 5 gum" ads with their industrial, over the top visuals would match rave and techno culture. Get a good deep base drop in there and enjoy.
5 gum came up when I grew up. I was part of their dedicated target group. In Germany we never had all those fancy version, but at some point I even collected the packages… over the years my interest fade, also due to the marketing, but also because they weren’t available as much. By early 20218 or so they sold them either in tiny amounts or only in cubicle form. They didn’t taste the same. In 2022 a lot of German supermarket chains stopped selling any wrigleys product in general (because the mother company raised all the prices in a absurd amount, which German supermarkets didn’t want to support)   By now I can either buy gum in small shops or at gasstation. All the ripp off gums made by the supermarket brands them self are crap…   5 gum was by far the gum that lasted the longest and tastet the best. I miss it a lot
Is it possible to make a red bull energy drink gum?  I can see gum being great promotion to control craving and help focus for some.  Or even crazier, promoting jaw exercises lol
i miss spare 😢
Social issues aren’t important.
The sexual charge of 5 gum commercials used to make me feel rather uncomfortable.  Lots of strange eye contact and facial expressions.
The most recent ad from them ive seen    was about some nerd gaming. How sad.
its sad that they didnt emrace the meme,
HOW IT FEELS TO CHEW FIVE GUM Allah akbar! *boom*
Oh i remember this shit, we even had them in France
Please make one on Gillette
The face mask still tough😤😤
It flipped open like a cigarette pack, giving the non-smokers of the time something to fidget with every 20mins....
I do love 5 gum but that's just because they have the best spearmint gum. As a kid I was absolutely susceptible to the ads though lol
Have you ever jelqed with your pants on?
Imo majority of people know whats in gum and just choose  not to buy it anymore i haven't had gum in forever. Oh and money i bet that shits not worth the price.
That last line was cringe Can’t lie bro.. 😅
its also gross. i remember it getting soft when you chewed it too much instead of getting hard.
Woot woot Toronto!
All the hott guys in the ads were a great plus.
Yea!! Millenial things!!
I've wondered *for* *years* why they don't just re-use the original ad campaigns. Like... it could work.
brother looks like a  young pedro pascal
The rain is equated to that tingle from a special chord being played, like when you listen to edm and there is that one tone that sends chills through your body. If you can figure that out then I don't care to know you and you're probably a sociopath. :)
I think a big thing that reduced gum sales, at least in my area, was that chewing gum was banned in a lot of places due to people sticking it to things and causing damage
Bring back the Juicy Fruit ads
Buddy you look like a young Pedro pascal .😂
I don't know if the people responsible for 5 gum's later advertisements are overthinking it, or just don't know what they're doing.  It's chewing gum, it's not THAT hard to come up with a marketing campaign.  I thought of multiple ideas just sitting here, and I'm not even in marketing.  This should be the easy project you use to prove yourself before you move onto something actually challenging.
No shot gum was ever considered rebelious tf?
Always could be worse imagine you sell razors and tell your audience they are all bullies.... or beer and get a mentally challenged person that would never drink a beer as face of your campaign...
That "We can't rush B" bit sent me over the edge. If I had a dollar for everytime I've muted chat cause someone was smacking their lips or eating loud I'd have enough for a nice new headset. 😂
Its far easier to chew gum and game than it is to eat or drink
New slogan idea. "Stimulate your butthole" target the LGBT groups
I was wondering where the fuck the ads went I haven't seen them in years
Your face is annoying.
Entertaining, snappy, and concise; this is really well written! Kudos!
5 was ok but i always ended up back at doublemint og.
I buy a lot of 5 gum.  i've never once seen it advertised, or known of anybody else who has tried it.  I had no idea anybody out there even knows about it, and most places don't even have it. So I find this video very surprising!  I've never seen anybody chewing gum in public other than me.  Where are you seeking these ads out?  Why are you following them on instagram?  It's like an alternate reality where people don't have adblock?
Skip ad 3:20
The line at the end was so epic
Now I want pork rinds.
Okay my dood I had never seen or heard of your channel. Then the almighty algorithm brought this up and I thought okay, I'll watch. You earned a a subscriber for life. On a scale of one to ten, I give you the rank of banana split on a hot day
2000s were the coolest
First time finding this guy. Gives "we have Pedro Pascal at home" vibes
6:32 thank me later
They didn’t do allat u just fell for their flashy cgi marketing. It’s still gum. People are still buying it for the same reasons.
Haven't seen these for a while here in Czech republic ..at least 8 years i guess.  We used to buy them when we were kids at primary school. Those were good days.. 😀
This video is hilarious but you really jumped through hoops to make chewing gum while gaming sound impractical lmao even if you do use game chat you can just chew normally and put the mic at a normal position
How about losing the AI voice at the end of the video.... Could you not engage an actual human to thank viewers and sponsors, rather than some fake? Are you unable to say "Thank You", yourself?
Ngl, I forgot they even EXISTED. I used to buy 5 gun ALL the damn time. But I haven't touched or even seen one in the wild for like 10 years
"I Regret Nothing" - Postal Dude, 5Gum ad campaign
Shouldn't their units sold reflect how successful their marketing is doing?
Respawn looks like it tastes like gatorade
I once took a photo with a kinder bueno💀
It's great that people stopped chewing gum, it was so annoying
Discount Pedro Pascal?
Peppermint was my favourite
where are the Ads that end with gay buttfking that I always see on discord?
Great video. But Displate has been an awful company. I ordered on November 29th for Christmas and it is still not here and their customer service has been horrid to deal with. It's Jan. 4th now. They have also been deleting comments like this from other customers on their instagram.
Dude you have me buying respawn gum now. Like you sound so dumb when you fail to refute their claims and proactively make a good point for them. Like how would you think purposefully going out of your way to be an annoying idiot would prove a point? you just made an ass of yourself and I lost a bunch of respect for you and gained respect for the gamer gum.😂
I used to love this one flavor it tasted just like redbull, I'll never enjoy gum like that flavor did for me...
I am a 96 year old Polish holocaust survivor living my last few years in New Jersey. Life in Auschwitz was complete hell, and though we wanted to die, we didn't want to be killed. I thank god for the Allied forces for freeing us.  Buy 5 Gum
I'm telling my kids this was Pedro Pascal
Why do you look liek Babytron
What I remember most is the pre slogan and post slogan with some kind of extremely painful grainy video in the middle. The kind that are one change away from appearing on liveleak.
NO WAY PEDRO PASCAL
I get irrationally angry at people making noises when eating and that skit with the discord call legit got me steamed lol Great video, I am reminded of how much I hate people chewing with their mouth open
2:23 nah, your hands look like you deadlift while chewing 5 gum
Up and coming channel alert
I never saw those commercials but for some reason the only good gums availiable here were theirs and they were hella good (even boomer or whatever is the name was hard to get comapred to 5)
that ending was just gold, man. nothing would have been better than that. bravo!
As a 14-25 year old in 2007, I thought the ads were a ridiculous and dumb marketing stunt and never had any interest in the gum.  Chewing gum sucks in general though...
5 Gum: We'll try anything except actually marketing gum!
I've never seen this channel before, but I deadass thought Javier Peña from Narcos had a YouTube for a minute
what the hell, it's YT Pedro Pascal
7:44 i literally yelled out "ha!"
The "Stimulate your senses." Meme Era was the best thing for 5. Hell, that and the fact that the simple black/tech edge design of packaging that went with the ads so well. It's why I only chew 5 and NEVER knew about their fall or any other type of ads outside of that era.
5 Cum
wow i forgot about that stuff i used to love the purple and orange
I use to chew gum while gaming, but I was also addicted to gum back then so I was gonna take it at any moment regardless.
I though 5 gum was absurd and cool. I still remember the brand even after all these years.
im convinced 5 is two steps away from buying a shitty valorant esports team or something
The second you said that their marketing teams taking a turn away from the Adrenaline based ads I knew that they had failed.
Those thrill of the senses commercials made me REALLY WANT 5 gum back in the day.
ah 5 gum... I kinda forgot about it for the past 14 years
Tldr: it’s just a poor performance review of 5’s marketing team.
What inbred needs a commercial for a gum?😂 i buy 5 to this day because it’s a good gum.
I don’t even remember the ads to be honest. I chewed 5 gum in high school because they had the best and most interesting flavors on the market, and you could stick the tin foil wrappers to notebooks and stuff to make cool reflective patterns haha
1:50 This is an ELITE comparison 🔥
You need to relax man...maybe a little less caffeine or something. Way too excited.
I have never played games with voice chat its always the worst part of any game
As an Australian i wondered what happened to 5 gum... now I know. I used to consume it simply for the packaging (price the same), but vanished, and then meh, switched to extra.
Can't forget the fact that you could peel the foil off the gum wrappers and put it on your notebooks!
Emaciated Pedro Pascal?..
You mentioned the packaging. I think thats what hooked little Alex.   The matte black and glossy blue on the principle display panel. The crisp folds on the top hinge. The suave curves on the 5 logo. The deep blue foils to decorate my middle school planner. Share a stick with my crush. Hell yeah.
I feel like gum as an industry should just accept where they are. We all need it sometimes but realistically you just need a cup of em in your car so you can go into meetings without smelling of red bull/coffee/coke (both coke and coke give you bad breath). Nowadays 40 pieces of stimorol costs €10,50 that's way too much. I'll just have couple samosas with mint chutney in stead and still have change.
aren’t you an actor wyd
This is what Pedro pascal is doing now?
holy shit you look like a child version of Pedro Pascal
I always thought it was nicotine gum because it was sold besides tobacco products everywhere (in Germany) . 😮
Well you dont watch Andrew Tate, then you are a looser.
With a video and editing this good, and a fantastic script writing, how do you not have 1 million subs bro
on the chewing gum while playing games thing, I do that- just don't chew like an asshole XD It's mostly a like stimulus thing though- something to expend energy on while I'm taking other actions, something I like to do in like starcraft mostly- or a handful of shooters? but it's not a super regular thing by any means.
I was a teen when 5 gum was popular. The only reason I got it regularly over the others was because it lasted the longest and it was stick gum, not the pill shaped shit. I never really noticed any flavors besides the green and blue. If I wanted to blow big ass bubbles, I'd get hubba bubba.  If there was some gum with unique flavors that lasted as long as 5 does I'd get it, bonus points if you can blow bubbles with it
i don't think the mustache works bro.
Hey man that was an excellent video. Liked and Subscribed. However, I must say, I really think you should consider shaving your mustache. I think you'd look better clean shaven. You have a very handsome face and I believe you would look better without covering it up.
I kind of forgot 5 gum existed, i hope to be able to get a pack to try again xd
14:13 a twitch streamer/gamer once choked on a bubblegum as a part of some stupid challenge
I am probably not the only person who was surprised to hear that 5 gum made other advertisements than the "how it feels" versions.
16:47 Since I was a kid, I had an inexplicable habit of chewing while focused on a task. It used to be my cheek or my tongue. To prevent that, I've chewed gum while gaming or when needing to do intense work or study. But usually it's just sugar-free trident gum or something like that.  As for if it helps me focus, I don't know, I don't care. I'm just trying to avoid causing unintentional harm.
he looks like pedro pascal
I wanted to get 5 when I first saw its ads. I was expecting a psychedelic trip. Hesitant to buy some, someone let me have a stick. And it was just so normal. So lame.
No amount of slick advertising is going to lure me away from the GOAT of gums...Trident Cinnamon.
You made me watch half an hour of a commentary video about chewing gum, genius
this video was better at keeping my attention than 5 Gum
ok but if you are chewing like a horse its clear that everybody can hear you hahahahaha :D
As I was someone in the core demographic when Wrigley put 5 gum on the market back in 2007, you best believe I swore by that stuff! Shortly after I left tech college in 2013 is when I quit chewing gum and switched to mints. I was always wondering why I never saw it again... never would have guessed that they cartwheeled off a damn cliff with lousy marketing. In November 2023 a certain brand from my youth caught my eye at a convenience store: _5 gum._ I saw it, and I thought about it, and moved on without it.
You say about people not wanting to chew things on Discord but I used to game with a guy who regularly would chew on ice, and he never used push-to-talk. It was nightmarish.
I like the respawn gum, flavor was nice. But otherwise I think its honest that the box is black that made it appealing. In the 00s turning packaging/can/bottle black made it young and hip and appealing.
Don't be deceived, this is secretly 5Gum's next strategy: Marketing to the "Wha'Happun?" demographic
only Rain and Cobalt where I live, so 2 options only.
6:42 could’ve leaned into that pun a bit more
Eh, all I remember is the adverts and the memes from 07 4chan, maybe I tried a piece from a friend but i can't remember my friends or myself ever buying any.guess it is a bit out of the box the heckin GUM
When gum commercials had edge
I remember seeing the "how it feels to chew 5 gum" commercials, and until now I never knew 5 Gum was the name of the brand. I've always thought it was just about chewing 5 pieces of gum.
I think if they were smart, they'd lean into it. Start spreading the 5 gum memes from official accounts, start responding to people getting creamed in the face by snowballs or having other weird shit happen to them with the slogan, all of it.
pedro pascal from wish hahahahahahahaha
6:42 look at those prices holly shit it like 5$ per 35 pack now
i hadden't even heard of 5 gum doing anything past how does it feel to chew 5 gum. i guess that just shows how much they failed after that
I do miss the days of weird ass commercials though.
"How it feels to chew five gum"  *Gets a headache instantly from it*   **Stimulate you senses**
Awesome video but u shouldn’t tell people energy drinks are better to consume than vitamins
This video was suggested to me for 2 weeks & I ignored it till today, well worth the watch, the chewing gum on Discord was amazing!
Nothing edgy about the old ads. You are edgy.  But, nice mustache and also the newer commercials ARE very edgy. Yep, I edited this being mean and the stache saved it. Liking and subscribing.
Video seemed to imply that Respawn gum wasn't being sold very widely, but I found it today at a gas station and had to try it. It's pretty decent! I'm not sure if I can prove whether or not it makes me a better gamer, but opening the package makes it say "Time to be OP" and I'm not willing to test it.
I honestly still always buy 5 gum when I am buying gum. Simply for the format, the packaging was/is better at keeping closed, and the sticks are actually a good size to chew on a single piece
5 Gum X LISA: The Painful RPG — Stimulate Your Senses™
The "gamer gum" unveil was hilarious
I never noticed 5 being extra popular among teenage boys, even as I was one. I tried it when it came out, but I always got Extra if I wanted mint or Bubblicious if I wanted a toy.  Idk, maybe I'm just weird
Thank you for the cool video, Budget Pedro Pascal
The economy is in the shitter who in hell is buying something that will leave you still hungry after consuming it? It would be easier to sell gold plated ice skates than chewing gum right now.
i was a solstice guy myself.  also an rgb facemask sounds incredibly cool, on paper at least.
SOLSTICE WAS THE SHIT
I honestly had no idea that all this happened, because the rebrand started like the year I dropped broadcast television and started exclusively watching stuff on the internet with ad blockers
All the 5 company decisions are like the woke companies of today.
Something tells me you would pick the Mandalorian Displate…maybe its the mustache
the thing i liked about the commercials was that there was no logo that it was epic, looked like a muvie and had so little words yet was saying so much. it was different. which made me remember them
So... 5 was just pretending like it was drugs, right? The first campaign seemed vaguely representative of the different, intense and mind altering effects drugs might give. Then the second was like, hey yall lets just hang out and be real and drink beer and do heroin - I mean chew 5. Then it was like, 5 makes me so inebriated that I start confessing my darkest secrets and play truth or dare. And after that it seemed like drugs-ruined-my-life-confessionals (even if it wasn't specifically about people who's lives were ruined by drugs)
This guy looks like a diet verison of Pedro Pascal
eh it's just chewing gum. typical corpo product
Thanks buddy, now they're gonna go get tom cruise and keanu reeves to make out while flying to the moon or some shit.
5qum
You maybe right about gaming,  but when people make a claim and try to prove it by doing it as obnoxiously as possible kind of invalidates your opinion.
I never even knew respawn 5 gum was a thing until this video
They discontinued the Cool Berry Celsius taste and I'll never forgive them for that, it was my favorite gum.
15:37 I want the 3D model of that face mask. Be great accessory for industrial punk aesthetic in VRChat clubs EASY audiolink too
The 4chan edits for these ads were wild 😂
this was much more hilarious and entertaining then I anticipated!
"How it chews to gum five feels. Gum gum"
im all for weird marketing and such. but i never cared about 5's marketing. i just buy it because it's the most bang for my buck as far as gum goes.
You forgot the most important factor. Smoking isn't cool anymore unless you're an Andrew Tait groupie, a gothic momento mori, or I wish it was the 1940's type.   Gum was used to get rid of nicotine dog breath, just like axe body spray, something it's better at as it gives individual attention to your teeth, while breath mints cover the nose, tounge and throat.   Now, kids vape, usually juuls, which isn't 20 times a day, it's 20 times an hour, and already is scented and flavourful, and menthol, no one want to clog thier nicotine hole with gum arrabic.   The other gum problem is, the post  baby boomers never stopped, chewing the cud like your cow mom, just isn't cool, even if you synchronize , the final one? People are dirt poor now, buying gum and the experiance of gum are so fleeting they're unjustifyable.
imagine being unable to chew gum and game.
Gum was dead for me since i discovered nicotine pouches😂
16:47 ADHD. Normal people don't do it because they spend their focus on the game itself, while people with ADHD need to keep almost every sense in the body focused on something to remain focused entirely
10:06 How tf is "What foods have sent tears streaming down your face?" a Dare
The tense you're using in this video makes me feel like I'm old for knowing what the "How it feels to chew 5 gum" commercial is
what happens when a bunch of managers do their manager things.
making this comment about half way in, but, why didnt they just start making 5 mint?
I feel like i was their target audience and i have never tryed 5. I'm even a gamer and i didnt even know that the gamer gum was even a thing. The original marketing campaign was so iconic and they didn't even ride their own meme. Wild.
I gonna touch you for the 17:30 experience
I chew my straws from my fast food cups. I probably should start chewing gum instead...
It also helps that their gum lasts all day long. Seriously I chew 5 gum at my job. I pop two sticks in at 5:30 am and spit it out with some flavor still in it at 12:00 pm.
I remember this stuff - someone gave me like cases of it, can't remember why but I binned it as that stuff is toxic. Read the ingredients.
now I just think it's funny every time I get into something crazy on my dad's TV and then it just says "That's how it feels to chew Five Gum."
The whole video was not about the stupidity of a corp, it was about how bad they sell you their product.
Bro you should not have posted your hands. Made me gag 🙌🙌 frickin buildabear💥
cool video! didnt know you, pedro pascal, had a youtube channel.
11:45 and yet, enough 14-25 y/o think Cards Against Humanity is "fun". The key demo is literally a crap shoot of dumb, chaotic, and useless.
Pretty funny video about 5 Gum :D
16:47 "Who chews gum while playing video games?" Me. I do that.   I do it because one or two sticks of fun can keep me satisfied for hours even after the flavor is gone; keeps me from needlessly snacking. That said, it doesn't matter if it's 5 gum, I just buy it because it looks cool lol.
"Modern Millennials"? The terms I'm familiar with for "modern" is essentially everything since the establishment of what is now called England in the 5th century. Since "Millennials" refers to a specific generation of people, then who else could "Millenials" be referring to in relation to Wrigley's advertisement history?
17:15 nobody chews gum like that
Pedro Pascal’s long lost son? 😂
Who chews gum like your example except for actual troglodytes that you don't want in your VC anyway?  That aside, I agree and haven't been interested in 5 Gum since the old "Stimulate your Senses" commercials, nor have I even remembered they had commercials after that phase! Sure they may have seemed timely, but I think that original campaign could have kept on ticking until now with no problems had they stuck with it.
I need to learn how to video edit. That's what this video taught me.
What's the article source at 5:39?
shave your moustache
dude I've been watching this video since last year
Holy shit i remember this
i think the no regrets thing is just a filler to remind you what happens if you don't take the 5 Risk or whatever it seems perfectly in place to me.
I always hated 5 gum, original Wrigley's was my go to
I loved their commercials
Bruh, c'mon, no one chews gum that loud, unless you're a 5. Years old.
Who wants to sit in a Discord server with a guy smacking his cheeks togeth- I mean lips together?
what killed 5 for me was when they removed the little flavor pellets in the gum. 5gum was special because it lasted longer than any other gum
can't call this sh*t food it has 0% nutritional value
I remember 5gum ad as a kid It was only English speaking ad here at and it looked cool af xD
Wrigley's had a real good thing going in the beginning for the 5 Gum line, those were great adverts but it got very cringy and very lame very fast, what a shame.
12:09 CEOs getting a little too autobiographical there for a second.
hey man, you look like a younger, just-rolled-out-of-bed Pedro Pascal keep up the good work
I subbed because discord gum call.
Yes, gum sales dipped...  because they took out the sugar, and replaced it with lethal chemical fake sweeteners, and NO ONE wants to eat that.
And none of it made me want to chew it more...  it in fact...  made me want to chew it LESS.  😂😂😂
Having never seen this brand nor advertisment until I came across folks doing the "how it feels to chew 5 gum" meme (which at first I thought was just a bizarre "don't eat five pieces of gum at the same time!!!" thing), I still feel insulted at whatever the hell they did to this branding  Just how completely out of touch does marketing have to be in order to push for these brain dead changes on your rising product? We need names so we can blacklist these idiots from the industry
Find stud, nail into stud, hang picture, level picture…
I'm so sorry about Elia Martell, bro! I hope you get your revenge on the Mountain!
Holy fuck we had a guy in school who always had 5 gums, bought whole cartons of it and shared them around to make friends. Literally the definition of the target demographic.
lol after this vid i want to start chewing gum while playing csgo
Genocide is happening in the strip
I loved the watermelon flavour but 5 gum & juicy fruit suddenly disappeared from my country 7 years ago
16:49 "He was vile, he was based, he was me"  >:) I am writing this while chewing gum and playing Rainbow I shit you not. No, I will not stop, matter of fact, I'll open up another pack.
Ngl i would not mind chewing gum and playing solo..i don't do it but, maybe
how it feels to chew 5 gum  "senses so stimulated that your brain starts spinning for more profits, more teens, more gamers"   5 GUM, ITS IN THE GAME
you look like pedro pascal, in a cool way tho
Step one. Make a mediocre product  Step two: give it a name with an edgy emphasis like spectral or phantom or beastly or thunder train...   Step 3: give it cosmic light saber colors to appeal to the glow stick alien, gatorade obsessed demographic.
I think rain is feeling the sensation of vibration all those strings to experience sound differently?
The skit with you chewing gum on a Discord call made me laugh so hard. The guy gets so uncomfortable so quickly...
You look like a Pedro Pascal stunt double
I chewed 5 reliably in Grade 6 through Grade 9 and still enjoy their spearmint flavour. I love spearmint and it's a good take on it, all of its "edginess" aside.
They should show the teens using psychodelic drugs with the 5gum
I chew gum while gaming. I chew gum when doing anything. I just don't chew gum in the mic to my buddies. Lmao
#noragrets
This guy looks like an evil pedro pascal
Get woke... (Y'all know the rest by now)
The OG 5 commercials were the Gum version of Bionicle commercials.   Bring back the old 5 gum commercials, we’re never getting more bionicle so please at least let us have this.
Its so stupid that businesses never decide to change what their business is centered around, they should understand that their doom is comming and just spend all that money while you can to get new equiqment for your factories to make other things instead of gum for example. Only seen this stuff in WW2! Diabolical amounts of copium.
I first saw it in a "how it feels to chew 5 gum" meme where a guy rides around straped to a conveyor (Quake 4) and slowly gets brutaly turned into a robot. 😂 https://youtu.be/5Opak6RvbnQ?si=CI09ZChVdQ_TauEf
The only reaction from my friends and me when 5 gum came out was "Wow it looks like a pack of condom lol"
5 was tasty but overpriced.
I kind of like gum, but 5 was never all that good.
ive never thought about this before but as a 2000s kid it DEFINITELY feels like gum was a significantly bigger deal in my childhood than it is now
Brings my back to highschool. "Do you chew 5 gum?" No none of us did.
tbh im kinda down for 5 gum reborn
"Who's funding this?" - I had a 5gum headcanon. First off, none of this is real, they're people undergoing simulated experiences akin to The Matrix. However the scientists and such are real but also being projected into these virtual spaces to observe what are actual tests of the limits of the simulation technology, specifically they're stress tests of the "man-machine interface" at the very heart of the technology and are very important to it's continued safe functioning. Also, the experiences are desirable and there's no possibility of danger, though they're not guaranteed or even totally designed to be enjoyable an "extreme sports" like culture and attitude has developed around them ensuring the positive attitude of the test subjects that actually apply to become a one. These are the coolest possible people doing the coolest possible thing, as the commercial spiritually intends. This idea developed more or less involuntarily as I was subjected to this particular ad campaign.
as a 14 y/o in 2007 one enjoyed shoplifting every flavor of this gum while tripping on Ambien in order to do a taste test, but the attendant amnesia made the subject unable to remember what each flavor tasted like immediately after trying them, and so the results were inconclusive 😎
For your question on who chew gum while playing games. As someone who is trying to quite smoking I do. I picked up a bad habit of opening a container and smoking. rewired my brain to get pleasure from opening a container and then smoking. Chewing gum helps distract me from those urges while I play games
5 Gum's advertisements were a glimpse into Cyberpunk.
to be fair, chewing gum is a lot more compatible with gaming compared to mountain dew or doritos. you have to take your hand off the keyboard/controller to eat or drink, your hands will get all greasy, and someone eating in a discord call is as annoying as someone chewing gum
5 gum is objectively the best gum when you're on Molly
didnt know pedro pascal is doing video essays now
So many guys named Trevor offered me take five gum.
Everything changed in 2015.
seeing all the ad clips made me want gum LOL
“Thats super loud what is that” “W H A”  “What is that” “…. Is G U M”
Does anybody else remember the episode of Smallville that was so sponsored by Five Gum that they brought back an actor/character from the earlier seasons and gave him super powers every time he chewed some kryptonite infused Five Gum?
Tbh, I never really paid attention to the advertising, I just wanted a gum that didn’t lose its flavor after 5 seconds. And 5’s flavor really does last the longest.
Those edgy commercials were pretty cool though.
5 gum now has partnered with Razor, they're back to trying to sell to edge lords. (I typed this with a Razor keyboard, so maybe they're on to something)
their sensed didn't get stimulated by the 5 gum
GREAT DOCUMENTARY.  But you forgot to mention one the most important factors in the downfall..... the price!!!  They basically PRICED themselves out their own market.   For 4$ I have way better options.  All that marketing made the price of the product skyrocket from 25 cents to 4$
didnt even know respawn gum was a thing my guy. RIP. what was the name of the original again?
19:18 Excellent conclusion
5 gum: stimulate your furrets "HELP I CAN'T SHIT NO MORE"
why does my man look like a younger, less stressed pedro pascal
here in NZ we’re still getting the “Life happens in 5” ads.
5 Gum's labs now remind me of SCP facilities. I think they're fun to look at that way.
Here at malaysia only the watermelon flavor stuff mainly was sold
All hail the "monster" flavor
Chewing gum can be great for focus -> good for competitive activities (like gaming). Surprised this is at all a foreign idea considering that baseball players have been doing it for decades
5 gum was the powerthirst of gum
So that’s what the 5 meant 😮
lol do you have someone dub over your talking?
I used to chewed gum when gaming, probably had to do i did mostly slow games
wrigley needs to make nicotine infused gum, go the way of vapes and make them addictive lmao
hey i'm new here and i wanted to say in the most complimentary way possible you look like a b-movie pedro pascal
I sold 5 gum in middle school and bought a PS3 LOL people wanted it so bad
TORONTO SHOUTOUT ✌️ ❤️ 🇨🇦
Look up the meme version of the commercials. Im highly disappointed that they where not mentioned.
Honestly, those early ads were cringe as well.
As a teenage boy in the late 00s and early 2010s 1:57 I accurate AF for me lmao except axe is called kynx in my country , I was a chewer of 5 gum , ain't seen it in years 😁
Cough cough, Monster energy.
you got to me kidding me right? who chews gum like that? it sounds like a cow chewing cud which if some one chews gum like that then they have bigger problems the playing games while playing games lol
Actually no shit I used to chew 5 Gum while gaming all the time. Saying it improves focus might not exactly be a lie.
one thing i noticed with my age of gum sales going down is less people smoke cigs. It used to be smoke a cig get a gum to cover it up.
what if I don't want displate what if I want datplate
Us millenials are so nostalgia focused, like just remake the OG ads and we will be all over that shit for some reason
why is ur voice like that
*was 5 gum any good? i always just got big red*
No one's gonna talk about how goddam good this gum was? I honestly don't seek out purchasing gum anymore BECAUSE I cant find fivegum on the shelves anymore. Five gum was ridiculously flavorful, long lasting, never got tough in your mouth, was generally a great value. No idea why they dropped the ball on this brand. It was marketed as high quality because.. it kinda was!
I've never heard of 5's Respawn before this video. I've never seen packs of it in any of the stores I've ever been in.  17:48-17:55 Ah...That explains it.
If your microphone is loud enough to pick up the sounds of chewing gum then you’re first off. Chewing it improperly. And second off. Your microphone is too sensitive n should have its settings adjusted.
I feel like advertising is an artform. The best (most successful) ads are ones that show an understanding of the culture of their target demographic. I think a company's need for short term profit is what ends up killing it's success. Or maybe it's its boards of directors, so out of touch with reality and only intending a quick return for their stock brokering? Idk, seems shocking how a company can shoot itself in the foot so badly.
one of the essential "advertises during toonami" products
this video might just be the best 5 Gum advert I've seen in almost a decade. I remember liking the texture of 5 gum, but I haven't bought a package since I was a teenager and this video reminded me about it 😭😭
Is it just me who noticed that you look like Pedro Pascual?
How it feels to chew five gum
Gratz on the FIrst 1 mil video Slow start! your content dives deep in to the deep nostolgia for us 90- early 2000s kids.
Huh, didn't know Respawn was actually 5 gum. I like the Pomegranate/Watermelon one, I chew it when I start work in the hopes it'll help me wake up.
i used to buy 5 gum as a kid just because it was in a black packaging. i am a woman
If Cave Johnson funded gum.
This guy looks like Pedro Pascal's younger brother
Respect for actually being covered in water for a fake surfing shot
how many clichés can one video have
bruh, not even videogame companies pander to gamers. Actually, most of em seem to hate us. Cringe.
Seeing the old "How it feels to chew 5 gum" makes me want to go get some right now.
Bro, I used to daily-drive that Viewsonic monitor and that MS keyboard! Both epic!
I genuinely think the marketing team just had a spinny wheel and went with whatever it landed on, no questions asked
The first time I saw a commercial of these, I was coming back from a rave, had a shower and sat to smoke and chill while still absolutely blasted on acid. It was the one where the dude layed down in a huge speaker surrounded by metal pellets and a bass pulsed. I was ENRAGED of the fact that I absofuckinglutely wanted exactly that at that specific moment and couldn't get it 😆
As someone who was part of the target age group at the PEAK of 5 gum's popularity, this was such a trip to watch.
walmart pedro pascal
"completely annihilate" is redundant
You look so much like Pedro Pascal Closely to the Narcos look
all a product like 5 has to do is include a redeemable inside the pack of gum it really does not matter what the redeemable is 5% off here or there an in game item something for amazon it dont matter people will then buy the gum and form an attatchment to that product EZ Stonks
"WE CAN'T GANK TOP LIKE THAT!" "WE CAN'T PUSH B!!"
5 works best as an Edgy Product, not a Gum for Grandpa & Grandma.
i thought this was going to be about that vine with 5 gum in it
Every one of my friends knows 5 gum for the "how it feels" ads, and nothing else. They really should bring that back, it would just be free money
It's not because of advertising. Gum is now destined to disappear into history.
I miss edgy commercials. Shit is always trying to be "relatable" but it ends up feeling like Steve Buscemi doing that meme.
oh my god he said the thing
Didnt expect Pedro Pascal to tell me about gum today
I stopped watching television in 2011 and got adblock around that time. I'm so out of touch with ad culture that I thought the late 2000s ads were just the ones they did. It takes me completely by surprise that the crazy ads from that time are no longer the selling point they rely on. It was good enough for me to buy it 12 years after the last one I saw, so that's quite the blunder.
The Peppermint Cobalt 5 Gum is my favorite gum. It lasts all day.
i don't and will never understand why brands almost everytime without fail will go through 3 stages in their lifestyle -making unique product that draws in specific fanbase/consumers -changing that product to match the rest of the market as "that's what they're doing and they're making money" -losing their uniqueness, not spreading out to the rest of the market (as the rest of the market already is what they're trying to be) and driving away their customer base happens to damn near every brand that isn't selling fruit or furniture and i dont know why
Fr i was one of those middle school boys and i remember it was the ads and packaging that made all of us want it 😂
Really cool to see Gunther restarting his career as a Youtuber.
I'll always love their watermelon flavor. By far, 5's watermelon was better than Extra watermelon, and they were BOTH from the same goddamn company. Unreal.
I hate you so much
It’s still some of the best gum out there :)
Thing about over the top ads is:  Ironically, being over the top makes them more approachable then some greenwashing/social campaigns, because we all know corporations don't really care about the later, so it makes them seem more fake.
I would've genuinely wanted to try 5 Gum if it kept the original advertising strat. I did want to before I found out they discontinued the How It Feels To Chew 5 Gum ads that got memed
I honestly hope gum doesn't get discontinued entirely because people like me chew it to have something to chew on. It's more convenient than a human chew toy (which do exist) and people won't think you're autistic for chewing gum (I'd like to not know that)
I bought a pack of 5 last month for the first time in ages, and now I feel bad about it.
I remember when _How It Feels To Chew 5 Gums_ becomes a meme as a part of the "Important Playlist", but the original commercial of that 5 Gum brand feels like it deserves its own short film because of how dystopian and cinematic it is.
I waited for the entire video to finally say the line
You can still find the Razer Respawn gum, just not on the Razer site. Looks like most places are sold out of it, with exceptions being Wal-Mart and 7-11. My guess is that the Respawn gum is discontinued at this point. Razer also had a Gfuel-style drink mix as well, and that looks discontinued as well.  I did get some of the gum years ago when I bought a new gaming mouse from Razer. The flavors were ok, not very long lasting flavor. I didn't really notice any "performance" boost, but I'm also fit and take a bunch of supplements that include various B vitamins, so maybe my own body already had enough?
I remember kids in middle school would take the 5 gum wrapper, peel it, and the stick the wrapper to their binder and create decopage of wrappers.
I was never a huge gum guy, but I almost always bought 5 gum if I did lol But I had no idea about this marketing fiasco lol The last commercials I remember for 5 gum are the originals that were crazy over the top
Since when did Pedro Pascal start doing YouTube videos
I can't believe I watched this
Guarentee if they made a new ad campaign exactly in their old style but updated and and better, they would half success. Or if they played into the meme a bit, like showed some genuinly funny scenes followed by how it feels to chew 5 gum.
Actually if you're into racing games a long lasting gum/hard candy can be helpful during endurance races.
I worked at GameStop and bought a few packs of the gamer gum when I was bored and we were selling it. It was yummy.
Seriously, the Greatest Generation could have told stories like: "How I jumped out of a plane as a paratrooper on D-Day...AND STILL ENJOY skydiving!" (Interview the 90 year old skydiver!) "How did it feel on D-Day?" "A lot like chewing 5 gum!"       _So why the _*_**_*_ did they go with downer bull*** instead!?_
Here in germany we only got 4 flavors (electro, cobalt, pulse, flood) and only later when the hype was already kind of over we got Turbulence, Evolution and a couple limited time editions like Flare. But still everyone bought their marketing back then and they were a "lifestyle brand" in the school yard.
Chewing gum has actually become more popular for esports, specifically at higher levels of CS. There's multiple tier 1 CS pros that chew gum during officials, you just have to tune your mic to it. It's a way to minimize ADHD/nerves/ticks ingame, like how Stewie2K would permanently move his mouse when he was holding angles for long periods of time, but physical rather than in-game.
I saw it but I didn't even realize it was gum. It looked like some kind of pricey electronics and I assumed it was something way too rich for my blood. Never took a second look at it. I never saw the ads, I had already quit watching TV.
I might actually buy stuff like GFuel if it wasn't so overpriced. It's not like I couldn't afford some, but if I feel like an idiot for buying it when I could invest the money in something more useful, then I usually pass.
I still chew 5 gum. It is a good size, it has good flavors, the flavors last a while, it is sugarless, the packs come in a nice package, overrall I think its the best chewing gun out there. I don't care if it is associated with teenage boys. I like it.
My grandpa used to be an ad exec for Wrigley's in Toronto. Maybe it's his fault they closed? 😂
Leave it to corporate marketing types to screw up their own product...
Ana de Armas in a 5 commercial nowadays would BOOST that shit to the moon 😭
*"Ever stand in front of a tank with only 2 shopping bags?"*
For real tho, the only time I ever bought five gum in the last decade has been because of the Stimulate your senses memes based on the commercials, meme commercial did more for that gum than any rebranding ever did
Stimulate your senses
Good video
Dude, You were great in the Mandalorian.
You look like a pedro pascal rip off.
Ever played mad libs with a gummy bear while James Charles skipped rope with a broomstick and watched a Canadian goose swallow a hotdog making bedroom eyes at a snowplow? What it’s like to chew bazooka bubble gum.
No wonder gum is dead. During COVID a gum bubble began to be perceived as a corona virus filled balloon that pops and infects the room 😂 a biological weapon
The video game angle was good in theory, needed more brand ambassadors
Gum is literally loaded with carcinogenic compounds. Its like, hey chew on this cancer stick!
Everything is a monopoly
The part of the video that stood out most-profoundly to me was where slow start sez ..."I look like I work at... ...Build-A-Bear"
I was in their target demographic but have never tried it
Ngl, I completely forgot this chewing gum brand existed and I even bought it occasionally a few years back.
is it just me or does this guy look so much like pedro pascal?
i just want 5gum evolution back. this was my fav as a child and i would pay 5€ to enjoy this flavor again.
i remember those, i used to love them so much when i was like 4
In my country there was no such advertising campaign, 5 was (and still is) an obscure product. My friend once went on a date and bought a packet at the checkout, thinking it was condoms.
as soon as you said "pandering to gamers" i got an advertisement for a game that i play.... i hate the fact that is a thing.
the board directors at Wrigley's have defiantly started doing lines of coke & taking psychoactive mushrooms.  from a long-term perspective, you don't even notice the trend, but seeing the timeline of their advertising is just straight up hilarious & embarrassing. it's not the first big "successful" company to screw itself with its own ideas. and it defiantly won't be the last.
You are so right. I remember those ads for the good memories from my childhood. I always wondered where they went and when the ads stopped I really stopped buying 5 cause I’d forget it existed. They need those ads back
This is why you don't promote talentless woke f*cks to run your business.  Their original commercials were so awesome they could have just continued playing them but no, push old people and social "injustices", yeah, we all care about our gum and people's personal problems
Very good video.
good content
To be honest, 5 tasted really good back in the day, but I haven't seen the old packaging in person in YEARS. Now they only have the dumbass gum pillows in my country.
pedro pascal on a budget
Dude are you Pedro Pascal’s little brother? It’s like looking at a doppelgänger
I got such a shock when I saw Pedro Pascal's face narrating this. Dammit dude 😆
Ever since I quit vaping I chew gum all the time.
Gum with calories.. what a bust from the start.
I noticed the power in their ads and made literally thousands of dollars selling it at my middle school
Fun fact, the Hunger Games series was heavily inspired by 5gum adverts.
Fun fact: In Kazakhstan and Russia, there is a flavor called "Muse" mint chocolate chip. It tastes more mint than chocolate, but smells more chocolate than mint. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMiFAeD18t8
when i was in 6-7th grade i had an illegal smuggling operation where i sold 5gum flavors that werent available in my country at exorbitant prices. good times. it all went downhill after that
cool vid but 5 still has alot of meme marketing just the clips are uhh not what they want
"Stock footage of what companies think young people do."  11:15, now wait a minute. A bunch of kids on their phones, that's pretty realisti- ... wait no, they are touching grass... I concede that's not very realistic, carry on.
I never even noticed the flavors being taken off the market until now! I'm over here jonesin' for some Lush and I'll never be able to buy a pack. It's quaaludes all over again. :'(   Real talk, when I think of 5 I think of high school. Goin' to town on like half a pack while doodling in my notebook. Always had a pack in my pocket and if I didn't it felt like something was missing.
wrigley made 5 gum??? . hell, if i would have known that.... i NEVER would have bought some!!!! the ads made it look like their was a special research chemical in it that would make your skin tingle and your balls shrink/nips get hard like its -50F . and i NEVER saw a display like at 1:13 that says "Wrigley's" on it..... they hid that pretty well  (and i think i know why.... because people know that Wrigley's is boomer gum) . . i think the whole idea behind 5 gum was to advertise to people my age (millennials) just like the 90s and the X-tream advertising
That commercial with they guy laying on the metal balls really got me as a middle schooler. I was convinced that chewing the cobalt flavor was the most minty refreshing sensation man could experience. Even today when I rarely chew gum, it's always 5 Cobalt if I do get some.  I consider myself pretty savvy when it comes to ignoring advertisements, but 5 Gum wriggled it's way into my brain and never left
0:32 ya.... i thought it had a special chemical in it that would make your skin tingle..... your balls shrink up like its cold out.... make womens nips hard....  . instead its just normal gum......  normal gum with flavor that doesnt even last as long as CHEAP "Juicy fruit".... or like double bubble or similar CHEAP gum . 99% marketing and hype..... 1% gum
Funding those ad campaigns was worth it 😂
W 100K subs
5 gum was certainly very popular in my middle school. I liked it without ever seeing the commercials
Tastes like plastified sh!t tho. Tried them and immediately went back to normal peppermint because the flavor is as chemical as it can and last less than the demographic it seeks to appease does in bed.
To be fair, these commercials did get me to buy the gum.... it wasn't bad gum....
this video is a good perspective on how nobody actually cares about 5 gums brand, how they recognize it, or why they chew it. The commercials were fun. They tried to change their brand. It didnt effect much at all. It wouldnt have any way they went. Nobody cared about the canonicity or flow of the brand of '5 gum'. The only thing that matters to people who arent trying to make a historical video looking at the past of 5 gum would be "how it feels to chew 5 gum" jokes.  I do not think anyone should share my sentiment about the uselessness of everything.
sir, I have never seen you before but you just made me watch a twenty minute video about chewing gum. bravo.
give me the adderall gun NOW!!
I miss stride gum
admittedly, i never tried 5 gum in its heyday because i thought it was caffeinated for some reason and i was already hyper enough.  i wonder if they even make caffeinated chewing gum.
My theory is that the original 5 gum ads were insanely expensive to create. So they took that money and put it into other things like marketing research which is absolute BS instead of actually cool ads that made you WANT 5 gum.
Honestly "I'll give you a piece of gum if you..." *checks gum notes* "go do downward dog on that picnic bench" is pretty fun.
I game with gum but don't really play games in which I need to be talking to anyone much.  '
Chewing 5 gum as I watch this
his face popped up, all i could think was "Pedro Pascal?"
PLEASE can you give the link to the Wrigley's Marketing Presentation 2018? I'll link it if I can find it
The memories this video evokes were locked away for years
The one thing I will mention is when I was working in Esports there were a lot of Korean coaches who made their players chew gum as they believed moving the mouth stopped you from getting distracted outside the game. Anecdotally a big Basketballer (MJ?) would chew his tongue during free throws for the same reason.
Your insights and humor have earned you a new sub. 🌟
atleast i know what 5 gum is ... besides jucy fruit and hubabuba it was one of the best gums in my opinion ... you made a good vid imma gonna like it regardless
wierdly inugh thay had one that tasted like what you smell when you enter the dentist .... call me a wierdo but that was the best one to me ... never found out the name and thay did not have it loong
Marketing can be so cringe
About your comment about how chewing gum improves focus, there is some actual scientific data that supports this. It can be any chewing gum, not just 5 gum.
This was an interesting deep dive into the history of 5 gum advertising, but I gotta ask, do we need new commercials in order to enjoy their product? Do people really feel better about chewing chewing gum because they continue to see advertisements for it? I'll admit their original ad campaign made even me a bit interested in it, and I am almost fiendishly resistant to advertising, but overall the gum just tasted _fine_ . I mean, there's a really limited acceptable flavor profile for chewing gum, and upping the intensity of acceptable tastes is just going to mean that a stick of gum will start to taste boring that much faster.
5 gum, go woke go broke
Mints dissolve, gum gets spit out causing pollution.
The "OK Soda" of chewing gum: 5
I stopped chewing 5 gum because the watermelon flavour was actually staining my teeth pink
Congrats on 100K subs Slow!!  We love you!!
i expected the problem was their target age group growing up into the meme age and ridiculing their advertisement...  how it feels to chew five gum ? .... skatebord flips into somebodys balls....
@slow_star congrats on reaching 100K subs🎉🎉🎉. Keep the content coming. Love it
I have respawn at my kwik star
“No son we have Pedro Pascal at home”
these old 5 gum ads make me wanna watch maze runner
Weirdly enough gum is something that like if gifted to me, I'm like oh cool and I like just tear into them. Though I NEVER find myself buying it lol.
i love how the whole "how it feels to chew 5 gum" thing became such a meme, tbh. it was perfectly memeable material. 10/10.
When I met my now fiancée, I thought her eyes looked beautiful, like icebergs. But I also knew that she would have heard someone say that to her at some point. So what did I tell her? I told her that her eyes looked like what it felt like to chew 5 gum. She thought it was hilarious and we still remember it four years later.
Young Pedro Pascal did me a learn about gum today. I never thought I'd see the day.
displate steals artworks bozo
chewing gum isn't food or a snack. it is plastic.
The new 5 sucks now. I miss the classic "how it feels to chew 5 gum." and the "stimulate your senses." ads.
I didn’t know Pedro Pascal had a YouTube channel! Jk lol, all seriousness though you get look like him. This video made laugh a few times so I’ll give u a like
if your my age! you have come to the  relization that ADVERetising sucks!  and every body that does it is just after your money!  posters!!!!????????????????????????????  not necessary for survival!!!!
I don't care about this topic at all, and I don't buy gum based on brand, but this video was entertaining and interesting, so good job.
Respawn gum was given out at Gamescom 2022, i still have it
7:16 I swear I know that guy from somewhere.
how it chews to gum 5 feels. gum gum 🌀👄🌀  sense your stimulate
I like 5 Gum. It's pretty good gum.
Sorry ill still take Doublemint over all of it.
All 5 has gotta do is make those gum cubes and put them in a cup holder sized container. Slap a logo on there and im probably sold
14:32, wait, isn’t it like literally illegal to make claims like that in advertising without evidence? 😭
5 gum obviously missed the chance to bring the renaissance of gum by selling it to high-stress crypto and GME traders! Idiots, they missed the rocket!
13:44, ohh I was gonna say “is 5 gum even still around anymore” but yeah, im Australian and I’m pretty sure 5 gum is still in certain stores but we certainly don’t see it pretty much at all anymore I’m not soo sure tho, it very well could be discontinued here
Have you ever _shat_ with your pants on?
I remember the edgy packaging, but I've never seen any ads. I've always thought it was something for cigarette smokers or energy drink lovers or some such.
Its that guy from The Last of Us.
Can’t believe this guy isn’t well over a million subs already!!!!
You missed a spot. Why did we stop chewing gum in 2008? Because kids brought those mouse-trap gum stick gags that literally split thumbnails and drew blood. It just took one time...  Trust no one.
Tbh, i feel like "status seeking" probably describes just about every 14-25 year old on the planet. Certainly the 14-18 boys in school, if you're not occasionally seeking status you are literally cast away.
I guess the 5gum brand only really struck in the US or Australia, but in Europe it wasn't cool or trendy at any time.
I stopped chewing gum once I found out how it's made.
I literally have never seen a 5 ad.  I also haven't chewed a piece of gum in probably 35 years.   But I would have loved being on the team being tasked with "desperate and ridiculous."
I remember seeing the commercials as a kid and being almost scared by how mysterious they were: I literally thought the gum was too adult for me to chew.
This guy looks like a more twinkish Pedro pascal and it’s awesome
I still prefer chewing gum, because I just like chewing gum... Either its gum or pens, pencils, or even my fingernails... I have a habit, and gum is the perfect outlet. I will always be a diehard gum enjoyer
You only got one thing wrong with this video, I'm sorry to be pointing it out: we do NOT gank top. We gank bot, we gank mid, we invade, but we do NOT, EVER, gank top.
Ah, how to be 14 again and think having a pack of 5 and offering it around made me instantly cooler, even though I never bothered buying gum before.   Who buys gum these days anyway?
I was in high school and college in the 2000s, and I remember that intense mints were something of a fad throughout that era.  Altoids mints, those Listerine breath strips...anything you could dare your friends to eat two of at a time was gonna be a hit.  All you had to do was write "INTENSE MINT" on the package and have a couple great financial quarters.  That was 20 years ago, I don't know if that would work today, but...yeah.
Shill
They’re advertisements. They’re antithetical to sincerity.
As an Australian, it was truly a dark day when we couldn't get 5 gum in our kangaroo grocery deliveries 😞
"Pandering... To gamers." And then I got a mountain dew ad during his following stare
People actually eat chips while gaming? Since when is that a thing? Makes even less sense than gum, as you need a free hand. You'll also get grease all over your devices.
I loved the packaging but the aspartame taste is off putting. I feel like I’m chewing chemicals. And the marketing theme of “dark hedonism” always kind of creeped me out, especially since they were aimed at young teens
i love this guy.  how is this the first time i've seen him?
the only thing i remember 5 Gum for nowadays is that  "How it chews to 5 gum feel gum gum 🍥👄🍥 sense your stimulate-" post
Are you Blake Ritson?
The only 5gum commercials I've seen have been the 2014 commercials on Spotify last year lol
As someone who works in marketing and advertising I cannot tell you how accurate the representation of people in a boardroom high fiving over stupid statistics that mean nothing actually is. Thankfully I now work for a company that loves creative ideas but I have endured many places where they are happiest of you include a whole proposal of cheap stock photos.
How it feels to chew 5 Gum the orignal is how it shoudla been and stayed,  like its the vibe the feelignthe taste the exterience , not a status symbol or gucci clothing
Gum is not a food product. You don't eat gum.
They had the coolest ads. It was the entire reason I bought them, and the intense flavor you’d get. It’d be a smack in the face of Spearmint or Cinnamon. 😂
I still chew five gums.   I think the problem with advertising to young people today is that they are so different from how kids in the 90s and early 2000s were
This is a terrible shame, because I swear to God fives flare was probably one of the best cinnamon gums I've ever that came from a supermarket
Weird thing is that I have not had any sort of gum in the last 10 years at least, but when I think of each 5 gum package I can remember the taste almost exactly.
I honestly thought the brand name was "New 5 Gum"
Back in the day I always grabbed the correct 5gum to color match the claw marks on my monster energy cans
Funny how they went advertising their gum to hippies.
I still remember the old "How it feels to chew 5 Gum" and "Stimulate your Senses" ads. I was only born in 2006, so for me it was a while ago, and I forgot a lot of it. But the ads are memorable, now a lot of ads seem to not even try to interest you in their products.
I'm watching because I'm into marketing
Pedro Pascal?
Yea I find that I only keep chewing gum in my car.  Almost always specifically to freshen my breath when im going to do something.  Be it like a interview, work, a sneaky link, but only for that. As a gamer, yea nah I have no desire to chew gum, im either drinking something or enjoying a snack for consumption, not to worry about a trash can near by to dispose of you feel me?  Interesting video though, im glad that you made it. 🦾
I remember gaming while chewing gum being popular at the arcade during the Street Fighter II days in 1992 because there was a rack of gum and candy machines right outside of Aladdin's Castle that took dimes. The candy would sell out very quickly which left gum for the SF2 crowd that showed up in the evening.
On the concentration point, chewing something does increase focus in some small way, helps when I'm driving sometimes
absolute banger closing line
This was/is US-only brand, right?
I wouldn't buy gum for myself, because I've probably only had like 3 sticks in the past 5 years; and I wouldn't buy it for someone else, risking them sounding so fucking disgusting as they chew with their mouth open wider than casting couch vag.
It's wild to me that this video has just popped up on my feed. Not even a week ago, I made a remark to my sister about how 5 gum just kinda fell off? It's still around, but with two fairly bland flavors and none of the original marketing. While I will admit I was one of those middle school; boys who religiously chewed 5 gum and kind of made it part of my identity for awhile, it was such a genuinely cool, interesting, and actually nice product? The array of flavors was large enough that they never got old; I would just alternate between them and exchange the packs with my friends if we had a flavor the other hadn't tried before. The commercials were so cool and interesting to watch, and it really drove me and my friends to want to go out and actually buy 5 gum. I genuinely miss those times and hope that someday, all those flavors will come back, because I will absolutely buy more gum if that's ever the case
I don't know what is more cringe, the way that ad is about manipulating millenials, or how clearly it's targeted to Gen X executives.
Why thank you Mr. Pedro Pascal for the info
5 is cool an all but im still hung up on that sandwich gum. "No body pays me in gum"
Holy shit I didn't know Pedro Pascal had a youtube channel
I'm still annoyed that they discontinued their cinnamon flavor. Was it the best? Probably not. But it helped redirect a lot of nervous energy in college and I've yet to find a replacement.  Also, I'm embarrassed to admit that I am one of those people who chew gum while gaming. I know, I'll see myself out.
One could say, their marketing campaign didn't have a *slow start*
Andover all your money
May your channel be blessed by the algorithm!
weirdly enough while in highschool back in 2010 it was girls that were buying it more than the "seeking males"
Ahh so that's where the meme's came from...
can’t believe i’m watching a 20 minute video about chewing gum for divorced dads
Honestly were really cool commercials to watch early on. I had always liked spearmint flavors and went through a fair bit of gum and tried pretty much all brands, if I recall correctly 5 was one of the ones that had a lasting flavor whereas many others seemed to dissipate to nothing within a minute or so.
I remember in the late 2000's when 5 gum came out. It didn't matter how lame, nerdy, poor, or generally uncool you were, all it took to jump to the top of the cool list was to pull out a pack of 5 gum in the classroom and pass a few pieces around. People would crowd up and offer anything they had, especially food, just to get a few pieces. Monster energy drinks, Axe body spray, and 5 gum were the epitome of coolness in high school.
to be fair,,, when i think gum i now think five gum and now buy it the rare times i buy gum. it may be edgy but it works
everything they did was based.
The nerd just called Master Chief edgy.
I don't want to sound like "uumm actually!", but I used to chew gum while gaming, while in VC I just muted and if I needed to talk I just put the gum under my tong so it didn't annoy anyone
If they just flat out became who they used to be, and released an absolutely nutty over the top commercial, I think they'd find success again.
These guys are gonna have the worst links and no categories.
Yeah, I'm 33 now and still think the commercials were amazing. The packaging for the gum looked cool as shit too. Not to mention the god tier memes that spawned from "how it feels to chew 5 gum"
Speaking from personal experience, the discord noise remover mostly solves the noise issue. You mouth may vary.
Wait, Razer actually did that mask thing? I thought I was hallucinating.
I actually do chew gum when playing video games
So instead of sticking with cool, overly extreme visuals (and sound!) to play up what 'sensations' you get chewing their gum, they instead went back into boring/generic marketing.  Makes sense.
6:31 Those 90s Juicy Fruit ads were thirsty af.
I don't see why they don't use the "How it feels to chew 5 Gum" slogan anymore. Nostalgia bait is the best way to go.
5 Gum is still one of the best gums out there. Flavor last a looooong time.
my slightly less prebubescent boy brain was captivated by these commericals.
Here's the bigger problem: People don't like gum. As a kid, I felt like there was some kind of brain washing to convince everyone that "Hey! These overbearing flavors that will make the entire room smell like some nauseating variant on mint are great! I can't wait to chew the flavor out of it for 30 seconds and then be left with a wad of inedible gross sticky rubber that I need to find a trash can for!" From the looks of things, I was right, since I hardly see anybody my age actually use gum for anything ever. If they were smart, they'd go from gum to an actual candy that dissolves in your mouth, but I suspect they're not going to do that.
That gum is amazing! I mix a stick of it in some water and it becomes a super powerful insecticide! Killed all the roaches in my apartment complex within days!
Wanna hear something funny? For some reason YouTube doesn’t show me any commercials I do not subscribe to that pay service they have. I’ve binge watched YouTube exclusively all day.  I don’t have a TV provider and I don’t watch TV at all. So for the past say about seven years, I have not seen a single commercial of any sort, except for the sponsorships of the YouTube creators. Every single commercial, you show news to me.
Not even joking when I say this but after they stopped the "How it feels to chew five gum" adverts I thought they had discontinued the product. I Had no idea it still existed.
The only bad part about this video is learning how he chews gum like some monkey that forgot to evolve.
Maybe things changed, but when i was a middle and high schooler, Having any gum immediately made you popular. 5Gum was the coolest option for this. If you had 5Gum, you were more popular than other kids who also had gum. Also any time anyone did anything, someone would immediately say "how it feels to chew 5 gum" and then at least 20% of those nearby would laugh.
fantastic video!! got here before 100k subs. remember me!! merry xmas
yo good video!! here before 100k. remember me!! merry xmas & happy new year
tbh i didnt know they did anything other than the "how it feels" ads. never saw a single one. had no clue they were fumbling so badly.
i dunno man i like to chew gum while im on the pc.. helps me not snack all the time n such. its a good distraction. and like yeah im sure its annoying for my friends but they know to tell me if it gets too annoying and ill just mute myself for a bit, its no biggy. you make it sound so sacrilegious to chew gum around people
honestly if they held out a bit longer they coulda hopped on the cyberpunk hype... Gunfire for cinnamon, Netrunner icebath for mint, etc, all in style of their old ads
They could literally just pull a Taco Bell and rebrand for brief periods of time using white packaging and “new refreshing flavors” based on things like lemon-lime or light berry, etc. Like a collab with La Croix would get them a lot of headway imo.   Anyways, I would like $300,000, nothing crazy.
I hate chewing gum.
silly billy
I swear if they just stayed with the same over-the-top “how it feels to chew 5 gum” advertisements and just kept turning up the creativity of that same idea they probably would have been doing just fine, people loved those ads and it made me (someone who rarely bought gum) actually choose to buy it. Instead they over corrected personally in response to a market-wide decrease in gum sales that they had not made by their own mistake, and by changing that good thing they just made their sales plummet even further.
The first time I chewed five gum, I was punched in the teeth in a bar because a guy thought I was someone else.   It was the cinnamon kind and I almost choked to death on it. If that's what it's like to chew five gum then I'm never purchasing nor chewing it ever again.
i remember seeing people chewing on 5 gum all the time back in the day, and then i have not seen a single pack for years till earlier this year, when visiting clients house i noticed a worn out pack that for some reasons was still just sitting around, when it must've been there for years
“How it feels to chew 5 gum..”  Me: (swats my friends job so he could have the day off work)  5 Gum: “Stimulate your senses.”
I literally chew gum when I play games. It's really good for stimulating your brain.
Discount Pedro Pascal?
smart oompaville
Can somebody please explain to me why zoomers cannot pronounce and enunciate the letter "t" ? Why?
I chew gum all the time especially while gaming 😂
How hard would it be for them to look back at their old marketing and products and see that sales were clearly better back then and that they should do the same thing again? Seriously, how hard is that to do?? The fact that most game companies nowadays (and honestly every industry nowadays is affected by this same BS) have the same issue with their new games being garbage in comparison to their old stuff is just ridiculous. Everybody knows what would really make the most money for absolutely anything (GIVING PEOPLE WHAT THEY WANT!!!). We're not talking orbital mechanics here, we're literally talking common sense and basic math.
my first contact with 5 gum was seeing their advert for the 90th time and thinking " oy guys. you are REALLY overacting on this one..... it cant be THAT impressive"  went to get a pack of 5gum and DAMN. it was THE best gum i tried  till this day.
what five fell for was the stupid wokewashing craze that other brands employed
You know, the fact one of Wrigleys largest plants was in fucking *Toronto* leaves me questioning even more why I only ever saw Cobalt and Rain in Ontario. Litterally never saw any other flavors.
every time text comes up on the screen, i feel like i'm being molested by a keyboard
Is this paid by 5? Because after seeing this I want a pack
this is how it feels to chew 5 gum
thx i finally understand the meme now
When I was a kid I thought it was a literal drug hahaha
I still reference 5 gum marketing its a pretty solid meme
bought a pack, pure ass, never bought another again.
17:17 - I get you're probably playing this only for a joke here but just in case it's a little excessive lol. I used to chew gum in order to get away from nicotine products and my friends and I were on Discord they were (mostly) unable to tell. And we're all brutally honest people, they would've told me to stfu if it was bothering them.
i always thought 5 ads had the aesthetic of Gillet advertisement
They were so popular in Namibia, you'd find them in almost every store. Now you rarely see them anywhere, as in I never see them at any of the big stores or gas stations and even before 2020 less stores sold them. It was my favourite gum and I still keep an eye out for them.
How it feels to chew 5 gum (Crashes market)
"axe bodyspray of gum" is the actual perfect description. both made to get the money outta teenage.boys pockets
I haven't seen a pack of 5 Gum in over thirteen years. And was reminded it was a thing last week when I found a 5 Gum branded metal tin - you know, to hold the pack of gum - in a box with other junk I'd kept from back then.
I didn't even know 5 gum came out in 2007. I guess I was to busy trying to survive.
I had a friend that liked it all: 5ive, Axe, Bawls, all the different Mountain Dew flavors (before it became MTN Dew *ugh*). Those were wild times.
Just another example of neoliberal capitalism spinning out of control. Companies don't have a true identity these days. They are interested in money, EVERYTHING else is secondary - identities, culture, humans, society's stability, enviromental pollution.  Everything can and will be corrupted for profit, if deemed necessary and as long as liabilty can be deflected.
"Five Gum would enjoy over half a decade of well earned success." Just say five years. Calling five years half of a decade is one of the dumbest ways to try and make something sound longer lived than it was, like it has more gravity that way. "How long have you been working here?"  "One-quarter of two decades."  Just say five years.
i didnt know pedro pascal had a youtube channel
I was a tween who chewed a lot of 5 Gum, specifically Rain and Cobalt, during my middle school days. Thankfully, I never used Axe, just Old Spice Swagger deodorant.
I still think that 5 is one of the best gums taste wise, it's just too expensive. Last time I bought gum was over 6 months ago, and I still have a fair bit left.
The got rid of my favorite flavor, the purple/black one called "glare". If they still made it, then I would buy 5 gum all the time... It was so good.
A lot of men are lifetime consumers. I watched old Dutch ads at an age when I was easily influenced. The product was good enough and now I like it. This gum unfortunately doesn't taste as good as excel so the ads were no good.
I chew gum 24/7 and don't sound like your example, I'm not a heathen. I'm addicted to nicotine gum. Chew it and plant.
I don't share pieces of gum because since 2013 I've been exclusively chewing nicotine gum. It's lead to some awkward situations where I decline to share a piece because I don't want to expose people to an addictive substance un wittingly. I'm glad I no longer smoke cigarettes, but I wish I didn't depend on this simulant. EDIT: lol watching this video further, nicotine definitely helps me focus better, its not the gum aspect though, it's the nicotine.
You didn't even mention the Nipple ads...
so in other words, you were their target audience back then
budget pedro pascal spittin fax
Im surprised 5 gun didn't have an ad where a dude is seeing a dominatrix at a BDSM dungeon.  I would die of laughter if someone made a parody ad of it.
Meanwhile Sakeru Gum (Long Long man) ads are great at selling their gum with crazy ass story with plot twist lmao.
Fine! Ill watch this bloody video! Youtubes been pestering me to watch it for a week
And they want $28 for fkn gum??? are they completely insane lol
Im so excited to be here before 100k subs. This man is going places 😎. Fantastic video!!! Fun, informative, great editing funny, this was great. Cant wait to see more ❤
5:03 WTF is with "child today"
As a European, I had never heard of this brand.
The problem is that these out of hand over the top ad campains wont work today anymore. The youth changed and what the early 2000 kids liked in an ad is what the new generation hates. The old people campain is obviously cringe but I think the gaming industry was the best option here. The target group is still 14-25 and almost everyone is playing some sort of game today. The other option I could think of would be to target the party people and sell it as a cool gum to chew on partys. But gum is just not popular anymore and thats the main problem. The adcampain wont fix a crumbling market
The 5 gum porn memes were gold
17:43 "It's gum"  😂🤣😂🤣
Honestly tho, 5 gum made some amazing memes, and I bought them until they got into the disgusting layers stuff that gave me canker sores... 14 to 25 year olds?? More like 7 to 45 year olds. Me and my dad loved 5 gum
I am from Sweden and have been totally unaware of the 5 brand gums. A a kid I enjoyed sweet and flavoured gums. As an adult I sometimes ate gums to improve my breath. To market gums for online gaming is crazy as pointed out in the video
So thats what happened to 5
your video is doing more to make me want to find a 5 gum package than any advertising I've seen in 10 years lol
Gum is literally made from crude oil. Mmmmm...
I'm truly watching Pedro Pascal explaining why the ads for gum brand that isnt even available in my country aren't as good as they used to be 10 years ago
I saw all of the ads for 5 gum. I thought: "Yep. I'm not buying that."
Tbh, I like to chew on things while playing and I usually have some vitamin suplements everyday. So I can totally see younger me buying the "gamer gum". Still, yeah, for team online games like MOBAs and FPS, it would be awful. Also, for the same reason, chewing gum is generally NOT a social thing.   Since you need to chew and it produces saliva, the noise and spit are exactly the mood killers that you should avoid. Not that breathmints are free of that, but you won't be spiting on the girl you are trying to hit on as easily. You can also put a mint under your tongue or behind your teeth while kissing and it will dissolve. Gum, specially if you wear braces, will make weirder. It can stick and stretch, taking away the focus from your tongue.
How it chews to gum 5 feel   Sense your stimulate
I'm not sure what the "Andrew Tate" comment was. They said "status seekers", not "rapists".
How it chews to gum 5 feels 💯💀💀
This is silly
can we get a sequel about stride mystery gum. as someone who's teenage years were the 2010's that gum was *the* shit
Say what you will, 5 Gum has ultimately succeeded as here you are speaking about the brand to over a million people.
nice 5 gum ad!
I was so hyped to try it, but honestly it was mediocre. Very forgetable. No senses were stimulated. 2/5. cool packaging though
Mustache Idubbbz going over 5 gum is awesome.
Seriously the drop in flavor variety is pathetic.
I never once saw a ad for 5 gum but used to buy it when I went to get gas
To be fair though, somebody who can't chew bubble gum silently shouldn't be in your contact list anyway.
The Swampletics displate. A man of culture i see.
The memes lasted longer than the gum did lol
Why is Youtube recommending me a 20 minute documentary about gum? Ridiculous.
The first rebrand, and the gaming transition I don't think are the worst ideas.
What I dislike about all these adds and media with gaming rgb razer aesthetic being everywhere is that you'll never know if it's an interview with the LoL world champion or the new burger King combo
I chew gum while playing games sometimes but never multiplayer games or in vc lol
There is a huge difference between bubble gum and chewing gum.  Bubble gum tends to be stretchier to make it easier to blow bubbles with while chewing gum tends to be chewier to help promote saliva production.    Chewing gum while playing games could help give you focus regardless of the additives in the gum as the repetitive mindless action of chewing in the background of your brain helps to keep you focused on the task at hand.  A vast majority of people chewing on chewing gum also tend not to make obnoxious noises with it (i.e. they chew with their mouth closed and pause chewing when they want to talk).  Personally I tend to listen to fast paced EDM when I am playing fast paced FPS games as it helps keep my brain on edge with the beat along with keeping my brain focused on the task at hand and chewing gum would likely have the same kind of effect on me.  5 gum going down the gaming gum route would actually be in their wheelhouse if they kept their original marketing strategy but the completely random marketing attempts in between the "Stimulate your senses" and whatever the gaming gum slogan is has really muddied up their market niche.  They could have easily made commercials that tied in well with the original ad campaign too to help reinforce the "How it feels to chew 5 gum" marketing slogan.
"Hey, what should we name the peppermint one?"  "Mmm, how about we name it after a lethal poison that also gives no clue what it tastes like."
“We cant gank top like that!” Gotta be one of the best lines I’ve heard lately
Small, delicate, female hands. 🤣🤣
I remember seeing 5gum memes and thinking I wish we had that in Poland, then went to London had it "at least it's better than Orbit"
what if someone sued them for making them think they were selling DMT.
Tbh if I actually did have gum right now I would be chewing gum while gaming lol. I just dont buy gum anymore as an adult, I worked with food pretty much my entire adult life so far so cant chew it at work, and normally when I'm in the checkout lane its either self scan so im just trying to go home or if its worked by an employee im like at best buy so I want to get home and use whatever new hardware I got
I dunno, I have gum beside my keyboard when I play and it's usually 5. Nobody I know smacks their lips like that while they chew gum.   And I can't fucking believe I'm talking about gum. Such a weird hill to die on.
5 gum was honestly one of the best gums i've ever experienced.
Andrew *Taint
I remember as a little kid i loved the 5gum ads, and now that I've realized i haven't watched one since nearly a decade i kinda miss them and feel a little nostalgic about it XD  Is this how becoming an adult and growing older feels like? This kinda sucks
So THAT'S what happened to 5 gum
Personally I have gum while gaming, but that's just because I like it, not because I see it as a Hip And Cool Thing To DoTM. So yes, that does exist. It's just not necessarily common.
*I Don't Understand, It Worked For The * 🍊🦧
i was so disappointed you didn't put the clip of the guy slamming through a door at the end.
Dang, they really went from "how it feels to chew 5 gum" to "how it feels to chew gum." Neat video!
ViewSonic    ...i cant!
Is that Diego Luna presenting this video? 👁👁
Anybody remember the old Polar Ice commercials? Some guy getting attacked by a yeti, and then it says "Don't chew new Polar Ice gum." I thought that was so nuts as a kid, like why would they tell us not to buy it? But obviously it worked cuz I still remember it to this day.
Who let pedro pascal cook 🔥🔥
Pedro Pascal has podcast?
5:46 gave me immense Dorkly Vibes.  Miss those guys.
the gum smacking on the discord was completely ridiculous. just made the whole video seem stupider than a 5 ad.
Thanks for the content, younger Pedro Pascal
What a great video about gum made by Pedro Pascal!
Is that Twin Peaks music or am I genuinely confused
Can we take a moment to appreciate that Swampletics poster? Cheers for that
I remember first seeing it along with Axe in Guitar Hero III. Was pretty sweet. Still enjoy the blue one today, lasts the best
I have never seen any 5 advertisement. But i once bought the orange ones cause they were discounted and got hooked for years before they dissapeared from stores randomly.  Also if you can't hang a picture, you should also hire a nanny to cut your meat :D
i have to say  my friend was in usa to visit family and he brought me some 5gum  and it was the best gum ive ever chewed  and i mean it  but i remember it was packed a bit different than in new comercials  it wasnt a leaf  and as it looked a bit more like these hard shell gums  it was really soft and had so strong taste to it idk what it was exactly but it was for sure blue packaging
I chew gum whist gaming, but that's because I have an addiction
I just remember Costco had a giant bundle of 5gum for a cheap price, eventually hated the rain flavor from how much I had.
17:25 You can only do that if you have your Discord configured incorrectly. Don't pretend like you didn't change anything!
Lmao How it feels to chew 5 gum was iconic. Especially with that one video on the Important Videos playlist
News flash: we are not in the late 2000's yet.
ayo bruh is that squishymuffinz what the butts
ths video got that adhd editing style
Glad I saw this in recommended videos. Solid editing mate. Subbed!
9:46 XQC?
19:18 oh it's a joke haha
the its gum part killed me lmao
not that you asked, but since you asked: I am in fact chewing gum and playing a video game while watching this. Pack it up slow start, you’re finished. 😤
Yes, the initial Five gum advertising was great.
tbh hanging a picture probably is beginner level lol. Its basically a nail in the model
I actually do chew gum while gaming because no crumbs and doesn’t carry the risks of emptying an entire bag before you realize it like other snack foods. That being said, 5 gum is probably the single worst gum for gaming because it loses it’s flavor so quickly. Long lasting flavor is the single most important quality for gum to chew while gaming or working. Softer gums also are less noisy, which 5 gum tends to be pretty stiff in consistency too.
Ngl, Solstice is and still my fav 5-Gum.   Edit: It's less annoying for someone chewing gum into a microphone than potato chips (at least when it's not done on purpose), and unlike potato chips, gum doesn't damage your controller or keyboard, so yes, I do take gum when I play.
plot twist: this whole video was an ad for 5 gum lol
plot twist: their latest marketing trick is getting slow start to make a video about them. I kinda want a 5 gum now
I chew gum while gaming...
12:55 MAKE not LOVE WAR
The original 5 ads were def my favorite, and I totally did love that gum in HS. Too bad I had to give up gum cause it kept pulling my fillings out.
TBH i'd just say they got boring. Thats it.  And it was their choice too
He’s like the Coffeezilla guy
Five gum should advertise to the enby crowd now.. but not im a super pandery way. I think they can make a comeback as the edgy luxury functional gum.  Advertise to depressed 20-30 something's with no time or energy to brush your teeth. Advertise to looksmaxxers by adding mastic gum into the mix. Advertise to professionals who want nice teeth by adding pearl powder and hydroxyapatite.
I think you're right how give us the axe of gum. The sentimental elders gum campaign reminds me of axe trying to do progressive inclusive masculinity with their "find your magic" campaign.😅
I just want a goddamned citrus gum again like Trident used to have ffs
Extra is the way to go
Respawn was nice. Fav gum during covid
Mad i just found your channel now
I thought 5 referred to how many minutes the flavor lasted for
no gum will ever be better than 5 gum black edition the fruit mystery flavored one not the mint one
Lol, I’m actually chewing Respawn gum right now. Didn’t have a clue about any of this, I was given like 70 gum packets by Razer for spending serious cash. To be fair, never seen increased performance, but they do taste real good.
We used to take 5 gum wrappers in school, lick both sides and the foil will come off and you can stick it to stuff. You were not only dedicated, but super cool if you had a notebook cover completely coated in 5 gum wrappers.
5 gum always gave me a headache
Holy shit.   How do you only have 97.9K subs? This video is great!  I always wondered what happened to this brand. I haven't seen it in Scotland since probably around the same time of its down fall.  My most prominate memory of 5Gum was when I was maybe 7 years old, I dropped my packet of 5Gum and it was immediately claimed by a rogue branch of ants. I've still never forgiven those little fuckers.
I never even saw anything about 5 gum after the first wave of Truth or Dare gum. It was cool, it seemed new, its original ad slogan was and is iconic, but then it disappeared. I had no idea that they changed brand image so many times after that, but it makes sense, because these rebrandings sucked.
I only remember the first wave of ads
Watching this video feels a dream
Tbh this just proves none of us actually liked 5 gum and we were just played by the ads.
I loved 5 gum. Maybe it was the marketing or my age as a 14-25 female  status seeker, but the flavor was really good. Packaging was pretty nice too
ayo pedro pascal?
In Austria, they have literally removed the Strip Design and instead used a fucking Cube.
The edgier gum and names were one thing but its really the packaging that made it stand above the rest. It was in a sleek black foldable packet. It had such a thin and chic design, it was both the gentleman's and edge lord's gum. Till this day I prefer it due to size, compared to Dentyne's box o gum and mentos fat jug.
I was the target audience, and it worked really well. Gum was a big deal to all the boys in middle school.
Pffft, if Wrigley really wanted to get "back to its roots" of being the hit product for youth, they should have gone into the marijuana market. Seriously, advertising your gum to give either a long-lasting or short duration high would sell so much gum... (Delta 8 Gum apparently beat them to a decent naming brand, unless they rebrand 5 Gum to 420 Gum ;p)
Wrigley's this isn't how it feels to chew 5 gum. This is cringe. Stop.
I remember pulling the foil off to decorate my textbooks and binders
I never tried this gum, I didn't even know about any of their marketing. I only know it from walking through town, it's the 5 Gum packaging trash which I encountered everywhere....
wait hold on. i want an RGB facemask.
13:15 lmaooo
Dude i hate gum but those early 5 Ads made me want to chew gum
itsnotwill7
Well they hit bottom, id go after the weed market.  5 Gum Feel the Buzz.   The commercial could be like What it feels to chew five gum, and its just infinite sofa coaches you fall into or something like that.  (Never smoked actual weed so not sure if that is an apt visual of its sensation.)
This video just showing me the old commercials is the best 5 Gum commercial I've seen in a bit, I actually bought some because of it lol, they really fumbled hard
Interesting content, funny host, killer production values. I’m surprised to see how few videos you have. If you did a video like this every month, you’d rocket right up into the multimillion-subscriber stratosphere.
I never chew gum while gaming, out of the respect for my teammates
Sure the initial marketing was great but at the end of the day this is chewing gum they're selling, which at best is hardly different from any competitor and was bound to run out of time as a cool fad
half of this makes no sense, wrigley's owns most breaths mints brands too.
u look like pedro pascal
5.... I remember 5, still not as good of a name as Seven!
Dude you look like Pedro Pascal
Damn I could actually taste the rain flavor while watching this. I completely forgot how much I bought into that ad campaign
Air Action Vigorsol had some pretty crazy ads too: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6cw0KNIQPQ
Never actually tried it, only know the memes.
I had no idea about any of this.  I just get which ever gum is on sale on the rack when I'm at checkout.  Here's an idea.  Stop over-charging for ef'n gum. ^_^
"we can't gank top like that" we dont gank top anyways brother
Isn't it hilarious that a 20 year old in his parents house has a better marketing strategy than a team of MBAs paid millions of dollars? Corporate clowns.
We need an edgy renaissance. It will take our willingness to look at it and agree on it being cool.
Gum for dumb marketing victims. Makes the consumer look like a total tool. Like Axe or Monster.
Why am I sitting here listening to Pedro Pascal talking about chewing gum?
the axe body spray of gumz
As someone that "respawn gum" should have been advertised to (not cus I would buy it, I fit the demo) I literally never heard of it. What surprised me even more though is the fact that they drop the frankly iconic "How it feels to chew 5-gum, stimulate your senses."
The thing about 5 Gum is that it was trying to be "Cool and Hip" which put a harsh time-limit on its marketability. Where as something like Hubba Bubba is "Retro" which makes it timeless. Old fashioned stuff never goes out of fashion.
Never really paid much attention to the ads for 5 gum, but it is one of my goto's for mint gums, cause I quite like cobalt, and the watermelon ain't terrible.
Describing 5 as the "axe bodyspray of gum" feels very accurate. And axe has similarly fallen from grace due to a failure to successfully pivot their marketing. The 5 marketing was brilliant in its time but it obviously had to change. But the total change of direction was obviously the wrong move. The "how it feels to chew 5 gum" could easily be associated with the extreme sports world a la redbull. Gum is no redbull but I feel like that would be their best chance.   I'll be expecting a check in the mail from Wrigley with my consulting fee.
I bought some 5 gum for the first time in years, and a few days later, I see this video.Crazy
Sounds like someone is salty that their senses never got stimulated the way they expected.
I will say, that Respawn Pomegrante flavor actually went hard. Just bought one of those packs and it was actually pretty good, never got it again because I don't really chew gum, might buy one pack once or twice a year. I did try the Respawn energy drink stuff and it was alright, tried each of their flavors because never bought other boxes or anything else after the initial buy. As for chewing gum while gaming, I used to do it while I was younger, but I also never chewed gum loudly, and I don't chew with my mouth open so it was never picked up on microphones, I'm a loud speaker so I would have my microphone volume now, even now I have it set pretty low.
my mom used to buy the pink flavor and i dont know what it was supposed to taste like but i remember the flavor vividly
I think I bought 5 only once. Give us the oldschool packs. Everything is about nostalgia now. Edgy people will whip a Spearmint in your face and then refuse to share a blade, because "You can't find this anywhere bro".
I bought it once and it tasted like sh*t so never again. I’d rather have juicy fruit😂
4:01 uhhhh it's right there on the packaging... 4:03
Damn Pedro pascal really fell off
My mic never pics up chewing gum...also who chews that intentionally loudly lol.
i dont chew gum but i can honestly see the appealing as a gaming "snack" since one stick could keep you chewing for awhile and thats a much better alternative than fucking doritos, wont mess up your keyboard or fingers.
I love 5 gum, and I always loved the packaging no matter how corny it is
They should’ve stuck with the original ad campaign. Sometimes it’s best not to try and fix something that isn’t broken. I loved 5 Gum. I probably would even have bought some of their “gamer” rebrand because I like something to chew on when I’m concentrating. But the “stimulate your senses” campaign was the best. Obviously a YouTuber gamer wouldn’t want to do it, because people would notice and probably complain about hearing the chewing noise over the microphone. I miss the old 5 Gum. I think they would have changed the image of the gum market if given enough time. It was plagued by bad timing and worse marketing campaigns the closer it got to pandemic. If I saw the old “Stimulate Your Senses” pack back on the shelves, I’d start buying it again promptly.
You get the subscribe, for the gank top or rush b joke
I will never ever call it by its real name but the gamer gum ain’t bad I. Like it, maybe because I know it’s lowkey dangerous and if I just let a kid swallow the whole pack he’d have a caffeine overdose
First time viewer. You can't fool me, young clone of Pedro Pascal. I'm onto you.
anyone else get the feeling that we'd be a utopia if advertising just didnt work on people?
To be completely fair, these campaigns probably never reached my country. BUT I've learnt about the existence of 5 Gum, because when I moved to UK, they were selling taurine and caffeine induced gums directed at gamers, and I was working nights, so it went right up my alley. Unfortunately, it was pulled off the shelves shortly after. Devastating blow.
Who knew Pedro Pascal was so passionate about gum?
some people just have gum when they game
What I find particularly baffling about their intense advertising campaign is that the product is actually pretty good. I was introduced to the brand ages back when a friend just gave me a piece and didn't really explain anything. I was surprised by how long it lasted, which is the main reason I don't chew gum - the flavor is gone almost instantly. That wasn't the case with 5 Gum, and looking back I find it pretty funny how they actually had what other brands claim (long-lasting flavor) but instead they ignore it entirely to chase trends.  I also hadn't seen the 'stimulate your senses' ads until I was already in the midst of a 5 Addiction, so it didn't play much of a role. They also didn't seem that unusual for the time, albeit a strange choice for a gum brand. Definitely noticed they've been getting much more tame over recently years but man... I didn't know their past was quite this indecisive.
Holy shit it makes so much sense why 5 gum disappeared off the map
Video concept was intriguing so I clicked and was immediately jumpscared by baby pedro pascal 🤣 (it's a complement I promise)  Main thing though is great video! Loved the editing and you kept the video essay interesting and I never wanted to skim or click off! (Which is again the highest compliment I can't give considering my attention span)  *edited for typo
eh, I'm just gonna  stick with orbits. lol surprisingly good video considering it's about gum .
How you gonna talk about no brand identity but ripoff call me Carson, drew gooden and wendover productions in one video
17:43 ok but no one *ACTUALLY* chews gum like that realistically. If you chew gum like that, I will exclusively believe you are doing it to annoy people purposefully. That or you have a disability/injury of some sort that messes with your control of your mouth.
Reminds me of the 4loco documentary. Yes 4loco...
PEDRO PASCAL IS THAT YOU?!!
I can't believed they actually, unironically targeted gamers.
never learned to chew gum with your mouth closed I see.
Bro, clicked out of boredom, but your delivery and commentary on the rather mundane topic has got me laughing so hard, you are now my new youtube rabbit hole, well done lol
people really dont chew gum anymore???? i love gum!!!!
19:50 who the fuck chews gum like this????
I know fully well how it feels to chew 5 Gum. There was one time I fell asleep in class with some in my mouth, and by the time I woke up, it became a flavorless mush. It wasn't even gum at that point.
Bro I stopped watching TV a long time ago, and I have adblockers on adblockers. I had no idea 5 went this cringe, I still thought they're doing the sense thing.  I'm not buying it anymore.
The ad made the gum appear cool and invoking of experience, not that it was adjacent to something cool. How it feels to chew 5 gum, not how it felt to have 5 gum with you doing other stuff.
Ahh that where the that’s how it feels to chew five gum meams came from
4:18 I always took this part to mean that the subject is being bombarded with bits of fruit, so he's being surrouned by the scent of the fruit as well as the tasty juices that manage to get past the metal grates
Also smoking was declining in popularity during that time, so chewing gum was not as “needed” as it used to be, so a huge market for Wrigley vanished.
15:34 lmfao, that caught me so off guard
They could have an ad just showing that testing facility in dramatic lighting and then go to black screen. Do the little effect for a sec.  I'd buy a pack.
I never seen this gum where i live, in brazil
How It Chews To Gum Five Feels, Gum Gum, Sense your simulate.      yes this is copyed I know thanks
Chewed by Yungblud campaign cracks me up!!! There is a website and a video associated with it.  Check it out for a good chuckle.  They're teaming him up with some artist to commemorate his gum????  I don't even want to know!
Thanks for reminding me about the face masks
*juicy fruit ads were the peak of chewing gum, the golden age.*
It's crazy how off the mark marketing has become in general lately! 1% of the ads I see are funny, clever ones that I wouldn't mind seeing again, 75% are ones that leave me thinking "What the heck was that, and who thought it was a good idea?" and 24% are ones that irritate me through their sheer stupidity to the point where, instead of wanting to buy the product advertised, I make it a personal point to remember the product so I can AVOID buying it! In the end, that's 99% of the time, total, where the commercials are doing more harm than good. It always leaves me wondering ".....Why haven't they fired the guys who wrote this CRAP yet?"
I swear to God, this guy sounds almost exactly like the character Jeff Randell from the show _"Clarence"._ I'm not even kidding.
Oh, oh I got one!  Remove the opposition frontrunner from the ballot before a presidential election!
The Yungblud collaboration is weird. It's basically a 180 on who they're trying to market to. Teen boys don't like him in the same way they didn't like Justin Bieber, Leonardo DiCaprio or any number of assorted boy bands over the years. He's not very good and the girls like him more than they like the boys, so the boys resent him. No chance they'd buy gum with his face on it, even if it's just for the purposes of attempting to seduce a girl. The embarrassment of carrying a packet of gum with his face on it or being associated with his marketing campaign is not worth it to them. As for teen girls, I don't think they'd continue to buy the gum once the endorsement deal is over, since it's not very good gum, so it's not really gaining repeat customers, just a temporary influx of funding.
As a Brit I never actually saw any of those ads and only know them from the memes
i think if Razer started a cafe it be better than starbucks
As someone who doesn't really chew gum, I'd never heard of it being primarily used as a breath mint. I always assumed it was for oral fixation, especially for stress.
Elixir was the best flavor fr
geting out of my cave . first time hearing about 5 gum. you are a 5 gum ad
Whats weird is, Wrigley owns so many brands, all fake-competing with each other. They all have their target demographics and niches, so why so completely fumble the bag with this one? the edgy teen demo still exists and the branding is perfectly compatible with gaming culture, hell it basically pre-empted the RGB trend. As an added bonus that demo cares more about being cool than about the fact that 5 Gum lost its flavor within about 3 minutes, as everyone eventually realized. The No Regrets campaign feels like something you might do for your established main brand, but why on earth use it for the edgy youth brand? The Respawn campaign seems to have been axed because of some internal stuff, or maybe covid? Weird to have a successful marketing campaign and then not launch your product.
Chewing gum is essentially just chewable sugar. It's a speedrun for diabetes. Better off just taking vitamin B supplements if you want increased focus and energy.
Honestly I don't think the gum could hold up to the expectations it set. The ones likely to fall for it would grow up at the very same time when gum sales were dropping for all the other reasons.
I was a middle schooler when this stuff was popular. I found the advertising cringey even back then (as did most kids my age I think), but do remember really liking the packaging and naming. Even now looking at it, I think the packaging looks great, very minimal and elegant, though the names also seem silly to me at this point.   People at my school LOVED this shit to death though, my self included. Having some 5 gum on hand to pass out was a sure way to win friends. Anyways after I graduated I promptly memory-holed it along with zip-up hoodies, skullcandy earbuds, and the concept of the "friendzone."
I remember being in school and taking the foil and putting it on my teeth and would be going around school acting like I had grillz 🤣😭 good times man.
Mando is making YouTube vids now?
So we all are sitting here watching a video about commercials and ads that has ads and sponsors in it that you skip to get back to watching the commercials.... It's like inception for advertising 😂
Its still the best gum on the market
This passionate, placid, persuasive, pre-pubescent Pedro Pascal, paints a precisely polished poignant point.
Never saw a commercial, not a single one.
tbh I haven't even thought of chewing gum in ages, but now that I think about it, when I was a kid there wasn't a single day where I wouldn't chew gum. I just can't recall when I stopped and why
I was in high school when 5 gum ran all those commercials, me and my friends thought they were over the top and hilarious. Most if use tried 5, didn't like it and stuck with Extra.
I remember in school the watermelon 5 gum was the only one that would actually still taste of anything after 20 seconds which is why I got into it
After watching your video, I have come to a single conclusion. I very much want to try some of this respawn five B vitamin gum.
So people who chew 5 gum are incels? I can't wait to call out those incels at the grocery store.
this video feels like how it is to chew 5 gum
5 Gum... The gum for Aperture Science test subjects
Dont you dare to ever mention Master Chief and Dorit os in one sentence mister 😡 Master Chief would never like this skunk stuff!!!!
It took me YEARS to discover "5" was chewing gum.
i feel like this was discontinued iwithin 10 years in the netherlands it's a shame because it really was nice gum. very intense
17:27 this example in null and void, reasoning,you are purposefully smacking your lips together to try to get your "point" across when I have had multiple experiences where someone was chewing gum and they weren't smacking their lips together or chomping on their gum, so your little example here is as unrealistic as most of the enemies in most Marvel movies.
cobalt is deliciuous though
17:26 my man's in We Do Raids
I can has an indie documentary channel about marketing failures? O.O Yes please
2080-2100 middle schoolers go back to axe and xbox360? wicked
No regerts
why do you keep randomly showing your face? stop
How it chews to gum five feels Gum gum Sense your stimulate
Remember trying 5 once and being underwhelmed. With those ads, I was expecting a really strong minty feel, like chewing Altoids or worse, but it was just like regular mint gum.
Love the part about stock footage. I've literally never in all my life seen a bunch of random kids dancing to music together like they were in a club, but just outside. Lol
Can't wait for atrioc to watch this
I'm probably 5 Gum's biggest whale, I've been chewing Cobalt since Middle School 12 years ago and I'm chewing it right now (while gaming)
Who chews gum while gaming? My Autistic ass feels called out, I chew gum as a Stim.
The funniest thing about the gum being a cognitive stimulant, is that fighter pilots during WW1 used a similar thing, just with chocolate.  They still make it today too.
I really liked Juicy Fruit as a kid. Never heard of "5".
Nice video Pedro Pascal from Wish 👍🏻
I bought a pack of respawn 5, thinking it was brand new, revolutionary, and would actually help as I’m low on B12… /s
I remember buying 5 Gum cause we thought it was just more intense spearmint, the packaging was more robust to fit better in jean pockets and...because that purple flavor was the best.  Other than that, usually picked up trident anyways.
Early successful marketing: Straight white male advertising executives.  Later cringe-fest socio-emotional BS: Female and/or BiPOC and/or minority gender/sexual orientation advertising diversity hires.  🤷‍♂️
I click on this video, thinking not much of it, and then see god damn Pedro Pascal's doppelganger
"call to action" "human condition" bro dont lie you wrote this with ai
It's like society eventually realized that the millions of black spots on the sidewalk, floors, etc. were unappealing & getting gum on your clothes because some savage couldn't walk 5 feet to the nearest garbage can or use a napkin meant gum was a huge mistake.
What axe and 5 have in common is that their commercials made me laugh at the completely ridiculous over-the-top cynicism about how gullible the audience they were marketing to had to be.   Seriously the ads were shouting, 'we think stupid people must have money!'
So they can do that but not dodge the   Fly swatter
I am pleased to learn that most of the world hates gum as much as I do.
you look like a twinkier pedro pascal
5:15 "half a decade of well-earned success"  ...half a decade? correct me if i'm wrong, but wouldn't that be 5 years? 😅
those calluses kinda break the displate ad
I never really got in on 5 gum, funnily enough my dad did and still does 😂. Chews a few pieces every day since 2010 and he's 65
17:47 …I chew gum when gaming 👉👈 you don't hear it in calls either, if you have a modest amount of gum in your mouth (5 gum pieces are wayy to big, those pellet thingies are better sized) and don't perfomatively chew into your mic  …it helps me with stress. I chew gum pretty much all the time to help with my anxiety.
Man this was an excellent video. Damn. I want some 5 gum.
13:38 more like the gumster 😂
how does gum have a brand image that people care about... You're doing  better job at selling this than these whack ads.
"other options stole the hearts and pockets of modern millennials." funnest thing ive heard from a company.
"Who chews gum while gaming?"  Do... do you have trouble chewing gum and focusing on other things?
5 gum is great but its more expensive
As an european i never realized they Had any Advertisement. I Just prefered Them Over the Other chewing Gum brands
Something that's not mentioned in the video was that back then, Stride gum came out of nowhere with a successful tv ad campaign and was noticably popular at my middle school. I always thought 5 was Wrigley's response to its new competition. I always realized how silly it was since you could get a five pack of Wrigleys gum for just 30 cents. I still ended up buying 5 gum though😅
Ya but 5 gum IS the best gum. Despite the cool commercials, it's #1
I didn't know pedro pascal was a youtuber.
I forgot how much I loved 5 gum
Yea new design... once I bough this instead of condoms. I did not expect. Can you imagine when your gf ready to action in your place and you struggle in the dark with this new designed condoms when you had enough and turn the light on and realize that thing is a fing chewing gum. At least we had a good laugh and I rush back to the sore again. Even the price was high like ne packet of condom, not only package.
No regerts guys no regrats
Killer video sir.
Only about half way through the video so I’m not sure if it gets covered later on, I believe a big cause of the fall of the popularity of gum was the fall in the popularity of traditional cigarettes. Gum has always been pseudo-tied to cigarettes. Because of the amount of saliva produced by chewing gum it was the better option in comparison to mints. Once vaping became more available gum became much less necessary for a large portion of consumers. Young people especially boys and young men the age range originally targeted by 5 gum were the first to transition to vaping and remove the need for gum from their everyday use. With this in mind it would make a little more sense why 5 gum shifted their marketing in an attempt to reach consumers who still smoked traditional cigarettes (edit: and as the commenters below suggests, people looking to stop smoking) because that was probably the highest population of daily gum chewers the biggest chunk of money in the market at the moment.
Chewing gum was somewhat popular as a replacement for chew tobacco, which was also popular with mechanics and similar professions that required heavy concentration. Chewing gum while focusing on something was popular in media for that reason. It keeps your mind active or something? idk. I used to chew gum regularly when I needed to focus. Seeing you so bewildered by the idea of chewing gum while playing games made me confused, but I forgot that a lot of people play games in voice chat with people now, so I can see how that practice fell out of favor, haha
I remember being a kid in 2000s trying to ask my mom what they were even trying to advertise
Their flavors always had a sort of "sting" to them that really drove home the cold, industrial look of the advertising and packaging. It was like you got some cologne on your gum but for some reason it was actually favorable. Losing sight of the strange futuristic industrial branding of it really was a terrible mistake.
Their ads are reminiscent of both pendulum and cryoshell music vids
ight well i can see the value of gaming gum, when i get into a game and i am sweating though a hard challenge i tend to chew on my inner cheeks till they bleed so i might keep a pack by my side now, of like juicey fruit or something good fuck respawn.  Edit because i'm leaving a comment in the middle watching: Also what are you a mouth breather who chews gum with your mouth open?
Mario strikers charged pause music is so good
Holy cr@p you look like that Mandalorian actor
Ahh God that gum chewing sound was awful
17:39 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I chew 5 gum cause it helps with my anxiety.all the other gums just run out of flavor so fast. The marketing isnt really a big part of that.
Want a game or film franchise that takes place in the 5gum fictional universe canon
I remember the days fondly. One day 5 was the biggest thing since sliced bread, next day it was like "What's 5 gum? Never heard of it"
Bet someone in the comments to this day has a stale pack of 5 in their car.
Wtf is Pedro Pascal doing in Youtube??? Lol
The gum is not hip anymore. Gum is dumb. Seriously, what is it? It's not food, yet you put it in your mouth and chew it. Like, why? Are you a cow or something?
The gum for "Male status seekers"? Dooooooooooooooooouche!
I'm not american, so I thought "how it feels to chew 5 gum" meant 5 pieces of gum, not the company. First time I even hear it's a company
Idk, my mom liked rain because she could buy it in bulk at Sam’s club
Well of course Respawn failed amongst gamers. It didn't come with RGB lighting.
Life happen sin 5. I get it.
Rain used to taste SO good and SO unique. Now it's just like any other overly strong and bitter mint flavour.
Thanks for this! I was just looking at 5gum packs and wondering WTH happened. I LOVED this brand, just everything about its marketing, packaging and whole aestetic. Even the flavours TASTED better. I even liked how expensive it was. It's was just cool. I remember that one flavour that even had a coating on the fingerprint "grip" that changed colour under your fingers heat.
Honestly this video made me want a pack of 5gum. I used to love it when I was younger and i was 100% the demographic they wanted. 5gum, monster energy hoodie,axe body spray, and halo reach. Life was so much simpler at 11-14 years old.
When you advertise displate you out yourself as a scumbag. You really going to say hanging a fking picture is too hard? Come on we need to stop this people are getting so freaking stupid.  What they want is us all to be too stupid to do anything for ourselves so we just buy everything more expensive because its easier for idiots to use.
Fantastic video and impressive editing! I have to say though, I am definitely in the demographic of chewing gum while playing games (OG trident undefeated) and I've heard the same from a lot of my friends who I play with. I think it does help me focus a little bit and gives my mouth some stimulation. I used to love 5 gum as a based middle schooler, but stopped chewing it once I found out it had aspartame in it. I had no idea they made gamer gum, but now i'm kinda tempted to try it just for fun.
this gum was so good i wish they were still around
Looking at my collection of bite-mark riddled plastic golf tees, maybe I should start chewing gum while gaming...
There's nothing that could save any bubble gum at this point. 5 Gum or otherwise. At least as a general thing for chewing. That'd be like asking to make Licoln Logs hip again.  At least they'll always have the memes.
I always hated that gum, its the only gum that turns liquid when i chew it longer than 10 minutes
How to annihilate your brand...Bud Light: "hold my piss water"
craving 5 gum for some reason now.
This video is so insanely well done. Bravo!
17:25 I spy some WDR action.
Why do you look like a young pedro pascal?
Gum already does improve focus lol. It’s kinda like a fidget toy for your mouth
This was an interesting follow-up recommendation after searching the Elephant's Foot from Chernobyl
Absolutely fantastic content, brother. I can tell a lot of love went into this. I was engaged to it the whole time.
I normally keep gum on hand for when I’m driving and I mostly grab Five because of the familiarity with the flavors from growing up (it was the shit when I was in Middle School. Five and Stride) but recently I noticed the wrappers are all black and so are the sticks of gum no matter the flavor I grab. I thought it was a new marketing stunt but I guess that’s just how they come now?
Let's not give any attention or credit to marketers. Advertisements are pure and irredeemable mind-rot. A product is nothing but a product. Consumer society is the lowest expression of society.
...Did ChatGPT help you write this script?
It was moonman all over again xd
Using GGI to sell gum, rather than using gum to sell gum. Genuis. lol
#lifehapenis5
Ironically made me want to just buy 5 Gum flavors that I hadn't tried before because of this video. 💀💀
this is what happens when people in charge need to find something to do before they lose their job due to becoming obsolete. If you keep having sub optimal ads then you will always need someone to improve upon them.
Monster and Five had me in a chokehold in 2012 😭
as someone who hates energy drinks and even coffee, I lowkey want to try Respawn Gum now, so I’m a bit disappointed that you immediately cover that distribution was a problem
"How It Feels To Chew 5 Gum, Stimulate Your Senses" Was and will always be so much more iconic than "Life Happens In 5" because not only is it what started them off and has been around longer, its also touched the meme culture for a bit which is something no other brand can really pull off. Not to mention it already being kind of catchy, like imagine somebody saying "Life happens in five" NOBODY CARES, on the other hand somebody saying "How it feels to chew five gum" just sounds better and people would recognize it more
I find it weird knowing gum is a hard to sell brand now Damn
10:50 that was like the sales promo for elf bowling the movie
I like the Bionicle on the shelf.
Nicotine gum could probably improve your focus while gaming.
I'm glad you didn't do the cobalt poster ad.  Also, great editing! This is so well researched and edited!
i think the real reason gum failed is because they all have fake sugar and laxatives in them lol
5 Gum adverts somehow always just made me want some Trident Softgum instead.
It is simply amazing how much you look like Pedro Pascal.
in my school there's a blackmarket for Extra gum
Excellent video ending
12:45 Pool's Closed due to AIDS
Trying to be relatable in the nightmare that is minimalist design just leads to blandvertising which makes all of it forgettable.
Pedro Pascal?
... you made this entire video just for that last line, didn't you.
Huh. I totally forgot about it until today 😂
Can they just make a gum that dissolves so I don't have a wad of thumb-tack I need to get rid of?
i like to think of myself as a person who is smart enough to not buy into marketing gimmicks that overexaggerate their product. But when it came to NEW 5, i wasn't. i am not even ashamed to admit that their commercials completely sold me on the gum. Even to this day the only gum i buy is NEW 5. It's is not like it is special. the flavor lasts longer than most for sure, but i wouldnt say it is an "experience". I still buy it tho.
2:27 says bro with calluses forming
Who’s Andrew Tate? I googled the name and the only person it came up with seems pretty on point for any non-libtard cry baby dreamer
5 gum was the shit before I found out about weed
sounds like they downed a bunch of E.S.G guidelines and D.I.E'd
Crazy how the brand was basically built on creative marketing and their next best idea was to throw it away and follow every possible advertising trope that has nothing to do with gum. I’m a millenial that plays video games but this is not speaking to me AT ALL.
Re: chewing gum while gaming I have ADHD. I genuinely focus better when I have something to chew on. I frequently chew gum while working on major builds in Minecraft. I can NOT imagine that this is a common enough experience to warrant an entire marketing campaign.
How does it feel to chew five gum? Like you are chewing gum. Thats why gum isn’t popular anymore. It’s GUM.
Wrigley's, just bring back the old school style of 5 gum, and i guarantee your sales will be back. The 2020s are all about nostalgia
They used a lot of matrix imagery. Every eat a syringe you found in a park.. try this gum. Ever want someone to knock you out and put a mudwasp next in your small intestine? Try this gum. Ever want to eat charcoal soaked in blood... Ya get the drift.  Yea just look at all the original commercials of the matrix
I remember being SOOOOOOOOO pissed off when 5 gum changed their awesome commercials and slogan, to shit catering to hipsters. I was so mad, i stopped buying it up until recently
Imagine if they stuck with their original identity   They'd be like the Nintendo of gum
"How are you supposed to know what SWERVE tastes like?" Well it says tangy/sweet tropical underneath that so I'm gonna guess it's tangy and sweet tropical
the over the topness is still appreciated
You rock, I am sold to ANYTHING you could sell me. shouts out to you for such a high quality video and good god whata a great radio voice. im plastered and you are being spammed to all my friends. Cheers
Never have I felt so targeted to watch this while chewing 5 Respawn and watching through a computer hooked up with a suite of Razer products
Brother, when pedro pascal popped onto my screen with a different voice about 10 seconds into the video I legitimately jumped
Ad slip at 3:10. this loser can sit in the shadow realm lol
the truth or dare campaign is giving middle aged marketing executive remembering how he touched his crush's boob on a dare in middle school
ironic it only lasted 5 years
wait do people not chew gum and mints when gamming???
hey man @slowstart I game a lot, and i sometimes chew gum during gaming, and I actually play more focussed while I do (not 5 gum) I feel like that motion that i have there actually calms me and i can think about the game more rationally  and i also like to chew gum
Bro looks like young Pedro Pascal
Many of my friends worked for 5 Gum right out of university.  It was the biggest marketing push in a long time. My friends who worked on that project are all millionaires today. Marketing genius.
If they re-released the gamer gum today with the b-vitamins and all that, it would probably do well. I'm surprised this is the first time I'm hearing about it.
I swear 5 Gum was literally everywhere one day, and then completely gone the next, and I just never noticed.
why is pedro pascal talking about gum today?
This was hilarious. Great editing throughout, my man.
I think their commercials were super gimmicky and dumb from the start. It’s probably the overall popularity decrease of gum rather than their marketing that really made the difference
Bro totally missed the fact that "How it feels to chew 5 gum" memes were the wildest and funniest memes on the internet back in 2018
I honestly couldn't tell you the last time someone asked me for a piece of gum or that I saw a person chewing gum.
man, this makes me want gum
The #NoRegrets thing was an absolute fever dream. WTF
I swear this 20 minute video was just an excuse to hit us with that joke at the end.
Lol listening to Tate doesn’t give you status. Calm down there bandwagon.
Your mustache doesn't make you look older, it makes you look like a 12-year-old with a mustache.
I always thought that gum tasted like crap.
I'm honestly shocked 5 didn't change to mints since those have bigger market share. They had the brand recognition at that point and people prefer mints because they dissolve and don't need to find a trash bin to throw out their gum. Seems like an easy win they missed.
I do chew gum while playing games. Just don't make the comically loud chewing noises.
Huh. Interesting. I was 15 when they released them, and I've never heard of it nor seen it in stores 😂 This video is the first time I hear of that brand... It really must have been bad 😅
In general, chewing gum is not cool anyway.  It makes people look like they are cattle, chewing grass or whatever.  It's noisy, messy, and generally not healthy.
such a great video dude! big thumps up!
Who the fuck chews gum with a constantly open mouth like you did in your „sketch“ :‘D
Am I the only person that thought the early 5 ads were cringe. Everyone thought they were cool. They are ridiculous.
the entire discord bit had to be reached that far because it's a bad point. you can quietly chew gum
Too long didn't watch just wanted to say nobody knows or cares about this bullshit
I don't blame them for trying the whole "gamer" direction, as it actually seemed like they were headings towards a clearer vision. Everyone loves a good throwback though, and I imagine people would kind of enjoy seeing modern takes of their old commercials while hearing that 5 is "back".
cant believe it took 19minutes to say the line
i always thought gums were PERFECT for tense situations, taking a test? pop in a gum. Defusing an IED? pop in a gum. Drifting in tight streets? you get my point, there's a reason grunts start eating MREs when taking indirect fire, because the chewing motion (eating means food is available) helps reduce panic. And its a gold mine for ridiculous but cool situations.
10:39 I love how that video is detailing the "success" of the firm's 5 Gum campaign. I guess when your firm is all about getting website visits and social media shares, you can be "successful" without the brand making money off of that "success".
Gum should be illegal because of the property damage it causes when not disposed of properly. If the only gum out there was nicotine gum we'd be way better off. There's plenty of other candies and mints that won't deface floors and furniture.
I actually thought 5 Gum went out of business ngl.  I remember having it had a kid. The first stick was good but then the rest of the pack got really dry and stale
Man sometimes I feel like a video like this that just simply recounts the entire marketing history of a product would be exactly what the execs in charge need to see to get some perspective
i agree, my older brother religiously had 5 gum and it was kinda cool. gottem
say what you want about it’s weird branding but 5gum is the best gum on the market. no other brand has a flavor or texture that lasts as long as 5gum
Honestly the fact that you never once said 'How it feels to choose 5 gum' until the very last line of the video was the hypest thing I've seen all week
Part of the problem is "5 gum" lost flavor shortly after starting to chew it.  Then gum sweats and looses flavor as well. I use to chew gum to keep me sain at my old job. I joke that it was paid solitary confinement. I controlled a production line from a solitary booth near a furnace. And if I messed the recipe up I had to clear the production line, manually. Chewing gum helps keep your brain stimulated in such a mind numbing task.
Actually,Razer never could have sold those products if they weren't a legit brand......Razer made it's name off high end,high performance gaming peripherals that were good products.Same way fox racing made good motoX bike upgrades before they became a fashion brand.Its just smart business
The dumbest thing is to call chewing gum food. Government.
The old people one meant to be a YOLO vibe but really just pointed out those that came before us had real struggles.Young people today are so far removed they search for oppression and strife in their own lives instead of enjoying the freedom those that came before then didn't
No ballerina would chew gum while performing lol
That ending is so cool
Is it weird that I think you look like Pedro Pascal?
everyone in high school had a pack of 5 gum. it was the one universal status symbol lmao
I remember the great battle of 5 V Stride
As weird as this sound gum does in fact "improve focus" and actually been shown to "relive stress" and this is without the B vitamins and green tea. American solider have been issued gum since WW1 for this reason when it was shown to consistently improve performance for audio,visual, and memory task. The ironic thing is that gum is great for all ages but especially the 14-25 old for studying, gaming, and improving a overall sense of wellbeing. It kind of a miracle product if you think about it.
5 shpuld have just stuck with the original wierd commercials and just gotten progressively more unhinged each year. Randomly slip a haunting creature in the background of your commercials but also release versions without it so people debate on if it was even real. Show the subjects of the experiments getting crippling addictions to the sensations that affect their real life. Create a mysterious lore behind the guys that run the experiments. Who are they, what do they want, and what IS 5 gum REALLY!? And of course make the experiments progressively more and more insane. They should have just doubled down on the wierdness.
this guy looks like dollar store pedro pascal
I have not seen any 5 ads since the sensory ones in the early 2010s.
I laughed way too hard at the chewing gum in voice chat.😂
Had an audible "wtf" at 12:00
I hope you do a video on Dunkin' or whatever they call themselves now. Like, why TF did they have a logo for years that showed two pubes falling into a cup of coffee, and why did they finally get rid of the pubes _and_ the coffee _and_ the very word 'Donuts'?
idgaf about all of this,  i just like the cobalt flavor
Wow, TIL. Whenever I'd noticed that product at the counter I would only wonder if it was supposed to be a 5 or an S and why the flavor names were ambiguous. I just assumed they would taste terrible, the way Axe body spray smells.
Plot twist: this video becomes the 2024 ad campaign for 5gum
Honestly all "gaming food" is just funny to me, like you need some specifically formulated consumables to press buttons on your computer 💀 when I'm gaming I just drink water
I remember the extreme vfx 'stimulate your senses' ads. Those were dope back in the day.
5 gum not 5
5 gum was the best chewing gum until they brought the cubes. Now the only ones available are the watermelon cubes and they taste not good. Its too cold and dissoves when u chew them too long
Egad, holding that back for 19:20 and then just dropping it at the end like a nuclear bomb… bravo.
5:07 you forgot orbit
The slogan they first came up with is now one of my most favorite meme formats;  "How it feels to chew 5 gum": *Graphic MP4 or AVI file plays* "Stimulate your senses"  I love 5 gum just for this meme format alone.
discount pedro pascal
just to say this now, I was here before he became a famous YouTuber.
Who the fuck chews gum with their mouth open.
I didn't even know that 5 gum was advertised to men. I also almost only knew girls who chewed 5 gum. 😅
5 gum, at least locally, always was fresher than the packs of other gum. That's the only reason why I bought it.
8.80 Secs before I paused that god awful noise.
Not gonna lie, I just don't buy gum anymore but if I was buying gum, Five already would be my go to just because it's what I know and what I'm used to. Sad to see companies flounder like this and try to hard
Even if B vitamins might be helpful for concentration, I can't imagine chewing gum is the best delivery system. It is the one food product you never actually supposed to eat. You just chew it and I guess get some of the juices. So unlike an energy drink, which you can just assume whatever you put into the can goes into the consumer, you will likely have to overload the gum with way too much B vitamin since a lot of it will likely get left in the gum when you throw it out. But then again, if you do that, I'd be worried that the weird kid that always swallows the gum might get an overdose since they actually get the full amount in the gum. So at that point, it is safer to put in only a token amount that never has any real effect when consumed normally.
I didn’t even know they changed their slogan from “stimulate your senses” thing. That shit was iconic
I was 14 when these commercials came out and my exact reaction was, "Wow, that's dumb; I don't ever want to buy that."
You’re Not Funny
the rebrand might have worked better with the sensory focus if they did things like... I dunno...some kid in some highschool band getting their first performance on stage, and they just chill out and feel the vibrations from the speaker shaking their body. Maybe have a friend hand them gum to calm down before going on stage, and associate that with the zen like state they enter.
I do eat bubblegum while playing. Then again, I enjoy single player games more and it is mostly so that I don't bite my lips out concentration/stress
What I gathered from this video is that there was a gum called 5 and apparently some people chewed it.  I remember seeing it on the shelf and never once had the desire to chew it.
nobody wants this plastic baloney that will last on the planet forever. Biodegradable in like 2 weeks, No sugar or bull and I feel like they can do something to enhance the cleaning effect on teeth. I'd buy that gum.
Gum does improve focus. I chew gum at work all the time for this reason. It helps me stay alert and get shit done when I'm tired. I used to do peppermint which had the same effect, but I figured that probably wasn't good for my teeth and they only last like 30 minutes
Mis react. Can't find around here for some reason I loved it. But yeah, it was one of those weird times.....
Hello Pedro Pascal
they fucked up bad, because most of those fusion flavors were really damn good. only downside is the gum didnt last too long.
ya know, someone probably left the company. then wrigly's lost what the 5 gum brand was.
Weird to realize that, although I'd see 5 gum at the checkout shelves in practically every store, I never saw a single commercial. 🤣
The no regrets campaign could have been great, for any other Wrigley's brand.  A lot of old people chew gum and those ads looked targeted to 60 year olds.
This video feels like it has excerpts plagiarized from other media, especially due to the lack of citations.
how it chews to gum 5 feel. gum gum, chew your senses
5Gum commercials were the mysterious atmospheric ambient background synthwave hypercapitalist corporate dystopia before mysterious atmospheric ambient background synthwave hypercapitalist corporate dystopia was a thing.
You'd think they might have taken the hint when their old commercials became a top tier meme format, but no, they had to pander to gamers instead
"5 gum was the Axe bodyspray of gum" was the best anology in the history of analogies
Whis video gotta be the best advertisement they could hope for
I love "most replayed" Always takes you right to the end of their shitty ads.
I actually still like gum. But when changed the format to these shitty pillows I was out.  Who wants a huge box of gum with them. The sticks are way more practical
14:15 you don't eat gum, it sticks your insides together
when i was young i had this gum and my classmates thought im badass, but at the end of the day it was just a gum
The 5 gum ads were the SHIT back then. I loved the berry flavor because it had great flavor. One of those and a glass of water was better then any soda.
I cannot believe I just spent 20 mins watching a video about 5 gum. This does not stimulate my senses.
17:28 Who the heck smacks his lips like THIS while chewing gum, unless he explicitly wants to annoy others? Why not just keep your mouth shut, I don't understand. Do you eat any other food like that and slurping down your energy drink? I don't get it. Otherwise, very good video, in editing and summary.
Started out with godlike advertising, then finished with ads having me dislike it without ever trying the product.
Almost forgotten this brand's existence, thanks for reminding me about it's existence, now I gonna go out and buy one pack of 5 gums. Thanks a lot buds
I was on with you till the moment you put up the argument of who chews gum while gaming, Well if you dont want to keep stuffing your snacks into your mouth while playing some sort of esport gum is the best option for me personally, i love it how you researched everything in the video to put out a good claim till this point where you ruin it with your bias, and i dont think anyone talks while simultaneously chewing gum, you put it on a side of your cheek till you're done speaking and like nevermind, how would you know right, that overexaggerated discord call proves it
I remember seeing those ads as a kid, they definitely stood out and made me try the gum, which was also on par with the ads. After seeing this video, it makes sense why I haven't seen it anymore anywhere for a while. Or maybe I didn't notice it, I have to check.
Had they just continued to make the meme-ads, maybe it would have went better.
Why is young pedro pascal ranting about 5 gum?
I haven't thought about those 5 Gum commercials in years. Blast from the past, damn I miss those commercials. And your parody commercials were golden, well played.
This is a dork,
I think you missed it on your description of Razor;  you should do one of these on them some day.  I had no idea they had branched out so much, but they established the brand with high-end keyboards and gaming mice that were "fast" (which gamers need) and customizable (which gamers like).
For a moment I thought bro was Pedro Pescal 💀💀
honestly, "Rain" from 5 was always my favorite gum flavor. Never really cared about the whole social image bullcrap ,  but enjoyed that specific flavor.
Pedro Pascals son?
I wonder if general decline in smoking cigarettes and the vaping craze few years ago have to do with the decline of people chewing gum. When I was in school it was primary the cigarette smoking kids who were chewing gum all the time. And when vaping become super popular I can see chewing gum not being necessary to hide you breath, not to mention all the people vaping nicotine free juice just for the flavor replacing the necessity for chewing gum just to have something flavorful in your mouth.
The packaging looks like if Lynx (Axe) did condoms.
I kinda feel called out over Axe, buuut I use it for my own comfort and not to "smell attractive" or whatever they marketed it as. I also like chocolate, so a deo spray emulating chocolate is a choice that makes sense to me.
i gotta disagree. 5 gum was nvr cool and was a meme back then.
How it feels to chew 5Gum:  HELPICAN'TSHITNOMORE!!!  5Gum, stimulate your ferrets.
The "how it feels to chew 5 gum" slogan is part of internet culture. People make memes with it. Back in the day, if your brand became a verb, you "made it". If your product becamt the generalization for a family of products, you "made it". Nowadays, if what you do is so nuts and over the top, the internet incorporates you into its meme culture, you basically made it (although to a lesser degree maybe than with the examples of back in the day). And instead of jumping on the meme bandwagon and trying to re-invigorate their "how it feels to chew 5 gum" thing, they did...whatever their new ads were supposed to be. Their ads looked like that old guy in a baseball cap and with a skateboard walking up to these young adults like "Hey fellow kids".
this guy looks like someone mixed Pedro Pascal and pre-downfall Chris Ray Gun
at first 5 gum was like a funny positive joke, now its kinda just... cringe.
I only knew about the memes so I had no idea how badly 5 Gum had fallen off. Jesus.
17:26 OMG I've never even thought of how annoying this would be!!! Eating a meal, sure come back when when ur done, but that s***! gtfo
I like the repeated use of the Half Life: Full-Life Consequences: Free Man intro music throughout this video.
Great vid. Cracking swampletics poster. Subbed
5 gum is what happens when marketing goes too far.   When I saw 5 gum in shops, I asked myself 'What does that taste like?' I decided not to buy it because Wrigley's Extra is so excellent. 5 looks spicy, and that is the opposite of what I want in gum.
I chew gum while playing games, jaw gains + helps with addictive behaviours like sipping drinks or eating something with actual calories in it and making youi fat as fuck in no time
Please note, while B vitamins may be a viable method to increase focus, its affect on healthy individuals supplemented by good diets (and gamers with their 300% of RDA of B vitamins) are barely noticeable/non existent.
lol I remember watching those epic 5 gum commercials as a kid and not even understanding what the product was 🤣
what people looked that marketing?  The ads and boxes seemed so sterile like nothing about it felt like it was something you should be consuming,  it felt like ads for tech products or something.
Blud why you lookin like a young pedro pascal
The great thing was the package
Ngl I miss the whole “Xtreme-without-the-E” vibe we had from the late 90s to the mid 2000s.
does every video needs to be 20mins long?
"Boss, we have declining sales" Boss: "Just put our products under a different name and sell it again" "But.. how and what." Boss: "Put our normal gum in a black blue package, Juicy Fruit into another. now get out of my office. " "And what do I write on the package." Boss: "5..." "5 what." Boss: "You get it on the way out."
Part of it is the sheer meme power. People made "how it feels to chew 5Gum" meme edits of all sorts of stuff. Literally the internet was making commercials for Wrigley for free by injecting memetic clips in where the usual over the top shenanigans in the actual ads happened, and nobody batted an eye because there was a viral marketing power to it. Companies would kill for that these days.
How it feels to destroy 5gum
How it chews to 5 gum feels.
There's a reason for the million parodies of "how it feels to chew 5 gum"; it sticks in peoples' heads. It was so memorable because it was over the top, absurd, and different, while still hyping up the product itself. People aren't gonna want to make memes or even talk about ads of college students going to a party and chewing an unrealistic amount of gum.
5 Gum and ViewSonic monitor Feels like 2009 again
Unironicaly, The respawn gum Is my favorite right now. Its not because of it's good flavor or anything, but because the flavor just lasts lasts way longer. Don't get me wrong, it taste like shit, but if I can chew the same stick of gum for 8 hours and only spit it out not because it tastes like rubber but because it is disintegrating in my mouth, Id call that a win. I dont know how thaey did it, but the gum keeps the flavor all the way through. Also it might just be my local stores but I've seen the dam thing in every walmart and gas station in my area.
I straight up did not think I would like this video, ended up loving it, leaving a comment, subscribing and liking and doing the little bell icon. Keep up the great work at shaming shitty companies for shitty decisions.  Edit: Also I literally chew gum all the time while gaming, or doing practically everything. Also, I do not chew gum on an open mic, ever. You literally would have to be a demon spawn, to chew anything on an open mic.
your editing style is fantastic! i was honestly shocked when i saw you didnt have more subscribers.  Its clear you put so much time and effort into this breakdown. I hope you find a lot of success doing more of this. Subscribed!
Been keeping up with your channel for over a year now. You will be at a million subscribers soon, keep going dude.
I have an overweight friend who chews gum because it supposedly helps him eat less You described my exact discord experience to a tea
I've never tried this gum and I'm not even sure they sell it in my country, but your video is a better commercial than every ad they've made since the 2000's 😂 _Some of those flavours sounded great too, NGL!_
As soon as I saw that 5 Gum was Made in China, I never bought it again. Don't get me wrong, I love Chinese products, just don't want to eat it.
17:15 THATS GOLD COMEDY 😂😂
I am personally offended that you'd dare compare companies to jesters. Jesters are actually funny, and often a jester's humor is based in poking fun at real current events, which puts jesters at an antithesis to companies.
Anyone knows the sauce of music at 14:16
another great video from slow start
are you pedro pascals secret son?
The Discord experiment was perfect :)
These had the best taste. Which lasted for roughly 10 seconds.
You know, there might actually be something to the gaming thing.  Baseball players have claimed for many years that chewing tobacco and then later gum helps increase their concentration and focus, and there have even been some studies that back it up (though I'm not endorsing any of them).
Those three commercials look like how Static-X sounds
Unironically they had us in the first half.  As a guy who chewed 5 gum, the entire appeal was feeling maybe 5% more tingle on your toung for about half a minute, and they definitely 1000% should have took that, and kept running with it, same thing with the advertisement,  Communicate how the gum is *supposed* to make you feel, even if at the end of the day it's not that special, because *feeling* something special, unique, or intense is almost universally appealing and is something that could pretty easily be connected to a snack, something that at the end of the day is a sensory experience.  It wasn't the fact that it was edgy like sky diving or political issues that made it appealing, it was the promise and anticipation of feeling literally anything unique when their other brands where promising fresh breath and a smile, something as appealing as toothpaste.
I rememeber when the wrappers had captions/text on it and mine said "Ever loved someone who didn't love you back?"   _how it feels to chew 5gum_
I only know about this gum because of vine
this vid is really good. i was hoping it would mention the 5 gum ARG they tried to do a while back, but it's pretty niche so i get why it didn't show here. shoutout to the Human Preservation Project, you sucked as an ARG and as marketing :P
Damn, RIP(?) 5 Gum. I remember my first 5 Gum was the Flare flavor, after my high school homecoming.
I wish they would being back and put bubble gum in packs of baseball cards.
First time watching a video of yours, you look like pedro pascal.
The Pedro Pascal of Video Essays (esés?) strikes again with the perfect topic!
"Look at these hands." * proceeds to show calluses that only working man hands have *
How does Pedro Pascal know some much about 5 gum?
Nah cuz this WHOLE video ITSELF played like a better marketing and advertising campaign than ANY they've come up with themselves. They owe you for this oneee lmao. You mightve just started their redemption arc. 🔥🔥🔥
OHHH Your closing statement went crazyyy 🔥🔥🔥🔥They better send you a sponsor lmaoo
5 gum ads are like those cigarette commercials you see late at night that dont even show the cigarette but rather the "experience" from it
Because of this video I bought a pack of 5 gum for the first time in probably 10 years. Great shit.
17:40 if you chew it like a RUHTARD then it may be annoying...but I've chewed gum while gaming plenty of times and its never even picked up on the mic. Could you not just chew normally to prove your point?
"who chews [bubble] gum when gaming?" it's not "bubble" gum, you just chew it. who? people who need (or want) that action of chewing without getting their keyboard messy or gross and/ors\ those who don't want to get f4t from the junkfood :D
"simply having an energy drink would be infinitely more effective [for energy/focus than B vitamins and green tea extract in gum]" yes, it would also be infinitely more effective at contributing (if not causing) weight gain (esports are not actual physical sports so there's no physical activity), contributing to addiction/dependency on it due to the amount of caffeine, sugar and other things that contribute to that sort of thing, heart conditions due to the caffeine and the taurine and the other excessive things in there, plus numerous other risks and problems simply because energy drinks are a complete waste if you're gonna drink it like it's soda or beer and literally let the energy go to waste; you'll be f-ing with your adrenaline/epinephrine response and stuff too and many people do not stop at just one, so the problems pile on.  if the gum just has normal gum things and a bit of vitamin B (pretty much impossible to have "too much" because any excess just gets excreted in your urine and doesn't cause harmful effects, source: family doctor telling my mother to take 2000 [units, idk if mcg or mg or iu or what anymore] daily + a week of research from myself in relation to depression) and there's probably less than what you'd get even from a basic multivitamin + green tea extract for a bit of caffeine, like, a super tiny amount most likely.  the whole "gamer gum" thing is ridiculous, i agree, but if you're gonna compare it to an energy drink, specifically in relation to video games (A.K.A. sitting on Uranus at a desk) then the gum wins 1,000,000%. energy drinks should be used for physical activity and even then it's questionable. there's a reason those things aren't supposed to be sold to anyone under 16 in many places (18 in some) and why some are straight up banned from some countries
I still love gum, but those Cinnamon Altoids will show you the face of GOD!
Have never seen their ads before this video. Actually I thought 5 is some local chinese gum brand, because first time I saw it in china) This is what happens when you don't watch tv and use ad blockers. But even nowadays I think their original "sensation" campaign would work well.
When I first saw the 5 gum commercials, I thought it was nicotine chew.
chewing gum _can_ help improve focus, but it's not necessarily because of the gum, it's just the stimulation or some sort of mindless, repetitive action. it also doesn't work for everyone.
I was not aware Pedro Pascal’s Son had a YouTube Channel.
I remember trying their "yellow" flavor when it first came out. 30 seconds of chewing and it's not staying together, 10 more chews and it's making its way into the crevices of your mouth, 5 more and you can say "what gum?". 5 more seconds in your mouth and it has _become_ your saliva. that was awful.
Yo the pay-off at the end of this one, though.
MORE!! MORE!! Keep this Channel GROWING  only commenting to help your algorithms  😉
does Australia have unique 5 game flavours?
Is the 1930s "macho-mustache" in fad?
Do video on the very short-lived Roxx skullzz
4:39 I appreciate the minecraft sound
i remember in middle school we used to peel the foil off the wrappers then cover our whole notebooks in the colors lol
ha the first time I saw that commercial in the early 2000s I literally shouted out loud WTF am I watching, a gum commercial!
it makes so much more sense why i always got asked for gum. 5 gum Rain was my go to! rain and elixir were amazing <3
I'd rather have the edgelord shit. You were trying too hard with the 'gum-smacking' thing, though. Nobody but sub-I.Q people chew like that.
How it chews to gum 5 feels:
I like 5 gum, problem for me was that I used it when I had anxiety most of the time. I then found vaping
When you play too much Roblox: *i heard this song from slap battles!* 1:06
why is John Halo on Doritos edgy?
As a 29 year old man, this was a big ass dose of nostalgia!
this video has made me want to get some gum something I have not wanted in decades.
The early 5 commercials were genuinely awesome. I mean, I've literally never even tried the product, but they were fun to watch.
You look like Pedro pascal
I actually still buy this gum to this day, no other gum comes close to beating it's mint flavors imo.
genuinely if they made an advert that was just 'How it feels to chew 5gum' and then showed a meme or a hugh explosion it would of worked more
This guy looks like he could be Pedro Pascal's son
didnt know Javier Pena was a youtuber
5 gum was literal currency in middle school / high school in 2009
I miss 5 gum, it was my favorite stick gum flavor wise tbh, even tho they’re all pretty similar. That being said, gum is gum and I just buy what’s available at the gas station, so somehow it declined gradually enough that I didn’t even notice 5 was gone until recently. I just thought they didn’t have it at whatever gas station or convenience store I stopped at, more and more until nobody had it and I kinda forgot about it.
Andrew Tate was obsessed with 5 Gum. Very sad man.
No one chews that loud
jesus what a wank those ads are lmao (I mean the first ones, which apparently were well recieved.)
Are you Yumyulack's voice actor?
Them and every other big American company. For the record. no, this wasn't a topic worth 20 minutes of your time.
Good job ! Subscribed
I hate capitalists
Dude, who chews gum with their mouth wide open? I assume that's what you were doing in that segment.
G U M
Heads up, if you want a displate you should get a smaller one because the medium/large ones WILL fall off your wall
You look like a 30 year old teenager
don't the people who act in these ads feel any shame
if i was 5 gum i would put ecstacy in the gum to really stimulate the senses
TIL I lived next to the Toronto Wrigley's manufacturing plant. On Leslie and Eglinton a block away from where the factory used to be are a group of 3 condos. I used to live in of the units there with my mom when I was a kid. He showed the article with a picture of the building and I went "that looks oddly familiar" and the he said "Toronto" and I went "WAIT" and looked it up and yeah, I lived within walking distance from that place.  I remembered seeing wrigley banners every morning when my mom drove me to school but never thought anything of it as a kid.
Pedro pascal!
Dang, you had me totally sold on that gamer gum stuff only to tell me it's not available X) I'm _bad_ at B vitamins, and also usually need some caffeine, but I'm not looking to get addicted to energy drinks. I used to really like the Cobalt and Rain flavours of 5. I remember once buying something that had... I wanna say red and blue packaging? And possibly a car themed name? And that stuff was _atrocious._ I only kept it around so I could try to convince my friends to eat it lol
10:55  AAAAAAAAAAA JESUS CHRIST I THOUGHT YOU WERE DOING A BIT AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
the discord bit was perfect 😂
Thanks for the memories, I hate them
Almost every joke in this video had the punchline ruined by some random intrusive ad, Fuck I hate modern youtube
19:22 like taking the gum to practical applications - of diy fixes in a pinch when you're getting adrenaline kicks in real world situations - like a roboticist putting gum to keep pieces together while welding, or using it to open lids, etc. Idk. Something like that.
This is good content. I like this.
I am a huge gum consumer. After most flavored drinks, after every meal. I keep a large pack of whatever is the best pack available locally. I do it just to maintain mouth hygiene along wth 2 times daily brushing and mouthwashing, after spending shitload of money to fix my teeth I didn't care about as a kid. Indeed, I also play while chewing occasionally. And I chew with lips closed - you won't even hear it over my settings.  5 gum was my go to choise when I was going outside much before covid, since the pack is very convenient to carry around and they had lots of discounts, so it was the cheapest option at some point, but I stopped carrying it along because if you open a box it has a limited timespan before it turns into a wood block. Didn't really get it because of ads. And I doubt that ads will shift many peoples' perspective. I just get whatever is the best value/feel among products I tried, and I tried a lot of them.
12:39 I liked those commercials though. I also liked the ballerina commercials. They were for their time.
I liked 5 gum - because they understood the idea of an adult playground. That's when ninja warrior took over after 5 gum pushed it.
gotta tell you sum rq on the gaming thing, chewing gum does improve focus. doesnt even need to be special 'gaming' gum, but chewing gum in general helps.
You never mentioned the focus group or market research aspect since this plays a huge part in rebranding or marketing changes.  Big brands don’t just make changes Willy nilly   In reality what the success of 5 was due to was that it was just a fad. And like all fads, they die
I chewed 5 when I was a freshman in high school I honestly think it was just known for flavor lasting longer than any other brand I’m pretty sure that was their slogan too
Displate steels art. Please vet your sponsors, you're worth it.
11:00 I'm just imagining one of those clip compilations, but one of the people that made it went online once and actually believed some of the insane shit some people say, so instead it's stock clips of shit like burying a body in the park at 3am, 1000 people standing in a room while slowly rotating, using a trebuchet to launch a garden gnome at a tanker truck full of baked beans while taking rigorous scientific notes...
predito pascal
I don't know if they necessarily annihilated their brand. Nobody cares about gum. Maybe they can hold bubble blowing contests and market to elementary school kids then hope by the time they hit middle school it's a fad.
It was just way ahead of it's time back in the day with those visuals and over the top advertising. It was basically at it's peak right at the start and then just stumbled and fell from that peak. The only question is how much longer does it need to fall down? Has it reached the bottom and sits still yet? When they'll finally realize they fell from that peak and start climbing up again? Time will tell I guess, but at least their old ads have a sort of cult classic following in internet culture/memes that never really died out completely. If they notice that, then maybe we'll get something noteworthy in that old good direction again.
if your gum isn't zero sugar with teeth repairing bioglass, I don't want it
This has made me want to buy gum more than any ad they've produced in the last decade
For 25 years of my life, I thought that "5" was a brand of condoms... Probably because in my country you could find packs of this gum right in front of the checkout in the supermarket where gum and condoms are usually sold. Maybe because of design. But the brand is not popular there, so I never looked closely at what it was
Incidentally, I graduated high school the year 5 first rebranded so it stopped existing for me as a brand anyway.
I am from Germany, Bavaria. When i was in elementary school, we all were influenced by 5gum.  The male status seekers is 100% true.
I can't stand original companies failing. They defied all odds and we complain about big companies destroying small ones and these niggas killed themselves.
Bring back the unique flavors of our early 2000s and pander to our insatiable thirst for nostalgia. I will chew the ever living shit out of Cobalt for some reason I loved that flavor so much as a kid.
17:05 Just wanna say but that's a pretty dumb take. Nobody will hear you chew gum whilst in a vc, unless you're purposefully trying to make them hear. You can talk perfectly normally while chewing gum too. Also eating doritos while gaming is far worse. Your mic can actually pick that up, though to be fair not very loudly, but also you can't do shit while eating doritos, plus you'll get your hands all greasy. Chewing gum requires basically no effort, and you're not restricted from doing anything else.
gum isnt a snack. its just a breath freshener.  you wouldn't eat toilet cakes would you?
the most entertaining breakdown of brand marketing i’ve ever seen. well done! 👏🏻
Is this guy related to that actor? I idk his name and can't think of his movies but he definitely looks like him with that mustache
I'm just shocked chewing gum is doing so bad. People don't like gum? I can barely go a day without a pack. Always keeps me from eating what I don't need as it gives me something to chew on. Everyone I know likes gum. Weird to hear this. Crybabies are the best.
i had a phase in middle school where I would chew a few pieces of 5 Elixir after school. sad they don't make that one anymore, would like to try it again.
This ride is more wild than the original commercials.  I guess cause of the rise in streaming services, I didn't notice all of the marketing changes, but the gum lasts long and doesn't disintegrate like some others so I keep buying the spearmint flavor 5.
Don't put sponsored content in the middle of the video.
Love this brand analysis, lots of lessons learned!
How is it you sound exactly like coffee zilla
I hate how they have one of the best nostalgia factors with their product ever, but they don't use it.
I was part of the market testing for this gum. I remember trying it and some of the gum did some weird shit to my tongue. It was like they were trying to make it effect the mouth feel, some of it wasn't that fun. It was like I had acid in my mouth with some of the samples. They were trying to make something strange to set it apart, but after it came out and I tried it, I guess no one liked having the ability to recharge their car batteries by spitting into the cells so they ditched the more intense stuff.
The RPM was my favorite gum all time
This is a very well produced and edited video, everything flows wonderfully - nice work!
I remember when i was a kid we were arguing about which flavour will come out next. Few years later i was in Russia and saw (i believe it was) "5 Gum Black Edition" which we didn't have in Germany. I took it with me but because i carried the gum in my pocket during the flight it became completely soft and not enjoyable anymore. But at least i still had the package so i could show it to everyone.
16:48 as someone who constantly has to stim or else i actually lose focus i chew gum a lot while doing really anything, it gives me something to do that isn't just staring at a screen and pressing wasd
I still fondly enjoy the 5 gum memes where someone's just inserted some guy crashing on a scare board.
Culture changed and they were trying to keep up.
Selling displate by admitting you're a soy boy who can't hang a picture is certainly an interesting tactic.
Chewing gum is so passē, i eat toothpaste
I never noticed any of their ads. I bought two packs of "5" only because they came with free, shiny, metal gum cases. Then I used those for years with cheap gum sticks. Maybe they shouldn't have stuck with the same stick format everyone else was doing, too.
back then it took me a while to figure out those where not minidiscs
I remember Rain being my favorite flavor, chewed it every day. Rain in specific, no other flavors, would give me brief extreme cramp-like pain in my jaw. Idk if the chemicals in it irritated my salivary glands or what. Still chewed it anyway because tasty :D
0:24 Clever
wtf why is pedro pascal making youtube videos
Could've showed some 'how it feels to chew 5 gum' memes, to show how that's a better marketing campaign then what they went with.
funny editing, and a good story
I used to have that ViewSonic monitor. Subbed.
only 5 human senses, poor guys.
is that chris ray gun in that respawn commercial
The commercials may have drawn me in but it trully had a longer lasting flavor over most other brands at the time. Thats why i kept chewing it for awhile.
Honestly, with the popularity of "how it feels to chew 5 gum" as a meme years later, maybe if they somehow use this, it will work. Though I don't know if they can allow themselves to make those expensive spectacular over the top commercials anymore. Still, I kinda miss them.
I have chewed gum while gaming. But it was generic brand gum and I was not talking to anyone.
You wouldn't know the brand has sunk from the price. It's like $9 for a 6 pack. I buy a 6 pack every few weeks to have in my work locker. I like it.
When I was first quitting smoking, I would chew a lot of gum. I love the Wintermint flavor of 5 Gum. I’ve tried a lot of different brands of gum but 5 Gum has been my favorite bc the flavor and integrity of the gum actually lasts a long time. To this day, I still chew a lot of gum when I’m at work, even though I quit smoking over a year ago. I love 5 Gum 🙌🏼
Your videos are awesome but PLEASE invest in some sounds mixing please 🙏 Some parts are a lot louder than others! :)
... now I legit want to read the case-study on the 5 Gum packaging
I just checked the supermarket stock.... I havent bought this since 2014 and wtf have they done to the product??? It looks so generic now.
5 gum was developed by the willy wonka black ops team.
14:17 and you got my sub brother 😂
I like the moustache
The 2000s was peak  Every about 50 years society starts to fall  Whether it be 1920 1970 2010   Can’t wait for the 2050s they are going to be awesome
I regularly bought this product simply because it was the last remaining chewing gum that came in strips, I never even heard about the marketing lol
Bro you look like Pedro Pascal
I want to try Respawn gum now 🤷
nah 5 was okay, but the pure flavored mint things looking like ductape in plastic case, that was xxxtreme innovation
they killed the strip gums for this shit. where is my juicy fruit? where is my doublemint?
I'm a gamer who's owned a handful of Razer products (I'm rather partial to the Naga mice and Kiyo webcams) and forgot 5 Gum existed. I never bought it personally but I regularly buy and chew PowerGUM, a caffeine/B-vitamin gum by WoW content creator StaySafeTV that comes in tablet rather than strip form and it's hilarious how much it resembles pill packets. It's the perfect balance of firmness in my opinion as I think most gum brands are too soft or that something like Dubba Bubba is too firm. Yes, I even chew while gaming and while I don't necessarily think it's a big trend like Wrigley claims, I do enjoy it. I think that Discord bit was a bit exaggerated as there are ways of talking intelligibly with gum in your mouth but yes, chewing noises over a mic are disgusting. It can perhaps be mitigated with noise gates or expanders and the like.
Honestly I never watch these kind of videos however, I found myself laughing throughout.  Really good format 👍
Great job man.
Used to work at Mars's Petcare division, that's my biggest thing I miss is all the free Wrigley products that we would have around.  Sure the Milky Way candies and the snickers were great and especially the munch bars, but nothing compares 2 some good 5 gum or some big red
This Cobalt ad his highly reminiscent of the movie "Contact"...
As a Brit, I could never get over how colourful 5 gum was over there. Ours was always basically white, with a slight tinge of colour and had an intense minty taste. Someone brought a packet from the US and I didn't even want to put it in my mouth as it looked radioactive it was that bright. I couldn't get over how blue or green those sticks of gum was and how much more artificial it tasted.
im gonna be real, im addicted to gum. i chew that shit at my desk all the time.
I remember buying it once after seeing the ads and it was really bland and generic compared to basically any other normal gum. Never bought it again but I hope they enjoyed my £1
Very informative and funny but 11:20. When they showed the black guy dancing i honestly in my heart thought you'd ask "why is it always a black guy?" I ask forgiveness I'm African American but had you said that I'd have died 😂 in any case this brightened my day. 😊
Good ads, bad gum
5 – will make you get down now.
Im thankful for not having satellite tv with 5 min of ads every 10 minutes how dumb do they really think I am?? Im supposed to spend thousands of dollars on everything I see chinese plastic and poison food.
Does anyone else (especially my Aussies) remember that berry flavour that they had for some Transformers movie?
Some of my most liked comments on any platform have been saying *how it feels to chew 5 gum* to weird situations.
I used to kinda look forward to the old 5 commercials. Nowadays though, they're just the same garbage as everything else runs.
As a 14-25 year old male status seeker in the 2010s, I've never fallen for marketing harder than I did with 5 gum. Up until like 2014, flashing that pack of watermelon 5 gum in any classroom in Australia gave you instant cool points. All the girls knew you fucked if you spent $4 to buy some gum at Coles
why is 5 gum not caffeine gum? i feel like it should be but it isn't?
If you can't hammer a nail in a wall you shouldn't be allowed to call for home repair services. Then again I wouldn't get to quadruple my rates for people who don't know any better 🤣
I have no memory of this in the UK. Was it US only?
I love gum, I wish they made a take 5 gum specifically for blowing bubbles and sugar free. I might be a minority in this one being in my 30's but I've always enjoyed gum over mints any day.
I could see the No Regrets campaign working if maybe Wrigley resolved the person’s regrets. Like Lin never got to travel outside of her home country all her life and then Wrigley would swoop in and give her an all expense paid trip to some resort. Not sure how they would handle the other cases, but it’s certainly better than laying a sob story on us and then trying to sell us gum.  Also 15:23 I get what you’re saying, but there’s no way gamers will buy soap, even if you slap the pretty lights on it.
"Stimulates Your Ferrets"
rain flavor was.... rainbolt?
I hope Wrigley’s is paying you because I’ve never wanted to buy some 5 gum again more than I have now
studies show that, as fiddling with a smartphone increased, gum sales and tobacco smoking dropped.
The last punch line, augh it hits
Dare: Spend an entire day without *clothing.*
Incredibly well done video. Congratulations.
you look like Pedro Pascal the guy with the laughing into crying meme
This is Pedro Pascal: Change my mind.
5 original marketing: Gen X advertisers aimed at millennials. Later 5 marketing: Millennial advertisers aimed at who gives a shit.
Chewing gum and bubble gum are different.
Take me back to: "How it feels to watch YouTube without paid promotions."
Pedro Pascal’s little brother is that you?
WTF happened to the cinnamon flavor!! I never noticed the ads, AT ALL...yet  I was long and away a huge patron of the Flare flavor which vanished 😭. The flavor and texture was really that much better than any other cinnamon gum ever. I still remember it well and long lament its absence.
This video is so well put! Hats off
I have never seen an ad for 5 gum
ngl I still chew 5 gum. I used to chew Trident Layers up until it became harder to find. I didn't realize 5 was still doing commercials though lol. I just like it because it lasts longer than most of the other ones. I always wondered wtf was the truth or dare thing on their packaging, now I get it.
It's kinda sad to see tbh. I loved 5 Gum as a teenager! Now they only offer Watermelon and Spearmint here (I just checked their regional website). I really enjoyed all those wacky flavours. :(
BOOOOORINNNNGGGGGGG 🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️👎👎👎👎👎👎
What in the Pedro pascal
i couldnt tell you the last time ive seen gum stuck under a table. rebel gum culture is dead.
"Gum for a bum"
I don't care about the branding... 5 gum is the best spearmint gum on the market, hands down
5 Watermelon still Bangs
It's time to kick ass and chew bubblegum. And I'm all out of ass.
Let me do a commercial! Got a bunch of kids, sitting around doing lines of blow.  Guy hits one and is like "Get in here and get some of this my guy!" Cool Guy Clarrence is like "Nah Fam, I got something even better!" Pulls out a giant crystal, kids are like "WOOOOO  you got some ICE?!  Man you got that good dope!" Clarrrence like..  "Uhhh no it's just a piece of gum, not sure why it looks like that but I was just offering gum" Being let down the boys than forced  young Clarrence into a wood chipper.... Visitations will be this weekend.... FIVE!!!   (fade out)   Pretty rad huh?
I watched a 20 minute video on gum ads. Kudos to you. Great video
thank you for the video, pedro pascal
I think you mean Joey Joe Joe Junior Shabbadoo Wrigley.
You look like u could be Pedro pascals son
Your face @ 8:36 is perfect, heh.
Ill still make jokes that " thats how it feels to chew 5 gum" when something crazy happens 😂 it was peak marketing
I still remember being a kid about to go on the Pikes Peak cog railway and saw a girl with a pack of 5 gum, for some reason the packaging captivated me. I didn't try it until like a year later, and well, it was gum.
About a decade ago, when I was homeless in San Diego, I actually found I loved this specific flavor of 5 Gum while shopping at Food4Less. I can't for the life of me remember the flavor name though, maybe React or Solstice? It was something non-specific like that, with a bit of a taurine kick to it. I was sad when it disappeared.   A similar thing's happening with my fav Black Cherry Kiwi Venoms right now. 😿
I never thought about chewing gum while playing video games, but now I want to try it. That ain’t going to make me want to buy 5 Gunn though.   As a side note, every time I saw 5 gum at the store all I ever thought was that’s gum for douche bags.
Jesus fucking christ can you really not chew gum silently? Are you so braindead you are incapable of that?  I also don't like the gamer gum angle but we can all tell you are playing up how loud it is to chew gum
It's disturbing how much you look like pedro pascal
5:05 5 gum and many other gum brands are owned by Wrigley Company, which is owned by Mars Inc.
Those original ads are 10 times better than having weird ads of a camera being shoved in someone's face to make us watch as they eat and chew. Who thought that was a good idea?
As a middle school boy at the time I was convinced 5 gum had way more flavour and lasted longer.
Thanks for the nostalgia.  I don’t get the point of not chewing gum while gaming.  It is a relaxing progress and you can and should always chew with closed mouth. So this should be a non factor.
Back in the day, we used to steal packages of 5 Gum from the store as some stupid dare. The marketing worked, but they didn't get any money out of us.
I bought 5 Rain way back in middle school because I didn't eat breakfast and it kept me from feeling hungry until lunch. Probably just off brand recognition alone. Also, why do you look like Pedro Pascal?
What's interesting is I completely forgot about this brand of Gum for a moment to realise that you're somewhat right with it not being much in Australia. Going to my local shops, I don't usually see it. Although I found like, a singular box of 5 gum multipack on the top shelf of the lolly isle at my local Woolworths. Only one flavour and only a single box compared to all the mints and Extra chewing gum.
This is how it feels to chew 5 Gum
pedro pascal clone
I chew gum while playing games, I feel very targeted
I actually have a pack of rain in my car right now lolol
The ironic thing is I feel like zoomers would have responded better to the old style. 5 tried growing up up with their audience and deserved to go down. Why do companies make bad hires and always end up out of touch
i kinda miss 5gum
17:39 chewing that loud is not necessary, I get it comedic effect but still. no one chews like that
The first ever 5 I tried was Rain. I was a little kid at the time and wasnt used to that strong of a mint flavor so the first time i wasnt a big fan. I really like it now but my favorite 5 flavor is Prism, which is the watermelon one. One thing that I think really helped 5 is that the gun was actually really flavorful and the taste lasted unlike a lot of other gum brands were it’s like. Maybe 1 minute of flavor before it tastes like you’re chewing a piece of soft rubber
bro has a forced and corny energy
i hate how correct this description is... 1:56
You look like a Gen Z Burt Reynolds and I love it.
I didn’t Pedro Pascal has a little brother 😂
Apparently nobody here has see. The “Enter the Gum Zone” displays at Walmart.
the fact that he says "how it feels to chew 5 gum" only *once* and at no point was it confusing which ads he was talking about is in and of itself a proof to this video. and the fact it's thee final line of the video is most certainly intended. excellent video
Lets not forget the website and games
Hey that’s Pedro pascal
This dude looks like a younger, more Canadian Pedro Pascal.
You should do a video on stride gum I haven't seen it in store shelves in years
At the end there? You sold the product better than any of these suit monkeys did in the past 10 years
Maybe I just am a gum chewer and I literally always chew gum, I’m the guy that wants to chew gum all the time, but I’ve never heard anyone complain about me doing so. Although I only chew trident gum, I only chew it because my dad chewed it.
I only buy 5 gum due to the memes.
The real crime wasn't that you were eating gum on Discord, it's that you weren't using Push-to-Talk.
Shoutout Swampletics
I remember seeing a 5gum commercial for the first time here in germany. The ads were super weird. They teased it with just the Letter 5 and didnt Show the actual Product for weeks and weeks. It always reminded me of those bionicle short Films because it Was so dark and edgy LOL
When you order Pedro Pascal off wish...
5 is literally the only gum I've ever purchased to chew myself.  I'm a mint popper, but those ads got me, and I really loved Cobalt, and it was something that I stopped carrying mints and started carrying a pack of Cobalt.  Then those ads made me feel like I was a dick with that stupid Truth or Dare, then a DOUCHE with that "NO REGRETS" ad, it was just poison to me then, those things made question life decisions and until this video, I haven't thought about 5 Gum in years.  I'm literally trying, and I can't remember the last time I saw it in a store, I know it had to be there, but I don't remember seeing it.  It is a very weird feeling.
Like chewing on old socks after about 2 minutes of average flavour
Damn. Now I wanna chew 5 Gum. Your video lambasting Wrigley for failing to advertise their product correctly got me more convinced to buy their shit than any of their recent ad campaigns had ever done.
So, basically what you're asking is  _"Does your chewing gum [commercial] lose it's flavor on the bedpost overnight?"_
I'll never forgive them for discontinuing solstice 😑
16:51 Me, but I don't chat vocally because : -I don't play team competition game (I've been gaming since the 80s while also still being a Millennial; I find that distracting) -it helps me concentrate since I have one of those brains that needs multiple sensory inputs or I fall asleep -the scent keeps me alert -i enjoy chewing gum  I'm old, tho. ymmv
Are you trying to get a job with Wrigley marketing?
I wouldn't put anything called Cobalt in my mouth.
I don't think I've ever actually had 5 Gum, and usually stick to bubblegum Orbit or mint Trident. It seemed like a pretty cool gum though, and it's a shame that gum as a whole declined in popularity- it's good, y'know?
My biggest problem with gum is that all the companies now put something in it that makes my mouth and throat instantly go numb. So definitely some kind of allergic reaction. If they went back to older, simpler recipes, I'm sure a lot of people would love to go back. The one thing that always sells is nostalgia. Go back to old formula, old packaging and rerun old commercials, and boom. The gum market goes back up.
This was an incredibly well-edited video! Great personality too!
Advertisers don't sell to the consumers, they sell to the client that buys their ad. That's why so many ineffective ads make it to our screens.
Gotta say nothing was exaggerated more in this video than that chewing gum in a discord vc...
Nostalgia sells, run it back 5.
I don't know what's happened with Extra. It no longer tastes like it used to and packs make my whole bag/locker smell, even sealed in a bag. Plus I don't like their gay ads. Bye bye.
How it chews to feel 5 gum. Senses your stimulate.
I'm honestly surprised as hell they didn't go the meme rout and literally do the 5 gum memes as real advertisements.
The only thing that let down 5 gum was the actual product, Its gum at the end of the day. I thought the actual design and naming were damn good. The commercials were way over the top.
Actually the Truth or Dare campaign enabled a really special memory from my high school years which was when my soon-to-be boyfriend and I did a bunch of them together while we were getting to know each other! It was a fun bonding experience! I still have all the gum packaging labels shoved into the cover of a little photo album with a bunch of pictures from that time in my life. I am SUPER sentimental, if you couldn't tell :P
not only this, but 5 gum has about 20 (give or take) discontinued flavors such as flare, berry, fruit, elixir, lush, vortex, etc. like think about how much bank they'd make with these out everywhere..
17:40 How it sounds to chew 5 Gum
g0yslop
Respawn pretty good tho
You put good effort into your videos, nice work
You look like a younger Pedro Pascal.
Your video just reminded me of how 5-Gum tastes, by reminding me of it's existence. Now I wanna chew 5-Gum, but I don't got any, welp. Damn, this stuff was good though.
Obnoxiously smacking gum as loud as you possibly can into a discord call to prove that gamers don't do that because it's annoying was so lame. Can you possibly make an even worse demonstration of your argument? You know you can chew gum quietly right? I actually chew gum a lot. It helps me stretch out my jaw as I have a tendency to clench down for long periods of time. I do it while playing games too! So yeah good vid otherwise
I still want a zephyr/hazel so bad though.
Ironically, I got the worst 5-gum ad watching this video.
I don't really like gum but early 2010s i saw it everywhere especially in tumblr and facebook so i tried it, i loved it. but after awhile they don't sell it
How do you not mention the Vines though?
The early ads inspired a lot of memes
Never had one
This gives me flashbacks. I don't actually remember any specific ad, but I remember really wanting to like 5 gum. I would get it regularly, even though I felt like it wasn't as good or long lasting as other gum. Those early campaigns were crazy effective. Looking back....it's pretty embarrassing... #noregrets?
this dude looks like wish pedro pascal
I was all about trident layers
Never thought I’d see Pedro pascal give a Tedtalk about a gum company .
love this content man i can see how much effort your putting in
I used to chew gum when playing cs bc I didnt want to get my hands dirty
16:34 bro is on a vga monitor and opening his mouth
Says the word "monotony," about the old ads for chewing gum, while footage plays of a guy from one of those old ads doing the splits, while ski-jumping into the void. lol
i wonder who they put in charge
this looks like it took a while to make, amazing editing, comprehensive info, and a great video :) good job man
if it's got green tea extract in it then it's definitely mostly the caffeine helping focus. an energy drink would definitely be better like you said, but i think havin a bump is all some ppl want
its actually a plague all across the economy where a company would have weird and surreal commercials that were wild and over the top but all around FUN! and MEMORABLE! then 2010s rolls around and suddenly all the cool companies start this try too hard to be "relatable" marketing campaign
Has anyone else mentioned this dude looks like Pedro Pascal mixed with Joel Haver?
10:21 only one comment damn
im sad they deleted solstice
Who chews gum like that???
lol now make a video on razer
I feel like around my high school years (2007-2011) there was a huge surge in products marketing that 14-25 year old demographic in the most extreme ways. You had 5 gum, those super odd Skittles commercials, those over the top Axe commercials, etc.  It was very clear what they were going for.
Original title: Man explains LSD in gum form.
I sent 5 Gum to the 1960s, and everyone was more calm.
So you could say that Riggley did a lot of Gum choices with their marketing.
i thought this guy was Pedro Pascal
I love how he says he can't hammer a nail and proceeds to give a close-up of his working man's callouses.
Honestly the truth or dare sticks were great, and I would use them exactly like described. Someone would ask me for gum and I'd say "Sure but you have to do EXACTLY what the gum says, and it was such a range. Some were really truly boring but there were some bangers.
First video of yours I've seen and I'm writing this after having watched another 3 right after - really great stuff you're making, keep it up! 🥰
He said it! He said the thing!
You look like the dude from Narcos
You do not look like Pedro Pascal. I know you purposefully cut your hair and have the mustache because you think you look like him. You don't.     You look like Oberyn Martell.
Entering the memesphere as a single solitary product is one of the most surefire ways of a sales boost. The 5 gum ads were timeless and constantly referenced.
#NicoretteOrNothin
I think gum got replaced by vapes in middle and high school.
Bro that swampletics displate is BADASS
Someone has probably already said it, but I remember as a kid when those gum 5 commercials came on. I got goosebumps and freaked out when I first watched them. Sad to see childhood memories fade away as we all get older. Always cherish what we remember and make the best of what we have today
"When has gum ever been synonymous with gaming? Doritios sure, mountain dew yes" okay but like Doritos and Mountain Dew got that reputation *because* of their insane gamer-centric marketing. It's pretty much the same thing.  And I wouldn't want to listen to a dude chow doritos in a discord call either. Alas.
This video is the best ad for 5 Gum I have ever seen, I am ordering a couple of packs now
there is literally an ad for 5 gum in spiderman web of shadows i am not joking
dammn i remember buying exactly one pack of them being very disappointed because they are a lot more expensive than other brands while not tasting that special. I just forgot that that they even exists and i haven't bought sewing gum in years now. Anyways I still remember feeling silly buying them because there advertising and packaging was so edgy. Kinda felt embarrassed to even buy it. :,D the same goes for axe body spray but to a lesser extent.
I'd buy 5 Gum again if they bring back the Tempo fruit punch.
The "phase" where they were trying to sell jewelry made from used gum was one of the most hideous ad campaigns I've ever seen. Making your audience want to puke isn't good for business
I think perhaps more credit should go to the packaging, as that's what consumers actually saw.  I tried the gum a few times despite not being much of an impulse buyer, and the packaging was my only influence.  Who in this day and age has even seen a television ad?  Or actually noticed web banners and billboard ads?  My ad blindness was pretty thorough by the time I was about 15.  I certainly wasn't seeing any ads in 2005 and had _absolutely no idea_ how 5 was being branded...outside the sleek, minimalist packaging.  If I had actually seen any of this nonsensical hedonistic pandering I'd have had so little respect for the product and its peddlers I'd have been unwilling to try it for free.
17:22 Any adult that chews gum like that should be thrown in jail
Rain was MOIST. Thats all.
HOW IT FEELS TO CHEW 5 GUM
Your voice kinda reminds me of voice actor sean gianbrone
I had so much of this stuff in middle school 😂
I'm kind of surprised they didn't come up with pandering to gamers earlier. Like. Who did they think these edgy middle schoolers grew up to be?
Nice to see Nick Fuentes branch into video essays 😊
"Social issues are important to a lot of (young) people".  Not unless they are zealots.  Otherwise they dox and harass people over the smallest of infeactions and feign offense to feel powerful in their lives
when you said how it feels to chew 5 gum you should have cut to a video of you getting slapped or something
Meanwhile I'm over here still buying 5 gum. It's the only gum that has a good flavor to me 🤷‍♀
I miss stride gum
5 gum had my middle school in a choke hold. Me and the homies would ride our bikes to the store to stock up on the new flavors and then resell them at school
Chewing gum during your ballet performance. I have a feeling that wouldn't go over well.
Think about it: you wanna snack while you game but you have to keep looking down and reaching over for more. The gum occupies some of that craving without making you repeat that distracting action, and without overloading your body with empty calories. I've mic tested myself and I can't hear any chewing, so huge improvement from chips and candy.  No I don't chew 5, haven't even considered the stuff in like a decade. I like Dentine Fire; no aspartame to give me headaches, no xylitol or peppermint to aggravate my GERD.
Off topic u look like Pedro pascal
I feel weird because I love chewing gum while gaming and he just went "Who chews gum while gaming" while I'm chewing on gum playing games listening to this in the background
Went from weird sensory overload content to incredibly "How Do You Do, Fellow Kids?" vibes
Why is the police dude from narcos educating me about five gum ?
My girlfriend buys 5 Gum now in 2023 and I think it’s so funny
you are every analysts dream, great video
I liked you in Narcos.
Chewing gum while gaming... Interesting, I might try that.
I do actually chew gum while gaming……. Never saw this ad campaign though lol
I quit chewing gum when the food industry switched sugar over to TOXIC ASPARTAME. Couldn't give a flying rip what marketing strategy gum companies use. How about FOCUS ON YOUR TRASH INGREDIENTS.
why does pedro pascal sound like a nerdy american
Displate is the 5 Gum of this era
17:27 haven't had such good laugh in a while :D
Honestly I wanted the RGB mask even tho I didn't like masks
This video is a better gum ad than the actual gum ads.
How much more gum do I have to swallow to get to top? My tummy hurts.
As someone who has a fetish for girls blowing big bubbles in drawings and cartoons, I find it sad that gum's popularity has gone down since I've been in high school.
Top notch content amigo
Who remembers Human Preservation Project?
Hey Rain was awesome better back off yo
Swampletics. I man of culture I see.
I will never forget that you made me listen to you chewing gum for 18 seconds with your mouth right next to the mic while i had earbuds in
Dude from the last of us
I only remember how it feels to chew 5 gum from the memes
My dad's millionaire boss was obsessed with 5 gum, he was way too old to be the target demographic but he had cases of the stuff in different flavors. The taste is okay, it's just gum, I dunno why he was so into it.
I don’t know if this brand still exists. In the 90s there was a clothes brand named Benetton. They had weird advertising. It was simply intended to draw attention, no matter what. I don’t remember what it was explicitly but I remember one advertising being really disgusting. It put me off that much that I wasn’t able to even enter their stores anymore just to look around. I wonder if it had the same effect on other people as well. But the stores persisted for many years to come.
How are you Pedro pascal lite?
The Axe of gum is so accurate
How it feels to destroy 5 Gum...
Nooo, so it was not for 26 years old women? I am disappointed, my world is shattered now :)
PEDRO PASCAL??
Chewing gum whilst gaming us more annoying than eating chips???  ....I mean yeah if some chews it as obnoxiously as you clearly overplayed. I chew g7m since middle school...every day, pretty much all day long. And guess what! No smacking necessary.   That was the most incoherent point made in the entire video!
Elixir hit different
As someone who does home repairs for a living, that sponsorship section where you call hanging a painting "hard" really feels forced and awkward. Like, protip to anyone actually hanging pictures: the hardest part is finding a wall stud (which can be genuinely hard if your house was badly built). Everything else is just measuring
What it's like to watch a video about 5 Gum :
There was a time that 5 gum used to be a higher price than regular gum so I had the impression it was a more premium gum, especially with the ads. I used to get it when I had some extra money and thought “yeah, I’m feeling lucky today.”   Nowadays, it’s priced nearly the same as regular gum and now I don’t know what to think when I see 5 gum. “Yeah…. Gum.” ????
everytime i see these commercials i see that alien slipping an falling on the bottle going up his ass
damn, you guys see that candy bar for 50 cents!
I want some 5 gum now. It’s been years since I’ve chewed.
Honestly, I chew gum while gaming, it does help me focus, but it's just the mentos gum. They sell packs of 120 for pretty cheap and I like how the flavoring is in the coating. But I don't smack it at all hardly and when I'm in a call I'm either not chewing it all of the time or I'm quiet/park it in my gum
When ads make fools want chewing gum 😂😂 literally was sap off rubber trees now synthetic polymers. Yeah so great 😂😂
I was wondering why it was so hard to find this gum
oh dang, yt's algorithm is amazing... every other day i find one to two "new" creators i didn't knew of that i start watching. I start to get so much videos in my subscription box, i can't even watch them all. But hey, still glad i found you :) great video and see you in your next one ^^
Why the fuck is rip-off Pedro Pascal telling me about 5 gum?
The obvious answer for them is to pander to gamers AND nostalgia. Make a bunch of ads similar to their original ones and just blast it on all the social media 20-30 something’s use.  Also make sure you have enough supply LOL
JUST TELL ME HOW IT FEELS FOR GOD'S SAKE
Oooh i miss Big Red gums.
HAHAHAHAAH you said the name of the guy the news said I shouldn't like! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH NICE DUDE< NICE!
The "truth or dare" gimmick was enough to sink them. I was actually thinking about buying a pack while watching this video because of the disgusting turh or dare campaign
Being very real here, I went to the store yesterday and struggled to find 5. I've been chewing it since I was a teen. In fact, I remember sneaking it when I had braces. I panicked thinking they no longer sold it and found this video to learn more. I loved the brand. The marketing captured me back then and I love how long their mint flavors last. It's disappointing to see their downfall
I feel like Orbit walked so 5 could run
ty pedro pascal's son very cool
The fruit 5 RPM was so freaking good though. It tasted exactly like Monster.
I thought this ads are for hard drugs.
Best ad for 5 gum ever
I'm kind of glad they just abandoned the "how it feels to chew 5 gum" ads and let it rest in peace as a warm fuzzy memory of earlier times.
I was a Rain guy😂😂
Idk, man, by the time they get your final message the last proper VFX place will be out of business from being destroyed by Disney, etc.
I have NEVER seen any evidence of a whirling, twirling, hurling, hurtling, wibbling, wobbling, zipping, zooming, spinning and spiraling space ball, spherical "planet earth" and NEITHER HAVE YOU.
Wow, I just realized the "how does it feel to chew 5 gum" meme was a marketing slogan. I thought it was some urban legend of how you cant chew more than 5 chewing gums at the same time (sort of like how you cant fold a a4 paper more than 7 times) and the gum was named AFTER the meme.  Got my mind blown. lmao
dude you look like pedro pascal lol
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO *POG GIF*
I bought a pack of 5 when it was new and put it in my car. A couple of days later my car smelled like a chemistry set. Threw it away unopened, I've still never tried it.
16:40 hey, vr exists!
1) it’s gum. What is this “deep dive”  2) Wrigley saw drops in sales, did a marketing campaign and it hit for many reasons   Why have a take that it was going to last forever and the new campaigns killed the momentum   You literally said sales across the sector KEPT falling. It was ALREADY failing with the old marketing   They were throwing things at the wall and allowing marketing team(s) to put out new media   3) Razer was making gaming tech. They had some swag that people liked and then got into marketing that other stuff and BUILT the market share you are saying they tapped into   No no no. They set the pace and created the gaming gear/gamer culture by being tied to major competitions and events   4) gamer gum is caffeine and B vitamins…. Guess what’s in that energy drink  5) asking who chews gum while playing video games after talking to us for 15 min doing a deep dive on the marketing campaign and the target demographic shows you don’t understand any of this   6) chewing gum =\= bubble gum   7) the scaling back is because gum is dead. They have real world numbers based on all the campaigns   But you have a better grip on it I’m sure
I thought he was gonna say “gay people”.. not “gaming” lmaooo
Hmm I'm someone you could concider a "Gamer" Seeing that i've got over 1000 games on steam and made my account in 2012, and till this day use said account near daily.  I chew gum while playing, and have for years.  No messy fingers, no getting fat, and no hunger. And on top of that, its a great stimming-reliever.  I just own a mic stand, and a seperate headset. Yet even before i had that, i was stilla' chewin'  Besides all that, great fukn' vid.
That Razer gum tasted awful but I couldn't stop eating it. We got a ton of boxes in a press package last year and for as much as I didn't like the taste, I couldn't stop chewing it :/
the ads are good, i could easily fall for propoganda sorta guy not gonna front, i can go for some 5gum
Is he trying to look like Pedro Pascal or was he born with that mustache 😂
I have no mouth but I must chew gum
13:18 made me laugh so hard
you look like pedro pascals son
I don't think I've ever had 5 gum, like ever. But I stopped buying candy and gum a long time ago. Not just because older.  But because they stopped using regular cane sugar.
10:56 it's called a case study, I've made a ton of these and they all suck. It's advertisers advertising to clients and other agencies.
All im saying is, thanks to 5 gum, i was able to buy the Nintendo DS games i wanted as a kid without asking my parents because i sold each piece for 50 cents, bought more packs and kept selling gum xD
The thing about 5 gum was that i remember being enamoured by it but it was just way too expensive compared to other options. Even now i love the watermelon flavour but there's certainly cheaper gum out there that fulfils the goal just as well
I actually liked those gums LMAO
'Andre Tate" LOL. So true! Douchery marketing example of loud Affliction wearing supercar micro manhood.
Anyone remember the acid tabs packaged to look like 5 gum? They were normal acid tabs, not gum with acid in it, but the paper looked like a pack of 5 gum.
ever thought about how the memes could have an impact here? I mean everyone saw em, they were everywhere. but just like with gangnam style... every meme gets old. and so did 5 gum
How it chews to gum 5 feels.
4:30 mmmmfgh,,,,
Honestly if they just pandered to gamers from the start instead of flip flopping on the marketing it might've worked.
I just remember gum packets going from 15p to over £2 so yeah...we stopped buying a product we couldn't even swallow and would need to spit out and find a bin for.
who fuckin chews gum at all these days.
most of my memories with 5 gum are the billboards in spiderman web of shadows
The yellow one was peak. Oh god I miss the yellow one :c
Man for real. I loved these gums. It were the last I actually bought.  And yea, the taste didn't last long but the advertisement is legendary and it was over the top. Still, a great meme today.
You could put a video of napalm distribution in Cambodia on with the narrator saying "how it feels to chew five gum" and people would buy it, it is absolute madness that they ever deviated from the formula.
The vape companies took a page out of 5 gum’s book with the names of the flavors
I was 5-7 maybe when five gum released and I can vividly remember the ads and the weird taste. It’s burned into my brain. It was a experience ^^
The packaging made me think it were condoms when I saw them in a supermarket for the first time. 😄
6 Gum, see dead people
That gum chewing "simulation" was one of the most annoying things I've heard in quite some time, and I've been surrounded by family member's hyper kids. A normal person doesn't chew gum like that. Who chews gum like that. Why. Are they okay?
I was a kid (12, maybe?) when the gum was around, I never saw their marketing but I loved the tropical one. My parents didn't really want to get it often as it was pretty expensive compared to normal gum here, but I like gum not being the usual 3 flavors (two of which are variations of mint). Yellow 5 gum was goood
Believe it or not my 7/11 gets the midnight 5 gum still as well as the watermelon pomegranate Respawn gum. i do chew it but not when gaming I chew when playing card games like magic it kinda does help me focus a bit more ngl😅😅
you kinda look like pedro pascal
17:36ish can't you chew with your mouth closed, or are you one of "those people"
Why is Pedro Pascal talking about gum
are you a cousin of Pedro Pascal ?
I would have 100% bought a "Respawn" gaming gum... if I ever did found one in Safeway, Raley's or Bel Air. Seriously, this is the first time I heard about it. On a side note, I love buying Mento's juicy gums when their on sale.
when 5 was introduced in Romania they had these weird commercials where it was hinted that 5 is for successful and rich people. Suffice to say 5 was about 2-3 times more expensive than any gum.   A Wrigley's with 10 pills was 2 yimes less expensive than a 5. Anyway,nobody bought it and even if they were in our faces all the time you seldom see them nowadays
First I watch a video about how to make a cheap fridge run slightly less janky and now I’m here. Although, in all fairness, 5 was and always will be the coolest gum, imo.
Bottom set People still useing Tate to declare there lack of intelligence, satire and accountability thats his stick, if your looking into him any further thats all you.
I always loved gum, but the switch to aspartame almost exclusively was where we parted ways
why are you a young Pedro Pascal
Man, I remember recording the Truth or Dare ads. You wouldn't believe how many were left on the cutting room floor. "Guys... you think this might get... litigious?" Mic goes off and they're talking among themselves. *click* "You know what? Good call, we can skip that one."
Do you play the drums? Your palms look like you do
Fun fact - I never saw any of those ads. And the only person I know who chewed 5 Gum was my sister who wasn't really the target group 😂.
Hello Mr. Pedro Pascal jr.
16:47 me chewing gum whiles playing a video game as this video plays on my second monitor like ...about that
I'd rather watch this video than chew 5 gum that was free... I don't mean prechewed... just free.  New in box, still in wrapper, unchewed, untainted.
It was attention grabbing. Wouldn’t say they were super affective at getting you to want to buy them necessarily. But they did make you notice them and talk about it. I actively remember making fun of those commercials with almost everyone I saw them with. 😂
I’ve struggled with ADHD that I only recently got diagnosed, and what I’ve found is that I get distracted less if I have some stimulus in the background, like gum or music.   Before that I‘d constantly get distracted even while doing things that I enjoyed, like gaming, and I’d have to put in more active focus which made them less enjoyable. It made me pretty depressed towards the end of my teenage years to find that all my hobbies now felt like work. Gum has been a nifty little hack to help me passively focus and enjoy games again.  That being said, I’d chew almost anything other than 5gum. The flavour on most gums evaporates in minutes, so all your left with is the sensory experience, and 5gum is just too thin and flimsy. I prefer bubblegum, it’s a more interesting texture.  Maybe they should be marketing to people with ADHD instead? They’re all over TikTok at the moment, it’s trendy right now.
Chewing gum while gaming isn't a weird thing lol
how it chews to feel 5 gum
Ever poop over a hungry pit of vipers…. 5 gum will emulate that sheer childhood nightmare and turn into flavor. TERRORIFIC FLAVOR. Hmmm new word. Surprised I’ve never heard or thought of it before? Terrorific. Disgusting and even sounds really bad when said out loud. Ope, sorry. Had to explain that mumbled terrorific try? If not I’m lonely to. Stay sane! And just remember when you’re mad ya cut yourself off from learning from some of the worst situations in life. So try to use your head inside it using you. Just sayin.
Moms disc plate def deserves a spot on a bathroom wall
This is more like a teenage flash back, forgot 5 even existed, haven’t seen it anywhere in a very long time.
You literally have calluses on your hands lol do you ride bikes?
Lol I really enjoyed those early commercials and 5 Gum is still my favorite today. Though by the time the new stuff came around (2015 you say?) I had already dropped cable and therefore haven't actually seen those commercials. So Stimulate your senses buddy
I thought pedro pascal had a youtube channel
My older sister and I got 5 Gum all the time because we saw it on flash game websites all the time. I was born in '01 and remember my middle school changing their "snack policy" and I brought a few packs to school in 6th/7th grade lol (until I realized I have and always will be an Orbit boy. bubblemint and sweetmint, don't @ me. Trident is okay in a pinch,  but Orbit is no. 1)
I've been playing CS since 1.6 both competitively and casually. The common advice I've heard for trying to deal with nerves when you're in a match is to chew gum. The consensus behind it was that chewing gum tricks your mind into thinking that you're eating and that calms nervousness somehow. I've tried it out myself and it does work sometimes. If you've been following CS esports for a while, you might have even noticed some pros chewing gum while they're in their matches (Twistzz being one usual suspect for this). So the segment at 15:07 slamming Respawn Gum for being "completely off base" and completely exaggerating the sound you can make chewing gum rubbed me the wrong way. I understand that you're trying to entertain here, but beating up a strawman isn't fun to watch. Yes, I understand that it doesn't completely represent the entire identity of "gaming" and that Wrigley's was probably leaning a bit too hard into the gaming angle. But acting like the decision had no basis behind it is kind of icky tbh.
You look exactly like a young Pedro Pascal
they put the mamster cheif on dah durrito bagm
Man I miss the Flare flavour, it's not what it used to be
I remember the original "how it feels to chew 5 gum" Youtube Poop Collab. I miss those days sometimes and I hope when I get off the street I can start making YTPs of those original 5 gum ads again. ❤
The reason they died cause they can’t really stick to an identity, and then the original demographic that chose 5 as their favorite gum suddenly became unable to feel a connection with them
this guy sounds like sean giambrone for some reason
say what you will about this gum brand, i still miss the Elixir, Solstice, and Lush flavors
Is gum  food?
CRASS
As someone who still wears a face mask on a near daily basis, I would love the razer face mask. I think they called it the zephyr?  You can't cleanly eat doritos while gaming. I frequently chew gum in call, granted i exclusively chew dubble bubble.   But if you chew gum like that ever, you should be banned from chewing it. I can have like 6 pieces in my mouth and i can still talk almost normally. What the hell kind of biased gum chewing did you have to do to get that take lmao
11:48 ✏Waffle Stomp
I eat sunflower seeds while playing witch leads to me just not taking a lot of
5 Gum was so popular in middle school you could buy a girlfriend with it.
I'm looking forward to their next phase where they just put "My little pogchamp" on every box.
Bro just wants to get some 5 swerve so he’s saving the brand🔥
Surprised you never mentioned the vine. But I guess it wasn't intentional marketing.
I bought so much 5 in highschool. Not from the store, but from the kid who would steal 20 packs of gum from the store and sell them a dollar a pack throughout periods 😂
I am SO HAPPY to have confirmation all their flavors disappeared because I felt like I was going crazy, I liked their fruit flavors a lot when I was a kid but in the past like 5 years I've only ever seen peppermint and spearmint stocked at stores around me
Am I the only one that thinks the packaging was kind of cool back in the day? It's like not just gum, it's pretty badass and the colored foil is always unique. Probably everyone peeled the foil and stuck it everywhere like on journals or books or something.
the fall of 5 gum and all greatly advertised products in the early 2000s can be attributed to the fall of cable tv as a whole and the rise of internet/ athgorithmic based advertising
Let’s be real… 5 truth or dare was cool.
Corporations are just 40k madness powered by the immaterium that somehow make money
The commercials were awesome and the gum was great! Easily my favorite because it wasn't insanely flavored like Extra. I just hated when they started doing so many sweet flavors
chewing 5 gum while watching this lol
Dude, I thought you were Pedro Pascal for a moment.
lol the 'marketing presentation' is actually a case study video, they all come in this format (though this particular one is not too well done). Brands and ad agencies submit videos like this to explain the strategy, campaign and resulting impact to impress juries in advertising award shows. Here's an example of a better case study by Old Spice: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kg0booW1uOQ
Telling my kids this is idubbz
That was a fire outro
lol I never heard anyone chew gum so loud and obnoxiously in my life.
Yay…everyone is horrible. The end.
It was mid gym
Stimulate your senses.
Stimulate your senses.
I think 5 gum commercials went the same way as the cool nike or monster energy adds from the mid to late 2000s. I really liked that over the top animated style and still do. But I cant decide if its nostalgia from growing up with this kind of adds and styling everywhere or if its seriously cool.
You look like Pedro Pascal
5 makes the only good tasting spearmint gum that I have access to.  Edit: This video reminds me that the watermelon flavor exists and its garbage.
This fit my niche perfectly. I’ve always preferred 5 gum because of their fun and cool flavors, and now it’s a sad shadow of its former self.
Wrigley's in Australia just dropped production of gum to increase their production of mints. That they also make...
Australians: why does it look like a condom packet?
In before they make a coop brand deal with some beverage manufacturer, to introduce a new drinking game where you combine flavors that... somehow....... include................ chewing gum?!
....didn't expect to be watching 5 gum history as told by Pedro Pascal, but here we are....great vid!
The answer is so simple. Bring back "how it feels to chew five gum" and then play a completely random clip like the meme
good to know, 17yo pedro pascal...
Also the gum sucks ass
Thank you Pedro Pascal
I want gum so bad right now.
Genius work, but i have to tell you the truth. No one buys chewing gum, cuz as soon as you start chewing gum, you'll get asked "can I have 1 too?". Chewing gum therefore becomes something tedious.
Pedro pascal?
Nice video. Looks kinda like pedro Pascal little brother
1:15 I actually have a CD copy of _Music For TV Dinners_. Laurie Johnson's "Happy Go Lively" is the second track. I like listening to it in the car.
great video  :))
i stole a lot of packs of five gum as a kid because of their cool commercials lmao
actually baffling how they fumbled the marketing. "how it feels to chew 5 gum. stimulate your senses" is so much more iconic than anything else they tried
For a second i thought pedro pascal has become a youtuber
it was absolutely delicious for five minutes tho
gaming and gum gee what a great idea im sure that wouldnt be annoying over voice chat and lead to your immediate muting
Just market chewing gum to ravers, they're the younger core audience now anyway and they chew it for actual reasons
Pedro Pascal YouTube channel???
Bruh. Ur chewing gum on a call example was WILDLY exaggerated. I dnt know ANYONE who chews gum that loud
Wow, what a throwback... I remember LOVING this stuff back in the day. I was certainly the target demographic for it. As a teenager I was always carrying one of these around, it made me feel all cool and edgy and epic. It was my favorite gum and I was always chewing some, even at school.  Then, when they launched the truth or dare campaign, I felt that tone shift and absolutely hated it. I was so mad and disappointed that I refused to buy the gum as much as I craved it, because reading the wrappers made me feel stupid and pandered to. I didn't wanna be seen with it. It was embarrassing. I remember going around to different stores desperately looking for old packages that didn't have the truth or dare stuff on them.   Then I injured my jaw and just never chewed gum again. But hey, I'm just glad to know that I wasn't alone in my disappointment and that their downfall wasn't just something I was imagining.
I miss Candystand.
I don't think you understand how it chews to feel 5gum.
I don't think it's entirely fair to call it the Axe body spray of gum. 5 Gum actually tastes kinda good and it lasts for quite a awhile. Axe Body spray generally smells like shit no matter what can you pick.
They discontinued my favorite flavor Flare, thats why I stopped buying it
The "At home" version of Pedro pascal be like: 8:08 Jk ofc, this is some good content!
Commercials need to be stupid and edgy again, please!!
From which campaign/ Video is the  cutout at 12:55?
I think I’ve seen the respawn gum at GameStop a couple of times
I was thinking if they're gonna rebrand as gamer fuel they need to add caffeine and shit, and then you tell me it's the bad ending when they actually do it. It's not the WORST idea right? Better than making old people cry or chugging toxic sugar bombs. I mean, I chew gum occasionally while studying or gaming... solo...
Pedro Pascal that you?! Im going to sub just for you being his doppelganger and making a great vid.
Weirdly, gum has always helped me with games because I have ADHD. Chewing gum is like a way to fidget without using my hands, so it lets me dedicate more of my attention to playing.
Why is Pedro Pascal talking about 5 Gum?
Razer Zypher is still a think, got a new name though and has more akin to a mask for basic protective use.
I've used the "how it feels to chew 5 Gum" meme in the comment section of videos about over the top death scenes in fiction both for self-amusing ironic humor and the fact that I really don't like overly minty or spicy gum, but that is just me. I didn't know my memes would be sorta relevant for this video, but even I gotta admit, these commercials were pretty cool.
Are you the love child of Chris Ray Gun and iDubbbz?
Mmm 5 gum
5 Gum is the equivalent of that one guy who peaked in high school and has been chasing that feeling ever since.
i really hoping I'm first person to ask if this is pedroe pascale
Oh shit it's the mandalorian
displates are cool for awhile, then the magnets fall off the wall and bend your expensive art
Man, I had a weird feeling in my mouth throughout the whole video, ugh.
Like all gum theirs was overrated anyway, the flavor was gone as soon as you put it in your mouth. Honestly gum is the biggest waste of money.
I haven't seen 5gum for sale in a shop in the uk in years
5 a division of VaultekTM 👍
I was onboard with watching a 20 minute video on the history of gum advertisement but the gum Discord call nearly made me throw my headphones across the room, I couldn't get to the mute fast enough. TF is wrong with you?
I feel like leaning into the gaming market is probably the truest return to their original identity. Those "14-25 Year Old Status seekers" are all gamers now. They seek to stimulate their senses through the online/ video game worlds. If they more effectively leaned into that market and tried to pair it with more classic five gum marketing videos I think they could make a good comeback. NGL just watching this video made me wanna go buy a pack for nostalgia's sake.
16:37 while yeah the entire green tea and B vitamins might be a stretch for boosting focus, however it has been show that just chewing gum helps improv focus. (Gum has been issued to US soldiers since the first word war).
It's skate park, because it's for the youths, you know how they are. Always rolling on their skating boards and wheeled boots
I can't believe so much marketing went into fucking chewing gum. I mean... It's gum. Who cares?
As a marketer all i can say is... THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST PITCHES I EVER SAW. And I saw a lot of Instagram models just begging for a sponsorship. Going back to your roots is something a lot of companies are going to have to tread once this wasted decade is over with.
i do actually chew gum while gaming but never online
Biggest shocker in this video is finding out Pedro Pascal has a son!
I buy like 4 packs of 5 gum every time I get gas. I never thought that gum was like a failing market or something
Why do you look like Pedro pascal from wish
Why is Pedro Pascal’s stunt double aggressively educating me on 5 Gum’s ad campaign history?
12:10 As someone playing a Changeling Bard who's a jester in my one DnD campaign.. maybe I need to study corpos more..
Seriously, the video quality is as if you already have 10 million subscroob. Holy crap
You have earned yourself a subscroob my friend.
5 Gum - Stimulate your ferrets
Y’all chew gum with your mouth open? 🤦‍♂️
They didnt advertise this gum in Russia. At least, I didnt see any advertisement. Something  with number 5 on it just appeared in shops one day. As the result, for many years of my youth i was thinking it was condoms 🤣
The Monster Energy of gum, ngl this shit worked on me when I was growing up lmao.
Someone really loved that Ghandavars First day of Spring 90s video vibe
man I lost my mind when you got to the pandering to gamers bit hahaha "specially engineered gamer gum"
That 'HAVE YOU EVER ______ WITH YOUR PANTS ON?' made me think 'SHAT'
People that refer to themselves as "gamers" would probably fall this goofy shit.
I don’t blame Wrigley’s. I blame millennial influencers. You made Wrigley’s do this!!
I love the memes made from the early 5 commercials.
I like the way you speak and present information
Spearmint was a lot better. De facto standard of chewing gum.
Why is Pedro Pascal talking about Gum?
You people buy gum based on TV ads? If anything I would be swayed by how cool the packaging looks.
okay never do that loud chewing bit again, it's hella gross and disgusting
i was saying when you talked about the noregrets campaign your fucking gum
Prime example of “If it ain’t broke don’t fix it”
Wrigley's, you're a freakin GUM company. KNOW YOUR PLACE 💯🤣
I don't like gum. 1. Most of the people around me chew it like goddamn cows 2. The jerks that feel the need to hocker it onto the pavement.
The over the top adverts were the only reason I would ever get 5 gum. Commitment to the bit is huge with teenagers.
They need to make New 6 Gum: The Next Experiment.
You sorta look like J.J. McCullough.
This is so funny bc the only person I know, and have ever known, who regularly enjoys Five gum is my boomer mom. She likes the blue peppermint flavor. There’s some waiting for her inside her Christmas stocking right now. 😅
The 5 gum was cool bc the package felt nice like it had some raised markings and stuff, the foil looked cool and when u put it in your mouth it tasted good. It’s like a pack of pokemon cards but you can eat it. Very similar feel, I’ve heard that gum is where trading cards even came from for the most part so makes sense. I bet you gum chewers are also TCG fans of something.
I think teachers cracking down on gum in class hurt too. Like every teacher in the ‘00s hated gum with a passion lol
12:11 Reichsburg Cochem, why? 😂😭
Yo, who ordered Pedro Pascal off of wish? 🤣
oh... I liked 5gum back in middle school, but hadn't yet realised I was a trans boy. the gum knew before I did. XD
Why did you chew 5 pieces of gum at once on a phone call.  I'm all for you taking this brand down, but come on man, you don't have to fabricate it, they bury themselves.
The commercials were so cool but 5’s texture was terrible. It was all stringy and gross
To be fair, I don’t think I’ve ever heard someone chew gun that loud
this video is better advertising for 5 gum then anything 5 gum has made
bro lookin like pedro pascal chewed some 5 gum and regressed to a teenager
This video is how it feels to chew 5 gum
What's sad is most of the "Respawn" flavors are just straight ass and they lose their flavor after ten seconds.
I’ve never been this engrossed in a story about bubble gum since Willy Wonka. 😂
Never in my life have I ever bought a single pack of 5-Gum because it's too damn overpriced.
That discord call made me homicidal.
They need to lace the gum with psychoactives
"Who's funding this?" Aperture Science, obviously.
I am 100% omw to go get a pack of Cobalt and Rain. Thanks for this hit of nostalgia.
thank u for calling it “gamer gum” 😂
My only real life contact with this product was one class mate handing some out before saying the kext one is gonna cost us money. I might have seen some adverts about the how it feels to chew it, but it might as well have been the memes about that. Tbh it propably was just the memes. I live in northern europe.
As a visual effects artist, I appreciated those original commercials for the incredible VFX work on display. I don't know what company did the work but at least one of the spots was directed by John Favreau. My suspicion is that they were incredibly expensive and lengthy to produce. Could that have led some executives to say it wasn't worth the money to continue? I have no data, but I strongly suspect so. They were great spots, though, and will live forever in memes. Thanks for letting us all know what happened!
ngl I kind of want some 5 gum now
You look like Pedro Pascal, Thought i'd lyk. Great vid !
I honestly feel that “litter awareness” campaigns really ate into the appeal of gum. As a kid I hated the long term commitment of having to chew it till you found a garbage bc it wasn’t “cool” or socially acceptable to spit it on the ground anymore.
"How does it feel to chew 5 gum? Drugs. It feels like drugs. Look; doesn't it look great? Thats what drugs are like. But uh... don't do drugs. No. Do 5."
no joke i really wanna chew some 5 gum now
I'm not going to lie, I want to try pomegranate watermelon gum.
I think they should focus on interdimensional cable commercial style.
Why is a young Pedro Pascal talking to me about 5 Gum  Nah but y’all remember that RPM, tasted like monster 😂😂
I would chew gum if the sugar alcohols didn't give me horrible poops
Let's not forget the memes we got out of the early commercials.
8 minutes into the video and saying "to begin," is wild
7:43 is the best reaction clip ive seen since the bite of 87
The packaging reminded me of a pack of cigs and i couldnt buy cigs at that time i agree with your point on the target audience
being born in the year 2000, i loved 5 gum. havent thought about them recently as i havent watched ads for a minute now. spent too much to avoid them or worked around them. i only ever see banner ads. i had no idea 5 gum had shit the bed and im sad
11:04 Racist...
The condom one was the funniest.
bro 1:57 earned my subscription right there on its own. this vid was awesome!
Lame ending
This video was a better ad for 5 gum than the 5 years of ads it ran after 2015
gamer bread
I think I have had 5 once. Noticed it was a rip off in the amount you get compared to Extra. Continued to buy Extra? Never thought about it haha. Sometimes I have to buy Eclipse and its ok I guess.
I'm not a big gum chewer, but I'm certainly left wondering if 5 is even sold in Brazil. I have some familiarity with that package, but I don't know if you can find it anywhere or only in imported candy shops.
The solstice 5 was so good back when u was a kid and rain
I must have been asleep or working during those years. I don't recall the commercials, and 5 never became a household name in my family.
The funny re-cuts of "How it feels to chew 5 gum." with people getting injured were better than the gum ever was
14:36 gum or rather chewing can calm the mind and increase focus. and sociability.
it how fives to gum feel chew
Having 'Baby Yoda Only' Displates showing as you say about some of your 'favourite' designs had me laughing. 'Liking Baby Yoda is not a personality!' 🤣
I love how the marketing budget has clearly cratered by the time we reach the gamer era.
i chew gum while gaming all the time. i dont even care what kind it is i just get the cheapest gum at the store.
You should have at least 2 million subscribers, the quality of your videos is outrageous (but not as outrageous as the premise of a 5 gum print ad, which I thank you for educating me on.)
wait till Zebra stripe comes back, partners with 5, and we get a whole five seconds of flavor 😝
😂 "ohhh BROTHER, THIS GUY STINKS!" meme is all I can think of once they changed from the OG 5 branding ☠
They should have name the Respawn flavours things like: Ace and Penta.  P.s. I'm for hire.
Honestly to me it felt like 5’s advertising had vanished growing up. So finding this video sure explained a lot.  Also, seeing I just learned they owned all those other gum names it’s so silly for them to change “stimulate your senses”/“how it feels to chew 5 gum” into “life happens in 5”… well it could’ve worked if they did some weird abstract ethereal adrenaline ad like they use to. (Insert odd crazy ad here and it counts down from 5.. 4.. 3… they eat gum (or whatever) and the experiment with wacky visuals starts.)   Major flop on their part, for changing what made 5 an odd iconic staple. They should’ve kept 5’s original marketing and tried to rebrand some of their other gum names.  They could’ve done the more down to earth or child-like advertising to hubba bubba. They could’ve done the thrill of enjoying life like a ballet rehearsal or sneaking out, and… kissing a boy? I guess- to Juicy Fruit… since fruit could be some odd metaphor to the “tangy zing” of I dunno some joyful experience. Orbit could be rebranded to a space feeling gum, like the cold refreshing mint could be compared to the cold emptiness of space.   I dunno it’s not like I remember what on earth the advertisements looked like for those ads, so maybe it was what I said but failed.   Overall- It would’ve looked like those gum names were competing for a spot against 5 gum… Instead of rebranding 5, and having its memorable ads lose their spot by changing it’s marketing… which made it feel more as if 5 was trying to blend in instead of stick out like they use to.
I remember them - I didn't buy them because they didn't taste good.  And those commercials were actually annoying as hell.
Subbed! Lol, that discord call with the gum was totally relatable.  Hilarious stuff man!  😂
I miss flare :(
Honestly, I never saw an ad for 5gum and was more than confused, as to why it suddenly vanished from the supermarket shelves. I always liked its packaging, taste and consistency. Nowadays, I can only find those filled bubble gum balls from 5gum.
Woa... The first second of the video when you showed up my brain saw Pedro Pascal 😂
Pedro Pascal
Those early 5 gum ads were so much like perfume/cologne ads
gum isnt food.
Never thought I'd see the GOAT Swampletics in a non RS related video.
i disliked the video because of the gum chewing part, also you sound like a bundle of sticks
Okay who actually smacks their gum?? I know I’m a quiet gum enjoyer.
you wanna make gum popular again? maybe consider removing the carcinogenic sugar free sweeteners.
Not to be a tin foil hat kinda guy but some strange references in the picture at 9:47
I never liked gum but as a 10 year old boy I bought a pack of 5 gum when I went to Disney land and I felt like the coolest kid ever
Kinda feeling like eating some gum now
11:37 Why yes, 5; I have taken a shit with my pants on! 0/5 would not recommend!
I swear as soon as you said "pandering to gamers " it immediately went to an ad for something pandering to gamers.
Ah yes they succumbed to the age old trap of trying to fix something that wasn't broke
How it chews to gum 5 feels - 🍥👄🍥 gum gum - sense your stimulate
I don't even chew gum, so why am I hooked by a mini-documentary on gum!?
I always hate the 5 senses thing. Like you seriously think theres only 5 senses? Why do people teach even teach that? I mean the other senses are not even hard to explain. Plus Id argue a few are more important and used more often than some of the main 5
When he pulled up the middle school boys from the 2000s and I did everything on the picture :(
Jesus Christ I thought you were using a face AI to match Pedro Pascals face to yours but no that’s just your face
16:44 bro is lowkey weird, ded ass almost stopped watching
During the 5gum craze kids at my middle school would peel the shiny foil off the gum wrappers and coat entire binders with the stuff. Did anyone else do this? or were we just crafty weirdos
talking unnecessary razer products.... they actually did it... there is a razer razor out there
Couldn't watch the whole video  felt like you were trying too desperately to be funny.
How it chews to gum five feels gum gum sense your stimulate
This video just made me realize how pointless gum is.
There's definitely an image of my 6 year old brother posing with a pack of 5 gum that he had just received from our grandmother
I saw the commercial and got “rain” all those years ago, still do to this day!
discplate is like a ‘live life love’ sing for gamers
Idk how you only have 90k subs. Your channel is going to blow up for sure. Your vide are the EXACT thing I have been looking for
Here's my advert:  A teenage guy opens the car door for his date after bringing her back home. She chews a piece of 5 gum's Arctic Glacier Blast to freshen her breath real quick. At the front door they do the whole awkward kiss thing, to soft, sweet, romantic music. When she opens her eyes, the boy is frozen solid. The music turns to screaming metal. The girl looks shocked and confused. Then she screams. Cue narrator: "Life happens in 5."
The discord gum chewing bit had me shitting my pants and pissing in them too. Also I'm gay now.
Sierra Mist had the "Yeah, it's kinda like that" ad campaign that reminds me of the original 5 gum ads.
Never tried it. I remember the first time I saw one of their commercials..watched about 3-4 sec of it, thought..interesting marketing sci-fi attempt and tuned it out. I have trained myself quite well on tuning out commercials...se cannot remember any of the others.
I think this is fallout from advertisers simply not understanding how Gen Z works/thinks. It seems like no advertiser has really got what makes them tick yet
They don't sell it here and I have never tasted it, but even I know, how it feels to chew 5 gum.
Here's a neat fact for you: combat care packages for soldiers have chewing gum in them and have since WWI because chewing a stick of gum does, in fact, improve concentration and ability to pay attention. Helps relieve a little stress, too. It won't solve all of your problems, but every little bit helps.
This brand always gave me chronic diarrhea. 😂
I never thought Pedro Pascal would talk about 5 Gum.
This is the first time I've watched a Pedro Pascal YouTube video.
Has anyone ever said you look just like Pedro Pascal?
I actually really liked 5 gum back in highschool because of the flavours, and people would flock to you like seagulls if you had it.  i would have kept buying it in 2014 but i was having stomach problems. Sorry wrigleys 🤷‍♂️
17:24 well you don't really need to chew on it like a horse.. that's such a stupid point to make
Although I liked the video, it is weird to see an adult not being able to chew without making disgusting noises; or cringe to pretend you can't chew without doing them. I chew gum often, and the trick is, chew normally, like you do with food. And if that is how you normally chew, then you need to learn how to do it, or outcasted from society with everyone else who does it that way.
You completely left out the 5 gum ARG from 2012.
Very interesting.  I remember these weird commercials - lol.   Thank you Young Pedro Pascal.
Never thought i’d watch a video of Pedro Pascal talking about 5 gum
I remember being extremely confused when these ads first came out. I was an innocent child just entering into their teenage years in 2007 and had no clue how marketing worked. I tried one, it tasted and felt like normal gum, never cared about it again and kept getting those super sour off brand pieces that actually gave you a substantial experience.
clearly you didnt use to smoke...
Should've put a trigger warning for the gum chewing discord segment 😂
I remember the initial adverts but it never really took off and i seem to remmeber it having a higher proce than other gum. Im guessing it was more popular in America.
When he revealed the gamer gum I jumped out of my seat and screamed "GAMERS RISE UP" at the top of my lungs. Truly a moment of all time.
they took -5 gum
FIVE! senses your stimulate.
those early ads are so influential and sticks to you so much that I honestly couldn't think of a single ad that wasn't those original ones.
When you think outside the box like they did the product sold itself. You couldn't go anywhere without hearing about 5 Gum. Then one day, it just disappeared and it was no longer on anyone's mind. I definitely equated 5 Gum with Axe because I was a fan of both.
chewing itself improves focus. they could advertise chewing stick during gaming improves performence
The sad thing was ‘Rain’ tasted just like their Wrigleys Spearmint gum . It just looked cooler .
On the one hand I am kinda happy that last I heard of 5 it was during their original truth or dare cringe. On the other hand I am kinda sad that I missed the Gamer Gum TM
We could totally make a gum that enhances your focus while gaming, but I am afraid that gum would not be legal in 90% of the world...
Between 5 gum and PS3 ads I think the late 2000s were a really weird time.
Here before the 100k subs. We'll see the million in no time with this quality videos.
“Gum sales are dropping and gum isn’t cool anymore, so let’s make the gum infinitely less cool”
Gamers gotta gum. They have _always_ said this
5 COMPLETELY FAILED in their advertising.  I had no idea that this gum brand existed until I just watched this video, today, in december 2023.  I'm 40 and live in CT, USA.  I'm no gum sommelier or anything, but I've bought my fare share of different gum and like to chew some occasionally...   where the heck were they showing these ads? cable tv? (where nobody really is...)
It would be easier to chew gum than eat doritos. And you're chewing while on the mic was obnoxious as shit.
Double the pleasure, Double the fun - taste the rainbow. TASTE IT!
Woah, I was NOT prepared for how much you look like Pedro Pascal. Nice.
Damn you look like Pedro Pascal :D
Im not a gum person. Never have, never will. Especially 5 gum. Edit: 17:39 that is why. I HATE open mic chewers that push their mic up close like super toxic ASMR vids. 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
What a way to end the video 👏
okay, so actually there was an rumor in my hood that 5 gum lasts 5 hours to lose the taste. made everyone think its worth the money and lets be honest who ever tried 5 hours with the same gum and never eats something in between where you can always take blame on the food why it didnt tasted good still. apparently everyone loved the orange ones, they taste somehow last really long but surely not 5 hours, however 5 gum made me rich because i was selling them in school.  made an overpriced product be more overpriced when someone wanted to be cool and never get to buy a whole pack for 2,49€: well i got you i sell you just one 5 gum for only 1€ so you can try it be cool as i am and show your friends that you got one from me. they always came back to buy more ridiculous 😂
Reminds me of the 2000s Cherry Coke cans/bottles, that was somehow linked to a video game (The Lost Island of Alanna).  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=so1c46rk0yQ
I got to 7:30 feeling like the video was almsot finished only for you to affirm that I still had over half the run time leftover.  nice!
I used to chew gum all the time. Haven't since college when I picked up a horrible nicotine habit. Might start chewing gum again to quit using nicotine when I do things.
I thought that was Paulie Walnuts in the thumbnail, I am massively disappointed.
Thanks, this video is an actual discovery for me.   Back then i just liked the gum for not being another boring Orbit wannabe. Never noticed the ad company, probably it wasn't that massive where i live. And only after being exposed to english speeking parts of the Internet, i started to notice this wave of "what it feels" memes. Now you show me the whole picture and it's scale is just gargantuous.  It is a strange sencation to only discover something massive only when it eather already ceased to exists or become so insignificant it barely resambles its former glory.   P.S. bring the fuck back cinnamon flavour, i'm starving here
5 gum did taste pretty great! One of the few i liked.
The way you chewed gum in that discord clip is absurd 😂 who fucking eats gum like that? I'm guessing the same people that just eat everything with an open mouth.
Man, i sure could go for a can of Jolt right now, tell you whut
I'm not a cow so never got into the whole cud thing. Unfortunate to hear how 5Gum fucked themselves over.
no naked bobsled run?
dang... I got addicted to the blue Respawn beverage.. it was delicious... it's the best tasting blue that ever blued
Seeing "Stimulate your senses" again after so many years just unlocked a section of my brain
why didnt they just make 5-Gum branded mints? 5mints.
Anyone else feel like when 5 first launched the flavor lasted forever but now it goes away in less than a minute?
5 Gum's marketing could be best described as "PC graphics card packaging".
"the real question we should be asking is who chews gum while playing video games?!"  me, someone who chews gum while playing video games: 👁👄👁    (no its not 5 Gum)
Oh hey cool the algorithm served me Pedro Pascal Channel
Honestly jus commenting for the YouTube algorithm gods. This channel seemingly popped up outta nowhere & has been pumping out top tier content
as a 5 gum chewer, i can verify that having a pack of 5gum made you a fucking badass. everyone wanted to be next you. everyone wanted to see that little 5er that was in your.. eveyone just wanted gum. you were instantly cooler if you had 5gum. all the nons had winterfresh and juicyfruit or mentos gum na ! 5 gum or no gum. thats how it felt to chew 5 gum.
I was confused that you didn't mention the Smallville brand deal, but then I realized that was Stride gum, the other extreme to the max chewing sensation of the mid-aughts.
you forgot to mention that chewing alot of them in a short amount of time gave you diarrhea
LifeHa- PENIS
I remember seeing all the 5gum commercials! they were suuuper cool, imho    Like, honestly, no other food commercial comes close to how wild, weird and strange the 5gum commercials were, lol I digged them  But yeahhh they got lame and ehhh, that whole change was such a downgrade
You look like a baby Pedro Pascal
My favorite flavor was the original Five React Fruit, when they chenged the recipe and released React 2 I was so disappointed I miss that mystery flavour, reminded me of dragonfruit
The fact that people still meme the original slogan to this day makes it all the more baffling that they abandoned it for... whatever they're doing now lol
I miss 5 gum
Was some good ass gum though.  10:55 hahahahah yuuuuup that’s a sub from me dog.  18:34 this right here is why I just don’t bother to buy them anymore. All my favorite flavors are gone. Sure it’s the same for many. This hurts sales even further almost ensuring those flavors never return. They really did shoot themsevles in the knee by giving up on the marketing that literally made the brand what it is.  Wow what an ending. What an absolutely perfect video. Bravo 👏
respect for the swampletics displate
What possibly possessed you to think "hey this is a really annoying and disgusting sound. Look here's proof. Great let's put this sound in the video"? Stupid idea
I feel insulted that he's talking smack about my gum chewing on discord, my friends do not care, (also I'm not some freak who uses voice activity) this is anti-gum chewing propaganda. I like chewing gum when I play anything, call me adhd but it helps me focus. finally, 5 gum tastes way better than any other brand I've tried
10:45 "We had to remind them that 5gum is a gateway to intriguing experiences" with young 20's dancing in the water My ad: "Mobile game fat disgusting goblin digs into its belly, pulls out the worm and eats it".  You have clearly lost your edge mister 5gum.
We still have 5 gum in Germany, Spearmint and Watermelone. Strawberry is still listed as available but is hard to find.
Why did all of the old ads look like they were in the original Xbox menu screen?
16:53 OPTIC CRASHIES
To this day I still don't think I ever tried any. Granted I was in my early 20s when it came out, so I guess I wasn't the target audience? I just thought the flavors sounded weird.
Stimulate your Ferrets
When it first came out, I thought this was gonna be my gum but it was so expensive (in South Africa) that I never got it again.
From 14:00 onwards the cringe exceeded by pain threshold. Great vid.  Oh and yes I'm one of the freaks of nature that chews gum while gaming. Gives my jaw something to do but without the additional calories.
The orange flavour 5 gum used to slap ngl. I used to grab a pack on the way to school and then suddenly it was just gone.
Mom: We have pedro pascal at home But seriously, immediate subscribe after watching this.
17:07 uh… 17:27… DO YOU SMACK YOUR LIPS WHEN CHEWING GUM?!?! WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU⁉️⁉️
During their truth or dare and no regrets campaigns adults from russian-speaking countries were panicking and asking to ban this gum, they believed that "extreme" themes of the ads were promoting self harm amongst teens because at the same time there was a hoax going on about someone recruiting teenagers into groups and challenges that were mainly focused on suicide as their main goal(in reality it was a troll who was taken too seriously to the point that every teenage suicide was blamed on it)
Remember commercials but gum wasnt good. Never understood it was called 5 gum. Ddont remember ppl cheewing it or ever talking about it
Never thought I’d enjoy a video essay featuring “Dollar General Pablo Pascal “
This young pedro pascal guy is pretty bright
i will honestly say i tried 5 purely because of the commercials back in its day
The smacking at the end 😂😂😂
Wow irl bubblegum lore
Yeah their phrase is still "stimulate your senses" to me and the memes are still fire from the first ad campaign.
I always thought they ripped off those weird commercials from Metal Gear Solid 4, one of them looks exactly like a 5 Gum ad. But alas this came out a year before, unless Kojima was onto something...
The original truth or dare was strong enough to make me buy a pack... They just changed their demographic, from success chasing young men to, everyday angry teen.
Ah yes “Delivered straight to your door” it’s so annoying when my deliveries get sent to random locations and I have to go on some nick cage national treasure - esc type adventure to find them.
I remember we got a box of Respawn as a kind of sponsorship I guess. It was pretty good. Didnt do jack shit to focus though.
Better to stick to your gums.
Perhaps the greatest fumble in marketing history
I loved the ending!!
when i was a kid i thought 5gum was cigarettes
i always loved 5gum as a kid, i remember seeing the first ads on tv. honestly i think if they just kept that style they wouldnt need other marketing. just make like 1 or 2 new flavours/ads a year and theyd be solid.
This year has been a meditation in youtube essayist's reframing my childhood and adolescence. don't get me wrong, I'm here for it! but 5 GUM?? it feels like a line has been crossed and there's no going back.. anyway, great video!!
You look like Pedro Pascals animec nephew
You look like Pedro pascal
The testing facility ads made it look like nothing I ever wanted to feel. Mostly grey, soulless, bland yet unpleasant.
Their audience got older and don’t chew gum anymore
Gum can't improve one's gaming focus, and for that matter neither can the canned heart attacks we call energy drinks. Only Anthrax's Spreading the Disease cranked up to 11 can do that.
I saw an excel ad by an asmrtist and they linked to an official exel asmr Spotify playlist. It was pretty good.
I thought 5 was named that way because it lasted 5 hours since the flavor never seemed to stop
For the Vitamin clame in 5gum respawn... I am a game rI just a huge bowl with all kinds of different fruits that give me all sorts of vitamins. I used to only eat doritos and drink mtn dew but I realised that I aym getting fat so I'm eating so I just cut every fruit I see into one bowl and eat that. It is much healthier and tastes great too.
whats funny to me is that while watching this video, my instagram feed showed an ad from 5 gum with the no regrets campaign. Seems that they went back to that?
I always bought 5 gum we were always at a store and they sell it like so so much cheaper than any other store but it was only open once every month ort so. We bought huge quantities of candy, chips and 5 gum for a fraction of the cost like literally saving so so much. Now that don't exist anymore and 5 gum is so expensive where I live I cannot afford it lol :( They also only sell gum in boxes now I don'Ät löike it I want sticks back.
Damn Pedro Pascal had enough of hollywood and turned to youtube.
bro ur videos are actually funny and I love it.  You're not boring like a few others on youtube.  Keep it up !!!
Bro, is that Toa Nuju on your shelf?! Man, childhood right there.  Anyway, loved this!
I'm sending Wrigley's my medical for the whiplash they've caused from exposure to their marketing trash
I loved the commercials, they where hot!
imagine 5Gum commercials from 2007 having better CGI than Disney's 100th year film.
The only thing missing here is someone crying about losing another home loan to Ditech. Now where did I put that Fushigi?
Its wild i didnt even notice the change, the last time i saw a 5 gum ad, it was those over the top, OG stimulate your senses ones.
I ha tried 5 back then, I was curius about what it was like, considering how har the adds were pushing, was it going to be angry and spicy? Like a warhead but in gum form? I was desapointed, they were, normal, tho one thing stuck, the packaging, not it's design, I had seen that before, if you remove the word gum, you could pretend it was a miniature graphics cards, look at the designs of the AMD and NVidia cards back then, 5 Gums packaging looked like GPUs', but the fact they're little fancy cardboard sleeves with easy to grab and pull mini cabons, instead of cuboids in tic tac boxes, it was really convenient, open, pull close, instead of open, shake like a mad man unstil something finally comes out, nice, now you got 14 instead of 2, time to put the 12 extra back through the hole inside the box, and fuck, another one fell into the ground... and I'm pretty sure a lot of people agreed that the sleeves were indeed very practical, because quickly, other brands started making the same sleeves, and now that 5 is gone, every mainline brands, still makes those sleeves, they were like, make it edgy, and they failed, but everyone who tried the sleeves, while wanting to go back the better gums, made sure that the sleeves stayed, cause damned, those were really convenient.  PS: Wait, these didn't die with the stock primes? Cause that's when our stores stopped restocking them. Haven't seen them since 08.  PPS: Wait, these weren't innicially produced as gaming adgeacent products? The boxes looked like Graphics cars boxes and the ads looked like XBox and PlayStation ads, everyone at school called them the Candy that looks like XBox.
I was so sad when they stopped selling 5 gum here a few years ago, I still think about the tropical flavour :(
Maybe this will resonate with others, but the reason I stopped buying gum at the grocery store is just that I have better ways to spend my money. Why waste a dollar or two on something I am constantly chewing, as opposed to spending on a snack I can actually eat? Gum feels like blue-balling, where I have something tasty in my mouth that I can't swallow-- it just feels kinda wrong, you know?
I used to love gum when I was a kid
7:41 I remember this one LOL
5:13 LLOLOLOOL
19:17 actually gave me the chills, It´s like a character in the movie saying the title out loud
14:08 Damn for a second there I thought they would be releasing 6Gum. Or to go with the times maybe even X-Gum pro + premium
Well, Axe STINKS 5 is actually a pretty great gum, lol
i didn't even know they moved away from the original over-the-top marketing lmao. that is what the brand is iconic for. they will never be known for anything else.
how it gums to chew 5 feels? gum gum sense your stimulate
For the algorithm
This is a weirdly high quality video for an advertisement posturing as a documentary. But the points made about techniques, while generally accurate for what the company is doing, are definitely not the first time these techniques have been put on TV. And presenting the product as targeting "an entirely new age of consumer", not only is targeting youth the cornerstone of successful business in a capitalist economy, but even these specific buzzwords have already been used to butter up the consumers at least as far back as the late '90s.  So, sorry, I am not fooled. It's not a documentary, it's an ad. And I don't like to let ads influence my feelings on products. My stance on 5 Gum when I arrived was that it is decent market-standard quality and price, the packaging is highly elegant and fairly wasteful, the basic advertisement campaigns are the same fairly neutral high-budget high-action psychedelic and/or sports-focused stuff they did for gum, candy, soda, and all sorts of other unhealthy consumables all the time back in the '90s. And I leave with the same stance.
I forgot 5 gum existed 😆
Pedro pascal is that you?
I thought the 5 Dare concept was stupid fun
Surely running some of those old how it feels to chew 5 gum vine memes as nostalgia bait on tik tok would work? Those ads are iconic to a generation, should just cash in on those people instead of trying to remain in the youth market
imma be real, this video was better advertisement than they did in the last 10 years.
When I was working at Game Crazy they gave us a large box of 5 gum and a flat of Mt. Dew Master Chief edition. This was to help the banger of a party that was the midnight release of Halo 3. By the end of the night there was used gum wads everywhere. They've been targeting the Halo-Axe-Hot Topic-Gamerteen demographic since the start.
I remember back in the day when I was a kid and teen 5 gum was the cool gum. Then one day I fogot it existed and haven't thought about it again until just now.
I remember going to watch transformers in the cinema - this 5 gum commercial came on and we all thought the movie had started 😂 when we realized it wasn't the movie i thought "whatever movie this is i'm going to go see it". With the sound effects and pristine visuals, Those adverts were such an experience. I don't think i've seen an advertisement that cinematic before or since. They literally started a meme with that campaign! What more could you ask for!?
funfact! Chewing gum improves focus by reducing outside stimulation, similar to how blinders work for horses. I did a science project on it in school in a bid to get them to let us chew gum in class.... it didn't work but i got an A😅
All of the blank truth or dare things can filled in with the word "shit". Have you ever taken a shit with your pants on? What's the best shit you've ever had in the shower?
How did you make this video and not once mention the 5 gum meme, in my opinion the meme did more for the brand than the marketing did, kids do not pay any attention to marketing, I only got it at school because of the memes
Now do one on herbal essences.
5 gum is currently the gum i prefer, it just has the longest lasting taste
In middle school I made money selling 5gum. Could get a pack 2.25 and sell the whole pack for 4.00, rinse and repeat for all of grade 7 and 8 lol 😅😂
His handy look lieke he is riding a bike a lot.
Dude. I remember the days when a new flavor of 5 Gum coming out was a genuine event. In Canada we got new flavors later than the US did, or sometimes didn't get them at all. If you went down to the states and brought back a flavor none of the other kids could get their hands on you were instantly the coolest kid in the class and EVERYONE wanted a piece. And the thing is, the product actually lived up to the marketing. 5 Gum had tons of flavor and they all tasted really good. It was cool, and it deserved to be cool. It was a BIG deal. And now it's all but gone. I haven't seen one mention of it in years outside of the occasional throwback meme making fun of the marketing. I still see it in stores but I tend to speak of it in the past tense because its time is over. I haven't really put any thought into it until now, but it's the sad end to an era.
Ive gotten ads of 5 gum the last month and its weird cus im in Australia so
I chew Watermelon gum because it's hard to find, but I had no idea THIS was a thing once😂
I loved Flare so much, even more so because most of my friends didn't like cinnamon so I rarely had to share :]
I’ve always hated 5 Gum commercials.
Im honestly surprised dude didnt know about B vitamins. Have you never read the label on an energy drink? Thats all thats in there besides sugar and caffiene 😂
I can't believe you made a whole video about 5 gum marketing without even mentioning the human preservation project and icefly
I liked you in Narcos. /s    Also, this was a good video.
Guess you could say… Wrigley took 5 on the gum.
I would always chew gum if my teeth weren't so bad, and if it weren't so bad for them.
17:44 okay, i know this was done for comedic effect, but if you have a friend who eats gum like this, tell them to remove their mic from inside of their mouth, i eat gum and it does not get picked up by my mic lol
I love at the end they had a solid marketing campaign… with no distribution. .-.
How it feels to chew five gum memes are the only reason I care about it
5 gum print ads be like “Ever slather Honey on your balls and let bees crawl all over them?”
Pedro Pascal is doing youtube now? Nice :D
When I was in primary school, 5Gum was the thing to have and some kids got their hands on the black edition (didnt see a single store selling it back then). These kids could trade one piece of black edition 5Gum for small stacks of trading cards lmao
Did anyone told you that you're the wish version of Pedro Pascal ?
this guy has the upper half of pedro pascal’s face
I miss Elixir. It was this berries and cream flavor that was so good.
It's mind-boggling how their first and most successful advertising campaign is so well remembered WE STILL MAKE MEMES ABOUT IT and yet they're like "You know what people love? gamer culture!"
Im pretty sure in germany we had the insane original branding from 5 gum, but i cant remember us getting the other ads.
Every company is like this nowadays and I hate it
Look I will be honest, I like 5 because its has kinda a strong taste that lasts a good bit. otherwise I never saw those ads before.
I remember in middle school you HAD to chew this one specific flavor bc there was a rumor that it "tasted like beer"
Wasted 20 minutes tbh
Those early commercials are just so memorable and nostalgic to me. The voice is ingrained into my head. For the longest time it was the only gum brand that I bought. I still think of the old commercials when I look at them. Kinda a shame it went out like this.
"Look at these hands" -proceeds to clearly show strong hands with obvious callouses from using tools XD
My favorite gum is polar ice
idk man respawn ad just got me, I want some
what about trident?
5 gum was a popular currency in my high school
While it's interesting to learn about the history of these guns, I didn't buy them because I was a "status seeker", I bought them because of the insanly good and intense flavour they had at the start of chewing. It really felt like tickeling all 5 of my senses. I was born 1993 so I assume that I was kinda in their customer range, as I was 14 in 2007. 😂
Delighted to get this recommended to me. I love a good niche video essay.
Thank you Pedro Pascal
their first overly successful marketing campaign was a leap as is. their marketing team was just consistent with that
Why is Pedro Pascales son talking to me in a youtube video rn?
We don't want all companies to be safe, relatable, and "wholesome." Seriously, how did 5 Gum think that was a smart idea? It's the corp trend rn, and it can work for companies that are already kinda that, but 5 Gum wasn't even close to being identified as "wholesome" or safe. Not even their packaging fits with that identity because it wasn't its original identity, and they def can't change the packaging because suddenly it's one of the million gums out there that people aren't familiar with unless they read the name.
I live in Australia, and I didn’t even know that 5 gum was no longer sold here XD
"HOW IT FEELS TO CHEW 5 GUM. STIMULATE YOUR SENSES."
Lol i wonder if you've done more for 5 gum here than their advertising team has recently.
it's just a very mediocre Gum compared to their own Airwaves brand, i can chew on airwaves for on our but only 5 Minutes on fivegum before they become tasteless
Gum drys my mouth, and hurts my jaw.
to this day my friends and i cannot watch things that use distortion for humor or where someone gets hurt and joke "how it feels to chew 5gum"
you look kind of like a pedro pascal that chose youtube over hollywood
ok wont lie, first time I have ever been interested in a YT vids sponsor.
I personally only chew POWER GUM while im gaming. Its the best energy gum out there. Check it out!
This is the ultimate ad for 5 gum
I remember that commercial like if it was yesterday
This guy is underrated
I work in a high school and honestly it's crazy how many of the kids still chew gum. I wouldn't have thought it was really a thing anymore, honestly any marketing campaigns currently should be targeting the 11-18 year old demographic.
I'm french, and i loved 5 gums when i was a kids, and it's been years since i have seen one in a store and everytime i see the gum section i walways wonder what happen to them. Thanks to you now i kow
Thank you for the info young Pedro Pascal.
What kind of psychopath doesn't use push-to-talk?
I was 12 when i first saw the ads completely forgot about them. Then had every easily obtainable gum and I settled on the cobalt 5 flavor and addicted then a 5 gum meme resurgence and now watching this video I might have to find a new gum
How it feel to chew 5 gum.
To be honest. Thought this was a discontinued product. I remember the original trailers but none of the others and couldnt find it in stores anymore.   As a gamer im pretty sure i would swallow the gum when gaming... Just saying
What I don't get is why they don't try to market gum to smokers, seeing as  gum is already rather popular among smokers. It actually solves two problems for  that demographic:  1. Bad Breath. If you are a  smoker, your  breath will always smell like cold  smoke, which is a rather unpleasent smell. Gum gets rid of  that  bad breath 2. Gum helps people to stop smoking specifically when it comes to the psychological part of the addiction as it is a ritual that can effectively  replace the  ritual that is smoking + it helps with the  nervous symptoms of withdrawal.  Another theory I have is that gum has fallen of in popularity because smoking has as well but I didn't research that. Its an interesting thought though in my opinion.
Some inaccuracies in the video.  1. We still have 5gum in Australia, I get two packs a month and have it during work, going out and gaming.  2. The part when you chewed gum load on the mic to prove a biased opinion for the sake of the video. Most people chew with their mouth closed and when they need to talk or roast the enemy team you place it in the small pockets under your tounge or the side of your cheek.
Woah woah sup canned Pedro Pascal
Was listening to this on the drive home and decided to stop at a servo to see if the constantly out of stock claims were true.  Low and behold not only were there four kinds of regular 5 gum available, two of which also had the jumbo plastique pack available, but all three of the respawn flavours were in stock.  Granted the displays were about half empty, but there was still plenty of product available.  Picked up a pack of Tropical Punch.
Bro you remind me of Pedro Pascal
This channel is strangely lacking the 5mil+ subs it deserves.
I totally forgot how much I liked the watermelon flavor back in middle school i kinda want some now
I still remember the original 5 ads from when I was a kid. They were so fun to watch and made me want to buy it. But I didn't even know it had existed for the last 5-10 years before seeing this video today.
Honestly, I find the 5gum pandering to gamers quite fitting. The image of intense flavour of the early marketing campaign fits the narrative of excited gamers seeking more stimulation of their senses while playing a game, and even stylistically the sleek, black and almost neon coloured design of the packaging fits into other gaming oriented brands.  Also not everybody is chewing gum with an open mouth trying to be as loud as possible like you were in the example. Hell, I work in IT Support and regularly chew gum (not 5gum, too expensive) while on the phone without any noise because I pay attention to only do so with a closed mouth and to place the gum out of the way when speaking.
17:25 Well, if you chew at the loudest possible volume, with deliberately maximized smacking and a wide open mouth, then yeah, it's gonna annoy your team mates. Try maybe keeping your mouth closed while chewing? Maybe it won't bother people then?
Hold up wait a second who chews gum AUDIBLY? I would much rather see that everyone I'm in a discord call with has chewing gum, as opposed to hearing a single person eat food ever again in my life.   Chewing gum makes a lot of sense for teens and gamers tbh. 1) improves focus which is great for tests AND games. 2) hygiene concerns & awkward teen breath moments begone. 3) you don't end up snacking on sugary or fatty stuff while sitting around all day. OH and 4) some gamers grit their teeth while gaming which can cause jaw pain, bruxism and headaches, and chewing gum helps you relax your jaw.
5 is legitimately the best gum that exists. The flavor lasts longer and is more enjoyable than any other option out there. That's all they should focus on.
You kinda look like a young Pedro Pascal
Honestly it's not so bad that they advertise to gamers, it's not a bad ending at all It's not uncommon that people chews gum while doing a task You already know what the bad ending would've been
This really makes me want some 5 gum.
my uncle thought my obsession with 5 gum was because the packaging looked like a pack of cigarettes and that's the appeal of it. I was like no its because "it looks cool" then he was like because " it looks like cigarettes right." no cigarettes aren't cool
I remember when I was a teen I took out a pack of 5 Gum in front of my grandmother and she nearly burst into tears thinking I was smoking cigarettes
As a man thats into Andrew Tate, i loved 5 Gum. it was cool as fuck.
„Look at these hands“ hands look like you‘re working a construction site or climb regularly but ok
3:19 end of the sponsor. Screw you for not adding a timestamp.
Good video but bro if you can’t put a picture up with a hammer and nail because it’s ‘ too hard ‘ you need to step back and really take a look at yourself 😢
if they just kept on going they would be so based
I LOVED chewing gum while gaming
Didn’t know that Pedro Pascal had a YouTube channel… though… something seems off about him…
14 - 24 male: 5 Sence 25 - 40 male: Orbit kids
Bro, why do you look like a discount Pedro Pascal?
Right after you said the bit about pandering to gamers: level up your gaming space with Displate!   That made me laugh out loud
When i was 14-15 in the UK (2011-2012)  these were all the rage in school. If you had any chewing gum, it was like currency, everyone wanted some off you. You want to be cool? Get some Five Gum before school. It was huge. I remember thinking several times over the years since then "Whatever happened to Five Gum"? They totally got right, marketing-wise.
Bros pedro pascal
My hot take is that 5 Gum is pretty bad, it looses it's flavor too quickly.
I feel like they’re missing out on the socially conscious gen z market… maybe like 10% of the profits from a pack goes to a charity. I feel that would stand out to a youth market
I don't know about American market, but I grew up in Eastern Europe in 2000s, and when 5 Gum ad first aired, no one knew what the product actually was...? Some of my classmates were certain it's condoms because of the packaging and vague advertisement style (which was commonly used by companies like Durex in the market). So yeah, was basically a fail for 5 Gum in this region)))
when he said nah theyre all owned by wrigley i was like damn got me kek
Im surprised you didnt mention the “how it feels to chew 5 gum” memes, that shit was everywhere haha
catch me chewing 5 gum while gaming and watching this video
Only halfway through the vid but im loving every second of it. Great work
I remember the 5gum memes on the internet. So much fun to have had with those.
Hey! Fellow Swampletics fan! I also have that displate
very happy i just found this video and channel
Also.. the memes!
The branding actually got me to try years ago, but the gum runs out of flavor way too fast.
Man, speaking of legendary advertising campaigns, does anyone remember that one Nike commercial from the 2000s where various athletes like Mariano Rivera, Albert Pujols, and Brian Urlacher are given "terrifying" masks and it's shot more like a horror movie than a sportswear commercial?
We murdered our brand, why is nobody buying it??? Damn you consumers!!
I’m from France and I’m not in their target on social media so I don’t really know about their campaigns.  But even if targeting the gaming community seems legit, maybe, just maybe, showing that your product is perturbing communication between 2 gamers isn’t the best move…
It being discontinued in Australia doesn't surprise me, as I hated the original run of 5-Gum advertisements back in the day and it permanently convinced me that I just didn't want to bother with it, ever. Not a very high tolerance for that level of brand BSing here, especially for something like chewing gum.
5 gum in its early days was an intrigue because those ads were just intense and the name of the flavor were lightly cloaked by a peculiar name the black made the flavors bright design pop the truth or dare era made it redundant and never made sense they shouldve honestly kept the original form and let the demographic they're targeting to organically purchase the product but oh well desperation has consumed the brand
I chew gum while playing games, and nobody can hear it. Didn't think it was so out of the ordinary.  That said, I don't chew more than 1 piece, so my lips aren't obnoxiously smacking together to begin with.
I didn’t know Pedro Pascal was a full blown YouTuber now
That was entertaining!
I think the gum's quality simply fell throughout the years, the flavor and longevity of it just wasn't the same after a few years of that brand's rise in popularity.
I remember 5 went crazy in middle school '08-'11. Everyone had it with them and we were all trading flavors trying to get one wrapper from each flavor like they were infinity stones,
5 gum's original branding was so powerful, even I as a teen, knew what it was even though it is not sold in my country. In 2022 I finally got a taste, thanks to a friend sending me some. It was good, cobalt was better than spearmint.
Idk when I was in junior high (late 2007-early 2010) gum was pretty popular, but it was the few kids who brought it to class that most mooched off of. And if someone pulled out a pack of 5 gum, they were champions of the whole classroom that period 😂 but damn, I really want to taste Flood again, I'll never know when the last time was 🤯 that and Mountain Dew Revolution and Supernova lol Voltage is so sickeningly sweet now compared to those other two choices we had with the original dewmocracy
Maybe 5 should gear towards somkers who are quitting..       actually.       No.   They would screw that up too
The small group of gamers who chew gum are the ones on an adderall prescription
I dunno if sensory ads are gonna make sales. Maybe squid game gum?
5gum Cobalt is the best gun ever. Unbiased I tried everything. It’s the only one with consistent flavor that can last 3-4 hours
I’m not gonna lie, when the “ever bungee jumped into a volcano?” thing came up, I immediately thought of Danny Devito’s line in It’s Always Sunny, “Su1c1de is badass!” and died laughing.
Guys I have the solution to racism 1. Make it cool 2. Advertisers notice it's cool and try to appeal to youngsters by putting "cool racism" in their ads, which... 3. ...quickly turns racism cringe 4. No one wanna be racist anymore cuz it's cringe  Dunt forget to credit me
Thank you for the video, dollar store mandalorian
im chewing gum while gaming.. wasnt doing it but i noticed i started smoking more and more so gums keep me off the smoke
I only remember the memes and the “edgy Y2K era marketing” stunts.  Never really had the gum.
That was very interesting i didn't know about the other ads or the gamer gum. Really clean video btw super well edited
I still remember the countless amounts of memes made on 5 Gum back in 2016-2017.
never chew gum while playing a game.  i remember about a decade ago me and a few ppl were playing mario party and someone was chewing gum.  except he wasn't chewing it, he was zoned out concentrating and in the middle of some mini game, he gags, throws the controller, and rushes to the sink.  his gum melted.  and it was apparently the worst texture and taste he's ever experienced.
Bro.  My 9/11 comment got deleted?  I was just talking about the 5 gum meme...
I genuinely don’t like how you paint Razer in this. Razer definitely slaps a “gamer” brand on some things but they definitely innovate in actual hardware. They make some damn good mice and mics.
Wish i had some gum to chee on while watching this
Hear me out: Caffeinated gamer gum.
How it chews to gum five feels, gum gum, sense your stimulate
Wait, you're that fellow who did the Bionicle and Galidor videos!
Bro, just chew with your mouth closed and learn how to propperly set your sensitivity in discord. Noob.
12:56 Make not war love 😭 Such a heartfelt message
Lets be real: gum was popular with the Boomers because it helped them deal with the bruxism from all the coke and amphetamines they took on the daily.
The sounds of someone chewing gum I think may be the polar opposite of ASMR.
they had one of the hardest slogens of all time and threw it aside, decades later it's still used as a hard memme
Tbf i wouldn't mind them going back to the old flavours they had they tasted sm better
Why does this feel like the most 2000s thing ever
I didn't think I could be so entertained by a video about gum. that ending actually made me laugh out loud. I accidentally clicked on an AI made video from one of those content slop channels and it was honestly depressing, but watching your genuine passion and great writing made me feel like there were still passionate human beings on this platform lol
You think there are any pornographic memes about 5 Gum floating around? I feel like there's some real potential there.
The most sensible later ad strategy, to me, would be the gaming one. If they hadn't tried to make an offshoot of their products specific for gamers, I could see them being very successful as the "Red Bull of esports", sponsoring gamers, having them chew their gum during interviews, and so on.  The mistake they made is trying to answer the question Red Bull will never address: "will the athletes advertising our product ever actually have a use for it?"  And the discord call... You could... not.. smack the gum...  Like, chew with your mouth shut.  It's not hard.
God me and Rain go way back
I literally couldn’t stop my voice from coming out of my mouth at the outro, “ how it feels to chew five gum”
Tbh nobody chews gum that loudly
I definitely enjoyed 5 gum back in the day, but I don't remember any advertisement from them.
Swampletics poster was sick. Little osrs action.
I'm 50 and haven't chewed gum in decades, but I watched this vid out of idle curiosity. The brief clip from the Juicyfruit ad of the 80s at 6:30 gave me a pang of nostalgia. That particular ad was a common ad on network TV for close to a full decade, and it was a very rare example of an ad that remained pleasant despite its overplay.   This vid is an interesting glimpse into how and to whom bubble gum is marketed today. Well done, sir!
I remember the first time I watched a 5 gum ad. It was amazing. My brothers and I talked about it non stop and when it finally got to our tiny town we bought all the flavours just to try and get the feeling of the ad
i assumed they stopped using that catchphrase because it kept turning up in pornhub comments sections
17:33 man if you eat gum like that 😂🤣 god that’s the most gross stuff ever, bro just mouthed an entire pack of gum to make that possible
If they want to sell gum to gamers, and they make pre-chewed gum jewelry, then they should just get e-girls to chew the gum on hot tub streams and auction it out to bidders. They’ll become the most valuable brand in the world overnight.
literally would have been more effective to rebrand to some bullshit like "GUM" and put it in bold black text on a white box. Ad is "gum chew". Million of dollar.
Paid for by 5 Gum. Please chew responsibly.
ONY 88K man keep this style of video up you'll blow up great video man.
"how it feels to chew 5 gum" was such a successful ad campaign it became a meme, everyone knew that slogan. getting rid of it made no sense.
i remember chewing 5 gum, its great, but i still dont know why this annihilated the brand image? it literally became a worldwide well known meme, and i chew gum while gaming, so i dont get it.
~13:00 A company losing money suddenly making ads all about popular social issues? Sounds like ESG pandering to me.
bro i chew gum every time i play games, its just helps me focus, and you know what its usually spearmint 5 gum
This was the first over the top? Are we just going to forget the juice is loose??
Bro the truth or dare campaign was by far the funniest, to this day I have a picture on my phone of one of the pieces with a blank on it where it said "use your ____ to make a drumbeat on the desk" I wrote Dick because it only had space for a 4 letter word and I honestly cannot imagine someone managing to put anything else there. Absolutely the best thing 5 has ever done was convincing numerous middle and high schoolers to tell their friends to make a drumbeat on the desk with their dicks because I know damn well that's what they wanted to put there. Still lmao every time I look at that old meme. Really stimulates my senses.
I kinda just want to see am in depth dive like this on Laffy Taffy.  This production quality is too good! I respect all the files of gum video you must’ve downloaded for this video!
5 never had more than 4. Are you sure they just weren't really unpopular flavors that didn't take anywhere? Also, who cares about brand image? It's gum. All gum needs is for someone to take it off the shelf and enjoy the flavor. They do that just fine. Everything else is just pointless whining.
I bought loads of 5 gum when I was in university, I just liked it as chewing gum. But I graduated in 2013 and ... well I guess I stopped buying gum and that was the big dip in sales. Sorry guys, I tried but I can't just keep the brand afloat forever.
5 Gums early advertising will always stick with me, it was actually just entertaining. Also we love the Swampletics Movie Displate
You look like discount Pedro Pascal
Didn’t know that they made documentary’s about gum😳
Youre goofy for saying you wouldnt think caffeine and Vitamin B in chewing gum would do anything - I understand 5 gum did some EXTREMELY shocking stuff haha its crazy the "no regrets" videos, but by far Respawn gum has been their best idea lately.
You should enable Krisp dude ;)
The most disappointing thing about all of this is people buy into it. That being said, maybe I'll make a hat with RGB. It'll be called "Gamer Lids". It gives you all the benefits of a Gaming chair without the price tag, or the back pain.
#Runescape
I always wanted that feeling of lying down on thousands of vibrating beads when I saw that commercial as a kid
You're definitely overdoing the chewing gum while gaming. I'm not doing it in the mic lol. It's definitely a good stimulant while gaming
anybody think of how redicioulus-rediculious-rediculus-redic-forget it- car comercials are?
This guy is really just Pedro Pascal’s son
Honestly, given how many people don't hesitate to spit their gum out on sidewalks or stick it underneath public seats, I'm surprised gum hasn't been outright banned completely.
give your editor a raise
omg you are the guy from narcos the sergent amorila or someting , i did not know that they pay you so bad  that you  need to make youtube videos
Loooooooooool u fuckin shit. I'm only subbing cause of that outro
You look a lot like Pedro Pascal
Bro was low key a better commercial for 5 Gum than the company has ever produced 😂
I loved RPM and adamantium
7:46 Wait who is that YouTuber pouring the water on his head?  I haven't though about him in YEARS but used to love his content (didn't he have a channel with a brother or something?).  EDIT: I managed to get ChatGPT to figure out who it was: Barats and Bereta.  Damn I miss that channel.
Placebo effect + Dumb ass kids thats the reason for 5's rise , the commercials made it seem like a cool drug/stimulant
the only people i know that absolutely refuse to chew gum while gaming are people who never learned how to chew gum quietly, and besides that no one likes people who chew gum like cows chew cud anywhere they do it
Not you being cute 😭
16:39  Cocaine has entered the chat
The blue flavor is my go to. Anytime I get gum, I get that kind, so I'll stick to the brand as long as it stays existing.  On the subject of Respawn, isn't its name counterintuitive?  Respawning implies being bad at the game. You can't sell being bad at games to gamers.  It boggles my mind how they apparently never capitalized on the "how it feels" meme.  You'd expect an out of touch corporation to do just that.
"Pandering to gamers" being followed by a credit card ad pandering to gamers is fucking hilarious.
I was a middle school boy in 2007 who chewed 5 gum!
Omg love that ending 😂😂 Great vid!!
Is that a NHL discord I see?
Considering 5gum ads paved the way for a meme that took _years_ to die out, I'm not surprised it was popular at the time. Seriously I think I stopped seeing 5gum memes only a few years ago.
Funny story I chew gum because I quite smoking. It sorta reminds me of the taste of the nicotine gum and the cravings go away,
15:38 i bought a razer monitor in 2020 and got free samples of respawn 😭 the red one is pretty good ngl heavily prefer candy to gum though. i mean, when are you supposed to drink water? WITH the gum in your mouth? gross.
I actually wonder how easy it is to work designing these commercials at this point, multi millionaire companies seem to throw all their money at whoever comes up with the stupidest advertisement despite them being way worse than the ones that came before. Same with the ones that create new simplistic and soulless logos, at this point all you need to know is how to use photoshop and you're hired.
criminally underrated channel
Changes in marketing and packaging aren't innovations, they are manipulation tactics.
17:00 i liked your video but this claim is kinda wrong. Advertisement can shape sociaty and how they think. When you advertise something as such that People need it for Gaming maybe Socity will take that as standard. Same happend with Deo / Axe People didnt use that before but Advertisment pushed it to a normal behavior
This dude looks like the great value version of Pedro Pascal lol.
5Gum was one of the view advertisments i can remamber which litterly worked on me. I still remember how i watched the Advertisment with the Speakers and was so enticed to buy it. ... and i was usely not a chewing gum type of  teenager i was to uncool for it
Oh...ohhh! so this is what that "how it feels to chew 5 gum" meme is about, i thought it meant chewing 5 gums at once... Tbf ive never been much into chewing gum, especially not 5.
holy shit this guy looks like a 20 year younger version of pedro pascal
I can't lie. I don't chew gum for gaming so respawn's goal didn't work but also didn't fail. That shit is super helpful for me when I'm at work or need to study and stay focused without having coffee.
Thanks, pedro pascal
You look like Pedro Pascal it's kinda hot
Holy fuck Pedro pascal
has anybody ever told you, you look like Pedro Pascal. lol
this dude looks like both pedro pascal and idubbz
Back when I was in middle school, we werent allowed to chew gum in class, but we could have it for tests because it helps you think better, (supposedly), and everyone wanted 5 gum cuz the ads were so cool.  There’s a reason those ads are still used in memes, they’re so iconic
Im gonna be honest, if you chew gum like 17:39, you deserve to be server muted, close you lips when chewing bro
Does anyone else miss 5's Flare flavor? It was a genuinely strong cinnamon spice with a soft, smooth texture. I can't find hardly any other sugar free cinnamon gums as good as it used to be.
Never really knew anything about 5 gum. I remember not seeing the ads, but I feel like there were a lot of memes or mby edits, they already targeted gamers without trying, the extremely nice packaging, the actuall memes, all I can remember is "stimulate your senses" and "How does it feel to chew 5 gum" and then slowly disapearing from basically everywhere ( Czech republic btw (Europe))
never once bought or even chewed a piece of 5 but I have seen it many times and it's very high price and scoffed at it's high price and tacky advertisements.
I think 5 gum is a key example of how maybe sometimes companies should stop trying to change how people view a product  it's the sensory gum, stop advertising it with sex, people are already doing that everywhere, you're not going to stand out if you're using sex
5 Gum has always been the Poochie the Dog of gum to me. The only thing dumber to me was the gum that was supposed to be a different flavor to everyone.
I always really liked the one commercial where the person is lying on a massive bed of marbles with a huge speaker blasting sound waves that the marbles conformed to. I always thought that that must've felt sooo good 💯🔥
Life happens in 7, not 5!
5gum exists in my mind only as a meme, i didn't know about any of their actual advertising or anything about it really other than the "how it feels to chew 5gum" memes
Good gum though
that was incredible. thanks for the vid
Rain's still my favorite gum. Never really paid much attention to the advertising, a dude gave me a stick on a school bus, and I liked the flavor. 😆
Actually I remember hearing a story about one pro fighting game player (i don't remember who) but they always chewed gum to calm their nerves in tournament or to not get tilted, before they just smoked a lot. And gum itself is studied to potentially increase focus and reduce stress so advertising it towards games I think is a pretty good idea.  It's actually something I started to do whenever I get really exhausted or stressed, the methodic chewing motion has definitely had me burn out a lot slower at times. I don't know why the idea of playing games while chewing gum is such a crazy advertisement when stuff like Doritos and other snacks much noisier are infamously associated with gaming.
I liked the flavours of 5 Gum because they were more concentrated.
5 gum was so good. I completely forgot about it until I saw this lol. It was everywhere. People would ask you for the wrappers lol
It's still wildly popular here in Canada....I chew it at work after lunch, also the 35 packs are really good for sharing with your co workers.
Dude, your content is informative and interesting. Definitely subscribed.
I thought you were going to say "pandering to black people" lmao
5 gum should have partnered with hunger games  *starts mid jungle run while being chased*
PC gamers definitely chew gum a lot. Especially the Russian Valve community lol. Saying gamers don’t chew gum is like saying gamers don’t chew chips randomly in lobbies imo, idk
actaully as how focus function in our brain and body...it requires fasting, or simply a healthy diet. Not fast food..energy drinks and  that 5 gum...honestly does the opposite, it makes you even more Addict to gaming.
Dude looks like Pedro Pascal 🤣
Stïmülæté yœùr sénsës
Chewing gum or having a similar distraction while doing things actually helps manage stress, I never chew gum while gaming tho.
I feel like i've already seen this video
Chewing gum while gaming would work just fine if I wasnt using a mic. Except it wouldnt be 5 gum as the last time I had that I kept thinking it was bad and kinda of expensive compared to other gum ive had before.
they should bring back the classic 5 gum..  SIMULATE YOUR SENSES...
Just make swallable gum jeese
The fall of the chewing gum market is solely based on most schools banning it around that time and I will die on that hill.
I feel as though this video became much more opinionated towards the end... I did not need to hear you chewing loud af to make a point
I once chewed 5 gum while drinking 4 loco. I saw the face of God.
You went the entire video without saying ‘stimulate your senses’ and im mad about it.
I think the underlying Issue was them never doubling down on what made them famous in the first Place. People still use the "HOW IT FEELS TO CHEW 5GUM"  meme. I admit, their Marketing definetly worked on me as a Kid, and generally, i preferred their Gum over the normal old people Bubblegum, or Children brands. At some point, i just lost my Sight on them, and then forgot about it. I certainly would have kept coming back to buying their Stuff if they just kept up their absolutely insane over the Top Stuff.
You could play a very realistic young Pedro Pascal, i hope Hollywood finds you👍
This was their add
When I was in middle school, I loved 5 gum for no reason other than I thought the packaging was cool lol
As a boy going through middle/highschool in the mid-late 00's. I can confirm...having 5 gum made you immensely cool...for about 5 minutes...then everyone ignored you again when the gum was gone.
Not gonna stop me with that WeDoRaids discord server
That packaging makes me think condoms.
I usually do chew gum while gaming but I do it outside of that as well, mainly because it's just a coping mechanism I developed to dealing with stress since I was in high-school because I didn't want to go with either alcohol or smoking.   Probably still gonna develop some kind of cancer from it when I'll reach my older years. 🤣  But hey, on the bright side, fresh smelling mouth all day.  Also as a side note, if you end up doing this as well, chewing gum to deal with stress, try not to overdo it with mint and stuff, trust me. Feeling like you're pissing ice cold water is not pleasant.
I like gum
Bro doesn't know what a whirlpool is. 4:44
My main exposure to 5 Gum was the 4chan edits
Thank you for the content YouTube Pedro pascal
Muh dude just reached 500,000 people.. free advertisement! I betcha 5 gum purchases are gonna go up.
I blame schools banning gun for the declining gun market. I blame kids failing to properly dispose gum and instead stick it under the table for schools banning gum.  Also kids, chew gum anyway, it’s good for your breath.  —a 17 y.o.
Young Burt Reynolds telling me about gum is strangely captivating
17:39 big runescape guy, eh? 👀
I was a freshman in highschool. Everyone had stickerbomb binders and just crazy amounts of personality on their binders. My personality was 5 Gum. Always was known as the 5 gum guy. Had every flavor all the time and had pictures and cutouts of them all over my binder.
U kinda look like Pedro Pascal
Honestly marketing goes such a long way with making a product seem cool or not. Mountain Dew has been one I’ve consistently seen really good cool ads for over the years and they always seem to sponsor certain kinds of motor sports and action sports.
The swamp-man poster in the background is pretty neat
I won't lie, Respawn had some killer flavors
Great value Pedro Pascal.
Actually the mental focus thing in respawn gum isn't a stretch lol. Green tea has an amino acid derivative called L-theanine, which is synergistic with b vitamins and actually caffeine as well. Many studies show it improves mental focus. It increases the inhibitory neurotransmitter GABA in the brain, which is hard to increase on it's own because it can't cross the blood brain barrier. IDK how much 5 gum has dosage wise, but if it's high enough (which i doubt it is), then yeah, could possibly work!
W- was this just an elaborate ad to sell 5 gum?
2018, tried on the stupid woke marketing based on conspiracy theories of a racist nation etc.
16:02 The placebo effect might also affect this, with both the company and other people saying it improves focus, people might actually believe that it works.
what a great video Bravo.
They taste good, but the most fun part about those were that you had to un-warp it like a pack of cigarettes
I know I'm late but I had point out how this guy looks like a younger Pedro Pascal
Working in EMS, all I do is chew gum. Long hours and barely a break for a meal, it's the perfect holdover "meal cope". We always have "truck gum" in the ambulance, and I mourn the 5 RPM flavor. I'd probably keep Wrigley's lights on if they still sold that flavor.
The purple one used to be so good I miss it so much
“5 gum, stimulate your ferrets”
my guy looks like a young pedro pascal
A friend of mine actually chews gum while playing at times. We play in tournaments together (amateur osu!taiko tourneys) and he really struggles with nerves, so his hands are really shaky. Chewing gum helps calm him down.  And I believe that gum is probably the best snack to have while playing, because it doesn't get your hands dirty and it's easy to avoid making mouth noises, it's not that hard. Gamer-pandered gum still is stupid.
I really liked 5 gum. While I never saw any of the advertisements (I don't watch TV), the catchy packaging did draw my eye. Since I'm a weirdo I actually read the packaging, so saw it was a wrigley brand. That convinced me to try it since they make the other gum brands I like. Then it became harder to find the gum at stores. Which is fine, I found a better gum.
Never heard of this channel, idk why this video popped up in my recommended feed but I’m glad it did. It’s one of the funniest things I’ve watched in a long while
Gum is kind of dumb. Just give me candy
Dude talks about 5 gums marketing and never once mentioned the insane AR game they created in the early 2000s? No one knew what it was or who made it, until the end where we it ended up as an ad for 5 gum. Look up The Human Preservation Project.
I unironically chew gum when I play games because my crippling brain damage allows me to
Bro looks like pedro pascal
simulate your stencils
when i was like 14 or 15, my mom found the empty gum box in the trash and thought it was a condom package lol
how it chews to 5 gum feels
I know its just a sponsor spot, but please tell me you know how to hang a picture, it would be sad if you didn't
RGB Gamer Gum? Hell yeah dude, I'm in.
The phrase "How it feels to chew 5 Gum" has already made it into the pop culture lexicon. It has already achieved a level of universal recognition other brands can only dream of. The fact that they haven't noticed how that one ad has stood the test of time and remained in people's minds for nearly 2 decades, and they haven't capitalized on it at all? Insane.
this only reminds me that i havent watched TV ads in 15 years^^
Use to love the fruit flavored 5 Gum back in school.
When I buy gum I usually buy 5, and it’s only because of the “How it feels to chew 5 gum” meme
I remember seeing these ads as a kid and being awed by them. Funnily enough though, despite being won over by other products, I never really cared to try it myself, I just though that the ads were different and looked cool.
Imagine the screen is just a black backgroud with the 5 gum logo and the voice-over says, "what is it like to chew 5 gum?" And 25 seconds of the sound of Kanye doing backshots on Kim Kardashian. I'm pretty sure that would be transformative enough to be considered fair use. That's the longest 30 second superbowl ad you'll ever sit through.
I completely agree with the 5Gum ad campaign, I've been using Spotify without ads and they've given me some terrible ads with the most uninterested speaker I have ever heard.
Graduated HS 2010. I was ALWAYS loaded with 5 gum. Every flavor.
the "how it feels" in this video goes way harder than any 5 gum commercial ever did...
I'd never even heard of Respawn gum before now, nor did I notice it on Twitter.
It's the only gum I'll buy.  Everything else is garbage by comparison.  Other than the original commercials, I don't remember ever seeing any of the other advertising.  It's the longest lasting gum I've ever used and was a godsend during the pandemic and constant masking.
But guys, the memes!!
Wtf is all that gfuel stuff!?!?
9:30 is that xqc on the left
I was 12 in 2007- we used to peel the foil part off the gum wrappers and plaster it all over our notebook covers like it was gold leaf 😭 if you could cover the full square footage in colorful foil you were HOT SHIT
I think the OG ads were very much a thing that could only exist then with that grime- however the "Stimulate your sences" tagline would work perfectly for gaming- you show someone playing a totally not CounterStrike game and do a dramatic pan around their face counting the sences- show the game reflected in their eyes with a big 1 beside them, show off their RGB headphones for 2, pan down to the keyboard for Touch 3, pan over to the other hand nabbing some gum and bringing it up to their mouth and sniffing 4, then build anticipation for a time stopping taste of 5, then speed it back in reverse as they do a flickshot and their eye fills with a "Round Won!" Smashcut to the black background package shot with the Stimulate your sences bit
Dude bro - who DOESN'T chew gum while gaming?
This is how it feels to chew 5 gum
Wringleys, dont listen to this guy and combine everything. Have a elderly gay asian woman who delt with past homophobia (and never got to dance) sneak out of her parents house through the window following a spicey dare, hop onto an electric eel and play a Nintendo Switch Split Pad Pro while heading straight into a volcano and then naturally have her take a casual organic selfie after she wins the game. You're Welcome. Will buy.
5 Gum did a bunch of free give aways at colleges as well in 2007.  I'll always remember that as I 'acquired' a sample case.  And lets just say I had free gum for a bit over a year.
The first rebrand reminds me of the current ads where people eat gum for good breath and then kiss in cars, or are finally able to go outside after the pandemic to dance and kiss. I think it’s called something like Wrighley’s good breath gum or something, it’s playing a lot on YouTube
They had to have done halfway alright when the memes were everywhere
That's hilarious, all I do is play video games in my downtime and I never heard of this happening. Last time I heard of 5 Gum was in like 2016 maybe.
why does he look like pedro pascal's little brother
Lost me with the displate sponsorship, i understand money is money, but they straight up steal art from the internet and profit from it.
I don't get how they didn't come up with 5 Energy, each piece of gum comes with 50mg of caffeine. Maybe that would encroach on 5-hour-energy copyrights.
god damn when i was like 9 i thought chewing 5 gum would fucking blow my brain up or turn me into a god orr something i wanted this baddd
I've got tears in my eyes from laughing at how accurate all of this is hahaha I was the 14 year old who thought 5 gum was badass, I thought the Axe deodorant was cool, I had the oversized skater shoes, I played Oldschool Runescape, at the time just known as Runesape (I still do play OSRS as my channel name indicates lmao), and all the rest of it hahaha I want to clarify though, I didn't grow up to be an Andrew Tate wannabe lmao, I'm as far from that as possible! This video is hilarious though I'm loving it hahaha
God I remember the days when I watched massive corporate advertisements for free. That all ended around 2010 so I completely missed the rebrand of new5 into lame5 lol.
I meant caffeinated gum? com'on that should be easy right?
Honestly this video made me want to chew gum again.
Nice advertisement, now I feel like buying some gum
Pedro pascal has expanded his work field I see
The only thing I REALLY liked about 5gum was that it kept its' taste for hours. You could easily split one and chew on a half gum for an entire Star Wars movie and it would still have flavor left in the end. But that just redpilled me on regular gum and I pretty much lost interest ever since…
I've always said; The best advertisement is one that lets the product speak for itself. If I see one of those Arby's commercials with just the presentation of the meal and all its glory, I might just want some Arby's. If I see a commercial about how a consumer product can turn me into an extrovert and give me friends that want to go out and have a good time... I laugh and move on.
i still have 5 gum in australia
17:29 no dude if you chew gum like that you are literally just chewing gum wrong wtf
Every example of corporations making stupid, tone deaf, advertising decisions is just more proof they have too much money to know what to do with. Every TV show or Movie that missed the demographic, every brand twitter account. Its all just a waist of money. People give billionaires crap like "you could solve world hunger with only $6B" yet theres infinitely more spent on just advertising.
Great video! fantastic work :) I would also like to say hello to the Wrigleys marketing department who are bound to be watching this video in earnest haha ;)
I never cared how old I was what the commercials said or who was chewing what. The cool gum was always…..Major League Chew
It turns out, the gum factory that Wrigley took down, is 3 blocks down from my house, now its just a massive empty landscape with a pretty sizeable parking lot on it.
i cant even find five gum flare anymore, was my favorite. ive been a serious consumer of gum for years, i like chewing it while gaming too ironically. i had no idea five gum was going through this trouble the whole time. i was busy drinking myself to death and wondering why i couldn't find five gum flare anymore.
5 gums downfall began when you couldn't stick the foil to your binder anymore
The last thing I want to hear while gaming is some else chewing on the other end of the mic. How did gaming gum marketing work?
Listen, 5 gum was the shit in school. If you had 5 gum, everyone else had your 5 gum.
*THEY WILL NEVER HAVE RANDY SAVAGE*   SLIM JIM FTW.
As we all know: If your product declines in sales, slap "gaming" on it and suddenly so many people will buy it. If possible, LEDs and double the price...
Kinda disagree on the gum gaming part. Eating gum while talking to people in discord won't obviously work, but if you play games by yourself for fun then I think it would be a better experiance.
That's insane honestly I didn't even know they tried all those other campaigns
Brother don't let them forget they tried a razor facemask?  They just released a whole ass razor VEHICLE.  The Virgin Van.
I finally understand why all the league of legends teams were eating gum through all of worlds
dollar store pedro pascal
lmao this took me back as a middle school kid in the 00s I picked up one of these up every week 😂
I hate marketing. It is basically lying.
I think I am too old for the 5 craze apparently. I don't remember it.  What I can say is those commercials look like they are actually straight out of the 90s in the messaging style.
I liked 5 gum when it first came out because the ads and packaging made it feel like it was the Matrix of gum.
Bro I can't believe you didn't even mention their ARG from 2011 that they posted on 4chan with a Cicada-like IQ test and general 2012/doomsday vibe
I personally prefer Rain over very nearly every other Spearmint flavor.
All they need to do is start re-running the old ads. The ads have become a meme in the decade and a half since it was released and nostalgia and shitposting with do the heavy lifting
This one video alone has probably done more for 5 gums brand image than the last 5 years of their marketing
All in all i have to order 5 bun by amazon. but still we need gum with fruit flavors i ain't having it with all new gums jsut being mint and spear. I want fruit -w-.
16:47  Me *chewing gum while playing video games* listening to the video : 👁️👅👁️
Kid at school sold em .25 cents a piece and made bank every month. Yes he’s a drug a dealer
I never tried the stuff I just really enjoyed saying "That's how it feels to chew 5 gum".
I just watched a 20 minute long documentary on fucking chewing gum and I liked it.   wow
you said it at the end. They should rewind the 5 Gum line back to the start.  Go back to the OG flavors and start by re-running the old commercials in circulation.  If it does well again then start rotating in new flavors with new ads to support them.    I don't chew gum though.  LOL.
You look like a budget Pedro Pascal
17:31 imagine chewing gum and having a blue switch keyboard....
Never bought a pack myself. But the stimulate your senses memes were definitely part of my vocabulary as a child icl.
i actually have gum while im gaming often, however i dont have any playing in a vc, or if i do im on tap to speak to be polite. why the fuck they marketed towards gamers so heavily... is beyond stupid
i peeped that swampletics displate in the ad
I'd literally eat 5 gum if they still had the weird ass industiral fever dream ASMR ass ads
How do you have so few subs? You're hilarious man keep it up.
I actually think the gaming gum would've gone really well if they tried this years ago before all the other shit marketing.   I like to snack or vape or smoke weed while i game, ive alwasy been fidgety mainly through oral fixation. I actually used to chew cobalt while i gamed when i was younger funny enough.  And a lot of gamers are fidgety. Especially thise with adhd. Which is a huge depographic crossover.  I think they kinda missed the boat though, the generation they're marketing to already moved on to vaping n stuff. If they had pushed this marketing campaign before that then i genuinely think it wouldve been much more successful.  Edit; Bro, who chews gum like an animal like that? Wtf sorry but you say eating doritos makes sense but not gum?  I think youre missing the mark on that one bro. Doritos are way more annoying to listen to someone est. Even the slurp of soda can be pretty bad.  Gum aint that bad as long as you chew it like a sane person. I dont think the chewing sounds are relevent at all, i think you were 100% on the mark when talking about marketing.  And things like valing are now very popular which in my mind is a direct competitor with gum. Gum was always a healthy alternative to cigarettes, now that smoking(vaping) tastes like gum, well it makes it harder for gum to win that battle now
there was a video someone made for the how it feels to chew 5 gum... it was a guy with massive balls swinging back and forth hitting a massive buttplug in his ass while screaming, I will never disassociate 5 gum with that video
You look like the Pedro Pascal we have at home
Rain OP
I miss these old commercials... My 10 year old brain thought it was awesome.
I never liked chewing gum. It would always give me a headache. And cavities...
holy fuck man please.. do you not know what edgy means... good fucking god
Didn’t realize 5 gum was associated with edgy teenagers lmao. My mom always had a couple packs of 5 on her always. Good ass gum
I cant unhear Yumyulack from Solar opposites in his voice
I always thought that was Stride Gum
I've always thought it was a condom
I miss 5 Rain, nowhere sells it around me now.
Amen brother
As a former drug addict, wo did lots of research on how substances affect you and how bioavailability and all that shit works: Respawn will not help you in any way whatsoever to increase your focus or reaction time. Sure, the science behind it is genuinely real and those components do have a stimulating effect on the human brain but it won't do anything for you due to two main reasons: 1. Dosage: The dosage in that little stick of gum is so low, that it will do exactly nothing. You could put Heroin in there while keeping the exact same dosage and you would feel nothing 2. Bioavailability: How you consume a substance obviously has a very high impact on how effective it will be. Oral consumption is one of the most ineffective ways to do that. With most substances, you'll be able to only absorb around 20-30%. For comparison: nasal use will allow you to absorb 60-80% at best, while shooting it directly into your bloodstream will obviously absorb 100%. But oral consumption means, that you're swallowing whatever you're taking and your stomach mucous is able to absorb the components for around 30 minutes and even this is a highly ineffective way to do any kind of substance. Chewing gum is called chewing gum, because you jus chew it, without actually swallowing it. That means, that whatever stimulating components in that gum, will only able to be absorbed by the mucous in your mouth and only for the duration of you chewing it. I couldn't even give you a percentage value on this because it's that ineffective, no one really bothered to do serious research into this. But if I had to guess, it would probably be in the single didgets, 10% at the very most. Couple that with the laughably low dosage and you can see yourself, that an actual stimulating effect, can not be achieved, by using the product as intended. It's probably not impossible though, to get an actual effect but you'd have to chew an ungodly amount of packs, stick by stick, chewing each for at least 30-45 minutes, only to get the most subtle of effects, which you would still not notice, but it technically exists (defined by the amount of whatever stimulant inside your blood per I don't even know anymore). It would take you literally the entire day of chewing gum as effectively as possible, for a doctor to confirm, that there technically was an effect, which you wouldn't even have been able to feel.  tldr: Science checks out but reality looks different
Seems like I stopped seeing ads around 2015, because the OG Five Gum ads are some of the last that I can remember, and associated with the brand to this day. Damn, the later ones really are absolutely terrible.
loved this vid— this was me growing up fr  Shoutout We Do Raids — what a shithole bahaha
Holy shit are you Pedro Pascual?!?!
17:25 do you not know how to chew quietly? If not, then why are you not using crisp? I've eaten entire meals in a call and never even hotkeyed the mic. Chewing gum can help with focus. It makes a lot of sense to chew gum while gaming.
Thats something I never really thought about until I saw this video. 5 Gum was huge in high school, but then it just kinda went away. Never saw any more cool ads or anyone every chewing it!
chewing gum is just cigarettes for pussies
Honestly ive never thought about it too much, but dude 5s marketing did go pretty hard. I know they got my ass with those ads and im pretty good about not getting sweot up in marketing    That was also just a better era for marketing. That level of creativity in marketing is jjst dead now.  I actually appreciate it now when i see a good ad because of how rare they are now.  Like remember how good super bowl ads used to be? There was a level of self awareness in ads before where they just tried to make ads fun and intriguing.  Now everyhting feels like its trying to lie to you so well so that they even believe their own lie in order to sell us on the lie  Ads are offputting now and lack any self awareness
7:50 It took you almost eight minutes to finish your intro, knockoff Pedro Pascal? Tighten it up, that's half the video.
Stimulating my senses rn
I work in advertising, and we get clients like this all the time. If i had to guess, Five Gum executives couldn't agree on the message/brand identity, so they greenlit a bunch of different directions for the advertising agency to create. Then they probably fired the agency and did it all over again.  No reputable ad agency would ever insist on this scattered identity, they were probably just too afraid to tell the client no because of the money that they brought in.
"How it chews to 5 gum feels: Gum gum. Sense your stimulate"
I fidget a lot and gum is a good way to do that while playing. Though not on discord obv
@4:34 😂😂
10:47 Ah yes, nothing says "our marketing department is so in touch with youth culture" more than refering to Gen Z as "modern millennials".
Man 5 gum was so cool and I’m kinda sad about the downfall. They should have really stayed with their old marketing strat
you lost me. I made it 17 minutes in and I was with you the whole way but the "Who chews gum and plays games, who wants to hear that on a mic?" WHAT KIND OF GAMER ISN'T USING PUSH TO TALK. Whole video is invalid, I'm going to buy 5 gum now.
As a kid I remember seeing all that cool shit in an ad and then  realising "Oh, it's just a gum ad".   And so, that brand is forever tied to disapointments for me.
So legitimately peppermint gum or mints has literally been proven to increase focus. No lie it is real
They could hype it and exaggerate it all they like, but at the end of the day, it was no different than chewing Big Red or Trident.
Helped the gum tasted good too.
Never have i felt more threatened when gaming until i heard 5 stared to advertise to gamers
I hate ads but, even I have to admit 5 gum commercials were actually enjoyable to watch and actually made me want to buy it. Pretty good gum too.
Remember when Listerine strips came out? No one was chewing gum. Those things were everywhere.
To be honest, if you fill the blanks of every truh or dare gum with the word "shit" it kinda gets absolutely hillarious. "Have YOU ever shit with your pants on, hm?"
You know what would be fantastic for a 5 gum commercial the route I think they should've taken? "Hi my names Johnny Knoxville and you're watching a 5 gum commercial!" *gets hit by a bull and eats a stick of 5 gum* "buy 5 gum so I can stop this ****"   Lol that would be great I mean I'm not saying that specifically but I think you get the general idea I'm going with 😅  "morty quick hand me the 5 gum quickly morty!!"  "Seriously Rick you want gum right now while we're in the middle of a space shootout!?" "What can I say morty it's a sensory Rollercoaster!"   You get the idea lol   "I'm Matthew McConaughey and I've been chewing 5 gum way before it was cool" lol
Bet those commercials woulda got Stanley steamers amnesty in today day n age they were just that good stimulate ur senses fr
5 gum tastes great tho
Boi that video blew up!
I do chew gum when playing video games. Especially in competitive games, the same way people fidget with stuff or move around, I chew gum.
You didn't even touch on the 4chan memes where some crazy shit would be spliced in front of "how it feels to chew 5 gum"
you look exactly like pedro pascal
Hey, you look like that guy from that star wars bad guy with baby yoda.
Yeah......i was him, you know that dude with 5 GUM and always shared it with everyone on highschool and yeah....i did think i was fucking cool for having it 😂😎
bro please shave
2:24, Well yeah. It’s one of the most basic things you can do at home
Hey did Displate actually end up paying you for the sponsor spot?
That "Don't let them forget they tried this!" felt personally.
I still say "stimulate your senses" to this day-- Even though they stopped doing those ads I always remember them when I do see the packaging, which gives me that little want to buy it. Legit it was a great tactic but they abandoned their whole identity and what's worse I didn't even realize it, I simply forgot about them. Great video dude you're gonna explode.
i still cant believe they got rid of the "stimulate your sense"
Meet Swampletic, my Morytania locked Ultimate Ironman
Who knew XQC did 5 gum ads 9:46 🤣
dude the swampletics poster looks so sick :)
Can't wait for the 5 gum nostalgia baiting advertising now
All I know about 5 gum is that it stimulates ferrets
this just looks like the default gum to me.
Remember SoBe? That was huge when I was about 10 years old. I never liked it, but a couple of my friends acted like they loved it. I swear, they had to have been drinking it because they thought it made them look cool or something because I couldn’t imagine someone actually liking it. 😂
remember kids: changing a brand's marketing after more than a decade aways works
Was that the Ficsit voice I heard?
When something crazy happens in a video game I'm playing I say "How it feels to chew 5 gum." as everyone around me questions if I have autism or not.
I remember as a kid, a friend's father always had 5 gum. And when he would come home and all of us were outside we'd run and harass him for a piece.
1:58 It always irks me when “boy stuff” is always things plenty of girls like too, we just never acknowledge that. (Not a dig at this video just something I always notice that bugs me) Like 5 Gum is just gum. I was afab and loved the 5 Gum commercials. I remember middle school girls _loved_ Axe bodyspray. To the point Axe made a pink version “for girls” as if girls weren’t already using it. And Xbox and Runescape? Yeah everyone plays those.  Why do we as a society keep insisting only boys like this sort of thing? Other than capitalism insisting it for marketing purposes.
How do you end up making a video about 5 Gum and their marketing campaign, without talking about their most famous commercial campaign ever? The "how it feels to chew 5 Gum" 10 second things, which got turned into a meme around 2015, lasting a solid 5 years of relevance. Aside from the Drake's Choice template, no other man has been so culturally impacting or long lasting without becoming cringe. We all remember it, how do you not talk about it????
Man, I forgot 'Life happens in 5' was even what they changed the slogan to until you said it. Goes to show.
that middle school boy starter pack meme is so accurate lol 1:57
I eat a lot of gum myself, but will not buy shit gum with artificial sweetners. Only xylitol gum. I love PUR gum, it has only xylitol (which is actually good for your teeth).  Why do companies REFUSE to get rid of the shit sweetners in their gums?
"The Axe body spray of gum" - that was great, lol.
I liked 5 gum it had a nice flavour even tho it lasted half as any other brand and it was double the price, but once month was a good gum, I haven't seen it in stores for years
Gamer gum? Do you have any gamer mints or better yet, GAMER 🍞?
Drinking energy drinks while gaming doesnt increase your performance by itself, and it might not even do it for "something else" in the drink, depending on what you are drinking. Redbull does not increase your cognitive overall because of the caffeine or the taurine, but because of other parts of its composition, not shared by other energy drinks like monster. What it might do is prevent adnosine from lowering it if you are sleepy, and only if you are sleepy. Green tea also does not do it. FOCUS, and the "sleepiness" are two different things from cognitive ability. If you have lowered cognitive ability due to other circumstances, energy drinks wont get it up because they allow you to focus or prevent the sleepiness from adenosine working. You might faster and more consistently do the dumb stuff you do on "energy drinks", if nothing else but stimulants like Caffeine are in it. Many, MANY, publications confuse it with enhanced cognitive function. Enhanced cognitive function might even be impaired by the other side of the coin in the stimulants, which is the fact that they make you less calm and more anxious. You can know that because excessive caffeine makes you terrible at hand to eye coordination and fine motor control.  Other substances, like the mentioned vitamin B, Omega 3, and other more "lipo related" substances which also coupled with some "fat", specially with lower blood sugar, do make you more cognitive capable, because they do make you LESS ANXIOUS and MORE CALM, which is coupled with the enhancement of the operational of the nervous system, a EFFECTIVE and proper cognitive boost.  However the brands will add up on the confusion about "faster reaction" with "better reaction" and advertise a load of crap as "science".
How it feels to chew 5 gum is one of my favorite memes
4chan did it. End of story
had to stop watching because of the commercial. bye.
I think if 5 gum was a caffined gum maybe they couldve gotten away with the ad and expectations
What is that? That’s gum 😂
Gumhub
5 watermelon flavor is absolutely vile.
This video reminded me that I haven't seen 5 gum for sale in a long time
what the fuuuive?
i remember they made this flavor that tasted like monster energy drink, everyone hated it apparentally and i found hundreds of them on sale for like 10 cents a pack so i bought like 100 packs for 10$ and had a supply that lasted for years.
14:57  Their new marketing approach feels like what vaping was doing when in gain popularity for the first time
the first ads that became memes were always the best, the new ones are ridiculously bad like axe  but 5's cobalt is still the only gum i chew as the flavor last longer than any other brand  i can only remember one of the newer ads for it and i legitmely thought it was an axe bodyspray ad at first  stimulate your senses 5 will always be the best versiom of themselves  Wriggly could litteraly just replay their old stimulate your senses ads and never have to spend another dime on production for new ads for 5 gum tbh
Gonna buy some 5gum
I remember those first 5 Gum commercials.  My thought was always "It's just fucking gum!"  Who does this advertising work on?
The memes were Gold though👌
As an uneducated person who can only recall eating 5 gum once in his life! I'm totally with you!
My older brother had that viewsonic monitor. I remember playing baldurs gate 1 on his PC and overwriting his saves. Typical little brother stuff.
17:15 that was the worst skit i think i've ever seen on youtube
Honestly the memes did a way better job at advertising their product then the ads themselves. I only know what 5 Gum is BECAUSE of the "stimulate your senses" memes.
Mom, can we go see Pedro Pascal?
I chew gum while gaming pretty often but I don't like, directly associate it with gaming. Noise cancellation on my mic usually takes care of food sounds.  Honestly, they ought to just play off the memes based on their old commercials "how it feels to chew 5 gum" but then replace the scenarios with something comical rather than edgy.
Whenever I watch a video of a guy lighting his crotch on fire, or a skier falling over a giant cliff and turning into a white cloud, or a cat reaching terminal velocity while dangling from a ceiling fan, a little voice in my head will always whisper "How it feels to chew 5 Gum".  And I thank the 5 Gum marketing team for this.
can't believe you didn't talk about the meme
the logo looks eerily similar to Singapore's channel 5 for some reason
Why chew fruity flavors when you can vape them.
Not sure if anyone else had the same experience but I remember chewing this gum throughout middle school and the reason I stopped was because I had multiple occurrences where the gum would liquefy in my mouth. And in the middle of class you can't just spit out a mouthful of mint liquid goop so I had to sit there until class was over. I just stopped chewing it after the 3rd time it happened
Who chews gum like that tho get real bruh
Master chief has been on doritos and mnt dew since halo 3. When i was 14. 14 years ago. Lol
This is how it feels to chew 5 gum. I've always heard that the first 15 minutes of chewing gum improves focus.  Why 15 minutes? Idk dude.
wtf is pedro pascal doing on youtube
5 was basically the oakley of bubblegum
Marketing aside, RPM was a tasty flavor.
This is how it feels to be 5 Dumb.
Thank you Pedro Pascal, this was a video I didn't know I was interested in
15:03 I’m just listening to the video while working and the music is so funny 😭
Wrigley's bringing back the "improves focus" claim they were making about Spearmint in the 1940s is so funny.
For years I thought it was called "New 5"
I was 10 years old in 2007. The commmercials for 5Gum sold me immideiatly. Saying 5 was the Axe of gum hits the nail on the head.
16:48 ME im doing it right now
I only find out about 5 gun cuz of memes back in 2016 :v magical time
14:22 nobody actually believes those kinds of comments on advertisements are real right?
you look like a young pedro pascal and i love it
I’ve been trying to find high quality footage of those oldest ads for years! Where’d you get them?
I remember picking up these mysterious marketing materials with online puzzles and thinking it was going to be a cool new sci-fi franchise only to find out it was an overdramatic ad campaign for gum
I’m glad gum is becoming less popular. I am allergic to mint and sometimes I will have an allergic reaction when someone starts chewing on really minty gum like 5 in an enclosed space like on a bus
I've had sticks of 5 off and on, I'd mainly stick with Extra just because "brush teeth at school" problems. 5 seems to break down on me too quickly, a thought shared with a few other friends who never got the hype.  Also, although I do chew gum rarely at the computer, it's because I'm either watching videos or working on projects. Things that don't require instant reaction time focus or talking to people.
Why’s this guy look like a young Pedro Pascal?
I used to really like 5 gum when I was 12-14. Then I just kinda stopped chewing it, partly because it was rather expensive. I recently thought about what happened to them. Part of me is sad they are gone, but the rest is rather indifferent about it. Big Red being discontinued bothered me more because I really love Cinnamon and it was actually something different, not just a slightly different formula of sweet and fruity chewing gum.
I...I chew gum while gaming or working or doing anything where I have to lock in mentally.  It just helps me focus and stuff. I do hard candy  and mints too but gum is better on my teeth (i've recently switched to trident since aspartame sugar free gum will still mess with your dental eventually). But also like I have unmedicated adhd so maybe that's why. It's like...the physical action equivalent of having a subway surfers video up on a second monitor. Chewing gum on top of doing my main task just makes things way more optimized brain wise for me.  I've always been a gum person though. It got banned in my household as a kid because it got stuck in my hair. I would steal my parents nicotine gum even though it tasted horrible. I resorted to chewing anything else I could in substitute of it, lol. It's crazy to me that gum just isn't a popular thing since it's as much of a constant in my life as cigarettes might be to a smoker, lmao.
Twistzzz from Team Liquid was a big figure when it came to endorsing 5 Gum since thats all he ever chewed, even receiving a supply from them awhile back.
One thing I'm always going to mention every time someone talks about 5 Gum is their really weird attempt at an ARG that was somehow a marketing campaign. It was called Mission Icefly, and I'm apparently one of only a handful of people on the planet that both followed it for a couple months and remember it happened. It actually explained the lore behind the "How it Feels to Chew 5 Gum" commercials, which is not a sentence I ever thought I'd type out.
Bro you know who they can sell to is people with motion sickness. Like I chew gum cause it makes me feel sooo much better
13 seconds into the video and HOLY SHIT a wild Pedro Pascal Jr. appears
If 5 gum becomes popular again or if they revive the old commercials after this video, you deserve royalties
They don't even have 5 flavors anymore 😢
5:09 oh, another monopoly
Really not related but you look like a clone of Pedro Pascal that's simultaneously 19 years old and 40 But great video. 5 gum sucks now and Wrigley should be ashamed. If 5 gum isn't stimulating my senses then I don't want to touch it with a 10 foot pole.
the video was good untill you tried to prove no one eats gun while gaming, no one fucking smacks their lips like that you are just eating it with your mouth fully open at that point, unless you think everyone eats and chews like a pig this is just a dumb point
I work at a lumber yard/ hardware store. There’s a spot in the front of the store where we sell snacks and drinks and shit. Customers don’t really know it’s there tho but the workers buy shit from it. One day I was gonna go on break so I went to get a drink and a chocolate bar. The gum was right above the chocolate and low and behold I saw something I hadn’t heard of. “Respawn”. At a lumber yard that sells snacks mostly for the workers we were selling respawn Gamer gum. I immediately bought a pack because I thought gamer gum was the dumbest shit I could ever see. Still chewed it playing COD tho
I have never actually seen an actual 5 gum ad only the "How it feels to chew 5 gum" memes. somehow
nice content and and idea for a video, and you're funny
5 gum needs to go with a secret world theme. The dude that chews 5 gum knows the secret handshake. Are you part of that secret cabal?
I don't know why they didn't just return to the roots of a over the top, somewhat surreal ad campaign. Was "how it feels to chew 5 gum" not a massive meme at one point?
I moved overseas in 1999. I came back in 2018. Today is the first time I have ever heard of this gum. Which is even weirder because I have been doing marketing for 12 years so this hits close to home!
They should have stuck with the original format. I don't know how many memes I've seen of "how it feels to chew five gum" and then somebody getting slapped in the face with a cock.😂😂😂😂 pure fuckin gold
Great video!
He looks like Pedro pascal
I fucking hated 5 gum when it came out because it was obvious to my 18 year old brain that Wrigleys was trying to sell bigger packs of more expensive gum. Prior to the 5 gum bullshit 25cent packs of Wrigleys gum used be sold in the same places as chocolate bars whereas nowadays that is way less common because the more expensive packs have higher margins so they prefer to sell them in vending machines.
You ever shit with your pants on?  Thats the first question that came to mind seeing that
How it gums to chew 5 feels Gum gum Sense your stimulate
I just remember one of the flavours tasted like Deep Heat balm and I NEED that again.
In a million years you would'nt find a better closing line for a video about gum
I don't get advertisement anyway. Why should I buy gum because some npc in the TV has a great time while eating stuff? Tell me why you'r product's better than others with blank facts and I might buy it but who the hell goes out there like "That guy in that ad was being blasted with sound waves, let's buy green 5gum!"
So i'm genuinely not sure if 5 gum was available where i live, but i know it from the advertisements alone. ... Well, mostly the memes. It was an experience. :)
Can somebody say, "Pedro Pascal!"
at the time they came out i was 14 and boy let me tell you i bought them. or stole em causei had no money.
It feels like a sister campaign to the incredibly intense anti-piracy “you wouldn’t download a car” ads
Damn, I miss 5. Where I live only the spearmint and watermelon flavors are still available, both of which I don't like. Loved cobalt and the black colored fruity one.
the fact that the "how it feels to chew 5 gum" is still stuck in my head and sometimes i see memes with it is a testament on how successful it was but, now i forgot the gum even exists
HE SAID THE THING
Watching this video is what it feels like to chew 5 gum.
I'm baffled by the dual implications that  1) it's somehow bizarre to chew gum while playing a game; people chew gum while doing basically anything, and it's been shown to help with things like ADHD (which there are a _lot_ of gamers with) 2) having gum in your mouth will make you loud and annoying on VC; hell, from the sound of it, you had to jam a fist-sized wad in your mouth to prove your point and actively chew it as loud as possible with your mouth open, so you clearly _know_ it's not true. Most people chew one piece at a time, and you can't tell because it's between their teeth when they talk, not some giant clot pinning down their tongue while they struggle to speak.
I think Pepsi did it worse
I clapped when he said the thing!
Bro I miss Solstice so much I know it's just mint gum but that packaging was sick. Don't see 5 Gum much in stores at all anymore in my area.
Going woke and forcing diversity is what killed the brand. Go woke, go broke.
First video I've watched on the channel! Glad to see Pedro Pascal is still getting work making YouTube content!
this video is the best ad since the original ads
I chew gum while gaming
I remember swerve tasted almost exactly like monster
It was like the original PRIME
I've never had 5 gum and only know it from the memes.
The lego Bionicles of chewing gum
...are you Joel Haver?
I always kinda loved the old commercials. Then again I was a child and thought the transformers movie was the best thing ever (and still kind of is) just because it was so outlandish and out there
Brah I bought the green it was good
Frankly, I will not stand for the ballet slander. Do you have *any* idea how in control of your body with respect to not only it's environment but also it itself you have to be to even think about putting on ballet shoes? The amount of calories you burn from the simplest of movements, the discipline and self control you learn grinding out the same movements for hours each until they're absolutely perfect. The breath work alone, my gods.  Anyways haha memes aside ballet is dope, just pulling ya leg, don't knock it quite so fast <3
I used to love the watermelon flavour... Not sure it's even available in the UK anymore. Haven't seen any in YEARS
17:32 I would kick my friend from voice and revoke privileges to the server if he acted so smooth brained
I remember when this came out and it was all the rage. And tbh it was good gum! I loved the cinnamon and the purple one which was elixir i think?! Lots of flavor and it lasted a while.
Should have sold caffinated gum "stimulate your senses" and than sell to gamers.
ngl i thought 5 just suddenly stopped existing.. like why would you change something so iconic to the point where “chew 5 gum, stimulate your senses” is kinda etched into pop culture?
Fukkit.  Unstimulates your senses
What is it with rain and being vibration themed?
How it gums to chew five feels
Entirely unrelated: Your displate ad read got interrupted by YouTube for an ad for displate
Bring back the Lush and Elixir flavors back
Respawn 😭😂
I tried 5 Gum three times. Two times very close to each other amd a third one some months later. All of them different tastes. All of them bad. Mediocre taste that while it is very, VERY heavy and powerful the moment you firat chew it, it loses ALL taste in less than 2 minutes. All chewing gum lose taste after a while, but to lose it ALL in UNDER 2 MINUTES? Laughable, at best!  I dropped them and never bothered again.
Now that you mention it, I probably haven’t chewed gum in a solid 5 years, maybe even 10.
he aint wrong i chew gum to relax and to kinda feel like im going back in time when i use to chew gum in school kinda like a happy place in your mind tho i dont mind being the only one who thinks chewing gum is cool cause that means i can get away with it at work. I dont like people giving gum a bad wrap cause they stick it underneath tables tho...  it helps you distract and get to your happy place....  over all in fan of respawn gum to bad gamestop ...STOP selling it 1 selling it !
Honestly, one thing and one thing only would get me to buy gum: swallowability. Everyone's heard the bullshit myth that it takes seven years for gum to digest, or whatever, but if a gum were _designed_ to be swallowed once the flavour was gone, that'd get me to buy it, because the worst thing about gum is getting rid of it when you're done.
When they took the sugar out of gum.  Gum ceased to be any good.
Completely accurate way of chewing gum for the discord point
Well, to the last part about chewing gum while gaming, it IS common to chew gum as a de-stressor to my knowledge. Having something to chew on and take your mind off the thing of stress let's you relax and perform with a calmer headspace. So yes, there's probably many people who chew on gum or something similar for focus.  Or this is just me because I have an oral fixation and fidget with my mouth ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Why do you have 20mins on this?
If you ever actually TRIED 5 gum, and didn't have dead taste buds, they had some pretty wild and intense flavors well deserving of the names & videos promoting them.
so wait  your discord call involves you chewing with your mouth open  do you do that in real life around other people to or is it just for your videos?
That gum discord call is Anti-AMSR.
Step 1: Recognise 80s and 90s marketing doesn't appeal to 2000s teens. Step 2: Rethink the ads, make them look like you're selling a PS2 Step 3: Success! Step 4: A new ad exec wants to make their mark, so they basically reshoot the 90s ads Step 5-?: Shit! We broke it! Keep throwing more shit at the wall!
"How it feels to chew 5 gum" *Bangs head against wall* "Stimulate your senses"
You kinda look like pedro pascal
I like how young Pedro Pascal is in this video to remind us of this gum. :P Truth be told, I loved 5 Gum when I was in my gum chewing phase many years ago. I would go through a pack and a half a week. Now I go through a pack a year.  Times change and age affects what you used to like.
The fact that there aren't even 5 flavors goes to show the lack of thinking going on!
Pedro Pascal is doing YouTube now?
Subbed just because of the Swampletics Displate. Settled is the GOAT.
16:46 and also who the fuck takes a bite off of a piece of gum
Funfact I love playing fighting games seriously and chewing anything actually distracts me a bit because I want all my focus on my hands and not on my mouth.
I chew gum when solo gaming so I don’t bite my fingers instead lol.
Chew it 5 to feel how 5 it gum feels.
You're like a lil Pedro Pascal clone.
No one ever asked how it feels like to BE 5 gum. They didn't know either.
My favorite thing about 5 Gum in school was how the foil wrappers were cooler looking than other gum's foil wrappers, and seemingly easier to peel off of the inner backing too. I'd used to always try to peel it off in one piece, and then it would readily stick to things like pens, so I'd wrap pens, mechanical pencils, etc. up in bright shiny blue or green foil.
Not gonna lie, the original ads for 5 Gum sold me. I didn't even chew gum before then but the over the top nonsense ads that vaguely tugged at stimulating your senses in bizarre ways that seemed soothing had an uncanny effect on me
Still some good-ass gum though
i liked five when it gave me existential nightmares how about that
I was expecting you to talk about the 5 Gum ARG that they promoted in youtube ads way back in the day, the "Human Preservation Project". The ads didn't say they were for 5 gum, so it looked like some near-future sci-fi-ish organization was trying to recruit people for some vague purpose. They had a whole website with puzzles on it that would give you some lore if you solved them. I didn't get super deep into it, but I did get a box of free 5 gum shipped to me, which was exciting for me as a "14 year old status seeker".
I wondered what happened to this gum. I liked the green one.
UGH PLEASE MISPHONIA WARNING at 17:00 I WANT TO TEAR MY SKIN OFF
I'm pretty shocked at how insulated the rock I've been living under is My mental image of 5 Gum was still the original hyper-intense image before this video, all these re-brandings completely flew under my radar
Gum is gayaf people that chew gum are women
How it chews to gum 5 feels Gum gum Sense your stimulate
hashtagnoregerts
Honestly, the gum companies should start making weed or delta 8 gum. 😂  Idk if it would increase sales, but at least it’s something.
this mf looks like pedro pascal
5 gum: stimulate your ferret
miss 5 so much
#freebasejunk
I’m the one “gamer” that chews gum (it’s a good stimming tool for me, helps me focus) and I have NEVER heard of Respawn.
Hey man, don't sell yourself short, I saw those first-knuckle calluses. You could be a Home Depot employee.  Also, I chew gum and game sometimes. I'm one of those people who prefers not to use a mic, and if you don't like that, too bad, I will ping stuff and type, and if you are too lazy to peek at chat or pay attention to my markers, that's on you.
It is quite amazing how in 20 minutes I managed to learn less about five gum then I did before. This video is a mess of hyperbole, non-contextual citations, and ridiculously wants to peruse itself as infotainment. This is extremely biased against wrigley and it looks like he is scrambling to find what he wants the viewer to be angry about, he goes from the marketing team, to the board of executives, to the corporation itself. It is disorganized, exxagerated, nonsense. It pains me to see that this has what “educational content” on youtube has come to.
Im not sure for gamers but the demographic that plays card games does chew gum. Used in a way one would use a figet cube or any other "stimmy toy" in order to focus. Chewing gum is also great to give your mouth something to do if youre trying to quit vaping. No joke i have no idea why 5 stopped with the meme worthy campaign. If a company told me that chewing this is like climbing mount everest with no gear blindfolded and acheiving it or something rediculous id buy it.
Only thing I remember about this gum is peeling the foil off the wrapper while chewing the gum in class.
gum is expensive and the flavor doesnt last so no for me.
#bringback5gum
How it feels to chew five gum 🍆🐕🥜💦
I always assumed they dropped the How It Feels ads because of the memes. People would joke that chewing 5 gum was like getting run over, or whatever, and they probably thought it was bad for their image. Idk
It holds its flavor longer than other gums. When I buy gum it’s what I buy
My are you cosplaying Michael Pena?
remeber 5Gum. the commericals were something different for sure. and purchased a pack, it was so strange but nice gum
I do not remember 5 truth or dare lol where was I?
I remember when I was a child when 5 gum first came up. It was the talk of the town everyone wanted to feel like in the commercials and to be cool. Nowadays I can barely find them in stores. Truly sad downfall
If you don’t chew gum with your mouth open, you can’t hear it on call
entertaining vid.  thanks.
The OG 5 ads and everything they did then was the best, now it's like wtf. Also, just bloody do mints, like, cmon?
I've been watching some more psychedelia 90s films with a pal lately, and during the last one, during one trippy scene, I turned to my friend and said "that's how it feels to chew 5 gum".  The classic era of 5 gum advertising lives forever in my psyche, yet I was completely unaware that they had ever changed their marketing.  What an interesting discovery.
I see WDR in your Discord channels, godspeed gamer 🤝
Your audio is slightly out of sync with the video
NEWS FLASH:  Making fun of cringe corporation decisions in a way that tries to make you appear edgy, cool, and relatable to young people; is just as cringe as the corporations doing it in the first place. You're legitimately marketing YOURSELF the same way 5Gum advertises a pack of chewing gum. Congratulations.
God i remember loving 5 gum commercials
Gamers are easy to sell too, why else is there a fifa and call of duty every year.
Kids vape now not chew gum.
I remember this when I was at high school and everyone thought the box seemed like a carton of cond*ms...what every teenager may need but it is too embarased to buy.
lol dafuq .. i literally just realized today that the name of that gum was "5" to me it always was like "wrigley cobalt" or "wrigleys rain" etc. :D
I don't think the gum for gamers is quite as absurd as you make it out to be. It's like walking and talking; you're trying to focus and think about the game while also using the muscles of your jaw to chew and so it's working the entire brain rather than the adverse; just sitting in a chair and deteriorating while desperately trying to lock in. Ironically I think gum would be one of the FEW things that might help with video-game performance.
I just didn’t saw any value, it’s just a overpriced gum
Whats wrong with hubba bubba that gum smacked
holy shit, it's pedro pascal
Crazy that gum makers don't realize that people prefer mints over gum is because you can swallow a mint. If they made gum that didn't upset your stomach to swallow then I'd be all back into gum. I don't like sucking on or chewing mints but how gross is it to have to spit your gum out? But right now swallowing gum is like swallowing toothpaste for me. Technically okay to do in small doses, but makes your stomach sad.
Oh I forgot about that company, didn't know they were annihilated either lol.
gaming gum 😂😂😂😂😂😂
12:55 "Make not war love"
I have a question.  How can a *gamer* chew gum while screaming racist, sexist, homophobic, antisemitic epithets at his teammates?
Rain made me puke
The mustache goes hard
This is a GOOD ass video man! Subbed
I’m expecting to see them launch high-5 gum infused with drugs and a psychedelic ad campaign lol
I CHEW GUM WHILE GAMING AND I’M PROUD!
19:34 i agree
really? can't hit a nail on a head? lmao
Yo it's Pedro Pascal
Calling 5 Gum the "Axe Body spray of gum" is so weird but so accurate 😂
so funny how gum sales just so happen to go down at the exact same time that MDMA took a decline in the open dr*g market… rolling and gum is practically tied at the hip 😂😂😂
never heard of these. We had something very similar tho, almost like a copy of this. I think it was Stimorol who made it
Does he runs his jokes by anybody before he uses them as filler to the actually good documentary
Shame, I did somewhat actually preffer the taste of 5 compared to the rest of stuff I had around. End well they not longer sell it now where I live
never thought id ever watch a 20 minute video about gum and thoroughly enjoy it  thats an accomplishment
Absolutely nailed the last line of the script
I wish you could still buy Xbox soap and deodorant :(
I haven't had 5 gum since 2012
Stop dropping the base.....oof.
Just saying if they where to do like a rebrand of that shit where they just went back to being edgy and making over the top advertisement they would likely be able to cash in on peoples nostalgia. I mean I wasnt even 10 when the gum first released but everyone knows the "Chew five gum. Stimulate your scenes" meme. Bring back the old flavors, packaging and the classic slogan and I think they could make a comeback
Fantastic video!! Thank you for making this. You got a sub out of me !
Thank you. Didn't imagine I'd find myself so entertained by the story of a candy company's marketing failure, presented by a young Weird Al Yankovic, but, I am.
This was a lot of fun, great vid
My Walmart had respawn gum way in the back where all the forgotten items are so I got a pack it's not bad tbh 4/5
One of my favorite meme series
That finale actually pretty on-point man... imagine if they revived those edgy ads, put them on Twitch or somewhere people sees them in 2023, nostalgia would kick in I think. Yeah gum went out of fashion temporarily but everything is cyclical in this world, unless its super unhealthy like smoking (but then vaping happens to fill the gap).
After watching this video ive realized that i am exactly their target demographic and a 5 Gum stan.  I used to go through about 3 packs a week when trying to control my eating. It was the only gum that could actually last longer than 10 minutes in flavor, so id chew all day. And i even realized that chewing late at night when id play games with my friends kept me more awake and therefor allowed me to play better.  And the dare campaign actually was fun for my friend group, because i started chewing it around the "fill in the blanks" campaign and would complain when my friends would always ask me, so i said they could have one if they did the dare. It made what was normally an annoying thing become a silly interaction.  I will say the no regrets campaign is pretty bad, but all their other campaigns i really like, nothing tops the og tho
I mean your description of the cringy 5 gum marketing team is exactly the same no matter what the product, from Gum to Louis Vuitton. Just a bunch of overpaid idiot graduates circle jerking about the cringiest way to extract as much money from idiot consumers as they can for their overpriced wank.
They will go woke anytime soon.
It worked because my child self wanted to be edgy and bought it.
Thier "react" gum is the best mint flavour of all time.
For me the biggest problem was - when 5 came to be, all their other gums started suddenly turning into goo in your mouth and cannot be chewed more than 15-20 minutes it was like "yeah, all those other products (that we actually make) SUCK so buy our new thing that costs more but it's the normal quality of our other stuff we destroyed to boost this thing......" and after few years they made 5 also turn to sludge in your mouth in a matter of minutes.... and now all those gums coming from that same company are not worth even half of the money they want for them.... there are waaaaaaaaaay better alternatives tho wrigley's are the most prevalent brand of gums where I live.....
You talk when you game lmao
What’s your biggest regret?  Well I grew up in poverty all my life and was a victim of domestic violence.  Haha. Lol couldn’t be me #NoRegrets #Buy our gun.  Don’t worry you’re not the only one who thinks this video was tone dead as fuck.
i really like chewing stuff like jerkies and such but most gum just don't do it for me.
I had no clue they did all this. All I know 5 for is memes and me giving it the look at the store because they want HOW MUCH for some chewing gum?!
I remember this one friend of mine who ordered 5 gum flavours from the US (for like 4 times the price), not yet available in the EU, just to become the hero of the schoolyard. It still baffles me how he was able to make like an exclusive club of 30 14-15 year old boys just because he had some gum a month ahead of everyone else
i remember going on a flash game website to play vector TD and seeing the 5 gum ads before my game would start every time :DD
Weirdly, I tried and liked 5 gum before I ever saw a commercial. It became my gum of choice for awhile in highschool. I mainly liked it for the flavor, secure pack, and the shiny wrappers you could peel off and stick to your binders 😂
10:47 Wait, so they were implying that Online Chatting, Gaming and _Music_ were their main _competition?_ Tell me your product is dead without telling me your product is dead.
I actually chew gum while gaming semi-frequently. They don't sell much 5Gum here, though.  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4449949/ Also apparently gum itself improves focus, which I find hilarious.
Great Value Pedro Pascal
You know, I chew gum extremely often due to autistic mouth things, and that includes while gaming, Never really thought anything of it till you brought it up.
I don't think any company will ever understand what the current generation want and its always hilarious
I actually liked 5 gum when it was first released, but it lost quality.
sometimes as a joke I still say “this is what it feels like to chew 5 gum”   those commercials were so extra
I was waiting for this video, i mean for real! Thx👍
Pretty sure the one with all the cables, is the guy getting hooked up to a ton of guitar/piano wires and becoming a massive speaker/microphone. Every sound is transmitted to his whole body through the vibration of the wires.
Is it just me or this guy looks like Pedro pascal? Young Pedro going crazy!
It doesn't help that they were targeting a democratic that had little to no interaction with the places they advertised. Seriously who actually watches broadcast tv anymore.
The "they need to remind us what its like to chew five gum" got my subscribe
Wow, I had completely forgotten about 5 gum! Those commercials back in the day were wild and the source of so many memes.  Really all they needed to do to catch some of the same demographic that they lost was make more wild commercials like they did originally with their "this is how it feels to chew 5 gum" slogan as their slogan, lean into the meme a bit, and advertise to the black + neon/RGB gamer market. They didn't need to go in on the whole "chewing gum for focus when gaming", but there's plenty of gamers out there that love that black & neon/RGB aesthetic, and it's definitely a thing that a fair number of teens that play video games go for. I have friends that have bought shitty razor gaming peripherals just because of the style they have, even though the item itself is pretty shit. They almost had it with the "gamer gum", but fumbled the execution.
L video sorry bro
15:24 worst marketing idea ever
I always figured the backrooms were just the offices attached to the warehouses where they filmed the 5gum commercials.
I never had these. Simply because when you're looking for gum, you'll look for what feels familiar. At a quick glance, these do not look like gum.
Pedro Pascal talks about 5 Gum.  I'm here for it
I feel like you could apply the statement “by 2014, things started to take a bit of a turn” to a great deal of things.
a big thing is how they were sold at premium prices ( here 4+euros for a single package for less individual gums than the other packages) for a gum that lost everything worth of note with the switch to aspartame, and was still inferior to the other, much rarer to find, flavours  after the switch you could get local gums that tasted much better for less, and with the more unique taste like doublemint being even rarer, it became a compounding problem on itself
I just realized I haven't seen an ad for 5 Gum or even seen any 5 Gum in years
1:57 I feel attacked
I used to live 15 minutes away from that Wrigleys in Don Mills and I always wondered why TF it would smell like vanilla and mint when I left my house, and it was 100% the factory. Before I knew the factory was there it was quite a mystery.
I remember stride telling people to spit out there gum and start a new pice in exotic ways
I chew gum while playing to reduces my anger. XD do you have sound suppression on? XD anyway I don't join a VC when chewing and I have respect when talking so stop fucken chewing before talking XD still like the video XD
I loved you in The Last of Us
I vividly remember seeing brightly colored metallic rectangles stuck onto the legs of chairs or desks in freshman year of high school. People were peeling the aluminum foil from the paper of 5 gum wrappers and sticking it anywhere. That piqued my interest in 5 gum and I grew to love the berry flavor called Elixir. Once they discontinued the fun flavors I lost interest  "How It Feels to Chew 5 Gum" still lives on even if as a complete joke on the internet from years ago. If Wrigley ever wanted to reinvigorate the 5 brand, they should embrace the meme. Maybe not too far to avoid a dreaded "how do you do, fellow kids?" feeling, but just go back to its roots and embrace the over-the-top nature of the original commercials. And then reintroduce the fun flavors
who rebranded 5gum was total idiot lol
Energy drinks do not improve gaming performance
9:30 did they really find a xQc clone lol.
I feel like the reason a lot of these brands that were big with middle-schoolers in the 00's are pandering to gamers is because it's the same group of people, just grown up. If you were in 7th grade in '08, now you're an adult with adult money. If you played a lot of games then, chances are you still play games. It's effectively the same demographic.  Not to mention "gamers" has a much broader age range; from 40- and 30- somethings all the way back to pre-teens. It's an almost multi-generational age range.
CGI is cheaper and better than ever, they have no reason not to show us how it feels to chew 5 gun again. But this time, it better be even more ridiculous and over the top.
Why didn't they just use the meme to market it?
Why'd you quit mandalorian?
5 Gum does last the longest tho
people calling anything edgy now
some of my friends love five gum, unfortunately it is incredibly rare now (in the uk)
Hooking the sheep while they are young😂
You look like a family friendly halloween costume of Pedro Pascal
Wildly inaccurate
Just for the record, I sometimes chew gum while gaming. I usually buy Trident cinnamon and pair it with some nice cool diet dr pepper.
I remember, I haven't seen any commercials but when buying groceries... and in th mid age bracket I did switch to it from other gum for a while. I wonder when I stopped. Buying gum in general.
I always thought it was weird that a pack of 5 Gum can be seen on the Guitar Hero III setlist screen.
Amazing. Never knew that 5 went through such shit. Welll i dont watch Ads soo there's that. Also didn't 5 come out like 5 years ago? :D
Ima go ahead and pop this bubble. Wrigley's cant keep up with the market demand. People donr care about its image they just care about chewing gum
How it chews to gum 5 feels O_o gum gum
5 would’ve stayed on top of the market if they would’ve kept on the over-the-top sensory ads. If they would’ve pivoted into the gaming market much earlier with VR or even pop-up performance art installations that mirrored the experiences on the ads, they would’ve still been a hit. Even the idea of caffeine gum is something they could’ve dominated with if they didn’t change up their direction.  Also if you were smart you’d try to capture the aesthetic of every middle schooler in 2008 and put the foil wrapping on everything like we all did to our spiral notebooks.
I agree and I remember at NYCC going into that bead tube that shakes you with the metal beads and I thought holy shit this is Awesome and they gave me free gum the whole weekend
oh boy! i love you enthusiasm, your narration voice, the presentation and discussion of the idea, and the editing is amazing.
real ones chewed this up in middle school and peeled the colorful foil off the wrappers to stick on our notebook covers
I'm thrilled that we dumped the TV back in 1995. I never knew this existed, and now I can do my best to forget it.
My guy, you sound almost identical to Coffeezilla. You should do a collab with him.
Displate is over priced
"Look at these hands"  *shows decently callused manly hands*  "I look like I work at frickin' build a bear"
The original ads were so good that some extremely good vines were made parodying them.  "This is how it feels to chew 5 gum." <someone headbutts through a wall>
what didn't they know? most jobs and companies are run like daycares now most of us get yelled at for chewing cause 1 or 2 people stuck their gum to something. People aren't treated like adults anymore, the gum decline is a cultural sign I tell you!
17:45 was a dumb as shit example, thats less about the gum being chewed and more like your dumbass chewing too close to the mic gum or not
To think it was actual brand and not just meme of dude getting impaled on spiked fence designed to keep thieves away just to cut to~ "5 gum, stimulate your sences"
As a preteen/ teenager I stole so much of this gum from the local Walgreens
You know this marketing plan failed because i had absolutely no idea five gum was even doing this.
I was 17 when 5 gum hit.  It was pretty epic. It was definitely one of the first gum brands to really get the longer lasting flavour down.  Back in the 90's gum flavour lasted for about 2 minutes and then it was just this bland rubbery blob to chew on.  But during this time every gum was still advertised as longer lasting.  So i had been primed my whole life to think this promise was just total bs.  So when i tried 5 gum i was actually pleasantly surprised that the flavour lingered a lot longer than other gums.  After that your boy was a bit of a 5 gum fan. Also those "what it feels like to chew 5 gum" memes from a few years back were hilarious.
IS GUM  - he says like a caveman
when i was a kid 5 comercials didnt showed on my tv su i thougt 5 was for old fancy people :p
calling it the 10s makes me feel old
So few things  1: yes absolutely you nailed them loosing a lot of people with the truth or dare. Like I am still a #1 5gum fan but like it was so embarrassing carrying their gum around with that stupid deal.  2. A LOT of people chew gum while gaming. Its a focus/fidget thing. I chew gum all the time and with the discord noise suppression built in, my mic never picks up my chewing. Its a very common thing at the pro/sweaty level.   3. Respawn gum was a fantastic product. I am a teacher and we all know coffee is a diarrhetic and I can’t just “poop on company time” so I ended up buying a 12 pack and it was a life saver. I really wish it had caught on or they had rebranded it. The fruity flavors tasted awful but the mint one was alright, 1 of those sticks during my prep was great! Plus I could chew a stick late night while gaming and was able to still go to sleep due to the very little amount of caffeine. Plus it being green tea extract, it was a very mild caffeine bump.   For me, i feel like they changed the recipe of their gum or something because i feel like it doesn’t last as long and its not as punchy.
the only thing i remember about 5 gum was that one video with the quake 4 intro. That video was 11 years ago. RIP Jenkins
Chewing gum while gaming makes my adhd stay in the dark corner where it belongs. I still suck at the game sadly.
This guy looks like Pedro Pascal. I’m subscribing because of that
Lmao, so that suspiciously square packaging placed at checkout near other condoms was gum all along
God I love the 5gum commercials. They were so visceral and intense and high quality. They were hypnotizing. I was born in 90, so I was literally the target demographic, and let me tell you, that shit worked. Did I believe that the gum would actually be that amazing? Nah. Did those amazing commercials make me more likely to buy the gum if I was buying gum? Yep.  Good gum. Neat package. Amazing high definition commercials.
"5 gum -- stimulate your penis"
I’m so happy rn. I’m watching this video about gum.. the line about stealing the hearts of millennials comes on. Then Vsauce interrupts with an ad saying “bah humbug” wearing a Santa hat 😭
Wow, I've watched alot of bs video's on YouTube before and not min able to finish them. I just spent 20 minutes learning about 5 gums marketing failures and you got a like and new sub. Great work.
Zing was always my favorite 5 gum flavor. it like a sweet and sour bubble gum flavor. Truly was an experience
“…more options to chewse from.”
Chewing on Big Red gun genuinely feels like bungee jumping into a volcano. Juicy Fruit and hubba bubba gums flavor lasts 2 chews. 5 gum and trident are the gums with good flavors that last.
And remember kids. Every marketing department NEVER employs someone from their target demographic
Honestly, the memes were a better advertisement for 5 gum.  At least for me.  They were funny enough to get my kids to ask for me to buy it when we saw it at the store.  My favorite was the guy jumping head first into a door - only for his head to go through and get him stuck.
holy shit you look like pedro pascal
I was one of those middle schoolers with the truth or dare gum
who buys gum based off of advertising?
There IS, however, plenty of people who use gum in sports for focus and stuff.
I chew gum while gaming but not obnoxiously so no one has a problem with it. It’s just like chewing your food, do it with your mouth closed.
Maybe putting aspartame poison in all their gums was not appealing??
The April 2020 campaign was a necessary evil, because a lot of people were suddenly not allowed to go out and have life experiences. Keeping to their old campaign of "no regrets" would have been anti-establishment and slapping consumers in the face, and encouraging deviant behavior during an international health crisis. The only safe place to go was something everyone was doing anyway: staying home and staring at screens.
Didn't think about this till today, but at 40 I think last time I chewed gum was in HS back in the late 90's.. It use to be everywhere.. I feel mints became big for a few reasons. Some being longer lasting flavor effect than gum, more hygienic since theirs less gum stuck to the ground or under seats these days..
I remember when 5 gum came out. Used to get the Cobalt one and it was super minty.. Really was just a fad at the time.
16:50 it’s weird that you mention this because I literally have a pack of 5 gum next to my pc at all times and when I need to focus on a game like call of duty, I chew it and I usually do better than normal and it keeps me awake if I’m sleepy
This is how it feels to chew 5gum
It's wild because I feel like it's right in front of their faces too. They literally just need to embrace the meme, everyone knows "How it feels to chew 5 Gum". Just do that and lean into the meme of it and make it self aware and ridiculous and it would do so much for them.
Spotify ads made me hate it even tho I've never tried it
They still owe people their final reward for Human Preservation Project. They didn't even give ya boy a coupon or anything :'(
great presentation dude
funny how they did an emergency rebrand after all of the "this is how it feels to chew 5 gum" memes
The algorithm took me to Pedro Pascal's channel, sorry had to make that joke, kidding aside, dude I really enjoyed your video
"How it feels to chew 5gum?" :Liveleak video starts playing
Gum actually does help improve focus, awareness, and even concentration; so in reality, gamers would in fact be the best market. It also helps relieve stress, so it was used in wars to help soldiers, gamers using it is a logical next step.
i literally only bought 5 gum because of the packaging and it not warping into a slimefest in my pocket
The "How it feels to chew 5 gum" made me crave tf2 content...
The gum on the discord call was WAY funnier than it should have been 😂
Yeah i remember this. The adds always had me laughing.
0:25 I can't be the only one who secretly expected this guy to get an electric shock from that gum lol
Bro you said pandering to gamers then I got the disk plate ad that tells us to “level up your gaming blablah”
Lol I love the HuniePop music you used
They should just lean on the meme of showing a medieval battle or some terrible act of violence and follow it with "5 Gum" and they would be fine
Great example of showing how woke marketing fails every time
good luck trying to sell to young people growing up as nihilists just waiting for the apocalypse oh and btw. energy drinks may increase your reaction time, but also make your aim worse.
These commercial reminds of the old droid smartphone commercials
Screw 5 gum and marketing and videos about marketing
A little bit surprised that he didn’t mention or talk about the ARG advertisement that went along with the 5 gum when It first came out.
As a gamer with ADHD, I can confirm that I would chew gum while gaming if I had some.
this video is a better advertisement than most 5 Gum advertisements, because now I want 5 Gum
I chew gum while gaming, but it's sea bond...
i wouldnt want to have to market or advertise to millenials, they suck, they dont even know what they want
I chew gum while gaming, I do Extra most of the time, as it is cheaper. But it keeps me from biting my nails when stressed!
I'd chew gum while gaming......
This guy looks like a smaller Javier Pena from Narcos
Ummmmm just my 3¢... ... I definitely learned about a lot of things that where done that I never had any idea of before watching the video......      BUT in regards to the marketing of the gum it Always felt Forced right from the start!!     And it never made me want to or feel the need that I have to chew the gum!!
I remember being a kid and looking to get some gum at the grocery store. I would glance over 5 gum and think "There is no way my mom is letting me get this gum" because I thought it was an actual "stimulate your senses" type of gum.
I actually loved 5 gum and their ads, especially the tropical flavor of 5 gum.  I remember back in the day the rumor was you could chew the paper encasing the piece of gum as well 💀 so we would just be eating paper and chewing gum lol.
i love stealing it from shops
I remember there was one of them that was like "how it chews to feel 5 gum" "gum gum. Sense your stimulate" or something like that. And as a preteen it killed me
I'm a millennial and I'm here to kick ass and chew 5-gum. And I'm all out of 5-gum.
The 5Gum ads were so crazy but the gum was so mediocre imo, and even worse, it turned into powder the more you chewed it 💀
My most memorable experience with 5 gum was when my little brother ate, not chewed, an entire pack because "he was hungry". I came home from school to him playing with legos surrounded by wrappers.  He was ok.
The advertising of the 1990s and 2000s are gone. By the mid 2010s, social media has essentially destroyed it all.
this is great
the rebrand copied what mentos commercials used to be.
As far as the person chewing gum in voice call. Use push to talk you pleb.
So you chew gum with your mouth open with the intent to make as much noise as you can?
You look like Pedro Pascal when he acted in Narcos.
never game without  water
11:18 skate parks are "edgy"
They were some cool commercials. The gum is terrible though.
5 gum was popular in my high school. if you brought a pack in everyone would ask you for a piece, I was in high school from 2006-2010
ok pedro pascal
They should have just stuck with the original concept and put some small twist on it. I think that the only flaw with the original concept is that their modern audience is probably more likely to cringe at the edginess and absurdity of it, but that's a good opportunity to make fun of themselves a little. They could do basically the same kinds of commercials, but throw a few in there that are more like the "how it feels to chew 5 gum" memes just as a little wink that says "we know this is ridiculous, but you still love it."
When I was still in HS it was Winterfresh gum that was EXTREMELY popular in school. If you brought a 25 piece pack to school, it was gone by the end of the day. We were obsessed
andrew pascal?
Gamer Cum
1:49 | 5 gum being the Axe Body Spray of Gum - is a thought that never crossed my mind but is so damn obvious now in hindsight. Damn
I stopped chewing Gum around 10 years ago. I dont like the texture/mouthfeel in general. 5-Gum was my favorite because the flavour was nice. A new Taste: "Nova" Peppermint, but turned up to 11/10 could do the trick. The add could involve an astronaut being fed a Piece by his Spacesuit with a supernova in the background.
I have a niacin sensitivity that absolutely screws me up so that respawn gum would have probably done me dirty.
I love how they tried so hard. I remember when everyone in my class found out that gum was rubber, and everyone stopped chewing gum. 😂
For the chemical experiment in your mouth.
Ok, that ending was earned
Honestly I saw "gamer gum" at a gas station one day and it made me laugh so hard that I bought it. I didn't notice any benefit, though.
This shit made me wanna go buy some 5
Pedro pascal at home! That’s wicked cool!
try it once, chew 2 times, no more taste, never buy again.
you look like pedro pascal
at least they were trying to be unique
To this day 5 is a go to for me, but i am also stuck in 2008 and am only allowed one day of current time each year, but my timedommy said she might let me out on my birthday
Solstice and Rain were the best flavours. Change my mind.
there this gamergum brand appeared in germany lately that sells gums with caffeine. quote on quote 1 gum = 2 expresso. i was susceptible at first but it kinda gives you a boost of energy for maybe 30-45 min, maybe it works on me because I dont consume caffeine
I was expecting you to have at least a couple hundred thousand subs due to how good this video was! Also, chewing normal chewing gum has been shown to slightly improve cognitive function because the muscle movement pumps more blood up into your head and brain.
you were so close to saying "How it feels to completely annihilate your brand image" in the title, please go back and change it, please
Lush and Rain used to HIT back in 5th grade XD
Should've made the title: "5 Gum: How it feels to completely annihilate your brand image"
In all honesty, all they had to do was continue to make new flavors and I would have continued to try them
It is ACTUALLY pissing me off that you don't have more than 100K subscribers. Seriously, I just found your channel today and looked over your catalog of content, and I just do NOT understand why people aren't subscribing to you by the tens of thousands. Your editing is outstanding, and the topics you're covering are interesting, arguably even IMPORTANT to culture.  This is ridiculous, and in response, I'm subscribing. You seriously do NOT have enough of a following. You're several notches above a number of other channels, but they're doing better than you, which just doesn't sit right with me.
How it feels to chew 5 gum~ "UBUH UBUBUH BUBUBUBUBUBUH AHHH"
Soo I just chew gum for mouth heath, and cause it gives me something to mindlessly do (adhd oral fixation lets goooo) but hilariously enough this video inspired me to try respawn gum for no other reason to just see what it does, if anything.  Either I never buy it again or it tastes good, lets see.
Respawn is sold in my state almost everywhere.   Also who actually smacks gum like that like honestly did your parents not love you enough to explain basic concepts like chewing with your mouth closed. Thats a fight on sight for us here, a throwdown youll go down for sure bud, a smack you dont come back from friend.
I dunno as a kid I think I knew the gum would never be as good as the advert and I hardly bought gum anyways but you're still gonna lose out to a lemon flavour everytime no matter how shiny your packaging and how cool your ads are.
Bruv anyone who eats gum with their mouth open are annoying af. They thrive to be center of attention through any means.
I though chewing 5 gum are condom
Bruh, if they really needed to bring profitability to their product, they could have not only expanded beyond gum, but also piggybacked off of their whole “extreme experience” part of 5 Gum by investing in extreme sports similarly to Monster Energy and Red Bull (again, only because it’s extreme). That way they keep their brand identity of “how it feels to chew 5 gum” without having to worry about going completely tits up
Mom can we get pedro pascal  We have pedro pascal at home  Pedro pascal at home:
If I put in a piece of gum while gaining it would end up just under my tongue or something, forgetting about it
Those OG 5 commercials worked on 15 year old me. I pretty much never buy gum but 5 is still a solid choice, if I do.  Speaking of gum, wtf made Extra (and probably other companies) start making those giant hard plastic packs of gum? Got myself a cardboard car-friendly box of Mentos (I think?) to tickle my green jellies instead.
I swear every extremely basic thing in the late 2000's got an edgy twist but I love it
Oh, I remember this gum
5 Gum, stimulate your mouse sensitivity
Honestly their "how it feels to chew 5 gum...stimulate your senses" meme format that people posted videos of like wrecks and people getting rekt to have always been hilarious.
Was an Orbitz commercial guy myself but think I'm past the targeted market.
Gum costs cities millions of dollars, so it dying out isn't necessarily a bad thing.
They should have put fortunes on the inside of the wrappers.
the moment i saw the name Respawn is the moment i knew they had no care whatsoever about the fans, product, or how they market themselves anymore.....
Remember in elementary school my friend told me the RPM five gun stood for Ripped Penis Muscle and now that’s all I can think of when I hear rpm
Surprised I haven’t come across a "How gum chews to 5 feels" comments button. >>>
I went to space and back before being teleported to the sun and returning with the King and Queen of the massive ball of fire dust by both my sides after biting the tiniest piece, and I am talking MICROSCOPIC size, piece of the 5 GUM™
Anyone else remember those insane ps3 commercials? Everything about the 00’s was the apex of that “retrofuture, dark, sexy, cool” vibe. God music was way better then also 🤦‍♂️
you look like pedro pascal
The original campaign was the perfect marketing tool: the self-propagating advertisement. Even if you never watched TV, random people would tell you about their product as a meme.
I stopped watching TV in 2008.  I thought it was still the gum of adrenaline fueled thrill rides still.  But at 1 pack every 5 months as an impulse buy at the register, I'm hardly who they are marketing too.
Wait, this was a thing? Never heard of it...
If I was a gum company I'd advertise you can just swallow the gum when you are done. I feel like that is the biggest urban legend that makes people avoid buying it.
I thank Wrigleys for creating this brand just for the memes out there now. I have never chewed a single stick of it though.
I totally forgot about this gum
......I was the 5 gum dealer of my high school....  I contributed too hard to their success.
Your voice is way too whiny.
How it feels to 5 chew gum…gum gum
5 gum is really good compared to other sticks tbh. They have a longer lasting taste. That’s all I get now ha ha ha I didn’t see any commercials since I didn’t have tv at the time but the packaging did stand out to me when I finished college.
5 sucked lol the favor lasted 2 seconds
Nice Swampletics displate! I have the same one
pedro pascal?
The fact i still see old 5 ads as memes shows that they had a good thing going and ruined it, I forgot its a gum until i see a old ad or a meme, and i love those ads just the art its self is extremely good
Why do half of these look like saw traps or danganronpa executions?
Well hey at least we got a meme out of it
Now that this video stumbled on my page, I realize I haven't sen 5 gum in ages.
I always liked the gum, completely separate from the commercials. I just thought they were weird. I still chew it to this day in the car.
I liked the mango one
I remember in middle school you had to have 5 Gum. Not normal gum otherwise you were lame
The Pedro Pascal jumpscare was crazy haha, the amount of similarities is super cool.
I liked the truth or dare gimmick haha
slow start are you into men i would like to take u out on a date 😸
Lol I remember being in junior high and I was in the losers "clique", if you could call it that. Emo, nerds, outcasts, etc. All of us chewed 5 gum. Boys, girls, whatever. We were also making fun of axe body spray at the time. How ironic 😂
Don't you love when Mega corporations try to be relatable to the average man.
This gum was fire tho. I LOVED the flare and rain flavors. Miss em.
I mustve missed quite a lot cuz i only remember the old stuff. When i think 5 gum i think stimulate your senses
15:15 "RAZER" Of course. If any gaming company was going to be involved, it'd be Razer. Edit: Hadn't even though about how many times I'd seen Razer do something like that until just now. I just kind of assumed that was their gimmick.
I’m a gum chewer. I chew it everyday and always have some. 5 gum is crap cause it deteriorates in your mouth. Doesn’t hold up around heat. Best gum is Wriggleys.
I was 7 when this ad dropped and remember it to this very day. Ahhh what a great time to be alive. I miss Spider-Man 3 and Web Of Shadows and playing my Xbox 360 on my crappy 11inch crt at 240 2fps.
We decided to make Gum for a "Modern Audience"
Adderall been the only thing keeping the chewing gum industry afloat.
Bro you're banned 😂coming in there smacking into the mic like that, don't come back! Git, git!
Slow, your skill to turn a mundane topic into a compelling story is on full display yet again. The comedic green screen bits are simple, silly, and solid contribution to the video as a whole. I really appreciate that you have taken to filming yourself more and showing the delivery of your writing because out of everything, your writing is still my favorite. Sharp, witty, informative, and most importantly entertaining. You've done it again. Bravo.
showing me these old ads made me want to buy 5 gum
The hell, why does Pedro Pascal tell me about 5 gum
energy drinks are rich in B vitamins, the science behind gamer gum isn’t a lie and it’s insanely more healthy than consuming an energy drink for the purpose of gaming
How does following Andrew Tate give one status?
Oh no... I do chew gum when I game. I'd 100% buy gamer gum, lol. I chew it while gaming because I grind my teeth a lot when I'm playing FPS games.
how it chews to gum five feels
I never knew Pedro Pascal had a younger brother! Great vid :)
Lol me and all my high school friends bought this shit just cause the gum looked cool.
5 gum actually lasts a really long time.
5's marketing may be cringe nowadays, but god damn is their gum good. Nothing else comes close IMO.
At least Wrigley finally did make 5 Gun edgier again, throughout watching this video I kept thinking going from the teen-early 20s market of “Simulate Your Senses” to the gaming-focused “Heighten Your Senses” couldn’t be more natural for the brand in a way that keeps its very unique niche
I'm getting some serious "Matt McMuscles" vibes from this guy. Very good writing, while also being informative and funny as hell. Well done!
We were afraid to buy 5 gum as teenagers, because parents thought the packaging looked like a packaging for condoms. That was scary when parents found one in your pocket.
Why is Pedro Pascal talking about chewing gum?
COCAINE!
I‘ sitting here stoned watching Pedro Pascal talking about 5gum. The early days 5gum was really a blast but the packages got smaller and the prices went up.
5 gum's market share was basically destroyed by the popularity of vapes ngl
Maybe it's for the best they are low on ads now Some product ads get so annoying I avoid the thing out of spite
There actually is something to the whole chewing and thinking thing, idk all the ins and outs but it's a thing.
The watermelon flavour slapped lol
Oh ffs just give me something that tastes good and if I like it I'll buy it. And 5 isn't bad. Just the regular old "cobalt" flavor.
People still do the meme and they didn’t even capitalize on it. It would’ve been weird and bad but I still would’ve wanted to see it.
Restart the original ad style. I'd buy some but the brand is very tired
Pedro Paascal has a YT channel? Wooh!
I loved this guy in The Last of Us!
wait wait wait wait 04:14 is that Missandei (GoT)?
I feel like crazy marketing like this is marketing for products that WILL exist, in the future. Like how they always exaggerate the game trailers, and then 5-10 years later the game is like that. And now we have ChatGPT etc
Great video, man! Really intrigued by all your deep dives into advertising lore. Though uh... Like, hate to break it to you man, but regarding the whole "What gamers chew gum" thing... In most all friend groups, there's typically only one friend who either chews gum super loud, or who can't stand the noise of people chewing gum. And, as unfortunate as it is to say... I think you might just be both. 😅 (Also, like, singleplayer games would be a non-issue in both cases.)  But yeah, great video! Here's to the next one!
I've never had 5 gum before, but I grew up seeing those original commercials.  Other than the stimulate your senses meme a while back, I haven't seen anything of their marketing in a decade, and it baffles me how they'd just throw away such a recognizable marketing campaign.
Displate steals art. Don't accept their sponsorships.
completely unrelated, but yesterday I saw a video of a girl cutting herself out of her ballet shoes cuz apparently they gotta beat tf out of them to form and shape them to their feet, but the completely break sometimes i guess. but anyways this girl had like glued the wooden insole of her shoe together, and it reheated during their performance making her stuck in her shoes
How am i suppose to have my Doritos when im chewing gum
Not the gum chewing on discord with voice activity rather than push to talk 😭
nice video👍
Gum chewing's fine when it's once in a while It stops you from smoking and brightens your smile But it's repulsive, revolting and wrong Chewing and chewing all day long The way that a cow does  Oompa loompa doompety da Given good manners you will go far You will live in happiness too Like the Oompa Loompa Doompety do
It also doesn't help that 5 gum isn't as intense flavor wise as it was when it first came out, The peppermint was a punch in the mouth of mint flavor and now its like every other gum with a weak mint flavor. I moved back to Altoid mints for that intense mint flavor I came to enjoy in the 5 gum
The five commercials worked
1) Chewing gum is a stimming activity.  Can totally see how that goes along with gaming 2) No one with any sense chews that loud.
ironically, I feel like if they advertised like they did before, the internet would make fun of them, we're so cynical and jaded now that people would be like "lol, chill, dude, it's just gum" and then proceed to meme the hell out of it, but not like the old 5 Gum memes, something a bit more mean-spirited
It tasted so good tho
4:40 Looks like you're having fun
I'm sorry, but people who chew gum with their mouths open, need to be back handed.
Holy shit i didn't know pedro pascal had a youtube channel.
It just dont stimulate your senses no more
"Are you sure this is gonna help us sell more chewing gum?" "Gum?" 🤨
I haven't thought about 5 gum in years and now I really want a pack of Swerve. Thanks.
Back in high school I remember that as soon as you were spotted with gum or mints half the classroom would turn to you and strech their hand so you gave them a piece.  What a way to fumble the bag when there's still a market for it honestly.  Also makes sense to market to gamers but personally I don't like talking with gum in my mouth and the popular games are big with voice chat and friends and whatnot.
I hold nostalgia for the old 5 Gum commercials, they stand out in such a wonderful way! The new ones continue to go and show that corporate meddling ruins everything good.
Curse you. That outro was truly a 10 over 10. It really hit the spot. I rarely see one that slaps so well
"Don't Beat Your Wife Every Night. Chew Wrigley's"
these commercials just look like the the Toa Inika commercial
The thing about them was that everyone knew the commercials and ads but hardly anyone ever actually bought the gum. It was kind of a living meme to be appreciated from a distance.
I don't think I've been as interested in gum as I have been since watching this video 👍
Virgin 5 Gum  *Chad Big League Chew*
"who's funding this" reminds me of Aperture Science
Guys chew 5 gum and just be like "hell yeah"
I actually really like 5 cobalt. My favorite daily chewing gum. Buy it in bulk.
gum is that one thing that you get from time to time at the checkout at a store because you're bored. the only time i really went out of my way to buy gum was after i quit vaping and replaced it with gum, and the costco packs man ...
Dangit, now I'm craving 5gum. I used to chew it all the time in late high school/early college before swapping to Mentos gum. The weird thing is, gum _does_ help me focus. I cannot for the life of me tell you why, but I am able to better solve problems when I'm chewing something. And since 5gum was sugar-free, and thus better for my teeth, it was all net positives.  The only thing that made Mentos win out in the end was that it stays fresher if I buy in bulk since all the gum is sealed in candy coating instead of paper and plastic.
love the 'stache (also good video)
I don't know how it is in other places, but I rarely see anyone chewing gum anymore -- and I think that's a good thing.  I hate gum & I cant stand gum-chewers.  They bother me.  I get the feeling gum is less popular than it used to be. It's not good for you:  Either you're chewing sugared gum -- which will rot your teeth; or you're chewing some estrogenic artificial chemical corn syrup saccharine gum which is bad for every other part of you.
This was a good in depth deep dive of the history of five gum. I always wondered why I don't see them in stores anymore. I really hope they go back to how it feels to chew 5 gum.
I can honestly say I've never bought gum because of an ad. I bought 5 gum once and that was before I'd ever seen an ad for it and never bought it again. Trident was always better.
I remember when 5 came out, everyone at school knew about it. Was weird.
For me the best question about the old commercials was: “who funds this?”
Pfff i was 6 yo my First gum ever
That discord call was so great! :D
I actually never saw 5 gum commercials at all when I was a kid. I just happened to see it in stores.
And It was good
that chewing earrape.....was ROUGH...rofl and also...in all seriousness...WRIGLEY GIVE THIS MAN A JOB I don't even chew gum anymore but i'll admit those old commercials were sick
Found respawn at circle k in the candy isle, I didn’t know the change and the Razer connection…I feel so dumb now XD
I chew gum while gaming to avoid snacking.  lol AND WHO CHEWS GUM LIKE THAT ANYWAY??  My gum chewing is almost silent and doesn't trigger discord.
Chewing gum during gaming would likely be way easier than eating chips or drinking soda, both of which require use of your hands which takes them off the keyboard/mouse (or controller for the pretend gamers)... I could see it working. And anyone who smacks their lips while chewing gum... needs to learn how to chew gum. That's not how it is done.
Wrigley take notes.
…….I chew gum while I game…….. like 1 pack every hour……
9:46 Is that xQc Lmao
I completely forgot about where the song from 5:46 came from
Another bites the dust.
I miss when 5 was so silly and bombastic, i agree with what you said about the wholesome ads. It just felt like that one Steve Buscemi meme of "how do you do fellow kids"
5 gum is pretty much nonexistant in the uk now, which is a shame because i genunley liked the taste of flare and swerve, flavours with no easy analogue in other brands, I can't find a tropical or cinnamon gum now and it sucks, everything is spearmint or peppermint, which is ok, but it's not what I really want
The “find near me” on their website just lists various Circle K (gas station/convenience store) locations and says “call for stock” so uhhh thanks, 5Gum, I’ll get right on that.
Those OG ads had some real creative passion behind them, and I feel that's part of the reason it succeeded. People can tell when they're being cheaply pandered to. Those shorts were mysterious, engaging and just neat. You felt like you were watching a 5 Gum sponsored short film rather than a 5 Gum ad. In other words, the executives let the creative minds cook and they made a banger meal.
“Axe body spray of gum” is a perfect description lmao. I was thinking monster energy or Amp of gum lmao
it's great to see pablo pascal making youtube videos.
I literally only ever heard of the gum due to the meme years ago. Small town non American here, could be why.
just so we're all on the same page, those old 5 GUM ads were also part of a huge ARG called the human preservation project
this truly is how it feels to chew 5 gum
They should've just stuck to their flavor approach. It's why 5 is my favorite gum brand, and the only competition was trident senses back when it actually used to last practically forever. Anyone can sell you a "hip and trendy" product, but can anyone sell you the tastiest gum you've ever chewed?
"How do you supposed to know what "Swerve" tastes like?" is literally the Sound designer question, seen from a whole different angle and its honestly genius.
Gum or not, chewing with your mouth open in voice makes you a monster.
Mom i wanna meet pedro pascal.   we have pedro pascal at home.  Pedro pascal at home:
Fantastic Video.
Die ganzen Druffis halten die Kaugummibranche am Leben JeR
I don't buy chewing gum, ever, but it'd prefer the old 5gum to the new one. Aperture Science-Esque experiences for the win
16:50  i like to chew gum when im playing competitive games, helps me problem solve and stay locked in.
A funny truth, a small intake of sugar and/or chewing gum does improve test scores. The sugar is researched backed and kind of obvious, but the gum is something a professor swore he helped in a study prove reduced stress and help focus (at the cost of others focus listening to you chomp away). Unless Take 5 got to him, Proff Greenberg =Wriggley plant confirmed!?
I used to eat 5 gum so much but now it’s dentyne fire cinnamon gum.
okay i mean when you were smacking your lips in that discord call you clearly were barely getting any feedback from Discord's automatic noise cancelling so you actually had to intentionally chew louder and get closer to your microphone. I know it's just a joke but you used it as both a joke, and a defending argument so it deserves to be poked at.   I know you wont reply to this because it conflicts your argument, but I also think the RESPAWN gum is kinda neat, as the good little consumer that i am, I quit a 6 year nicotine streak for my health about 2 years ago and chewing gum while I HARDCORE GAME really helps curb that craving. I stay a reasonable distance from my AT2020 and I've even asked my friends and they don't hear anything (allegedly)  Bad point, do better. Five gum for life. I'm cool, you're not.
Only memes to me "how it feels to chew 5 gum"
5 gum broke down into a weird goo after awhile it was weird af
I didn't know Pedro Pascal made YouTube videos 😮
nice vid, keep it up!
This is cancer
damn, that editing and motion graphics are impressive for a channel this size
Well that was an excellent video. Going to buy some gum now
The no regrets campaign was just awful and seems like something a Pepsi employee would do.
I’m convinced the marketing department just did madlibs for all of their signs.  “All right guys we have a verb ending with ‘ing’, 2 nouns, another verb, and finally another noun. Let’s see Steve’s suggestions on the board.”  “Ever try (SWINGING) a (CAST IRON SKILLET) at a (WATERMELON) while (DOING THE SALSA) in a (NIGHTGOWN)?”  “…It’s perfect! Send it out!”
5 gum isn’t being discontinued in Australia. It was already discontinued a few years ago, but they brought it back after enough people asked for it
17:33 this isn't a proof just an over the top portrayal.
I worked 20+ years at wrigley in Georgia....It was an amazing company to work for until MARS bought them out. Im so glad im not there anymore
1:37 immediately made me think of this https://youtu.be/4eb5sNjhItw?si=2GyrwtHl33AU_MEG
When an exec at Wrigley is wondering why there is a bump in sales and finds this video 😁
5 gum; stimulate your ferrets
I can definitely tell that the advertising campaigns after the original were a failure because I literally did not know they had other advertising campaigns/rebrands until watching this video
freaking just get comfy and lay down first time watching and i hate watching ads bruh thumbs down for displate
Walmart Pedro pascal
Walmart Pedro Pascal
I just liked their watermelon flavour. Still do to be honest. Haven't had any in a long time now that I got told I'd wear braces for the rest of my life.😅
who the fuck chews like in the example vc channel joke or not they'd would be destroyed by dick sucking puns the moment "my jaw is tired"
Shoutout to OSRS
you sound like a Keebler Elf
5 died to me when they got rid of Flare...
i didn't even know 5gum was real until now
5 gum and old spice have the best advertisements
5gum was so crazy back in the day. i still love it to this day. watermelon was my favorite
Honestly really enjoyed the truth or dare packaging
“How it feels to chew 5 gum” has been ingrained into my head for years, but it’s only now that I’m realizing I cannot remember the last time I actually saw an ad that said that
Every "cool" boy in middle school 2009 had a drawstring bag containing 4 items: 1 notebook with paper strands clogging the coil, a mechanical pencil, a can of axe body spray, and a pack of 5 gum
How to destroy your brand-image? Just go woke! Look what happened to BudLight...
1:48 - OMG, I remember thinking exactly that! I literally said "what's this supposed to be, Axe Gum?" Like... "You like Axe 'scent;'  this mean you like 5 'flavor!' You buy 5 gum!"
lol i remember seeing the first ad as a kid (dude laying on vibrating ball thingies).. I WAS SO CONFUSED... didnt know what that even was supposed to be... BUT I WAS HYPED. I WANTED THAT. imagin my disappointment when i found out it was chewing gum xD
I've never had 5 gum. All I know is the memes.
it should've just become a meme brand like all i know about 5 gum is that it was a meme in the 2010s
They definitely need to do some puplic advertisement release of some people entering this large abandoned run-down facility where they uncover the original locations for the 5 Gum advertisements, like the giant room where there's loads of fans on the floor, the room where you can be strapped up to wires (for some reason?) and they enter the rooms and the rooms finally "boot up" again for the first time in years. It's like a place lost to time being uncovered again, it would be cool and also funny, and MIGHT work to get publicity by making people remember the old days of 5 Gum.
You look like younger Pedro Pascal xD
Never heard of your channel.  Loved the video! Just subscribed.  Please don't chew gum in my ear again
Green tea extract is just caffeine though????
Mints have a huge advantage over gum in that when you are done with a mint you just eat it while gum needs to be disposed
after watching this i might get a pack
Corporations have no idea how to market without exploiting people.
I didn't notice it's drop off until I got a craving for it and couldn't find int anywhere. It seems to have been discontinued in the UK but with no announcement as searching online just results in a few years of people going "What happened to 5 gum?"
To be fair, chewing gum suposedly helps with motion sickness while gaming. If people were more aware of this maybe it could have been an interesting marketing angle
Them showing how a guy chews gum before jumping into a swimming pool makes me feel the advertisers had never swum in their lives.
rovazzi
Would imagine the rise of vaping also played a big role, don't need a breath mint if you're smoking 'strawberry candyfloss'
I don‘t know… They spawned a lot of funny ass meme clips :D So there‘s that
Lol 5gum still exist?
Five gum, how to go from a dude marketing weird stuff, to a woman trying to make it seem valid. Nah
thank you it make me cri
17:36 ... Who eats gum with their mouth open?
You need to lean into the "Great Value Pedro Pascal" thing, it will only make you more popular.  Like, call yourself that in your intro.
I still only chew 5 gum to this day.
razer is as shameless as wrigleys...
don';t make me feel bad about being scared to do my ballet recital, start dancing and understand the brutality, sir. Don't be so judgemental
FIVE IN MY COUNTRY IS COMPLETLY DIFFRENT WHAT?!
Zing was the best flavor! It tasted like sour bubble gum!
I love how marketing to gamers is somehow like committing a warcrime in the marketing world.
Damn bro, you’re younger than I am but know the shit I grew up with- better than me O.O 🙏 *smack*
That first ad got me to try it but my disappointment of it just being gum was a failure for me. I had strong doubts that it was laced with something interesting but corporations have done shadier things to sell stuff.
So out of touch this was all going on I didn't even realize the only gum I like about kicked the bucket lol.
5 Gum Flare was the best gum I have ever eaten and it destroyed me when they discontinued it
Honestly, I'm happy that gum is behind us as a common cultural phenomenon. I haven't had the displeasure of accidentally touching a mountain of old gum clinging to the bottom of a table or similar surface in a while.
They should have just leaned into the memes. I still remember one vid that had a guy full sprint through a door.   And they edited it into a 5 gum style ad  "How it feels to chew 5 gum"  cut to guy sprinting through door and falling "Stimulate your senses" end ad.
Have you done voice acting work? You sound really really familiar to some nerdy characters I cannot recall
Im not sure why but 5 gum always felt like it lasted longer than any other wrigley brand
Where'd you find that marketing presentation? It rules and I can't find it anywhere.
Honestly all the how it feels to chew 5 gum memes around are way better marketing than whatever else they've done afterwards.
5 got me to quit dipping and chewing gum. Giant headache just thinking about chewing it.
Stimulate your senses.
I will say one thing for 5 gum, it did deliver on having a more intense flavour. And aroma. You could open a pack of cobalt in a car and within seconds your eyes would be watering a little at how strong it was.
To be fair… chew any gum for +2 perception but -1 charisma unless you give gum away.
Those early commercials are ingrained into my brain 20 years later.   Insane that they changed the brand so much.
"Engagement was... poor" *2.5k views, 1 comment over 7 years*
A big reason gum sales have dwndled in the average day is its banned in almost every store that sells it, its banned across multiple government properties and public properties and private businesses. Surprised they didn't just lobby it. I hate it because people willing to choose gum over half are willing to spit it out anywhere other than a trash can or a street. Its pretty often to see it embedded in the wax of grocery stores from customers. Its easy to hate.
I’m 27 and female. My entire high school years were filled with nothing but 5 gum and it’s still the only brand I’ll consume. It had the best long lasting flavor, and as someone who would forget I was chewing it which meant I’d have the same piece of gum in my mouth for 8+hours sometimes, this was important lol. It was also the least likely to break apart in my mouth over time like some did. Let me tell you, nothing was more disgusting than a piece of orbit gum disintegrating in your mouth. It got so gritty and bitter…*shivers*
The life happens in 5 was ok bit everything after that was just weird
13:39 that is amazeing im gonna go buy some  right now lol long may the chaos continue lol
If someone brought these in my middle school, everyone would rush to ask for one gum, emptying the box... Always
How it feels to buy 5 gum: You see the cool ad and want to try it out. You try it, it sucks, you never buy it again. As good as the original ads were, they were *way* too good for the actual product they were selling.
I'm surprised you didn't mention the stupid "how it feels to chew 5 Gum" meme.
5 gum should make there own waifus sort of like gamersupps
And now we have PRIME to give the kiddies that attention they so desperately seek🤦
There's something very dystopian about 5 gum pivoting from ad campaign to ad campaign. It really pulls down the curtain on the identity of products and reveals these ads as nothing but out of touch businessmen try desperately to do anything to make you give them your money.
Ok. So I have actually chewed a whole pack of 5 gum while gaming. No I don’t have a problem I swear.
'modern millennials'? As opposed to those old timey millennials from 1020?
I gamed with gum. But you can't smack like that
Oh god the chewing sound in VC is PURE. TORTURE. when you have misophonia or hyperacusis.
lmao that discord call was hilarious
Thanks Pedro
Did i just watch a documentary about gum smh😂😂
Maybe they should think about making gum that doesn’t suck lmao
"How it feels to chew 5 gum" has been a persistent meme for years, I have no idea why they just don't go back to what they used to do but make it even more ridiculous to lean into the meme. Not to mention that it has been about 15 years now so they could actually tap into the nostaliga factor.
The only thing stopping me from buying gum is the ridiculous price tag on a pack of flavored pieces of rubber. The flavor doesn't even last 20 minutes.
10:07 ah yes the ever infamous "how do you do, fellow young people?"
Anyone that thinks a colourful powdered drink full of sugar or a chewing gum can improve gaming is already sucked into the matrix,nothing can improve gaming other than practice,practice,practice,just like anything it takes time and hard work...not sugar.
hello new iDubbbz nice content, much appreciated, many cringe
K-mart Pedro Pascal?
Breath mints provide the same benefits as gum but you don't have to worry about swallowing it or where and how to spit it out without causing a sticky mess. They also often come in interesting and reusable packages.
Why is Pedro Pascal from wish running this youtube channel?
Starting my morning with the cop from Narcos teaching me about a long lost gum brand, nice!
I’m glad I actually caught this the first day of release. But you skipped a marketing thing they did. They did an ARG for a little over a year where you were a ‘test subject’ … one of the things they had you do while playing it was take a picture of your face. Needs less to say, a few weeks later I received a mysterious package in the mail. I forgot I even did that thing, but it was a packet of papers, (which I don’t have anymore) and a badge that said Test subject #number here, it had my picture on it, it looked legit af. I still have the badge, I never finished the game though, so I don’t know where it ended up.
What is with that porn stash? Are you 14?  xD
You’re literally so funny like you’re going to rise high up soon just wait!!
ah yes, because women and little girls can't eat gum. our teeth are so coquette they rot at the thought of chewing anything. knowing it's so misogynystic makes me happy i missed out on them
I' don't think I've heard of 5 Gum before...
Sounds like they failed when they went away from the core demo that the originally captured. Just like many companies in the late 2010. Probably an ESG push within the company, like with many others.
I always wondered what ever happened to 5 Chew Gum
I’ve had the Respawn gum before and thought it tasted…okay. Definitely need to cram a pack before my next hardcore Pokémon Sleep sesh.
Its so weird that you didnt mention the "this is how it feels to chew 5gum" memes even once
They literally have the IP to a meme and don’t use it anymore.
i chew gum while gaming, but thats just because i sometimes chew on my tongue
Basically 5 gum had an identity crisis...
16:50 I do I chew gum when I do sim racing because when I would get stressed from doing 5 hours of racing in a row or I was trying to concentrate I would bite the inside of my cheek and it would get quite sore gum stopped it and helped me brake the habit and now its become part of my ritual a pack of gum and a can of monster when I sit down for sessions
5 Rain was my favorite gum ever. Haven't bought any gum in a few years. If i were to buy now, it's still 5 rain for me lol
Idubbs but good
I love gum. I had no idea about the later adverts. I do remember the dramatic commercials, which I actually liked. As a gum lover, and a gamer, I do admit it has never crossed my mind to do those at the same time. Usually I am popping in a gum before leaving the house. 5 Sour Strawberry is tasty. Thanks for the video. The editing is funny.
5 gum, Tag, Axe, etc. 🫡
I kind of liked the "Life happens in 5" idea- if they actually utilized it in more relatable ways (age appropriate actors, more relatable scenarios, etc) it could leave a lasting impression just like "How it feels to chew 5 gum".
the best marketing campaign for 5gum are those memes where people hurt themselves or something weird happens
Gum’s gotten expensive, from my perspective at least.    Juicy Fruit’s where it’s *at!* I’d like to try other options, but… (Reread the first part of this comment)
The only people I know who chew gum while gaming are me and a guy I used to play with because we both have adhd so we need to do something while we play. We have both wrecked our jaws and never bought 5 lmao
Dude. Awesome production, you should have more subs.
for the gum and discord thing all you need to do is use push to talk and its fine
The first rebrand was essentially mentos
The ending 🔥✍
Subscribed. Awesome content dude!!!!
I heard that goddamn Mario Strikers music...
i always liked their commercials but i never tried the gum.
At this point they may as well make a sex gum for the coomer market
I tried 5 Gum back in the day, but the flavors of their gum faded way too quick, so I found one of their competitors to last much longer & stuck to that...
5gum ads are just things that boys will look at and say "hell yeah"
I might've missed it, but where's the "How it feels to chew 5 gum" ? Have you seen the edits? It's a lot of rekt, usually. From simple stuff like folks smacking heads against something solid and dudes in a car full of combustible gas setting it on fire and being surprised as it fireballs and they burn in it - to potentially something far worse. To a darkly humorous effect, of course. Yikes.  Edit: Good lord, it was one of those early ones. I think it was around the time I began to give up TV - before the corpos brought TV to the net, that is.
Can you do a video on Stride gum, what it used to be in the 2010's and what it's changed to today.
Go woke, go broke lol.
Holy shit this dude is a discount predro pascal
I always chew gum while gaming, not 5 gum but normal one, and I find it soothing
Ngl I’ve never payed attention to what gum I bought. Just grabbed a random one that had the flavor I wanted. Didn’t realize this went so far lol.
Took me until this video that the meme "This is what it feels like to chew 5 gum" wasn't about someone just literally stuffing five pieces of gum in their mouth and struggling because it was nearly unchewable. Which I did relate to because I've done that, and therefore thought "Oh so other people did it too, huh"
I got alot of gum from middle school boys in the 2000s and the axe was strong on them
thats how it feels to chew five gum
how it chews to gum five feels gum gum
I like how "gamer" usually translates to black and neon green in corporate designers mind
Man whenever the company starts making nearly PSA type ads it just turns out so bad. Even worse when they go "woke"
Personally i thought the ads were great. And the gum wasn't bad either.
I chew gum while gaming and on Discord, and no one has noticed... You're exaggerating the chewing quite a bit...
How it feels to chew 5 gum..  SAW footage Eye Lazer..    Stimulate your senses.
Are you Pedro Pascal's Son?
That explains why I haven't heard about them in a while
I remember chewing the respawn one when I was tryna quit vaping it was fine
All they need to do is bring back the "This is how it feels to chew 5gum"
Obviously used same ad company as bud light, useless poor ad design and typical virtue signaling. Funny as I ve be a gum chewer for over 50years.
This video was a better ad for 5 gum than any of their ads over the last 15 years.
ngl the life happens in 5 ads made me anxious to watch
what a scam, you chew them for a few hours and they stop tasting of anything - just like any other chewing gum
5 Gum tried to pull Harley Davidson marketing but forgot that gum can't really translate to a lifestyle to masses. The closes a food item got to being this is RedBull (adrenaline sports) and even they have their boomer ads still up, or Monster being The Gamer Drink(R).  And going for gaming was just desperate attemt at riding the trends. Monster was targeting gamers before games were considered cool. 5 was a novelty and when that wore off it became just another gum by the cash registers.
i bought this all the time in back in high school
The early campaign was so iconic, I was unironically waiting for the video of  'how it feels to chew 5 gum', followed by the guy jumping through the door 😂 like it was a real ad
I'm just sitting here wondering if this was ever released outside usa because I have no memory of these products or the ads.
What was more over the top? 5 Gums "How it feels to chew 5 Gum" or Fisherman's Friends "If they're too (...), then you're too (...)"?
we dont gank top at all actually so gum makes no difference.
In 2010 they had one flavor, i cant remember the name, but the gum itself (unpackaged) was a purplish color. It was a fruity flavor. I LOVED it. It was my fav gum. A few years later, it was gone. I still have an existential crisis everytime im in a store and see the 5 gum and dont see it there. BRING IT BACK DAMMIT!😂
I’ve only ever known 5 gum as a joke from the meme so it’s so odd to hear about it like this
As an adult I can see usage of chewing gum only in 3 cases: 1. Trying to drive without getting a sleep on the wheel. 2. Air travel. 3. Quiting smoking.
If you normally chew gum that loudly and smack your lips that hard without it being a joke you should be locked in the 5 gum testing facility for the rest of your life
I still buy the cobalt stuff. Not because of marketing, but it's got the best flavor, and it lasts a long time.   I think the marketing did start me buying it back in the middle school era, though.
MJ chewed gum and balled out.   Proof
How it chews to feel 5 gum
tbh i do eat gum while gaming... but you goto be trying real hard to get past discords noise cancellation like that... and eating chips is much worse
oh yea...i never see them in stores anymore, was wondering what happened to them
I have never seen one of these ads in my country. However, I just played Hoi IV and I am chewing bubble-gum xD.
I feel like you could make a supercut of these 5 gum commercials and put a TOOL song over it and it would slap
18:51 it’s ok mr slow start I was clenching my fists so hard until you apologized so it’s ok now mr slow start
5 originally: "Transport your brain into an alternate reality of sensory overload" Solid. It works. I want to feel like I'm in a dark grey bunker being blasted with superchilled air, especially when it's summer and I hate summer.  5 later: "Sneak out and catch yourself an STI." Because that's what gum should be equated to: genital diseases, teen pregnancy, establishing addictions during your formative years, and ultimately just trying to live life like a lame coming-of-age pot comedy.  5 even later: "Old people have issues, too. Buy our gum." I guess "No Regurts" is now more applicable to old people than to teens getting those cringe tattoos.  5 even even later: "GUM: IT'S WHAT GAMES ARE MADE OF / GUM. GAME. IT SOUNDS ALIKE." To be fair, I think connecting gum with video games makes sense, given 99% of video games produced after 2015 feel like they're held together by shoestrings and chewed gum. They should make flavors called "Release Patches," "SoonTM," "MMO Fatigue," "FPS Title," "Nintendo Exclusive," "Retro Handheld," "Rushed Development," "Development Hell," "Why do we still have classes in RPGs?," "Dated Sci-Fi Designs," "Another Race of Elf," "Microsoft Bought Out More," and so on. The possibilities are endless.
I stopped buying 5 gum when it became harder to find in stores. I won't buy it online, because chewing gum isn't worth paying to ship and it's not really a product i plan to buy ahead of time. All the marketing does fuck all if i can't find the product for a price I'm willing to pay. Wrigley played themselves.
My mom had a job where she used to get tons of promotional products and I remember her coming home with large multiple boxes of five gum in every flavor. We had so much of it eventually I just got sick just by the thought of it. But needless to say I was pretty popular at school lol.
The Tate comment was funny, but business analysis man you do realize that axe body spay was an attempt to get men to wear perfume. More feminization of the male gender. 😂😂😂😂😂😂
"Mooom, 5 Gum is stimulating my senses again!"
Let’s be real if the 5 gum commercial team made maze runner it would have been even cooler
Carrying regrets to the grave is totally X-TREME and way past COOL! I can't wait to get LIT with 5 Gum FAM! 😎😎
Best video I've seen in ages. Thanks
i just click on this video because yungblud was in the thumbnail and he was only in for 5 Frames in this video to see. now i feel scammed
You look like the mandalorian 😇
Solid closing statement
Missed opportunity to title it "How it feels to ruin your brand image"
I forgot about that god aweful rgb facemask
Hey i LOVE the fact they picked spicy nacho for him!! It made me chuckle at my job putting them out
I used to eat 5 gum all the time but then i grew up and as an adult i couldnt afford to just eat candy especially chew gum. My friends were the same. Idk why young kids didnt take over and start buying gum but thats why i stopped
excellent watch great pace with dopaminergic editing style
As an Australian who was slightly too young to be their target audience, I've literally never heard of this brand before
Memes. Memes annihilated the 5 ads.
Didn't know pedro pascal had a youtube channel
temu pedro pascal
Christ are you Pedro Pascal’s son?
They have so many fucking brands, why didn't they try all this shit on one of their older properties rather than uprooting the successful 5 campaign they launched with?
Well at least they stayed away from the online polls.
All I remember is wanting to be in tub of vibrating ball bearings so bad 😢
tried the gum back when it came out. it was meh .
NGL, the whole "chewing gum on a discord call" thing you tried to do, missed it's mark... It's quite obvious you were probably trying to chew as loud and obnoxious as possible to prove a point, and it's unrealistic. It sounds like a cliche Hollywood mean girl in high school who's chewing gum to specifically be rude, than it does anybody who actually chews gum
5 Gum = Cool
16:47 csgo pro player xseveN did
+The industry is dying because they started putting Aspertame in the gum. not just one or two, but all the gum. Aspartame should be illegal anyways.  two simple reductions and aspartame turns into methamphetamine
I literally haven’t thought of 5 gum in YEARS.  And the only ad I can remember is the “Stimulate your senses” ad  Mostly because of the memes though
Those 5 gum commercials are the equivalent of actual methamphetamine
I always had to do a double take back then cause the packaging looks like condoms.
"They stole our customers" yeah not how I'd phrase that lol, also I hate to break it to wrigleys but kids didnt like 5 gum cus it was "good" gum (using the term good very loosely here) its cus we used to hide weed joints in the pack lol...same with the altoids tin and the m&m minis container.
I only really ever bought gum when I smoked cigs, maybe they should team up with RJ Reynolds.
I actually got some of this gum as a 'gift' with a razer purchase I made. It also came with a lanyard. I still use the lanyard, and I don't remember what else I bought. It was okay, just your average gum, nothing I'd ever intentionally buy :p
In my opinion teens dont want to see teens in commercials, theybwant to be adults
Best gum ever and great video wow everting great here !
During the time it was definitely less about flavor and more about the angle. Everyone wanted to have something strange and cool. Like the cubes, mints, sheets. Anything other than just gum gum
Context: I’m Aussie. I always wondered what happened to five gum. I distinctly remember all the ‘stimulate your senses’ ads when I was a kid, and I really liked the gum. Was my second favourite brand. I never realised that it had faded away until I think early/mid 2021 I heard it was making a comeback, or something. I’m not sure, as I still hardly ever see it.
16:48 It is me. I chew gum while gaming. I take all 25 gums from package and you will not stop me. When I am talking I take gum out, because of its volume.   Anyway I have never had 5gum, just because I did not live in place where it was distributed, but anyway I think packs would be too small for me.   I am the person who buys out all gums in shop and only because of me this industry lives.
regardless of what the marketing team aimed for. it was kinda just a great gum good design, good taste, insanely over-the-top ads, which made it honestly exciting to see an ad for it. 5/5 would chew again
This was an interesting video about something I've never thought about outside of memes.
The hype behind 5 Gum was crazy back in the day when a new flavor came out it was the talking point in school but after some time nobody seemed to care anymore and mostly 5 was always really expensive compared to other gums
Never forget 5 gum’s best ad the billboard in web of shadows lmao
Boy, this brings me back... I remember when I was a kid in the late 2000s, I'd buy the gum religiously and tried to collect all the packages. I didn't even care that much for the gum, I just loved the ads and how cool the packages looked lol
This whole video was a set up for that final line lol
I just think 5Gum tastes disgusting and chews to soft. I prefer thougher gums that does not taste like artificial plastic taste. I liked the Wrigleys classics, they had a realy cool vintage design and tasted guiet neat.
they should've double down on the abstractness, like i wouldn't watch an ad about family but if you show me some guy starving to death during a blizzard on a mountain and zoom in to see he's in the matrix, now that's brain capturing
5 gum feels like something made by Tom in parks and rec
it's like when the T-1000 falls into the molten steel and cycles thru all the forms it's taken while desperately flailing
5 was the cool gum, everyone in my school liked it just by the branding. It was up their with axe, doritos, and  monster energy as the cool products.
Hanging a picture is extremely easy my friend you should uh. never mind
Give him the English degree, that final line was masterful
I think Sierra Mist's similar "Yeah, it's kind of like that." campaign predated 5 Gum's commercials by a couple of years.
Chewing gum is not cool anymore because today's 15 year olds don't have the time, money and need for it since they vape the sh*t out of their lungs with these new disposable E-Vapes
It's crazy how much marketting affects product viability. I saw the adds as a kid, sure, they were cool, but you know what was cooler? Gum that came from a sleek black box and inside was a shiny wrapper, and it was a _big_ long strip rather than just a small pill shaped thing. Made it feel luxury. And the gum itself? Genuinely some of the best flavours. It wasn't just mint or different mint like other gums, or that awkward artificial fruit flavour, it genuinely tasted pretty good.  I had stopped watching TV right when the marketting changed. I was unaware they dropped Stimulate Your Senses. And gotta say, I like the red one. All this other marketting nonsense is just noise that doesn't seem to make sense to me. I buy gum when I have a breath issue, ads aren't going to change that, brand deals aren't going to change that. Sell the flavour I like and you'll get my money.  Though, as an Australian, this does explain why I've stopped seeing it. The marketting has just failed for completely arbitrary reasons.
yo, a whole lot of pros chew gums during matches in quite a lot of diffrent e-sports.. i think your "bad ending" had too much focus on "do those gums actually help you game better" instead of "so many pro's are chewing gum, why do they do so and what did [respawn] do wrong to capture that audience".. and then "gamers eat doritos" is borderline insulting! what serious gamer wants dorito crumbs, fat and red food color cumbs all over the keyboard / mouse / controller!!!! but.. for real. chewing gum is a thing for e-sports pors and there are several brands that tried to tap into that market already.. exept from that "respawn gum" part your video was great.
I only remembered the "life happens in 5" campaign after you brought it up in the video.  I was completely unaware of the others except obviously their original ads.  Not sure if the original slogan was sustainable though.  I tried 5 gum and the flavors weren't unique or more intense than other gum brands.
That thign with discord, just enable krisp and that problem is gone lol
Who ever told corporations that young people care about social topics was heavily shorting their stock.
i cant comment anymore due to youtube restrictions, what is going on? why does everything i say get deleted?
I doubt that most marketing teams have any idea wtf they're even doing, like 90% of the time. They just kinda try something and sometimes it works, but most times it doesn't.
great video, great channel
great video, great channel
so you had to deactivate noise suppression and chew the gum in a way no one does to “prove” your point? lol
it has no sugar...it goes into the bin...bye
Who else in the comments doesn't chew gum because they know it's just made of who else in the comments doesn't chew gum because they know it's just made of plastic?
5gum came out about the time i went to ranger school, and i chose that as my allowed gum in the packing list. I regreted buying that crap instantly
I liked 5 gum cuz its packaging always managed to survive my cargo pockets during a field op when I was a dumb boot in 2016. I mean Hubba Bubba probably had the most durable packaging, but I would have probably gotten my soul hazed outta me for whipping out a bright pink roll of bubble tape instead of a can of Copenhagen.
"Have you ever drank Baileys from a shoe? This is what it's like to chew Five Gum"
Ok the Gum and gaming part is a bit over exaggerated lol. Like maybe I can see if you're live with friends and you're chewing that loud. But really if you're not live playing with friends I don't see what the problem is. You can pretty much chew gum any were. Only time it would be weird is if you're taking a bath or trying to sleep with gum in your mouth. Which was a bad idea for me as a kid because my hair was stuck to a pillow that night and my dad had to cut it. lol
Man this video sure stimulated my senses
Lmao I remember those stupid original ads
Just wait until they find the looksmaxxing/jawline angle
I will admit while it's 100% not the gum that helps focus. I chew gumballs while gaming and not using or on a mic but only because I have anxiety and not because it helps with my focus. I feel like the 5 gamer branding is dumb and literally any type of candy or gum can replace it. I have been a bit more collective when I am not anxious. It's definitely not for everyone.
I feel like I never actually saw anyone with 5 Gum growing up. I don't know if we just don't like gum as much in the UK or if people just preferred Wriglies strips and weren't as obnoxious about it.
Early version of go woke go broke.
Admittedly, after they moved on from "How it Feels to Chew 5 Gum", I...don't recall ever actually seeing any of their ads beyond that point.  What 5 really should do is go back to their roots, as you said, but also aim for the modern market. Make a product that you can chew on when you need the focus. Make gum that has a mild amount of caffeine, vitamins, and minerals, but also with a flavor that can be tasted THROUGH the act of focusing. (Like how sometimes when we're so focused on a thing we automatically eat without tasting, avoid making a flavor that can be drowned out through focus)  Make the old, good ads again, with a gaming twist. Guy in a racing chair chewing a cool, sharp mint flavor as he hits breakneck turns. Fancy puzzle game player having a citrus flavor as they manipulate a cool holographic sphere puzzle around them. Show off a spicy flavor by having a shooter player sliding past explosions off a cliff.
i never ever tried that gum because i did not want to catch aides
How it gum to chew 5 feels Gum gum Sense ur stimulate
Damn i thought he was pedro pascal
Chewing 5 Gum feels like getting mugged
That discord call section was genuinely horrible
I frequently chew gum whilst gaming… then again I play single player games so it doesn’t bother people but that lip smacking was ridiculous…
It absolutely worked on me and everyone else at my middle school when it first came out. It was almost cool to have over other gum and I definitely thought it gave me a headrush the first time I tried it
Jesus christ your "smacking lips discord call" made me physically angry because NOBODY CHEWS GUM LIKE THAT! You were purposefully hamming it up for your vid. Anyone I've seen chew gum does it mouth closed even if they normally open mouth chew  Other than that God forsaken moment which still haunts my ears. Great video
Hahahha
Anyone else think he looks like Pedro Pascal just a little bit
Second video: how to completely annihilste your brand image".  By making a trans the mascott of a beer company aimed at blue collar working class straight men.
5 is the axe spray of gum.
They could have made a lil short movie with a whole backstory with those visuals, they fumbled the bag fr.
Maybe Wrigleys could try and cash in on the fact that mny of their original customers are getting old enough to feel a sense of nostalgia about the old 5 gum?
Who thinks this deeply into chewing gum and who buys it.  Marketing and its practitioners get too weird with this stuff.
Those 5 Gum original commercials were great. Lead to so many memes.  " How it feels to chew 5 Gum ..." 😂 I actually used to buy 5 Gum when I was younger because they had unique flavours. Now I just buy Orbit, which is still Wriggleys so I guess they didn't lose a customer either way. But I do miss 5.
Bro at 17:57 got a mustache connected to his sideburns. What the heck is that
Hey! Stop looking like Pedro Pascal right now or there will be consequences 🧚‍♀️
College era Pedro Pascal ?!
Have they tried using hot chicks to sell gum?
The status crap was dumb but at least the spearmint equivalent was pretty good and long lasting. Pretty pricey for what it was but most gum sold at a cash register is.
I’m not gonna watch a 20 minute video about gum. Lol. Channel blocked.
I eat bubblegum way to quickly and get a bad stomach but 5gum pulse was the first one that I just enjoyed like a good cigar cause it just cooled ur throat down like nothing and the taste was decent not to sweet. I thought they just feel of the earth
Thank you Pedro Pascal
how it chews to gum five feels
I agree with young Howard Moon
Honestly, it's pretty simple for me. They had a flavor I really liked, and that was the only gum I got. Now I can't find it anymore, and don't like anything they do offer now.
itth a thyop
This guy looks like the pre-evolution for Pedro Pascal.
This made me remember a little parody clip where it starts with the iconic "How it feels to chew Five gum..." and it immediately cuts to a slavic man, who is strung out on the floor of a dirty stairwell, screaming nonsense. Gets me every time.
Cases like this always remind me that good marketing is not having a funny line or doing something outlandish, instead, is more of being informative about your product
I was in middle school when it released. We used to meticulously peel the foil off the wrappers and put it on our notebooks/phone cases/anything and make them shiny. It was THE gum if you can believe it. If you aren’t from North America or just didnt know about the 5 gum craze, it was an absolute takeover.  Cobalt still tastes the exact same as Stride gums light blue flavor tho
the memes were better then the gum could ever be
5 gum sucked because it would literally dissolve after like 5 minutes.
This was hilarious.
Who chews gum like that? You know you were being intentionally obnoxious.
man you went down in video quality so much. a few years ago when the mountan crushed your head it looked super cool but now it's like you don't even have HBO's funding what's up with that??
i only seen 5 respawn once and that was at a airport lol
Who open mouth chews gum? You reprobate
The old 5 commercials make me feel like linkin park just became famous and Tony hawk underground was the IT game.  Blockbuster was still around and life was gigantic like the 5 gum facility.  Now the walls feel like they are closing in and the world I knew has decayed away to rubble and ruin.  Just like the commercials, just like my happiness.
The only thing i remember about 5 gum is those memes the "this is how it feels to chew 5 gum" and them it would show a cat geting mustard shot into its eye or and rpg decimating a building and then "stimulate your senses
I completely forgot about 5 gum but when I was about to graduate (early 2010s) it was everywhere. So expensive but everyone of us had at least one package in their bag. The watermelon one was my favourite
when I was in middle school, if you had any other brand of gum you were not cool., it had to be 5!
I’m convinced something bad happened to you at Wrigley field or something.. well done hit piece tho lol
I forgot about 5 gum 😱🤦‍♂️ And I loved their original Comercials 😂
I never seen a commercials and I don't  care, I liked five for unique tastes that wasn't shit (also why nobody do the cinnamon anymore?)  and handy packaging. That's all.
5 gum is my preferred gum, but ive been away from its advertising so long i just assumed they were still doing those wild ass commercials. This was quite a watch.  Also yes, I chew gum while gaming, im not a savage i know how to chew quietly
Bringing back memories of me and my friend in middle school staying up late fucking dying watching 5 gum memes
Dentine ice did it first.
they also got rid of really good flavors which brought people back to buying more
Lol never knew that it was wrigley's who made them. Classic wrigley's is my favorite gum
I was 20 in 2007. Everything from 1999 to maybe 2012 was super edgy.
Really slick editing on this one GG
Solstice and Flare were the shit.
I'm guessing you got in his program? I just noticed that from the thumbnail. Not really going to watch the vid, just wanted to drop by and say that. Goodluck. Bye.
I'm an avid gamer, and I want them to continue driving money into 5 gum! And tell them to get product placements in Morbius 2 while they're at it!
I literally don't remember a single one of these beyond those debut ones, goes to show how ineffective they were
Tbh I tried 5 gum because of these commercials lol and ended up loving it
Why does the stache kinda do something for me
Blud looks like Spanish Josh hutcherson
Wasn't it a meme at one point?
You forgot the missing piece of the the puzzle: the memes. Many hilarious memes were made using the commercials in the early 2010s, and rather than embrace them they decided to change the commercials. Just look for 5 gum memes, you'll see what I mean.
It feels weird how adverts used to be risky target a specific group and get really good at it, now everything is super generic
No one eats gum that loud unless your a kid. Eating chips is more annoying with the crunch and the bag making noise
Brazilian #mentos mints had the edgy taste of screaming horror .
it was stride 5 gum
How does it feel to chew 5 Gum?
i'll never forget the time little kid me got a copy of spider man web of shadows for the wii at a big lots over the summer and saw all the 5gum advertising on the billboards in that game. it was really peak and just shows they've been marketing to the gamers all along
I'd ditch the 'stache, dude. You'll look better without.
the sneaky swampletics displate in the back, THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING
Everytime i hear about 5 gum, im just instantly reminded of that one scene from Quake 4 where the dude gets his legs amputated with a circular saw and turned into an alien cyborg
Orbit gum was always better. 5 was pretentious and overrated.
I remember enjoying these a lot, literally every kid my age at the time (14-17) bought these. A shame it went extinct xd
The worst part abt razor isnt all the random shit they market for gamers but its the fact there logo isnt even theres in the first place. look up trinity of worms gow.
How to make an enticing thumbnail: slap red glowing eyes on the " bad guy capitalist" 😳
i guarantee you more people chew gum than you realize because the kind of psychopath that open mouthed chews and smacks gum is not the kind of psychopath that has friends to talk to, if they have gum on call you are not gonna hear it
I still have a meme video saved on my phone based off the original ad campaign. It’s the classic “How it feels to chew five gum” line and then hard cuts to dark, super low resolution clip of a woman giving extremely loud and aggressive oral sex.
The o.g. 5 gum looks like it was made by Aperture Science.
I didn't expect to watch a video about chewing gum with Pedro Pascal
So basically they went woke. Posting sex weirdo garbage, endless pandering, screeching about "social issues". What a way to go.
should have just kept the original ad! that was like really ocol while the rest is likeeeeeeeee, what are you doingg?
all they had to do is mr beast gum
12:11 bro didn't even sugarcoat it 💀
strange... I've never heard about this brand... (in PL)
I actually like chewing gum while gaming lol.
I loved 5 Gum back in the day. Not as actual chewing gum, but because the colored foil wrappers were great material for art projects.
I just remember Stride gum coming out around the same time, and in my opinion, being way better.
you look like padro pascal if he did meth
I've missed this gum for so long
Did not know they rebranded in 2020 lol I straight up never seen it down in south Texas lol
Not sure I've even seen 5 Gum in stores since at least 2015, if that in Norway lmao. I just liked them because they were easy to close and carry compared to what else we had here at the time
We live in an era of basically everything in media being rubbish. Ads are not only not an exception, they lead the way in the mass enshittification of everything. Hard to believe clever and entertaining ads once existed.
Bro looks like Tedro Rascal
Remember the old stupid "How it feels to chew 5 gum" memes ending with "Stimulate your senses"? That's literally what they have to do, just embrace the memes.
5 Gum produced some of the funniest memes ever.
1:57 what an amazing throwback!
I miss the gum that had honey inside. you can't get that with sticks. I can tell they let some feminist take over the marketing with all that cringe party, sneak out, get a tattoo and truth or dare crap.
I'll be honest, this video got me interested to try it again and try the Gamer gum because im a sucker for easy marketing. But yeah, Can't find it anywhere. Didn't even know it existed until this video. I also had no idea Gum was a dying industry but it makes sense
Wtf!? Id pay top dollar for gamer soap!
the initial rebrand actually worked on me, I was 15 at the time and these commercials made me think 5 gum was cool... hell I still buy 5 gum and I am 25 now
"the axe body spray of gum" wow that captures it perfectly
Social issues are the worst thing any corporation should engage in, since they are almost ALWAYS on the wrong side of history like BLM, and leftist fascism.
Someone needs to combine 5 Gum with the gym.
Is it not more accurate to say that sale of gums was always on a downward trajectory, and Five was only a temporary fix? At least that's the way I see it. Whether they stayed with their original marketing theme or not, it was eventually going to go back to its default state - decline in overall sale and trends. One gum campaign was never going to reverse the trend. You could argue that if they had stayed with the original marketing theme, they could have enjoyed a slightly longer period of delay in the inevitable downward trend, but I just don't think Wrigley could have done anything to reverse it.
I said once and I’ll say it again. You look like a lite version of Pedro pascal (not a bad thing)
as someone with a minor speech impetiment and therefore prefer not to talk in games(unless it is with people I know personally), If I have gum I will have it while gaming
“14-25 year old male status seekers” just makes me think of lacrosse playing frat boys.
uh 5gum used to spam in games long before razer existed ?!
Your editing is top-notch!
I used to think it was condom boxes 🤣
Me and my friends got into dealing weed after the 5 gum market in classrooms dried up
I haven’t been the same since they canceled the Elixir flavor
Razer getting into gum industry is ironic considering its current iteration was founded and partially headquartered in Singapore, a   country where the sale of gum is banned.
I genuinely thought their target market was ravers/club kids or you know, people on e 😂😅
i always liked the watermelon one in high school. didn't realise i remembered the ads until you showed the one of the woman swan diving into the ballpit lmao
16:14 nicotine gum would literally do what 5 tried to be.
Ya no I am not subscribing. Your video was way too over edited.
Bro cobalt was GOD TEIR!! A pack would be gone in a day/day and a half for me
Now that it is mentioned, 5 gum hasn't been in any of my local stores.
Companies need to do things like 5 Gum did again!
That “ohhh” KILLED ME 🤣🤣🤣
Bro looks like a young pedro pascal???
In 2019 5 Gum said, double or nothing on this one boys 😂
hey screw you man, i loved the truth or dare wrappers  :(((  i genuinely did do them with people, mainly my significant other. i still buy 5 gum to this day actually :3 and whats wrong with the new gum too, i chew gum randomly including while gaming.
5 Gum has multiple personality disorder 😂
"do yoga" rofl that flipped so fast I thought it said "do viagra in a public place with a friend"
The only thing I remember about 5gum is their "how it feels to chew 5 gum" slogan.   Also the meme that spawned from it where it was a black dude slapping his impossibly large dick.
5 gum tastes great, but why the heck is gum so expensive...
The "no one chews gum while gaming" part was utterly nonsense. Especially the cringe over the top loud chewing.  I chew gum pretty much constantly while gaming, don't eat either doritos nor drink any mountain dew or G-fuel and not a single time in my +20 years of gaming has anyone ever complained about me chewing loudly.
I'm amazed how I remember 5 Gum from back then but the purpose of the advertising literally flew over my head and I just remember thinking it was a slightly weird gum.
I always liked 5 gum because the gum actaully kept their flavor for more than 3 minutes. Hubba bubba, doublemint, eclipse, generic bubble gum all lost flavor within 3-5 mins until im just chewing for my jawline at that point. The texture was always really soft, too, compared to other gums. It wasn't too hard upon impact and wasn't extra chewy like hubba bubba. The packaging was also very slick and ergonomic. The only thing that came close to replacing 5 was Altoids, but after a while I switched back because altoids never lasted as long. Where'd I'd eat like 5-7 altoids, I'd eat 1 stick of gum. Plus the flavors were way better than anything on the market. The mystery flavor was one of the best ever. But now all I ever see are the basic flavors like cobalt, spearmint, a sweet flavor, and some other fresh toothpaste like flavor. I may go back to altoids just so I can have more selections now.
Maybe they all shouldve..... TAKE 5 and reassessed their commercials. im not funny
I chewed 5 gum and shat my pants. #NOREGERTS
Did the gum help them feel less regret???
Whats pedro pascal like as a dad?
4 flavors? Eh they'll be back
I miss crazy advertisement like 5 Gum.
*_How it chews to feel 5 Gum..._*
16:47: "Who chews gum while playing video games?"  People who find it therapeutic or people with no friends.   I do it for both reasons.
This gum never appealed to me. I always saw them in the supermarket an thought... WTF is that shit. Looks more like some glue package. Never bought them. And the flavour names, wtf was that? All about this gum never attrackted me at all.
They’re going to have an ever harder time now that people are finding out gum has plastic in it 🤢
God I remember I loved the mint flavored one. Then they changed the taste and it was disgusting.  Kinda curious to see a video about it. Random Algorythm go! Edit: Pretty cool video, glad I found it^^
i'm at the 2:02 mark and as someone born in 95, growing up in the aughts, 2000's, i can agree this had the aesthetic of axe body spray to kids of that age.
How it chews to gum feel 5.
Patrick bateman would love 5
I was around back then, we all kinda knew it was lame and I strongly remember making fun of the “how it feels to chew 5 Gum” ads back then haha
I remember the one where to guy is lying on the giant speaker.
17:26 chewing gum while gaming isn't a problem unless you don't know how to walk and chew gum at the same time, and if that's the case then you probably can't use a controller and focus look at the screen at the same time
The very last thing I expected to see today was a giant Swampletics Displate, thanks.
Sick channel
Overall. I enjoyed the video. Only gripe is the discord call part. Don't chew like a neanderthal, turn on push to talk like a normal person (I guarantee you're the person playing reels full blast over the mic when you're dead) and then there's no issues at all.
It was also good gum tbh
I'm surprised you didn't mention  the Human Preservation Project ARG.  I was at a gaming convention when a woman in black gear ran up to me, passed me a small black envelope with a dragonfly on it, said 'Take this!'  and ran off.  I just shoved it in with the rest of my swag and went about my day figuring it was a glorified business card.  By the time I actually took the time to look into it the promotion was almost over so I wasn't able to get enough of the special packages to fully take part and unlock all the videos and files.  It's kind of a shame really, because it was actually a bit fun and may have possibly answered what precisely those iconic 'how it feels to chew 5' experiments were up to.  It had potential but they gave it too short a window and relied a little too heavily on word of mouth.
man i heard it once (snd just the sound) and thought they meant 5 gum at once
Mandalorian the last great reviewer.
You look like someone trying to look like Pedro Pascal
You look like Pedro Pascel but younger and skinnier
Chew Five gum.  argh, That playing in Anarchy Online!
I've tried the gamer gum and it tastes pretty bad. Plus on top of that, I didn't even know that that it existed in till I stumble upon it in Walmart and had no clue that it was marketed to gamers.
This video is how it feels to chew 5 gum.
I am very surprised that there is zero mention of that puzzle game “facility” website that 5 gum was running and had a bunch of Summer Glau videos
Has anyone told you, that you look like Pedro Pascal?
You look like if Pedro pascal was a twink
I think you’re an animal chewing gum like that even tho it’s a bit.
"if it ain't broke, change it anyways" Wrigley's probably
I actually really enjoyed the original Flare flavor, miss it
This video popped in my feed, and as someone who was suckered in by the "stimulate your senses" gag as a kid (I just thought to try as it sounded funny), this was a great watch. Thanks for the great presentation of their screw ups as a brand and instant sub at the end there <3
hilarious video especially with the discord call
Andrew tate is terrible because the media tell me. Thank you random youtuber. I will not like Andrew anymore
What I love about this is that I am AFAB but a guy. Which means that the fact 5 and other "male targetted" products that appealed A LOT to me were foreshadowing the fact I'm not a woman. I know it's all silly and it's not really a science, but I just find it hilarious that so many "THIS IS FOR MEN, NO GIRLS ALLOWED" products were my favourites as a kid lmao
They should've made a sequel, 6 Gum.
I genuinely miss 5 "Lush" (Tropical). It was my favorite tropical gum, and no other tropical gum has quite nailed its particular flavor. Once it disappeared around 2012 I forgot about the 5 gum lineup entirely. "Respawn Tropical Punch" caught my curiosity, but the flavor fell *far* short of Lush. Kinda like how 2010's Axe "Fever" spiced citrus was my favorite body spray ever, yet it disappeared within months, and I never enjoyed another 'citrus' spray remotely as much. And once they ruined my go-to since 2008, "Essence", with an awful reformulation in 2017 I forgot about Axe entirely  Ultimately, it just stings when specific perishables I love end up getting discontinued or their existing recipes/formulations get borked... Unlike most possessions such as tech and furniture that will last decades if well cared for, once a food or other consumable stops being produced, they expire in a matter of months and become nothing but a memory; anecdotal evidence like photos and videos being the only thing that I can present to someone who never tried the item in question, and senses like smell and taste can't be communicated -- when trying to convince anyone of the greatness of a discontinued food/drink/etc, all my praises are reduced to an unhelpful "you just had to be there bro"
Well there’s no denying these ads are nuts 😂 i don’t think the ads were shown in all of Europe though       18.12.23
am i the only one who love this gum just as a gum? i was never aware of they advertisment, i just like it because is softer than most gums
"This... Is the bad ending." 15:03 had me in stitches.😆
Am I the only one who likes chewing gum while gaming? It doesn't require my hands like chips and my mic doesn't pick it up so its not annoying.
"Status Seeker" isn't synonymous to "Andrew Tate"... Very intellectually dishonest and quite unintelligent to say. Any person who wants to better themselves is essentially a "status seeker" whether they know it or not. Status is what makes your life better in almost every way, so it is quite inaccurate for you to paint it as a negative under the name of  "Andrew Tate".
“Have you ever shit with your pants on?” “New 5 Gum, Stimulate your senses.”
Me watching the discord call while chewing some gum after playing some League. Also who tf chews like that fix your jaw bro?
Pedro pascal?
Whoa 😮 never heard of this company but boy am I ready to learn!
15  years old memories creeped back now! These commercials where something else, they where so cool and extreme, so I remember me and my friends got so curious about it! That's really all to it! A very eyecatching video, with the thought; If just 1% of that commercial hit my senses, I'll be blasted. That was our thoughts on it. Like he says at the end of this vid too. Wrigley' should also see that
Smoking salvia will make you experience a 5 Gum commercial.
I still never bought it
At least they gave us the base for an amazing meme
5 was also the number of seconds before it became entirely flavorless
They did however, gove us something to create a meme about
I can't believe 5 Gum forgot how it feels to chew 5 Gum  It shows how detached those companies are from their target audience. The only thing they had to do was to bring back the old "stimulate your senses" campaign and the memes would have done the rest.
Honestly miss some of those old flavors. Cant even remember their names but they were all fruit and none of them were just watermelon.
1 push to talk 2 sometimes mint , idk tatses nice and gives smth to bite on when rage 3 i close my monkey mouth FFS
I miss the solstice flavor
It's what happens when you hire 20 something marketing managers instead of keeping the old school guys that knew what they were doing.
5 gum was the highest quality gum when it came out. If you had a pack at school you were king for a day
*rhythmic wet smacking noises intensifies*
Is it not normal to eat gum while gaming? You act like gum is a time and a place thing but I will chew gum literally anywhere doing anything, if I'm in a discord call and I'm chewing gum I could use push to talk, if noise activation didn't already exist which reduces the problem entirely.
wtf is this a runescape channel?
I like a good vid about something i've never heard of. All those millions in ads....
Watermelon Prism is still my favourite gum flavour till this day.
You just got recommended to me and holy I did not expect you to look like pedro pascal
To be fair, I'm always chewing gum while gaming If you're above a certain age you most likely unlock the ability to chew gum without other people noticing it in voice calls
You chew 5Gum because it's hip and cool  I chew 5Gum because it has watermelon flavour  We are not the same
I bought the gum for quite a while when it first came out, maybe initially due to the packaging, but I liked the flavour and the gum would last.
caffeinated gum is legit, its used in the military. it kicks in faster and isnt really affected by food as much as liquid caffeine is
I chew gum when I play games to keep my keyboard clean. Never had anyone complain about my chewing _or_ my ability to rush B. Just don't chew like a cow hahah. Fun video, I miss the pink flavor of 5.
I think vaping also heavily ate into all types of oral fixation things.
I remember, when it first came out, i was so hyped from those ads, that i bought all 4 flavors. Every one of them was terrible for me and even for my friends. Never bought another pack.
I used to chew 5 gum because chewing gum was a good way to counteract the dry mouth my medications gave me and 5's packaging was a lot more convenient to carry around and use, then the truth or dare thing hit and each stick you'd pop out would make you cringe more than the last one, and I sort of just stopped buying it after a while.
0:50 thought this said "long-lasting, breath-freshening monogamy" and needless to say I was VERY confused
I remember these from elementary school, 5 gum was THE gum to have - and tbh I even enjoyed their taste more than most other gums. Shame they fell off.
listen, i just subscribed and it's partially because you remind me of younger, more twinkish pedro pascal, and also because you've released some bangers. dip into that lego shit more man, there's a hella community there. whip out some more wack shit
5 Gum has always fascinated me since it's one of the few cases where an ad campaign really *worked* on me & actually made me interested to try their product.  What a shame to hear that they completely forgot about the brand's identity after that
14:35 actually caffeinated gum is a thing, their might be some caffeine in 5
I had a dentist look at my teeth and say “you chew a lot of gum don’t you” and I stopped
7:46 omg its JOE!! What has that guy been up to?
I dont think old-days ads would work anymore... but that shit infromt of yt video ? nah xd Who watches tv... I think the gaming space is the best chance Gum company can get.
People are (in average) heavily depressed and stay inside - so they want to binge eat more stuff - but a chewing gum is an efficient occupation for your mouth without actually eating stuff. You chew gum when you're outside - in a time before smartphones and social media - when girls and boys could be regular humans without it being a dangerous/lawful offense. When you lived in your daily 5-man-bubble in nature, moving your body, enhancing that experience with taste that doesn't drag you down (chewing gum - and taste for your ears: music from a boombox). But today you're consuming legal drugs (cheaper, more addicting, more unhealthy sugar-replacements, social media and other socially/governly prescribed stuff), are afraid of talking to a girl that might not be interested in you (even calling her "girl" might be seen as a hate crime nowadays), government is plainly lying and destroying any chance of building/keeping up a life, you have to waste your lifetime with meaningless nothingness like you're in prison with a better skin. Talking/Engagin in truth and good manners is exploited and being harrassed (for being old fashion, biggotted, unnecessary, creepy - or people just haven't learned basic manners and think its weird and wrong to do these things). There are hundreds of reasons why (e.g. if born as a white male) you just wanna keep yourself save within your personal walls and numb the fear of the outside with digital and nutritional drugs. Chewing Gum - even good ones - even what-it-feels-to-chew-5-gum Chewing Gum just can't keep up with the amount of high octane/intesity stress that humans are forced to cope with, in order to squeeze control and profit out of the fear-driven behaviour, which is more easy to monitor and control using surveilance capitalism. We're chin-deep in a full on dystopia with blinding lights, thanks to the leadership of or govs across the (global) markets, showing us how much we need them to solve the problems they continously create and are. To re-nurture the soil of the market for something like 5-gum to root and grow, there has to be a way and an interest to participate in life and nature again - without fear and surveilance but with friends and freedom. But I don't see that being profitable for the coin slots and puppeteers of our societies. Healthy, happy and active minds are just a burden to what societies could bring to the world government. Think of all the medicine, therapy and distraction they could need - how you could guide them, holding these things on a fishing rod - how much you can charge for a bite. Nah - give them the freedom to obey. They should be thankful for their freedom to be thankful for it. If they aren't, they are the bad guys - bad for the interests of society.  Man fnck this depression painted in black on black.
Can't actually remember the last time I had gum
You look like Pedro pascal
Chewing btw makes blood go to your head and also helps in that regard... Chewing gum could really be meta in gaming one day.. Its not that crazy idea to try gamers... and I think RAZER of all people could make 5Gum sell as crazy.
Video starts at 8:00. He talks in circles a lot before then.
Hold up. They had truth or dare 5 gum for over four years and somehow I never saw a single piece. Wild.
I remember buying a pack, after seeing those commercials. I thought maybe they had come up with a food safe endothermic reaction, or maybe it would have a weird texture to it, but it was just mint. They could have at least mixed some pop rocks in there, or something.
you look like a baby Pedro Pascal and I'm all here for it
I had a job where 5 Gum came in & asked if they could put up a free display, full of gum people could take. They would continue to restock it for a surprisingly long time. And by long time, I mean about 6 months..... give or take?  But I also used to see Red Bull girls, who had driven up in their Red Bull designed Mini Cooper that had a giant Red Bull on top, handing out cold Red Bulls right by my work. So I assumed this was a desireable market.
I dont care about how they advertise 5 respawn cool mint is the best gum ive had in a long time
Crass is a good word to describe a lot of adverts today.
10:40 that guitar track fucking SLAPS though!
17:38 is that the we do raids discord I see?
I always wondered what happened to 5 gum.
Everyone thats been online for a while automatically thinks of the 5 GUM commercials with the memes where someone gets hurt 😂
You will never not convince me that a big part of the packaging that they don't want to talk about is that this packaging made them look much more like a box of cigarettes, which also flip open and have the products vertically standing in the package. Thus having more cool factor for the kids.
13:48 in aus its not being discontinued it still sells well just we only get 3 flavours blueberry watermelon spearmint
I got my gamer gum with RGB lights
Having worked as a content moderator, to this day, I tense up whenever the 5 Gum ad music kicks in. The insane, cruel stuff people would ask if you'd ever done on it, and the even more disturbing stuff with the f Truth or Dare, never leaves your mind. People are really messed up man.
The fact 5 Gum exists still shocking Its a brand that feels locked in time like Axe body spray and Monster energy drinks
At least we got those hilarious meme edits out of the original ads
This, bionicle, the all american rejects. Better times.
How it chews to 5 Gum feel
ngl I woulda liked an rgb face mask lol
sense your stimulate
6:34 So you're saying the gum's lost its flavor?
Anyone else play the tower defense game 5 Gum had on their website? It was pretty fun. Wish I could find it again!😂😂
B-12 vitamins are good for energy but you need to take it in an injection. Energy drinks and pills that say they have 100% of the B-12 you need may be technically right but your body isn’t going to absorb it
First time seeing one of your videos and the whole time the thought that wouldn't leave the back of my mind is the fact you look like a young Pedro Pascal.
0:16 they put mastrtep chehf in the droitos
Simulate Your Stencils
6:35 I used to have that exact display! Had it for probably 15 years.
If you want a gum that is an experience check out Grenades gum.
status seeker is an euphemism for looser - people without status
That's terrible... lack of consistency is just going to confuse people and make things worse.
Mfw gamer gum🤯🤯🤯🤯🤩
16:38 And if energy drinks help a bit, methamphetamine helps a shit ton! Haha I actually did know a prolific gamer that smoked meth all the time, he was really good at Dark Souls.  I mean, stimulants do improve your concentration and reaction times, so why not go for the hardest one around? Just don't stay up for three days or more, that's when the shadow people start walking from the peripherals of your vision into the focal point of your eyes and soon afterwards they start threatening you.
5 Gum became a joke here in Germany. First they reduced the available flavours down to Green (Mint) and Red (Watermelon), then they changed the style of gum from the strips to some weird dragée, and the change in formula ruined the taste and how long they last. Going from a gum you could chew for 4 hours to 5 minutes and the flavour is gone just put them out of the competition IMO.  All I want is some of the old 5 Gum Cobalt here. But we can't have that for some corporate reason.
instead of targeting men they got woke. had to sell the message instead of the product
a strong flavour and the act of chewing does help some focus
I loved the way the comercial looked.
They have tried everything except nostalgia
“How it gum to chew 5 feels”
those old 5 gum ads were an experience, and the gum itself was pretty tasty, all the other stuff is just weird
Takes me back. I don't ever remeber the early ads but I was raised under a rock soooooo
i stopped chewing 5 gum because the flavor lasts for about 1 minute then you're left chewing cardboard. my polar ice lasts forever.
More commercials should have a GumPunk setting
Honestly they could have been edgy by doing the same teenager risk stuff but like a confident teen kissing a girl after 5 gum and the wacky stuff happening to both of them being like shredded in the blizzard hugging each other ahahaha
How it started: Man in charge of marketing.  How it ended: Woman in charge of marketing.
I cant stop thinking about 5 Gum being in Spider-Man Web of Shadows  Ive never felt so targeted
The proto-808 aesthetic that dominated 2007-2011
You use to be able to get a big pack of Juicy Fruit or Big Red for a 1$ maybe 1.50$. They tried to make this seem premium by the packaging and charging 6$ for 10 pieces.
The 4chan "how it feels to chew 5 gum" nsfw memes were peak hilarity
“Who chews gum while playing video games?”  **me who has Airways chewing gum so I can smell myself losing before the game’s even began**
I was pushing 30 the year it came out I remember the ads, but even as someone who liked gum, I never tried it, as far as I can remember.  Part of that was my avoidance of aspartame, but I also was unmoved by "extreme" advertising.
5 Gum was fucking HYPE in jr & high school (2009ish-2014ish) it literally hit its target audience and the commercials were just an amazing commercial to see.  Didn’t matter the flavour or the gum, the commercials were fantastic at the time.  School kids love gum (from my experience) and getting a stick from someone could get you through the afternoon.
Holy crap, I’ve never seen any of your videos and when you popped up for a good second my sleep deprived brain was like “Pedro Pascal..?”
I don’t even like gum and I chewed five gum
How it feels to loose 5 gum
"How it feels to chew 5 Gum" stays rent free in my head.
I would argue that the surrealest Skittles ads of the early 00's that positioned their brand as both funny and exestentially horrifying were of a similar vein to the old 5 ads.
Not even gonna mention the memes that came from it? alright
“Who chews gum while gaming” I took offense.
Side note: The original 5 Gum commercials were so good as a marketing campaign that the commercials were endlessly memed in 2016. Even it the memes were more ironic, it felt like the memes capitalized on subverting nostalgia for a commercial rather than making fun of the gum itself.
Didn’t know Pedro Pascal created an YouTube channel.
If she pulls up with the Razer sports bra she’s a keeper.
The Old Spice of gum brands, over the top, extreme to ludicrous degrees.
The pivot to marketing to gamers was pretty genius and made a lot of sense for the brand. A smart move from their marketing team. If anything it will a group who needs more mints than most of the population that so that’s a positive impact lmao
You look like a young pedro pascal
How it feels to chew five gum is so memorable
Deserved sub. I hope you make it (even though you already did). God speed.
Listening to that discord call with headphones on really stimulated my senses
in germany we had an 5gum ad that would literally scare the living shi* out of you. it started slow and peacefully. some chick jogging towards the sunrise and suddenly some alien monster thing plops out nowhere screaming at you at full blast.
Respawn is actually pretty much a highly caffeinated energy gum with multiple forms of vitamin B, including one, which makes you extremely itchy for some weird reason I mean it’s good gun it’s actually very nice to chew I’ve had some, but my fucking skin, aged for hours, and hours on it after chewing it, because Niacin (which is one of the vitamin B use that they use, and seemingly the one they use the most of has mostly been used as a way of clearing out your entire body, and has an issue where it makes your skin burn when you consume it and a little bit of that shit makes your skin ever so slightly itchy were you just scratching it and slightly tear your skin off, seriously it’s good tasting and great smelling gum but don’t, seriously do not if you want to avoid absurdly itchy beyond belief skin
5 used to be my go to gum. Then one day one turned into a disgusting liquid in my mouth while I was in class and I couldn't spit it out so I had to swallow it and I threw up in my mouth.  I threw out the pack, switched to Stride and never bought 5 again. I always thought Stride and 5 were main competitors and Stride is better in every way but 5 was marketed so much more.
The downfall of 5 gum was when all those memes popped up on vine and twitter around 2013. The brand turned into a punchline and no one could take it seriously anymore.
I like that ViewSonic CRT
The real problem with 5 Gum is that it loses its flavor in 5 seconds. I'll keep going out of my way to get Dentyne Ice, which is a hell of a lot better.
chewing on flavoured plastic isn't cool any more xD
Love the vid and felt it was all pretty honest, except for the gum smacking part. I’ve been in discord chewing gum lots and have made sure no one can hear it. But to play devils advocate, my experience could be due to having a bitty mike, I’m not entirely sure  (Edited: on mobile, autocorrect)
Me who watched this while chewing 5 gum lmao the algorithm is too good.
this guy looks like Pedro Pascal's brother 🤔
I completely forgot that gum was a thing that actually existed for the past 7 years 😭
I think the fact that I still see "How it feels to chew 5 gum" memes to this day shows that it's the superior marketing campaign.
Cool. Now stop the Ads.
To this day I still think that 5 gum looks more like a condom package 😂😂😂
The commercials were lit tho
The thing that really gets me buying a pack of gum is old people crying.
man, I hope you got paid for this, because that ending has me craving a stick of gum. Edit* nvm, displate paid you
"Status seekers" to me when I think of that brand is how many dudes were selling it in my high school instead of just handing it out for free.  Business men are what these dudes became...
I only ever saw one 5 gum ad in my life but I alway had 5 before that because it was great gum I enjoyed more than Extra
Honestly, chewing gum while gaming does sound like a good idea. Way better than snacking on junk food and you could just be on push to talk to not be a dick about it.
Hope they paid you well for this advert, because it might aswell be more successful than what they've out out
You drank you seem like Oscar Isaac as if he placated and ostcast konatsu revealed his thong to the next couple days or realize me down
It didn’t help that they added the deadly neurotoxin called aspartame to their product! Not just Wrigley’s but every brand of gum!
More ESG. That is the key to success.
5 gum is a gate way drug is a hell of an iceberg
I cleaned out a super old bag yesterday, found a crusty ass pack of 5s from like 6 years ago and threw it into a garbage bin... Now YouTube is making me watch this
Crazy that seeing these ads as a kid made me a 5 Gum consumer for life
Shout out to adamantium flavour. Really made me feel as powerful as a stark naked Hugh Jackman bursting out of a tank of cold water.
If they were going to focus on gamers, they should have had a Duke Nukem tie in.
17:17 Well yeah, when you are smacking your gum like that with the mic in your mouth people are gonna notice. I never saw a gamer that deep throats a mic while chewing gum.
I think vaping took a lot of gum marketshare, you can get different flavors and it's "cooler"
We were watching Obama's inauguration in 2009 in our middle school auditorium with the whole school and I popped a piece of 5 Gum in my mouth a little before it started. The inauguration was fairly long and I wanted to toss my gum out but didn't have tissue and the teachers were yelling at kids that were trying to get up so I just kept chewing. Eventually, it turned to a paste in my mouth. I don't know what the hell happened but it became an absolutely sickening paste. I didn't want to swallow it so I spit it into my hands and wiped it all over my seat. It was such a funny and weird experience that I still remember it clearly to this day. Didn't try 5 Gum again until about a week ago. Shits good lol don't know if it still turns to paste though
How it feels to chew 5 gum *this entire video essay" Stimulate your senses
Incredibly, though the marketing may've been a bit over the top, at the end of the day, it truly did feel like you were chewing gum.
I dare say any gamer would rather be chewing gum than letting go of the controller to grab food or drink. I would so say, the crunch from a maw full of doritos or the belch from a gut full of soda gas would be more annoying than just the sound alone of chewing gum - it doesn't crunch or make you burp on top of all else. Funnily enough, some humans can chew gum. With their mouth closed. You can't stuff crisps in through closed lips.
I literally just got reccomend this video and I feel as though you may have received comments like this before, but you look like Pedro Pascal and it's actually kinda uncanny lmao
Respawn was alright, I never actually saw the ads, I just happened to work at a gas station that sold it.
When I found out, just before this marketing campaign, that chewing gum isn't biodegradable and is an environmental nightmare, I was never attracted by gum again.
aspartame gum? no thank you !
Dude those ads fucking worked on me when I was a kid. It was the only gum I chewed
_gum sales start falling_ Wrigley's Advertisers: "Well, things are really heating up, which means there's only one thing to do to maintain our monopoly on the chewing gum market -  Fucking _panic_ ."
"How exaggerated do you want my gum chewing?" "Like you are sucking c***."
I always though 5 gum was somekind of athletes gum growing up as a kid
comment for algo
5 gum... updated for modern audiences.
I WANT GAMER GUM
Yeah, false advertising, because I guarantee you that ballet dancer would be screaming, “are you kidding?! That stick of gum has 5 WHOLE CALORIES!! I’m not putting that calorie-laden thing in my mouth!!” 🤣😏
I’m surprised you didn’t mention the ARG from 2011!
6:27 I guess you could say the gum industry  lost its flavor
"look at these hands i look like i work at freaking build a bear" the hands" literally covered in yellow calluses 🤨 Anyway, nothing upsets me like how we as consumers have gotten fewer and fewer options in products over time.
Basically, they went from being themselves [stimulate your senses] to relatable meme garbage [life happens in 5]. Internet Historian covers this as well [Silence, Brand]
I still randomly whisper "stimulate your senses" at times
I bought 5Gum when it had the original package and I still even have the original ones in my shelf. I totally forgot it existed after it started rebranding the first time. I can't even find them here anymore at all.
I don’t know why YouTube recommended me video with Pedro Pascal talking about some American gum I never heard about but here we are…
this started to feel increasingly like -gum is a solution looking for a problem -2008 forced people to prioritize *real* problems -nobody needed gum -bye bye gum
Iunno I just love the double mint gum
they didnt even put real cobalt in the cobalt flavor smh also every single drink/confectionary company that gets big eventually having to pull back their flavors range but KEEPING the watermelon flavor is just completely insane to me, like I'm being gaslit by reality insane, proof of the matrix insane.  Yes watermelon tastes good, no watermelon flavored anything that isn't watermelon has never in in the history of mankind ever tasted good.
“This is what it chews like to feel gum.”  “This is how it cheels like to fool size”  “How fools like to chewl…”  “This is…cum”  …stimulate your sense
Shapeshifting jester (malicious) and shapeshifting jester (amoral) are two very different versions of the same archetype and the malicious one is a false prophet. also like corporations
I learned to like this gum because it had good flavour and interesting packaging.  I assume both the first ads and the video game attempt of the gum have to do with gums association with keeping your mouth from getting dry in some sports.  The other angle I see in these ads is gum as a social thing shared between friends and meant to ease worries about bad breath, but I feel like, even if that's the main function of the gum, people would tend to pick tose gums for better taste anyway, or atleast, for their ability to keep you awake with flavor.
They should’ve just embraced the “How it feels to chew 5 Gum” meme aspect. I think it would usher in a renaissance for the 5 brand.
I liked 5 gum mostly because the flavour lasted longer than 3 minutes.
As a kid, I was really captivated by the whole Y2K/Frutiger Aero vibe, and 5 Gum was just part of that.  So that why I chewed it.  Also it was really good gum.  And it's always a skate park because everything post 9/11 is blind racist rage, so 90s skate parks are one of the last semi-positive things they remember about kids.  And actually, I'm someone who likes to chew gum when gaming.  Although, not as much anymore, now that most gum contains aspartame, which I'm allergic to.  I racked up some of my greatest kill streaks in Team Fortress 2 with Juicy Fruit in my mouth.
when i was in middle school my grandma took me to sams club and the ONLY thing i wanted was a 40 pack of 5 gum
Can confirm when I was a kid that those ads worked.
I spent some time in the States between 2008-2010 and, for some reason, 5 gum is one of more distinct products I still remember (along with Twizzlers and Mountain Dew). The packaging, the name, the whole style was different from what I'm used to - and also the shape of the gum, although I suppose that is a common form for gum there anyway. I'm not saying the product blew me away, I can't even remember the taste or if I liked it, but the marketing clearly worked. It was enigmatic. Especially considering that here in Finland, almost all gum has xylitol so it's seen more as a dental health thing and freshening your breath is secondary. There are definitely more edgy or just differently styled brands (for children, teens etc), but most gum comes in bigger (I mean 200g, which isn't huge, but is no stick of gum) bags and are very.. I don't know, professional looking? The one I have is literally branded as "Professional". I don't know the stats but gum seems as popular as ever here.  Funny enough, the most prominent brand of gum we have is "Jenkki" which means Yankee, and the old ads featured dirt roads and cars and jeans. Go figure.
I think the razor thing was more for people who chew gum that play video games, than people who play video games and chew gum.
One of the main reasons people stop chewing as much gum is when aspartame was added.  Once that ingredient was added sales dropped about 57% across the board and the sales team banned it on modern political thoughts.  They did not want to admit the ingredient that multiples the shelf life by years also took away the flavor.  Gum without Aspartame tastes a hundred times better to gum with it.    Gum without Aspartame sales increased by 73% alone and the majority of Gum companies have not paid attention to that fact.
They need to bring back my favorites lush and elixir
it feels like Respawn's productions mainly gets packaged with other razer products, seeing as the sound bar I purchased from them came with 3 packs.
It's just gum. Once you jump the shark, it's over. Instead of marketing to kids, market to adults that were the kids you used to sell to. Remind them of the good ol' days with Big Red. Mmmmmm cinnamon!
I WAS in middle school when 5 Gum first came out, and every description you gave for it is 100% accurate. Especially that it was the "Axe Body Spray of chewing gum", it truly was.
I liked 5 gum, had some good flavors. The commercials tho are iconic.
16:25 HE'S ON THE PAYROLL GUYS HE'S TRYING TO SELL US 5GUM
Looking like a store brand Burt Reynolds over here
how it feels to chew 5 gum.  this was the best slogan.  u were the "cool" kid if you bough 5 gum to school back in the day.  companies stay fumbling the bag due to greed.
This guy looks like the Wish version of Pedro Pascal
idk if u get this often but your editing reminds me of game theory (ina good way)
I'm not buying gum for the flavor I'm buying it cause it lets me brain focus on anything other than my own dreadful thoughts so yeah
They should just tap into meme culture, its already a meme gum, i say ride it.
I actually loved this fun, especially the cobalt flavor. Being born in 1999, there is no doubt this was by far the most popular gum when I was in middle school
❤❤❤
Yay new vid
It's truly a master's achievement that you managed to make a video about corpo gum marketing entertaining enough to watch
Just wish they would put out good flavour combos again Without throwing random junk like caffeine or something to make it a stimulant  Just give me Watermelon Kiwi chewing gum in a nice flippy package that reminds me of a damn flip phone
About a year or so ago, Gamestop was selling Respawn drink mixes, shakers, and I think the gum online, and I think I saw some in store once. I just checked it now and they have three drink-related things left... on clearance.
5 Gum Stimulate your ferrets.
Working as a cashier i got hooked on 5, up until it gave me TMJ. After that I never went back to chewing gum.
I'm honestly surprised they haven't tried "rebooting". It seems like everything else popular in the aughts is doing it
Idk why am I watching a Pedro Pascal look alike talking about the history of a 5 Gum but this is interesting
5 Gum flavour lasts for hours tho. That shits fuckin good
I know a girl that got raped by a piece of that gum.
Back in middle school everyone had this gum and when you had it everyone wanted a piece time flies 😮
Anyone ever tell you that you look like a younger Pedro Pascal
Ok but hubba bubba is fire
Its so hard to find good gum these days, mostly due to the lack of flavors. We need more flavors.
slow_start: who chews gum while playing games? me: turns away and looks to the side slowly
Great video
Actually, Doom Slayer is on the doritos now, *MAH BOI.*
I had 5 gun recently and I don’t know if the formula changed or I have rose colored glasses. But that shit turned to a soggy, paper mache mess within 5 minutes.
hot take: 5 Gum was overrated
5 gum is fire
Damn, that last line gave me tingles in my jingles
I'm dying rn these respawn flavors are literally just vape flavors, and I bet its no coincidence
I actually used to love 5 gum, then they got rid of Flair, their cinnamon flavor, so I switched to another brand.
5 senses? More like 5 SATGES OF GRIEF AM I RIGHT? HA
the 5 gum flavours were nice but i ant taste em no more
I like that this video says that gum is a food.  Does anyone reading this eat gum before all of the flavor vanishes?  Fruit Stripe was the best-tasting non-bubble gum before it was bought by Ferrara Pan.  Edit:  is this a Canadian channel?  Subscribed. 🇺🇲❤️🇨🇦
HAVE YOU EVER SHOVED THE MANUAL SICK OF YOUR FORD F-150 UP YOUR ASS, WELL THATS WHAT IT FEELS LIKE TO CHEW 5 GUM (imagine this being yelled in a alabamian accent)
pedro pascal impersonator. good video :^)
Never tried 5 Gum, never saw any ads. Not a gum guy and it was slightly more expensive than Orbit or Dirol. This is the first time I'm interested in 5 Gum related info, lol.
I think its pathetic you cant hammer a nail
Pedro Pascal incarnate as a younger person is what this guy looks like LOL
I feel like part of the problem was that it was sorta inevitable - Lush 5 Gum was a product of what I like to call the "Modern Warfare" Era of 2007-2013.
Honestly that discord call was a perfect illustration of I don't really like gum. Not just while gaming, but it general. Occasionally I've had a random craving so I had a stick and after like 10 minutes it's like "oh yeah that's why i don't like it"
DEI kills companies
"how it feels to chew 5 gum" is one of the greatest memes when paired with clips of people doing the dumbest shit.
All I can think about anymore from this ad campaign is the trauma from watching various body parts be mutilated in the “how it feels to chew 5 gum” memes
The one flavor I remember most from this brand was React.  When it was first released it was *very* strongly flavored, and it was almost, but not quite, bad tasting.  But it did do something that no other gum, no other food or drink product ever accomplish.  It would immediately cure hiccups.  And not just my hiccups.  I would share a stick with anyone who had the hiccups and tell them that this gum will make them go away.  They would scoff, but take the gum, and look at me with shock (and a little horror because of the flavor) because their hiccups were gone.  The strong and almost bad flavor of React didn't go over well, I guess, it was quickly replaced with React 2 (or maybe it was React II, I can't really remember.)  This wasn't as strong, and it didn't cure hiccups, but it did taste "better."  You can no longer get either React or React 2 flavors anymore.
Just an update.. Australia is selling 5 gum
5 gum always seemed like the pack of gum freshmen would use to also try to hide their cigarettes in the same package
but JID though🔥🔥
i do actually chew gum while gaming fairly often, but that's because i have dermatophagia* (subconscious compulsion to chew my skin, specifically my nails/fingers) -- the gum lets me trick myself into skipping the urge, since it's kinda hard when there's already something in your mouth. that is literally the only reason, and i can imagine it's the only time any doc has ever said "i think you should chew gum all the time, actually", lmao  * = obvious warning for nail horror if you look it up -- some of the pics can be nasty, so be careful if you're squeamish about that kinda thing. yes, it is gross, and no i do not need any advice about it. please be normal
i like watermelon 5 gum🥰🥰
How it gums to chews five feels. Gum Gum. Sense your stimulate
i loved the 5 truth or dare, it was fun lol
17:33   Yeah literally no one I've met smacks gum that loudly in a voice chat....
16:43 More specifically, who chews gum while doing e-sports? Do they think they just sit there silently playing League in front of a huge audience? That they're not constantly talking to each other about what's happening in the game?
It's shocking they they abandoned the "How it feels to chew 5 gum" considering how much it has been memed on. Search interest peaked in 2017. No idea why they just didn't keep going with that. Getting a popular meme about your product marketing (that isn't just laughing at the product - see Morbius) is a miracle to your product marketing. Notice how Flex Tape marketing doubled down on Phil Swift destroying everything?  Notice how Old Spice marketing hasn't changed too much since it found its "identity" with Terry Crews? If it ain't broken, don't fix it. Even if they wanted to go in a different edgy direction, they were probably better off simply marketing by letting popular figures have free reign (see Tim & Eric Totinos). Imagine if Eric Andre made his own 5 Gum commercial.   The marketing team at 5 Gum were given an absolute blessing and they just threw it away. With the huge marketshare Wrigley has on gum, simply talking more about the experience of chewing gum (without focusing on terrible things like the experience of chewing expired gum) subliminally increases interest in all gum consumption. They have failed to do that IMHO.
Hey i have the zypher... Its pretty sick.
Im actually a pretty big gum chewer. its a nice thing to have when you just want to chew something, like you are kinda hungry but you just had a meal and dont feel like you should eat a whole chocolate bar or something. Its just something you can do to work the jaw. and you can go an hour or two with one piece.  Doesnt really matter the brand though as long as it lasts and doesn’t fall apart like some cheap lollipop center gum.
Yeah i get you trying to prove a point but can you fucking not do that into the mic with the gum thanks
take a shot every time he says ‘seriously’ 😂
IF YOU CHEW WITH YOUR MOUTH OPEN SURE, but just close it and chew regularly
_How it feels to chew 5 Gum:_ *HELP I CANT SHIT NO MORE!!!* _5 Gum. Stimulate your ferrets._
Watching those Five Gum Commercials at 11 PM during a weekend will forever be nostalgic and Calming.
Bro we really do be dancing out here lol do you even leave the room or do you just watch RS players all day?
5 Gum's branding strangely reminds me of men's hygiene products like body wash, high-tech shaving equipment, etc.
Scary how weird this works on people. Even me as a teenager just considered this a commercial for gum and nothing more; filtered out by my mind. Even benign ads actually convince people to buy tripe they don't need. Humans are useless
All I know is Spider-man loves 5Gum more than life itself.
3:20 If you wanna skip the stupid midroll product placement
How he didn’t say “the bubble about to burst” infuriates me
The 5 alternate reality lore is nuts looking. It reminds me of cologne commercials.
5 gum was supposed to be a dark sensory experience like doing drugs in a alleyway at night. It isn't my grandmas gum
Another banger!
discount pedro pascal?
Great vid, Yumyulack.  Can't wait till the next one
It's gum geared to x-smokers
The chick in the flare commercial is my childhood babysitter!
Ngl you look like pedro pascal
What Wrigley's need to do next is embrace the meme, because that's the one thing that actually gave them the best publicity later on in the years. I can't *COUNT* how many "How it feels to chew 5 gum" compilations made me laugh my ass off back when i was a teen, that's where the money lies.
5 gum... the gum with a flavour that lasts 5 seconds.
And now a word from our sponso- Skipppppppp
It was amazing how much they pushed the competition to innovate. I remember unique artwork inside packaging, magnets to close the case, and so many new flavors when companies were trying to compete with 5. Now everyone has reverted back to pre-2007 marketing
Not gonna lie, this video made me want gum more than the ads did
I was convinced 5 gum had been discontinued years ago.
The 90s just called, they want the insane "improves focus" claim back.
All they had to do was market it to ravers
We need a 5 Gum x Andrew Tate x AXE collab
Im over 30 and i still loke 5 gum. They did discontinue some flavors i liked. But overall, it still feels like gum, but cooler.  I mean, its just gum, but it seems a little diffrent. A sleek black package of gum.
I never knew gum was so political and controversial 😂
But- i get ads with that slogan tho- the ski guy with a chiwuawua? Maybe not as extreme but…
they're in their celebrity endorsement era rn
I'm no big city gum marketer, but when young people started buying mints instead of gum I would have started making mints
I used to always buy the Cobalt. strong mint but not overwhelming, package fit well in my bag and pocket and the gum won't get crushed or glued to itself.  But once other brands adopted that style, I started buying whatever brand I saw first that had these qualities.
I was 16 when 5 Gum first came out and it got me interested. Their commercials were cool and everyone in my school was liike what is this black gum lol and I was like the box is black, the gum is color matched to the flavor advertising. We all thought it was cool for a hot second. I soon realised that I not only dont really care for how gum feels or tastes in my mouth after a while I completely stopped chewing gum like two or three years later. They were still in their height in 2009-2010 and I was like nah bruh, aint for me anymore. The packaging and early commercials were cool as shit tho, you had to be there at that time I think. Also smart tech wasnt really a thing yet and we all still used TV and Cable so internet marketing wasnt really anything like what marketing has morphed into now. That "youre a young 20-somethings" advertisement looks like hyper shit to me and I literally was in my twenties at that time.  Also p.s. gum feel horrible to me and I HATE the sounds of people smacking on gum, literally would rather rip my ears off. Not to mention the disgusting CHILDREN who take gum out of their mouths, dont save the fucking foil, and place the wad somewhere...usually where your hand or foot with somehow naturally go goddamit!!!
I really liked five gum back as a teen, cobalt especially, but the other ones like RPMs were good, and honestly I'd still pick it over any other gum, for flavor   too not just brand recognition
shout out JID tho
Such a handsome boy!
that intro took 8 minutes what in the wrold 😂 7:52
I bought 5gum today at work for the first time in years. I thought something was different, but couldn't put my finger on it, but it was definitely the flavor name. Just boring "peppermint" great timing on the video
How it feels to chew 5 Gum:  HELP I CAN'T SHIT NO MORE  5 Gum. Stimulate your ferrets.
My mom and I liked 5 gum when it first came out. The flavor lasted a lot longer than any of the other gum. This video reminds me that I probably haven't chewed gum in 14 years or so.
A lot of people chew gum while playing video games. But synonymous? No. Also, their claim that 5 improves focus and such? Literally that is just an intrinsic property of chewing.... Anything.
This channel will reach 100k in no time. I bet my life on it.
It’s John 117, Master Chief Petty Officer is a rank not a name.
Those original commercials and the really cool feeling and looking packaging made this gum feel so cool.
Excellent video! New subscriber!
It makes sense that gum in general is less and less popular now; gum is annoying. The chewing while talking is rude and makes you look apathetic and immature in social settings. The flavor is gone after 5 minutes, and it’s permanently stuck to every sidewalk, clumps of hair, and restaurant tables they stick to without the ability to biodegrade whatsoever. We were essentially chewing on plastic, or whatever “gum base” is as an ingredient. Breath mints are a superior product.
I have a migraine right now and I was in a comfortable position watching this video trying to go to bed until the discord bit hit I laughed myself to another headache
Wriggley’s should have gotten into VAPES, that’s the new Gum circa 2016
Here, I am late at night watching a random 20-minute video about a gum brand I know barely anything at all about and enjoying the video. Good job to the creator for making a video about gum entertaining.
those "this is how it feels to chew 5 gum" memes were a better campaign than anything officially made in the last decade by Wrigley's
I... I always chew gum while gaming. It's a stim thing. I can't focus unless I'm gnawing on something. If it's not gim it'll be the insides of my cheeks
The you tube algorithm came through yet again
I think the need for infinite growth is the problem here. I shit you not, it’s been my preferred brand of gum since I was in middle school in the mid-2000s. They captured a market and can’t be bothered to come up with new stuff for the next generation
The Mortal Kombat 11 champion was chewing gum during the EVO 2023 Grand Finals. Maybe there's some actual weight behind the better gaming claim.
"the popularity of gum is still in the dumpster."  ..............the gum dumpster?
5 is the Mtn Dew Gamer Fuel of gum.
I've been getting 5 gum ads on my spotify lately and the way they worded it makes it sound like they want you to commit a school shooting (also excel gum is 10 times better than 5)
I can't believe I watched a whole video about a over hyped chewing gum.
I love this channel. I like how every video is a completely random topic that I just so happen to be interested in. Maybe it's because everything is loosely related to the 2000s? idk. Thanks for making these videos man. Have a good day or night.
The early Five Gum ads had convinced me to purchased a couple of packs of game and it did taste extreme in my opinion. After a minute of chewing it started to taste like rubber. After the early ads I thought it disappeared as I did not seen it's ads until this video and oh my these new ads are awful.
please shave your moustache
How it choose to cheese five bees... simulate a census.
Nobody wants to spend 6 dollars on a pack of gum
you have reminded me of Hubba Bubba bubble gum. It was all the rage back when I was at school which is a very long time ago now. ie. Way before Internet was a thing.
How chews to feels gum it five
The packaging looks more like condoms than chewing gum.
9:05 "laughs in arthur morgan"
hearing a 5 gum ads went from omg he said the thing to shut up it's a gum stick not a magic life changing experience
As someone who hasn’t had a stick of gum in half a decade this is fascinating
The only thing i remember about 5 gum is the memes
I agree that the original 5 Gum commercials are the coolest and some of the most artistic advertising campaigns I've ever seen! The ads still remain audibly jolting to this day for me.
Winterfresh crawled so 5gum can soar and eventually crash and burn
Why don’t I remember any of this?
5 was the coolest gum out there when those original commercials came out. And the memes oh god the memes! Truly it was a golden age.
As someone who’s always hated fake mint flavour I used to chew the orange tropical flavour 5 (Lush? I think). They were one of the first brands that I remember really marketing their non-minty flavours and as an impressionable tween at the time it did feel kind of grown up to chew 5 over bubblegum. I still remembering it being the like fruit paintball commercial after all these years.  But also like 2008 to 2012 was a weird era in gum. You literally couldn’t open a pack without everyone putting their hand out for a piece. You could literally deal gum in school😂
The second there is any mention of those first commercials, they all come flooding back and I can hear is "How it feels to chew 5 gum" and "stimulate your senses". I still vaguely remember the "Life happens in 5", but 99% of the time, I forget they were actually about gum. Never knew about any of the stuff after that.
I love to hate ads and subscribed for this. I could hate on advertising all day
5 gum made some great memes.
i was just binge watching your videos and you interupted that with a brand new upload. thanks I GUESS
Whatever the green one was, I really liked it. But I'm old enough now that I have to wear dentures. And gum is a big no-no with dentures. So, we have Altoids.
17:17 this was hullarious 😂
Back in 2013 when the video game Remember Me was release I would replaced the catch phrase " stimulate your senses" with "Stimulate your Sensen". Sensen being the cybernetic implant from the game that let you relive memories. To this day, 5 gum's catchphrase for me will always be stimulate your SenSen.
Still my gum of choice 😂
Still my favourite gum.
these videos always seem to have a slow start- HEY NOW WAIT A MINUTE
You did it again,  slow! For the record, I think your mom made a great choice opting for the Displate with the llama holding the coffee cup!
I think you know a marketing gimmick is good when referencing it can serve as a stock punchline. "How it feels to chew 5 Gum" is kinda immortal in that way.
I started watching this video yesterday but for some reason the link broke, I'm not sure if it's a reupload or if YouTube borked itself, very strange.
Your videos are fantastic...keep them coming
Honestly...I never liked the flavour of 5. I'm more likely to just pick up some Hubba Bubba or Double Bubble if I want gum.
I just realized I never learned how it feels to chew 5 gum.
18:21 YOOOOOO SHOUTOUT CRIMINAL RECORDS IN ATLANTA
mmm rain flavor
5 Gum, stimulate your ferrets
I was thinking this the other day. I was like “when was the last time I had 5 gum? When was the last time I’ve SEEN 5 gum?”
Oh sh*t slows got a new video!
I still miss 5's "Elixir" flavor to this day.
I really liked 5 gum when I tried it last, which was like 7+ years ago lol
Someone get the Wrigley team to watch this
I punched my buddy in the nuts once and told him this is how it feels to chew 5 gum
I tried 5 gum once when it was new. It was the least flavorful chewing gum I ever tried and stopped getting it immediately. Turns out the feeling of chewing 5 gum is less intense than the feeling of chewing on plastic straws, which is an actual bad habit I have and a lot of the reason I chew gum.
Great analysis. Beside from its marketing campaign, does this product provide any actual health benefits?
I remember in middle school people would make bracelets and necklaces out of 5 gum wrappers 😭
5 gum made me feel like I was in the Matrix fighting code baddies alongside Neo and Trinity
intelligent fella! good work ❤
I miss old 5. I used to buy a pack of Cobalt all the time as a kid. Goated flavor btw.
I remember these commercials. I was 13 in ‘07, and I remember begging my mom to buy it for me in Target. This, Axe, and Vault soda were the products made 2007 an unforgettable year for me 😂
I've now started to seek out as many of those advertising posters and have successfully found many
TIL that i was born in the same year  and month as 5 gum
I once chewed 5 gum and it turned into a paste in my mouth
Didnt know you were pedro pascals son
Ok but it worked, cuz i remember my brother who was like 16-17 in 2008 ONLY chewed 5 gum. while drinking his monsters and hiding his bionicles under his bed.
Was watchin’ a colonoscopy on x(formerly known as twitter) turns out it was a 5 gum ad.
Understandable response at 7:44…
Amazing as always start!
Gum sales are plummeting? Good. Because whenever I hear a mf chewing it I have to leave the room.
Wrigleys left the german market this year. And of course I craved gum, went to the nearest store and was a little shocked to see literally everything gone😕
Those first set of ads were legitimately iconic. It's funny, I don't ever remember seeing a 5 gum ad apart from those.
Am I the only one who thinks you look like Pedro Pascal?
Suprised you didn’t mention the Alternate Reality Game 5-Gum did
The classic 'How it Feels to Chew 5 Gum' ads were a meme a bit ago, I'm surprised they never hopped on that train to bring it back
Dude I've been detached from the adverse for so long. I had no idea.
Marketing is one hell of a drug
Bro looks like zoomer Pedro Pascal.
5:03 This scene is from Spy Kids 1.
They had it right the first go around. I remember more than a few times joking with friends and saying "HOW IT FEELS TO CHEW 5 GUM" after doing some stupid stunt or sitting in a massage chair or whatever, that phrase and the thrilling visuals was the gimmick and to sway from it wasn't ideal. To keep people you need a quality product so I'd say from there it's just about the flavors. I haven't chewed gum in a while but I remember getting the Cobalt (Peppermint) flavor a few times back in the day and it tasted generic but good. The Limited Edition kinda flavors were pretty nice and different and I'd try them here and there, those were the most enticing (I don't chew gum often so enticing is a bit of an exaggeration but if I found one that tasted good enough maybe I would)
i feel like if they brought back the how it feels slogan while marketing to gamers it couldve worked, but all we got was cringe ads
You had me until the "guys who are into Andrew Tate" line.  Why?
All you had to do was make another crazy cgi comercial.
I miss when 5 gum had a variety of flavors. Now it’s like three different mint flavors of mint and a watermelon flavor:/
I’m surprised it took Wrigleys nearly a decade to start marketing 5 Gum to gamers. The packaging of 5 already had that sleek, black on neon colour aesthetic of gaming brands like the Xbox and Razor, and their original demographic of 14 to 25 year old boys and men already overlap significantly with the gaming community, so pandering to them just seems like a no brainier.
You going for the Pedro Padcal look? Not bad tbh
I want to dislike the video for your gum chewing discord segment
This video is very funny to me because I stopped chewing 5 Gum right before they switched their marketing campaign, so I had literally no idea any of this happened. RIP Vortex, you were the best flavor. Second time in my life I mourn the loss of green apple mint. I guess we as a society still aren't ready for that one yet.
5 Gum rebranding itself to feel more unnervingly wholesome is something that's been driving me crazy because it seems that every old brand does it these days.
I appreciate you Pedro pascal teaching me about 5 gum
I loved this gum so much as a kid
Hey Youtube? Yeah it's me again. Why aren't we showing this guy to more users? This is SunnyV2 but without the monotone "put me to sleep" dialougue. You'll get right on that? Ok great. Yup...ok bye. *click* LET'S SEND THOSE LIKES AND SUBSCRIBES, GANG!
arent you mandalorian??? oberynn martell???
Woke up in the middle of the night to see a video essay drop on Wrigleys 5 Gum?? Incredible, I didn’t even know this stuff was sold outside the UK, watching immediately
Real ones watched the original upload
5 gum came out at a time where i was in middle school and high school and chewing gum was aloud so having any gum was really cool. The marketing and commercials from 5 made it popular thats for sure. But i'd say by my senior year 2012 it wasn't really big to chew gum at that point, id agree the mints were bigger.
When I saw the ads on television a lifetime ago, I thought it was going to be for something far cooler than gum. One of my younger coworkers only chewed 5, and I wondered why because it lost flavour fast and gained a mealy texture after 30 minutes or so.
I love to watch Great Value Pedro Pascal explain the history of a product that I as a non-North American have literally never seen in my life!
14:32 Silly me! I don't need Adderall to help with my crippling ADHD, I obviously needed CHEWING GUM
This is surreal at a few levels. Chewing gum may be one of the things I'm legit addicted to (If I'm out, and at my desk, eventually the feeling sets in that something is JUST WRONG), and yet I never considered its marketing this deep before. I didn't know it declined, and for some reason I just never figured someone was in a board meeting discussing edgy gum selling tactics for a young audience. And gamer gum? I will chew gum when I'm gaming, I get the focus potential, but still... gamer gum, wtf!? I mean, if any gum brand were to do it, 5 is the one with its dark backdrop and neon elemental infusion of colors, but still that's just so weird. The prior goofs also finally explains the stupid dare gimmicks on the packaging, I never quite got those. They almost made me feel weird for buying them, but once again, I don't stop to think "how do I identify with my gum" like some idiot marketing team is told to consider it. I just found Cobalt to be amazing. And once I learned not what marketing says, but what chemicals make gum good for your teeth vs those that are useless, I ditched Cobalt 5 for something better for me that was still pretty close to the flavor... because its just gum, its not about what phase of life I'm in. The topic to consider otherwise is as confusing, and surreal, as it is just curiously fascinating.
At school, people were dealing gum like drugs when I was growing up in the mid to late 2000s
5 COULD have done "Truth or Share" but they missed out on that big time
Love this guy. Can't get enough. Mwah.
Great content as always! And completely agree they should've stuck to their old ads, having old ppl talk about their biggest regrets was wild😂
6:08 The second saddest day in Toronto history, right behind the closing of GarfieldEATS
Gum: food you can't eat
Always happy to see you in my sub box!
wasn't their 2000s ad campaign a massive meme semi-recently?? like 'how it feels to chew 5 gum. [insert meme clip]. stimulate your senses.' was huge, and they did nothing to cash in on that?? amazing
All the cool kids had 5 gum back in school lmao
It was such a good gum. Long lasting intense taste. At least in Germany they shrinked the package size after four years and the quality decreased along with it. Instead of "Rain" it became "Spearmint". And now it disappears from the shelves. Meh.
That ending gave me flashbacks of how good the old 5 gum commercials really were ❤
Slow Start's videos are the hot youth brand for YouTube videos. But eventually, other YouTubers stole his views from the eyes of modern millenniums.   So we have to remind them that Slow Start's videos are the gateway to intriguing videos! ❄️🔥🌿
DEJA-VU! I HAVE BEEN IN THIS PLACE BEFORE,
19:20 HE SAID THE THING!
What are the kids chewing on these days?
I think smokers fueled a lot of the gum purchasing; less smokers, less gum sold.
YAY! another slow start video!!
lol i like how so many people do the jake tran thumbnail still
If they wanted to make it like their old commercials but relatable, they should've showcased activities that are akin to the senses of the gum. Imagine someone in a snowboarding competition at night for the mint flavor or someone getting into a hot tub for the hotter flavor (idk).
The marketing campaign was so good i remember buying 5 as a kid thinking it would be the best experience i will ever feel. It was just fine but i do think its good gum
This was recommended to me a couple weeks after buying my first pack in several years.  Right.
Bro! You look like a younger Pedro Pascal!
this vid went crazy style. good work.
Dudeeee its pedro pascal
5 gum truly fell from grace. Amazing video.
I miss the "how it feels to chew 5 gum" memes.
I'm in college and my last project which I've just finished a week ago was to produce a gum packadging why did this video have to come out a week after I've finished 😢
re upload lets go!
Why does this guy look like Pedro Pascal
gott myndband ég elska þessa rás
5 Gum the gum that good memed to death with the How it Chews Campaign.
Those early "How it feels to chew 5 Gum" commercials had some of the coolest visual design work I've ever seen, even to this day.
So THAT'S HOW IT FEELS TO CHEW 5 GUM!
Babe wake up, Slow Start unprivated his video again
how does it feel to have the sense of deja vu?
Roses are red,  Violets are blue.  I'm not quite sure why this was reuploaded, and neither do you.
Surprised this apeared in my recommended 30 seconds after it was posted lmao
Why the repost?
Why the reupload?
Thanks for watching guys. You guys can get a great deal on Displate by using my link https://www.displate.com/slowstart or my discount code SLOWSTART to get up to 33% OFF until December 24th, 2023. I'm a previous customer of Displate and I couldn't recommend them more.
Deja vu
