I can't believe they managed to alienate all of Bastion's old fans, and at the same time make Bastion more annoying to deal with
I miss the stationary turret mode :( I haven’t played since covid era and before that I was playing in 2016-2017. Overwatch 2 dosent feel as rewarding when you get kills
His rework is so BAD!!!!!!!!!!!
Hate the change. 😢
bring back tank form
Bring back Bastion's self heal
Honestly they just need to rework bastion into the tank category similar to doomfist plus unlike doomfist JQ and zarya the bastion has a tank like size
put him back to overwatch 1 before you deleted overwatch 1
Bastion mains crying is so funny
the simplified design looks like dog water bruh
Widowmaker getting folded is my favorite part of this video. 1:17
I miss the old BASTION so much
disgusting
Great way to ruin a perfect character, nothing was wrong with him, I’m fine about the new design but hate the fact there is no stationary sentry, no tank and self repair, these made bastion hard to fight against and fun to play as. Those memories will still live with me
Bring back old Bastion. This one blows 👎🏿
😍☺️🤗☺️😍❤️‍🩹❤️❤️‍🔥❤️❤️‍🔥
I dont like that they turned bastion into a car
HAHAHA
the only thing I dont like is the new ultimate. Older ult is way better.
I mean he kinda got his self repair back
The movable sentry gun form makes up for the tank
Hat
Add the self repair back please god hes so weak.
"Bastion is going through huge changes"  Gives him a hat😅
Booo you suck blizzard booo you killed bastion booooo
Worst hero change in OV2
Good job on ruining one more hero! :D
Man if only they could of made a new hero with these skills instead of reworking bastion, but overwatch doesn't have new heroes choices so this was the only option.
BRING OLD BASTION BACK!!! 😡😡😡😠😠😠😡😡
Poor Bastion, he was already never picked in 1, now he simply doesn’t exist anymore. I enjoyed playing as him.
Thanks, I hate it
Self Heal again pls
Great work Blizzard, Bastion its now reduced to just deal with Rein Shield, this rework was nothing but a pretty big nerf to him, his primary fire speed got nerfed, his damage got nerfed, his turret form now have a cooldown, he cant heal himself anymore despite being an character with the hitbox of a Tank and his new ultimate sucks pretty much because everyone can just move out of it in time and you need to land all of them to kill someone.
I stop playing OW just because they took out self heal for bastion, is completely silly,  i dont mind much the other changes but that completely broke the character, ive never relied on team healers and bastion is usually played AWAY from the team for maximum effectiveness, you NEED self heal is not optional, and whi on earth i cant play OG overwatch anymore, i PAID for that game, plenty of people obviously still want to play, the game is not that old (at least as CFPS go, is a baby still)
i like this bastion better honestly
nooooooooooooo why get back overwatch 1 :
with the new overwatch two finnaly here we have a few changes for bastion bastions ult has been deleated for a garbage one that enemys can see from 745 miles away and can barley kill a tracer taking 3 hits to kill 1 tracer 2 no more heals bastion can no longer self heal but we have given him a crappy gernade that does about 50 damage and goes very slowey and for the final rework we made it so bastion cant use turret mode for more then 8 seconds but we have him garbage movement speed so its more like a nerf with no bonus since every hero can hit you anyway
top 10 worst reworks. number one:
Rework Mei and Phara next
Literally nobody asked for this rework
The old bastion is just better
Bring back his self heal and revert his alt let him keep the grenade as well
give old ult back
L game
The first arrangement they had to make, would be that torbjorb can heal him.
i know you won’t see this but i hope you will cause please bring back self repair, bastion’s hitbox is too big for his role so without it he’s easily killable.
I think you should be able to swap bastions abilitiys.A lot of people prefer the old bastion and it would make sense to be able to change swap abilitiys since he is a robot.
This is so dumb there's nothing good about this at all eight f**king seconds on the turret mode and nerfed his damage by 40% yeah we'll all really happy with this f**king pile of garbage rework.
Can you make bastion have his bird friend that would be cool
pls make bastion op agian
old ultimate was more more better
oof
That artillery strike is the most useless ultimate, make it so the strike comes down faster, it takes ages
I feel like older bastion is a bit better
Jeff Kaplan come back
he sucks now, i would only play this game because of him and now they ruined him
The old bastion ult was better.
R.I.P to all the Bastion mains they nerfed our boy
They just made bastion bad but op at the same time??
just my thoughts seing this: bastion is an autonomous killing machine designed to swarm and self sustain (within lore) and the sentry mode and self repair made perfect sense with that(or atleast the self repair).Now within blance the sentry mode makes sense cause u: give up all mobility so u can denie an area wich forces the enemy to adapt and eighter use all of the team or flank to get rid of the problem and the self repair reduces the healer workload so they can focus on those who are at the centre front line wich all makes sense within balance. Now we have a bastion that can just take heals from the medic who could have healed a teammate and dumbrushes in and gun down anything that isnt genji with deflect(wich also dosent realy make sense but im not getting into that) or any class that can spawn a shield (wich still might die ,reinhart isnt the hardest enemy even tho hes designed to counter him(within lore ))so in conclusion u have : made him weaker in defense and on his own and stronger on offense and with a healer very strong
The rework sucks. the hat doesn't add anything to his character, all his new abilities don't go with the actual lore and it ruined his actual purpose and backstory as what he was. his ultimate is absolutely trash and doesn't do any damage. His new sentry form cooldown is absolutely garbage, bring back 2018 bastion.
The way they talk, I don't like It. Repeating "we are excited about this" doesn't make it exciting, we are the judge of that, in every video made they say it continuously, what's the point?
Yeah i used to be a bastion main and bastion now is boring. Sometimes you can get good plays but most of the times its litterally just hiding and saving your hp waiting for the sentry cooldown... Not fun if you ask me. Barely see people playing him. Out of 10 games hes played probably 4 games...
They wanted bastion to stop hiding behind his barrier in turret configuration and getting pocketed so their solution was to remove his self heal so he needs a pocket 24/7 due to the amount of aggro he has, and then make his recon mode useless so the only time you can safely engage is in turret configuration. Not sure what their goal was here
The only cool and balanced rework out of them all was Orisa's. Everyone else (Doomfist👎, Sombra, Bastion and Symmetra) were meh. Especially Doomfist's. The people who are behind the heroes reworks need to be fired. They've lost their vision of an AAA+ Hero shooter game. They degrade the game. Worse overwatch days are infront of us. Because of the incompetent devs
I’m just pissed because they left his highlight and victory posses the same
Sathon7 11-9-22 who played Bastion on Kings Row Raped Jesus Christ.
I like the self-repair for bastion/E54 so I can just stay at or move with the objective instead of finding a healthpak but since the change, I can't do that now. : (
Great so u buffed Bastion. He is even now stronger and more annoying.
Plus. Keep sticy granade
I have an idea for pve bastion rework. At the start of nis ultimate put artilery strikes at start for max time of 6 seconds and rest of ultimate is his tank mode for 8 seconds. Give him back his healing kit (left arm transform), give him back his turet sheld from owerwatch. And keep the moving turet abilty. And if you dont like the idea for pve include it in your next game.
Ok so hear me out  H A T
I think it's awesome but I wish yiu kept the repair ability though
Removed his self heal even though he's the biggest DPS character in the game and get shot at more than roadhog
I really like this rework; the mobility and element of surprise with the stickybomb looks really fun & his ult looks sweet. Obviously the biggest point of contention is the loss of self-heal which I may have opted to keep and axe the tank mode in its stead.
"they gaved bastion a hat" *everybody liked that*
Pls return ex bastion
I miss the turret and self heal
I don't liké this rework, I loved his abylity to repair and the static turret was badass, just because of the one with no skill that can't beat bastion their nerf him and give him new just for call it a "rework"
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Blizzard: We made a big rework. Also blizzard changes fire rate switches turret with tank mode and switch out a ability wow how is that even possible to be this uncreative
Torbjorn Got A Assistant!
Now that I have played him I can say with confidence that I much prefer the old Bastion and don't particularly like the new one.  The sticky grenade feels weird and I think a worse replacement than the self heal.  Bastion is a big character so having a way to heal was nice.  I also really dislike the fact that you can only effectively play as Bastion every 12 seconds.  That feels awful.  I would rather they tone down the effectiveness of the minigun mode than force you out of it.  The reload was a smart way to do so.  His new ultimate is good though and actually I think more fitting of his old design and more out of place on his new design.  As a Bastion main I am finding it hard to even want to play what I used to.  It is just feels worse.
"play of the game" same as usual afking while mowing down everybody.
Cool. When i finally get my SMS to play the game, will definitely try new bastions.
Why did you rework it?
Devs: *tank mode is no longer in game* POTG: *are you sure about that?*
I like bastion I just wish you didn’t ad that little timer
It's just completely stupid that he can kill a Reinhardt with full shield and life in about 3 seconds
Bastion being one of the biggest, slowest and  vulnerable characters in the game and you get rid of his self heal? I’m fine with everything else but getting rid of his self heal is stupid.
Heh "3 points"
Our cute robot baby is back! Welcome to overwatch bastion :)
U basically destroyed the character.
I thought I would like the rework, but it just doesn't feel right to me.  Bastion has always had the fast firerate and minigun ability.  The repair ability seemed to fit his character more than the sticky bomb too.  And why would you try to modernize it, I'm pretty sure that defeats the purpose of all his lore.  To me, if you wanted to change his minigun ability you could've just kept it the same except with an actual long reload.  That way he'll actually have a weak spot during the move, being during a reload of course.  But hey, I'm not the game designers.
The made sentry just a little bit better while making the Ult, recon, and alt-fire worse
the hat is nice
This is a great rework, but I think he desperately needs his self heal. He is too easy to kill
L rework
Look at all the people that suck at the game crying they nerfed their character LMAO
Bro the cooldown
id pay the price of a brand new AAA game (60 euros for me) to be able to play the old bastion in overwatch 2 over this remake
I thought Bastion was just a Mandela effect
old bastion better
Why what is there left of him he is nothing without his gun that goes brrrrrrt
add repair and unlimit time sentry mode plssssssss
I cant choose bastion
the self heal was bastion signature ability, reducing the support workload so they focus on the others. The strength of bastion was his ability to play aside his team, be autonomous and create no man zone. The lack of mobility was the tradeoff to his insane firepower, i am not sure this is a good change. But well not like we can play it anyway, since it's been removed from the game cause of a bug...
So...this...it's chronological, right? So...he just woke up one day and said, nah, Imma change 50% of how I operate?
Hes trash now nobody will use him anymore
Ура новый бастион заль я его не увижу в игре
“Transformers, Robots in Disguise.”
I want old Bastion ,please
So reworked he was removed -_-
yo who is this bastion guy
Instead of Artillery (since it’s bugged), how about a lock-on missile turret mode. Like Cassidy’s Dead-eye, but with missiles.
My boy bastion is dead
Bastion should have more life less damage and become a tank
nice meme
rip bastion to: 2014 2022
So why was bastion completely removed from the game? Torb is also being fixed but he's still in the hero gallery and playable in qp but bastion is just gone?
Wow this rework for Bastion is insane! Reworked him out of the game.
Bastions looks awesome, sure wish I could play him
Still op but not the same
Just remove him no One Will play him after rework 😢
"Look at what they did to my boy"
did not age well
My boy...what did you guys did you my boy 😭
I don't rlly like any of the changes except the no spread i liked how he could not move while in sentry mode I liked the tank (a lot) I loved the repair hand I just want old bastion back. ):
just bring old bastion back
Please dont remove him from the game he is my fave and is awesome
Pls bring back the old bastion
Put him back in the game you savages
Pathfinder has a brother
The true Bastion rework was deleting him from the game.
They killed bastion and mc cree so bad
Ah eh y change him? Bastion was my favourite character as  i always won. I hâte timers.
Nerf bastion
Bastion isn't available on ps4
The rework is hes completely gone
am i the only who think Bastion was better before this rework? :|
So he sucks now
They may be balanced, but they are doing everything they can to remove what made the characters interesting. Good job Blizzard.
wow this looks cool, cant wait to get on the game and go play bastion!!
Overwatch pls add back the healing bc the ball thing is bad bc it goes sometimes in the walls for me. Pls fix it @overwatch
When is he coming back i liked that guy
Tbh, this new bastion seems amazing.  There is some hate on that new grenade launcher but honestly, it has potential. Imagine seeing a low enemy running to cover then you use the grenade launcher to ricochet the bomb off a wall and onto the enemy and getting the kill.  Then there is the ultimate.  I believe that a situation that ability is useful is when the enemy is distracted on your teammates.  Imagine being back at spawn or behind cover and you activate the ultimate while your teammates are fighting.  You see the targets, set up the shots, fire, and then hit the enemy as they were too busy with your teammates than with your ultimate.  With those few changes alone, it seems like an amazing upgrade.  While things like the self heal is gone, because of the SUPPORT characters, bastion will have better healing and will be able to deliver heavy damage with his bullets and explosives without needing to exit battle briefly to heal in the corner.  With so much possible ways to win battles, it just makes bastion into an even better character to play as and a better teammate for others in your team to rely on.
too bad we can't play him 💀
Fix him and Bring him back
When will he be added to the game?
I like the changes except no self heal. He has been nerfed
Look how they massacred my boy
Yeah no don’t like the new bastion bring back the old one please 🙏 miss mowing down gamers now I can’t do that healing ability miss that now too!
basically he got nerfed
Bastion is now a triple former
Sorry I prefer his old design. Give me big bulky robot!
Its a bad rework as always you all did bad at bastion hanzo and many more
I think Bastion would be way better to play if its "self-healing" ability was still there.  Or the ultimate needs an overhaul, but I like it a lot worse the way it is now than in OW1.
I don't find bastion in the game why?
I wanted to play Bastion today,but when i opened a character list, I realized that there is no bastion, like character just gone
He just got removed from the game! Why???.😢
I would rather have the self heal than the grendade. I feel like the grendade won’t be that good tbh
ok so right now why is bastion NOT in the hero gallery nor in game?!?!?!
I don't see bastion in my damage heros
Sooo....when is blizzard reverting bastion back to his viable, non bullet sponge, useful DPS self? Am i the only one who finds bastion is completely unplayable compared to OW1?
And they said they would never add transformers
I like Bastion, but personally i preferred his older appearance
Bro I keep trying to use reconfigure but it never works bru
"look at how they massecured my boy"
No
Terrible rework!
I love it this design of bastion
no wonder people don't like sequels
WHERE IS HIS SELF REPAIR
imagine showing this to someone during the early overwatch days
Bring Back the Self Heal PLS
Bastion is unplayable now.  His grenade just doesnt work. Awkward to aim, does little damage and has a long reload.  His main recon gun is far too weak and as you spend the majority of your time using it... its just painful.  Turret up time = 8 seconds. Turret down time = 12 seconds.  Because he has a limited window to do any real damage, it can be completely countered by numerous character using some form of deflecting ability or shield, rendering the only good thing going for him, absolutely useless.  The act of switching in and out of Turret mode itself usually gets you killed due to the animation time.  Bastion is being forced into being more aggressive. However, he has absolutely no way of dealing with these situations. He has no way of deflecting incoming damage, no way to heal, no maneuverability to get away. The combination of that and him being a big target... annihilation.  At first I thought the ultimate might be bastions saving grace. Unfortunately, his new ultimate is worse than his old one. It's unreliable, can be awkward to use and more often than not, you don't get a single kill - its literally a game of luck.  Bastion has been butchered.
They just buried the character.🤧🤧🤧 1. The machine gun for 7 seconds is simply nothing, the accuracy of the machine gun is 20% 2. A ricochet grenade with 0 damage. 3. The robot has a cap, well, at least they didn’t attach eggs.😵 4. Hand gun speed: slow, damage: 0. 5. There is no treatment. return the previous version, or the ability to choose.
I'm gonna be honest, this rework is terrible.
Gonna miss that self repair...
Overwatch 2  Bastion gets his T-cog fix and now can be a real transformer
Why didn’t they take him out altogether
Looks like bastion will not be “bastion” anymore.  There are games where bastion is so OP that I can team kill with it, it being unable to move is just a good challenge to have.
So the character who has no mobility, a Tank-sized hitbox, and now only one window to do actual damage had to lose their self-repair ability. Why? Especially when Soldier 76 exists... It seemed like they never knew what to do with this universe and IP but this is really the nail in the coffin that proves it. Ripped out the guts of a character that WAS intetesting to homogenize the roster and appease players whose sense for game design is lacking. Great.
U just straigt up ruind bastion
Welcome to paladins. oh wait...
I LOVE THIS REWORK
Ya ruined doom and now bastion 🥲
I loooove it!
I like the old bastion
nice but wish they kept self repair maybe nerf it
It's trash , blizzard are making the heroes worse , unfortunately the game is dead now and I don't think these changes would awaken it from death
Getting rid of his self heal is kinda weird. Like every player knows that focusing bastion is one of the most important things to do and that self heal helps counter that. The other changes seem cool but that in particular is definitely going to be a challenge to play without
why do i feel like i am the only one who is a bastion main?
Not excited for that alternate fire tbh.
I will kinda miss the self heal option
No self repair button AT ALL !  OMG they ruined him
He shouldn’t have sentry mode full stop😑
As a bastion main you really did us dirty. Taking away self heal was an awful idea, I'll explain why. Bastion has a huge hitbox, easy for anyone to hit or get headshots on, he does a lot of damage so he gets a lot of the enemy's focus, tracers, dvas, sombras, reapers ect all love to dive bastion. He dies so easily even with self heal, 100 iron clad before his 200 hp and being pocketed. And you ruined his recon. his recon saves him at close rang, which his gun now doesn't thrive at. Getting kicked out of turret mode is going to get him dived on, shot at and killed, and now a healer HAS to give him all those resources just to keep him alive. He will be running around with an average gun, huge hitbox and target on his back until he gets turret back. The ult is going to be useless in so many team fights ans situations, if your team is losing the fight you have to run away, find cover and then drop your ult? His ult is not going to clutch many team fights at all, hes going to die more now than before. Nerf his self heal, sure, lower turret damage but give him mobility, sure, take away iron clad... sure, but that alone would make him an easy kill. The bare minimum is give him self heal back or he will be useless. I feel like you added the grenade to try and make up for taking away the rocket jump, and giving him more high spots to get to. But the jump shots are useless without the follow up ult shot, and getting above your team is just going to get you more fire from the enemy. I am very disappointed you reworked him just to take away his biggest weakness, and his greatest strengths, which were already so weak as soon as you pick him your whole team tilts, throws, rages and flames. I know a lot of people say his self heal is "boring" but then so 76's self heal. If you give him the same self healing as before it will still be weaker than OW1 bastion because he won't have armor, reaper ults and many other ults will kill him. I understand if you don't want him to stop shooting to heal, and you want him to be with the team, but taking away self healing is not the solution. You could give a passive that his self heal comes out and starts healing him when he stops taking damage or something. Bastions don't play away from there team just because we want to, it was just way harder to be set up when the teams move, and ults could end you when you can't move away, we WANT to play with our team but being immobile in a team fight made that impossible. Now you are forcing him to play with the team by making him weaker, which is not what he needs. You fixed the problem of bastions having to flank or set up far away from the team by making able to move in turret. I get you don't want him to just stay in turret the whole match. You could instead make him have to reload in recon, or make his gun overheat after it fires a whole mag and only let it cool off in recon, you could give him iron clad in recon but not in sentry, make him only be able to self heal in recon and not sentry, there are options if you just think about it or talk to bastion mains... His ult would viable in any team fight if he was unable to die while setting it up, like a doomfist ult, instead he can die and kill himself... If he gets ult on overtime, a cart or point he can not use it... REALLY? Giving him self heal won't make a flanker, hes too big and slow for that. You want him to play with the team but give him an ult that will kill him if he uses it while hes with the team? Bastion gets poked at A LOT, he gets jumped and losses 1v1 with the actual flanking heros. He wants to play around the team and the map objective more than 76, but not being mobile makes that very hard. This is why your game is dying, you don't listen to who's voice matters. You are losing me as a player if you keep the bastion reworks, he sucks, I learned to play around his weaknesses and use his strengths. I enjoy the challenge, hes the only hero that makes me keep enjoying the game. I bought around 7 overwatch accounts, main bastion on all of them, only play comp and went from bronze in season 3 to plat a few seasons later. I play other heros too but you really made the bastion community upset with these changes.
As long as Bastion doesn't have upward mobility or an escape, he'll continue to be bottom tier dps.
I miss tank boi….he was in these streets making a clean sweep. Guess dreams don’t always last long does it
i hate this rework but for game balance
Still think sentry mode should be permanent cause healing, and attack speed is gone
co oni ci zrobili ?
As a bastion main, I'd say they did a good work,kinda sad to see his self heal gone,but I think I prefer the new bastion
гг балансу
Bastion being able to move absolutely sucks. The whole purpose of him in gatling mode was he was STUPID powerful, but was susceptible. Now he can do both. This is bad
tragic
I wish Ganymede was used as a special ability without being in harms way.
IMHO the sentry mode changes took a character that had a niche n turned it in to just another generic DPS.
I've always love to hop in front of tanks and melt them with the minigun, that's a win for me
Am I the only one who doesn't like this change?
I love Overwatch but I hate Blizzard now, I may or may not play Overwatch 2
So....they just murdered my boi bastion here wow
Played the beta give him back his heal 3 ability’s seems fair for him he gotten so much worst without a healing factor if you don’t want a healing factor give him more health you made a useless character in overwatch 1 feel like a useless character in 2
what have they done to my boy
Worst change ever
with his big hitbox and no heal , bastion is absolute useless and be killed by any hero even healer
The tank mode is soo slow it might as well be old sentry. Pls at least make him able to strafe juke shots in tank mode. Even in assault he is very team reliant for heals when taking every single shot, this does not reward gameplay. It forces you to flank, or use team resource abilities. This new tank mode is hold lmb with heal/shield or from cover peeking. Its bad when bastion rely on team 24/7 since no self heal now and he isnt even any more survivable in so called assault mode. In 1 v 1 you lose if you arent already in assault mode. And you lose anyway in prolonged fights. Even his ult is generous against the enemy...
Taking away self heal is the worst change ever made ult is better turret rework is cool makes him less op but come on taking away self heal is the worst thing ever it was so good to have not op at all and the grenade is cool but self heal is better. It would be sick if you could access the old abilities. Plzzzzzz keep self heal. Getting into a match with more than one healer is basically impossible so self healing is literally the best thing about bastion. And it would be cool if the Lego bastion came back out. 😢☹️🙁
Why take away self repair that’s the best part about bastion 😢😢😢😞
Devs: Bastion's tank form has been removed Me:ok that sounds nice Also the Devs:but his turret mode can now move  "Me realising that it moves like a tank" Also me' that is not what you call removed even though it still has a cool down
I’m kinda disappointed that we won’t be in bastions machine gun thing for the whole match- as someone who has bastion as a main this really messes me up
what have they done to me boy.......
Initially I was upset with changes, but I've changed my opinion. Bastion is so overpowered and broken atm in competitive, with mercy rez, double shields, etc. About time it he got a big rework.
He feels way more generic now
It has no mobility, no shield, no self heal. How to survive?
why??? OMG Bastion is supposed to be an old war machine, now he is modernized? HE Has a HAT???. The older one feels like a war machine, this one sounds more a PlayStation 5 with GUNS, Oh Jesus WHY JESUS !! what they done with you my bastion ;-;
Not a fan of the grenade (it just doesn't feel like it matches the vibes of the design) but everything else is awesome!
just delete this charakter
So they ruined Bastion…
I can move in turret mode?  Oh yea this is where the fun begins
I'm fond of turret mode having a cd. Makes the game less stale when there's a Bastion around imo.
gonna miss permanent sentry mode
So Bastion’s become a triple changer. Nice.
I CANNOT BELIEVE BASTION JUST GOT BUFFED!
Fake no hat in game
Awosome robot 🤖 ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
not a huge fan of taking out the self heals but I jam with the mobility on the turret and ult the sticky bombs are sorta neat too though its very diffrent from ow1 bastion also the hat is the best part :)
Tbh. This could've been a new character and I feel like it should've. Idk why but my military analyst side of me thinks of a Japanese islands variant of bastion since it seems more scout like and more mobile with a sacrifice of firepower. Something perfect for invading any multi island nation with
Taking the self heal is a huge loss but moving while in sentry mode is good
Now I miss the tank mode bruh
I actually don't get why they changed his super to something less interesting, and less skill based   I've seen some high skill plays with bastion, change that to a boring point and click thing, seems off...
All seems cool except the removal of auto repair. Having him be self sufficient was always one of his defining features besides the turret. I think removing that plus putting murder turret on a cooldown is going to be a mistake balance wise. Don't get me wrong, murder turret on cooldown in exchange for movement is a great change on its own, but I completely disagree with the removal of auto repair and no sticky bomb is going to make me miss it less.
I know a lot of people don’t mention it or think about it but I kinda can’t wait to see all these characters new legendary skins with their new looks and their new abilities
Please buff genji i beg of you
Thank God no more bastion camping in corner he has to now be mobile I like it Overwatch 2 is looking up
i dont get it yet, are all the reworks coming to the first ow at the same time as ow2 or is it only for ow2m
Well now Bastion is horrible. Yet another reason I’m not getting OW2.   His ult is lazy and lackluster, his alt fire is okay but not better than self repair, the sentry timer was needed.   If his ult is now going to be an artillery strike, then make it like an airstrike where it fires multiple smaller nades across a bigger area.
right click > left click
used to be a bastion fan. used to.  A robot that can't heal. a grenade that's useless (76 rocket is better) and his ult is just useless now.  they nerfed pretty much all characters.
Stupid... blizzard just turned OW2 into a Destiny 2. Total falure of a sequel game
Basically they took the wheels from his tank mode and gave it to the turret mode and took the stand legs from his turret mode and gave it to the tank mode XD
I'm sorry, but after playing beta, I can say confidently that Bastion is the worst character in the game now. Bastion has one of the biggest hurtbox's in the game and has always been a focus target, that is why he had ironclad and self repair. However without those, he dies unbelievable quickly and loses 9/10 of the duels he's in. His primary fire is cool but sentry, since it is slower and just a giant square hurtbox, it needs ironclad. The second he's in turret he becomes the main target in the enemy teams eyes, and he's so easy to kill, since he's slower, has no ironclad, and no self repair. Bastion before his rework was able to play with team, but also play a type of flanker, causing pressure from different angles. Now, Bastion HAS to play with team because without the support of nearly every other teammate, he is useless. He has just become a worse solider now, and even solider has a movement option, self healing, and a smaller hurtbox. As for Bastions grenade thing, it's really cool, but in beta it doesn't even do half HP to a 200hp character. Why the nerf in damage, it's already hard to hit and has a long cooldown. Also, Bastion is able to easily boost himself around with the nade. That's awesome, it's a movement option. However, he loses valuable HP that he can't easily get back, especially on his own. But with self repair back he could. Now for his ult, it's the worst in the game, easily. It is unbelievable situational and is nearly impossible to hit without grav to keep people stuck. The enemy team has a year to just walk away from the giant marker before the missile actually comes down. If you want to make the missile so slow, then just remove the marker, and if that's to strong then keep the marker but make it a LOT faster. Because the missile comes down like 3 seconds after the marker is shown. That is more than enough time to just shimmy away to safety. So, if I were to fix Bastion, I would give him an E ability which is self repair. And durring self repair he moves let's say 5-10% faster, so he can get out of harms way, because he is HUGE. Then I would add ironclad to sentry and his ult so he doesn't just get melted the second he enters those forms. That would allow Bastion to be able to play the game even without his entire team having to constantly be on him just to protect and keep him alive. For his grenade, I'd just made it do more damage, like 175 impact, the radius DMG can be scaled accordingly. Finally I would, honestly change his ult, like, if you held Q you'd get tank mode, but if you just tapped it you'd get the mortar mode. Tank can be the same as it was, but the mortar mode would have the missiles a lot faster. After you click to drop the missiles, about a second or less time would pass then the missile would land. I think these changes would made Bastion a lot more fun to play and a lot more viable. Letting him fight without the need to hide behind a team 24/7. He'll be able to be creative with his movement and his positioning without fearing instant death. His new ult will also make it a lot less situational and will make it actually useable. In the end, just please think about changing and fixing Bastion, because seriously, he sucks.
Torb in his workshop  Okay I’m gonna take off his self repair but I’m gonna make him a mortar
This brings a tear to my eye
Bastion should have a new ability that helps his healing. Perhaps have an ability that sends out Ganymede to retrieve the nearest health pack. And if it's a small health kit, it also reduces his cooldowns by 2 seconds or something.
This wont be coming to ov 1 right?
am excite
Oh ok so now he has Paladins Viktor ult
Thanks. I hate it.
Moving turret? Oh I'm gonna have a field day with this one.
jeff kaplan
I still kinda wish his tank became an ability. With less damage of course..
Even though I am going to miss Bastion’s old model, I can’t wait for Overwatch 2 to come out 😁😁😁
Get this garbage out of the game. Cheap AF
love the end
he had a hat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So basically the only thing they had to say is remember Galvatron from Transformers we put him in the game
Nah this rework ain’t it
Overwatch team: while in sentry mode bastion can now move  Me: this does put a smile on my face
Dishonerable bastoon is op and bastoon must stay op i dont like him but his first ultimate sucked and sentry mode shouldnt be limited
Man I’m sad miss the old model miss the self repair and gonna miss the spray hose that was his turret mode
Wish they made use of Ganymede in his kit somehow
Never forget about Honk Kong!!!
so the genji actually gon be bastion counter if he can able to reflect that sticky balls
Here's a Bastion main perspective: His new secondary fire is completely out of place and doesn't look fun or interesting to use on a character like Bastion. Removing his self-healing and putting a cooldown on Sentry mode is NOT a good tradeoff for the slightly better Recon primary fire and completely guts his identity. His new ult is cool, but I worry that it will not have a good enough impact, for an ult. 2/10 rework, will stop playing the character entirely if no change is made.
No...
"...we also gave him a hat."
Bationmain is about to destroy this game XD
He looks really fun to play as and to play against imo
I like the new Bastion. Fair, but still powerful. It's always a pain trying to work around that one Bastion sentry.
but funny tank ;-;
Its the year 2069, after 10 more sexual harrasment allegations and more shady stuff came out afte rinvestigations. Finally Overwatch 2 came out.
Bring back turret mode unless this game won’t be objective anymore. The rework have been mostly attacking but no defense at all.
This new team sucks lol so unenthisuastic
It's nice how they turned his character into less of a new player trap. Buffing his recon mode is awesome because he's the most fun to play as and play against when he's more of a mobile character
now it can't be nerfed anymore
I’m late to this party but this is the worst downgrade I’ve ever seen
Disgusted
And da bird ?
ngl a lot of this just kinda feels...  really out of place.  sticky granade... okay... i dont see why. sounds like echo's ability or tracers ult but with a slight tweek. also he doesnt even have a separate barrel on his model to hold it.  morter... i mean... no, he really doesnt need that. i mean its a neat idea but something that would fit on an entirely new omnic hero instead. maybe something like a new eradicator null sector troop.  the slower firing speed of his gun, okay i guess? though that does kinda defeat the purpose of it being an SMG/fast assault weapon as its depicted in the lore but fine, sure, whatever. ill chop it down to torbs motifications  and lastly bastions sentry form is now... a weird and ugly mashup of his tank and turret form. cause... i have no idea. it looks ugly, it feels really outta place, it just... doesnt... fit.  heres hoping these changes are only for the pvp and you can completely rework him to your own liking in the co-op mode skill tree system.
You gave him a hat
Is Bastion’s cap not the one Torbjorn wears with his archives skin?
"Bastion can NOW move"  You mean he can move again. Finally, we're back to beta, bois!
can the morter be changed back to the cannon and the minigun be the new mini gun
Bruuh
As a personal request I would like to unequip the hat
Maybe if the alt-fire shot like a grenade or artillery it would fit Bastion thematically.  That Moira looking orb things is a bit out of place.
Graphics got an upgrade but the UI got a major downgrade
I actually like the new bastion! sucks about no self repair though, but that's okay.
character update:  We gave him a hat
HELP- HE CAN MOVE IN SENTRY-
He was perfect as he was
very nice
Look how they massacred my boi
This appears to be a DRASTIC nerf!  He shredded players and created an area of denial..  This version crews an area of,, nothing.  Did you see that damage?  Pitiful..  Their insistence on removing characters/abilities/combos that can insta kill mean that players can’t be effectively punished for making poor decisions.  RIP Roadhog again, ai will never forgive.
Why get rid of self repair?
I like how they took the repair quirk out because it did kind of made bastion more op and make him more of a one-man army rather than a damage support character
YOU SHOULD'VE PICK MERCY
Tbf the biggest update is the hat
This looks awful lmao
yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
?
Guess im dropping my one and only main in all of overwatch, such a shame
hi
1:01 😂😂😂😂
some of these 'reworks' are straight up character deletions. why not just create new characters if youre going to completely change their move kits. you made the community wait 2 years for ONE new hero and 4 maps while deleting established characters. what a joke.
nerf bastion
Surprised this was only just recommended to me. That rework... actually seems pretty cool honestly.  I prefer the ultimate ability. I like being able to move around in sentry mode as it means rather than stay in one point you can actually do more it feels. Plus the reduced movement speed will likely move around the same speed as Reinhardt with his shield raised.  I don't like the alternative fire honestly, and I'm not a fan of auto repair being removed. I also liked his fully automatic weapon before.  Overall some good changes
I like bastion, but this rework is not bastion sry. I dont like this its bad idea. My favorite champ be braken.
I wonder how the meta will think about this
. .  Rip self repair
Nerf Bastion 2.0
Ew so disgusting
So they deleted pirate ship thank god
This is just a straight up buff
Ma boy
I think self repair change might be a real issue. Now he has less sustain and is more bursty.
"we know youre excited for moving turret" no, no we are not ffs
This is a nerf
"Now, finally, something we think you'll all be excited about." Me, thinking they finally will nerf bastion's secondary mode: *:D* "While in Sentry form, *Bastion can now move"* Me: *Wait what*
Look how they massacred my boy.
bastion: gets rework  the rework: *HAT*
Bro they made Bastion a fricking ASMv outta WoT
No way did they nerf bastion?! Like the song said?!
Balanced, as all things should be
Imagine thinking this will make people forget about the sexual harassment allegations
Needs the healing though
I really like the self repair button plz because it makes bastion, bastion
he looks so cuteeeeee!
I really hope this doesn't apply to the original overwatch. The ult is cool but everything else just seems like a downgrade
My boy look at how they massacred my boy
HOLY SHIITIIUTIT
So his ultimate is the turret mode? If so good cause he just seems so annoying to deal with I mean outside of him losing the self heal was actually makes him more tollerable to deal with
Ganymede is the best thing about this rework.
This looks so good
Overwatch 1 looks great these are some nice changes, when will the sequel come out?
by the way, where did the artillery gun come from?
The sticky grenade isn’t gonna work
I wonder how much employees got sexual harassment during this rework development
So they made him support and garbage
lets go bastion isnt going to be broken anymore
it appears that Bastion is going to be stealing all the plays of game on release again *oh the nostalgia*
I'm cuddling with Mercy whilst watching this.
meh overwatch 2 is not interesting enough, fix the stuff from one, and stop trying to push that away.
Still gonna be playing the first game
sticky grenade is dumb
air strike is sick! love this team, dont change the stats of the character, but add new abilities!
When i see this i think of the saying "why change perfection"
Wait people actually are waiting on this game?
BROKEN AFFF
no dmg
NO NO NOOOOO WHY GOD WHY. HE WAS BROKEN IN THE FIRST GAME GIVE HIM A NERF PLEASE!!
me hoping they nerf his minigun/tank form:   blizzard: lets make him able to move while hes in his tank just to make everyone hate us :)
bring back the self heal
So basically hes gonna be even more op,really great idea
é tipo isso
Bastion is the single reason I have any care for Overwatch so I'm gonna do this.   Design: Great job, the hat is great and adorable, makin him look sleak is lovely but I really hope you he has some sort of nature related to his design or an alt that leans more towards that. Though that's a lil picky but nature is a important part of Bastion's character. Still. Good redesign. 8/10  Gameplay: Sticky bomb seems fun and simple, a fun addition with fun uses 7/10. The ult looks terrible. The idea is great but the skill expression seems way less then normal tank mode. no more fun rocket jumps and no one shot snap shot explosion's. The ult might be very easy to dodge to and most likely you just use it to surprise people or to damage tanks OR to pair up with other cc ults even though there are much better ults out there to pair cc ults with, 3/10. The moving sentry is a lil hard to judge, the fact that being a complete turret is now completely removed takes away the entire deal Bastion was. Being a big frickin turret that stands there and is danger just by existing. This ability might be interesting and fun even if it kills an entire playstyle but I have my doubts since it's a cooldown ability and not a toggle. I can't rate this ability yet, would have to try it out in game to judge ?/10 But I will mention the base gun change is a great quality of life. Seems a lot more satisfying to shoot now especially cause most people tap the shoot button anyway, good quality of life change even if it's minor. Over all Gameplay seems a little scary and can either be a complete flop depending on the sentry ability   Bastion: Bastion is still a 10/10 Robot boy should be happy and should not be fighting amongst the team. Bastion is in the bastion tier. But I know most of the community dislike Bastion due to Bastion having a very simple but different playstyle. Bastion was always gonna be on the way side of thing's but Bastion like all overwatch characters has skill expression. Through his ult, through his turret placement and tracking. He surely doesn't require as much skill as most characters but Bastion is still a character I will enjoy and this rework seems concerning cause it takes away both factors of skill expression. Ult is less expression and placement is less expressive, now it's just tracking. I won't judge all to much but I surely have my doubts with this rework. I hope My Robot boy coms out well by the end. His design is still a banger though, I will not deny that.  If you read all this, you must love Bastion as much as me. Or your just curious about my general opinion. Thank you for readin and have a good day. Over all, Worried/10
Garbage rework. Guess I'm never going to play or enjoy Bastion again.
Why on earth would you do that
???
Cool ideas but why not make the mobile mini gun his ultimate I’ve been saying this whole time that his mini gun mode should be his ultimate. The cool down thing could work I guess? But I’m taking this change with a grain of salt
They should have kept the self heal and remove his turet
Now every person is gonna be a Bastion main.
Make sentry unlimited and change this ball ability back to heal
i think there good ideas and fun but where do his tires come from, if im using the turret more i would want to see how i transform, the artilery fire is the only thing that fits, cool hat buff though
Technically, Bastion is now 100% a Transformer now with a movable tank that he can use 24/7 and turns into a Mortar, nice
bro whos got a problem with the siege tank mode this is awesome
They did Bastian good tbh
So Sentry can move now? Yep, not worried at all.
hope they nerf him in the classic overwatch too.
Im not completely sure about how balancing could work. But if they are making bastions sentry ability a limited cool down then I don't think the damage nerf is really needed. Says if the sentry ability was able to be used at all times then the dage nerf would be reasonable. But who am I to say this?
Oh Great, now we have an OP bastion that could snipe and move while sentry mode??!! My hate for bastion players has increased smh lol
1:34 This highlight intro is gonna make no sense to new players at all.
They finally did it. They nerfed bastion
Overwatch 2 is still a thing ?? This game is dead
This turret rework is going to be the end of me
Ótimo, achei péssimo, obrigado
I never really liked the feel of his ult so I’m gonna like the new one
Even though I never played Overwatch, I actually like Bastion. He reminds me a lot of the Iron Giant and Omega (Sonic Series)
why does bastion look like a buff phase shift pilot from titanfall
I personally don’t like the new look I liked how bulky and clunky he looked it made him cooler imo
This actually fits within the lore implying that these modifications were made to Bastion after he's met up with Torbjorn and he's the one responsible for them.
What have they done to my boy
way better than the Sombra one
looks soooooooooo fun!
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo not the bastion                                                                                                                 nooooooooooooooooooooooo
MY BOY YEEEEESSSS I LOVE HIM SO MUCH!!!!!!
They took bastion’s tank part and put it on the sentry 1:03 Then they took his sentry top part and put it on his tank form. 1:25
Bastion artillery is just 3 mini doomfists
I like this bastion better. Bastion 2.0! Thanks for making my 2nd main more fun!
Can’t wait for Doom as a tank, which is not good. But I hope his gameplay is still the same with rollouts
rest in piece corner camping strat
They could have made his repair arm into a grenade launcher instead of having the grenade fire out of his gun exactly the same as his primary fire
Reject Rocket Tank, embrace Artillery Strike and mobile sentry
Finally the re work that bastion has needed for a long time
Bastion: Lightning storm on stand by
I feel like this could have worked as a newer character
if only we had updates like this for tf2
So you made my main from a funny smg into a sniper with a mortar and grenades not a fan not at all
The sticky grenade looks a bit awkward but lthe rest looks good to me
NUTS
IM SO EXCITED MY FRIEND IS GENJI MY OTHER FRIEND BASTION ME LUCI:O
I dont like this rework
honestly don't know how to feel on this one I'm gonna really miss the old ult the new one looks like a nerf especially against mobile targets like tracer. where there used to be an active skill to landing the projectile is now just hoping people don't walk out of the zone you call down a strike in. I guess we will see when the game comes out.
i'm sorry but , is this bastion or robot soldier 76 ?
"I will be bastion" "NERF BASTION" Most precious predictions in history
Eh..i don't know about getting rid of self heal...
i feel like this could actually buff this guy
I'm calling a fedora for his first alt skin.  That's the kind of thing a robot that thinks a hat is a personality would wear.
محد يحبه
احذفوه
1:36 Bastion didn't sound too happy about his rework at the end there.
Will have new voice lines
OVERWATCH 2 -  ... Bastion has a new hat?
This does not feels like bastion sad
1:17
WHATS THAT????????
this is trash
and the ULTI wtf???
More than meets the eye
As someone who already plays Bastion like a slower Soldier 76, this rework is so GOODT.
….. god xddd
so its a nerf lol
This man is now a transformer
So basically Bastion is going to be more viable on his own, rather than mostly being stuck being played as a turret and being pocketed by healers/tanks all the time. So basically no pocket Bastion.
리그오브레전드 화이팅!!
Oh no
Please please please add orisa
I LOVE IT, BASTION IS MY FAVORITE
I'm gonna miss being able to self heal. They should make that an option to choose from.
does he end up joining Overwatch in the lore or not?
The redesign visually is beautiful. Torb's handy work in lore I take it A beauty of a rework that makes him less toxic in comp is a welcome change
Literally the same game
Nano bastion will no longer be a meme strat
ayo... He can now move in sentry mode......he's unstoppable
This makes him op I mean That hat is really cool
Yeah that’s getting nerfed
These changes look boring, aside from artillery - but I bet even the artillery won't age well.
PLEASE MAKE WIDOW MAKERS GRAPPLE LIKE PATHFINDERS
What a stupid idea to change the greatest character of any video game this is like dark souls 2 mixed with halo infinite it's not good.
Artillery strikes? What about certain map locations does it ignore LOS mechanics?
Why can’t a tank be his ability with slower fire rate and less damage?
Nooooo. Not my Bastian THAT'S MY BOYYYYY!!!!
hmmmmm yes good changess but WHY CHANGE THE ULT
Bastion no longer has a tank form. Also bastion 1:34
Yeah theres alot of problems with this one in my opinion, bastions recon mode already felt fine as it was, so why make it into this weird slow firing sniper, which doesnt even seem to do more damage for the fire rate trade off.  Secondly his turret mode lasting 8 seconds and moving is gonna be weird if that is still his go to way to do damage, that going on cooldown every 8 seconds is not gonna feel fluid especially seeing as it probably just forces you out of turret after that 8 seconds. (Or whatever time it is, doesnt matter to me, still the same argument)  The weird bouncy orb thing just looks like a mix of symmetras and moiras abilities, why does it bounce, why does it have AOE, why is it literally just an upgraded symmetra right click, healing was crucial to bastions survivability without his entire team helping him.  The ult... The ult is just a no from me. You need to stop shooting stop playing and pick out 3 different spots while u can just get pounced on by a flanker in that time, either u pick out the 3 spots and die or you cancel your ult, losing it and still probably die to the same flanker because lets face it, by the time u cancel the ult you might be half dead.  Recon mode and the new ult want him to be a long range sniper, the orb makes him a sorta semi close range character with maybe long range potential, and then they made sentry mode be able to for some reason move to get closer... while the rest of the kit makes him into a semi-sniper.  Most of the abilities dont play around each other or work together at all.
My worst nightmare came true 1:23
Oh no dude, they got rid of the funniest part of bastion 😢 No more rocket jumping to delivery tank spanking
beware bastion haters :-)
I love Overwatch, I hope it comes out on mobile
W..?
cant wait for the new bastion rework and overwatch to
This is the worst thing they could have done to this game
i was excited for overwatch 2 and now I am not.
Ok so he’s more busted got it
This when I knew the game was gonna be terrible
I'm gonna miss the self repair 😢😢😢
É O BATS N TEM JEITO
Pink Mercy is a truly special charity event, when everyone donated money to the BCRF and then, as a reward, you got an incredibly designed and absolutely beautiful Mercy skin. Last time you’ve had over 10 million dollars to research! It’s incredible!  Unfortunately, it is passed more than 3 years after it… But there are thousands of people, who wanted to help people but for some reason couldn’t participate in it! Moreover, Nintendo Switch players even didn’t have a chance to do that. It’s disgusting!    Bringing back this event, you will achieve several things, which are incredibly important!  First of all, we will donate more money to the research, so more and more people, who need help, will get it. We all will be like a guarding angel, who saved innocent lives. Remember more times we have this event, then we will get more money for the better and more accurate breast cancer research, then more lives are saved!  Secondly, you will make millions of players happier. Thousands of old players will return and continue to play Overwatch. Moreover, you will raise the rating of our favorite game!   All in all, I still believe that the Pink Mercy event should be held more than one time! If we will look to some other companies, charity events are held more than 1 time, and their rewards for the donation are not something exclusive! Remember more times we have this event, then we will get more money for the better and more accurate breast cancer research, then more lives are saved!   Heroes never die!
self-repair was better than the new ball thing
Love it
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO he gets a hat??????
why did you delay the release of OW2? "we gave bastion a hat"
Yeah I don’t care 🤷🏻‍♂️ did you fix your crappy ranking system and bad quick play
Petition to put back bastion's E54 tag
at least he isn't as campy
Will you be able to transfer your overwatch 1 progress to overwatch 2? Or do u need to start all over again
It makes no sense.  ughh.
Bastion really should have self repair because healers sont care about him that much
We gave him a hat :)
Looks god awful
He's a robot give him a some sort of boosters to move faster
I don't play Bastion...at all...but this looks like they nerfed him.
I hate how Overwatch has repeatedly used "rework" as code for, replacing.
Why?
i love the hat
YO ANYONE ELSE NOTICE THE SEE’S LOGO ON THE SIDE
And where is the bastion’s front shield?
I can't wait to get matched against one of you all so I can destroy your entire team.
They ruined him
HE HAS A HAT LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
No BASTION NO!!!!!!!
methinks the music is the new ow2 menu theme idk
This alone making me not even want to worry about buying this game
I know how they can rework him, by just letting him stay on OW1
My main is finally getting his street cred back.
Nerf Bastion
He's gonna be so strong
Ok, so now he is just heavy tf2, ok
I hate bastion but this rework is so stupid
do we still have are levels from overwatch 1 ?
I like bastions new primary fire, give it 30 rounds and it’ll be perfect  The grenade it dumb, feels slapped on for no real reason. Give him back his self repair  Sentry mode having a cool down is balanced but retarded, I would have preferred a heat based system where the longer you shoot the Gatling gun the hotter it would get and the more damage bastion would take.   I also like the artillery ultimate, it’s unique but it fits bastion character
As a junk rat main i approve of the alt fire stick thingy that goes boomy
Thanks I hate it….Whats the point in having a mini-gun mode if it has a cooldown? The whole reason the turret mode was balanced was because he couldn’t move while the minigun was out…..and his tank? Artillery is going to be even harder to survive with compared to the highest move speed and damage per shot Bastion had, especially since this game has so many people BUILT to ruin ults
What a stupid games
I feel like the reduced firing rate won't make him fun to play and the artillery strike won't keep up with the pace of the game
sounds like aids to me
Bastion is bad because he is to op
I love Overwatch
Why
Not excited about this.
still op
Soo im now changing my username to “BastionWorksForStarbucks”
He’s… he’s… he’s beautiful!
i hate that it will be able to move in sentry mode, but thank got will not be able to heal itself anymore
oh no, give him his self-repair kit back 😱
Is this game even happening?
So what you have done is not only give him upgrades but also nerfed him
Bastion got that ps5 upgrade
Xerath x Bastion
Hear me out every character will have a “back to basics” upgrade with the system that was leaked it most likely won’t happen but it would be cool
Doom ult ×3
Bastion is big and I think he needs to retain his self-healing ability. Maybe he can self-heal while in sentry form?
Welcome to... Call of Duty - Watch
Just one thing, WTF
Still doesn’t make any sense at ALL same game… looks the same literally just could’ve made a big update to the first game don’t buy this don’t make idiots make money
How is his ult gonna work with indoor maps?
2 month later: we are nerfing bastion
Old bastion is better the old one was simple the new one ehhhh
I like bastion's little hat its very cute
GANYMEDE YES
so did they just make bastion a combine elite pulse rifle?
I’m scared
1 der Spiele die ich nicht anfassen werde wenn man schon in Teil 1 zu 1/3 nur gegen cheater spielt und man nicht Mal die Möglichkeit hat Leute zu melden wenn man nach paar Sekunden aus der Gruppe fliegt weil man die Namen nicht mehr einsehen kann dann steht Blizzard wohl auf cheater die Sollen lieber sich auf WOW oder solche Hartz4 Spiele konsetrieren
Make  Torbjorns turret lag or make it weaker so the turret isn't broken
"anywhere on the map". First global ult. @_@
please use this as the dislike button.
coming out 2025
Not the biggest fan honestly, bastion to me was always that one glass cannon hero that was fun to find a odd spot to sit and turret in. Now it seems like he's just phara 2.0, with sniper mixed in to boot. The artillery seems like a neat idea, I'm curious if its going to work well or if its simply going to be too slow to be effective. Yet the change to how turret mode works doesn't seem to be very welcomed honestly, and leaves a lot to be desired.
:(
That artillery ultimate is going to be *sweet* in PvE Its also going to be hilariously useless in PvP if each projectile has the landing zone outmarked for other players, only the third shot will be annoying to dodge, the first two will be casually walked away from. Hope they make it so the 3 zones appear at once once the third is chosen, then a reasonable second or two before they land.
Im hyped
They really opened with "We gave him a hat."
Rework the gun please, that gun doesn't look like it would able to shoot that ball of energy. Oh it's a grenades', should it be smaller projectile?
Took 2 years now just began to rework Baston? Is this game gonna be really huge?
We'll see how it role with 5 mens match and only 1 tank, cause currently, when you play against double shield comp, Bastion sustain damage is really needed to break through
A hat? A stupid baseball hat on a umptieth century robot?!? What a farce... Of I get it, you want to irritate us just enough to buy some skins, right? Well, I won't!
I love it
first minute: thank god the finally nerfed bastion moving turret: oh no
Is this all you guys have done so far?
thank god im not playing pvp when it comes out, wont have to deal with bs bastions when the other team starts losing
Im just waiting for sigma I’ve been playing him lately
Oh great. The most op non-ult ability now has movement
Actually  Its not bad nerf! I mean no longer tank but Artilery? Add this on Original game! Also sticky grenade is bad idea to be honest. It just not fits the character himself.
looking forward to bastion lucio being a thing
Did you get inspiration from pvz?
Bastion? ACTUALLY FUN?
Just proves the devs don't play their own games lmao
This is why youtube disabled dislikes.
1:23 He can move in sentry form? Now thats really awesome!!
The repair and big gatling gun mode is what made him fun. I like the tank swap for artillery and the no spread swap for reduced fire speed. But removing the galling gun removes bastion. And I could forgive this if they left his self repaire in. Overwatch has enough grenade and area control characters but bastion was all bullets and bulk. It was fun to be a A10 Warthog bolted to the ground. I'm not to happy with what they did.
Yey, hes ever more OP now
Solid upgrades. I'm legit excited to play bastion.
Literally the only one of these changes I like is the recon rifle. Bring back repair, bring back tank mode, and buff damage but lose the movement for sentry. From what I saw here the damage looks pitiful for sentry.
Why
all robo caracters should be able to be repaired by the turret dude. that would be funny.
this thing is unstoppable !!!
Wait, what? Overwatch 2 is not already out, but they already reworking the heroes??
안 그래도 망한 게임을 지옥 끝까지 넣어버리는 그는 대체..
all this to get rid of his self heal   also whoever came up with the line that said  "hat to make him stand out" is a fukn dmass
The OW dev team never stops to amaze me how much worse they always can make a hero.  I'm still mourning the original Overwatch from the time it was freshly released.
OMG you copied the absolute worst mechanic from WOT, geez, OW2 is doomed. Just like OW when Geof started to show his impact. He has no idea how to design RBFPS. This man killed OW and he's gonna make OW2 DOA.   I hope this game will never release, it's gonna be a massive disappointment.
TL;DR: "LOL we completely ruined Bastion for literally no reason roflmao get rekt paying customers"
nerf incoming in first patch in ow2 and bastion is completely ruined once again :D
I can't fucken wait to kill someone while moving in turret mode just so they can say " you're a f****t and bastion is a n****r you should be ashamed of playing such a r******d ez mode character noob xd "
I dont care about the reworks launch the game instead of waiting years
tooo bad he can no longer heal himself
Bastion: Hey Doomfist, can i steal your ultimate but use it multiple times and from a distance...  Doomfist: ._.
I am the dislike button
I fear no man  But that thing.  1:23  *it scares me*
bastion is cool because hes a transformer
Bastion too OP Just main bastion everyone'
what a pile of dung
You know you can see the disslikes again when you just sign out from google account or just YT acc and reload to the video :D 2,5k dissssss :DD
so how i understood this, is that they made him more combat-based, gave his minigun form the tanktreads and gave him a more advanced ai to allow him to shot from the sky. (p.s tuned hand-cannon)
ℙ𝕃𝕊: LUCIO HEALS LONG RANGE + MORE HEALS ON CENTER
Looks good... now roll back torb and hanzo and im happy
Спасибо вам огромное, что невзирая на проблемы в вашей компании вы не забрасываете свой проект и стараетесь его улучшить. Успехов вам👆🏻👍🏼👍🏼
LESGO
SO bastion is overpowered now? Cool :)
I don't know why but I literally laugh at bastion's new sentry form 😂   I literally can see 👀 and hear newer players begging to change bastion ahahahaha 🤣🤣🤣
this is bad.
Everything’s good here, but my only issue is that it came out too late.
Bastion is gonna be even more campy 😪😪😪  Tbh I actually like these changes
NEAR BASTION
But could u nerf Bastions sentry mode in Overwatch and Overwatch 2? Because i think its really over powered
I want a deathstar-mode for Bastion as ult 😁
we need old bastion back
THIS SEEMS SUPER COOL
I’m sad about slowing down his gun tho that was the reason I played as him
Straight nerf to Bastion
This game sucks
I'm sure gonna miss the old bastion when it was a semi-walking sentry
Everyone: Cool Rework :D  Me: Oh god he doesnt have self heal
I think I like old bastion more.
Ganymede doesn’t have a hat
When and if I get Overwatch 2, it’ll be pretty hard to adjust since I’m so used to using his heal ability  Also, people can FINALLY stop asking for a nerf on Bastion. FINALLY!!! THE TORMENT FOR BASTION MAINS HAS ENDED!!!
If I don’t see Bastion meeting Torb and the rest of Overwatch in the campaign…
His artillery mode looks like it'll take too long to setup, making him vulnerable and open to attacks.
Horrible rework. Absolutely terrible idea. His kit was perfect the way it was before.  Also he looks like a plastic toy now. Tf? In OW1 he looked like he should... A war machine. Here you are tho... Giving him a hat and changing the way he looks. He looks like a drunk 4 year old painted him with crayons
no wonder Overwatch 2 has taken this long… that detail in that hat is just wow!
Volorant is much better
Nice
Rip
i like the old bastion more
Did bastion need some more character to him? And would a hat really add.... any?
I swear the moving sentry is gonna be OP
Couldnt they have done all this on the first overwatch? Theres absolutely no reason they needed a second game for any of this
Miss the old bastion appearance
I'm gonna miss the old Bastion moveset but his designs look amazing
That moving gatling gun scares me now
he has hat'
Sorry as much as I love Overwatch, there ain’t no way I’m investing my money and time for the same game with stupid different moves
Look how they massacre my boy😥
The madmen actually did it. They balanced Bastion. AND pretty well from the look of it
How does his hat make him “stand out” Was being a walking turret death droid not distinct enough? (Like the hat tho)
So just a major bastion nerf.
Lol
The only way to save this game is to stop catering to the "professional players".  Blizzard has become a pathetic money grubbing company.
"we gave him a hat" lmfao thats bout all they did
shoulda just left him alone, he was fine . . ..
don't they understand that the highlight intro has to be changed now as well? And can Genji deflect those airstrikes somehow?
his alt fire doesn't look very realistic.. the flare is kindof cartoon like and weird
The sticky ball feels outta place.
I'm actually interested in overwatch 2 a little bit now.
I don't like anything they are doing for OW2, I'm sad because I really like the game
but why
The hats the best part
1:23 Viva La What I haven't played Overwatch in a while, but me seeing this, im scared to see what other bastion mains are gonna do
I cant even begin to express how my I hate this.
i wonder if there will be a chance they'll add the classic skin
Just hope the blizz devs stop getting sued and rename him to Clucking Duck
Wow hels even worse now
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
The Ironclad cap. Right because he's following Torbs around currently.
Delayed again it’s been 3 years they never even announced a release date but it was delayed 😂
I like his new recon gun, it remind me of the blishlok weapon in dirty bomb
Eh, I prefer being a machine gun permanently
Calling it here : the second ability will be removed and/or changed. It currently doesn’t fit to him at all .. looks more like a Moira ball
This is alright, but I don't feel like the hat is over the top enough for Bastion. Really though I'm sad to see self-heal go, but with the changes already made I'm surprised it already didn't get canned
I can’t wait for sniper smurf to get his hands on this
same game btw
The ideal Bastion rework: Deletion.
Look how they massacred my boy :(
sooo how much  is ton of DMG in numbers?
They really just swapped the turret form with the tank form and called it a day hahahaha
I cant wait to become a Master bastion in this game.
why are you nerfing bation!!!!
i like this rework
soo they  gave him viktors Ults from Paladins. COPY MUCH???
this would be the best time to just DELETE THE FAILS LIKE BASTION:D
Hurry up and make the game!!!!
They literally added megatron in the game
Gave genji a hoodie and gave bastion a hat, what, is Reinhardt gonna get bunny slippers?
It's not a rework if the game isn't even out... if you're gonna put the 2 next to the name, why are you stillt reating it like an update.
Oh my god it’s Mortar Monkey Bastion
This seems like a lot more fun playstyle. Cool.
My boy...
whatever you do just nerf this OP character!
Well done Blizzard almost 2 years for hat and a nerf!
sniper smurf is about to revive his bastion days
Look how they massacred my boy
A HAT??? Are you serious. Do these people even play Overwatch? I’m sure that hat will put Baston’s DPS over the top. 🤦‍♂️
when dose owerwatch 2 drop
pretty trash
I honestly don’t know say about this anymore
His new redesign feels a bit to round. I fell like he should be more boxy. The only thing that I think could use some work is his super. But I like it!
artillery mode looks retarded.
bastions actually good now sweet
I'm waiting for mobile version 😭
im afraid that this will be a nightmare to balance but wait and see, so far the "new" game is a bunch of rework abilities like we had in the past in OW1, bunch of maps that we also had, and a Solo wich to me I dont really care for it.
this stinks, that heal really helped when healers arent doing their job
This won't be OP at all
Bastion is now apart of the autobots XD since he can transform and shoot and change weapons
Nice
Looks awful
looks rubbish IMO, make new characters plz
Lookit little bastion getting an upgrade and becoming part of the team!   I'm so happy to see these bold reworks because it shows that there really is a focus on PvE - and as a filthy casual, I'm all about PvE
Fans: *waiting for Overwatch 2 Blizzard: BASTION REWORK TRAILER
I’m surprised. Y’all addressed and actually fixed a lot of his problems. Maybe Kaplan really was the problem…
I wish he still had his original gun fire rate and self heal, but other than that this rework makes me so happy
Y'know what I was losing hope in this game but seeing even a little bit of new gameplay reminds me how much I adore this game ❤❤can't wait to see release
"So what do you do at Blizzard?"  "You know that hat on Bastion? I designed that"
This doesn't feel like a new game.  It just feels like DLC for Overwatch 1
You removed all of Bastion's strengths, I feel there is no reason to play this version. Nothing unique other that the timed transformation, and no situations they are strong. I loved Bastion. This is a new hero who is uninteresting overall. The new abilities are uninspired and not on character in regards to the bouncing 'nade. The hat -obviously- is very charming and addressing the troublesome nature of a stationary hero in an fps is noble, but I am beyond disappointed with this rework.
Please take the hat off I dont like it
look how they massacred my boy
Your trash if you play bastion nothing else to say that's all
Look at how they massacred my boy
Only took 4 years of bitching to finally get them to fix bastion properly.
So essentially, when Bastion ults he's now more vulnerable or useless
As a Bastion main, I'm okay with this changes, except taking away the self-heal, bastion is the closest DPS to be thick as a Tank, and that ability helped you survive more hits and made the healers job more easier, the grenade looks okay but it feels more like something Junkrat would have
Give me back my self heal
so they made him even more op
Why is overwatch 2 still so far away :(
The bastian Nerf that we've all been waiting for.
I think self repair needs to come back, but adjust it a little bit so he can use it less
change is good... it's the end of an era
i believe the whole idea with  making it 5v5 and changing heroes abit, is to try to make meta not  a thing,  since the start of overwatch, theres been  the same meta in OWL  and the same for  almost everyone going ranked,   they  ended up with  GOAT meta,  BUNKER meta,  and so on,  now I believe  they are trying to  stop  this  things, so that we will see diffrent combinations of metas,  not the same over and over in owl,  bcuz  owl  is boring, when its the same thing,  dont you all want to see  something  abit uniq,  so far only dps has   been diffrent  in owl,  but tank and healer is  mostly the same,  so they are probly changing /reworking all heroes as some point,   they havent confirmed it, but doomfist  might even be a tank now, so alot can happen.
Drecksspiel geworden die Scheisse
CoD killstreak as Bastion ult, reusing code from your friends over at Activision
I hate it this takes away the fun grenade doesnt suit him at all and having a cooldonw on turret mode sucks and id rather have more dmg and cant move ehile having the ability to stay in sentry mode all the time rsther than doing zero dmg with the turet bcz due to the primary fire change bastion is forced to play behid his sentry will do 0 dmg due to big spresd and 40% dmg thats suck so bad the ult is realy nice i like it the primary is ok i prefer the old one but remove the sentry cd and the grenade snd make the sentry do damage again blizz othervise bastion wont be fun…
For this you must make new game? :D Its absolutely still same as first OW. For changes like this you can make update, not new game :D But you need more money ofcourse :D
ok, now release the game
It's a good rework but why take away the self heal it puts less burden on healers by giving them one less team mate to take care of
Cool rework, but the grenade doesn't fit. Please just remove it and leave the self-heal in, since it's something that makes Bastion unique and fits him very well thematically.
I gotta say, as much as I love bastion this rework isn't half bad. I think he should of kept his self repair because that bouncing energy  ball doesn't really seem like a bastion thing. Also even though being able to move in sentry mode is awesome I wish there was still a stationary mode. Sentry mode is a good ability and really fit bastion was a defensive class. Being able to hold down areas for his team. I assume that the changes that were made are meant to appeal to those who like a more aggressive play style and who like to play offensively.
i hate that so much i probably quit maining bastion.
Bastion with drip isn't real, he can't hurt you Bastion with drip:
omg I love his hat
so hey swiched pats of his 2 tools around cool
Blizz is still going to provide to the original OW? OW2 looks so horrid
Bastion wants to play World of Tanks with his Ultimate.
As bastion main I don’t like the turret mode timer just ruins bastion for me but I understand he needed a bit of a nerf
Hes finnaly gonna be balanced
Maybe allow head crit for turret
Smaller hotbox or self heal
my boy! what did you do to my boy!!?  cant OW2 just be a separate game from OW1?
Overwatch Players: I sure do hope they address the main issues with the game  OverWatch Dev: We HaVe GiVeN BaStIon A hAt To HeLp HiM StAnDoUt   Me: Oh Boy
this looks great, but i don't understand why would you cut tank form, lowkey best bation feature atm
I hate china!!!
I love hong kong 😍😍
REMOVE THE HAT!
thats not big rework for bastion that is a huge rework for bastion and i love it :D
"we heard you guys like fun, we aim to change that in overwatch 2 :)"
So I’ve been a Bastion main since 2016 and I have to say I’m both excited and nervous for the new changes in Overwatch 2. Bastion will definitely be more balanced in 2. I don’t like the fire rate of his new arm gun but we’ll have to see what it’s really like in game. I also feel the cool down on the turret was necessary since you can now move while using it. While I love the tank ultimate I will 100% have fun using the artillery ult. It will take some time to get use to this new bastion but he’s stuck by me for 5 years so I’ll stick with him with his new changes and all! Great job blizzard! Also I love the hat!
Seems like a nerf to me.
There's alot of potential for that hat haha
AS IF HE WASN'T POWERFUL AND ANNOYING ENOUGH
i feel like it would’ve been better to just make an entirely new character at this point lol
Quick Question, New Basion's ult is shooting Projectiles or Hitscan based on Doomfist ult? Cuase if it will be programmed as normal bullets then I can't wait to see those hard plays to as Genji deflect it(Hard because you would need look a bit upper so the deflect would chatch it).  Hmm Also wouldn't that be an intresting change for Genji's deflect to let players quickly move thier crossair to hit enemys in the different direction that it could be possible right now? Of course it would be pretty hard because how fast bullets can fly in Overwatch
A robot with a hat? I Dont liked. I played in console 2000 hours to this game, the cross play ruins the experience on consoles. Obviusly pc gamers with a mouse kill more eficiently. Overwatch 2... Nah for me.
who ever thought that bastions instant killing turret should to be portable needs to be fired. im scared to see the even dumber characters like doomfist
Cool Jeff impression
Rework symm to form more constructions like TF2 ENGINEER AA, would be cool to have some hard light constructions bunker style
Interesting
Hoping he can still self-heal...
But why?
Is that Torbs hat?
As a bastion main I’m happy with these changes
trash
so his ult is kinda 3 doomsday ulties xD
Let's hope they release a skin without the hat then.
in the play test he looks very weak I think the 40% dmg reduction was a bit to harsh
What I'm wondering about: what about inside maps? Does his artillery just flat out bunker buster into buildings? Or is is just useless then?
That time to kill on Winston is pathetic. He's now a slower soldier.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
sucks old bastion was good ...
the garv combo with ult tho...
Imagine this in comp
Now bastion is completely undefeatable
Why waste all this time and effort on something which you will inevitably change 2 months into release? Studio has got it's priorities all wrong for this one and the game is shaping up to be hot garbage.
Boo
The Boy's growing up!!
WHAT!!!! No more rocket jumps?! That was my favorite thing in game. Still a cool change tho
Y’all about to have me act up as bastion
Wheres daddy Jeff
How are you going to use his ult indoors
my bastion idea is in the game yay
Hope You Don't Forget More PvP Tactics / Mechanics and less PvE… This game is very good at PvP. and fighting Bots or AI is Boring and feels Empty.
"Keep his Sentry ability super strong" It has some of the worst dps among damage heroes. Come on now.
please stop misgendering Bastion, it doesn't bode well coming from the game's director  or is this another epic retcon moment
And all of this will be nerfed in a later patch.
Tracer's rework will give her a light saber that does 6,900 damage, regardless of whether or not the player is under any damage reduction buffs. And one of her pistols will be replaced with one that doesn't fire automatically,  but it can now charge up to do insane damage.
So, it everyone excited about BastionWatch 2?
seriously, you should make a new hero with those skill instead
Controversial take here, not a fan of the hat.
Cant wait for symmetra
Good rework 👍
Ok balancing him a bit I see Gives him a moving machine gun
where is jeff
Will he still be able to melt Reins shield unlike the cinematic
So basically not bastion
I love my Little PTSD ridden robot.
sounds just as broken as it is right now
Very happy that they finally realized that standing still in a mobility-based shooter is a death sentence. It's the same reason why Heavy in TF2 has problems as well and why scout is so strong. Just having a ton of mobility is very strong, can't wait to finally play Bastion and not feel guilty
No auto fix?   come on!
Should of just ended the video at "We gave him a hat"
Damage reduced by 40%? No self repair? Turret mode in cool down? Finally!
What if the scatter did 150 damage so you could kill tracers and im assuming it would have a longer cooldown and yoj could make armor piercing rounds as storm arrow idk it could do more to shield if you make shields more viable then he could break them down or he could hit through them just some ideas and idk if scatter would have headshot but i feel like straight on it should only do the damagage of a normal damage of a arrow but idk what the bouce headshot would do or if it would not but then wouldnt that make him more viable at closer ranges and be able to lush more without a tracer dive and since you do still gotta hit two arrows it wuold help the worse players and make sure thatvthey can get famage and if good enough can confirm one just a suggestion and anything that you guys would like to comment on that would be cool
here's a thought, delete his existence
my 3 thousand hours of bastion has ended.
BASTION REWORK!!!!                                       Hes got a hat.
We've upgrade Bastion to now be weaker then ever!
I'm genuinely surprised there's this many people still interested in Overwatch
i'll take anything over the pure abortion that is current bastion
Once live. All hero's will be nerfed and changed like the 1st overwatch.
i mean honestly this is actually a good upgrade for bastion. it isn't stupidly broken like sombra's rework is and seems like he will be fun to play.
2/3rd's of approval bring back self-heal pls
How can people not like these changes, he looks so fun, im actually going to play him now lol
I cant wait for overwatch 2 release it plz
Lol OP
Ok I'm buying this game now thank you blizzard for making bastion more awsomer ⭐U⭐
I like... the hat....
He is a war machine now Lucio main's 😖
So happy they rid the self repair “heal” ability .
Bastion is gonna be way more fun
No longer repair-arm-thingie? No way!! I dont agree!!!
thanks for ruining the character
Symmetra rework when?
I am a little concerned about Bastion ulting the objective during overtime from spawn.
Okay, now my interest has returned
SO STUPID. Why would you get rid of self heal. And now his ult is a glorified Doomfist ult. You've made it tougher to play aggressively. Bastion is now reduced to the fringes of a match instead of being directly involved.
Honestly Overwatch 2 is gonna be very disappointing game...        Unless they give Ganymede a hat.
BRUH WHY CHANGE HIS LOOK HE LOOKED PERFECTLY BEFOREHAND
I like how people are saying that bastions single grenade is like scatter arrow you know the ability that shoot lots of projectiles that deal massive damage...
Scatter shot: We cant keep it Bastion: Here have it back Thanks blizz...
Why is this not an update rather than commanding us to pay?
Idk I don’t like him not being a turret
BUFFEDLOLW
wow boys, we have our 5th sniper
Just what everybody was asking for: Buff Bastion!
this sounds really good, too bad you're planning on ruining the game by making it 5 player.
That ult is beautiful
I still don't get the appeal of Overwatch 2
Soooo... why not just give us another Omnic model then?? Instead of, hey bastion can do these things now for... reasons.
lol when they got rid of the tank mode i was upset, and then i saw him strolling along in sentry mode.  this rework is sick ngl.
So, no more Genjis going face-to-face with a sentry mode Bastion doing the mind game trying to deflect the minigun shots?  Hmmm, I suppose that will be one of the "unique to OW1" things that people will recall as part of the 'OG' Overwatch experience. The transition period for long-time OW1 players going into OW2 will definitely feel weird for a couple of days (or weeks).
I kinda wish they kept his self repair, because he didn’t have all the buttons filled out before, he was missing ability 2, and now he still doesn’t. I think every character should have all the buttons filled, same thing with reaper, he should have another attack or ability.
Blizzard you just made him even more scary to fight lmao
Bro bastion's ult is straight up Viktors ult from paladins lmao
Is it just me, or is that hat dumb AF?
a hat....
Ohhhh greatttt he can move in turret form
Why bastion  you know I hate bastion
Sounds great Overwatch team, can't wait to try him out. Jesus bless you.
Bastion: *beep boop* Translation: "I am heavy weapons guy"
OW 2 is going to be a scary place haha
He has a hat
Exciting
"Big rework changes! We gave him a hat!" <3
Now here's the big question can we get scatter arrow back in Overwatch 2
So bastion is more sniper-ish, with his main gun and his ULT bringing down the thunder (metaphorically speaking)
Also I have an idea for overwatch on mobile.
He's wearing a trucker hat, I like that
These changes are reasonable. I approve.
bro cooldown and time limit on his sentry form WHY thats gonna be so junk
Shield 👏 for 👏 Artillery 👏 mode just throwing that out there...
NO TANK?!?!?!?  I'm not gonna play this game for a while  Let me guess: Soldier 76 can no longer auto aim. Reaper can no longer teleport. Winston can no longer eat peanut butter
It’s gonna be scary walking out of spawn to have a mortar arriving at Mach 1 to my face
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
The most important thing: THE HAT
Dont buy they are unable to throw all smurfs out of the server
I love the hat idea, it's cute! i guess he full time Torb's son now
And I'm guessing we will have to buy overwatch2 even if we have overwatch 1??
Bastion, Reinhart and mercy is going to be the combo here lol
Pleas put the selfrepair Button back to bastion
im kinda sad they took the heal away but it is what it is
the hat is just dumb
Ult - neutral Recon mode - good Turret mode - neutral Grenade / removing self heal - bad hat - good
Yeah we needed a new game so we could put a hat on bastion you see because
Why does a robot with a cube-shaped head need a hat?
Just give console crossplay Aim Assist back please?
Still not as fun as HK-206
-Added hat best rework of all time
he better have 200 maybe 250 hp or im not buying lol
"Lets show off bastion and sombra first, the characters no one likes playing against."
Can guarantee you guys will bankrupt in a couple of years
when will i be able to pre order?
Bastion now literally is all military/army components combined in one all he needs is to fly and swim for air force and navy
As bastion main I like new ult idea but old ult had high skill cap. I'm woried about that bastion will be to easy to catch in ult mode
Just more and more reasons not to play this game every update lol
this is much better than the sombra rework
I thought we said to remove Bastion from OW2...
The hat is the biggest buff
remove scatter from hanzo... give it to bastion in a less fun way. OK blizzard
Now he's even more overpowered
Whyyyyyyyy
not even mad this is hilariously amazing proud bastion main in ow2
l game
Real question is now does this still make bastion unbalanced or more skill based
widow marina gonna be mad
yay more aids
we all know overwatch 2 isnt coming. Your company is going under and has been and is a has been as i type this. Your lawsuits and dev team is disgusting. Keep pandering to those who cant see it. The fall of blizzard. What a cold end.
i dont like it.
Not gonna lie, I hate bastion but I think I'll hate him less now.  The cool down on turret mode was much needed.
That widoemaker was like "  Aight imma fall backwards... actually nah I changed mind I'll just fall forwards"
HANZO & TRACER NEXT PLZ!!
They've given my boy wheels! This is actually a really cool rework.
Typical Widow, just flashing her butt to every camera :D Ps. Very nice rework!
Welp. Killed the poor robot boy
Artillery?  Bosnian players: WOOOOOO
"huge rework on bastion" lmfao, aka, "we used another shader and copied the smug cap from torb..." wow... needed that
Snipers after seeing bastion : *I'm in danger!*
His hitbox is still a truck I see.
I’m so excited!
Bastion is officially deleted from overwatch 2. You killed everything Bastion was. You could have introduced a new character that does all of these. And the same with Sombra. Buying Overwatch 2 is now a really low chance for me.
Love it
FINALLY
So basically they destroyed Bastion, nice
Finally!! Good bye Campers XD  *Give me Overwatch 2 now!
The more I see about this game, the less I want to buy it. Well done blizzard.
i'm still waiting for winston to be able to climb
Give him back his shield!
Broooo this new bastion looks sick af to play
That artillery and alternative fire is horrible. Everything else is nice.
why they gotta ruin any fun with his ult man... the rocket jumps were the only fun interactive part of this character. Now nothing ! RUINED
Bastion in Overwatch. He is ok if you know how to conquer Bastion in Overwatch 2. Nope don't even try
Super strong? It took several seconds to kill a stationary winston...and isnt his ult just doomfists ult just with 2 extra charges?
what
Overwatch 1.5 at best, looks the same.
Turret mode is Bastion's entire identity (That's why his name is "BASTION"). Putting it on a cooldown inhibits the entire point of the character.
rework 5v5 to 6v6
I wonder how the ult is going to interact through ceilings/multiple levels.
The strategic stationary turret was what made Bastion unique. Now he can move and shoot like everyone else.
I’m happy with the sentry changes, but I’m gonna miss rocket jumping and shooting Pharahs or Echoes out of the sky with his ult
so aside from making girls suicide ,blizzard nerf everything that was good in other games to make them more useless... yayyy , anyone remember mercy when she was usefull ? me too
Did yall solve those sexual harassment problems at Blizzard yet or are we just renaming characters still?
that's actually really good change, i think. adding more utility to bastions ult so it isn't competing with turret mode for damage(i think turret mode did more damage per second than his ult) while also requiring him to avoid trying to take on the entire enemy team alone. although overwatch 1 could use a new character before it costs overwatch 2 any more.
Finaly he is balanced :) , but sombra is broken af :(
I'm most pissed off about the loss of the heal...  SOOO many games you don't get a healer and Bastion always has to fend for himself...  DUMB DUMB DUMB... IMO.   So much for B being my main... OR so much for Overwatch 2 for me..
I'm so glad they nerfed the damage of the Sentry mode
Gross. lets just take away his uniqueness in character design and playstyle.
Overwatch 2 just looks like Overwatch with an upgraded shader...
Anyone up for some Mercy plus Bastion lol.  Basically heavy plus medic hopefully we can see that other than pharaoh and mercy.
Nice rework, now nerf him.
The fact that he moves in his turret form is just nightmare fuel
Hey guys what if we make bastion completely useless that would be funny I think
Alright I’m a bastion main again
Nope, sorry, I hate that his machinegun mode has a time limit now. Everything else is cool, but you shouldn't have touched his signature ability.
Boooooo!!! Think of your own game. give this back to Jeff
dayummm bruhhhh
pls bring back jeff
Are you kidding me? No more self heal? He's the slowest hero. And why mix the doom and bastion ultimate? And, why the hat?
OVERPOWERED
yeah!amazing  can't wait overwatch 2! <# Team there you just super awesome! <3
Well that went from bad straight to garbage. Congratulations
A cool down on turret mode... Wtf
now he can be annoying on wheels
Stop killing the game plz. We don't need reworks, we need new hero and new maps, nothing more. Stop killing my favourite game.  Daddy Jeff, I miss you......
Nerf him!!!!  I just want to be early as possible.
WTF. Top dps anyway, just gave him even more toys and lamer look.......
look at how they massacred my boy. What a shame. From fun to "meh" useless...
Bastion Main is Laughing rn I can here it
GIVE THE BIRD A HAT!
BRING THE TANK BACK
I hate this character but I don't mind this rework. I run into him a lot and I'm level 500
Coming from a bastion one trick, some of yall sound real salty in the comments LMAO.
yo guys just wait for a few years its gonna be out *Coming soon*
Where mah mains Macree and Hanzo at?
He now has a hat
Honestly I’m impressed with this.
I like it.
*Bastion gets a bunch of changes  The ever observant self absorbed youtube commenter  Uhhh hurrrr durrr Oberwats 2 notttt reaaall gaaame
A hat?!
guys hands down, we all know best bit is his hat
Torbjorn went nuts with Bastion updates, the madlad
Rip
I hope this is a joke bastion already takes no skill to play why make it easier for the scrubs to get kills
Guess I main bastion now
this is kinda sad that you lose tank mode,the ability to blast jump was one of the funnest parts in his kit
game releases: due to the hat over performing, we nerfed the amount of shade it blocks from bastions eye sensors.
Ok, so basically you swapped his turret and tank forms around and made the turret into a mortar, took away his self healing and gave him a rounder look and a useless hat?  I will admit I like that the turret and tank are swapped and lets you move around more freely within reason, I don't like however is that he cant heal anymore
When does Blizzard get that lawsuit resolution rework? I mean I'd like to resume playing but you guys can't seem to stop getting sued.
Not even the same character anymore, will Overwatch 1 still be playable? I hate when games do this, feels like being ripped off
No one wants 5v5
Yesss.
Lightning Strike on standby 😁
Who cares about ow anymore
Look at how they massacred by boy
That sounds like a terrible idea
Ah self heal didnt do much anymore anyway
heh Torbs hat. Love it.
This is awful. Taking an interesting character that was really good at one specific thing and making him just kinda good at a few different things. Every overwatch change has made the game less interesting and more bland. Maybe it will improve balance, maybe it will reduce frustration at choke points yada yada yada. But the whole point of bastion was to sit in one place and spray your minigun. It was simple and it was fun. This looks boring.
A bit concerned about his ult.  There was already a lot of controversy about doomfist ult being non-dodgeable, seems like bastion adds to that list
doomfist ult 3 times for his ultimate and he gets a pulse bomb as secondary fire? 🤔 uh ight ig
Okay but the ult is still a bit weak, plus it's less movement tech now
Except for the ult and the new ability this pretty much suits my play style with bastion super excited
Bronze players after finding out they can’t cheese the game with bastion anymore
They really made his ult into 3 doom fist ults
HE CAN F***ING MOVE NOW???????? 1:23  ._.
LETS GET THIS GAME HYPED AGAIN
If I wanted to play call of dookie I would just play call of dookie. All I wanted was new content but instead we got basically a whole new game cause yall went full Star Wars Galaxies
Hmmm I'm starting to understand overwatch 2. They just give every hero a line to snort so they're all overpowered. But since every hero is overpowered it's still fair. So it's just overwatch 1 but 10x more intense
Did, you all seriously just Malibu Stacey now with hat people??  (Yes I know mobile sentry and artillery but, Jesus)
aff horrível.
congratulations, you ruined Bastion even more
Oh god. My nightmare
So, his ult is basically 3 Meteor Strikes ?
This seems like a Bastion nerf, which is a great thing
cool
no...no..
I quit playing OW when you nerfed roadhog damage by 33%.. So when is Roadhog Rework?
Why is Bastion wearing Torb's hat?
why are you guys working on a game that isnt going to come out??
No self repair, an out of character glowy bomb thing and a cooldown on sentry mode? I'm done.
My loveeee!
Gonna be honest, i dont like the redesign and the removal of self heal.  He just looks to sleek now, i liked his old look due to how militaristic it was. I hope there is a way to equip the old designs as skin.
I still think of a Symm rework....
Removing self-heal ability completely breaks this rework, he's not mobile enough wether in sentry or tank mode to take the heat or flee in encounters. They should've added a quick, temporary deploying shield with the shift ability to at least have some damage mitigation, but he's now even more useless. Continuing to hate most of what I'm seeing for OW2 (like most of the silent majority).
Nah
you can move now in artillery mode?! ok im down with that
They need to stop labelling this overwatch 2 cause I've met so many people who are confused and think they have to buy to a whole new game just for this rework for example
I undersrand that this change is for the best but man self-heal and unlimited turret mode is what let him hard carry garbage teams.
wish this comes to steam
WOWWWWW
Gonna miss self healing
I undersrand that this change is for the best but man self-heal and unlimited turret mode is what let him hard carry garbage teams.
THAT HAT IS SOOOOOO CUUUUUUUTE >______________<
So its a full price content patch. Should be a $20 upgrade from the first game $40 for new players.
Lets see how long it takes before they nerf him
Removed the self heal for a junkrat bomb? I don't think that is worth o.O BUT no idea how ow2 will play so hope it is useful even against inv hacker sombra.
this rework is actually cool but sombras is just a load of buffs
Not even half a million views after a day. Lol no one cares 😂
Old bastion was prettier. -sad beep boop noise-
Massimo's gonna have a field day
How do the graphics look worse... also they need to move on
Overwatch turns into World of Tanks... nIcE! 🤖
Bring back 6v6 or no deal!
OP AF. Hope the other heroes will get some changes too.. esp. Diva..
Same game for 60$ OMEGALUL
Bastions hat needs to get nerfed.
They've given him a hat. Bast = OP.
r.i.p tank
Everyone talking about Bastion rework and other rework details Meanwhile me: hat
DEAD BEFORE RELEASE LUL
cool
We fired our visual designers, so that we can do whatever we want with the characters, like giving Bastion this stupid head for no reason. Also, help him stand out, cause, you know, he totally is the most indistinguishable character from all the other meatbags in the game... ffs, guys, how dumb are you?
Torbjorn-ized then.
I undersrand that this change is for the best but man self-heal and unlimited turret mode is what let him hard carry garbage teams.
Can I get a clarification on whether his turret form has a cooldown or his ability to move in turret form has a cooldown?  It's not really clear from the video.
Cubix is back baby! Love the redesign
i personally am not a big fan of this change. I feel like Bastion works best as a stationary powerhouse, and i have no problems with Configuration:Tank. Changing it to a mortar is ok i guess, but i feel like he was just fine as a tank.
Overwatch community will you update for no crossplay because it's bull crab I haven't turn off crossplay because I need a battle net account look I get I you need money for it  and I think your probably doing the same think to overwatch 2 so can update were crossplay its turn off will please
OH NO
dead game
Massimo's gonna have a field day
So is over watch 2 just nothing special? It seems like something they could have added in an over watch 1 update
someone tell Zylbrad his boy has changed and it's not a phase
Wow this is definitely gonna kill tf2.  (x) doubt
I feel like they should be honest with us and just say they wanted to nerf his overall power. This rework weakened him significantly.
Don't forget that that ultimate is now a better Widowmaker ultimate. You can see everything and call out to your team.
Wish I cared. That ship has passed. Can't believe it's taken you 6 years to make "OW2" when these are the type of changes you shouldve tried years ago. Excited to not give you my money lol
Oh u ruined the character? Great, probably not gonna get my 60
Massimo's gonna have a field day
Reasons that Blizzard wants you to pay $60 to play Overwatch 2  • They ruined all of Bastions abilities • They gave Bastion a hat • Bastion has a bouncy ball that deals damage, and can't heal himself anymore • Sombra is the exact same except she's more OP  Sounds like a great game so far, can't wait for this to turn into another Cyberpunk 2077.
This version sucks.
Well at least he'll be moving now lol
So bastion is gonna be now kinda like a Orissa with his secondary fire being kinda like halt and he moving slower when shooting, hopefully his turret does wayyy less damage than it does now because that be op af
This seems way less annoying. I love this rework out of all the hero’s.
They really are into his hat lmao
i honestly like how theyre encouraging bastion players to ACTUALLY MOVE AROUND
And yet they didn't say they changed his class to tank.
One of my biggest hopes as a bastion main is that this rework will stop you from getting insta-flamed in chat as soon as you switch to him
Bro, they just made bastion round
no way they just made bastion from one of the worst things in ow to a cool new member of the team
While it isn't the Bastion we've grown to love (or hate) with OW1, it's probably for the best, hopefully it makes him more viable and less of a gimmicky pubstomper that doesn't work very well at high level
Anyone have bastion as a sniper on their bingo cards?
Everything sounded fun...now the shield shredding moves though that's a bit worrying but with how everything else has been handled i'm sure this one will be fine too
Over plzzzzzz doom new skin u see 15M got your u play wow nice 10m nice love over plz
Bastions sentry mode should have become his ult and he's a precision hitscan now because the no skill gameplay he's at rn sucks
I was so excited overwatch was finally gonna be playable and they fixed bastion but nope now he can kill your entire team in a few seconds and move while doing it
I love this!!!!
bruh i completely forgot about overwatch for a few months. what happened to jeff??
So Bastion is just a bad pick if you indoors, or will the ulti ignore ceilings and floors?
Rework toxic hog hook.
GIVE THE BIRD A HAT TOO!!!!
this sucks
Was hoping they would bring back headshot damage before watching the video but this works as well
MOVING SENTRY????????????
I see alot of people here don't play Bastion as much as me since he's my main but... I'm excited for this rework and very much disappointed.   First of all, I like and dislike the new "Bouncy ball" ability the reason why; It's good for offense, yes, but Defense? No. Self-healing did more than just heal you when you're damaged. It allowed survivability in constant damage situations I.E Moira's debuff ball or Managing to survive Hanzo's ult.   The Ult Ability However is something I'm highly excited for. It can be used Defensively or Offensively! It also gives him high survivability since it can be used away from teamfights and hopefully no one knows where he is!  and Last but not least, the one that I'm EXTREMELY disappointed about, his turret mode... Yes, Bastion can move! Yay! Guys, remember. It has a f'n cooldown. Yes, he's annoying with unlimited usage in base overwatch but, he is THEE most easiest character to kill if you don't know where to place yourself!  First of all this new reworked ability removes his purpose for the name "Bastion" which definition reads- "a projecting part of a fortification built at an angle to the line of a wall, so as to allow defensive fire in several directions."  NOT a moving fortress with a gun that can only defend a little. This reworked ability makes him 100% Offensive 0% Defensive for 7sec, not only does he do less damage than base overwatch bastion dmg but he also doesn't have self heal for survivability!  Okay, so here's my advice as a Bastion main to fix this(Just my thoughts not saying they should actually do this because not like they will do it anyway.) Bastion should have the tank treads as an Ability ONLY available to activate when in Base Overwatch Bastion's sentry mode. So this allows him to stay Stationary for an Indefinite amount of time and allow 7seconds of Moving at the cost of Massive damage reduction while activated within that 7seconds. Will this make him broken? If you think it does, I think reverting back Bastion's time consuming Recon to Sentry mode from WAAAY back would be a solution.  That's it! Everything else can be as they are!  I honestly don't care if people disagree with me just because they find Bastion annoying but, this is LIFE OR DEATH TO US BASTION MAINS WHO SPENT EONS TRYING TO FIND A WAY TO PROPERLY PLAY BASTION BOTH OFFENSIVELY AND DEFENSIVELY!
💀💀
Man, YouTube comments are so much less toxic than Twitter ones. I saw this rework first there and the very first ones were people complaining about how op he is
wtf
Don't mind me here ... I have never played Overwatch BUT I bought the LEGO Bastion set cuz it looked hella dope. Hope Bastion rework is good.
What a flippin joke
never thought I'd see the day they actually make Bastion look fun to play
Ruined Bastion? Check.  Artillery will be easy to dodge so pointless and never used, if you manage to get it off whilst stuck in an out of body view and a simple kill for everyone on the other team.  Hey at least he's got a hat for that extra level of lootbox content! ffs :(
Well if I play this game, first thing I’m doing is playing Sombra and Bastion. Hope this is out soon.
Bastion's airstrike is basically a better version of doom's ult
"We also gave him a hat"
Overwatch 2 is a massive troll
AR-TILLEREEEEEE!!
That ult is too slow for a game as fast paced as ow
I have one very important question… can you change hats Like in team fortress 2?
I like rework some much better than sombras might make me come back in the future . Great work
why
"Hi, we've ruined bastion. Also please don't google the words activision blizzard."
We ..we gave him a hat
Looks like Torbjorn gave bastion some upgrades.
theyre literally breaking the game lmao w every announcement or news coming out on blizard n ow 2 i grow less n less excited
I left overwatch because of the unbalanced heros (and Bastion). FINALLY changing him up to not make bastion like he doesn't fit in the game. EXCITED!
So bastion gets 3 doom fist ults for his Ult 😱 ;p
Looks like a good direction. I would play if this game weren't associated with Activision Blizzard.
What have they done
*click video* *pause video* *click dislike button* *exit video*
Sniper Smurf must be creaming himself right now seeing this
This is a genuinely horrible and incredibly baffling set of changes barring the sentry mode adjustments. 😠 And I rarely play bastion except in PvE modes!  In terms of abilities and how bastion is played, this rework is literally just a new hero that has a slow firing heavy rifle, and a backpack with a mortar and a minigun, with bastion's appearance slapped on.  Self repair is crucial for bastion due to hit particularly large hitbox despite only having 300 hp. Tank mode is also perfectly fine as an ultimate for GOOD REASON. It provides increased direct fire damage like an ult should feel like, and not a "tactical option" (like Baptiste's Amplification Matrix) that is locked behind a damage requirement. And while yes, reducing the sentry mode uptime will help with those who camp on payload, having mobility is _perfect_ for those who feel recon mode is actually BETTER _and_ more fun to play with than sentry mode (and it generally is) as sentry mode deals damage based on target size (because of it's horrendous individual shot accuracy), and is poor to horrible against anything that's small or has a thin frame (such as hanzo/76 or mercy) AND makes you an easy target, especially for snipers (like hanzo). In comparison, as recon does lots of damage anyway and can hit small and distant targets while still being forgiving of misses.   I don't know what was going through Blizzard's head for this, but this is NOT bastion, nor what he/it should be.
Now ow2 has a moving sentry.... GOD HELP US
Now if only Blizzard can fix themselves...
Sombra and bastion looking OP as F. Hanzo and genji better be hitscan at this point lol.
Moving sentry bastion? Run!
Who disliked this? Blizzard actually did something... with Bastion! BASTION!
wait people still play overwatch?
Rip rocket jump
looks like they just swapped the bottom half of the models for tank & sentry modes, so uve got treads + minigun for mobile sentry, and anchor feet + cannon for artillery strike.
I was thinking the rework was retarded because I liked the old bastion but then I saw they gave him a hat and im like I'm on board
60 dollars for a hat LULW
But the sentry mode is what I liked about bastion and now your making it mobile and putting it on a cool down wut.
Yall should add that torbjourn could heal any robot character with his hammer
Okay but the game is still being changed to 5v5.  Horrible decision all because you don't want double barrier matches anymore
You friends are all super awesome! Oh no, moments of this video are so very very horrible and so very very terrible.
A HAT! OMFG Take that TF2!
I knew getting his golden gun wasnt pointless!
...doom ult x 3
Bro the hat
Hope the graphics and audio gets better too. Visually this looks like it should be Overwatch 1.5.
This is gonna feel weird
*MY BOY BASTION IS BACK!* 👏🏽
One word, "trash". Goodbye Overwatch.
how is this fair?
funny how we live in a world now where a 'rework' for a returning character in an entirely new game merits a trailer....
Whoever is designing these reworks should pick up the controller or mnk and play the game. Because if u did you wouldnt make stupid decisions like this
The rework's good, but did they had to make bastion so goddamn ugly
Every comp player is quaking rn
He'll still be in the garbage tier. Nice job.
5v5 killed this game. I will not buy it. Bb blizzard.
lmao no
They massacred my boy.
Is this a meme?
Shame that they didn't take the opportunity to change Bastion's design for the wheels and alternate turret to not just come out of no where, and now it's just split across 2 forms
So you ruined my Bastian  ☹
i hope the abbility isnt that op because it looked like u cant do anything against it
Can you rework bap now
I realized, if Genji can’t deflect Bastion’s ult anymore, we won’t get to hear him say, “Bastion! Catch!”
I think it’s safe to say I’m a bastion main now
I see Bastion is keeping his stance change.  But what's his stance on Blizzard's increasingly hostile decisions towards the employees that just want a healthier work environment.
I do not like at all that they take away the healing, the truth would prefer that they leave it like this this rework is horrible
If you're not a bastion main already, you're not allowed to use him. 😤
Yeah hitting with the new ult is going to be next to impossible unless it has huge slash damage but it looks like they just straight up made it worse
like bastion nedeed buffs....
So they removed the tank form and then added a tank form to its turret form.
Whaaaaaaaaaat? Tank mode was the SOLE reason I would ever pick him. It was one of the funnest ults.
okay now let torbjorn be able to repair him 👀
At first I was skeptical but I like that hat
They turned my BOI into an APC Edit: Return his shield whenever he activates his Ult.
Cool, looks like Bastion players actually have to use their brains now instead of camping a corner behind a tank
Dont like it
But can you deflect the artillery
FINALLY
yes im so glad nothing bad has happened to the sequel nor is delayed
Ok
how does the hat stay on his head
My favorites heroes are Widow and Bastion. I was a main Widow but I'm a main Widow AND Bastion now, I guess 🥲😁
Sad they removed his self repair, happy for everything else though. Especially looking forward to his new ultimate.
I feel like these updates should align with the characters journey throughout the story. I don’t feel like bastion would remove its self healing as an upgrade...that’s like an integral part of bastion’s story. Bastion was alone and had to look out for itself for a while..how would this update be conducive to it saving the world. I hope this makes sense lol
Now everybody can stop complaining when a game makes delays
I still believe he should have a little self heal.
Are you thinking of giving his beta shield back? Could help loads when trying to keep back cubicle crawlers!
That sounds really cool, and it seems more balanced as bastion was a little op sometimes. I can't wait to see him in game!
Remember... BLIZZARD IS HORRIBLE TO WOMEN. SPEAK WITH YOUR MONEY. DON'T BUY THEIR GARBAGE.
I quite like these ideas and am excited to see them in action but I'm definitely gonna miss Configuration: Tank, and self-repair.
as one of the streamers said - they are trying to make every hero to be like soldier 76. remeber when the game just released how diverse the pool was, we had sym with 6 turrets and no aim beam, torb with cool mechanic of collecting scrap and providing armour, hanzo with scatter arrow, etc, etc. overtime they removed all of that and made these heroes to have more "classic" fps game style, which is easier to balance, but less fun to play. now bastion... we'll see, but it looks like he's getting closer to boring soldier-like gameplay
Wow his ult is so awesome
So bastion is now a better hitscan than 76, Ashe and cree, better than junkrat at being junkrat and has 450DPS on wheels?
"He had a hat... he had a hat..  he had a hat... he had a hat.."
Wow! That is so cool looking amazing that was exterior from the outer parts of the body tank like, what a way impressive defective bots how much we've taken so far.😮
Transformer Bastion?
The sticky grenade kinda feels out of place on a Bastion unit, but it does seem like a nifty trick that Torbjörn would slap onto something, just like the hat.
It's nice to see heroes getting reworked for OW2. Been wanting to see something like this so it feels like a new and evolved experience.
He shoots three dfs for ultra now, let’s delete df blizzard 🥰
Hello Viktor?
This.. is just about the worst thing they could have done to bastion. I was never really considering buying overwatch 2, but this is the nail in the coffin for why I'll never play it.
I love these "more offense, less defense" changes!
He looks so fun and balanced in this. I’ll play him a lot more when the game comes out.
Nice! You take Bastion's "thing" and make it a CD... That's.... awesome?  It would be like saying that Reinhardt can only use his shield while below 30% health, it only lasts for 8 seconds, and has a 16 second CD.  Taking away what makes that character unique isn't a way to make that character unique. He's just Soldier 76 now with a CD that reminds you of how he's supposed to be played.  Bastions thing is literally setting up as a turret and dealing high damage.. Take that away and what is he? Boring..
WTB skin that removes the silly hat.
He's op enough
NERF BASTION
How could they massacre my boy?
Ah yes bastion can now kill you around corners
Fixing a Game after 5 years 😂
Looks like Victor from Paladins smh
If he doesn't have tank mode why does he come in flying on tank mode at the end
Yeah, imma spawn camp nerds with that ult
:i want it i want it i want it  :No don't be fooled! he's still the same stupid old bastion just with a cheap hat :but he's got new hat... i want it i want it
aaron keller sounds exactly like jeff kaplan
As an actual bastion main this gives me a bunch of concerns. My main is that he has 0 mobility now which is a huge issue. His new ult which is cool and all but now he is completely useless for what his old job was which was to counter dive tanks he no longer can do this. They claim hes always been made like a sniper now he is more or less a seige hero with area denial which in overwatch a very heavy mobility based meta he won't be viable again which really upsets me.
I wish we could play with earlier Versions as well, maybe in Custom Games. Because I really LIKE Bastion right now. In fact, every Update makes mne worry a bit I never get to play the Versions of the Characters I loved anymore...
Finalfuckingly thank you
I'll go ahead and say what we're all thinking, "..."
OK I'm loving that new artillery mode
Actually not half bad, although the redesign isn't really that revolutionary. It just looks more toyish
So essentially, the game scrapped the old Bastion and kept some of the original parts of his kit in this "update". Isn't this game supposed to be dead anyway, as in they no longer have money to run the skeleton crew making OW2 development team and the new maps were shifting to OW1?
Bastion with the brim
Please just delete him fully thanks😇
They killed my boy :(
Bastion mains rise up!
1:21” something we will walls be excited about, guys remeber that ability you complained about…it can now move!!!!”……..whyyyyyy
I just can't get excited about it but lord am I trying
You know, thats a great rework. Good job.
Probably will just stick with overwatch 1. Overwatch 2 seems like a downgrade.
"Bastion now assaults all women characters both physically and verbally."
Lame
The cap is easily the best change.
How does bastions ult work inside?
Nerf lian pls
Zylbrad: looks like meat’s back on the menu boys!
I feel like the new ult fire bomb should look a little more lava like to reflect a Torb upgrade. As it is, it looks strange seeing him fire something that looks like that.
Ok he MAY not be that op anymore
Not a fan of the rework abilities. His ult is just a better Doomfist ult. Besides that, the main gun is cool, being able to drive in sentry mode is cool, but I will miss self repair and being able to cannonball myself to high place and set up a strong turret. Or even setting up as a strong turret on the payload.
So if bastion has a grenade launcher now do we really still need junkrat?
I'm going crazy of this update! Let's go!!!!
nerf him already
They really made Bastion a lot more fun
Bastion actually looks fun now. Course, fun's subjective, and this ain't me trying to dig at those who find OW1 Bastion fun. But he finally feels like a real character now, and I'm excited to get to try him out
Yeah, now THIS  is cool!
Oh boy, recon bastion has been my religion, now its my dream come true
Did... Did they just they make Bastion look fun to fight against?
nie polecam uzytkownikow, lapka w dol... zawiodlem sie
Jesteście zjebani idź ryż uprawiaj
YEAAAAAAH CONTEEEEEENT
This is a great example of why I quit Overwatch post Orisa. Y'all have no idea wtf your doing. You keep adding new characters, and you try to fix previous characters by increasing mobility and adding new abilities which in turn makes flaws for other characters. Less is more, less is more. You know what a great place to put time and energy into? Very well designed and thought out maps as far as I'm aware having more places to play at is never a bad thing, will be a bit difficult since every character now has such high mobility high ground means nothing. Individual cosmetic items instead of sets? I mean TF2 did it and it's been around since the crustacean period. You should honestly just scrap this OW2 which if it's not a arena pvp tembased shooter it doesn't make much sense as a sequel anyway. You know what I would pick up and play right away, a legacy OW with OG characters maybe plus Anna cause she was a real good add. It would need to be before the big change to Roadhog being a human shaped Jabba the Hut that can all of a sudden power walk constantly and defence class is still a thing. Cause nothing is funner than being on attack and sneaking a molten core behind the enemy team.
we are fvk
? wtf
If u main bastion pre rework I don’t like u
Rework but it's only when OW2 is released next year....
I thought Bastion identified as a she for some reason.
Oh my god. . .  My boy is about to shine with the other heroes!
Change that ultimate firing plz its literal motionsickness gaming
Bastionmain flanking with the turret is gonna be hilarious
loving the changes good stuff devs!
as a bastion main: THANK YOU after years of playing bastion, this is literally something i didn't need. THANK YOU for ruining my main and making me realise buying this game will be a waste of money
If this ult rly happens than we ow should buff doomfists ult.
That’s a new main for my collection!
I kinda prefered the angular and utilitarian look of his old model, but I like the hat thou.
"Look how they massacred my boy"
this new bastion sucks
why is the self heal gone?
Ma boi is finally going to be fun and versatile to play, I always hated myself for being a Bastion main, now I'm proud to be one.
I swear the community would make jokes like this sometimes. Like..." what if bastion could move in sentry mode?" And then blizzard actually added it lmao
They gave bastion splash damage....i have no hope for ow
Finally some good buffs and nerfs to bastion!
They massacre my boy
Ok, isso me fez ter vontade de voltar jogar kk
Yeah but remove the hat...
I like his secondary fire and the new ult but moving turret mode I found it hard enough  to kill him when he was standing still
bastion as a turret melt barrier armor and hitpoint and you've made it mobile?
already OP
new overwatch team sucks.
I love all the dislikes, stay butthurt people. I'm all about this.
Welp you did exceed my expectations congrats cause i was scared of bastion rework but you did well as long as that ult doesn't do more than 1mil damage im glad    Ok umm actually not higher than 400 or 300 cause.    Omg their on point Bastion: k ill use my ult (calls 3 bombs on point tracer and mercy survive mercy resurrected rein and then uses last one boom easy win)   Rewatched it and he calls 2 bombs then 1 bomb boom
idk why but "we also gave him a hat" just sounded so adorable
Glad I stopped playing overwatch. You guys move so slow you make the DMV a pleasant experience
I really liked his old kit because you had the sustain and damage output to be able to set yourself in weird and unexpected positions which was pretty fun. I really liked the trade-off of more firepower at the cost of movement, now there's no trade-off at all, just a cool down, his old recon mode already felt good, the gun changes were unneeded imo, and the new secondary attack seems out of place. Overall the only thing I like about the rework is the new model and the ult, I never liked the tank tbh
An interesting change looking forward to it
as a bastionmain i hate this change. his ultimate was the most fun thing in the game and now its just gone?!?!?!?!?!?
These are some good changes his playtime should go up a bit
Ok time to become a Bastion main in OW2
orisa bastion zarya bastion comp xD
He can now move using his OP move? Stupid
Well this give a smile to my face as a bastion main cuz I'm no longer lv 5 torb turret
Everybody gangsta 'til Sentry mode start movin'
Nice 👍👌
I undersrand that this change is for the best but man self-heal and unlimited turret mode is what let him hard carry garbage teams.
Oh yeah maje vastion even stronger, eure why not
How does this artiley even work indoors?
Just amazing, cant wait for OW2
Dive bastion is gonna be real
His ultimate is literally Viktor from Paladins 😂✌️
They killed bastion
he is waaay more weak now.
I thought sentry should be a turret, without movement. Now its just a tank
"Sleeker and more modern materials" - it takes place in the future, and always has?
so you went out of your way to make bastion not a heavy ripoff by removing the self heal... then made it a heavy ripoff again by letting him move great job  hey at least he has a grenade launcher now so he's at least somewhat unique
Wow - giving a hat to bastion is overwatch 2 for sure. New game though ...maybe if you give him a new helmet instead of hat it would be overwatch 3? Or just overwatch 2 remastered? reworked?
Finally. They actually fixed Bastion
Did he just say we would be happy about him being able to move in turrent form like no we won't all the other changed are good especially the self heal and ult
OW devs saying they wanted to give Bastion a new fun ult somehow forgetting that he currently turns into a literal tank
Many women were raped to bring us this information.
Oh look guys it’s the game that should just be a content update AND NOT A SECOND GAME.   Overwatch has legit fell off so hard
he has a cap now
Now change pharah a bit 😂😅
THANK YOUUUUUUUU!!!!!!
For the first minute I was pretty excited. Then I saw him move in turret mode and I started crying
Great changes. Looking forward to not getting choked out and mowed down by Bastion anymore...
Not gonna lie, this hat looks terrible. I have nothing against putting a hat on Bastion in general, but this particular hat has too much of a "look fellow kids" vide going on and I don't like it.
This right click is gonna be fun
Ngl I fully choked up in fear when I heard bastion can move in sentry form.
This new Bastion is….        Scary       But i love it
Waiting bastionmain gameplay
Meh~ This rework totally misses theme of impenetrable fortress on a choke point that Bastion was built around.
Goodbye Apex Hello overwatch 2 😭
I usually take out Widows with Basion and Soldier easily, so his new no-spread primary fire is going to make that even more consistent.
We also gave him a hat
Oh sweet, they let bastion move in his turret form when it was already the most overpowered thing in the game with only one, very weak, counter. Thanks.
Gotta love seeing the "tanks" getting destroyed in less than a second when a SINGLE character shoots them
yikes
OH YEAAASSSSSSS
man these are just not the same without jeff huh
I might actually enjoy bastion now tbh ty devs, may I ask when I can see a Hanzo rework or even a new model? And can we plz have scatter in OW2?? Plzz
Thankkkkkk youuuuu
At least now it requires some skill to play with it. I've been hoping they realize that his sentery mode was so OP since the  launch of OW, they finally realized it. I really wish they rework some heroes so that they require a certain amount of skill to play as them otherwise you won't be effective in the battlefield if you don't, no pressing a button and getting an auto lock on and kill everyone in sight, no spinning around and everyone dies around you, it feels unfair to me that some players are skilled with hard heroes, like Genji, Echo and others, but they get their work cut out for them when facing an average player, why? Because that player is playing as Bastion or Reaper or S76 to name a few, which are at a completely different skill level than the aforementioned heroes.
he fires 3 doomfist ults now lol
I wonder if you can eat/deflect there alt
"we also gave him a hat".
He looks way more balanced now. Bastion always was the sore sight in ow1. He looks like fun now, both to play and as an enemy.
Not that anything they did would change my choice.... but this really tilts the light on the problems of overwatch.... they removed self sustain... and increased damage... with a new ult, and new nonsense grenade thing.... further pushing time to kill closer and closer to 0.000 seconds... they genuinely need to slow the game down... I can keep up with the gameplay, no problem just exhausting... I don’t play games to get exhausted! I play them for fun, and decompressing. And this rework, and I’m sure all the others are removing the ‘fun’ and blizzard quality... which now is a sarcastic joke.
That rework looks really good. I just hope it won't be op and nerfed into the ground like the last one. ^^ Fun Fact: I once came up with a Bastion Rework when 1-3-2 was in experimental and there, I also gave him an ultimate like Atillery mode.  Now I'm excited to see Sym's rework being announced. ^^
Very good rework the community been asking for
Очень,очень обидно,что новые фишки,улучшения,реворки добавляют в Овервотч 2,а на Овервотч 1 просто забили.Так самое обидное,что Овервотч 2 ничем не отличается кроме новых карт и фишек,с таким же результатом это все можно было добавить в первую часть .Компания решила просто нажиться на игроках,которые купят игру 2 раз!
This looks bland and boring.  Should have just made a new bastion character w/ these abilities.
Bastion main is on the rise and 3 doom ult it something too cool.
Artillerija intensifies
I love everything about this…. Except the hat
I… actually hate every change here
sooo the tank went to the alt mode & the sentry went to the ultimate ...... okey?
Some interesting upgrades, but they essentially made his sentry mode even more powerful without addressing the big issue of _Bastion riding the cart_  Having played for Overwatch quite some time and for several years I have little faith that the developers all the sudden would pull out a good card out of their deck!
Noobs fore the winn make bastion more noob like and noob frendly 👌🏻💩
Your company is in shambles
To be honest, I'm very excited for overwatch 2 and I think I'm going to enjoy it. Don't understand why some people are negative about it.
moving bastion no bueno :(
Господа, а вы не хотите откатить назад 8 секунд трансформации в турель?! А то получается занерфленное говно, хотя опять же посмотрим. И будет ли ульта работать в закрытых пространствах, скорее всего, но вы хоть показали бы
Idk why people don’t like this, I think this is a perfect solution lol
It's a shame to think how many people were abused at the office to make this possible.
Cool. See if this game comes out before the entire team is fired/let go/leaves.
he looks ugly now
Her! Bastion is a her and always has been!
I just realised, Bastion's ult is kinda like the one Junkrat should have gotten before he got the riptire, and that ability also seems like Junk's primary fire
>people think this game is coming out lmao
THEY CAN MOVE NOW
maybe you shouldve focused on overwatch 1
Omg bastion ❤️😍
ruined him
How do we make bastion even more of an issue to deal with oh wait lets make make it so he never has to leave turret form
Now this is what you call a good rework , it feels like we are getting an entirely new character
great.. an annoying character made even more annoying
I'm a bit worried for this ult. This is basically the same as the doom ult, but bastion has 3, and is not in any danger while using it
Bastion meta now
Moving Bastion Sentry :D that looks fun
Honestly I’ve been saying that all u need todo to balance him is take off self repair….
UnU
We gave him a hat for personality lol
As a certain bird friend of mine once said "He. Had. A. Hat."
Give Ganymede a hat
Pero el sombrero es nuevo!
Nonononono now he can move no no no
The fact that you can move in sentry mode is cool. I like the changes to primary fire. New ult is amazing. Now I really really hate the removal of his self-healing, his new secondary fire doesn't fit into his kit, or his character. And putting a cooldown on sentry mode completely ruins his current gameplay of constantly repositioning.
liked him better without the hat
To be fair, these changes are actually really good
gonna miss tank jumping, but excited to see how he plays now :)
A more balanced bastion  Cool
My boi finally getting the rework he deserves. Also the hat is absolute perfection! Cap-tivating!
So is he meant to be long range artillery sniper, or short range turret and grenades. If you push in you better kill everyone as you have no heal now. He's trying to do everything lol
Air strike is insane,its like playing cod
Does he come with nerfs?
1:19 dont look widowmaker pls
This actually looks interesting.
I just don't understand why they feel the need to change characters completely all the time? Why not just fix their current abilities and save the new ones for future characters? I'm just getting tired of characters I like playing getting changed completely.
I like this rework <3 excited to try it
Hahahaha so the ability to have second tank in OW2 has been removed by changing his ult - it seems they watched Videogamedunkey
So it's rework, ok, but why this is a new game? 🤔
I'm gonna be honnest, when a saw the sombra rework i was kind of scared for the rest. But this Bastion rework is really good and exciting ! I can really see that you had fun with this one, and it replicate into his abilities. He looks really fun to play tho, i'm hype !
Imagine his new ult with a Zarya grav. Woops.
Wtf is this??
I'm sorry, isn't the point of bastion that he was just one among many but randomly gained sentience? That there's nothing special about him? I can't believe I'm saying this, but the hat is kind of at odds with that.
In short: Bastion was limiting their design space so they killed him.
Kudos to Torbjörn for giving Bastion a major upgrade and to top it all off, He had given him his hat.
Tank jumping is no longer a thing.
Good stuff, made want to play both heroes right away.
I hope overwatch 2 is gonna be a separate thing from one with all the changes there making i still wish there was a way to “go back” to a time when like hogs hook with a buggy mess
So you made Tank stationary but made Turret mobile? That's so simple but actually really genius!! I can see the Tank flanks now... Sounds op until Hog hooks him and 2 shots him lol.  I also dig that bouncing sticky bomb alt. Looks fun, gives him some variety. Not to mention making Recon mode more of a sniper option and less like a worse turret while you relocate somewhere to go turret again.  New Bastion looks really satisfying to play!! Great work from the Overwatch Team 👍
Don't forget that Activision Blizzard are scum and need to be held accountable
They gave him a hat!? that's crazy..
taking away bastion's tank form is a huge nerf
Cool another dead game from blizzard
MMmmm selling patches for the games now.
I hope that bastion will be able to rocket jump with either his right click or the last shot of his ult, because rocket jumping to weird places was one of the modt fun oarts in his kit.
Okay, so, he's a completely different hero. Calling it a "rework" is just a lie, you changed everything about him. Him gun, his abilities, his ult, and his look. This is simply not Bastion anymore.
I really like this! Good job overwatch team! Love ya and can’t wait for this lovely sequel!🤗❤️
Very promising changes for the worst hero in the game
Ok, the ultimate and alt-fire sounds cool and stuff, but hear me out. TF2's Heavy, with the Tomislav, but loud. Oh, and hat.
Sombra and Bastion's rework look so fun. I cant wait to get back into the game once OW2 drops
RELEASE DATE
WOW. It sound as if Sombra and Bastion is now a bit to op
My boy finally getting his rework ;-; so proud of how far he’s come
I was really interested to see what you did and this seems like a good start to me. No longer this weird interaction with a standing hero you gotta bunker around.  Now only Widow is left as a character that plays nothing like Overwatch.
tbh this actually looks fun cant wait for beta
This video states that they have gotten overwatch to go towards League of Legends
My boy Bastion is getting some love! i can't wait!
Hot take: I hate the hat
Tbh i love the New bastion
I am excited. This actually looks ok, better than the current Bastion. And on balance, seems better than the new Sombra.
thank god they made his turret form do less damage (idk why they didn't mention that)
Glad to see that customising skills is only for pve it seems... *sigh*
Will these changes be available in Overwatch 1 too or only in Overwatch 2? Are we able to keep playing with the old Bastion?  It's so much of a rework that they should have made a new character instead...
Imagine the grav with artillery and the alternate fire
Apart from the Grenade ability, loving it
He'll be looking like a kids toy, i hate it 🤢
This is nice.
Guys ... guys .. since you've been messing around with settings of heroes on OVERWATCH 1, I don't think I'm gonna love what you're trying to propose on OVERWATCH 2. I really had too much fun on OVERWATCH 1 from Aug 2016 till 2019 only. Afterward, everything happened to be nerfed this hero and buff that character. Come on!
This actually looks super fun to play, I figured his sentry mode would be changed, that's a given, but all the other changes look pretty cool too
Too bad that bullet-spreading mine ult is still in the bin
It looks like Bastion can't turn his turret or strafe in "sentry mode". You can't really dodge anything, so aren't you just going to die every time unless you pop out of sentry mode? It's on a cooldown now, so in order to not have to dodge stuff you'll have to find vantage points for sentry mode same as before, except you do less damage because they nerfed it.  Wait, why does he have his old ultimate tank form at 1:34 ????
Overwatch be like:  Yea we buffed bastion a bunch Meanwhile: Firerate 1/3  And give ganemede a hat
I never thought I would be a Bastion main, but now I certainly am
Where was the overwatch team during june 4th 1989?
i’m kinda 50/50 on this one cause i really likes bastions self healing thing he had going cause that would come in handy a lot especially when you not near a kit or healing spot or ESPECIALLY when no one wants to be a healer on the team (or the healer just sucks) and i don’t like the idea of the bomb being bouncie cause i feel like that could really mess you up in some ways like what if there is certain spot you need to hit and the stupid thing just bounces right off the wall and you completely miss your shot but what i really am excited for is the fact that you can move when you use the machine gun!!
we all know he’s gonna get nerfed a month into release
I need healing. . .
I AM BECOME TANK
So they switch his ult and sentry around, ult is still, sentry and move!
LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAME.
Bastion is essentially Viktor from Paladins.
You added a hat? This is not my Bastion anymore. You went too far.
Something we all think you will be excited for..... bastion can move in sentry... LIKE CMON WHY DID YOU THINK WE WANTED THAT
I'm fine with this.
This is so awesome I love it!
This is cool, but as a longtime bastion main, I’m gonna miss how he is now
aight if yall giving all these dps character more dmg we better see hella support changes/buffs.
I don't like this rework because it can no longer heal itself or fire spread ammo.
1:19 trololololol
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
ITS BEAUTIFUL
So bastion has 3 doom ults that charge faster and can be used from range??
Oh right, I'd forgotten to unsub from this channel
As a bastion main myself i must say the best change about bastion 2.0 is his hat
Oh my
Bruh I can't rocket jump anymore? 😭
You see here I'm conflicted I absolutely love these abilities they seem so fun I can't wait to use them but also you've completely killed bastion and reworked him and I'm going to miss the old bastion and I'm going to want to play him again. When you want to make something this different just make a new character a small bastion friend side story or turbjorn's creation or something rather would hold these new abilities just as good as bastion would. At the very least make a new game mode called classic heroes where you can play the old characters that have been reworked so I can still get to enjoy the old bastion every once in awhile
i’ve been a bastion lover ever since i started playing in 2017, i’m ecstatic to see his full potential released! i’m so exited NOBODY WILL BE SAFE FROM OUR TERROR BASTION PLAYERS UNITE
Now I am really excited about the Doomfist changes.
He has a NEW HAT :D
Зачем? Бастион и так был нормальным, зачем что-то менять, так ещё и бредово?
2 years of hyping OW2 and bastion gets a hat...
As a Bastion main I have mixed feelings about this.  Primary is fine for me. I liked the old primary but this looks like a rough time for Pharah mains.   I don't know about the bombs yet. I think it depends how quick you can use it and how long it interrupts your primary.   Ultimate is an improvement for sure. I barely used the old one.   Centurymode is a bit more complicated. You can see that the Dmg is decreased and I can live with that and it is also extremely cool that you can move now but this ability will rise and fall with the duration and cooldown.  I can see why they removed the self healing due to the fact that people including me would have used him as a second tank. Now it is more difficult.   But my main concern is that his playstyle will be completely different. I don't know yet if I will like it or not. I loved it to switch between both modes so I don't have to reload or stop shooting. The other thing is that bastion is still an easy target and he isn't able to heal himself anymore nor does he have a great mobility. That's why I think that characters like Soldier will probably be the better picks. But I will try him for sure.
Great they made him even more cancerous.
not sure if the devs will read or respond to these comments, but can anyone confirm if this means that his sentry mode is no longer knockback immune? that's been one of my biggest frustrations with this hero is that he's immune to some displacement abilities, but not others. for some reason hook can pull him, but Halt can't. rein pin knocks him out of sentry mode, but doom fist punch doesn't. hopefully now that he has wheels, this stupid partial immunity will be gone entirely.
I may actually pick him up now, looks awesome!
Rework: hat.
Dude u ruin it with the ultimate.
I'm scared
So dps are getting reworks...im already not liking this smh
"It bounces?!?!?! Who designs a gun that bounces??? That is the worst gun ever. Of all time."
They're still working on this?
LETS GOOOOOO
I guess this is bastion reworked by torbjon.
tf a balanced ult? Wow, I'm surprised
Moving sentry mode on cooldown is all I ever wanted for him.
while im extremely looking forward to ow2, the effects of mortar mode look really washed out, might even be invisible in team fights
R.I.P Bastion
This makes bastion must less lame but he is also stronger.
I hope tank mode is at least a talent for him in pve
These reworks all Sounds like a huge troll. Lets see how the game is going to be.
imagine reinhart shield with this movable bastion turrent...
does it work inside his ult?
No self heal for a moving sentry mode? A soul for a soul, eh dev team?
It baffles my mind how many of you still support blizzard after the abuse
Tactical grenade? ill take it
i hope this is a joke.
The right way to do a rework
I... really hate that ult. That looks like if doom fist could use his ult 3 times in a row with zero risk.
i'm one of the few bastion mains, I love this character and i'm glad to see this rework, He needs it and I love his character and design, every time I read the comic and see the cinematic, I feel so bad for him and i'm glad he is getting love, and artillery strike is interesting, i love tank mode since you can rocket jump but if you can rocket jump with the explosion's ability on his recon mode, that would be cool, his alt fun to use as you can reach places you normally couldn't before for fun and interesting gameplay, even though most of us hate bastion because of his annoying protect the president kind of gameplay, i'm glad your addressing that issue and make him more fun,
Bastion now feels like Rampart from Apex Omg   His gun is the Rampage and his sentry is Sheila ❤️❤️
Haters are gonna hate bastion players even more!!!
IM SOBBIMG MY BOY IS GONNA BE SO COOL IN OW2 AAAAAAA
I hope Hanzo gets some hella cool
I’m not really sure what their role is now? I mean they are a damage character that hasn’t changed. But with the current set up they are a somewhat standard FPS character like soldier, an automatic weapon with some self healing. But now you have a bouncing but also sticky bomb, a weapon that is more of a marksmanship rifle, and an alternate form that is more of a steroid then an alternate plays style. I guess their role is to be an effective mid to long range bully with the added utility of being able to have a temporary boost to close range fire. Very interesting, hard to really pin point just yet.
glad this heroes about to take a lot more skill
No.
It took several years but our boy is finally getting some love
I'm a little sad about no self healing but this looks great
Man, wonder if overwatch 2 will have the same level of hype as the first. Seems like a snooze more than average. Guess that makes sense given the small amount of changes happening.
A TRUE TANKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
More boops! Just what we wanted!
*cries in Soldier 76's existence*
Enemy air strike inbound on your position
Look at how they massacred my boy :(
I wonder what there gonna do for junkrat and roadhog next
xerath rework
I dunno how I'm feeling about the tank being gone but okay
1:34 this now isn't... I L L E G A L ?
so, he isn't bastion anymore. since they changes everything about him.
Trobjorn’s been busy, it looks like.
I highly doubt they'd remove rocket jumping. It was a pretty interesting, and I bet maybe you can boost yourself with artillery.
can Genji deflect artillery though?
You massacred my boy
Bastion actually looks fun to play but it sucks his ult is changing his old ult was insanely fun
They're gonna have to change all of his highlight intros lol
6 years later…
I may main bastion just cause of the hat
He has a hat
Wait, this game is still being made?
That sentry ability still gonna be annoying
Bastion walking turret?!! >:(
Will poolside Ashe be in the next anniversary pack. Because I missed her
Devs you’re brain dead just no
*laughs in bastion main*
Bastion can move in turrent now? OH NO
Looks good and fun. Sombra is op though. She will nerfed 100%
Blizzard 10 months later: bastion now doesn't have cool down on turret and has infinite dps and ammo
This looks like a bit of a clusterfuck of a character. He has AOE for fighting grouped up enemies, long range damage, and a tank form which seems a bit brawly. I predict that this bastion is going to be a balancing nightmare for the team, and he will either be OP or weak.
These changes are great. Both bastion and Sombra. I hope they just do these kinds of changes to all the hero rosters we have. Like I've been saying in the forums, for OW2 to succeed, they need to rework the game completely with the exact design philosophy they want for the game and stick to it to the end. Hopefully, the company shapes up and hopefully, this game redeems itself. OW1 atm is beyond lost to me.
And widow still can 1 tap any hero and doomfist has 50+ bugs
Without that hat, I would never know it was bastion!
WHAT IN TARNATION
IM SORRY WHAT HE CAN MOVE THIS SUCKS
Trash game
Bastion -> Viktor (paladins)
Artillery ult looks great
BASTION IS GOING TO BE FUN TO FIGHT AGAINST NOW!!!
bastion gonna be 1v1 sniper dueling hanzos and widow makers now AND destroying them it looks like
wait his cannon looks like a fkin ps5
im glad they didnt attach a gun to ganymede
ARTILLERY MODE  "Happy Bastion noise"
'Becky, you seeing this?" "He. Had. A. Hat." x3
Interesting. He definitely seems more versatile
kawaii
my lord, we finally can do something like the purple guys... amazing job here devs!
PvE events gonna hit different now
Bastion is gonna be like , "chu chu mfker"
BATION MAINS UNITE
These seem like really good changes to me
This is big. Bastion can now make minor adjustments in sentry mode while behind Reinhardt's shield.
Just glad bastion has a hat now.
at their current rate of progress, ow2 will be out in 2030
I am mixed. I'm not any good with the current ult, not sure about the new one. Movable turret mode, nice.
Shields: my day be so fine then boom moving bastion
Massimo's gonna have a field day
Overwatch: Bastion is getting a BIG rework for Overwatch 2. Also Overwatch: We gave him a hat...
I can’t tell if this is way worse or way better than of bastion, I’m kind of freaking out
My favorite robot is getting a upgrade
ARE YOU SERIOUS 1:22 ????? NOW HE CAN MOVE
Meme lord bastion mains, step up. Bastion is finally viable.
YeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSS
Wow the Overwatch team is dogshit now every single one of these design decisions is worse than the last.
Siege tank mode
the background music is too loud
i would have preferred them to change bastion into a tank role, and they wouldnt need to change him much at all
Cool so bastions AoE has a like 5 times the range of Symmetras AoE orbs yet unlike Symmetras AoE it actually does more than 20 damage. In other words they are giving Bastion a functional AoE while reworked Symmetra has had a nonfunctional AoE for almost four years now. It's pathetic how bad character design has been especially for Symmetra. What do you want to bet they won't even rework her again and leave her as the complete garbage she was nerfed into. She literally got reworked into a inferior state, broken abilities, then proceeded to have every ability in her kit nerfed by 20% or more. Let that sink in and understand why Symmetra playerbase hates Blizzard so much,
Surprised I'm not seeing more NERF BASTION memes. Guess 2014 was a loooooong time ago.
Honestly, like it but it’s so different they basically made a whole new hero. They destroyed the old bastion to make way for a new one I’m glad but sad
Calling it, he loses his hat in story mode and goes apeshit
Hey can you rework Blizzard while you're at it?
kinda little op but good rework
so basically they used viktors ult from paladins
Wow what an upgrade.
Torbjörn did a great job improving bastion
please hurry with OW2, you guys have neglected OW for long enough, so many players have dropped the game.
They gave him a noob tube
*What, no Auto-Repair!? NOOOOOOooooooo*
Looks pretty good. Honestly getting hyped for this game even though I haven't really played Overwatch in years.  This is probably an unpopular opinion but my hopes are still up that they remove some characters. There's so many heroes now and if they want to add even more it's just going to keep getting more complicated.
Dead game
Finally I can actually play bastion
I'm ok with this, but I hope they reduced his dmg while in sentry mode (pirate ship mode). That was the only problem with Bation in my opinon.
As a Bastion main, I have mixed feelings about this, on one hand looks technically balanced, and also fresh for Bastion, but on the other hand...RIP Rocket Jump
This looks so good, I'm excited to see his Sentry form with his old skin
Dunno if I'll like not being able to self heal..........but I'm willing to give it a shot
I'm gonna miss his self repair, I felt as though that with it healers wouldn't have to worry as much about bastions because of their self heal, oh well
Looks pretty cool. Nice job!
is the hat thing a joke or is the brain drain at blizzard real?
They took a unique and fun  idea for a hero and removed it, good job blizzard, couldnt leave well enough alone.
Ana gonna have a hard time with this ult
Nerf Bastion
Without self healing...😮‍💨i dont know, i pretty like healing..not ok as for me
I’m gonna take a bet, his tank mode will live on in story mode as an upgrade he can get to replace his sentry mode.
ooo
The artillery seems far too slow to be viable tbh
Waiting for the new characters rework or this would be a flop
Neat. :)
Spoiler: If you did not spam it, his recon gun always has no recoil. That is just a dumbed down rate of fire for something you could always do
"Something you'll all be excited about: while in Sentry form, Bastion can now move"  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
This is sickkkkkkk
I wonder what the rest of the characters reworks are going to be.
Umm... Yes of course I've been a bastion main... No you can't look at my hours
...Bastion now has a better version of Doom's ult. So...are they going to rework Doom completely or just not make him a playable character? Because if they completely rework him and his abilities to different things (I have no idea what they would be) would it still be the insanely fun but cc magnet fist of doom me and other people love? I know we know nothing about most heroes and their reworks but I'm very concerned for Doomfist since they are nerfing stun hard in Ow2 and stun counters doom. It makes me think they're either completely reworking doomfist or not adding him to the roster. I personally really want doom to still be the same as he is now but adjusting accordingly to Ow2's environment and a few buffs and nerfs here and there but if he's fully reworked...that's a few hundred hours completely wasted and even as pathetic as it sounds I might not buy ow2 if doom is fully reworked/removed from roster.
Neat stuff and all. But the devs who worked their asses off on this deserve more accountability from the executives who fostered a horrible workplace full of harassment.
dude what the heck why???
Is it just me, or does it seem that dps do less damage per second now? I saw the same with sombras rework video but I can’t really tell…
You just think 3 Meteor Strike is a good idea?
I'm sorry, did I hear "move while in sentry mode?"
He got a hat now.
i found this to be a little underwhelming, was i the only one that expected a complete rework?
Time to main bastion
He does not deserve that tank entrance intro since he doesn't have it anymore
Im afraid of the new bastion.
seems like dps is gonna be off the charts in this game loll
You know what, nice changes
This is not the bastion I fell in love with
Now how much damage will he be taking in his ult. I’m worried he’ll be a sitting duck in that.
Nice changes, good job looks fun :)
Police officer Bastion? Love it.
cash cow revival attempt
Gotta love the lazy reused highlight intro  from the first game at the end there
It looks like he play a lot more ranged now
Bring back Jeff
Did ow2 will be at ps4 ?
i hate bastion
W rework good job guys
When is overwatch two comin out
Let's all not forget that every other hero in the game is likely going to be receiving at least minor changes in-line with the ones we see here. No stone unturned, kind of deal. Also, flank Bastion has never looked stronger.
This is not a rework. It's a completely different character.
Why does the bird also not have a hat. The games not even our yet and its already unplayable
They ruined him rip 🪦
bastion has bouncy sticky bombs what
They really did it. They made Bastion look fun to play.
ok moving turret form, BUT, he had a THREE second TTK on Winston, the kill took so long at nearly point blank, and that's before you factor in the hitscan damage falloff
just realized that the DPS’ slightly increased movement speed buff also applies to his recon mode.👌
This is the best thing i've ever seen, also is no one gonna talk about how in his sentry mode he has infinite ammo
he looks like a dad at his son's baseball game. why did you give him a baseball cap? he's a robot, meant for war, not little league matches
A hat…. Take that off
Rip Og bastion mains
I havent really kept up with overwatch but this is great, cool rework, cool remodel.        Also the hat is dope.
The biggest buff was his hat
I was on board until you showed him moving in sentry form.
Huh. I don't hate it, but that's gonna take some getting used to for sure.
As an avid bastion main  and enjoyer i am VERY excited!!!!
Outstanding changes
bad game wont play <3
That was a great rework on bastion. Keeping hope alive for #2
There's no way that ult doesn't get nerfed by the time it comes out. If it can one shot then it'll no doubt be nerfed and it doesn't then it'll be too weak so as much as I like the idea, overall it's bad game design. Recon mode also seems like a watered down solider so really the only thing that got nailed here was the turret change
How does this game managed to make the characters less fun every rework?
😂😂😂😂 aaahhhhh so goood 😂😂😂😂😂
LETS GOOOO
Well this changed the outcome of one of my vids significantly
How fast will bastion sticky grenade get netted I wonder
omg a hat
I don’t know about this but HE HAS A HAT !!!!
That hat tho
Cant see any difference between ow1 and 2, just the same game with some minor model modifications... boring as before
Overwatch 2 brought to you by Blizzard, the only company that's got something in common with Bill Cosby.
Where bastionmain at?
infinite ammo in sentry mode ? great addition
"Yo what does this thing do- OH MY GOD IM PLANNING AN AIRSTRIKE"
so he just has a better doomfist ult lmao
Dead game
what's different from OW1 to OW2?   . . . . .. .  HAT.
I CAN'T WAIT TO PUT MY HANDS ON THIS GAME
So they replaced Jeff Kaplan w/… Jeff Kaplan?
All the original bastion mains happy af rn
boo
I miss jeff...
Pour one out for his current ult. The ultimate big projectile squishy killer. Get replaced by an even bigger projectile. Only three shot though and reminiscent of Doomfist too. Hope Doom gets rework too. Also, hope that Bastion’s new ult will be the size of a semi so we can shoot Pharah’s out of the sky.
Man RIP pirate payload but still love the rework
no stop he didnt need it bring jeff back this would have never happened with him
I do not care, just as long as he got the hat then it's all good.
I really don't like how vulnerable the artillery mode is going to leave you
no hubo Bastión Helicóptero, Toniki me engañaste unu
"We also gave him a hat"
I may disagree with a lot of things about OW in general, specially considering that I quit it nearly two years ago, but the fact that he has Torb's workshop hat is both adorable and an interesting progression to the lore. Looking forward for whether or not this game will revive the series.
So they took his assault hanfgun and turned it into a glorified WWI garand rifle
Gonna miss double turret teams with torb
Someone help me out, will these changes also come into overwatch 1 or is that just getting maps and other stuff but not these hero changes
TAHM Kench rework vibez
Are we not gonna talk about how bastion now gets 3 improved doomfist ults.
don't take my oppignon for granted, i haven't play the ow2 vertion. But from what i saw, i feel like bation lost his identity, he feel like victor from paladin
Bastion bots roll out
Now everyone and their moms want to be bastion mains, hilarious.
Much needed rework, can't wait till 2.
So they basically took the turret legs with the tank cannon, and the tank wheels with the turret cannon… cool. I’ll miss the self repair tho, that was a great ability, but I guess we’ll see what the bouncy grenade can do
Kinda hoped he got a passive.
OOOOOOOOOOH  This change can help him not be a cheese niche.
I cant wait to see the new sym
Interesting changes, let's see how this plays out
This secondary grenade is completely boring and uninspired. It's like they had no idea what to put there so they just rolled the dice on worms weapons and landed on sticky grenade - sort of
How long will the cool down last?
1:02 Zen/Ana mains getting *METEOR STRIKE* PTSD from seeing that Bastion ult.
Based off of Bastion's ult, Doomfist probably has a different ult as well. Can't wait for that video.
yay hats for everyone but seriously could you please give us the option to choose the old skin also? thank you! He's the ONLY reason I started to play OW.
Bruuuuuh
Great re-work. Good job moving the game away from turtle/pirate ship cheese.
These guys look like they have ripped like 30 cones before filming.
“…we also gave him a hat…” Idk why, but that made me laugh! XD
Why the hat tho
Well...with Bastion taking over the Meteor Strike thing, I wonder what they're going to do with Doomfist's Ultimate...
A lot of theses changes look great but I hate losing self repair. It takes away another character that could be a little more self reliant and not burdens healers.
IMPORTENT!!  1:17 windowmaker's butt
The bastion changes actually look really fun
*"2016 Vibes: Nerf Bastion"*  Blizzard: Well... it took a while but we did 👍
I can’t wait to be on my way to a health pack and just hear “ARTILLERY MODE ACTIVATED”            *BOOM*
I  actually have hope for this game again, good job devs
They should have given him wheels
This is cool and all but why a second game? Why not just implement this in OW?
As a Bastion main... I am in love. Genuinely. This is wonderful
AIR STRIKE INCOMING!!!!
I am scared. Ok this is ridiculous give me my old Bastion back.
Happy bastion main noises
Quizás solo sea yo pero estos cambios me parecen contradictorio su movimiento esta mejorando asiendo más independientemente pero que no se pueda recuperar su hp ase que necesita su equipo  Además el modo artillería me parece un poco aburrido comparado a el modo tanque con el modo tanque podes: matar enemigos blanditos, Saltar, Resistir daño enemigo y Es muy viable para prácticamente cualquier situación  El modo artillería:podes disparar al cielo y espera que golpees algo
Seems like Overwatch 2 will have some big changements. If every character gonna change like this, OW 2 gonna be a total new game.
Lame
Why does he so much HP with these changes?
Haven’t played OW in a hot minute, was a bastion main, seems exciting.
Ok... that is actually kinda fair now. Allows him to be a dps without having to camp or hold healers hands in a fun way.
"We slightly stylized the default skin of a character that can have any sort of decorative skins without affecting the gameplay whatsoever; we call that MODERNIZING". This developers team sucks, this is the kind of little details and poor choice of words that give away hints of poor management and upcoming disappointments. Mark my words.
Nice Recon nerf guys, because the game revolves around shooting targets that don't move while not moving, also while being amongst the biggest hitbox of non tank heros.
the new alt fire sounds similar to moira's orb change where iirc you have to aim your damage orb and it sticks to players (though the main difference is the lack explosion damage). it doesn't help that it visually looks a lot like her healing orb lol.
Finally, i can yell INCOMING ARTILLERY during a match
Finally some cool new stuff to see and get hyped for
He never gets a bold look.. Why? I still have some expectations
Torbjorn did our boy GOOD!
I feel like bastion has some of the most insane possibilities for PvE. Can’t wait
At least he can't self-heal anymore. That was just a bit too powerful.
No Disassemble! No Disassemble! No Disassemble!
Bastion Shoots  predator missiles now :p
Oh my gosh
Mans got scatter arrow lol
please give pharah a rework 😔
They might have to change the archive missions and the highlights and victory poses
Not gonna lie, this is garbage
Torbjörn should be able to heal him by hitting him :v
the hat and the alt fire seem cringe, but the other stuff seems way better, nice!  I really hope they change to ult to be like the lightning-strike from BO2, having to aim them like Doom ults is absolutely horrible
Man, I am gonna miss self-repair! But mobile turret mode is a nice touch!
Espero la versión subtitulada en el canal de Latinoamericana
A hat? 11/10
Interesting on how this will play
This game gonna be die when he will born
I’m a pharah main.. what are you doing to make aerial characters less punishing when playing up against hitscan and other heals besides mercy 🙃
agora e um personagem de  pessoas normais
Super fun Bastion, but then comes the new Sombra and ruins the party for everyone
“ oh he no longer has the sentry mode, he has sentry mode ON WEELS”  Ty overwatch 😑
Omg, so OP
New cinematic pls
So he fires 3 Doomfists
*bastion main has entered the chat *
now this man just shoots out three doom ults
2024 can't wait
I'm definitely becoming a Bastion main!
We are getting OW2 news???? It's been 83 years.....👵🏻
Am I the only one who feels like this is a bit against what made bastion unique? What I enjoyed about playing him was needing to balance recon and sentry. I could understand wanting to make him not totally stationary, but making sentry moveable at a slower pace seems like it acomplishes that by itself. The new ability and ultimate seem like just generic dps abilities that don't really reflect bastion as a character. It seems like a lot of these reworks are homogenizing what was a diverse roster.
please come back jeff they need you we need you overwatch needs you
Bastion became a transformer
bast gunna be meta af
So these changes are going to affect Overwatch 1 correct? Not a big fan of the changes and that makes me worried for Overwatch 1
Finally something!!!!
We eating tonight y’all 😭🤣
mid ladder menaces rn:
I really like the Ult, but aside from that, Im am not excited about these changes from one of my mains. Loved being able to repair when you found the time. Making sure to set up Turret in a good spot was key. If you wanted to pseudo snipe, you just dont hold down the fire button and shoot every second or so. Personally i do not like this rework. His new alternate doesnt feel like it belongs, regardless if its powerful or not
Unlike Sombra, the changes to Bastion actually look balanced and good
The question now is... Can Genji deflect artillery?
His Transformer highlight intro doesn't feel right anymore 😔
Just awful. Wow this game is totally doomed.
The new sentry mode looks nice, having mobility makes him less reliant on a team building around him, and it looks like he does less damage to compensate and keep it fair. Giving it a cooldown is also nice so you can't just sentry all the time and have to use it with a purpose, can't wait to see how it plays out!
Bastions ult looks terrible tbh
Still going to be dead at launch
Where's Pharah my guys?
FINALLY WE CAN MOVE WHILE SENTRY
that looks a lot of fun and like its gonna make him much more of a mobile off tank. especially in combo with orisa, the orbs are gonna open so many plays!
Is he still annoying tho?
Overwatch 2: we've added a hat.  Great job guys, even more pathetic than I expected.
Now rework spammer hero junkrat 😐
A hat? Buff Confirmed!
Thank God he got the hat...
I'M THE #1 BASTION MAIN IN OVERWATCH 2!
Best part of Bastions rework is his new hat!
Overwatch now has Viktor’s ultimate. We’ve come full circle.
The rework, in a *new* game, with all the same recycled animations. Lol
My heart dropped when i saw him moving in turret mode, but my faith in humanity was restored when I heard "cooldown"
Zylbrad need to see this
Ok these changes r better way better I like it
anybody remember when they thought that they would give bastion a SHIELD
I’m gonna miss being able to rocket jump but overall I like this
They are sooooooo nerfing this.
looks fun. at first glance, this is a great direction for bastion to move in (pun intended). stationary turret characters are just impossible to balance
finally we got the best bastion rework
Snipers are about to have an aneurysm and I’m here for it.
You just think 3 Meteor Strike is a good idea?
2 character reworks in 5 years??? Slow down blizzard u might hurt urself!
Don't like his new gun kinda weird
I don't see why he cant have self repair and the new explosive projectile. He was always missing an ability for his E. That and the new design still has his left arm split so he can open his arm and reveal the repair tool. This change makes me a bit disappointed because i always like to keep my health bar topped off and self repair allowed me to be a bit more independent and less reliant on healers. I will always miss tank mode and the sick air shots and rocket jumps. That and the cool down on sentry mode seems really restrictive being probably only 8-10 seconds. This is not even mentioning how artillery mode makes you a sitting duck. Overall I'm a bit disappointed. One change that I would like would be to have a first in overwatch history (edit: except I forgot sym lol) and would make a lot of sense for the transformer robot of a character would be to have the choice of 2 Ults one tank mode the other artillery. They would use the same ult meter obviously and have different ult cries.
I like the mix of his previous forms now being half and half.  Artillery is his turrent's legs and tank's cannon and his Sentry has Tank's wheels and his turrent.
Dang that looks OP AF.
Rip recon smg, it was fun
cooldown in turret form? like it takes more than 2 seconds to shred a rein shield and rein himself, this gotta be a joke
Personally I'm not a fan of this rework i enjoy the flank ult into cheeky spots to turret mode and the better soldier 76 in recon mode
I think the rework is pretty interesting here. The only bit I'm concerned about is his ultimate, depending on the player and match, I'll bet this can be used for spawn kills or objective camping. But I'd say the rework gives Bastion more strategy, as opposed to the wild firing he has currently.
Isn't bastion a she? I remember some of the developers during the early days refer to bastion as a she.  I could be mistaken.
Alright I'm down I like it, fire in the hole!!!!!
1:19 Thanks for dat
I LOVE this rework. This is gonna be fun 😈😈😈
Bastionmain is creaming
They changed the two most bullshit frustrating hero finally!! Thx ! Hopefully they do something with junk and reaper no skill bs ult!!
Bastion is gonna be less annoying and a lot more fun 😍
His original ult was way more fun to play with. This new ult he has is literally a cod killstreak 😂
They are only making him stronger lol
a HAT! YES!!!!
mfs were on crack doing these reworks
I like that part about the hat
Ma boy got a hat, wheelies on sentry mode, a bouncy ball that explodes AND AN ARTILLERY MODE! AND LETS NOT FORGET ABOUT THE NO SPREAD PSEUDO-SNIPER GUN. I am a Bastion main now ask me anything!
im gonna miss the self heal but the mobility in sentry makes up for it. good job devs!
I hope its possible to deflect his ult with genji so its kinda like a return to sender situation
MEET SHEILA, oops, wrong game
BASTION MAINS RISE UP
I've main bastion since May of 2016 I'm ok with 3/4 changes  The put will he how I used tank anyway Sentry is cool but won't let me lock down key areas anymore  Recon is now a DMR from the ORGINAL being a SMG and current being a AR But y'all giving him a PLASMA GRENEDE OVER SELF HEALING IS A WASTE the self repair was to compensate fore his huge outbox so could it be his knew passive? Like mercy self heal?
As a bastion main I approve👍🏽👍🏽
Let's just hope they remove Hanzo
This gotta be an early April fools joke man
TANK BASTION GETS TO LIVE! I'm glad they found a way to keep that form in game
this is an amazing change thank you on the overwatch team...NOW BUFF SOLDIER TO INSANITY :)))))))))))
So when do we get the news about Overwatch Classic? The original game before all the added heroes and changes was just fine.
"We also gave him a hat to make him stand out"  Oh yeah, because a big robot with a mini-gun doesn't stand out enough...
As a bastion main I must say I am very pleased with the developers of how they changed him
I’m not sure about his ult, it’s went from super high potential skill shot ult to click on a map and murder people with no threat to yourself, everything else seems good but this new ult feels like a step backwards
But when the game coming out?
That hat tho... makes all the difference lmao 😆
He look so fun to play now
Omg he’s so different now 💀💀
me likeeee
Justice reigns from above. But Artillery strikes rain higher
His new ult seems useless... Unless you combo with grav I guess
That's an actual rework
bastionmain where you at?
Can't wait to try these new changes in 2029
Grav + a triple artillery strike is gonna be some fun
I love this
아 그니까 출시를해라고 ㅅㅂ 자꾸 이런거 있다하지말고 어짜피 출시를 안하면 못하는데 답답하다 진짜
My idea for his rework was to switch tank and turret mode with each other. Ulti would be 8-10 seconds turret mode that melts everyone and tank mode would be a regular skill and a way to deal short range aoe damage (while sentry would be the long range single target mode)
Everything looks good and amazing. Really am excited to play this new Bastion.  Just that the hat makes 0 sense. Lore wise... and character wise.
Me: Just respawned and ready to go back to the fight Bastion: *Ults on other side of map* I don't think so pal
I’m glad that they nerfed him, he feels a bit overpowered in the current game.
The fact that Bastion will require more precision is a vast improvement.
There's the overwatch 2 info drop distraction
So you swapped his turret and tank abilities motion. Simple yet effective change.
GOOD JOB TEAM
Looks insanely fun to play. Nice work devs.
He needed this so bad. The stationary nature of his kit made him too dependent on his team defending him for him to be effective. Good changes.
Great, then smurfs can artillery ult you from wherever they want.
"we reworked bastion by giving him a hat"
Ya his new abilities are amazing but tbis means huge nerfs will be needed to balance him
well i'm unsubbing they destory my favorite character and ov2 looks aweful.  goodnight everyone
Anyone else thinks the new ultimate will not work? I mean if ow2 plays at a even faster pace, is it useful to  select static objects to shoot? When you're constantly moving? I don't know... Time Will tell.
I wear a hat all the time and no one notices.
So they made my main Sombra even more perfect than she already was but ruined Bastion's turret aka his best feature? Cmon.
I don't even play Bastion but it sounds like he'll be so much fun to play
Good changes, liking what they are doing :)
Thank God
im a bastion main now
That ultimate is a little broken
So he's no longer defense but offense now? I like that
I’m really pissed they got rid off the self heal. I really relied on that some times. And the moving sentry is cool but the cooldown is not at all
Overwatch is so garbage it used to be addictive it's not anymore 😂
Good rework, it seems like Bastion is going to be picked up more often and not just when the enemy team is pushing the payload at your nose
YYYYEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!
At least now less people will complain about Bastion being too stationary, also it’s funny how he’s pretty much stole Doomfist’s ult.
With Sombra they mostly just tweaked her existing abilities.  Bastion is getting a REAL rework!  I'm curious to try this one out.
Artillery is going to be beyond useless; basically every character has more than enough mobility to dodge it, and utterly slaughter the Bastion. The only use I see it having is knowing where the enemy is, making it just a shittier Widow ult.
Trash company
no more potg 🤣 well just less often
Rip self heal and tank 😥
I like it but i dont
So does the artillery mode need to be used outside/with no roof? Lol
You could just delete him from the game. Just putting that out there.
haven't played this thing in like 2 years... but this got me hyped!!
i love it lol
This game is going to bomb - change my mind.
The new updates make me hopeful overwatch 2 is coming soon
Ne-e-erf bastion
Hat
Hat is op.
It would be cool if we could still access his old abilities like self heal and tank in the workshop. The changes look super cool
WELP GOODBYE OVERWATCH 2
Why aren’t they putting this in overwatch 1?
it looks op af
Cancer game spreading more cancer
Nice not just OP in damage and can move fun.....
This Kills the Bastion
This is really cool :) finally bastion isn’t a joke and will actually be viable
Trash Hero and always Will be :3
Keep mccree's name
Do this to all the characters
*INFINITE SENTRY AMMO + MOBILE  SENTRY MODE + ARTILLERY MODE* Has science gone to far?!
Now this is a fun rework.
Sniping a Pharah with that ult is gonna be every Bastion main's wet dream for awhile.
THEY DID MY BOY SO GOOD, NOW I CAN PLAY HIM WITHOUT BEING CALLED SLURS!!!
good~~
Well they did it boys they nerfed bastion
I'm going to scream when I see a turret bastion going around the corner
Looks very fun tbh
Sentry being limited makes me happy since we don’t have to worry about bastion camps anymore
Any Ult that takes you out of the action is poor game design
finally nerffed thx god
bastion can actually be good, imagine ulting as bastion and using all three shots on a poor ana that can do anything but suffer :D
I actually really like this m. As a Rein main Bastion was a huge counter sitting and one spot and just destroying my shield. Now bastion a lot more versatile and more fun to fight.
The new bastion looks awesome
Really looking forward to playing Bastion!
So alt-fire is a sticky junket bomb and his ult is a 3-shot doomfist ripoff that stands and immobilizes you for the duration?  And he lost self-repair and tank mode for this? Can't wait to see how you butcher Orisa.
His alt is basically a good version of Meteor strike
as a bastion main, all i can say is: "DWEE DWEE DWEE!"
Even more op, cant wait to see how many counters they put in play, love how the realesed the sombra rework right next to the bastions as well, also they gave bastion armor and kept the 300 hp which is something they didn't mention
Now he won’t be overpowered asf in many scenarios, good
YES LETSSSSSS GOOOOOOOOOOOO BASTION TOP TIER
They really just made his ultimate "Doomfist, but multiple"
hopefully Bastion will still be able to hop in tank mode like he currently can by shooting the ground.
Oh einer der ersten
Bastion moving in sentry mode is totally balanced lmao...
Why not give bird a hat?
Bastion honestly looks fun. Never thought I'd ever say that.
i predict chipsa getting directly hit in the sky after punching somewhere randomly
Bastion mains: 📈
I really wish they'd stop reworking heroes.  This isn't even Bastion anymore, just make a new character.
Finally no more bastion campers with self heal and sentry
Oh boI
The ult damage being 300 is too op, should be 150 as there are 3 projectiles. I really like the idea though, and this new bastion will probably add a lot of mobility to low-ranked games.
RIP JEFF from overwatch
that ult doesnt sound good, will miss tank form dearly
Didnt hear a word of anything outside him losing infinite turret, my PTSD has been cured
They did my boy good
everyone: blizzard please fix overwatch, it's a hellhole in there  Blizzard: HEY GUYS BASTION'S GOT A NEW HAT
Now Btc can finally say Bastion is good
I think I can't get behind this. Doesn't seem like he can be stationed in one place anymore. *cough* Bastion Sentry Campers
He gets 3 Doomfist ults as his new ultimate, LOL
Cooldown mobile Turret is exactly what BTC was thinking about. Does Blizzard listen?!
I was NOT expecting that, but these changes are great. I hope you will explain why his Null-sector skin no longer has a "tank" form tho.
As someone who looks for game balance this does seem a lil overboard.I mean if you think about it his list is basically new and it does force people to change their play style.Anpther thing is that the sentry turret moving is gonna trigger ptsd.
I'm taking ow1 will be dead then, right?
They really want to let us know that he has a hat
okay wait i dont hate this
Yeah but what kind of damage does his hat do
LFG
I like the Bastion in Overwatch 1 more... The cooldown thing really messes with what I thought was fun about Bastion. I liked switching between modes frequently.
Still no E - but super cool rework nonetheless!!
DUDE OMFG !!!
Pog actually looks great ngl
Yo
This rework is a huge WELL DONE JOB AND a W BUTTON!! CONGRATS!!!
I like it a lot.
No self heal: *Sad noises* Moving Sentry mode: *happy noises*
bazzztion
I can't wait to get swore at in overwatch 2 while flanking as bastion ;D
Ah yes give the OP turret wheels and grenades
YESSS FINALLY IM NOT JUDGED BY BEING A BASTION MAIN ANYMORE
Overwatch. You have given me too much power 😈
I hate his secondary fire but other then that amazing character change.
So he swapped guns with his sentry and tank mode, sounds like something I can work with.
My boi looking good im not completely fan of chance ultimate or delete hes healing ability at all but I give it chance just pls make sure he cant get kill before he accually can use ultimate as issue in ow 1 was that transforming taked way too long so he was easy target
O yeah we made him move now "YOU WHAT"
Now this is a more interesting change. Albeit not super duper revolutionary, but it is different. I do like that his "docked" mode isn't docked anymore and has a time limit. That means he can't necessarily sit on an objective anymore and be a total game wrecker if you have good tanks.
Bastion’s new ultimate: “ENEMY AC-130 ABOVE!!!”
I've played world of tanks before and I'm REALLY scared of that new artillery mode.
Lightning Strike Ult
When they say nerf bastion  But blizzard said: It's rework time
Yes I'm excited
okay so he’s more fun but if u play sweaty he’s more broken. great.
Torb totally gave him that hat
Bastion is actually going to be good for what it looks like. The new ult really feels like something unique. Well done devs!
Bastion is going to be a literal death machine now that he can move while in sentry form
What about hanzo in ow2? 😔
Bro
Bastionmain are you happy ?
So badass can’t wait to try him out
Honestly meh, but why not
HE'S GOT A NEW HAT!
The hat guys the hat !
oh dear god no
This looks way more fun to play as AND against
So he's basically OP now
DAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
His rework's so great! Good job!
Give him his shield back and we're done ^^
Actually seems a lot more fun, great changes.
YOOOOO MY MAIN
Jesus Christ...
WTF
LMAO WHAT IS GOING ON 😭😭
Oh boy, imagine if they gave him that OP self-barrier back
How many videos are coming out?
E
Bustion 2
Bastionmain, what do u have to Say about this ?
Etesech
second
He got bombshell
Second
