Man, Britain knew 200 years ago that Oregon would be a demtard cespool.
Britain, please take back Oregon and Washington State. Signed: American Patriots
Portland? 😂
Your explanations are clear, engaging, and incredibly informative. Thank you for making history easy to understand and fun to learn!
No one remembers “54.40 or fight”.  The way I learned it was the USA demanded the land be set at that latitude, and backed down to 49 after threatening accordingly.
2:05 mustard 😂😂😂😂😂🎉🎉🎉😂😂🎉😮😮🎉😮🎉🎉🎉🎉😂🎉🎉🎉 ts 😂 so tuff 🎉🎉🎉😂😂🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤😂😂😂😂❤😂😂😂😂
1:38 the way he says “people” makes me laugh
As someone who was born in Oregon. I find this interesting
If only they had resolved areas like Point Roberts and the place in Manitoba. These exclaves that require traveling through Canada to get to. It's really screwed over the US residents that live there now during this time of high tariffs and bad blood between us.
Nice touch with the White House on fire.
Britain couldn't control it, the railroad to BC hadn't even been contructed by then and it would've been too expensive to bother.
I'm pretty sure the American government had little to do with the settlers moving into the Oregon territory. The land hunger of American settlers is well known.
54’40 or fight!
As an Oregonian I am glad the US got my state, because I like being able to post memes without getting arrested.
Please take Oregon back. We are sorry.
Why did Britain give up Oregon?  Because they knew Portland would be filled with far left lunatics.
Now I know who named the Columbia River.  The floating of the Montana glacier released the glacier-melt water that carved out the Columbia gorge and deposited all that radon in the west hills of Portland.  There is molten rock just a mile below the earth's surface in the Yellowstone area.  Fascinating area for earth science buffs.  Springs so hot you cook to death in seconds if you fall in.  The stench of sulfer.  Bears and moose, too.  And bison.
For the same reason everyone else has given up on Oregon.
You didn't mention the pig war, the US and Great Britain nearly went to war (1859) over a pig belonging to an Irishman on San Jaun island killed by an American on the same Island. It was silly really but did lead to the eventual agreement of the final border dispute between the two countries through the San Jaun Islands and Vancouver Island.
Spain is not in South America.
The US government wanted a place where it was ok to wear socks with your sandals 🤭
Washington: we’re cool too guys! *puffs on a blunt without inhaling* EUUUGHHH COUGH COUGH  Oregon: ok fed *smokes enough weed to become legally disabled*
They knew what unbearable liberal twatwaffles they would be someday and gave it up rather than "Keep Portland Weird".
Can we give it back?
As someone who lives on Oregon.. A ) thank you for the video! and B ) thank you for Orygun 🙂
maybe the time has come to give it back - Oregon and Britain deserve each other :) :) :)
I wouldn’t GIVE FUNDRAISERS FROM OREGON EVEN A CENT OF MY HELP. They as a State are a BIG FAT DISGRACE. And they only care about bad people & never good people.
So this is why I have a British Accent
There was a also a vote held in champoeg oregon
Britain didnt know for sure that the U.S. would actually go to war, but logistically, there was no way Britain could have fought such a war.  That is a Long way to transport troops, weapons and supplies.
Canada has been used as a proxy war against The USA SINCE 1776.  They have really ramped it up the last 10 years and the real Canadians are now also under assault
But it wasn't done and done. Thirteen years later, the Pig War of San Juan Island erupted. The Royal Navy sent warships, the United States Army sent troops, and there was a faceoff that lasted another twelve years until German Emperor Wilhelm I and his three-man arbitration commission ruled that San Juan Island should be ceded to the United States, establishing Haro Strait as the international boundary instead of Rosario Strait. Both nations withdrew their troops. There were no casualties, except for the pig.
I enjoy these videos, but everything whizzes by so fast that I have to keep rewinding and watching parts of it over and over again to give it a chance to sink in. Interesting history to learn though!
None of this is taught in our public schools!   It should be though.
Make Oregon British again. (MOBA)
54° 40 or Fight!
Why did Britain give up Oregon?  Because they knew traffic on I-5 would eventually be very, very bad.
BC, Washington, Oregon, and Idaho should have been its own country.
They decided to leave because my relative came to Fort Vancouver in 1845 with a guy named Ulysses S Grant
Now it's just neglected. I hope another country lands on Oregon shore, and does something productive.
54-40 or fight!
They knew what Portland would turn into in 2025.
Can they take us back?
They knew I would live in Oregon and I would've kicked England's ass.
I guess we need to keep shipping food to Britain lest they want the land back. If Russia makes a claim, we’ll ship them something else. 🕷️
Answer: they saw the future, and thought, "Aw, HELL no!"
maybe they had a crystal ball that let them see how much of a shit hole it's become.
Because even Britain didn’t want Portland
They didn’t, we took that shit
as a Canadian who knows his province (BC) very well, and has made a point of studying about the Alaska and Oregon and San Juans disputes VERY DEEPLY, I have to take umbrage at your ""short and simple animated history" as being an insulting piece of C**P...   for one thing if the treaty had reached London a week or two before the treaty of Washington arrived , Peel's predecessor was ready to go to war;  You may have been the "victors" but that DOESN'T make your version of our mutual history CORRECT.. it's just more myth-spinning by country built on lies .. and aggression.
Given the way they are doing today who the hell would want them.
Britain couldn't stand Oregonians, so they got rid of them.
The US white supremacist Empire wanting to continue the genocide and ethnic cleansing of Natives to steal their land. Really irresponsible to leave that out.
because weed.
This does kind of iron out the way many Canadians were perfectly willing to go to war over this, so conceding the entire British Columbia territory wouldn't have just cost Peel in the UK but had a small but non-zero risk of triggering another revolt in BNA.
You forgot that all of Western Montana west of the Continental Divide was also Oregon/Columbia territory until Copper King Marcus Daly paid off surveyors to divert from the Continental Divide to the Bitterroot Range to move this area into Montana.
The only thing missing here is that the introduction of steam power to warships in the 1840s made it so that douglas-fir trunks were no longer the strategic resource (for masts) that they previously were, so Britain valued the southern territory less.
No. No. No. Britain discovered that Oregon has Doug-fir for trees which are unsuitable for building ships. Thus, of no value to the British navy.
I've lived in SW Washington all my life and this area was called the Oregon Territory, thank you.
And along came "The Pig War." ... Hey! Germany! You busy?
The Americans weren't too interested in British Columbia? The Gold Rush in BC changed everyone's minds.
But I still remember from some public school history class the slogan "46-40 or fight" being the 46 degree 40 second parallel which some in the US wanted the border to be set at.  May have been a presidential campaign slogan or such.
Be kinda nice to be part of Canada right now.
2:46, looked it up. The Irish says "this is your life, my lady." So says Google translate. In case anyone is wondering.
Because it was apart of the us
You pronounced Oregon correctly. Well done!👍
Our hemisphere our land our peopl
Simple, excellent presentation!  Thank You.    Cheers everyone.
Check out the Monticello convention.
I DON'T KNOW . WHY ON EARTH DID THEY ??
They didn't control it to begin with.
No interest in Russian America lol😅
They didn’t. They call it British Columbia. 😆
Washington state wanted to be called the state of Columbia but that name was rejected because it was too confusing to the East coast men with the District of Columbia.
'cause the British were not that stupid to fight over what they didn't really need?
Dude im so glad were not part of canada, good lord what a poor excuse for a “free” country lmao
Shouldn't the question be why the USA gave up British Columbia and Vancouver Island?   You frame the Partition of Oregon as a defeat for Britain and a win for the USA, when it was probably actually the opposite, especially after James Knox Polk had campaigned on "54°40' or fight!"
America asked and Britain gave in? Sorry I was expecting information on the transfer of Oregon. Not the recent agreement between Trump and Starmer. Go back and do it again
Because people want to play Oregon trail not British Columbia trail
Be nice if the independence of Western Canada goes as smoothly.
Polk ran on taking ALL of the disputed land and his campaign moto was 54 40 or fight. (54 40 was the northern most boundary).  It is also a historical fact that British spies sabotaged the peace talks between the US and Mexico that broke down and lead to the Mexican American war.  The reason the British wanted this is so that they could avoid war with the USA who were their #1 trading partner.  US supplied about 80% of Britain’s cotton imports in the mid-19th century, so a war with the USA before a single shot was fired would have been an economic disaster for the UK.  The revenue from all of Western Canada was worth less than 0.1% the value of the trade between the US and UK.
You have this backwards the areas of West Canada were dual claimed by the US and great Britain which is why they wanted the parallel 2 above what it is now.
Krakow. Still more important than the Corn Law. The “Austrians” were living in their heads rent free.
There is a gulf of difference between making a claim...." this is mine " and backing that claim up when contested.  I always figured they didn't think it was worth a fight.
"Russia and Spain didn't press their claims for very long, which left only the British..."  [Americans:]  We're here too. 1:05
UK can have Oregon back.
3:19 A little later they bought Russian America❤❤❤
Don't forget the pig war
The Americans keep coming and they don't stop coming. Hopped on their wagon and they hit the ground running. Didn't make sense to keep sharing Oregon, when they outnumbered the Brits more than 6 to 1.
I wouldn't say the British got nothing. In exchange for giving up their claim to Oregon, America gave up its claim to British Columbia and Vancouver Island.
Alaska would be useless until Todd Howard came along 😂
I think you mean, why did America give up BC?
A cool follow up to this video could be “Why does Point Robert’s exist”
This is a great reminder that we need a video on the Pig War
We should have demanded all of it
Bruh
Now I get it
Please take it back. Sign USA
Appreciate how engaging this is but theres some over simplification going on. War of 1812 the US abanded the Columbia and it was run by the NWC and later HBC when they merged. In fact, what his maps show as 'British' isnt accurate. Most of Canada was run by a corporate state, HBC or NWC and not the goverment of Britain. Ruperts land wasnt sold to Canada (ie Britain) until 1870, which is way after this short film and the Oregon treaty. Its like claiming Alaska was American before it was sold to the US....
So sad that you didn't mention the Pig War on San Juan Island in 1859.  Who owned which islands between Vancouver Island and mainland Washington state was still debatable after the treaty.
As an Oregonian.. I ask myself this all the time
Huh. Didn't even know they owned Oregon.
Biggest mistake
USA is literally living one of the "what if everything went perfect for.." series  It was beyond my understanding (and still is no matter the explanations) how and why the Europeans just gave up so much lands for a few bucks to the states.  I get it that they didnt seem like a serious thread at first but obviously that could have changed.  And the more they sold the more it was clear..  Then they kept selling because they were already too dangerous or their economy was too important to piss them sheeeesh   Its really weird
President James K. Polk is a very slept on president he was responsible for adding what would later be Arizona, Utah, Nevada, California, Oregon, Idaho, Washington, much of New Mexico, and portions of Wyoming, Montana, and Colorado, also the annexation of Texas in 1845. Presidents Polk is also the only US President to accomplish every single promise he made to the American people while campaigning for president. For example, Re-establish the Independent Treasury System, reduce tariffs, Aquire some or all of Oregon Country, and Get California and New Mexico from Mexico. It’s also worth noting that he promised to only serve and get all of that down in just 1 term in which he did!!! He is honestly my favorite president for that alone. No other president before or after has accomplished as much as he did in as little time as he did it in , or just simple keep all their promises
The U.S.A sending lots of their citizens to the territory was something the British simple couldn’t do or afford. All we had to do was travel over land while the British had to travel through several oceans to reach the west coast since the Northwest passage wasn’t traveled through until after 1905.
We SHOULD have taken all of Columbia. Then we would have had a contiguous land from Alaska on down after 1867.
Tip: Change the playback speed to 3/4 time so this video is understandable. He speaks way too fast.
The real reason they gave over the territory was to fix the border gore
The British are still here and our quality of life haven't improved at all. I believe there needs to be a civil war here again.  В вымышленном мире, где разворачиваются события, начинается гражданская война. Причины конфликта могут быть разнообразными: политические, социальные, религиозные или территориальные споры.    Одна сторона конфликта представлена правительством или армией, которая защищает установленный порядок. Другая сторона — это повстанцы или оппозиция, которая выступает против существующего режима.    В ходе гражданской войны происходят боевые действия, столкновения между сторонами конфликта. Население страдает от разрушений, потери близких, экономических трудностей.    В результате гражданской войны может произойти смена власти, изменение политического строя, разделение территории или установление перемирия.    Важно отметить, что гражданская война — это трагическое событие, которое приводит к многочисленным жертвам и разрушениям. Она требует усилий для восстановления мира и стабильности в стране.  Automatically translated to explain my comment better.
0:34 I didn't realize it was originally a Village People song instead of the Pet Shop Boys
❤😊
I just happened to watch the “Why Does Denmark Own Greenland” video right before this one and he made the exact same Village People reference when he mentioned people going West lol
america started a war with mexico and took a lot of land. so they would of done the same over oregon. napolean was smart he got 15 million when he sold the louisiana purchase.
NUTKA IS STILL OURS
Oregon is a very beautiful state so ask somebody from the bay area or wine country specifically so in Northern California it only takes about 5 to 6 hours to drive up to Oregon and it's just such a nice trip. Oregon being part of the US makes it possible.
Little known fact, according to this post: Russian America's southern border was consistent with a major portion of what would later become the southern border of the U.S. State of Washington. Even more ironic: the image height of the Red portion of the partial Russian flag, in the background of Russian America, in this post, is the same as what the image height of the State of Washington would be, on the scale of this screenshot.
An Oregon story that ends with a bit of foreshadowing, how fitting.
Funny that after this a "war" started because of the death of a pig in a disputed island
Since Spain and Russia claimed the land, that was already a cause for problems, even if the Americans and the British didn't share the land and each have a different name for the territory.
Britain wanted to ensure the creation of Gravity Falls, simply as
Wasn't this the one that they had the slogan 43 - 50 or fight
I wish the United States never gave up that territory.  It would make life so much easier for the world.  Canada and especially B.C. is a shithole.
Because Oregon is the New jersey of the West.
Fundamentally, two rival British Empires - one land started by independent Brits - coming up against each other and negotiating rather than face the prospect of yet another American invasion of Canada. The British hoped also that the Americans would help them in their fight against world slavery by taking part in the suppression of the Transatlantic slave trade.  That's what the British hoped they would get out of ceding some of the Oregon territory, but they were disappointed. See Webster-Ashburton Agreement in 1842, and the later more defined Lyons- Seward Treaty of 1862.
the tea drinkers gave oregon away for free because they visited a fortune teller who recommended it, as it ensured that the USA would be stuck with portland. It is called playing the long game.
Wow, so if the U.S. had sent in enough Americans throughout the territory, the British would have handed it ALL over to the U.S.
If Alaska were already a U.S. territory at the time that Great Britain ceded the land to the U.S., perhaps the U.S. would have indeed pushed the border north to connect both borders.
It's a damn good thing we didn't have nukes back then.😅
"...which left only the British, who in 1846, agreed to cede these lands to the United States..." Sounding so willingly without hesitation, as if they not only were grateful to be in total control of it, but also so willing to split it with the United States as a gift.
Thanks James K. Polk for pursuing to take the entire territory.
2:22 of course britain would fight for a rock
1:40  The Americans outnumbered the British by 6:1
Why did Britain give up Oregon? Because they lost their oxen while trying to ford the river, and their kids all got cholera.
The deal was nine million dollars in gold dust not a speck of dust of which left the US the money was spent on food and shipping the food to Ireland and people out.
54 - 40 or fight!  And technically, the part of Minnesota that protrudes towards Canada (northernmost Lake of the Woods County), it was supposed to go to Canada (as part of this same story), but someone drew the map wrong, based on bad info about which direction the river, there, flowed, and so that's why it's part of Minnesota.
So they handed the land over to the U.S. because they worried that the U.S. wouldn't take 'no' for an answer and would instead go to war for the land. So the British took no risks and gave the land to the U.S. and for free. Well then Great Britain could have tried to trick the U.S. by first offering to sell the land to the U.S. as a ruse to test the U.S.'s response. If Great Britain was right that the U.S. would go to war for the land, the U.S. certainly would not accept any such offer; the U.S. would have responded by demanding the land unconditionally. On the other hand, if the U.S. would have agreed to such a deal, certainly that fairness by the U.S. would raise serious doubt that the U.S. would go to war rather than take 'no' for an answer. Then the British could have cancelled the offer and NEVER offer the land to the U.S. ANYHOW.
I learned more about how Oregon became part of US territory in these three and a half minutes than I did in four years of History classes in public education and one monthlong segment in 4th grade about Oregon.
Oregon mentioned!🗣️🔥🗣️🔥🗣️🔥
Vancouver Island was given to Britain by the Germans after the Treaty of Washington, 1871.  In the treaty, both sides agreed never to go to war but submit intractible problems to arbitration.  It was the first such treaty of its kind.  PM Gladstone realized after the Union prevailed in the  Civil War  that the US could become a formidable foe that could tip the balance of any war Britain found itself in.  Worse, the former Confederates had become hostile to Britain, feeling they'd been led down the garden path by private assurances of recognition.  The US wanted Vancouver Island badly because it controls access to the great harbors of the Pacific Northwest.  The Germans compromised by giving Britain the one large island and giving the US all the small ones.  In earlier attempts to settle the border question, the British had always kicked the issue down the road, saying it would be settled in the future by population.  The Homestead Act gave the US a huge advantage in that race.  The Alaska border issue would be settled in 1898-1906 without arbitration by a similar process of half a loaf to each side with Americans gaining the right to mine the Klondike gold fields so long as they paid a 20% tax to Canada.  Britain wanted US support in the Boer War and was impressed by the American victory against Spain.
1941st, 14 June 2024
Now we know why so many of our ancestors died of dysentery on the Oregon Trail.
Why did Britain give up Kelly moneymaker?
Because it was foretold that Portland would be the biggest hole this side of Pakistan.
If you’ve ever been to Oregon you’ll know why…
There was only a tiny population of white settlers north of the Columbia River  - those people everyone mentions here were moving into regions south of this.  The British Navy moved thier headquarters to southern Vancouver Island to reinforce the British position that the whole of Vancouver Island should be British, including the 1/4th of the island below the 49th parallel.  When the border was settled, the Hudson's Bay Company,  under the Puget Sound Agricultural Company, was created to feed HBC employees in Vancouver, Washington, and it moved north to Victoria BC on Vancouver Island.  The schoolhouse still exists on the Gorge in Victoria - bottom floor for students, top floor for the teachers.  Finally, had the British gotten a good part of Puget Sound in the Seattle area - there is a good probability that British Columbia would have ended up as part of the US.  Folks there were quite split on the choice as it was, but Canada paid off the depts of BC and built a railway.  Had Puget Sound been part of BC at the time, there would have been good agricultural areas and perhaps a less in debt place and less likely to become part of Canada.  So the final boundary was good for Canada in the longer run.
"Welcome to Vancouver Island...Home to not Vancouver" -- Great Sign.
Thr joys of BS colonialism.  Not a word about the people who rightfully belong on the land
The other problem for Britain that was alluded to, was the fact that the territory was overwhelming populated by Americans. Taking complete control of this land would inevitably lead to war.
0:18 “for nothing” What happened to British Columbi
2:42 first time learning the corn laws are a thing
and in return, the United States invented Grunge.
It was the weather. Definitely the crappy weather. Or the bigfoot, jury's still out on that one.
And, again, no mention of the indigenous, First Nations people
3:19 ha hmm do we have 49 states or 50
Dodged a lot of modern day junkies, good call, uk!
I long for the day Cascadia/Salish territory is whole again
0:03 this map gave me whiplash
In short it was either give it up  or watch the United States take the entire Pacific Coast.
Bit of a Hobson's Choice there. "Take the offer or risk losing it all".
talk faster
Because James bisonette paid them to give it to the usa
Love the sarcasm at the end. Great one 😂  3:15
Interesting version of Oregon history. 🤔
"But the Americans keep coming and they dont stop coming. Hopped in thier wagons and they hit the ground running. Didint make sence to keep sharing Oregon, when they out numbered the brits more than 6 to 1!"
A corporation can't own property they have no standing in the sapream courts only a man and woman can own property legally origin of title it's not even your house and car's and trucks and other property because they tricked you into having them the right to maintain your own property when you register the property and Rights to the fictional system that is a lot of fraud in the system that's is a private corporation this is why in the 1938 the government said you can't question the government they have been hiding it all from the Americas because they created the school system and the birth certificate bond and certificate of live birth and SS number do your dudilagence and understand the great fire of England in 1666 they had to find out the names of the children that lost their parents and they have done it because they wanted to control the people and make them register with them and they came to America and set-up shop and 1933 that is when they had all Americans man and woman and son's and daughters wakeup folks understand the truth and get knowledge about it because they are British crown of England it's not American they created the us citizen because they have defined the words that are God's laws and facts they hide their lies so good the trust is right infrunt of your eyes and you don't see it because you are so brainwashed by the fictional system that you just go on in your everyday life and let them sit there and believe them and they keep getting you distracted by the TV and music and they even show you on the Brainwashing Box TV and other eaay things that you don't take a hour a day for f sakes and stop being asleep and wake-up you people who are so distracted by the fictional system the 12 Banking faamilys are all stealing your natural born rights and control your life with all the schools and work 40 tp 60 and a week you dont know what the age of majurity act was put in place you are consideed a infent a word of  yhe state don't take my word for it do your dudilagence and get knowledge about the truth we have a birth certificate bond and certificate of live birth and SS number for us to control the bonds that is credit becouse they made us a birth certificate to pay the federal dwbt sysytom and all the money is not being claimed because they are making you do eveething in debt notrs you arr doing it all backwords for them to hide yhe truth from us wwll ive been doing research and understand the truth about the system and we the man and woman and sons and daughters are you missing out on life yes look at the Bankrupsey act HJR-192 and the age of majority act is everything prepaid wow you are all missing the ship you better recober your vesul just saying dont take my word for it you can lead a hoorse to watee but cant make it drink it wakeup folks research everything and understand the truth its all on youtub look up trust and our peaple will tell you the truth dont dwpend on any agent they are traind to trick you just saying
Narrator: Slow down a bit.
These videos need citations.
My US History teacher in HS (1972) said Manifest Destiny was cooked up by the Federal Government to provide them cover for seizing all the remaining land between the Louisiana Purchase and the Pacific Ocean. They were concerned about broke Mexico selling land beyond their control to foreign nations and wanted to get possession of the few decent locations for ocean ports at San Francisco, the Columbia River and Pueget Sound. The US Army and Navy told Congress there was no way Mexico nor Great Britain could defend their territory due to the distance involved to get troops and supplies there. Canada was a vast wilderness all the way over to Peuget Sound so the US military figured Great Britain would want to keep part of it for commerce shipping and military garrisons to encourage the settlement and development of Western Canada. The Hudson Bay Trading Company ran off most of the native tribes by over trapping and hunting anything that had a pelt or hide that someone in Europe would buy so told the American fur traders that settlers wouldn't be bothered by them if any wanted to move in since the company was pulling them out to conduct business elsewhere.
You can also ask why the US gave up Oregon, the northern  part now called British Columbia. It was a compromise on both sides.
I hate to be That Person, but there’s a visual error at 2:41. The image on the flag referencing the Corn Laws shows an ear of “corn” as known to Americans — elsewhere known as maize. But “corn” as used in Britain at the time (early 1800s) means “the major local grain crop,” which in practice = wheat.   So that flag should show an ear of wheat instead.
1:37 This is the plot of the Oregon Trail
Maybe the USA will give Oregon back now 😂😂😂😂
0:33 I appreciate the reference to the 1979 disco song Go West by Village People to represent Manifest Destiny, the American westward expansion.  Absolutely my kind of humor, one of the main reasons I subscribe to History Matters.
Thank you mister Peel. Best wishes from Krakow
0:03 That's a real sexy-lookin' Canada you got there
“Straight line?” “Straight line”
3:22 / 3:50
No one cares about Oregon! No one ever hears anything about that state
Living in Portland, and can see why.
The Americans didn’t have any interest in Russian America until gold was discovered in Alaska.
you should wach oversimpfield pig war
54’40 or fight!
Wait wait wait, you're telling me the Brits HIRED the native Americans in the region to OVER HUNT.  The same tribes that blame the white people for over hunting there?
Independence war: Uk* gives so much land that the 13 colonies pretty much doubled in size War of 1812: UK Gives into most US demands  Oregon: Uk* caves into all of America’s demands San Juan islands: UK and US argue infront of Germany which gave the islands to the US
Because even then we knew it was weird
0:32 brilliant go west reference
Oversimplified does a GREAT video on this subject called the Pig War.
Imagine getting history from a brit. LOL
didn't mention lake of the woods 😞 which left a small piece of the US surrounded by canada and cut off from the US
They can have it back!
They were never big herb fans.
So let me get this straight, ultimately neither country could be bothered fighting for the whole thing, so they just split it down the middle.
Will they take it back?  Please 🙏!
James Bisonet would have paid for it.
They had a fortune teller look into the future and see what would become of Portland...
People always focused on the Mexican American war and how the US won today’s Southwest over Mexico but hardly talk about the treaty that gave the US today’s Northwest from Britain. Very informative and interesting.
54-40 or fight!
The US should have held out for what we now call British Columbia. In the end, the US was literally already on site. The British would have had to deal with frightful supply chain issues if they wanted to contest the possession.
One get the feeling all problems almost fixed themselves for USA in the long run Some wars yes But mostly it seems they bought the land, for a tiny penny. It should have helped north america is where USA is, it is it's center, and all other nations collonies there was on the fringes of their empire. They might have throught that USA is growing in power and that they would have problems fighting USA on its home continent.
Since part of what the U.S. called the Oregon Country was still claimed by Russia and Spain, and the Russian portion extended well below the 49th Parallel, I wonder how the settlement went that resulted in Spain having none of it and the border of Russian America being moved much further north. The reason it's interesting to me is because since the southern border of Russian America overlapped the northern border of the Oregon Country, it could have settled with the U.S. sharing a border with Russian America. Then later, the State of Alaska could have shared a border with the lower 48 States. Perhaps just like the U.S., the British wanted access to the Pacific. Which would explain why the British took only some of Russian America and not all of it. By the way- settlers in Alaska's Panhandle wanted to make the Panhandle a separate new State from Alaska.
Have you ever been to Oregon? Half of Oregon doesn’t ever want to be in Oregon. 🤓
So Minnesota was just one of two American regions that extended above the 49th Parallel and was the only area where the border was not moved south to the 49th Parallel. I assumed that part of the border was just an exception by the U.S. because the U.S. wanted access to the Lake of the Woods in that region. My guess for why both the north and south shores would have been so that Canadian ships west upstream from the lake would have to pay the U.S. a toll to cross through before reaching the Great Lakes and the Atlantic.
James K Polk, from my town Columbia, TN! ❤
Oh man, I was almost from the UK?!?!
0:44 these appear to be the correct signatures of John Quincy Adam and the prime minister of the UK at the time, Robert Jenkinson, according to Wikipedia. Now that’s attention to detail
You never mentioned the key slogan in Polk's campaign: "Fifty-Four Forty or Fight!" which referred to the Longitude that would claim the entire territory(!).  While such belligerence can be written off as a strong opening position for bargaining with the UK, it somewhat belies the claim that the Americans got everything they wanted.
I wrote a college paper on Polk. definitely a president that was forgotten about but definitely one of the most important presidents we have ever had. without him the US would look a lot different however he for sure pushed the limits of what a president can and should do while in office.
Simple, no access to the sea, very inland territory, more suitable for US.
You even feature the Point Roberts, WA dilemma on your maps. Well done!
Russia thinks they own everything?    Alaska i might understand? But it's ours now! And Beautiful in the spring and summer!
Same reason France gave up on penal colony which was Louisiana. Upper Canada, Quebec and native leaders recognized the need for a transcontinental railroad after 1812. There was no need for standard time zones to exist previously. Wisdom of decisions most evident when only straight line in world was the Canadian border with United States during pandemic.
Because they knew eventually someday liberals would ruin it and turn it into a s-hole 😂
there you go the citizens of oregon are now free to shoot themselves
The British "giving up" Oregon is a somewhat misleading term, you could just as well argue the US gave up British Columbia, given that both territories were governed (and claimed) by both nations before the treaty. A fairer description is why the British (but the Americans just as well*) agreed to splitting it roughly into halves for each.  *Given the situation on the ground,, which was heavily in favour of the Americans at the time, the actual question is, how did they let themselves be robbed?
Who is boogly woogly?
Free trade, yo!   Lmao
US: "Eh... it's not like we have any interests in Russian America..."  Russia: "Are you sure about that?"
You could answer this whole question with just one word: Portland.
2:41 Where the "corn" in the name "Corn Laws" refers to corn, not to maize.
Ah yes polk.  The best one term president.
And, I guess, that's why the province is called British Columbia.
The British never owned it, so that is why.
Because we said so.
I watched a 30 minute oversimplified video and you just made it 3 minutes
You forgot to mention about how World War 0.5 almost broke out because an American settler shot an Irish Farmer’s pig on San Juan Island.
Why did Britain give up Oregon?  Because of all the dirty hippies there.
The Americans did not send people. They just went.  You could not have stopped them if you wanted to. Great big walls in the desert are expensive.
It's kind of stupid that an order to get to Australia by car. You actually have to have a passport to go through the Communist country of Canada.
Dang!  I was hoping to see the drawing for “Fifty-Four Forty or Fight!”
Darn I wish America had continued further to get more north land to reach Alaska. It would be awesome for today. Why? I have no idea but it would still be really cool.
It makes sense for Britain to give up their claim on the territory. The land was settled mainly by Americans and a war would have gone terribly for Britain
Can we please give Oregon back to the Brits?  At least Portland?
Everyday I thank God I'm not British I guess now Canadian
"Straight line?"  "Straight line."
3:01
because America
Maybe they would take it back if we were nice
'Ello there, chaps. Can I interest you in getting Portland back?
hmm Putin gonna claim that Oregon is Historically Russian?
After Greater Idaho consolidates, can we give the rest of the Territory back to Britain?    Pleeeeeeeeease?
But then there was Point Roberts
Time to take the rest 54' 40 or fight
They can have them back.
Britian gave up Oregon because they knew what a liberal sh*thole Portland would be.
British::You want your straight line." *draws line*  British:"There thats your straight line."   America:YEEEEEEEEEE AHHH
It was a treaty between UK and the US. Why did the US give up its claim the British Columbia? Same silly question.
If we made oregon part of canada, canada would have to deal with the american immigrants there which is a fate crueller than death.
I can't listen as fast as you talk.
Why won’t Britain take it back?!?! PLEASE take part of the commie coast back. It’s free. Take it Britain. We’ll build a wall around it because it’ll end up burning itself down.  Britain!!! Take it back! Please!
This video is fundamentally wrong. What the UK got in return for giving up its claim to half of the Oregon territory was the US giving up its claim to the other half of the Oregon territory. The split was pretty close to even.
Funny enough, this actually explains why the Oregon Trail was such a thing... I always wondered why people just suddenly one day decided to go live in Oregon, and now I know somewhat why!
Spanish actually owned all that stuff up to Canada Border. That is the why of all the Spanish names on those Washington state Islands.
Britain didn’t give up Oregon, American squatters arrived malnourished, starving, & broke to settle in the Columbia District which was its name. So many squatters came the Brits felt need to expand their Fort at Vancouver & kept the squatters in the Willamette Valley to keep close eye on them as they complained to London. The Americans drained resources from the fort such as food, nails, tools & they were only resupplied once a year from a slow boat from London around South America. And what did these Americans do? They wrote letters home to New England & gave them to the captain of the boat to drop off at a post office in London! A treaty in 1818 marked the border of the Columbia District as the Columbia River. All land north was British, south was for the squatters. That’s pretty much when the squatters began calling it OREGON.  In 1845 James k Polk running for us president promised war with Britain claiming it was “Americas manifest destiny to just take all land up to the 54th Parelelle  & campaigned the slogan 54-40 or fight. Well the Queen who was in her 20s & lacked experience as a monarch, knew nothing about being a politician but was all too aware that Americans were unpredictable with violent tendencies. Britain was already engaged in 2 wars & a 3rd against America could be expensive. President Polk didn’t want to go to war & Congress certainly wouldn’t approve war when Texas was the priority at the time. Politics also were southern dominated due to cotton which was the main source of lifting the USA to a standard of living surpassing Britain. Texas would be a great expanse of this cotton, but Mexico made slavery illegal which eventually led to declaring war on Mexico. The Columbia District was not a priority & 54/40 was just another politicians lie. Polk got California & that would come in handy for the north paying to win the civil war.  But Queen Victoria compromised Polks threat & offered him half the Columbia District. Everywhere north of the 49th would remain British, South would be American & all subjects would have joint citizenship for 10 years. After 10 years their citizenship would be decided where they lived on that date. Fort Vancouver would be moved to Gastown on the Frazier River & the old fort the Americans would enjoy. Oregon would be admitted as a slave free state in 1859, just in time to send their sons to a civil war. But there were already many slaves in Oregon. I mean who was going to pick their apples & srawberries🙄  The northern portion of the Columbia District would be called British Columbia and the American Columbia portion would be mutilated into 5 states. WASHINGTON OREGON IDAHO MONTANA WYOMING.
Britain didn't give up Oregon, we just let America think we left. Put on some Shakespeare there and see how many people suddenly show up. Biding our time, just biding our time...
Kelly Moneymaker from Expose?
Bb
The "Pig War", or a name to that effect, is part of the folklore of San Juan Island. Someone's pig was the only casualty in a squabble between English and American settlers of the island. An English knot garden in Roche Harbor pays homage to previous occupants of the island.
The same reason why everyone else gives up on it, coz it suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuckkksss
It's nice to hear James Bisonet is doing well
I used to know all that stuff.
APPROPRIATE Brit narrator as major player was G. Brit. But STOP having brit/Aussies narrating strictly American stories!!!
All land from CA to TX was stolen from Mexico in 1848.
A fortune teller told us about what was going to happen with Portand and we wanted nothing to do thing that madness.
Maybe the Brits had a crystal ball. They are both dumpster fires in the west and the eastern parts can’t get away from them
And then stuff got funky when the border agreement forgot about a few very small islands
Kind of wish we could give Idaho back.
Because the ore was gone.  The territory name confirms that there we no minerals because the ore was gone.  Ore gon is the same as ore gone.
They can have it back
They should’ve just given the lens to me, and I would’ve declared as an independent country with me as head of state as Princess. Yes, it is a monarchy was ruled by a princess.
in conclusion the British are still taking orders from the states LOL
so many history experts on the comments LOL GTFO
Ultimately the British realized that Canadian security rested on American good will.
...and left Point Roberts hanging.
Historical revisionism!   What's not noted in US history books is that when the magnificant Lewis and Clarke got to the Columbia River they found a Hudson Bay trading post already there ahead of them. Hudson Bay and the Northwest Company explorers/traders/trappers were wll over the 'American' west long before Lewis & Clarke. In fact, L&W were probably guided by aquired Hudson Bay's maps.
0:20 OHOHHOH!!!  I don't call "Not attacking at taking over the entirety of Canada" NOTHING
Canada would be part of the U.S. if they didn't.
Britain: "ok you can have all this land...but u owe us so if a man with a mustache ever attacks England you gotta send us steel"  Britain probably I dunno
Its not like they had any interest there
Stupid inaccuracy on the most fundamental point. In the C19th, the "Oregon Territory" included what today is British Columbia, right up to latitude 54 deg. 40 mins, as well as what are now the US states of Washington and Oregon. The whole lot being neither British nor US territory, but overseen jointly.  So Britain (and Canada) never ceded anything "for nothing". In FACT, despite all the usual empty, boastful sloganising ("54-40 or fight" etc, etc, ad nauseam), in the end it was the US that backed down and accepted the British proposal that the existing border along the 49th parallel just be extended west all the way to the Pacific coast.
The more I learn about Canadian history the more I am convinced of how poorly the brits managed the colony. The French Indian War, the giveaway of the Oregon, Washington and Idaho. Those clowns and their queens...
With all the crap that has gone on in Portland last 3 years,  can we give Oregon, the west portion  back to Britain?😅
54 40 is way further north...it was a compromise people!
"54-40 or fight!" Classic DNC warmongering jingoistic campaign slogan. "Giving america everything they asked for"...uh how's that 54-40 or fight shennanigans working out, there? "Giving america something before they lost more to them". Fixed it.
They knew the pain in the rump Oregon people can be to each other.
Bay of pigs
I wonder how the British settled with the Russians about the border with Russian America. Since Russian America used to extend well into what is now the State of Washington. But the British were unable to simply take over all of Russian America. So they took some, but not all. I wonder if it was through a treaty, or the British decided it wasn't worth further fighting for more land than they managed to take over. Or whether the Russians responded and came in more prepared, in order to prevent further annexation by the British.  But darn- if only Russian America's vast extension south remained unchanged, until the U.S. made the purchase, Alaska would be directly connected with the lower now-48 States and the U.S. would have ruled the entire west coast from Mexico, north.
Unfortunately, they left out the san juan islands which led to a bloodless war known as the pig war
The US should have stayed British. Would have been much easier for the people living there now.
Hopefully this gets used in PNW schools it's pretty informative.
lol how about they both leave?? lmao they steal the land and open it up for the world bitch people were already living here. lmao wtf is this???
The British slipped up at the time of the War of 1812.  At that time, there was some American presence in Oregon, claiming the area based on the explorations of Lewis and Clark.  There was also somewhat greater British presence.   On account of the war and the British military superiority,  the Americans decided to leave.   But the British,  with their proud military traditions,  gained a victory by surrounding the Americans and forcing them to surrender the territory.  Then comes the treaty ending the War of 1812, and the wording in the treaty returns conquered territory to its previous owner.   The British thereby, having recognized the American claim by forcing the Americans to surrender it,  had to return Oregon to the USA.
So many brainwashed right wing dipshits in the comments 🙄
💚❤️🇵🇹👍🏻🇬🇧🇺🇸
Boogly Woogly, lol
...because Oregon is too woke and violent even for the British...😀
"Lyman, if you spare my life, I'll grant you three wishes."
Particularly liked the caption attached to what later became mineral-rich Alaska :"this is useless" !
And this made things easy. Just ask Charles Griffin's pig.
Can we give them back now?
Surprised that you didn't mention "The Pig War" where the Royal Navy almost did an Opposed Landing against an Officer of the US Army by the name of George Pickett, who later became an officer in the Confederate States Of America...
Can we give them back?
Who's laughing now? Seattle and Portland, lol.
As an American, I suspected that the cession of Oregon to us might have, somehow, had something to do with the Mexican-American War. Now, I know exactly why the Oregon Country/Columbia Territory was divided between the United Kingdom (now Canada) and the United States: the US sent so many Americans there, and London was more concerned with repealing tariffs than starting a war with the US.  Thanks for the video!
1:39 oversimplified is that u?
Make a video if the Free City of Krakow
as a californian they should have kept it
*don't make a Oversimplified reference* *don't make a Oversimplified reference* *don't make a Oversimplified reference*
Pushing north to Russian America...until! LOL! To be continued on History Matters?
TY 🙏🙏
Because the Americans keep coming and they don’t stop coming, hopped in their wagons and they hit the ground running. Didn’t make sense to keep sharing Oregon when they outnumbered the brits more than 6:1
What would have happened if Joseph Smith had won that election?
Common sense prevailed, after the madness of President Madison’s war thank fully there was some grown up in the room, to end the blood shed of basically all British lives on both sides. The revolutionary war and the war of 1812 were the most stupid, pointless and of bloody idiotic wars of all, by idiotic leaders on both sides. And after the defeat of France if Britain had really wanted to they could have crushed the US forces, but to what point to gain a bit more dirt, thankfully PM Peel had a bit more sense. Thankfully we all learned to be a bit more sensible after all this, Canada, NZ and Australia as well as South Africa and many others simply were granted self rule from the home country, no fights no squabbles and no blood shed, its why we still have a King and the yanks have Joe Biden, we won that one for sure and certain.
This account was garblelled and frivrlous
The upper half of Oregon territory became British columbia
Portland had too many hippies
The Americans keep coming & they didn't stop coming, hopped in their wagons & they hit the ground running, didn't make sense to keep sharing Oregon when they outnumbered Brits by 6 to 1.
I heard this as, 'the royal navy was mustard'. Me: Well that is true, the royal navy was very powerfu... Oh.
Nice little shot of the British sacking and burning down the white house. No comment was needed.
Fascinating mini documentary thanks
No we needed it to keep scalping beavers
Because they could see how liberal they’d turn out?
48'40" or Fight! LOL
Dont forget the pig.
Interesting.. And now in 2023 i heard Oregon will lost Eastern areas to Idaho state due to Conservative vs liberal dissension among populace
Wonder how many statues honoring James Polk exist in the PacNW. (And how many, if any haven't been torn down.) 🤠
After consulting with myself I’ve come to conclude that Britain without the east coast found Oregon a bit difficult to get to.
You left out the Arikara massacre of 1823.
Is it just me or does the 1818 America look like a chicken?
Same reason we didn't crush their little rebellion 😂we were busy with far bigger fish too fry.
Britain didn't really give it all away for free the US wanted all the organ territory including BC which they didn't get
Britain: Send Native Americans US: Send settlers
As a guy who worked for a while in British Columbia tourism, I appreciate the “home to not Vancouver” joke since we routinely had to explain this to many Canadians, let alone foreigners.
1:29 sending the trappers in 😭
Being from Oregon, I always love seeing the history of my state, and how turbulent it was. You just wouldn't think a place as quiet as here was once a tension point between us and our parent country. Wacky
…where is this, “Rusher” you keep referencing?
What was the Roman reaction to the erruption of Pompeii?
Would have been better if the whole region stayed british
They were visited by a man from the future who told them it would become a liberal cess pool of stupidity like California. He then moved off southward to talk to the Mexicans about why they didn't want California.
Britain didn't get nothing, they got peace. This no doubt made their colonies cheaper to defend.
I am the comment man
They knew the water supply eventually turns you into a trans activist, so they cut their losses
as a Krakow citizen I would like to thank the prime minister for not giving up on us
We must be grateful. Without Britain giving us those lands, the west coast would be only California and that would suck
The brits left cause the americans kept coming and they didn't stop coming. Hopped in their wagons and they hit the groun running, it didn't make sense to keep sharing oregon, when they outnumbered the brits more than six to one.
James K. Polk. A very underrated President.
I think we should have it back again, say for the next 200 years, then you guys can run it for the following 200 years, what'h say?
1:31 I didnt realize nations were willing to maks such long term insidious plans like attempting to cause ecological collapse over 200 years ago
May we, please, give a nod to the very valuable, but lesser remembered, Kelly Moneymaker.
Can we give it back?
Imagine how different this might have all turned out if US had bought Alaska before this dispute was settled rather than afterwards. A contiguous land border to that territory is not something that would have been easily negotiated away.
You didn't mention the famous slogan, "54.40 or fight!"
Simple.....they knew what Democrat politics would do to Portland and bailed on us....
For fear of Chael P. Sonnen tearing Her Majesty a new one going “I can’t let you get close!”
'Claimed' what an apparent innocuous but layer term. As if no-one was there in the first place.
Because they knew what a liberal cluster f*#! it would turn into.
There are days when i wish they would take it back. Then we could put Meghen and Harry there permanently. No visas for them.
Jajajaja The Village People 😂😂😂😂
America would like to give up Oregon as it's full of woke d-bags.
Can we have it back please ?
Great and pretty accurate for such a condensed video.  I worked for a time at Ft. Vancouver National Historic site on the north side of the Columbia river just north of Portland in Vancouver WA.  That fort was the HQ for the western operations of the Hudson Bay Company.  Ft Vancouver was the hub of a trading network that encompassed all of the Oregon country, what is today northern California, and Hawaii.  If you go to that fort there is a bastion in the northwest corner that mounted cannon.  Those guns were trained, not on the river, but on the growing American settlement that would eventually become the city of Vancouver WA.  The fort was moved from the southern side of the river near what is today Astoria Oregon, to it's present site in 1828 while the English attempted get the US to make the Columbia the border. English was not the most common language in the area.  That was a trade jargon made up of Chinook, French, Spanish, English and a little Russian.  In southeastern Oregon, there is a rugged aird valley called the Owyhee valley.  It was named after the Hawaiian trappers that mapped and explored it.
Y’all screwed up Britain… now you missed out on $17 coffee, endless Indy record stores, and co-op modern art installations.
Portland is in Oregon and it's a democrat ran shithole
Why did Britain give up Oregon? Because Kelly Moneymaker bribed Britain.
Why? Because the Americans were going to take it anyway.  Sheer numbers have a way of changing minds.
I live in Oregon.
Oregon is boring! Thats why we gave you it!
I think you forgot to add the patrons’ names at the end there. How else will I know how to spell Kelly Moneymaker or Boogely-Woogely?
BECAUSE WE DON’T WANT THAT LIBERAL HELLHOLE GOD SAVE THE KING 🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧
Well… We were going to kick their ass… That might have had something to do with it. “Yeah they burned down my capitol last time… But I’ve been drinking milk!”
Can we give Oregon back?
Because they had virtually no way to prevent the US from taking it anyway.
Why did the U.S. give up on British Columbia?
This guy sounds like the Guinea pig from the movie Bad Guys am I wrong?
The Village People "Go West" shoutout was a thing of brilliance.
I would imagine people living in this area across the border would feel closer to each other than their respective governments out in the East.
Yeah seems trivially true that uk would be better off selling oregon today than back then
Because they are obsessed with drawing straight line borders.
1776
I mean it was at least polite of Oregon to put a Beaver on one side of their flag to remember what could have been
So within 30 seconds of this video a lazy error. The British didnt run the American's country.  The colonists were British, they were British crown colonies. Not taken from Americans, but founded by the British. (yes I know the native Americans were there first).  when the British were defending the British colonists from the French, they didnt mind!
I'd give up Oregon too ngl
They knew what was coming...now, 2/3 of Oregon wants to give up Oregon.
Nice to see more of the history here! Glad to be an American and an Oregonian!
Can we give it back?
Maybe they saw Portland coming.  😄
My absolute favorite episodes are those that end with, "a special thanks to my patrons; James Bisonette, Kelly Moneymaker, Sky Chapelle . . .
If only the US got the Northern portion of the Oregon country, Alaska today would be part of the contiguous United States instead of being stuck in little boxes alongside Hawaii on maps.
Oregon is about the same size of the uk
Aaannndd that’s why the city of Vancouver hasn’t had to deal with a bunch of mass shootings.
Very few people know "Go West" was originally by The Village People... or that they influenced The Pet Shop Boys.  In the end: Nice reference!😊
3:00 as a person who lives on Vancouver Island 3 things  1 it's cool to see us on the map at all  2 glad to not be an amazing for sure 3 lmao rite Home to not Vancouver 🤣
I live in British Columbia. Now I know the history of the name. I am happy to not be an American. And I am unhappy to not be an American. Because America is far from perfect ... but Canada is even worse.
Having lived in Ohio and visited Ontario now and then and lived in Oregon and Washington and having gone to British Columbia now and then, I do wonder how much co-dominion influenced the speech. Because the differences between Ohio and Ontario are much stronger than the differences between Oregon/Washington and British Columbia (although the percentage of folks that didn't grow up in British Columbia, Oregon, and Washington are much higher than they were when I moved here).
I only know of the Oregon boundary dispute because one of future president Polk's campaign slogans, "Fifty-Four Forty Or Fight!", referring to parallel 54°40′N, the extreme American territory claim which rubbed up against Russian Alaska, would get referenced by the name of one of my favourite music groups growing up, Vancouver-area alt-rock/grunge group *54-40.* (Anyone outside of Canada probably only knows them indirectly; their song "I Go Blind" was a minor mid-90s hit for Hootie & The Blowfish.)
Point Roberts exists as a geographic fun fact and a beautiful vacation spot.
I think Andrew Johnson gave pardon Confederate soldiers land in that area or solely in Idaho.
Nice Hail Mary there by the way!
54'40' or fight!
Y'all can have it as far as I'm concerned.
What a reasonable and happy agreement. I sure hope the document labeled things correctly and there weren’t a pair of islands left out that can disputed over and cause a crisis between them.
More importantly when are they taking it back?
Britain gained peace and stabilty at  the Canadian border .
2:45 */Angry Irish Pub Fight Music Starts**
Can we give it back?😂
Here's a questionL "How did communism fall in Albania?"
They can have it back.
I would say we should call it Polk's folly for not pushing for more land further north or at least the coast. Rather than Seward's folly. Ik that it was moreso in the moment
Have you seen Portland!??!?
You could frame this as the US giving up the northern half of the Oregon Territory - it was basically a 50/50 split of a disputed territory, US would not have wanted to get into a war with the British Empire of the late 19th Century regardless of the aggressive language being thrown around - they would have had an immediate local advantage vis-a-vis Canada but the  British Empire was the undisputed superpower at this point and could have dismembered the US over the long term if they had provoked a full scale war by overreaching
If the USA didn't get the Oregon territory then James Bissonette would have taken it for himself.
Kinda wish America got some coastline to touch Alaska but it wasn't in the cards yet
As someone from Oregon i just wanna say... thank you Britain, for making me not british😄
Maybe it rained to much.
Cause USA God damnit
Perhaps six people got the Village People reference for their song "Go West." Admittedly, the Pet Shop Boys version of the song was far more successful (perhaps even their defining song) and much better in general.
Oregon never should’ve let Washington secede. Washington always should still be part of Oregon IMO. Seattle the largest city. Capital in Salem.
Leaving just the small matter of the San Juan Islands, and the Pig War.
If it makes you chaps feel better, you can have Portland back!
terrific
The British should’ve kept it. At least Seattle and Portland. The rest is pro American
Because their psychics got a look at Oregon in 2023.
I always thought this was an obvious and truly sensible compromise, including letting Britain keep Vancouver Island, But it also led to the Pig War.
Can we give it back to them now?
Why did the USSR ban lobotomies in 1950
THANK YOU!  It’s clearer for me now than it is ever been 😁
Always remember the natives, Britain handing over instead of arming the natives was so nice of them, not nice for the natives but still.
very good! I  didn't know any of that
By selling Alaska and giving up Oregon russia made a terrible mistake
Geez, man, I'm more impressed we still have British Columbia. We weren't the ones threatening to go to war with a slogan like "54-40 or fight!".
It seems odd to me, almost conspirational, how the British bent over and let the Americans have whatever they wanted in most instances post 1783. They could have easily taken back the colonies or enforced a more favourable peace treaty after the war of 1812, and they could have taken the entire Oregon country with slightly more effort at the time. Not to mention the fact that they could have intervened during the American Civil War and tipped the balance and power and got whatever they wanted out of it as a result.  I guess that's why Britain is now a third rate power and the USA is the dominant force in the world. We can blame our forefathers because at any point during a period of nearly one hundred years we could have nipped it in the bud and remained the planet's only superpower.  Idiots.
By the way other viewers, the Columbia Territory, now British Columbia in Canada, extended as far north as British Columbia does now. So my point there is even if the U.S. border were moved up to the border of then- Russian America, some of the Columbia Territory still would have remained under British control.
They should’ve kept it
Does add another dimension to the motivations for manifest destiny
Smart move even back then….the state is a 💩 hole today.🤠🇺🇸
Funny thing is, yhere is a good chance thise Aemrican territories barring Idaho may join up with Canada or become independent with BC eventually given current political climate.
Illegal immigrants took it over?  Sounds familiar.
As a former Oregonian, for the love of god Britain can have it back. That place has gone to ass recently
As we can see now, they made the right decision 😂
Old Polky, master negotiator!
Hehe, we outnumbered the Brit’s 6-1 and we got the land! 🤣🇺🇸
Oversimplified has a fantastic video on this subject that is 30+ mins long if you want to take a look, he has a great channel (non-sponsored comment). I believe its called the Pig War.
Man, that sucks to not be Canadian, dammit.  That would RULE, plus Britain would have got a major port on the Pacific.  This Washingtonian would be happy not to be in the same heap as Florida and Texas.
Take it back pls britain
It’s crazy to think that, because of the condominium, Queen Victoria reigned over Idaho, Oregon, and Washington
They gave it up because they KNEW what a ShitHole it’d turn in to.
Britain will help* Love it
Is the return policy still active?
Have you seen oregon? You can keep it.
After the last 3 years I'd say the UK got the better deal😂
Do you think if we offered Britain a great deal they would not only take Oregon back, but grab Washington and California too?
Straight line? Straight line.
Should have pushed for bc.
In pr3-s0viet russia, the country is pushing YOU!
So basically they agreed to it because they wanted to keep making money through trade, kinda crazy but I guess the U.K. already had tons of land at the time.
Their were no fish and chip shops, In addition, Somebody's uncle.....named Sam I think.....kept playing this awful Tune about a banner being somewhat star spangled. Besides at the time of this gift, We were comitted on three continents, with conflicts in Africa,  India and Afghanistan,  Malaysia and Hong Kong.  With a soon to be war against Russia in the crimea.  Though it does pain me to know that years later, plan red was envisaged by the Pentagon.
I’m proud that Oregon has no sales taxes and Washington state across the Columbia river has no state income taxes and No State Property Taxes for people 60 and older.
Britain gave up Oregon because James Bisonette paid them off.
If the US knew then what we know now, they would've pushed all the way up to Alaska.
Algorithmic punch
Hmmmmmm Straight line? Straight line.
I feel like this gave me a very different perspective on Manifest Destiny, which was not really taught from a political perspective in my school in Alabama.
Neat
Thumbnail isn’t Oregon tho..
All of Canada should be annexed to USA
Kelly Money 💰 Maker is a great negotiator beIN able to buy off Russia with his universal YouTube channel 😅😂😂  And Spain who didn't gain anything and yet claimed they did great to see James bissionete bought them easily too 🙂
Oregon? Oh-it’s-gone.
I wonder what a w*r between US and UK would have looked like in the mid to late 1800s
Hang on, discrepancy detected! ENHANCE!
Have you ever met them?
Because there was nothing of interest to the north, lol
Oversimplifed better
Oh, I thought the British took one look at Portland and just said 'nope'.
this is not accurate.  Russian claims also contained Northern California.
They gave it up because they somehow knew what Portland would turn into 200+ years in the future!
WHAT ABOUT THE PIG WAR
What choice did they have….????
America has taken what it wants since it’s foundation brave strong people have made America what it is now
Why did Britain give up Oregon? Because they lost a War where the conditions was them giving up all land in North America...
You skipped over the part where Britain suggested the division be along the 49th parallel to the Columbia River, and then along the the Columbia River to the Pacific Ocean.  This would have kept for Britain the headquarters of the Hudson's Bay Company in the Columbia District; Fort Vancouver, which is now Vancouver, Washington.
I also wish the Free City of Krakow well
Cause they saw the future of Portland
Because of Antifa.
But the Americans keep coming and they don't stop coming
England saw the US rising and knew if they did them a favor at Canada's expence, theyd have better relations with the big dog down the line. Same situation with the alaska panhandle.
The supreme Irony of the slogan "Fifty-four Forty or Fight!" is the the U.S. didn't get all the territory up to that line, and did not fight over it.
You want Portland back? It’s yours if so!
You know the schemers and the distrustful people in the videos, they're always squinting or worse, they might be side-eyeing you. 🤨
one problem with the video and that is that the americans during and just after the revolution considered themselves to be british but just didnt want to be governed by the london gorvernment
My Dad and I listened to a book about Astoria, Oregon and how John Jacob Astor, fearing the British would attack the fur trading post, sold it to The Hudson Bay Company in 1812. I went to the Maritime Museum on the bank of the Columbia where there's a piece of copper plated hull from a British ship, the HMS Raccoon. Captain William Black exclaimed in 1813, "Is this the fort of which I have heard so much about? Damn me, but I'd batter it down in two hours with a four pounder."
So what's Britain's return policy?
There is a video on the topic on Oversimplified History. Its hilarious 😆
You completely left out the American battle cry "forty-four forty or fight".  This slogan was especially popular with Democrats in congress to push for Oregon territory ownership or war if need be.
The British fleet had nothing to do with the USA giving up on what is now BC and everything to do with the Mexican American War which key British diplomats played a critical part in starting.
HISTORY IS A LIE - FOOLING THE DUMB
Then there's the issue with the San Juan Islands.
Also, British didn't want to see their rear ends handed to them by the Americans again.
Bc we would have taken it all
There are thousands of American speakers in Vancouver, and all up the west coast of Canada. We need to conduct an operation-- a _special_ military operation, one may say--to liberate these beleaguered souls and bring them back to mother America.
They gave it up because they must of had an inkling of the complete stupid the Portland-Salem corridor would become.  The whole West coast is a socialist paradise of crime, drugs, lawlessness and homelessness. Nice countryside, but the urban I-5 corridor is done, no hope for those poor folks.
Britain really dodged a bullet there.
Because we could never find it?
Is this why theres a Vancouver Canada and Vancouver Washington?
OK, now tell about how in 1903 Britain sold out Canada in the U.S./Canadian/British negotiations concerning the border of southeast Alaska (a.k.a.: the "Alaska Panhandle"). Some Canadians are still pissed that Britain gave away almost half of the potential Pacific coastline of Canada.
The Corn Laws weren't about maize. I'm guessing the animator is of a North American persuasion.
They must have known what a trash pit it would become.
It’s weird because I remember not too long ago that i learned the US must own all the states near Washington state, have invented quinine, have relationships with Britain at least 20+, etc.
"Fifty-Four Forty or Fight!" One of the best campaign slogans ever. Though today almost no one knows what it means.
Because it was over run with Americans.
Many Americans we all for fighting the British. Their battle cry was 54 40 or fight. If they had gotten what they wanted, the U.S. would have taken control of almost all the land that is now British Columbia.
Shouldn't the Manifest Destiny guy be frolicking left? 🤔
As an Oregonian I’m glad to have a video about me, thanks James bisonet!!
Now the only question remains as to why the british ceded Point Roberts - or why the Americans even wanted it.
What's that bit about the Free City of Kraków on the chalkboard about? I lack the knowledge to understand that joke and it's killing me (metaphorically speaking, of course!
Boy that representation of Canada at 0:03 is terrible.
It was the Americans that gave britain Columbia, stop rewriting history through your bri'ish lenses.
British Columbia 🇨🇦
They can have it back and give them California too.
I mean look at Oregon right now I think we lost on that deal
Honestly, as someone who lives in Oregon City, the city that prides itself on the territories early history, it's kinda fucked up I'm just now learning this
I was totally expecting a pun or something about the Pig War. Seems like something this channel would do.
An idea for another episode: why did the Bolsheviks support the  Ottomans during WW1?
SKY CHAPPELLE!!!! WOOOO!!!!!
They thought they would find alot of oregano but got trolled so they left.
Britain got their revenge, as witness the existence of Seattle and Portland.
Why did Britain give up Oregon? Visit Glide. You'll understand.
So the United States sent tons of people to the territory so I could play Oregon Trail in the 1980's?
They can take it back it's the beaver state even men have beavers now.😂oh the humanity😂
What about 54'40" or fight?
Another great entry of the James Bisuneet show
Honestly my main takeaway from this is why it's called British Columbia. I had never really thought about it, but it makes sense that if they called all of Oregon territory Columbia, then the northern half after the partition would the British half of Columbia, hence British Columbia
From 1857-1859, Indians were fighting an all-out war for independence from the British - a war that took 800,000 lives in 21 months. Probably that explains the unwillingness of the British to focus on Oregon.
Wonder if the fur trade kind of winding down around that time had anything to do with it.  May have just not seemed worth the hassle.
Love the quick Village People reference hahaha 🤣
Thank goodness James Bisonette was there.  Edit: just saw someone made this joke already
why? 2:38 - control more of india
America should have offered to take all the territory in exchange for the support of James Bissonette.
Cuz oregon sucks I'm from oregon
Can we give it back?
I kinda wish Britain kept Oregon.
Oregon is so undesirable they just gave it to us.
Sad to see what Portland has become. 😢
With how the people there are nowadays, they should have kept them
Jokes on the USA now, seeing as Oregon is a complete left wing shit hole. Please GB take it back, we were wrong.
2:57 yeah, that would cost the life of a pig
"despite being claimed the British, the Russians, and also the Spanish" and numerous Native American nations.
Trying to figure out how many of y’all have never heard Idaho in your life
Is this the prologue to the pig war?
CASCADIAAAAAAAAA
So... its not realy that tge uk gave the usa the oregan region. Both owned it. The uk just agreed to split the territory along a border, instead of splitting it's ownership.
So... technically, the usa gas historical ground to claim land that would conmect main usa with Alaska...
54°40' or fight! Well 49° works too.
Wait, what? I had no idea Spain and Russia claimed Oregon. That's surprisingly complicated. I don't think I was ever taught that in school about my country.
I wonder if Robert Peel looked into a crystal ball and saw Portland in the 21st century and said "You know what? Just take it."
“Maybe try calming down” 🤣🤣🤣
Before they knew it, it was Oregon
But the americans kept coming and they dont stop coming, hopped on their wagons and hit the ground running. It didnt make much sense to share Oregon when Americans outnumberd the Brits 6-1
Even today BC is mostly empty wilderness compared to the more populated American states to the south.  Plus the british colonists in Canada didn’t have a road or rail connection to the pacific coast until about twenty years after the Americans did.  And a road connection wasn’t built until well into the 20th century.  I’m sure the British overlords in London looked at this and realized that Americans would keep migrating north since BC was easily accessed from that direction and eventually claim BC for the US in a similar way that they did California in the 1840s and just took the easy way out of the predicament and drew a line.  To this day BC and Alberta are mostly an economic colony of the US since the U.S. is the primary market for their exports of oil, gas and other raw materials although Vancouver is also a significant export hub for agricultural commodities from the interior.  Eventually, Russia will serve a similar purpose for the Chinese since Putin pissed off Russia’s European customer base (nice going, jerk).  You should do a video about that situation
Man oregon is so beautiful
0:30 your gift for irony amazes me.  I'm surprised you didn't directly mention the slogan 54-40 or fight, but only implied it.
Skye Chappelle is the best one
Manifest Destiny. There was always destiny to be manifested.
Don't forget the San Juan Islands!
I think the uk back then washes there hands of the entire americas, they didn’t actually want Canada it’s a thorn in there side
We want it back
As much as i hate saying this ' no offence we needed to keep a good relationship with this future empire ' the usa ' some things you have to lose to make the future better ' but we drew the line in 1812😁 to cut a long story short 🤑
Because Oregon sucks and despite places being shitty not ever having stopped them from hogging land before, they went "eh," and just figured they were better off not fighting over yet another corn-packed turd.  The end.  Yes, I live in Oregon
Britain: straight line? USA: straight line
After each video I'm just waiting for him to say Booglie Wooglie
Who ever reading this God bless you saying to who believe
This is a good explanation of the macro, international situation.  But there's a little more.  Within the Oregon territory itself, they had a referendum where the representatives from various groups voted between joining the US, remaining a joint territory or forming an independent nation.  Including a large group of French Canadians.  Joining the US won by only a few votes.  Of course this vote probably wouldn't have mattered in the long run.  The USA would have expanded west and absorbed them regardless.  The place where they took this vote is at Champoeg state park.  A place hardly anyone knows about.  Hence why it's often overlooked.  But it's funny because if you look at a list of the names of people who voted, it's pretty much a list of the town and street names all over the Willamette Valley.
Very interesting, crazy the UK didn't get any thing out of it
Actually it was not 6 people but 6 Americans to 1 British
As a Canadian I’ve always hated this. Even more so, now that it’s been fully explained to me.
As a native Irish speaker I really appreciate seeing the Irish language used in 2:45
Just imagine r*ssians to take the land over. That would be a world without Microsoft and Starbucks, and Vancouver would house 6000 соmmіеblock panelkas instead of winter Olympic
Great and fun video. Could we have one on the significance of the British Corn Laws? (which governed wheat, not maize)
USA needs to end this silly 250 year rebellion and make Britain Great Britain again
After a lengthy talk with the hoi4 devs they agreed that this would make the map nicer
Been waiting for this one for a long time. Noice!
Great video.
I have never played it, but I guess the "At least six" sign is a reference to the game "The Oregon Trail"?
crooked tooth Brit: We'll make it valueless! chad America: Send the whole of our country West!
54 40 or Fight!
Hahaha! The Pig War.
This is the prequel to the Pig War.
Had there been a conflict, the USA would have taken all of it because American settlers outnumbered the British. The 49th parallel agreement was actually smart diplomacy.
Because the British knew it would be overrun by douchebags and they wanted to get rid of the whole state before they got stuck with Portland.
Why didn't Britain use the Usa civil war to retake these ex-colonies?
Boy if you had asked me before this what would be HM’s first video that DIDN’T feature Napoléon, I definitely wouldn’t have picked a 19th century topic on American expansion.
Nooooooo it is Mexico's land
I wish there was a version of these videos slowed down and with perhaps a little more detail
This video supplements what I learned from Oversimplified's Pig War video, and I enjoyed both! Despite the jokes and quick pace through the history, I learn more from these videos than most history classes ever even tried to teach. Genuine love of history makes a better teacher than having to prepare students to fill out a scantron with trivia answers. I really appreciate the attention to these small issues that normally either get glossed over, ignored, covered up, or taught inaccurately. You have a fantastic channel, sir!
Kelly Moneymaker made Mr. Peel a deal he couldnt refuse
54 40 or fight
I think it's funny how when America demand it Britain assembled the royal navy but when America asked for it they just gave it up to them
As I am born, raised and live in Portland my whole life, so far, I thank you for doing this video. I have ancestry going back to the Hudson Bay Company's French Canadien fur trappers and one of Canada's First Nations.
Explain how I’ve lived in Oregon my whole life and was never taught any of this stuff in school (I knew about all this stuff from my own personal interests but how did school never teach us). Also how was I not taught this when my ancestors came on the Oregon trail
Great
I noticed the Pet Shop Boys reference at 0:33 to "Go West". Farney.
It was nice of the English to repeal the corn laws after half the population of ireland either starved to death or fled the country
Oregon, here. Can we give ourselves back to Canada? Washington may come, too. (Not you, Idaho.)
I’m surprised the Americans didn’t teach this as another war which they definitely won and made another holiday out of it.
Finally! Someone acknowledged the Colombia river! :D
Too many druggies and homeless?
0:33 I had to stare at that one for a while before I figured it out.
So straight line? Straight line
Great timing, since I'm driving to Oregon tomorrow. Thanks!
I always wonder what would've happened if all of the Oregon Country had gone to the USA.
Miss read the title Batman
America tried to send more people, but they died of dysentery.
54 40 Or Fight. We're comin' for ya, Canada.
You ever been to Oregon bruh
This is a toxic wasteland now.  And it's only going to get exponentially worse.  Great job USA
As a resident of Idaho, I want to thank President Polk and his brilliant brinkmanship (negotiation) with Britain.
Awesome as always, but nobody died, and that "thump" is SO satisfying. . . .
I think it's fair to say that James K. Polk was probably one of the most successful Presidents in US history. What's kind of amazing is that he did everything in one term.
"Straight line?" - "Straight line!" - Over Simplified
Three events that influenced London decision-making:  The Battle of Saratoga The Siege of Yorktown The Battle of New Orleans  No Prime  Minister wanted to see a repeat of any of these.
Man I love this channel, it's very informative.
0:33 has to be the most brilliant interpretation of "Go West, Young Man" that anyone has ever seen. I don't know how you do it, but your visual gags just get better and better!
"At least 6" was too funny, along with the dancing man from other clips cavorting below manifest destiny.Quite informative as well.
I find all these comments about "what if the US would have been able to have gotten the British Columbia side of the border, and been able to establish a land corridor with Alaska" interesting. However they seem to ignore the fact that every action changes everything else.   One of the primary motivating factors of Russia selling Alaska to the U.S. was that they were concerned that Britain would seize it. If the U.S. had a land border with Alaska, then the odds of Britain seizing Alaska significantly would have dropped as the British fleet used Vancouver as a refueling port. The other thought to consider is if Russia did sell Alaska to the US, then they would probably have requested it for more money as it would have been seen as a more valuable sale, and so possibly nullifying a deal that many in the states already refereed to as Seward's folly.
Thank you! 💯
Vancouver Island was a whole nuther mess. 😅
PIG WAR
I love how to this boils down to "America didn't know about oil yet, therefore it didn't invade".
Now explain the Pig War.
Britain can have Portland and Seattle back!
I’ve watched these videos for years. I have definitive of what James Bissonett, Kelley Moneymaker, and Sky Chappell look like in my head.
My Home state
54’ 40” or Fight! (One of Polk’s campaign slogans in 1848). For context, 54’ 40” is currently the southern border of the Alaskan panhandle.
54-40' or fight!
Oregon/Cascadia should've been a independent neutral state in my opinion of course 🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦 ⬜⬜🌲⬜⬜ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
You can have Portland back.
Could you do one on the "Pig War"?
Point Roberts: "Guys... did you forget me?"
I’m from Washington state!
“Because it’s not like the US has any interest in Russian America”
You missed my favorite part, the land deal missed the San Juan islands, which started the undeclared Pig War between the US and UK.  The US finally won the disputed territory again.
Hey Britain, you can have Western Oregon back.
Another amazing video
Wait.... No one got shot?!  ;)
The burning question on everyone's lips in the UK now: "Where has Oregon?"
I NEED a mug or shirt that says "Welcome to Vancouver Island. Home of not Vancouver" !!!!! Make this a thing!
I was wondering about this
I never knew Britain even had it until this very moment.
54" 40 " or Fight!
The question is what would Boogely Woogely have done if they had the power?
Because the Americans keep coming and they don’t stop coming
0:34 Lewis and Clark hallucinating of unborn YMCA persons. That is some whacky visions that Sacagawea could ever interpret of this event, of such records are passed down to their descendants and their colleagues until James Bizonette and his fellow patrons such as Spencer Lightfoot and Kelly Moneymaker have unearthed the real truths depicted in this video
There was a brief conflict called the "Pig War" over a dead pig. The pig was the only death.
This agreement was clearly brokered by Kelly Moneymaker
Point Roberts Washington has entered the chat.
as an oregonian, THANK GOD i'm not british
Because it literally is just Oregon
You left out the part about the British threatening to arm a slave uprising or land Haitian troops on our Gulf Coast, and the cowardly American officials (all slave owners) who agreed to cede Upper Oregon.
“54’40 or fight!” And in the end, “Ehhh, same old 49’?” “Fine.”
Something involving a pig and Hitler being punished severely, according to the leading expert work on the subject.
So bloody Britain screwed Canada :|
As an Oregonian, I wonder this everyday...
Have you been there? They probably couldn’t afford the shitty housing
Ahhh America
Please give Oregon back
The Americans kept coming and they didnt stop coming,  Hopped in their wagons and hit the ground running.  It didnt make sense to keep sharing Oregon,  When they outnumbered the British more than six to one.   -Oversimplified
They could see where it was headed and decided to cut their losses.
Now talk about Point Roberts!
While most of the territory was split up to the border we have today, there was a lingering dispute about who owned the San Juan islands that lasted until well after the Civil War.
The British being British.. they had their reason and most likely got the upperhand back then and to this day 💯
This week History Matters visits my part of the world. Thanks!
No "Oregon Trail" reference? Maybe the game never made it across the pond
0:33 go west YOUNG MAN
Straight line? Straight line.
I don't know why but your videos just seem much smoother today
Giving up is what you do in Oregon.
The ugliness of American state flags truly shows up when you zoom into them and see how much seals don't mix with flags
Just imagining if USA get all of Canada
We should’ve taken BC too😔
If only the Americans had known about the purchase of Alaska soon to come lol. Thank you for another comically informative episode! God be with you out there everybody! ✝️ :)
I always had the question how Canada got the top piece of the line of the border when I saw the napoleon deal map, now I know.
My man did what Oversimplified took 30 minutes to do in 3 and a half minutes, and was still more informative
Heresy
Why france invasion mexicon ?
I recall from my PNW history class (I grew up near Seattle) how the hawks in the US would shout "54 40 or fight" where the northern border of the Oregon Territory was 54 degrees, 40 minutes north latitude.
Great video. Did you learn also about the Pig War that was the result of the boarder between the US and Canada that goes around the bottom of Vancouver Island not being well defined?   The upshot was that the only casualty was the pig.   P.S. And because of the boarder being on the 49th parallel, a little bit of the US, Point Roberts, is inaccessible except by boat or plane.
W
Straight line?
Good video
I love how its a perfect mix of informative and funny
US did the same thing with Texas to get it from Mexico
2:16 is the best map of the UK. Most ideal.
It wasn't worth keeping. They should have made all of Canada a US state.
For more information (and jokes), see "Oversimplified - Teh Pig War".
Imagine a world where both Oregon and Alaska joined British Canada instead of the US
Russian America a term not so commonly used lol😅
I was supposed to fly to Oregon on 4/20, but I fell down some stairs the night prior. Needless to say, no trip for me.
As someone from Vancouver Island, I can confirm that we are not Vancouver.
Britain can have it back we dont want it anymore
1:20
"Fine, you want a straight line? There, there's your straight line..."  - Oversimplified
The Brits screwed us so much. Oregon and Alaska/Alaska panhandle are just the surface. After the American revolution, why didn’t the British seize the west coast and push eastward? I’m a loyal Canadian monarchist but really…a little help would have been appreciated
As someone who grew up in Central Oregon I have to say, "54-40 or fight!"
Straight line? Straight line.
The book “may the sea make a noise” has a lot on this. There was a British official on the ground who was inexplicably helpful to American settlers, for example…
Loved the Go West joke. You have some of the best visual gags on YouTube.
1:20 Anti aliasing
I think another reason the British handed over the land was they felt the US would eventually just go in and take it by force anyway given their history of doing just that.
Can you do a video on the pig war over the Oregon islands.
the Anglosphere really needs to be a thing, (similar to that of the EU, perhaps without full freedom of movement) the commonwealth and the US have had (mostly) mutually aligning interests for the majority of their history
Basically the last time the US govt gave a rip about us out here
Who would want Alaska? lol
As an Oregonian, it's nice to see someone pronouncing the name correctly.  Also it turns out that maybe it would have been better if Canada had kept us.
Hire natives to over hunt…. America sent 10 Americans per every native… so if natives keep acting sus… we send them to Jesus with express shipping
To think that if Brittain had gone the way of threatening to aid Mexico could've tipped some things for both Mexico & the U.K is....... Interesting to think about.
This wasn't the end of US-British land disputes in the Pacific Northwest. The Pig War of 1859 is quite an interesting subject.
Why did Britain give up Oregon? Because of that damn OREGON TRAIL! British settlers just got sick tired of all that DISENTERY!!
3:14 [sign:] This is useless.  Ironically, that screenshot resembles the U.S. saying Alaska is useless, at the time of the Alaska Purchase. lol  But I totally recognize the real meaning of the screenshot. Great teaching; great narration, great animation.  Thank you!
Oh, the tragic loss! By the drawing of a straight line we British forever lost Point Roberts to America.
Why isnt this a big event in Victoria 3? It seems like the two countries were on the brink of war. Surely the developers couldve done something with that
Didn't learn any of this playing the Oregon Trail game with my kids. LOL
Forty-four forty or Fight !
0:04 I'm pretty sure most of the people living in Washington and Oregon wish they were Canada
Nice little touch with Alaska at the end there.
Thank you for getting the pronunciation of Oregon correct.
idk why we did it
“This is useless” amazing foreshadowing there
I aways assumed it was because we asked nicely.
Because of the liberal  democratic homeless problem.
Video idea, why was the kingdom of Montenegro made apart of Yugoslavia and not kept an independent country
*VIDEO SUGGESTION:* When, why and how did America aquire Hawaii?
Do you know Jesus Christ can set you free from sins and save you from hell today   Jesus Christ is the only hope in this world no other gods will lead you to heaven    There is no security or hope with out Jesus Christ in this world come and repent of all sins today   Today is the day of salvation come to the loving savior Today repent and do not go to hell Come to Jesus Christ today   Jesus Christ is only way to heaven  Repent and follow him today seek his heart Jesus Christ can fill the emptiness he can fill the void  Heaven and hell is real cone to the loving savior today  Today is the day of salvation tomorrow might be to late come to the loving savior today  Romans 6.23  For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.  John 3:16-21   16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.  17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.  18 He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.  19 And this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were evil.  20 For every one that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved.  21 But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest, that they are wrought in God.  Mark 1.15  15 And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel.  2 Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.  Hebrews 11:6 6 But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Jesus
And then the Pig War.
Why did it happen?? Oregano 🧐🤫🤔🇬🇧💯
Well I went ahead and googled free city of Krakow.  Interesting story.
No Starbucks yet ;-)
They didn’t have a choice.
When Britain starts mustering it's Royal Navy even America has to ask for peace 💀
As a person living on Vancouver island I’m happy I’m not American 🍁🍁
So we have a treacherous Prime Minister in England at that time
Great information! Thank you!  I loved Oversimplified videos on a similar subject.
They also gave away Aragorn: now he's not British, but he's in all of our hearts.
Woah mass immigration was used to overthrow a territory?  Thank goodness that isn't being done now
There were also a series of channel islands that sat in the middle of the waterway between Vancouver Island and mainland Canada that possessed three little islands.  These islands would absolutely be of no importance to either side neither cause an overwhelming example of brinkmanship that would prompt a history YouTuber by the name of Oversimplified to make a video about it decades to centuries later.  All over a pig and a shitty fence.
I live in Grays Harbor, WA, and the history of this area has interested me since I moved here. Super cool area, thanks for the video
*Pig war intensifies*
Did you forget British Columbia used to be part of Oregon territory, so they didn't give it up they just divided it with the IS
Having lived in the region for much of the last 25 years, I've always wondered how things would have turned out had one country or another taken the whole area?  There were still many in BC who wanted to throw their lot in with the US towards the end of the 19th Century as the railroads went into Washington State and Oregon and link the east and west US in 1869.  Canada was not joined by rail until 1885.
Britain would have to colonize and garrison the territory. Get 100k british to move there. That’d be expensive. AND risk an eventual with a major trading power
Eventually History Matters will explain all the little details of history.
can someone  point to what 'wish the free city of krakow well' means in this context? not even google search of 'prime minister Peel krakow" give any results :)
1818: Where we got most of the Red River Valley, some of the best farmland in the world, and Canada/Britain got some...less than stellar prairie.
54° 40' or fight!
Wasn’t there a pig involved somewhere in this story?
The list grows...
The 1846 Oregon Treaty didn't decide everything however and eventually the 1859 "Pig War" broke out...
What was the deal with Britain and the "free" city of Krakow?
I just wish Britain asked for Point Roberts, which is just below Vancouver but part of America. One has to travel through Canada to get to the rest of Washington from there
As an Oregonian they obviously knew that oregon would be far too cool of a place for them to control so they had to give it to someone who could handle it better
they should have kept it.
*Knock knock... It's the United States... With people... Lots of People.*  _"Give us, the region. Stop having it, be shared."_
Wow. I never knew this lol.
There was a roughly 4-month long bloodless conflict called "The Pig War" over part of the archipelago that exists between Vancouver Island and the mainland, too.  Enjoyed watching this here on the little bit of this Island that would have gone to the States if the land border was followed.
Hey Britain, we want to renegotiate.  Having Portland and Seattle didn't work out so well...
Great video. Amazingly produced. Every single frame is high quality and detailed. I thought you were going to talk about the Pig War that broke out in 1859 since it was a relevant dispute between Vancouver Island and the Territory of Washington, a newly organized incorporated territory since 1853. It was also the funniest and strangest war in the world😂😂 truly up there with the Emu War🤣 (What's up with all these interspecies wars💀)
Begun the Pig War has.
Because who the hell wants Oregon??
That Alaska stinger at the end made me laugh.
History Matters: Why did Britain give up Oregon. Americans: Have you ever been to Portland? History Matters: valid point. My thanks to James Bissonnette.
Didn't the British use the term "Columbia District", not "Columbia Territory"?
I know all this but I still love watching these
I literally spend hours researching these questions out of personal interest and then History Matters makes a video. Almost every time I am researching a subject he makes a video about the same subject. Can he read my mind?
How many others wondering why Louisiana Purchase wasn't part of these deals. I was taught we bought everything to the Pacific and sent L& C expedition? (But I'm f.)
It reminded them too much of home
It's nice watching a channel answering questions you never knew you were asking
I like how much emphasis this video puts on the russian involvement and presence despite it being a bare footnote in history of both uk and usa and russia.
Imagine if the US had a land bridge to Alaska
The Treaty was so well defined it created everlasting peace. Fun Fact: No. It led to the Pig war. :D
So this is why Washingtonians, Oregonians, and Idahoans don't have decent healthcare.
One thing I don't understand is- since the U.S. defeated the British, why didn't they maintain Britain's defeat and later take all of the Oregon Country instead of demanding only part of the Oregon Country? The only thing that the U.S. did right was not taking 'no' for an answer. And I believe that the British decided to cede the land to the U.S. because the British were too weak to win a war in a land so far from the British mainland. And that the region was also too isolated for them to win a war against the U.S.. So I believe that the British agreed to split the Oregon Country with the U.S. in order to prevent a war that surely would have ended in complete victory for the U.S. and that the U.S. would have won all of the land of the Oregon Country. So with the British so weak in the Oregon Country, I'm surprised that the U.S. didn't demand all of it. Or at least not splitting the difference and drew the border much further south than where the U.S. at one point drew the border, far enough north that would have linked the future-State of Alaska directly with the rest of the States in the mainland. Not only that, but the border that far north would be the latitude of the entire border that now extends as far east as Lake Superior in the Great Lakes. If the border were perhaps 100 miles further north, ALL OF the Great Lakes would be entirely within the U.S. border, perhaps all the way to the Atlantic coast. Since the Oregon Country was founded before the eastern Provinces of Canada. The U.S. should have expanded however far into what is now Canada, before Canada beyond the Oregon Country was founded. Or at least take control of all of the land south of the St. Lawrence River. The St. Lawrence River and even Lake Ontario at least, were important shipping access. So I don't understand why prior to the Oregon Country being split, the U.S. didn't take control of the entire St Lawrence River, knowing that if it would extend entirely outside of the U.S., that would make U.S. shipping access between Lake Ontario and the Atlantic Ocean more complicating or challenging.
On the east coast most people are only dimly aware that Oregon is a state, so this is not a question we spend much time pondering. :)
This explains this better in 3 minutes than a washington state history class in 180+ hours
Because they would have lost it anyway.
and then the pig war
Explain baarle-hertog and baarle-naasau next! Or the weird borders of Belgium!
Kelley Moneymaker is HOTT!
699 comments, 700th. We're fully away from the "adjacent to school program" land and in the Reddit land
How could you make this video without mentioning the slogan "54 40 or fight!".  That's all I remembered about it.  54 40 being the upper northern boundary rather than the 49th parallel.
Great job as always, but with all of this mention of "claims", maybe mention the Nez Perce.
ayyyy it's my lands
Video ideas: why do Estonia and Latvia exist? Why does San Marino exist? Why does Lichtenstein exist? Why do Azerbaijan and Georgia exist? Why does Andorra exist? Why does Bahrain exist? Why does Qatar exist? Edit: I just searched and found out that he has already done a video on Andorra 😂
Is this why the Oregon Trail came about?
Do one about Trinidad and Tobago 🇹🇹
That was a great video
And once the US bought Alaska from Russia, Great Britain gave Canada its sovereignty a couple months later, since it had no interest in trying to stave off US advances. US would be far less aggressive against a neighboring country than GB.
Come on, the title needs to be "Why didn't Britain start a war for all of Oregon"?
and then, the Pig War over the San Juan's.
Good that nobody originally lived on those lands in the first place, eh? EH?
Imagine a west coast train that would go all the way up to Alaska
3:48 with or without his head?
Why did U.S give up British Columbia
Because it sucks.
Anytime Britain wants something in history: *muster’s the Royal Navy *
Great video of a part of history that is vastly understudied
Honestly, I bet if Britain went to war with the USA in the 1840s they would have been crushed on land.  Blockading would not have been as effective because America was mostly self-sustaining.
Why did James Bisonnette give money to Simple History?
Thumbnail is Washington, not Oregon
As an American, 54°40!!!
But the Americans kept coming and they don't stop coming, Hopped on their wagons and they won't stop running. Didn't make sense to share Oregon, When the Americans outnumber the Brits more than six to one.
And then there was the Pig War...
Point Roberts is a nice happy accident that gave us good deals.
We saw how woke Portland was getting and were like "you can have it".
Straight line??? Straight line!!!
Please make a video on the War of the Quadruple Alliance.
I hope you can do a video on the Adam-Onis treaty which you briefly mentioned in this video which ended up handing florida over to the US.
They out numbered the British Nearly 6 to 1 🎶🎶🎶
Fine you want a straight line? there there’s your straight line
How did non-European civilizations react to the French Revolution?
this seems really... OVERSIMPLIFIED
If Britain kept Oregon..it would have ended probably similar to Newfoundland..it would be a colony..become a dominion and maybe eventually merge with Canada.
Test: What is the population of Oregon History Matters: At least six Teacher: Well, he's not wrong.
How crazy would it be if we had a land corridor to Alaska lol.
The prequel to The Oregon Trail that had been hinted to me but never fully known!
USA: Britain, leave. UK: *mobilises royal navy* USA: Let's make a deal then..... UK: No, no, no it's all yours.... (*scared*)
I love that this channel has taught me more history than 2 years of World History in High School. The Aermica central outlook on history sucks because it means I always have to deep dive for anything not praising the government.
Because we only wanted it for ore to begin with
Hey was the Peak France mug like limited time or something?
0:33 *It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A.*
It's true, if you live in the area you'll notice that Washington State has an abundance of...well everything!  Vancouver and BC are mostly small valleys and mountains with less economic potential and limited spaces for development.  Americans definitely got a great deal, and it wouldn't be the last!  I'm looking at you Alaska Panhandle!
Thanks for why; (on this day in particular) I was born American and not British
Same strategy to gain control of Florida from Spain
Pig War next?
good old times
I love how the flag of Oregon says "dysentry" 💀
British and American talks about their future borders at the time:  British Diplomat: "Straight line?" U.S. Diplomat: "Straight line."
America: THE LINE SHOULD KEEP GOING STRAIGHT, BECAUSE WE ARE MANIFESTALLY DESTINED TO CLAIM THIS LAND  Britain:no we need this river so we can keep scalping beavers, listen how about we draw the border along the river that way we both have access to it  America:Huh, that seems like a completely fair compromise that protects the interests of both parties...     AND THERE'S NO WAY I'M EVER GOING TO AGREE TO IT
So are we going to see the sequel to this in the Pig War?
"So they gave them all this land"  *cries in Pig War*
Can we give Oregon back to Britain now? Please?
Very nice, I wish you would have mentioned Point Roberts though. Interesting border anomaly that resulted from the border being the 49th parallel.
and then to piss off the UK the US bought Alaska from Russia in an attempt to get the rest of Columbia,
Straight line? Straight line.
Informative with great humour, as always. 🙂
I love the "dysentery" on the Oregon flag. I see what you did there 0:01
The Village People reference in the Manifest Destiny bit has me dying! Go west “Young Man”😂😂
the British really leaned into the razor and blade model with the Americans ever since independence. Give them the land and sell them the domestic goods type beat
“That would be a completely reasonable compromise that benefits both parties, but THERE’S NO WAY I’D EVER AGREE TO IT!”
They are part of the US for now
Ah what better sweet deal than getting a state home to immense forests and various mythological creatures that could be real creeping about
I love how there is a little easter egg mention of the Free City of Krakow, basically the closest thing to a Polish state after the Napoleonic Wars. It did cease to exist around the same time as the British cession of Oregon in the Oregon Treaty in 1846. So props to History Matters on this reference.
Within 69,900 views!
Within 3 hours!
I had no idea that the parallel upon being agreed upon didn't originally extend the border all the way to the Pacific Ocean.
My great grandmother's uncle was Gustof Hines. He was one of the men with Jason Lee. My great granny's uncle Gus actually raised Jason's daughter after both Jason and her mom died
That pig ate those potatoes and was rightfully shot
james bissonette was the one who was behind the territorial dispute
Fifty-four forty or fight!
Because we told them to that’s why lol
Little did they know, the Royal Navy would come back to Oregon Country again after the killing of a British pig.
With the rein of progressivism so terrible in the American Northwest at this time, Would Britain re-consider? Please?
0:33 this is not the first Village People reference on this channel, and I am here for every one of them
They probably didn't want to be embarrassed by a former colony again.
Because the Americans keep coming and they don't stop coming. Hopped in their wagons and they hit the ground running. Didn't make sense to keep sharing Oregon, when they outnumbered the Brits more than six to one.
As a Washingtonian, FIFTY FOUR-FORTY or FIGHT!
Please do videos on the following subjects:  1. Why did the peoples revolutions of 1848 not work or fail in the German States and in Spain?  2. Why do people drive on different sides of the road in different countries?
Fun Fact about Oregon, there Beaches are Highways. They have been for 110 years.
Fascinatingly there are a lot of people where i live in Washington who would like to be part of British Columbia.
Because the Americans kept coming and they didn't stop coming, hoped in their wagons and they hit the ground running. Didn't make sense to keep sharing Oregon, since they outnumbered the Brits more than 6-1
and now canada gave up british columbia to china
Grew up in oregon and just assumed it was packedged in the kousiania purchass thats what we learned in elementry school. Thanks!
Fort St. James was the first capital of New Caledonia which became British Columbia after all the jockeying politicaly was finished
because oregon is the worst part of america, it's literally a cesspool of alt left extremism like antifa
It was easier to get rid of it than to run the A303 that much further west.
I live in oregon, thanks yall
As a British Columbian, the fact the British never pushed harder for the border to run down the length of the Columbian river (giving us Seattle and the remaining south Salish sea) has always frustrated me. That and not having Alaska
"Exactly nothing" - clean borders are priceless
US: Straight Line? GB: Straight Line
Finally a video about this 👀, very interesting
Big mistake. Beautiful region
I heard "Peel and" as "pee land." Is something wrong with me?
Thank you Britain for giving us Seattle a city I’d kill to move to and live in
Even without the land transfer I don’t think Spain was in much of a position to claim Oregon in 1819 anyway
The British Empire was a barbaric bandit kingdom. No better than Nazi Germany and the Soviets.
Loving the little touches on the state flags, especially "Dysentery" in the Oregon seal.
I was hoping for a Pig War joke in there somewhere, maybe i just missed it.
Britain are the masters of giving things up for nothing in return. They even gave up Ireland a country that was vital for British security in return for nothing.
Before the invasion of Mexico, there was a great deal of support for the US taking all of the Oregon/Columbia territory, hence Polk's winning election slogan "54-40 or fight" -- i.e., he wanted all of the coast up to Alaska or he would go to war.  So the partition was more a compromise than you imply -- Polk won the presidency by literally / actually threatening to go to war if Britain didn't give the US all of what today is British Columbia. The compromise split the territory in two and prevented that war.
Simple. Because it's Oregon 😁
Thank you for going so deep into part of the history of my Home State Of Oregon!  A lot of times I feel like we are usually an Overlooked State, But then theres videos like this that give us some spotlight that I apreciate every now and then.  Love From Shinchoku, And Oregon! ❤💛💚🖤⛩🗾🏯
I mean British were not the loser here, they both side win.  British did not accept ''all for nothing'', because James K. Polk was suppose to get everything up to the 54 parallel or he was going on war. He was too scared to get another free state against the slavery one. (He was a democrat)  British get everything they wanted: the right to navigate on the columbia river for free for his subjects, the good agreement with the United-States and the Peace. Check out the info on Canadian Encyclopia online treaty of Oregon 1848.
Ooooh so is that why it's British Columbia then, because the other bit is "American Columbia"?
More to the point, are they willing to take it back?
Murican history is zzz
As a Washingtonian, I’ve often wished Britain pressed their full claim, or at least pressed for a border along the Columbia river. Canada is clearly a better country to be in right now, and Washington’s diverse culture and natural beauty would be better protected under them… alas.
"54° 40' or fight" is still my creed.
“The Americans start coming and they don’t stop coming. Hopped in their wagons and they hit the ground running. Didn’t make sense to keep sharing Oregon, when the Americans outnumbered the Brits more than six to one.”          -Oversimplified
What a frustrating thumbnail
0:02 it just says dysentery on Oregon’s seal lol
The British folded too easily. After the Mexican war US will gain access to the Pacific via California and would likely be more flexible on Oregon. Also the discovery of gold in California would lead to smaller gold rushes in Oregon. The area proved economically valuable very quickly. If Peel stalled, Britain would likely get a better compromise in 5 years.
Why did Greece loose its monarchy ?
Too foggy down there… they just dropped Oregon and couldn't find it again
I'm surprised you didn't mention a popular American slogan for gaining the entire territory: "Fifty-Four Forty or fight!" This refers to the latitude of the Northern extent of this territory. As you mentioned though the compromise was at the 49th parallel. Well Vancouver Island was successfully thought through unfortunately Point Roberts was not, a peninsula mostly Canada with the tip being the US thanks to this unyielding of the parallel demarcation.
As an Oregonian I appreciate your pronunciation being correct.
Easy, noone likes bordergore
I haven't heard it called Vancouver Island in so long, locals just call it "The Island"
Still led to the Pig War in 1859 though.
Why did America give up the rest of Canada?
Canada and the US almost went to war over a pig, not far from where I live.
they dodged a bullet to be honest
54-40 or fight! Hello?
*clock ticking* Straight line? Straight line.
2:45 A pretty apt description of the British approach to the famine
Hmmm usa had little interest in Alaska then…. 2023 produced 500,000 American economy 🇺🇸
Britain should have gotten at least the lands north of the columbia river, but I think they should have gotten the whole thing, I don't think Canada should have it today though because I think Canada shouldn't exist, I think Quebec should be independent, Labrador and Newfoundland should be independent, the Northwest Territories and Nunavut should join up with Greenland to form Nunangat, an Inuit nation, and the rest should be part of the US
You can't cease Lands by flooding them with people who aren't even probably American yet!?  But they did! And they all speak the same language now and practically sound the same! 🤨
Super ironic. I dealt with the QE2 just before she died online. Now I figured out her ancestors gave Oregon to America.
As a Washingtonian I've always wondered why I'm not Canadian, thanks for filling me in
Because US and UK control of Oregon was nebulous at best, being a long way on the Pacific coast, the deal done not only established the future states on the US side, it also established UK and ultimately Canadian control on their side. There is an anomaly on the border that is technically US territory but too reach it requires a journey through the Canadian zone.
If Britain wants Portland or Seattle back, I’d be happy to give it to them
Did you just say the British strategy amounted to destroying the environment so no one could live there?
Oversimplified did a great video on this.
Did I catch a Villiage People cameo in there?  🤣
I was taught that Polk threatened war with Britain over Oregon, which then led to the partitioning of the territory to the borders we know today. Seemed like a rather short story, but this video added interesting context.
0:34 Am I trippin’, or is that Mr. Slave from South Park?
Can we give it back? Or at least Portland?
Because James bissonnette told them to.
love the video!
I really enjoy all of your posts. Thank you.
I wonder how this would have gone down if America had bought Alaska beforehand
Oversimplified had a great video about how we almost to war with the UK over the killing of a pig in the disputed territory
Seward on Alaska: “This is useless.”  Alaskan oil: “I’m about to ruin this whole man’s career.”
I think in the end the brits knew that they needed some kind of buffer between their lands and california... Now if only Oregon could have one.
54-40 or FIGHT!
Still waiting for Taboo season 2 …
This channel is almost uncanny in its ability to answer questions I've asked myself in passing when looking at a map or reading a book, but never actually exerting effort to learn the answer to.
Also interesting to note is that this is how British Columbia got its name.
Great Village People cameo.
Would rather Oregon for Quebec.. let's trade !
The long mysterious history of "why does the British state continuously, but slowly keep transferring power to the US state?" it's almost like it's a pattern
Though by resolving their mutual quarrels, Britain ultimately got the Anglo-American alliance, which proved invaluable to them in the 20th century. So I think it worked out for them in the long run.
British Columbia Gang
54 40 or FIGHT!
"There was nothing much of interest there"   LOL
Wow, what a peaceful agreement, I hope nobody starts fighting over pigs in that region.
This was probably the first sign of British decline. Imagine if war did happen. Talk about missed opportunities
Polk: we will take Oregon. Peele: you can't just do that! Polk: okay, what do you want for it? Peele: nothing. Polk: that wasn't so difficult.
I suppose Britain giving up any amount of land is always something that warrants and explanation.
Vancouver Island may not have Vancouver, but at least it has Nanaimo.
Meanwhile First Nations peoples be like 🫠
As someone who was born and raised in Oregon this was fascinating, thank you.
Although the border at the 49th parallel doesn't extend to Vancouver Island, it does go into the water a bit so there is a tiny chunk of the United States on a peninsula south of the city of Vancouver. It's called Point Roberts and it can only be reached by land from the US mainland by driving through Canada. If Google maps is up-to-date, there's not much there.
straight lines go *BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR*
1 hr later im here
wish one of them could have taken all of it so we could have a united (in borders) Cascadia. -an eastern Oregonian
Because the borders would look very ugly if one side got it all
If Canada had inherited Oregon and Washington state from Britain then we'd have a simple car ride to California. Plus we'd have warm dry weather year round in southern Oregon. Oh well.
In the case the US also bought British Columbia, would the americans eventually push and be able to build a train network that connected Alaska and the state of Washington?
Its like bullying on the internet, nothing you can do from a distance(goes both ways). Like grabbing a toy from a house 4 blocks down the road claiming its yours. Ignorant greedy vile creatures in the past and to this day.
Considering how messed up Oregon is now politically, I'd say Britain made out with the better deal
What??? A scenario between the British Empire and the US where they actually just shook on it instead of fighting and provoking one another? Amazing
"Since it's not like they had any interests there" You missed the perfect chance to have William Seward squint and hold a sign that said "Soon..."
Never miss a chance to slip the Village People in 😆😆
1:50 who would have known actually sending people to settle the land is more effective than just trying to ruin the land
2:10 "And the British basically gave in to all of America's demands." A precedent may have been set at this point. 🤣
Straight Line Straight Line
New deal.  UK take back Oregon and Washington and the US keep Idaho.
0:34 love that Village People reference
I always love the little figure waving with a big smile to another figure who just does not have time for them.
Man this video was actually a lot better then Oversimplified’s video explaining this
Now I want to see your take on the Pig War
As a British-Canadian AND British Columbian, WHY!
Wait.... He didn't mention San Juan and the pig !!!
It's simple, Britain knew that in order to colonize that area it would require countless long trips via covered wagon. This meant broken wagon wheels, wasted meat since at that time you could only carry 100 pounds of meat, and Dysentery, lots of Dysentery. The Crown wouldn't stand for it.
Oregon is so leftie that it might just want to come back to us
A chant we had in elementary school in the Puget sound area, 54 40 or fight. Long time ago
0:33 im curious about who are those 3, i think the eagle one might be a nazzi but the others idk
I swear James Bisonette & Kelly Moneymaker sold the lands to America !!!
Video idea: Why was Austria-hungary so bad at keeping theyr empire together?
Manifest destiny! One of these days we're going to liberate Canada.
Can we cede CHAZ back to Canada?
Британия сдала Орегон , что бы в нем, со временем, смогло завестись орегонское чмо.
And then of course, there was the whole "Pig War" event of the 1850s, because the treaty was vague about some tiny islands. Thanks Oversimplified
Basically both America and Britain wanted to focus on other thing and didn’t want a war with eachother so they agreed at the 49th parallel because it made everyone at least somewhat content
Reminds me of my State history courses in school.
Hope this didn’t cause any pigs to die or anything
Fiat Potatus, the great motto of Idaho
You should cover the pig war
The dispute over the San Juan Islands continued, sparking the Pig War. It wouldn't be settled until the 1870s.
I was going to say please do Alaska next but I see you did it 3 years ago! yay.
More stuff on the topic of British North America and the early US *Please
But even after the treaty Britain and America still The Pig War in the pacific northwest. (And no I didn't mean "big" I really meant pig).
Video idea: Why did France not retake Calais in 1453? If France could take Bordeaux which had been a part of England for 300 years, why not Calais which had been annexed in 1340? Why wait until 1558?
Just got done watching a clip of EastEnders so this cheered me up 😂
In short... "Straight line?" "Straight line."  Thank you, Oversimplified and the Pig War video.
Why does anyone?
Dont forget there was already people living there so it wasnt theirs to begin with
British Columbia then turned out to be a very sussy baka. They imposed a minimum wage law in 1925 with the explicit intent of pricing Japanese lumber workers out of jobs. They also put a prohibitive head tax on Chinese immigrants.
No mention of the pig 0/10
I believe Spain ceded Florida also, in 1819 (at 1:20).
All of Canada should be part of the united states.
I grew up in Washington State.   In school I took a Washington State history class.  You explained this situation a lot better than my Washington State history class ever did.  It only took you three and a half minutes.  Hahaha.
It’s pronounced “or uh gn”
As a idahoan, I am proud to be a american. Not proud that we gave land to wyoming and montana though.
Nice to see V.I. get an honourable mention on your channel!
Not pushing to 54.40 was a huge mistake.  I'd love to see the US having most of British Columbia.
History matters guy at this point you need to insert James Bissonette into the video. Comedic context.
the border should have been along the columbia river and I will always be salty about it.
As a resident of Vancouver Island, I can confirm We are not Vancouver
But the Americans keep coming and they don’t stop coming. Hopped in their wagons and they hit the ground running.
As a British Columbian, I am sure glad Britain didn't give in to handing over the entire territory. Glad I ended up on the right side of the border.
As someone born and raised in Oregon. Thank you for correctly pronouncing Oregon.
can we give Oregon back?
Running through a field of flowers with a sign saying Manifest Destiny in the background is about as American as apple pie.  The only way it could be more American is if the person was carrying a gun.
I remember it when this was 40 minute old
I wonder if the US would have still won the Mexican-American War if the British were also involved.
Damn bro call after a long and hard day I was just winding down in my room smoking some weed and watching YouTube and suddenly I see my favourite YouTuber has just put out anotherbanger video, man this made my night
0:43  "straight line? "straight line."
I wish we took over Canada
Of course, when doing this, the British and Americans forgot about Point Roberts.
And that, my child, is how oregano was used for making pizza in the UK
Oregon is my home state. BEAUTIFUL place, TERRIBLE politics.
They pissed off when it came to their sheep farmers on small islands in a straight between Oregon & Vancouver island too. They just pissed around for a few hundred years is essentially the answer. As we and they are all still doing the same now.
Pig War Pig War Pig War Pig War Pig War Pig War Pig War Pig War
I think, perhaps you could make a video of the decline of piracy, seems like an interesting topic. I know the golden age of piracy lasted until the mid 18th century, but where did the pirates go? It seems Piracy ceased to exist in the west African-coast, the Atlantic, the Carribbieans and the South-China sea almost simultaneously. It's not like there weren't anything valuable to plunder.
I love the mention of "Wishing the Free City of Kraków well"
I respect Polk.  Made promises, fulfilled them in one term, and didn't run for re-election.
0:29 that’s very polite nowadays
'Murica, fuck yeah!
Perfect opportunity to at least joke about the Pig War, maybe its own video?
I thought it was because porky ate Spuddy
In summary, it’s because the Americans are petty
I wonder if History matters in the UK has a southern accent.
Glad I don’t live in Canada
1:40 Oh I think five would be more than enough.
54.40 or fight.
They got dysentery alng the trail...
What do you mean the Brits didn't get anything for letting us have the PNW? They got our friendship. Isn't our friendship worth anything to you? Sure would be sad if you didn't want to be our FRIENDS....
Well they can have it back!
That last line is hilarious
Straight line?  Straight line.
Interesting detail on the Oregon flag at 0:01
I'm a little surprised you didn't make a reference to the Oregon Trail game.  I first played it on a dumb terminal connected to an IBM mainframe over a 400bps modem.  "Type 'BANG' to shoot" and "You have died of dysentery" were typical lines from this text only program.
The hype surrounding the Oregon trail makes much more sense now.
Ayyy Northwest represent
Because fifty-four forty or fight!
Because fifty-four forty or fight!
"Two front wars are not very fun." A roughed up Hitler holds up a sign, "You don't say!"
Guess they knew it was Oragone
The 1818 agreement setting the border along the 49th parallel compared to the drainage basins boundary that preceded it pretty much made handing over anything south of the 49th inevitable as once the logic for it had been set it would be difficult to argue for any other basis west of the Rocky Mountains continental divide. If, however, the original drainage basins boundary had remained intact in 1818, the division of the territory to the west would have been more interesting. The key place would be the triple divide peak in what is now Montana as east of there the drainage boundary would already exist - they'd have to decide where take the boundary next. The most straightforward boundary would be to just follow the water course off the west side of the peak through the Flathead and Pend Oreille river systems to the Columbia and ultimately the Pacific (so the northwestern 2/3rds of Washington State, the northernmost part of Idaho and part of northwestern Montana would be part of British Columbia).  An interesting side effect of such a change in boundary is that the US would possess a short sliver of land north of the 49th where the Pend Oreille makes its final loop before emptying into the Columbia just north of the 49th. For its part, when Canada got around to building a transcontinental railway the Crowsnest pass, which had been deemed to close to the US border for the first railway line, would now be safely far from the border and might have been used in preference to the Kicking Horse pass.
Happy Gilmore accomplished that feat no more than an hour ago
Village People joke. 10/10 😀
In which History Matters uses (in the description) the word *"condominium"* in a manner that will confuse nearly all Americans.
Europe always has been too kind to the USA
I have been wondering this question for years. I think Britain could have gotten a somewhat better deal if they had put in 2% more effort.
It's a shame they did, Canada would be even bigger 😃🇨🇦
Logistically it would be a nightmare to supply in a conflict. Either a lengthy voyage around the cape, or a long overland trek.
and plus the British didn’t want to die from dysentery 😉
So  basically Britain bribed the Russians so that the British can then hand over the land for free.
Truth is James Bissonette took Oregon from us and he won't give ot back no matter how much poutine we offer him 😢
The surveying of the 49th Parallel was not a perfect line.  There are two parts of the US that are only accessible through Canada:  One in Minnesota; the other in Washington State. It is interesting that  populations, especially in the Vancouver region -- are close to the 49th.  It's so that the US wouldn't attempt to claim it, even though the Spanish and the Russians lay claim too???
BUT THE PIG WARS
Oregon?More like OreGone.
First
Jeffersons ghost at 3:13 "I LOVE WHEN A PLAN COMES TOGETHER"
In class, the way the (elementary) teachers taught this event implied that there was much more formal agreement that prompted the Oregon trail, an outright competition to get settlers to the land to decide who got it. I couldn't find anything when I looked it up later, so between that and it being elementary school, I gathered that they changed a few details to tell a story more suitable for kids my age.
They had a feeling it’d get overrun by wokie trash
Soon, Alberta. Soon 😈
“Straight line?”  “Straight line.”
Maybe if they had better surveyors, Point Roberts wouldn't have happened.
Straight line? Straight line.
here's a good question, when did Moldavians become Moldovans and why?
According to certain experts, James K. Polk is the inspiration for the dance ‘Hokey Polkey’
nice to see a history matters video the first day of my summer break
Could you please explain why the Federal Republic Of Central America (FRCA) dissolved?  Counting that nowdays the people in the former territory of the federation seem pretty positive with the idea of unification, and the president of El Salvador has shown interest in the topic, why didn't the federation succeded?
@0:09 The Russians also had a colony at Fort Ross in California all the way until 1842. Officially it was part of Russian America (Alaska), and under their flag Aleut whalers established seasonal settlements on the Channel Islands off Los Angeles (where their diseases wiped out the local Kizh islanders).
They didnt want to die of dysentery
How would history have been different if the British never gave up Oregon?
As a Canadian, I am rather annoyed at the way the UK failed to safeguard Canadian interests on the Pacific coast.   As the video correctly points out, we handed over the Oregon Territory in exchange for nothing.   We should have got something in terms of a territorial settlement instead of nothing.  And during the Crimean War, some Royal Navy officer should have got off his fat arse and conquered Alaska.    There should be a lot more of Canada on the Pacific coast.
Can you do a video on why the United States didn’t get involved in the French Revolutionary & the Napoleonic Wars 1789-1815? That’ll be interesting to see since this issue affects 4 US Presidents during this time.
❤❤❤
I guess war is always an option.
I’ve never noticed Graham Island on maps before. Feels like a Mandela Effect moment in my life, so thanks for that
Yay! American history episode!
"Straight line?" "Straight line."
2:02 the statement wasn't (and isn't) wrong
Oh my my state actually got mentioned on the internet
I would move to Vancouver if they had a MLB team. But some say I could easily stay a Blue Jays fan and move to Vancouver. All I would need to do is drive down to Seattle for a game.
And then a discrepancy was detected a pig got shot and America and the UK almost went to war over a few small islands
Gotta love Polk, he yoinked half of Oregon AND chopped Mexico in half
Video idea for you  why doesn't Russia attack the us from the northwest Yes it's colder but it's closer Interesting convo
They didn't "give up" those lands.   They were just land that they claim.   You have to have a population there to possess it.
You can have Oregon back if you want, Britain. It’s now about 90% homeless people.
Once James Bissonette stops supporting HM, the world will collapse
If the UK got Idaho I wonder if Ireland would’ve gotten some of their potatoes 🥔
"The Americans kept coming, And they didn't stop coming. Hopped in their wagons and they hit the ground running. Didn't make sense to keep sharing Oregon When the Americans outnumbered them six to one."
This was incredibly informative. The U.S. gaining ownership over the Northwestern Oregon territories kind of always got glossed over in school or packaged together alongside the U.S. gaining California and most of the Western territories in the Mexican-American War.  Spain and Russia claiming ownership of it, despite hardly being able to defend the claim, is also hilarious. Kind of crazy that the British didn't at least get a monetary payout for the land, but the Russians did.
short answer: the US was going through a drunk and punchy phase
Once again we get a "If u didn't know now u know" vid we never knew we needed
These videos are so good on teaching history quickly ive learned so many things from these videos
Do they want it back?
Stunning!  I tell people thatThe American North West is their best kept secret .. it is so beautiful.
“In return the Americans sent people. Lots of people” Sign: “At least six” Wow. That’s a lot of people
This video could have also been titled as "Why did the US give up British Columbia?"
It simply wasn't a stone.
Useless land? Did West of the Cascades and most of Washington pass them by? Huge trapping, logging, and arable land there,
Hi.
Why didnt James Bisonette sell those lands to Hawaii?
You speak too fast for so much details can you do this video again. Just slow down what is the rush?
Luckily, no war broke out over Oregon, but there was one incident with a pig.
Why did Britain give up Oregon? Something about a pig I hear.
Best decision Britain ever made
Actually due to the current state of Portland,Or the US is thinking about giving it away to anyone😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 The Taliban has already turned down the offer, it's too dangerous for them 😬
your animations always crack me up!! its nice to learn so much while not falling asleep.
I would start a war with US if I were a prime minister, then.
I like that he put in effort for Washington's flag but non on Idaho.
I am an Oregonian and I never new this.
Considering how terrible Oregon & Washington politics have become, it's too bad that Britain didn't keep the territory.
Good video idea: What was the Nootka Crisis?
This all led to the pig war
Most likely Kelly Moneymaker made an agreement with James Bissonette.
Dear England,       Maybe try calming down.                              All our love,                                 -Murica  😂😂😂
Also Jeffrey Epstein and John McAfee didn't kill themselves
why did Britain give up Oregon?  ANSWER: because its Oregon  ps. I like Oregon really. it actually looks like my kind of state if I would live in USA. my type of climate and nature 😂
So what happened to the people left that weren't citizens of the side they were in?
Nice, I’m from Oregon myself and have always wondered this.
It's a damn shame America didn't end up with the whole West Coast from Baja to the North pole.
Makes you wonder what if the US had the forethought to buy Alaska first before negotiations for Oregon. Canada without a West coast may have been on the table. I doubt the British really had a stomach for a round 3.
I just rewatched Oversimplifieds coverage of this incident with the Pig War thats funny
I love oregon
Babe wake up, History Matters uploaded
Why did the RuZZkies care? They sold Alaska later anyway
Next question: who is James Bissonate
Bruh it says there is zero comments and no views 😑 why is YouTube always drunk 🤦‍♂️
It be interesting to see what would have been if the British won in War of 1812 and made America a dominon like Canada Australia etc.  That being said, I don't see them not giving up Oregon to the USA. It just makes sense to have it as it is.  Also, a 3rd war? Please...
10 minute club 👇
They gave America Oregon because James Bisonette asked nicely
Go weeeeest in the open air. Go weeest where the skies are blue... Go weeeeeest
Because Oregon comes from Oregano and Britain does not use spices in their food
The unofficial slogan for this channel should be “And if you didn’t know, now you know.”
James Bissonette was a talented negotiator and made a very good offer to the UK.
Straight line
3:21 james bisonette timestamp
Because they knew via crystal ball those states would become…cliques of a certain political view
There is no bigger example of the damages being high on copium does than Spain pretending that had any ability to claim territory in North America in the nineteenth century.
I love how Napoleon has become the new James Bissonette of these videos XD
“You took all my access to the pacific, now I am going to starve”
I saw this as soon as it was posted awesome
James Bisonette is a very generous donor
In fairness, the United States also gave up the northern part of Oregon, had they kept that up until today the lower 48 states would border Alaska (or get extremely close to bordering Alaska).
Woah 😊
first. give me coockie
James Bissonates give financial aid to the British after they lost oregon
Do a video on the Kingdom of Finland (1918) and why it failed and Finland became a republic
Make Oregon British again!
Nice video King
James Bisonette is at it again
mb
Hello
Because we are British
Because James bissonette told them to
James bissonette made an offer they couldn't refuse.
And thus the Oregon trails was born.
Dawg my balls ar blue could you give some advice
First
It was nice of Britain to be an Oregon donor to the United States.
Peak History Matters 😆
never been this fast
My face lit up when I saw the notification
Wasnt it because of the war on the island?
it's mine actually
First!
This is so good and im first and youre good at these videos
First
Dang it I’m third
Hi
First.
