Thanks for watching. If you want to support what we're doing, the best way is by signing up as a supporter over on our website: https://www.thisweekinvideogames.com
"We all owe this person an apology" 😂😂😂
What a dogshit game
This game hurts me and my friend so much because we are both huge fans of Arkane Studios, him being a huge lover of Prey and me being an absolute fanatic of Dishonored, so this game just makes me and him absolutely saddened and furious that Arkane was essentially forced to make this game that also caused them to go out of business. RIP Arkane, you deserved SO much better than this.
i was re-playing Fallout4 while listening to this, and its just another example added to the litany of not just poorly, but seemingly maliciously poorly made games. ive come to the conclusion that game developers have used analysts to determine the point where a game IP development cost to investment ration is most profitable & what is happening is developers start making a game, it could be good even, but they approach the 'its no longer profitable' point and are forced to just end the project as is, leaving a broken husk of a IP. its why you will often see a glimmer of something in the bad game, like it started with good ideas, but the person who had them was removed from the project. they release the junk & you might think 'junk isnt profitable', and you'd be right with most things, but not games. as long as gamers buy it, and dont refund it, it can be profitable, especially if they keep investments low. leading to where we are now, a low effort low outcome game industry.
Some real iPad baby attention-span vibes right here.
We owe IGN nothing
I can understand Microsoft thinking this is arcane Austin they won’t let us down so it must have been completely hands off
Arcanes fall off was so sad for me.
18:15 enemy named "Miss Whisper Cultist", stands there repeatedly missing you and speaking too quietly. This is the kind of subtle ludonarrative harmony I come to immersive sims like Redfall for.
When I saw the trailer for Redfall, I thought it was going to be about a group of misfits defending their hometown from a vampire overlord and his army. That would have been better than what we actually got.
From day zero of this game's development, I understood that this product would be a slop show.  I do not understand how one could have at any point thought otherwise.
This game was just a scam. It’s a clearly unfinished game that was launched so they could not be sued
10:52 I KNEW that this stealth animation would look like shit, but nothing could prepare me for THAT 🤣
Like Ralph but this review is rife with inaccuracies and it’s clear the negative shitstorm affected his opinions
He bitches about the stills and lack of cutscenes, but the stills reflect your characters appearance and the different characters say different things
The game lowkey good now, too bad they nuked Austin
Playing FPSs with a controller... sounds like a skill issue
I'll never use another piece of steelseries gear due to a bad experience
I recall seeing Redfall ads in Facebook showcasing the weapon skins that you can get if you preorder, as if it's the main selling point of the game. I knew right then and there that this game will crash and burn.
''whether we wanted it or not'' still gets me everytime
3:40 isnt he a little bit to short? LOL:
Another amazing example: A game done during the golden age of wokeness. Of course, everything woke goes to shit = 100% of times. Done and done. True. as you can see... Poor Arkane, previously a very good company, but now infected with DEI hires with no competence... just hired for the color of skin and LGBTQ tastes..
Watching the end of this video 2 years later is like watching Ralph discover his ability to see into the future
Going from replaying Prey and watching a bunch of videos on it, to checking this video out and being reminded of what Arkane's most recent outing was like is some kinda whiplash. The hell happened? This doesn't even look like it's made by the same company lol.  I really hope they pull it together because man, I want the Dishonored era of Arkane back, I want the Prey era of Arkane back, Dark Messiah, whatever, they used to make absolutely killer games.
God he already sounds are so dejected and defeated at the very start lol  He may as well have started off with "hello. Today I'm going to jump off a bridge" and it would have had the same tone
Is anyone else nostalgic for the Redfall catastrophe era? It was a very entertaining month
Great now I wanna play destiny
AUSTRALIA MENTIONED!!!!
When I’m feeling down sometimes I come back here and then everything is all better again.
Rewatching this video May 31st 2025 and it's still a masterpiece.
I remember calling this game a "Fornite expansion" when I saw the reveal trailer. I would like to apologise for that because Fortnite would've done a waaay waay better job.
Arkane didnt give a fuck about this shit game, and i dont blame them...probably phil spencers stupid ass idea
When i saw a proudly diverse cast of main characters, i knew this game would be relying on the "identity" profit boost. Developers who know they have made a terrible product can usually rely on splashing some "pride" in the characters and if you criticize the game, they can just say youre a bigot.
Sometimes, when I need a good laugh, I rewatch this review
Crazy to think that next to The Day Before this game is Shakespearean
The way you use a chair in this game is Jackie Chan levels of wtf?!? 😂
damn, just missed the 2 year anniversary of this
If I were to think of the best way to sell your average gamer kn some vampire survival shooter game, the most obvious choice would be a sassy black woman with an afro. It makes as the most obvious and interesting choice given the cross over with gamers and wendy williams fans.
“Jedi: Survivor will get patched” sure didn’t age well, seeing as how the PC port is still mega borked to this day
glad you stopped saying “Hey Gamerz” twas cringe. made me skip the first 10 seconds every time.
It’s hard not to believe this game was a purposeful scam
Man, how bad is this game that we refer to GoW Ragnarock as a good game?
Coming up on the 1 year anniversary of this classic
I still can’t fathom how it’s legal for this game to be available for purchase, now in 2025. It hasn’t improved one iota.
Shame. The idea of this game is really freaking cool. Could have been a great game.
Weird to rewatch this a year later when we know this Arkane studio was closed shortly after and Starfield launched to massive disappointment.
I'll pick the game up on a sale in the future. I don't play a lot of VR, but recently I bought Progation: Paradise Hotel, Horizon: Call of the Mountain, The Walking Dead: Saints and Sinners, and Red Matter 2 on PlayStation. Which has been amazing so far! Plus, there's a few flat-screen games, like Resident Evil 4 - Remake and Hitman: World of Assassination that I need to eventually try out in VR mode.
1:40 tbh I don't mind the nonanimated cutscenes. Full animation isn't needed to tell a good story.   The problem is, this wasn't a good story.
So funny. Love this approach and these observations. Lol.
Will Jedi Survivor get patched and fixed? I am starting to think not
The same people who made Prey. What the fuck happened
It's funny how many enemies in games get countered with walking backwards and to the left. It works for me even in Lethal Company
I was going to get an Xbox to play this. Mmm
How fucked is the corporate wing of these studios that they got Hafor Björnsson struggling to life a water bottle, how did they manage to hamstring so much talent
"Every door needs a key" the slient hill 2 team took the idea a little too far... every door needs a key a broken clock arm and a noose.
had no idea who arkane was. during the prey intro clip i whispered _"no not prey not prey not prey D:"_ like i was learning a family member had committed felonies. 🥺
When you fire all the animators:
Honestly the amount of times a video game reviewer has been shat on and insulted because of real problems with the game itself is insane
Mtg needs to be rescued from wotc
REDFALL Is awesome 👊🏽
What die you expect from arcane
Microsoft is where studios go to die
What game's intro is shown @ 1:33 ?
This game is a manifestation of the modern day game industry and the people who are running it.
Also im going to honest, if im playing a video game, id rather be staring at a women's behind...thats just me
haha that starfield warning at the end
Fuck Microsoft. Fuck this industry. Prey was great. Game developers deserve better than this.
Someone just told me this game failed because it went "woke."
I thought you new generation people weren’t supposed to trash other people’s artistic tastes. Also Xbox controller? Well there’s your problem.
My favorite part of this game is someone thought it was worth $70.
I love how the guys with the spotlight eyes that are supposed to be really good at seeing you are actually significantly worse at seeing you than the grunts
The intense stealth kill animation caught me off guard haha
No saving it is an understatement, they got closed down
Starfield has similar vibes to this.....Zzz....zZz....
I agree with everything here except 27:09.  Do NOT give Microsoft the leeway to cancel titles from publishers they own. Those things should be left to the devs. It is likely that something between Arkane and Bethsoft or Arkane and Microsoft are the reason for this failure. Arkane has such a sterling track record that this would've never been allowed if they were left to their own devices.
I just found this channel from the Veilguard and Saint's Row reviews.  You got my sub for your ability to hate accurately.
THE ROOK?!? DRAGON AGE NO
here i am a year later, bc i truly can't get over this.  Is there any hope? has a developer ever 180 once they've gone to crud like this? maybe CDPR with the Cyberpunk updates but that game wasn't ever in a state like this
Well its ign fault ... no one trust or uses thier reviews ... the same company who hates video games the writer's hate video games ..same people cant beat a starting stage that ign .. no ign is just bad period .. they went from a place to trust to nothing more than a agenda news source ... on the same level as local news !!!  The sooner they fold the better and maybe we can get more 90s ealry 2000s review companies!!
You can't tell me the people who made Dishonored made this game. This looks horrible. I can't believe people play this game
Never apologize to ign there liars fake gamers bunch woke s cu. Plus ign jurno was shit at the game as must be if making excuses like simple switch guns
the starfield comment was prophetic.
I had hopes before launch this might be a decent coop shooter, something to play with friends for afew missions, shoot some vampires, collect some loot but there's nothing redeemable here and the little they tried.. well, at least this got put to the pasture pretty fast but it doesn't fill me with hope going forward cos when they start hyping up whatever comes next, washing away the stench of this.. turd will be exceedingly difficult.
I streamed a let’s play of this game a few months ago and I can’t definitely say that you can’t go 30 seconds without running into enemies now but I know that’s a too little too late situation.   The game is still subpar regardless
"jedi survivor will get patched"  😬😬😬😬
I didn't think there was a game as bad as the day before...but here we are...
Looks fabulous compared to the creatively bankrupt stuff of 2024.  All the talent is gone.  Gone.  Bye bye talent.
To this day, Prey is still the best game I've played since it released. I'm very sad. :(
As far as I understood it: The guys at Arkane didn't want to make this game, since they aren't very keen on making life service games.
This game should just have been just left 4 dead but with vampires.
“You could replace all of these characters with McDonald’s self-service kiosks & little of value would have been lost.”  😂 SkillUp you gave Bethesda ideas for Starfield! 😅  The radiant (repeatable) quests in Starfield are all given via ‘mission board’ self service kiosks instead of NPC’s! 😭
I can't believe I'm saying this, but Star Stable is more enjoyable and more finished than this game. And it's free. It's like 15$ to keep premium forever. Insane what Arkane has done to themselves.
Arkane didnt want to make this the live service turd they were forced to (as most ppl know by now).  Sometimes I see ppl defending this game and I really have to wonder what kind of trash they play that this made the cut as a quality experience
What a tragic end to such an amazing game studio.
to be fair prey did everything right and no one played it so :(
25:54 "Jedi Survivor will get patched" Perhaps the most unfortunate choice of game possible as an example  Choosing to not fix the horrid PC performance on their big blockbuster title is a move only EA could make though. Hard to predict idiots after all.
Dont play the game with controllers
This game must've gotten some damn good updates. I haven't been able to walk five feet without getting into a firefight
If you haven't told me it was arcane I woulda said ubisoft, is that bad?
At least in far cry, the alarm boxes and amounts are different, sometimes there’s a boat, other times there’s a Helo
I’m a simple man. I see skillup is gonna dunk on a game, I click play
I would now like to talk to you about Redfall's future: It has none. Arkane Austin has been closed, and all of Redfall's future content has been canceled.
This game was a perfect example of how these game studios, no matter how big, need lots of time to work on a game and make it good. Give these dev studios 4-5 years AT LEAST to develop a game and make it be feel real. We don’t need an empty and rushed out game just so the studio and publisher can make a quick buck.
i'm a year late but  so this is just what dead rising 4 is to the rest of the series but as a stand alone FPS
The trashfire that killed Arkane Austin. Absolutely tragic.
"Jedi Survivor will be patched" that didn't age well^^
God I loved Prey.
I actually don't mind the cut scenes. I actually like them. The rest of the game is trash but the cut scenes are totally acceptable
The long press actually dates back to Medal of Honor warfighter lol
Roughly a year later Arkane Austin is shut down with no further development of this game
We're at the logical end of infinite growth for companies and their investors. These groups can only cut costs, fire so many employees, and increase charges - nickel and diming the average consumer - so much before the entire thing collapses in on itself. This isnt just the trend for video games and their development, this is happening in every aspect of our lives.
If it’s got a black woman on the cover, don’t buy the game.
SteelSeries: "No, we had NOTHING to do with Bully Hunters! We were innocent bystanders, I swear!" Never forget bad marketing, guys.
Post-it notes should be flavour text. Environmental storytelling. Not basic story.
And now not only is Redfall dead, but Arkane as well. Though as we've seen making even a successful game can't save a studio. RIP Tango Gameworks.
What game is that @1:37?
70% of the staff that worked on this game left after or during production. How many of the original team who made Dishonored, or Prey left during Deathloop? Id gess enough to change the fabric of this studio. Then cut that number thats left by 70%. No reason to feel sad. The studio died a long time ago. We just didnt know it at the time
Well, this aged... uh, good lol.  Very prescient.
rip arkane
I’m sorry but when ppl try to tell me games NEED to cost $70 and they push out THIS CRAP….. I’m starting to think most of the budget got pocketed
Dishonoured is probably the game with the biggest impact on shaping my brain. To this day when prepping ttrpgs I think of dishonoured and methods of approach to reward players. The fact that we lost arcane Austin due to this trash that got pushed for by leadership that ignored the strengths and wishes of game makers is a profound tragedy. Wishing the best for all artists who were affected by this.
Got an rtx 4060, is this playable in 60 fps in 2024??? 1080p
Am I the only one that enjoys bad game reviews more then good ones?? 😂
What a sad end to an incredible streak by Arkane Austin. Thank you for Dishonoured, and Prey. You will be missed
RIP Arkane Austin.
It's tough re-watching this video after the news from Microsoft about several studios this week...
Here after the death of Arkane. Even as bad as Redfall was, it still doesn't feel like the studios only dud should've ended them like this.
Sad that this is the last game that Arcane will release.
Man, imagine what this game could have been. But with issues that fundamental, there's no way Austin could have cyberpunked their way out of there, so honestly I can't even blame Bethesda for stopping development. Still sad for the employees tho that they had to nuke the entire studio.
R.I.P Arkane Austin 🪦
And now the game and studio is dead, no big surprise
26:09 oh look, one year later they did exactly that LMAOOO.
Such an EXCELLENT review! :D
that clicking noise is fucking annoying!!!! remove it!!!
It’s actually too bad the concept is cool. I do want a vampire hunting game with a cool stylized environment. I really really like the assets I like the idea of using them in a different game. I like the idea of this game but start it over and fix everything.
The fact that you thought Microsoft would correct them and not encourage them is hilarious
They are gonna ruin the BLADE game fr sure lol
There are good games. There are bad games. *BOTH CAN BE ENTERTAINING!!!*  Ride to Hell ~ is a masterpiece! I laughed so hard it hurt... and a friend with me.  This game does the one offense you cannot let slide *its BORING* ... thats literally the opposite of what games are made for! being ENTERTAINING!
1:20 its a still movie!  ...   as in: people stand still :p
After this I was really looking forward to Shill Up's review of Starfield and then it didn't happen. 😪
And star field turn out to be a garbage
I actually feel bad that Arcane studios had to make this. I'm not a huge fan of their games, they're just not typically my cup of tea, but I can see clear as day that they put allot of love and allot of effort into their games. They really care and try really hard to create great immersive sims. That's why you can tell that this was not a game that anyone at Arcane actually wanted to make (besides the suits). There is so little love and passion in this game, and it's world, that it's kind of sad. And it sucks a because the concept of this game is really cool, but the studio heads should have let the devs make the game in their own vision, not some dumb trend chasing vision.
17:53 - Not even exaggerating, I started laughing so hard, I couldn't bloody breathe!! 🤣😆  Been watching all of this broken gameplay with my mouth agape at the ridiculous amount of jank, and when that enemy vampire was stuck, jittering and ineffectually swiping at you from behind an office chair, and growled "stop me if you can"....well, that was it. I've just recovered enough to wipe the tears of laughter and type this comment but OMFG that was probably the best bit of unintentional comedy I've seen in ages!! If nothing else, I'm grateful this game was made just for that scene! 🤣
the NPCs look so small when you're talking to them (3:30)
Laughed way too hard at the “stealth kill”😂
I'll say I somewhat recently played the game for like 10 hours on my own...eh..get some friends and it could be good. Otherwise it's really not that great at all.  Though I'll say the non animated cutscenes were a fresh expirence at least. I scant say just how much I loved the cinema being used as a cutscene
The trailer was amazing but damn is it bad. Reminds me of Telltales early games...
Ah, the hope one still had for Starfield. Such nostalgia.
So right about starfield
I was hoping this game was going to a mix of Left 4 Dead and Dishonoured in a Vampire setting
Deathloop was the worst "AAA" video game ive ever played so im not surprised
22:24 self sabotaging game design?
Chair
Love how it's a vampire game but none of the skills give you bonuses against vampires
Small side note (and really not important): Deus Ex is frequently cited as the immersive sim grandfather of hurdles that you *at least* have to clear, but while it is the most well-known next to System Shock 2, the grandfathering more belongs to System Shock 1 or, if we're being honest, Ultima Underworld back in 1992 which showed the design elements that like you quote defined the approach to immersive sims.
Compared to the day before this game is gold
The starfield prediction was right on.
This is now the 4th game I was really excited about, but utterly disappointed me. (Gotham Knights, The Day Before, Red Fall and Suicide Squad KTJL).  What the hell guys?  All 4 titles had such potential, especially the ones from the bigger studios.  There's absolutely no reason RF, KTJL, and GK should have been as bad as they were.
1 minute in and you already sound like a complete buffoon.
Has it improved?
It seriously bothers me how many fps games haven’t adopted destiny style tap Y or triangle to change weapons, double tap button of controller choice to go to your third. Destiny absolutely nailed that on controller, to the point that halo hasn’t adopted that for controller under 343. Bungie knows controller shooters maybe learn from them. That’s not just redfall, I’m calling out almost all modern shooters. Why has this not caught on?
You were too right about Starfield
Hoooooo-lee crap, that glitch of the vampire sucking that dude's...uhh....sucking that dude's "blood" is priceless. So priceless that I'm kind of marveling at the confluence of events it needed to happen.   I mean, the dude getting sucked had his arms spread wide in a T-pose. The blood is spurting at just the right spot. Lucky Dude is facing away from the camera, obviously ashamed of what he is doing. It just all seems almost too perfect, like it was designed instead of manifested.   Honestly, kind of a once-in-a-lifetime glitch. Thank you Redfall for this moment.
What ever happened to games that were just released in their entirety? No live service, no gamepass, no lootbox, just take the game and enjoy while we work on the next blockbuster, something like that would be nice every once in a while, please and thank you.
I just checked the Steam page. This game is $90 Canadian. Or $127 for the special edition. Seems good.
realy hope they can fix this game it looks so good like i realy want to love it
ok, so it is this bad, jesus 😒
25:38 Step 4, I dunno game crashes or something ? Haha
13:15 The sound effects. Haha
22:45 I can think of better ways to add an upgrade to the bird without ruining the stealth element off the top of my head , literally 2 minutes of thought . There are so many tried and true stealth abilities and they destroyed the main ability of the class with the first upgrade , how does that get through to full release ! It’s like they went in to a 1st grade class and had them do some sort of hopped up on sugar think tank and just rolled with it . I know the whole game is pretty flawed but for some reason this part just floored me.
Bro how come a games (like L4D2) that is 1 or 2 decade ago made a game with more realistic AI than a game that has more future tech
i feel like this game had good concept, poor execution and DEFINITELY poor management. overall, i feel that if this game was properly organised and well executed, it would probably have been great just like the others.
Ngl upset I’m  8 months late cause I love the arctis series headset and their wireless mouse lol wish I got that deal
Even Fallout 76’s aiming is better than Redfall’s. And that game leaves much to be desired speaking from someone who platinum trophied the entire game. I.E. me.
23:17 you know what other game did this idea? The darkness 2 in the multiplayer section, and it worked so god damn well.
21:32 so true
Man, when I first saw Redfall, I thought it was going to be a Vermintide/L4D-like game but with vampires. The reality is far lamer than I thought.
When he showed the bit about the watchers i could clearly hear the voices from dishonered when you use the blink power
s-o far all these 70 dollar games are proving to us that they havent earned enough credit to sell them at that price. how many 70 dollar games this past year were trash and or didnt work. callisto, redfall, jedi survivor to name afew
My perfect example of how an immersive sim works: You have to cross a river, over the river spans a bridge, but there are three orcs that want a toll.  - You can fight them  - You can simply pay them   - You can use your strong physique to intimidate them  - You can use your charisma to convince them to let you pass  - You can use your bartering skills to lower the toll  - You can use your crafting and engineering skills to build a raft to cross the river  - You can use your magic to put them to sleep  - You can wait for night and sneak past them  - You can use the fact that you helped their chief last week and they let you pass because you are a friend of their tribe  - You can use alcohol to get them drunk  - You can use bardic music to charm them  - You can use your superhuman endurance and just swim over  - You can jump over the river  - You can use frost magic to freeze the river and walk over the ice  - You can show them a writ from the king that you are on a super important quest, and they let you pass, because the goal of that quest is in their best interest  The challenge is not "defeat the orcs to cross the river" The challenge is "find a way to cross the river"
This is what happens when Microsoft takes over. Developers become depressed and give up 😂
Just like what they did to Rare, Microsoft and Xbox will Buttfuck every studio they buy out. With the first bad Xbox Series X Exclusive being Crossfire X I just knew from that point we are gonna experience another decade of disappointment.
I love Arkane so much, and seeing this is heartbreaking. Imagine if they had the chance to make a single-player RPG in the Vampire the Masquarade universe!  Bethesda/Microsoft really need to humble themselves because things are not going in a great direction and it's not an accident. I'm a huge fan of the Fallout, TES and Dishonored series and I loved Deathloop too (despite its game-breaking menu bug) but I can now safely say that I have little to no trust in whatever they will release next. I felt this way even before Starfield came out. I'm out of hope and good faith, they will have to earn it back.
11:00 - that was fucking hilarious xD xD
I’ve been playing Prey on my deck, so decided to watch this video since I never played this steaming heap. Hard to believe this is the same studio. I’ll bet it could have been a great game had the powers that be not insisted it be a live service money grab.
I'm glad Redfall has learned from the Serious Sam "walk backwards and strafe" formula. Even if their aim assistance is lacking. You know, something The Next Encounter did in 2004.  A hard disappointment and a hard pass to say the least. I'll just stick to waiting for State of Decay 3 and Fallout: London.
I still cannot believe that Arkane, one of my favorite video game companies who has released exclusively bangers with unrivaled creativity put into them, somehow made THIS.
Vampire gods: Shit, we can't beat this guy - he knows how to climb. Maybe we should give our enforcer a gun ... or teach him how to climb too.
You should have to join a seminar on what an "open world game" _is_ and _means_ before you're allowed to make an open world game.
And where is my massive budget vampire women
This was obviously built as a mobile game but someone changed thier mind a week before release. All the mechanics or lack thereof, lack of animations, lack of pause, dumb numbers when you shoot an opp... all of those are mobile game traits.
Harvey, blink twice if you’re being held hostage. This cannot be the team that made Dishonored in a cave with a box of scraps. Absolute shame.
The game experience i had with REDFALL was nowhere close as bad as what this hate review try to paint it. Crying over animations and notes (which had no related achievement) is ok i guess... But at the same time... this did not prevent me and the other XBOX GAME PASS people i carried to enjoy playing hours of it... using mods on this game made it even better and easier. Even the controller review was trolling... never had any issues with controls... this is fake news.
The only narrative Bethesda can implement is the one for pre-game marketing hype!   🖕 Bethesda. Lazy. Uncreative.
Like just for having a Halo wallpaper on your Xbox ❤
The game is fun with friends screwing around but i can say that about a ton of games better than this. Yeah I was disappointed in this game
15:15 I hate when games do this. Side missions should be a little detour you can take if you don't feel like doing a main mission for some reason, giving you extra lore or resources, things like that. If you're gonna force me to do them to play the main missions, then why not putting them as main missions on the first place?
And guess who's making a Blade game now?
For the controls I played this garbage fire at launch, you can fix the controller aiming more or less. There's still no real aim assist but it's not a big deal. The game basically has mouse acceleration but for controllers, you have to turn that crap off and everything is fine. It's just not marked well or explained properly in the settings.
"We should be worried about Starfield" Boy, did you see the future.
"Shit happens".
Arkane hasn't made a good game since Dishonored 1
greatly enjoyed this game, I think these criticisms are VERY overly nitpicky. you're talking about redfall in the same way you're talking about the day before, which is ridiculous.
Gamer from the future: STARFIELD SUCKS
It’s not that bad, have some respect for the developers
lol at the startfield comment at the end
i would now like to make comment on this video about Redfall: lol.
comment
Arkane needs to make a Deus Ex inspired game to save the company. How embarrassing that they lose one guy and can't make a good game anymore...
as logn as u guys keep buying shit products from shit companies they'll keep making shit. Compare preys sales with those of shitloop and the Outer Shit. Stop buying things just because people telling you it's worth. Go crack a demo and decide for yourself.
Redfall sounded really awesome before it came out. How did this even happen?
'' I am definitely very very worried about what we can expect from Starfield and I think everybody else should be as well''. You got that right, kiddo
The title is so good!
holy shit they can't even spell electrocute? electricute isn't a word jesus christ any spellcheck would have seen that.
So did they fix this game with updates at all?
This is corporatism at its finest, artists need time to produce a proper product.
29:27 prophetic as always right there
2077 also has numerous of notes scattered around the wole city and the barren lands, but those notes are very interesting to read
This game is a good example of snatching defeat out of the jaws of victory Design!
I haven't played it personally, but from all the gameplay videos I've seen, I somehow formed the impression that RedFall was supposed to be a walking simulator with only small chunks of fighting here and there. Basically, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter meets Alan Wake, where you have to fight a few cultists and clear a vampire nest every 40 minutes in an overall 10~14 hour game. But half a year before release publisher suddenly decides to turn it into a looter shooter with RPG elements.   As someone who literally walked to every objective and side mission instead of driving in FarCry 2, that could have been the kind of game I'd enjoy tremendously.
This is why i dont play games when they first come out anymore not going to beta test
I was really looking forward to this one.. open world left 4 dead is what it looked like.. but its just trash.. complete and utter rubbish.. luckily this year is filled with great games that made it very easy to forget the disappointment here
You can tell a game is terrible when IGN give it a very low score.....this is what true bad games look like, everything about it is negative, and nothing is positive. Redfall makes sonic 06 look like a good game by comparison 😂
Clearly this game is unfinished. The problem is rushing unfinished games to market before they’re completed. Until this stops games with potential are going to come out as turds.
4 months later and still no 60 fps on xbox
All I gotta say is, The games not shit. Go play it yourself, yes it’s buggy and not the best game ever. But it’s so enjoyable playing with friends! And also the aim is actually really good and there’s a good amount of enemies sound like a skill issue to me (I play on Xbox) and he is true about the bugs.
Don't you hate it when a gravel hits your car's window and the whole thing explodes with you in it? Damn insurance companies don't cover it...
Such a shame that this is the game they made. I still want to play the game they showed in trailers. Unfortunately, that game does not exist.
holy hell man i was rolling that hole time 🤣🤣
this video should have been titled "I will now talk about Redfail" LOLOL
Redfall is bad for a lot of reasons, but aim assist isn't a necessity. terrible controls, fine, but Listen to yourself, lol. The game doesn't help me cheat, it's bad.
You have a locked door in front of you. And you have a big fucking gun in your hand. Obvious solution...  Search 30 minutes for a key!?
The audio logs and notes in Control are good in providing lore but it usually either hints to future reveals or adds to what is said in the cutscenes. For example there is this whole set of written logs that goes into an event experienced by the protagonist as a child. This event turns out to be connected to the first time the main character met the being in her head she named "Polaris". It's not NECESSARY to understand the story (the protag has a voice in her head, so what? this isn't all that crazy considering what else has happened in the game up to that point) but it just gives the player more answers.
what a great reviewer
Love the choice for no music in the review. Fits the game perfectly.
I just noticed this was available on Game Pass so I wanted to see if it was worth downloading. I remember quite a bit of hype for over a year before it released. Glad I checked reviews. This game looks like a rushed turd. It looks absolutely terrible. No wonder the hype vanished pretty much instantly after launch. It's a fat stinking turd lol
LOL seriously this game is like playing a battle royale with no other players on the map
Redfail
Looks like some sort of ESG hire project.
Omg 3:30 the man is just floating lol, absolutely no ambient occlusion!!
I went from Sony to Xbox when the 360 came out. But Sony will be my next console. I thought Microsoft would straighten up Bethesda, I was mistaken. Microsoft has now fallen to Bethesda lows,
I wanted to try it yesterday on console, but the stiff controls, where enough to let it go, after a few minutes...
0:32 "Redfall does not have a single animated cutscene"
3:26 This guy's hands are each the size of his whole head. Put your hands on your face. Willing to bet at most the hand covers about 1 half of your face. Your FACE. Not your HEAD. Not saying bad proportions ruined this game...but I noticed
given that that bird looks like some sort of spectral apparition its upgrades could have easily been something alone the lines of an instant kill as it phases into someones body, probably liquifying their insides as they vomit up blood or straight up possessing an enemy to distract others in an assassins creed berserk sort of style so when they die the alert lowers again, maybe dive bombing the ground and exploding into a cloud of smoke that you can still see through with enemies highlighted for a quick stealth kill spree, simple cawing to draw enemies over to you for stealth kills, maybe a passive kill where it flies at someone and makes them vanish by disintegrating them into shadow so their body isnt found and alerts others when they are about to spot you for a fall net of sorts during stealth, or hell have the disintegration kill as a normal skill similar to dishonored so other enemies dont spot the bodies or it spews tentacles from its mouth and compacts bodies into its mouth like some eldritch body disposal unit so stealth is easier to maintain, you know, just some ideas
another example of "PRE ORDER NOW"
Level 12 haha what a noob  Seriously though, how are you supposed to level up when the open world is so devoid of any enemies?
Im sorry.But that IGN person scoped in. Or used a scope of sniper rifle. If he wanted to simply switch he woudnt have used a bloody scope. But thats only my opinion and I can be wrong
Why the fuck did Bethesda give this a marketing budget yet didn’t give Hi-Fi Rush a freaking dime for marketing despite it clearly being a better game?
We need an award for bad games, like The Razzie Awards for films. I nominate this game and Gollum, both excellent candidates
Listing lazily to the left, you've got moves.
I’m playing ‘death of the outsider’ at the moment and I loved ‘prey’ It’s hard to believe that some of the people that made those games worked on this one.
and this is $70....
The $70 pisses me off ..
Nooo the rook fight took me out damn .. im eating my words now , that was the worst mini boss fight ive ever seen .
Yeah , they coulda went off with the abilities for each kit .
Ppl are acting like we didnt have maps the size of GTA 3 for years  & we made it work . Yu can design a great game with a small map . GTA proved that .
This guy sounds upset this game isnt made for sweats . Its actually a chill shooter.
Im glad they made a casual adventure shooter that the pros cant put their hands on . 😮‍💨 . Its fine the way it is perhaps . .
The controller mapping is garbage as well . But this thing had so much potential
I think Bethesda needed to beat the deadline in order to compete with Bloodhunt .
This would’ve been an acceptable game in 2011
Just play state of decay 2, folks.
Is obvious this game came out very unfinished, some of those static cutscenes look like placeholder stuff that normally would be replaced in the final game but they just add no time to replace it.  But is hard for me to blame the developers for this debacle. Arcane has proven time and again they are capable of more, afaik this is the first game from them, that gets such bad reviews.  Arcane is a old developer, with a impressive track record and so, one bad apple, doesn't change my opinion of them, everyone falls, idSoftware made Rage that many hated but then made awesome famous games after it, all they needed was money and job security, the talent was there.  And this situation with Arcane, to me, is like with idSoftware, it only shows that something bad is going own at the company, and they just need a push to return to form. Who knows, many things can be the cause for this game bad quality, but one of them is not certainly that Arcane can't make good games, they can and they did before, many of them.
remember when everyone thought redfall was the name of es6?
I really like the vampire genre, and I also have hundreds of hours in the dishonored franchise... seeing red fall like this is one of my biggest disappointment in the industry
Beat the game with one  flare gun to see it I could . Games bad
What the hell happened? This doesn't make any sense. This is complete garbage and nonsense. How did Arkane make a game this bad? Something is missing here, this isn't Arkane.
“We have an ambitious content roadmap” has seared itself in my brain. Genuinely can’t believe that’s actually the tactic they’re taking on this
It's true. Luckily this game is free on gamepass, so I didn't spend any money on it. I played it for TWO HOURS and experienced everything described here: game crashes, getting stuck in menu, an in game map reminiscent of a Busch Gardens brochure, every gripe you had and more is valid. I started with the same character, and then switched to a new one. Instead of an ultimate sniper rifle, her ultimate power was, I kid you not, "vampire ex boyfriend", where you "call in a favor from your vampire ex boyfriend". That was the moment I scrubbed every trace of this dumpster fire off my hard drive.
It’s scary when you can tell he doesn’t just dislike a game, he HATES it. Especially when there was some potential there that was completely wasted
Another AAA game that might deaerve a try 5 years later either because its still a meme or there is a mod community salvaging the parts.
wow the rook mechanic is totally not stolen from the game prey and its phantom
You must have fun writing this one xD
Gives you a glimpse of how Starfield will be. lol
And to think I even preordered this peace of trash
This is not the same Arcane that made the amazing Prey sequel. ZeniMax Media was acquired by Microsoft for US$7.5 billion in March 2021, the management have changed and approximately 70% of the Austin team who had worked on Prey was gone by the time Redfall's development was complete.
Please don't hope for Prey 2 since the director of Arkane's Prey is no longer working at the studio
I think this is all about diversity in the workplace. They have to hire people who don't have a clue what a good game is. Just like Hollywood, the amount of fecal matter that is released, has wormed its way into the gaming industry.
Skill Up: "The intro isn't animated." Me: "Well, that's fine. Just some background and a sense of the vibe." Skill Up: "Neither is this video in the game that's supposed to be a literal video you're watching." Me: "Oh... I see."
It’s not actually that bad but hey let’s all get on the hate train about it
To make the game significantly easier. Only keep the variant that deals the most damage
I finished this game and it’s just as bad as most videos claim it is
Using a controller for a first person shooter seems like such a stupid idea. I mean even consoles should be able to support decent inputs like mouse and keyboard haha 🌈
No worries. There has been zero mention of a roadmap as of June 8th, 2023.
Man it sucks this game sucks
You expect Microsoft to take a full game and dumpster it?  You should be blaming Bethesda, and arkane since they oversaw this dumpster fire.
Kinda thought Microsoft would kick Bethesda into gear if only for their own image. Guess this is just the best both of them can do. Oh well
When i saw the trailer for redfall long time ago, i thought it looked pretty cool, glad i didn't pre order it. I am finding out that games that i pre order i am heavily disappointed.
These companies marketing and selling games like this as "AAA" should be prosecuted for theft and fraud.
Thank goodness Gollum came out. Makes Redfall look like the next Elden Ring!🤣
It's a good lesson not to mock people from what it looks like, you never know what they are going through lol.
This is why you shouldn't be chasing the money instead of making a game.
Ironically this is the one time that Microsoft should've stepped in and meddle with it.  Because there is no way Microsoft actually looked at this before passing it.
aint gonna lie loved seeing the xbox users on twitter scream how great this game was and now months later not one is willing to adimt the were soooooo wrong
makes you wonder what they were really polishing when this got delayed.. wink wink..
I’d play gollum over this
1:27 You showing Prey as "the last time they welcomed you into a game" instead of Deathloop just once again shows how overhyped the latter was. Despite getting all those game of the year awards at the time, pretty much nobody even remembers that it exists today.
This is totally on Microsoft now we have the knowledge that the arkane devs did not want to make this game and that 70% of the staff there left.   Microsoft were that desperate to release a first party game that they still gave it the green light even knowing the terrible state it was in and then charging $70 for it. That is unacceptable and for anyone defending this (fanboy or not) shame on you and I urge you to raise your pathetic standard's
I can't believe this game was made by the same studio that made the Dishonored series, one of the best stealth/action games ever. I remember doing various creative kills (and sometimes goofy lmao) in Dishonored, but now the only way for you to kill the enemy is only using guns? Ehhhh....
Another anti-vampire technique which I like to call, “chair” 😭
For me a lack of enemies every few steps is a positive. But one of the only ones.
Do not buy steelseries accessories with the exception of their wired keyboards. The rest is the worst garbage you could ever hope to buy
I mean...I like the game
It's funny, because those stick figure memory things were just as annoying when Bethesda did it in Fallout 4 in the memory den where you just walk around doing nothing for an annoyingly long period of time. Not sure why they think this is a good way to convey information in the story because it's just horrifically boring.
Two failures in a row, third time a charm?
If youre good at games you dont need aim assist  😎Also, prob shouldnt be playing a fps shooter with a controller if youre on PC lol. But this game does look like poop.
This game makes even Skyrim look like a technical achievement
The game looks like a mobile port.  Microsoft's quality control is non-existent.
The "stealth animation", my sides
I had a vampire just drifting off the roof and then teleporting back on top, repeatedly. Over and over. Stuck in a Deathloop of some kind. Also saying "IS THIS WHAT YOU WANTED?!" "No, Arkane, it really wasn't."
Tbh the only ppl to blame are the ones who actually thought this was gonna be a good game after seeing the trailers and "gameplay" videos...the game looked garbage in those final vids before release. If you gamed in the 2010s, you know 90% games that release do not match trailers and are underbaked garbage 😂the order 1886, no mans sky, evolve, fallout 4, fallout 76, cyberpunk, greedfall, anthem, redfall, forspoken😂😂😂by now only ur to blame, been a trend well over 10 yrs now.
This single moment at 13:06 elevated the game from a 1/10 to a 6/9.
I just came here to say people were actively giving me shit for saying we should blame the devs and publishers. With the news today the devs knew it was a mess and publishers did not care. So I was not wrong this is 50/50 blame.
Crazy you said at the end this game should've been cancelled/rebooted and wouldn't you know, today the news broke that that's actually what the developers at Arkane wished would happen
Honestly, this game wasn't worth the nearly 100gb download. I played as the girl with the robot dog and i was killing everything without issue. I was stealthing it for a while, but then i decided to just rush into fights and i still rarely needed to heal during fights.
In Prey there is so many ways to complete an objective and multiple ways into places.  It's crazy to think these are the same developers.
Everything that Microsoft touches, turns into 💩
Man i was actually kinda looking foward to this game. the trailer made it seem so fun, but the actual game seems very mediocre
Halo Infinite releasing the way it did should have told EVERYONE what to expect from M$ games minus Gears & Forza going forward.
After the success of Arkane's previous games such as Dishonored and Prey, I can only assume this travesty has to be down to publisher interference.
It just kinda gets me everytime I see the vampires with the namebar, Vampire above their head. Thats just lazy parenting.
Sadly, I've been noticing very very similar deadzone problems in other games over the past year. I'm starting to suspect some kind of dev kit got hyped around to various devs, and then the production teams had no idea how to implement it.
Sooner or later, we're going to have to admit that games aren't really being developed to entertain anymore.  It really is just an exercise in slapping together some cynical shooter for zoomers, including as many "diverse looking" characters as possible, and throwing it out the door.  Maybe this is our fault for accepting it, or for accepting a situation where the average shelf-life of a videogame is around a week, but the average "hyped" game at this point is of less lasting value than a Marvel movie.
Glad I spent my money on Evil West instead of this garbage. Now THAT'S a vampire game
This game looks like crap, like an early ps4 or xbox360 game
I love Prey with all my heart and it's broken watching this
It's funny they'd make Prey 2 when Prey 2017 is already just Prey 2006 2.
Don't worry, I'm sure in 76 years worth of updates Redfall will eventually become a playable game.
This looks like if someone took the nostalgia critics "Doom: The movie: The game" joke and made it real
Someone should do a review of this twat waffle channel. "No animated cut scene waaaa." Do you even play games? Apparently not.
For me, seeing how committed MS has been toward the Age of Empires series with aoe2 definitive being huge, and age 4 actually being a good modern sequel makes this so disappointing. Why did arkane get the shaft when other series get TLC?
NOBODY wants animated cutscenes u absolutt baffon! And stop botting btw
A Grest Flop for the Gamepass 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
What are the chances this did so badly because of forced multiplayer integration?  idk why, but i feel like an offline focused game could've been more focused. and it's a shame, because an open world fps with vampires in a sleepy new england town sounds so dope... but the town, and the vampires themselves, seem far too sleepy.
It's just so wild to me that a AAA studio released a game where enemies primarily use melee attacks, and this can be almost completely thwarted by standing on a small box or listing lazily to the left.
*Sees giant black afro on the main title art*  *Disregards game completely before game is even out*  Weird how my intuition never fails me there...
Thanks for taking one for the team. I would have bought this if it wasnt for the reviews showing how truly bad it was
The real anwser to Nintendo And Sony will be Starfield. Todd please don't f this up.
I have no idea what happened here. Arkane is such a great studio with a really solid library of some of my fave games. This one seems like....an experiment they let some interns to work on while they were planning other things. It just does not even feel like anything they made in the past. As if they totally forgot how they used to develop games. Something really went wrong here and it's heartbreaking. (Then again Deathloop was already abit.....meh in my opinion. But it wasn't THIS bad)
redfall, take a knee and crush.
Not a fan, then?
geez...
So glad im a playstation user
How can it be bad? It has black people!
The area you show in the World Design section is incredibly reminiscent of a level in L4D2
Oh my god, that stealth kill is sending me over the fucking edge!!! XDDD
If you worked on this game and don't see anything wrong with it, game dev isn't the career for you.
I remain convinced that the best thing to come out of Redfall was the absolute slap in the face to every "ELDER SCROLLS 6: REDFALL CONFIRMED!!!!1" YouTube channel out there.
Hard to think the company behind Dishonored, one of the greatest and most immersive game series ever has sank so low, Prey was a great game as well, Then they started going downhill with Deathloop by only releasing it on PS5 losing out on a greater audience and profit, and now this.   Such a shame :/ Gives me low hopes for a Dishonored 3
Outside of maybe 3 established franchises with great track records: I just don't get excited for new games anymore. They literally always end up like this, because most devs just don't know how to make good games anymore.
10:00 The word you are looking for is McGuffin
MODERN GAMING!
"Microsoft acquires game developer. Developers output takes a nosedive qualitywise" is starting to become an alarming trend 😑
Remember when i sore this at e3 and i said yea thats probs gonna suck. i was called a moron by my m8 back then and now its out it sucks worse than i was imagening it would. i hate how predictable the tripple A industry is theses days
my best trait for this game.. it's made me laugh at it from it's sheer inadequacy. rofl what a horrid game.
I was looking forward to this on this PS then MS bought Arcane and it made me glad i dodge this game.
This flop really hurt me. I love Arkane, I’ve loved every game they produced and Redfall was planning on being no different in my mind. The idea was awesome and the execution was beyond subpar. Truly sucks
This game is free to play with any subscription service and let me tell you: it’s not worth it.
I hope the alternate universe where Redfall was the title of Elder Scrolls 6 is happy
did that steelseries orc just hit the whip
this game is a good example of how trash controllers are without literal developer sanctioned cheats LMAO
LMAOOOO the cutscenes look so stupid! This is hilarious
Doesn't xbox, Microsoft and Bethesda have human resources? Because how a unfinished product was published at all is astounding
This reeks of underdevolopment and rushing out the door way too early. The movement is laughable even for a game 10 years ago. It's SO fucking solid and and awkward. It makes no attempts at all to hide the fact that you are flying a camera around a graphics engine. There's no headbob, and I'm sorry but if you don't get major motionsickness from headbob, then you are a pussy if you don't like it. It adds so much emersion, it goes a long way to keep your belief suspended that you are actually a person instead of a flying camera. There's also no sway in the gun when walking, there is but it's laughable. Also, nobody IRL brings their gun up with their vision above the horizon when they are looking up. It's so lazy. It's like an FPS from 2000. It's so bad.
How the fuck did the devs that made Prey make this? I hate investors and execs so much. This industry’s rampage to obtain infinite profit is destroying any creativity or quality.
Hate. Brings. Views. This wis never change.
I have to say that redfall makes me appreciate back 4 blood more
That cutscene is for sure animated.
Oh god! Oh please! I will pray to all the gods that AAA games become good again.
It just felt weird to play ? And the vampires were just standing there.. or 100 were  chasing me down across the map? The missions were boring too, just seemed so funny and not immersive at all
imagine paying for this twitter reject garbage lol
Me not want to play as black chick.
Angry Joe Finished the game, you're not missing ANYTHING.
I actually wouldn't mind the long stretches of walking around with no enemies, if it had more life in general to take in. Just atmospheric stuff.
well, that's it then. Only Valve remains as a developer with more or less untarnished reputation. We lost CD Projeckt Red back in 2020, Rockstar in 2021, and now Arcane in 2023...
They've gone a long way down since Prey, they should probably stop making games every 2 years
This just strengthens my belief that Starfield will be God Awful. Why anyone thinks it will be great After Fallout 4 and especially Fallout 76, is beyond me.
an evil corp name ovum ?
The only thing passable about this game are the interior assets they clearly paid another company to make.
That stealth kill was entirely too funny 😂
19:18 Sounds like a really cheap version of the Terminator jam.😄
Terrible game. It's not that it's just buggy, it's just not fun.
Remember folks. "Live Service Games" always results in money grubbing crap.
@28:00 Microsoft is so fuckeddd
Nah, if Microsoft’s first act after acquiring Bethesda was to cancel redfall… there would have been MASSIVE backlash
Seeing this always reminds me of the days the devs had to put out quality games to even get sales. And with that I mean you only got those games from store shelfs where there is no quick little patches to fix things, either stuff got bug fixed before it hit the shelfs or it stayed in. But that's how we had gems of games. Now the standard is so fucking low because everything is "Early-access" and $60-$70 games feel like they should still be in beta but are released. "If it doesn't work we patch it for 5 years to be eventually playable when nobody plays this game anymore" - probably some of them.  It's just insane to me. I'd rather spend $60 on a couple amazing indie games worth their money than spend the same amount on one game that shouldn't have gotten released and would've needed another year or two in development to be where even the devs hope it would be. That's also why I don't by AAA games anymore. A bunch of studios can't be trusted anymore, because this shit is getting so out of hand and they still, SOMEHOW, are getting away with those ambitious games with way to short of a development cicle... and people still buy those games and wonder why it sucked.  I don't want to knock on the dev team, some more than others, do what they can. It's more the higher ups that decide when they release the game and clearly most of them underestimate the costs and development cicle and rather pump out a garbage game to get some money, rather than deliver a good and promised game, which you can then hook new players and get new fans following what the team does next.  I'm sure it's fairly obvious where I stand on games like this. I hate this type of development in games and it's been going like this for a while now, atleast eversince the digital copies/Steam store took off. If those studios can't finish to make a thoughtout, exciting and properly developed game from the get go without it needing 15 hundred patches to fix everything, then why bother spending your hard earned money for those $60-$70 glorified doorstoppers?  But more and more games every year come out with this god forsaken "beta version game releases as full game" trend and this fucking shit needs to stop.
Vampire: Stop me if you can!  Survivor: *Places a chair in front of the Vampire*  Vampire: DAMNIT!!!
for me, the icing on the cake is that they couldn't even spell "electrocute" correctly in the subtitles.
Looks like it's plagued by woke devs that put more effort into making sure everyone was black, asian, gay or effeminate.
So this is basically Arkane's "Cyberpunk 2077" only way worse. Impressive. Very nice.
Dunno why but; it bugs the living Hell outta me that they created the 'film mission' where you had to find the local theater, as it's on film rather then tape or disc, only to totally drop the damn ball by having the segment being just still images. It seems not only logical, but down-right necessary to have such a mission end with animation.
I agree with most of your points, but there’s a couple of things I’d like to push back on.    If we’re being fair, it’s not the devs that aren’t putting in the work.  It’s 100% the execs that are forcing the game out before it’s ready.  They have the timeline, they don’t care, they just want the money.   Regarding notes and gunplay, I’ve seen this same mentality from a few other review channels, but it is a little frustrating to see a player that primarily enjoys the shooter aspect to then criticise storytelling or other aspects of the game that are a bit slower because they don’t have the patience to sit still and listen.  Or to read a logbook.  Yes, this game in general was badly done, but marking it down for aspects that you, personally, find boring is a little disingenuous.    I can understand how the switching weapons and limited options when it comes to weaponry would be frustrating for a player who enjoys that sort of thing or is very good at it.  I’m not very good at it, so personally, the limited options really appeals to me.  It gives me a limited arsenal to learn and become proficient in without being overwhelming.  Provided controls are improved at a latter date, of course.  Overall, I really do agree with your assessment of the game.  This is a disappointing show from Arcane, but I wanted to point out that the devs are not to blame and a game can be enjoyed in multiple ways, not just from the perspective of a shooter.
This game is basically  the Morbius game
I've played through it 3 times currently playing the 4th time. It's not a good game mind you but I kinda enjoy it. I play it and listen to music. It's a dumb buggy mess. But I kinda like it. Wtf.
Why didn’t they animate anything?! So absurd.
19:15 Oh, so just like Deathloop?
Love this, thank you!
I really respect and appreciate that you said we all owe that person an apology. Indeed we do because not only was the internet roasting him, even I was like this dude is trash.... but I also said this game was trash lol. So I was half right in that sense. Just found your channel and glad I did.
my jaw dropped when the words "Triple-A video game" were said. I could not believe something that looked this low-budget would have major financial backing from a huge publisher. Although, when I learned that publisher was Bethesda I was no longer surprised at all.
I don't think it's a coincidence that Arkane started making dogshit as soon as Microsoft acquired them.
Also using 'the pandemic' as an excuse to release this bullshit is stupid as shit. IT'S BEEN 3 YEARS SINCE THE PANDEMIC, move on lmao. Also as you stated, if the pandemic affected this game so much that it looks like a project a college student made, why would you even let it pass QC and be released?
This makes me worried for Starfield, it's going to be just as big of a disaster if not worse.
Progression gating a map can be good if the execution is good and sensible.  But for a map of that size, nah.
with the state of games in 2023, it makes me want to never waste another hour of my life doing this shit. It's a tragedy what has happened to this hobby. Sure, some indie/small studios still release great games, but the fact that the majority of AAA/big budget studios have released shit game after shit game after shit game is insane. I have no idea how you game review channels dont get demoralized from this kind of thing.
On the Redfall CD-ROM, is there a way to get out of the dungeon without the vampire key?
Am I the only one who hates the trend of modern shooters showing a health bar and popping up numbers after every hit like Destiny. I think it’s ok for some games but for others it ruins immersion for me.
Mid-sterpiece.
Release all of it open source, and public domain all the art assets. And then issue an apology, and refund all purchases.
How is this possible? This deserves a documentary. We need a whistleblower and some hidden camera footage. I wanna see the context for the fabrication of this abomination.
It needs to be said that while this game was probably never going to be good, the poor state of it isn't Arkane's fault entirely. Bethesda gutted the studio during development to move a bunch of people to another project that hasn't been announced yet. I fully blame Bethesda for saddling them with something like this and doing all they could to ruin it while doing so.
How many people wanted to refund this game but got scammed out of the ability to do so somehow? Games are often fraud imo. Gamers need to stop being the most cucked passive consumer group in human history.
Vampires? More like Kleers!
How many games in the last decade with "fall" in the title?
Massively hyperbolic.  It’s average at its very best. Everything seems to work fine but It’s just really boring
You saw the heal animation, I'm impressed. In three days of playing, I only saw it twice; usually you just get a blank screen while you have no weapons and your health goes up. I also can't open the map without going through the menu. It's sad because I adore the New England coastal town setting and the concept is one of the coolest around, it would have been great with more polish.
I f*ckin love redfalls melee sound especially at stealth kills
This game got one huge problem in it  How the f*ck can you make a vampire survival game without a single goth girl in there??!
lmaobox
Get that random IGN person their respect I didnt know this game was so lacking
The fucking curser 😂
When the said 30 fps only I knew it was a sht game and company
Microsoft following their pattern of buying an awesome game company and then running it into the ground I see
They wasted a Yuri Lowenthal effort to make this game
29:05 Wolfenstein Youngblood was actually a pretty good game. It's unfair to put them togheder and say that both are bad games when one of them clearly isn't (at least for me).
In response to the title, no it isn't. It's actually an enjoyable game which I'd had zero bugs or glitches from day 1 on the Series X on two play throughs. Only dumb things are the weapon swap system, no weapon wheel or anything and you can't pause the game. So mid fight, your phone rings, doorbell goes, you need a dump, when you come back you've died. If you use the right weapons for each enemy it's fun and simple. For Vampires you should just be using the Stake Launcher for an instant kill or the UV Gun. I don't know why this game has got so much hate. Maybe it's because those people wouldn't normally play a game like this, would prefer minecraft, COD or something so instantly want to dislike it.
im playing this to support bad game development as you do with destiny2
"Special Vampire destroyed" lol I'm done
28:17 Sony: releases God of War Ragnarok Nintendo: releases Tears of the Kingdom Microsoft: "Screw you guys, I'm going home!"
A quick peek at the " protagonists " character designs should tell you to stay away from this game.
It sucks that Arkane studios is going for this "it's not just multiplayer but it actually is!" genre mess instead of sticking to what they do best (like Bioware and Anthem)
PSA: Redfall has a huge joystick dead zone on by default. Turning that down in settings makes aiming feel much better. Pretty sure it was the input response preset he talked about turn that to low.
So, it's basically Triple-A shovelware
This is the same company that made the Clockwork Mansion and “a crack in the slab” in Dishonored 2. I never thought they’d be capable of producing such a complete pile of shit game.
I can’t believe this is Arkane.
Love the naming conventions now… Xfall. Why?
Triple A companies have become creatively bankrupt.
Good Samaritan saving enemies from the living hell of being stuck on geometry
;they game is much better than they all say it isi just hear more and more refall sucks does not put it on a harder setting and dig in
Funny that the Rook is an even less developed version of the Warden from Minecraft.
So many of these failures would have benefitted from the extra year totk took to polish and ensure quality. Hope that becomes industry standard moving forward, but obviously the studios see this as a numbers game.
This reminds me a lot of the terrible Saints Row remake.
yo fuck starfield wheres tes vi
Wow. I'm mad on your behalf just watching this. Like I want to avenge you and get the time back for you that you wasted on this trash game.
when razorfist did a stream of this his controller was getting over a second of lag between his movement and the character moving. also vampires will run into fire and will stand there till they die.
Whoa! A Bethesda game is dogshit? Can't believe it
[ *short grunt of effort* ]
13:04 killed me.
TBH don't know if can agree with lack of enemies being a problem. Myself see a problem with open worlds being built around "there always should be something happening". But haven't played this specific one so can't properly judge.
Game is definitely a product of damage control. Pure shit.... Your channel content is superb though. Thanks 👍
Psh please, Absolute Catastrophe?   Guess you haven't seen Gollum over there like "hold my mother fu**ing beer Redfall"
How can it be a failure when it has such dIvErSiTy?
Hearing you say that the enemies are actually difficult to keep up with and kept teleporting surprised me.   Because in every other piece of footage I’ve seen they get stuck on a car and don’t move for 5 minutes
Case and point: if you want to play a good recent game about vampires - V Rising is a way to go
1:36 - What game is that?
This game looks and plays as if it came out on the very first original Xbox. It has an early 00’s vibe.
We need a Gollum X Redfall colab
Spencer should be fired already.
Apparently it's not just chair. Any other furniture or vehicle will stop them.
My question, over and over is, "What ARE these 'AAA' developers spending their huge budgets on???" It's not cutscenes, it's not bug testing, it's not artists or actors... WHERE IS THE MONEY GOING?
Let's not forget that the game gives a choice of 4 characters, but only one you'd actually want to use
I mean I don't know why you should ever play a shooter with a controller
Man, I really liked Arkane.  I even defended their less popular games like Prey.  But even I can't defend this.  When I saw that every enemy was given a teleport ability, seemingly because the devs couldn't get anything to reliably path to the player, I felt something I've never felt before.  Embarrassment.  Embarrassment for something I didn't even make.
Just found your channel, watched this and the Gollum review. It was great to watch so I just subscribed. Looking forward to more!
Disaster of a Game..
Red-Fail....
I haven't heard of this game until I saw it was coming out a month from when I first heard of it, and I genuinely think that's all the dev time that went in.
Wait, you guys are still playing "triple A" games?  Indie is where it's at
Perfect example of why xbox doesn't worth any attention these days
Honestly this was a shocking realise from Arkane, any first person shooter where deadzone settings aren’t available it’s a immediate no from me, but this full game feels like it was made by a new studio 😂 what a waste of a IP
the trend of color coding weapon rarity/strength is made even worse by the fact that it's always the same damn colours. grey is common, green is rare, blue is very rare, purple is always something like super rare and then yellow/gold for legendary or exotic or whatever they wanna call it. its so repetitive.
Arcane should be ashamed of themselves for demanding money for this travesty
Bro, its a shooter, all of the suck on controller.
do all the npcs look.... short? or not proportioned with the first person camera?
Hey Gen Z, how come you guys suck?
How, just fucking how did they manage to make the ai even more retarded than Deathpoop?
Gunplay has never really been a strength of the Arkane team. It's so weird they went all-in on it here. Even in Prey it was just serviceable, but that game was more focused on the narrative and exploration (then again, smoke monsters just aren't that scary or satisfying to shoot). Here it's just... somehow even worse. Real shame.  Also, $120 AUD for this garbage? Yeah no.
"Whoever handles internal reviews at Microsoft should've been like-" Reality fart, they fired their entire QA staff in 2014.
It's wild to me this is a game everyone seems to know about despite me never having heard about it.
16:10 legit looked like an aimbot, how tf is the aim assist so bad
4:01 so it's a FPS version of XCOM
they deserve EVERY single bad review for wasting our money.
The gameplay from last year looked like a half finished Fallout 4 mod. I haven’t even watched the video and I’m possible the title is correct.
Even genshin enemies fight better then these enemies
S E V E N T Y  D O L L A R S
“Punch them in the back” Looks a lot like elbow them in the butthole lmao
Also, at 2:32 you can see that the developers misspelled electrocute.
0:40 even the cutscenes have popin of shadows hahahaha
I actually thought this game was going to be a multiplayer only type of game, that’s what I got from the first announcement
Whether we wanted it or not, we’ve stepped into a war with the cabal on mars 🤯
The triple A industry made me go touch grass by making shitty games
I can't imagine why Sony turned this game down?
According to information behind the scenes. This was a game that was literally screwed by executives from top to bottom. Resulting in this mangled mess.
Deathloop was garbage too, not sure why people say otherwise.
The Dave Chapelle of video reviews. Didn't expect that. Lol'd all the way through
co-op is cancer.
This is a type of game that destroys reputations. Clearly Arkane had no love or passion for this game. It's really clear this was a corporate mandate.
Man NoClip sold me on this game, but I realized they are pretty much on Arkane's payroll as part of their marketing. Since this game came out its been shown as as total shit show.
this was the worst game ive played since quest sharks
What bothered me the most is how this game scream "corporate" in my face: - No play testing - Feel rush af - A coop looter shooter (that is no longer a trend, nowadays.) - Shitty trap music that landed nowhere. - Despite everything was rough before release, the game sold at $70.
"short grunt of pain"
This game is an attempted moneygrab by Bethesda and Arkane Studios, plain and simple. Most games by Bethesda are though so I guess we shouldn't be surprised.
if anyone wants a GOOD vampire game (with co-op!) go play Evil West
The best thing with the stealth kill animation is how you punch them in the back and then they fall back onto you, the opposite direction of the force applied by the punch xD
13:16 what an absolute legend, not only taking advantage of the vampires penchant for sucking but t-posing to establish dominance whilst doing so.
I tried to play this via cloud gaming 😅
Just speaking on the bird ability alone because its such a huge oversight out of a 1000 but they literally could have just made the bird only attack enemies if the enemy gets alerted. Such a simple solution to a problem that allows you to continue using your bird and remain in stealth until you get caught or whatever.
What a strange way to start a video 🤔
This video is absolutely impressive, and the subtle comedy bits are fantastic. Also the key takeaway on redfall, is that the sponsored section is the most impressive gameplay footage of redfall.
This game is an absolute and utter disgrace to the PREY 2016 Crosshair.
If anyone wants to know how co-op works, Angry Joe has his angry rant.
This cannot be true...
Why do the NPCs look so tiny compared to their environments?
The omnipresent gays? Lol.
Sea of thieves style cutscenes
Hearing someone so quickly shut down the "we have a high bar of quality and our roadmap will get redfall th- no no stop" was so perfect and succinct.  Your honesty is appreciated as always
06:41 bruh whats that hand
I kind of hate how happy this game bombing makes me. It was the first Arkane game in a decade I wasn't excited for on announcement, and watching it unfold into an utter trainwreck makes me optimistic they won't try something similar again.
This game looks and plays like it came out of 2014
Waiting for that stock corporate phrase from Arkane - "We're sorry we didn't deliver a game that lived up to YOUR expectations..."
I really hope Arkane will be given a chance to go back to being good again instead of getting EA’d into splitting up and becoming a bunch of nameless annual military shooter assistants.
1:30 Hmmm -- looked a bit yanky and had music like a late 90s football manager... not sure if I want them to animate tbh.
Good games don't sell consoles. Welcome to Xbox.
RIP TES and Fallout.
GamePass is that 5 dollar DVD bin at Walmart.
Well you bought it 😂.
Microsoft desperately needs to get their shit together or it's shaping up to be yet another wasted generation that is gonna devalue the Xbox brand even further. This is sad to watch because the future seemed so promising, now they're condemning the entire industry to another decade of Sony's shitty anti-consumer practices.
I don't like the grub hub ad shading that's on all the graphics
you guys know why there is so much garbo game? cause people keep buying it.
It's really odd that this turned out the way it did, because the concept of "immersive sim" is something Arkane had nailed down perfectly in Dishonored. There were so many ways to tackle a task, from the micro to the macro level. You could kill an enemy 50 different ways, be with the tools and weapons you're given or some indirect interaction with the environment. And you could take a myriad different combinations of paths, strategies and approaches to complete a mission it almost felt like an open world game despite the somewhat linear nature of the game. I seriously want to know what went behind the scenes during the development of Redfall.
Following Fallout 76 this is exactly what I now expect from "It just works" Bethesda. It's not what I expect of Arkane, however. Very disappointing. I expect to be disappointed by Starfield, also.
Good lord they could have had the infiltration and movement mechanics of Assassin's Creed, Dishonored, or Rainbow Six combined with Left 4 Dead...  Instead... they somehow made Left 4 Dead... but bad.
0:30 Just like 40k
2:48 they also released trailers for each of the characters which “sorta” explains their abilities But only really Jacob’s does from what i watched
Looks worse presentation than Fallout: New Vegas or FO: 4
Where is Sam?
It seems like this whole project WASNT an accident. I'd be surprised if it was.
Wait lol, little brats attacked the player because a shitty game...I see the issue in 2023
I used to have a friend in highschool (we're talking the first xbox, gamecube, PS2 era) that would always make fun of me for being a nintendo fan, and telling me that "this is the last generation of nintendo, mycrosoft is going to buy them in the near future or nintendo will just go bankrupt like sega", oh how I wish to see him now.
It's almost as if games are released as products designed to make money first and be good games second.   Miss the days of no updates possible in gaming. They actually made full games with unlockables and secrets not sell you season passes day 1 filled with cut content
redfall is literally just an objectively worse version of borderlands (at least in terms of mechanics) huh
And Youngblood and this monstrosity and both made by Arkane. I don't think they are very good studio, just got lucky with Dishonored and Pray.
i have a feeling what we are seeing here is industrial espionage, with the field of video game development being what it is the competition is fierce and the margin of error is really low. if a video game publisher were to release a really good AAA game and a competing publisher were to release an equally good AAA game it would mean that there were now two really good AAA games competing on the field which is not good for the publisher. one thing this publisher could do (provided that they have the resources for it) is to covertly send some of their men to the competing publisher and have them act on grassroots level to corrupt the general atmosphere of the company and pressure the skilled developers to leave. if these skilled developers were to leave this publisher could siphon this skill for themselves while the competition is left with developers who don't know what they are doing. now what happens in the next cycle is that you worked hard to create a good video game while they fumbled to put together a game that is absolute dogshit so now you will have people praising your work while forgetting about the competition's product.  but i do still see a glimmer of hope, UE5 and ChatGPT-4 have made video game development much more accessible and i could see that within the next decade small dev teams (maybe even one-man dev teams) could be able to handle AAA quality development. this would mean a lot more healthy competition in the field and much more importantly creative skill which seems to be desperately needed in the AAA development these days.
This is just the norm of Microsoft now. Don’t expect any more good games out of them
when I saw this game's trailer come out I knew it was gonna suck and it was gonna be a bad game, but THIS bad? I played like a whole 20 min from it
We can't get a good vampire game. And I can't understand why 😭
Achtually This is at LEAST a 9/10 game bc you can play as a strong blahk wahmen. Prepare to be cancelled.
I like this idea with shooting at the car window and the car explodes. Did they hired Michael Bay for this game?
Since Bethesda and activision blizzard would still be putting games on pc if the deal goes through it feels like the deal exists specifically to axe Sony… the only problem being PlayStation exclusives are really fucking good
i just finished two 100% runs of Deus Ex original to test every avenue and, while the story is captivating, the gameplay is absolute dog. yes, compared to games of its time.
I kept seeing previews for this game and I just didn't understand the hype for it. It looked awful then and I was right. The setting and the characters were bland and boring and the vampires just looked really lame. Glad I never game this game a second thought.
I think we need to come up with a new term to describe the unfinished games that we keep getting delivered to us, because half-baked seems to generous.
I think we need to come up with a new term to describe the unfinished games that we keep getting delivered to us, because half-baked seems to generous.
Never heard an Australian say "schlep" before lmao
Cool walking sim
Oh man wtf is this. I was looking forward to this game. I wanted to buy it asap. Scary thing is on youtube these reviews are consistent of this game. Guess i have to wait 2 years for them to finish this game then buy it.
........When is the last time we had a GOOD vampire game?  Is it Bloodlines? It CAN'T be Bloodlines, right? I can't think of another good vampire game other than Bloodlines though.
I literally did not know this game existed until I heard someone make a joke about how bad it is.
Seems like they've just kept using the same "dialogue" (read: monologue) system as from Dishonored, even though these characters are presumably not mute
But why? I loved Arkane, Dishonored... and the hostile takeover happened years ago, they are already enslaved. What is happening?
The one game that uses a bird in stealth mode is assassin's Creed Odyssey, the good thing is it doesn't alert enemies to your location 😂
23:02 "Character kits are so anemic"  I don't know if that was intentional, but it was just too perfect to ignore.
Agree in general, but I really enjoyed Young Blood; heard a lot of whinging about it, but enjoyed myself.
Wether we wanted ot or not 😂
Seriously worried about starfield....
I guess it really is true, You either die a hero (Dark Messiah, Dishonored, Prey), or live to see yourself become a villain (Deathloop, Redfall)
My brother and I went to pick up Tears of the Kingdom and went ahead and pre-ordered a couple others we were interested in. I was talking with him about this "game that kinda seemed like Left 4 Dead but also had a focus on singleplayer" and couldn't remember the name for the life of me. I just remembered the vibe reminded me of Stranger Things x Life 4 Dead. I had wanted to pick it up or preorder it since we didn't have many modern multiplayer games but since I couldn't remember the name, and didn't really want to spend more money, I dropped it.  Goddamn did we dodge a bullet.
This is the best sim of a deathmatch level in Doom II after everyone's left.
Thank Microsoft (and I guess in parts Bethesda) for this. Somehow they manage to suck every inch of life out of once great studios, even Phil Spencer apologized for the horrendous launch. It hurts to see my, on paper, favourite studio release such a shitty thing.
There is Aim Assist.  It is Keyboard/mouse exclusive.  WTF?  Yes!
So "input response preset" probably describes the curve used to map different ranges of thumbstick angles to in-game rotation values.   Most people *think* that their thumbstick movements are mapped to a linear function, i.e "push the stick halfway forward to move at half speed", but the overwhelming majority of times, that transition is smoothed on a curve -- many console FPS games nowadays allow you to adjust that curve to your liking.  I haven't played Redfall and almost certainly never will, but I wonder if the controls aren't *quite* that abysmal, and that the problem is more that they don't do a good job (or really even make an attempt to) explain this concept to the player.  Tldr changing that setting in games tends to have a huge impact on game feel, so there *might* be a universe in which the controls are merely "bad" and not "utter garbage".
I got this game for free and I demand a refund! I need compensation for my time lost.
Redfall was the true (Un)Deathloop.
It is actually fun now.
Spoiled kids.
The telekinetic threat in student debt
Bro, prey video in the beginning is just too much salt on my wounds
These companies are in for the profit only. I think the quality of future video games are only going to keep going downhill.
I will now write a comment under this video.
Redfall shows how impressive our technology is by showing how far you can get by doing literally nothing for 3 and a half years.
All the budget going into the advertising is the most Triple A moment ever
1:15 LMAO What is this, a game from 2003?
Maybe the Prey team has long since disbanded and you are left with the cover band version.
Another woke masterpiece.
Everybody that worked on this game was looking at thier phone every 20 seconds.
It's the same as fallout  just with vampires, its just a dated formula, y'all going to be disappointed when star field is the same is space
At least the cast is diverse
Indie games are tripple A now . Betesda and EA,Activision are total garbage for the past 6 years.
this was a filler title Microsoft ordered from Arkane to make GamePass look better than it actually is. this kind of thing has been happening a lot. GamePass isn't actually worth it.
So profoundly sad that the developer of Prey is dying with such a pathetic whimper.  I hate that i feel this way, but i truly think arkane needs to be put out of their misery. They're just embarrassing themselves and shitting on their old reputation now.
This game is absolutely garbage
The scream for the stealth melee attack is the best
Considering how wildly different most video games start out compared to how the end up, I'm guessing the bird is a layover from an older version of the game that they didn't have time to go back and rework.
Oh man, what am I doing wrong? I’m 25 hours in and I love this game.
Now I don't feel so bad.  Seen it was on game pass and wasn't sure if it was worth creating space for in order to DL.  Streamed it long enough to get the first power and haven't been back on it since.  Goat simulator is more exciting than this.
Lol the lack of motivation in his voice right in the first sentence.
When you let new product managers who just got out of college with high grades decide on what goes into a game depending on synergy and profitability
Well they at least succeeded in completely destroying any chance of Bethesda using this title name for TES
I pay for this game and really happy about it. Love it.
A lot of similar criticisms here as in your Deathloop review. Kinda feels like that was a warning sign.
It looks like shit too
ARKHANE WAS MY NEW BIOWARE. Now they ARE the new Bioware
Common western Developer L
This makes me terrified for how ES VI will turn out
Dunno about wolfenstein, but fallout 76 by now became a fun and relatively bug free for bethesda standards with a big enough playerbase to support the random event economy, BUT its really only for people who have money, coz without fallout 1st its not worth it... But this game is.... God, this is sad
It's like Overkill's Walking Dead all over again.
First time I've watched a video to get a laugh about how stupid and disappointing a game is. Back to Dishonored 2.
Looks like woke TRASH
this would probably never be a great game but it could’ve been at least okay if it stayed in development longer 😭 wasted potential
Such a shame coming from a studio with such absolute classics under their belt. Games that live rent free in my nostalgia section of the brain. It’s really sad…
wow that game looks and feels like it was made in 2002 kek !
What's the matter? The bosses didn't juke you enough so you could miss them with the terrible controls?
So you were complaining about having no roof access earlier, and then you didn’t like how there was a roof access? Can you see how this comment misconstrues what I'm saying in favour of just nit picking on you without any real substance or meaning? This is what you do every single time you put a review for a game that you don't consider to be a "masterpiece" which there is factually no such thing just FYI.
So Redfall is not exactly the same as every other Arkane game. Gotcha. Yep, doing something a bit different, definitely makes your game a catastrophe.
I want to be very clear right off the top. Everything you are saying is provably nit picking and not offering any real substance to what you call a review. This is fact, and not in anyway subjective. It is literally what you done here and what you have been doing for years.
I love how he immediately shows his unexcitement toward the review. shows the same lvl of  disrespect the devs had
This game is just straight up unfinished. I dont understand developers these days. Why release garbage like this when no one is going to buy it and your reputation goes into the shitter as opposed to actually finishing the game? All the development money spent on this game was basically wasted.
Arkane haven’t made a good game since 2017 since then their games keep getting worse first their was Wolfenstein: Youngblood ,  Wolfenstein: Cyberpilot , Deathloop and Now Redfall. idk whats happened to Arkane if it's bad management or whatever but things need to change.
Arkane must be going through some shit...
Since we're gluttons for punishment my friend and I beat the game in co-op mode. One thing that you could add to this review is that the main big bad bosses, all 3 of them are way way too easy to beat and don't feel like a threat whatsoever which just an unrewarding cherry on top of an already crappy trog. I had so many performance issues (granted my PC is a little old now but exceeds the recommended specs), I had another friend have even more issues connecting that he gave up trying to play it at all and I'm now thinking he was a lot smarter for it. I would be absolutely enraged if I paid $70 for this game. I'd also like to point out that once you go to the second map in the game there is literally no way to go back to the first map and complete any side missions or safe house missions that you left behind. So if you're achievement hunting for some ungodly reason you are SOL.
-"Stop me if you can!" -"Why would i bother? I got this chair"
This game is so shit.
Stop pre purchasing games. It will stop if everyone stops.
Redfall, where you team up with geometry to defeat vampires.  😅
It was a game made for gamers by people that are not gamers.
What is with shit games and characters with student debt.
COMPLETELY disagree that Msft should have vetoed Redfall. That's the ***complete opposite*** of the idea that Microsoft gives freedom to studios. Vetos are extraordinarily strong in making people obey you. This should have been handled by Bethesda, and Bethesda alone. It's bad for Msft, sure, but I don't want them steering CoD, Elder Scrolls, Diablo, Warcraft, etc. No no no, let studios fuck up, learn, and get gems out there.
Was it made by the same people that made Dishonored??? Doesn't look like it.
I tried this game because it was free on Game Pass and I just wanted to see for myself how bad it was. My, God. It really is _that_ bad!   Visually, it looks like it belongs on the Xbox 360. That deadzone on the camera he mentioned is _immediately_ noticeable, as is the insane speed of the camera stick sensitivity. You try and move the camera a little and there's nothing....nothing....nothing.... *1,000MPH!* It's awful.   I basically did the first mission where you liberate the fire station, I walked around an empty map for a bit, then just put the controller down and started watching Youtube on my laptop instead because I was bored. Didn't even make it an hour in to the game. Shut the game down, deleted it off my hard drive and haven't even been tempted to go back once.
Dishonored & Dishonored 2 have INCREDIBLE environmental details. This isn't that same Arkane Studio that made Dishonored anymore. They got BioWare'd.
Sooooooooo @Skillup.... on this note.... excited about remnant 2? 😅
I am soo worried about Starfield.
There were some leaked gameplay on the Reddit game leaks and rumours subreddit. People were clowning on the players for having poor aim.  In actuality, the game just handles like ass with a gamepad.
GO HERE
I'm sorry man..  I tried.. I really really tried to watch the video to the end.. you had me sold on how bad it was in the first 5 minutes.. I still stuck it out while watching tiktok until  23:42..     i'm beyond my pain tolerance threshold..   gonna take the headset off and let it finish so you get the metrics..    I tried.   I'm sorry.   Keep up the good work.
I's super worried about Starfield. That showcase better be good.
Just why was this even released in the first place?
4:03 yeap there is  a oil spill under the cars hence the fireee. bro apparently king thrash got it wrong also.. xbox did say 13 million player on redfall  and was top 3 played on xbox
Yikes. Half Life 2 had better AI and setting design 19 years ago. We're really at the point where games aren't getting better anymore after a generational upgrade. More pixels sure, but that's not why we play games.
Seriously is this Arkane‘s way of saying „Fuck you Microsoft, we don’t want to make free Gamepass games?“
I have to admit, after playing over 20 hours on Game Pass and I'm really enjoying it. It's not perfect but worth picking up on a sale.
The stealth kill was my favorite hahaha! 10:55
Redfall review title: "Redfall is an absolute catastrophe of a videogame (Review)" Cyberpunk review: "Cyberpunk 2077 - Review" notice the difference? Cyberpunk 2077 at release is *absolute trash* (it's still trash) with cut content from the game, developers lied, bugs, glitches, etc, and yet the review isn't even half as harsh as Redfall. i guess you didn't want to get blacklisted from CDPR for being too harsh on Cyberpunk after they paid you for free trip, etc etc. 0 integrity.
Microsoft need a new Gears of War asap its their last hope when it comes to exclusives right now, Halo under 343i wont be selling any consoles in the near future so if Xbox dont pull out a win soon I think its gonna be tough times for them for the coming year or two
Big issue to is by time they do say fix the game probably won't be for another year, two or three. I think a prime example is baldurs gate 3. They try to market it as a game that would be finished and they would work on but reality is when you play the game you get like a few hours of playthrough and thats it. And instead of unlocking more content for us to play they just provide quality of life stuff. Now ill admit the game is much better then when it first came out, but we payed full price to basically beta test a unfished version of the game that was filled to the teeth with bugs, crashes ect.
Nothing condemns the game more than actual game footage...
I have watched this review so many times now. It never gets old. It is like driving past the same train derailment over and over and over.  Also let this review be a warning to other publishers when they know the game sucks. If you send a review copy to Ralph and the game sucks you might get a review that says the game sucks so he won't spend too much time on the game. Suddenly refuse to send him a review copy and he will get pissed off and make a review like this. lol If you know your game sucks, you want to send him a review copy and hope he will just mostly ignore the game because it sucks. Because the alternative is worse. Because the alternative is you being hit by an epic review like this.
lol
Until someone goes to jail for this kind of stuff it's never gonna stop.
did they not playtest?
Learn not to play games on a pc with a stinking controller unless they are side scrollers or old emulated games. I was playing Hogwarts with an xbox 360 controller but the mouse keyboard is easier to play and the games runs better that way too. I do use a mouse with 12 side buttons so that helps.
"XBOX" - Slang word for the coffin that all Microsoft 1st Party Studios inevitably get buried in
Saving money by not including animating cutscenes and then charging $70 for the game. We are living in crazy times of video games.
Haha. Same cutscenes as Aquaman on Xbox.
Tears of the Kingdom just come out and System Shock remake is coming out in just a couple of weeks. Arkane couldn't have picked a worse time to release a broken game. 😵‍💫
I think this might actually be the worst release of a triple A game ever. Even fallout 76 had a somewhat appealing idea/gimmick of playing a bethesda fallout game with friends. This has like 0 redeeming qualities. Bad ai, bad tetures, no art direction, no cutscenes, bad stories, barely any enemies, no challenge, guns are boring and done before. like legit i remember there being apologists for 2077 and fallout 76 but like i have seen absolutely no one defend this game. No one was hyped for this, no one cares about it, developers included. also its 70 fucking bucks what a joke
Maybe they can reskin Prey and brand it something like shocked system.
wow i cant believe i overestimated this game by thinking it was open world left for dead with vampires
I stopped watching the video at 2:31 not because your review was bad but because the game and what was described/shown so far in the game bored me. I have never had that happen to me when watching reviews for any other game, this game is so bad it literrally drives people away by sheer force of feeling.
I hadn't heard anything about this game other than the advertisement on my Series X home screen. No negativity from YouTube, no nothing really. So my interest (or lack of) was based purely on what the developers put forth on my Xbox. It just looked like so many other boring last gen games I didn't realize this was being advertised as a AAA Next generation game. It looks so uninspired that I haven't bothered playing even though I have Gamepass and can play at anytime for no addition cost. It just doesn't look good enough to bother freeing up space and clicking an install button.
Watching the film reel section, having played both Dishonored games, after the promising open-door-by-climbing-through-hole part which is just classic Arkane, I expected enemies to spawn in endlessly as you fight your way through to the film room, then have to go fetch a bulb, but the enemies are gone, some are in the basement and some slowly fill in the film room that you've just left from, pondering this magnificent tool as if some parts of their humanity is still there. Then reality hit XD
Bloody Hell! This seriously looks like a beta version or very early access. I was about to buy that, thanks mate - saved me some cash:) Have a subscriber.
This is one reason why I like looking for older unknown gems instead of buying the newest  shovelware title for $70.
This is happening to them because prey was built on an indian burial ground
This is up there with a few articles from restaurant critics as one of the most hilarious critiques of anything I’ve ever seen.  The breaks to show gameplay are inspired.
The games industry got dogpiled by legions of soulless spreadsheet wizards with all the loyalty to fanbases, respect for IP's and utter, balls-out depravity in the way they both treat the people they expect to buy their products but crucially, their own workforce : a cohesive team of artists and creators trying to create an experience that the brain-trust upstairs couldn't sh@t onto a disc if their 401k's depended on it.   And the carousel spins - the franchises change, but the hype and lofty promises are all the same flavour of bullshit they've already coated the walls with from the last ad-campaign.   It's all feeling Kickstartery to me - some of the whoppers being sold in recent years in ad campaigns that dwarfed production budgets to the extent that all it came to symbolize come Launch Day as the GDP of several nations in the shape of a giant middle finger aimed at it's customers (yes, they all signed it 😒 EA still managed to take up most of the real estate, again) set ablaze to a club remix of Money Money Money vs Know Your Enemy..........I'd sooner throw money at the Kickstarter with the funny ideas about what counts as a prostitution ring 😐  We see corruption worn-in and shady in other industries, we hear the horror stories of the lives caught between the gears of an old and immovable agenda, with the influence of the average malevolent corporation - we receive less and less reason to put faith in anything being shoved down ear canals and up against our tired eyeballs.  The very  I a s t  thing that people deserve to have ruined for them in this day and age, are the very finite, often singular purchases that contain the potential (ahem) to take us far, far away from alllllll the other products we're overcharged for that are inherently deceptive, hide flaws that range from poor quality all the way up to being harmful to those who've recently parted with cash earned in a seemingly caustic society, pre-wired to see/hear offense and one that, rain/shine, is always announcing rate hikes, reductions, losses and redundancies.  You could at least proudly sell me a presentable, quality way off this planet in the meantime.
It would appear that Austin is missing it's mojo....
Okay, so sure, my teenaged mind could probably envision bad games to come...  ....but it never occurred to me that it would be the STATE those games would release in that would be the main issue.  If you were to tell me that most Launch Day scenes at corporate publishers resemble an IPO in Wolf of Wall Street......I would buy that, because it would be EASIER to make sense of what amounts to a fully priced, corporate W A N G across the face in terms of "You are the customer, we are rich because of you, here is how we show you OUR loyalty to YOU...."
Bro that "You died"  screen literally looks like its a joke, like when some comedy shows portray someone on the couch gaming and he goes game over you have this typical Pacman esque GAME OVER screen; this whole game is almost a guide on how not to "make" a game, there is an interesting video detailing how UE5 and previous iterations made it alot easier for people who dont understand game design to purchase assets and "gaming systems" that are drag and drop in the engine utilized by the studio, which in turn leads to games like this; an absolute catastrophe.
games are made by people who don’t care about games.
This is one of the funniest, most brutal takedowns you've made.
Microsoft needs to release more bad games, if they will make for more hilarious reviews like this.
I personally do not think this video is a fair representation of Redfall.  I have played through Redfall completely on all characters on PC.  I agree there are optimization issues that shouldn't be there on a game just released but shit happens.  While this video just sits here and points out all the things they think are bad about this game, they neglect to point out the things that are actually a lot of fun.  The shooting / gun play (with keyboard and mouse) is a lot of fun and can create a lot of interesting combinations, The story itself is really good if you actually pay attention to what is going on.  And speaking of the story, if you do not 100% complete the grave locks in this game, you will not know the entire story.   I agree it was released with bugs and optimization problems that it shouldn't have been released with, but the game as a whole is actually a very fun and interesting game to play.
I never  played Dishonored so maybe my expectations were different but I was just playing it on game pass and I kinda loved it… it looks beautiful and has that illustrated style… I didn’t have any significant bugs at all but the AI was kinda stupid but I loved seeing the paramilitary fighting with vampires and the the cultists - like the world had a life of its own. I noticed every house you can pick the lock or hack a keypad. Weapons Wise I got some standard Guns but then on the first mission I got a cool stake launcher.
RIP lance
I briefly tried the pc version via gamepass, while it wasn't very good it didn't seem this broken. the main problem i had is the world was too small and content seemed to be in short supply. i was getting high "rarity" drops as the first drop of their kinds and combat seemed overly simple. the brightly coloured stylised visuals make it seem like a kids game, while the content didn't.  it was just a messy collection of ideas without an editor. it seems like it was probably supposed to be an asymmetric MP and marketing realised those aren't that popular anymore so it became a budget looter shooter
What a waste of such a cool idea. :(
Playin it. Lovin it. I liked Dead Island. This is the exact same. I don't let the internet make my opinions for me. Try it out. Or don't. Whatever lol
This played and felt like a mediocre PlayStation 2 shooter with PlayStation 3 graphics (first generation PlayStation 3 graphics). There are Xbox 360 games with better graphics and gameplay than this game. What the hell happened? Is Nintendo the only Triple A developer nowadays that performs any kind of quality control whatsoever? What an embarrassment.
I’ve been worried about starfield. But not because of this game. Bethesda can barely get its well worn path formula down and it seems like they went into the next level with starfield. I don’t see good things for that game. I see a lot of gamer cope
Redfall feels like a small time indy game in unity
sam eproblem borderlands and dead island has. YAY i found a legendary UNIQUE orrange weapon level 447....next item i find a green casual baseball bat weapon  level 487. Whats the point?. Its just RPG saking for the sake of RPG. Dead island 2 didnt feel any different at the start of the game to the finish of the game. You werent more powerul at the start or the end of the game, i hit zombies just as many times at the start of the game as i did at the end of the game to kill them. because everything levels up with you. I dont see the point of the RPG mechanics. It really is just there for the sake of being there. Id rather find actual UNIQUE items that do SERIOUSLY more damage than anything else and ditch the RPG stuff in its current form. Doing the side missions should give you a unique reward(aesthetically it does sometimes, but if it it does level 447 damage and i find a Green shitty weapon 2 seconds after it that does 500 level damage lol,why bother at that point?). Unless it has purpose. Thats why i once through'd dead island 2 uninstalled yet Left 4 dead 2 and World War Z.....still installed on my PC all these years later.
nice vids, thx dude
I really with was like an open world left for dead with far cry elements
I'm starting to feel like I've wasted money buying a next gen console because the developers are starting to become very lazy by not taking full advantage of this latest hardware. It's been nearly 3 years, and half-baked games are all we have so far.
Reminder for everyone that Steelseries brought us the greatest unintentional comedy of all time: bullyhunters. They really know what gamers want.
The sad thing about the glitches was that some of them I thought were special features in the game.😅
This game sounds horrible.......SHEESH 🥴
As a Gen Xer, I can offer a simple explanation for the way this game is..  Its meant for Gen Z.
This is hilarious Xbox fan boys waiting for bugfield can’t wait till it launches 😂 Sony exclusives are just leagues ahead and still xbots will defend there BS games
You must be dumb to pay full price for this game before reviews dropped
Like old school Farcry? 1 and 2 didn't have any open world progression gating.
I'm glad a game this shitty comes out regularly. Love watching the absolute and well deserved roasting.
This is a fucken PS2 Game.
I hope internet historian does a video about this game like he did with fallout 76
@3:35 Is the guy really small or is the lathe really big?
Pays to be a patient gamer.
When the abandonware Back 4 Blood is a better game than your game you know you done fucked up.
People are actually defending this garbage.
Skill Up is the only journalist I'm willing to follow. I love the honesty.
The IGN person got their soul back
yikes, i'm so glad i stuck with nintendo and didn't jump into the other big consoles   i loved the 360, but i think its time to admit MS has failed. I have a feeling they're heading for a dreamcast ending soon
"Another anti-vampire technique. Which I like to call, 'chair'.      - A quote that will be remember years after we're all long gone & that will be referred to with reverence for its greatness
He one or two head shorted the boss 😂
Red fall out 76
If you like this game in some way, then you deserve to be fucking capped and have your body cremated. I could name far worse fates, but I don’t think Youtube would like it.
I just replayed the Anthem review (showing the background of the game, customized cards with music and jokes, etc.) and, in comparison, I felt this presentation a little... stale and just because it's needed to do. However, I feel it like a good reflection of the game, by the numbers and only a list of checkboxes to run by.
Was this game made  by 3 people?
Man i knew it was shit from that dumb ass trailer.
The game was bad. Thanks to nVidia update drivers that fiasco of game beardly visible display of pastel colors turned into visual acceptable parameters, even if not optimized. I have Xbox game pass for PC and even with this I felt bad for the value of the time spent in this game. Well it's over, and can't say that anything ever improved on this game will bring me back to it. Even the plot left me wanting for a better reason then I want to leave Redfall.
Somehow a game's controls are the next important thing that this Gen of games is messing up.  Arkane sucks at default controls and the overall control feel is still off once you tune it.  40k: Necromunda is another modern game with horrible controls... like, had to turn on aim assist, even after much tuning, and that's typically a no-no for me. 🎯
Because i rebinded the movement keys i cannot strafe so when i press the left/right keys instead of strafing i turn which is completly useless like i am playing a game from the 90s so cannot target enemies and everything else that Skill Up said this game reminds of another bad game from the past called Fire And Forget and in the reviewers own words don't bother firing just forget it.
If i recall, the reason why prey was so enjoyable as it was, was because arcane studios were excited to make a game of that genre, they were given a lot of free movement in developing the game.  This game is not a game they were very excited to make, i dont blame them, i can only imagine all the pressures from the upper management on them
Friendly reminder that Redfall and Days Gone both use UE4. One of these looks like a Xbox 360 title however. Good job on the review embargo too Microsoft.
I always knew Arkana studios was a one trick pony and this along with Deathloop confirmed it.
Are we sure this $70 experience isn't actually a cry for help from a team of kidnapped developers forced to work on a game in a locked basement somewhere? That's what it feels like to me.
Only thing I'll give Redfall is that those cutscenes are pretty standard for Arkane. It's a stylistic choice that they've made in most of their games. I think it works for telling a story in a grim sort of setting.
Woah, woah, woah, hold up.   1:25 You're telling us that THE Arkane Studios - the SAME Arkane Studios who made Prey (2017) are the ones who made THIS?   Man, AAA gaming is really in the ruck, huh?
i went into the custom house and use the stake launcher and one shot the "underboss". there were two cultists about 10 feet away and didnt react. i "snuck" in and grabed the skull and completed the mission. its a mess.
I knew games these day were broken and unfinished on release, but this looks like it's still in beta stage at best. Is this games entire purpose just to see exactly how far they can push it?
Microsoft: lowering the bar of expectations since it began.
I've said it before and ill say it again , game companies should be held liable for releasing content that they've advertised as something different,  ie actually working
im ngl. Complaining about the controls and then saying it doesn't provide you with enough aim assist is pretty dumb.  The rest of it, I can understand but...like, fucking aim.  Don't expect the games to aim for you.  Console players live and die by Aim Assist now a days and its pretty sad to be honest.  Just literally, aim.  That's all you have to do.
I will now talk about. . now we will discuss. . Let me show you. . 😂 Aroane Studios burying their dignity deeper with each shovel of evidence that SkillUp shows. 😅  Cannot believe it's the same studio that made some of the most memorable games I've played.
It's offensive to say Redfall is more like a $20 indie game than a $70 AAA game. Redfall is far worse than a free indie game, even one without microtransactions or whatever. Fortnite Battle Royale has more competent story-based gameplay.
This game looks like the Resistance remastered
This game was so stunning and brave
Really sad how it could have been a neat linear romp.
This makes me wonder what the story is behind this. Arkane is supposed to be good at stealth gameplay.
The game that literally nobody asked for/was hyped for.
Hyperbole
AAA-games are getting more and more entertaining these days! sure they're bad, but at least i get entertained by all the contendcreators covering said games.
It seems publishers can't let go of the live services model. Even games that aren't technically live services look and play as if the publisher wanted a live service but had to compromise and we get the worst of everything instead.
10:59 this is actually something i like. i hate having to watch a cutscene everytime i want to stealth kill someone in a game. i like it the old school way, like in thief where i can just bonk them and move on
Agree with your review critique 100%...  Redfall has so many problems in every category, thin story, characters, unfinished, buggy as hell, and the utterly monotonous "needle in a hay stack" searches for quest items! It goes on and on... Disappointment doesn't even begin to describe my experience with this game... At least I'm playing on Xbox using Game Pass, so I didn't have to waste 70 bucks on this mess!
I think the most surprising thing about Redfall is that there was a human being, or at least I assume there was a human being, that thought that this was going to be a good game. Games are very bad right now and will probably never be good again, and it's solely due to the people making them.
I mean.. It is published by Bethesda. If you bought it and knew that, blame yourself.
It makes me laugh that the Triple A gaming industry is trying to move to that $70 price tag as standard for their games, yet the quality gets worse and worse each year, with only a few exceptions. Your games aren't even worth the old $60, yet you have the balls to demand $70 for piles of dogshit like this. I truly hope every buggy pile of crap priced at $70 crashes and burns so the industry finally gets it across their thick skulls that the key to success isn't charging more, it's making a good product.
Just going to say it... I don't believe Arkane has made a single decent game other than Dishonored which is mid at best.
I'd say that Arcane delegated game design to their summer interns to complete over the summer....but I know several tech interns and I am 100% sure that they'd do a better job than this.
This game brings serious concerns over Bethesdas Golden Goose. The Elder Scrolls.
Isn't Prey and Redfall were made by basically different Arcane studious? Because if it's the same devs, i cannot fathom what the fuck bethesda did to them.
This is pathetic. I really hope people start to get responsible for these crappy games we have been receiving from years now. And, "gamers", please, stop preordering games and paying for microtransactions in the 2020's. You are the main responsibles for all this mess, corporates just keep doing this because they see profit
If you wasted 70 dollars on this steaming pile of shit, I laugh in your face 😂
I think that, unfortunately, worrying sbout Starfield is very warranted. I think it's going to fail as a bethesda classic, it's not going in the same pedestal as tes iv: oblivion, tes v: skyrim, or even fallout 3.
What the f**k was Arkane thinking releasing this hot pile of shit? I got bored just watching your gameplay. Gunplay is absolutely terrible. With games like MW2 and its AMAZING gunplay about, this is unacceptable.
For all the well meaning artists and coders involved with this game, you have my sympathies being associated with this whole debacle. For the execs involved with releasing this broken garbage and taking the public's money, F.U.
11:00 mins - proper laughed out loud at that. Great review. Redfall looks absolutely horrific. I’m glad I never have the need to go anywhere near it!
This is sad :/ It physically hurts!
Did they just copy and paste the sniper from Borderlands?
This game reminds me of Goldeneye N64. Only that game fkn ruled and is 26 years old 😅
"Stop me if you can"   Vergils chair.
How are you surprised? When a good game comes out that's the surprise now
More like downfall
Every time a new AAA game comes out that would once have fallen into a genre I liked, I am reminded why I do not buy AAA games anymore.
Sad but true
They should fire phil Spencer
Arkane should remake BRINK (2011) the video game
I reckon Arkane has a DIE problem
Gonna pirate it and complete it just for lolz. Bethesda will not a get a single dollar from me for this.
That story of how Arkane went from Mooncrash to this, all that corporate debauchery, that is the real entertainment. I would buy that book.
I really hope this game makes people wake up and realize that just because your favorite developer made a great game in the past it does not excuse them putting out mediocre garbage later down the line. You would think after CP2077 that lesson would’ve been learned but here we are yet again
So uh, anyone got any hobby ideas? Looking for a new one
Just want to point out that durning the “I ran across the map and found no enemies” you do interact with some vampires a little bit into the speed up.  As well I could 100% guarantee if there were more vampires and cultists roaming around the tune would be “there are far too many bag guys around”
I feel like this was released to make reception of Starfield better. When it comes out buggy and glitchy, at least it'll be better than Redfall!
Its like every studio is competing to produce the shitest game foe the highest price point.  Im so confused by gaming nowadays.
lol yeah *gameplay* is the problem w/this piece of garbage ha ...
So what was a worse release, Redfall or Cyberpunk??? I know Cyberpunk was eventually fixed, but was it this bad on release?
I'm thinking Bethesda must be to blame here
Check the game's credits. Whilst there's still veterans in key positions even at the Austin studio, 70-80% of the world/level design team consists of people who've never worked on an Arkane game before -- but rather open world stuff all over the industry, from Mafia to Saints Row over Far Cry and Destiny. The OW design lead previousl worked at Bioware on ME Andromeda and ... (fittingly?) Anthem. A lot of these people where hired as recent as early 2022 too according to their LinkedIn (which probably says a bit about the game's development process...)  That's not accounting for the people that Colantonio took with his to WolfEye after Prey -- the "flop" that hurt some. The credits of Weird West show more than a dozen people who've prior worked at Arkane or collaborated with them. Prey's system lead meanwhile has moved on to Bungie. Rich Wilson, lead level designer on Prey, is at Archetype.
So many bullshit nitpicks in this video. Yes this game is shit, but some of your complaints are hilarious.
A minute and a half in- even Cyberpunk 2077 had a movie playing in the background when you were at the MOVIE THEATER  Do these devs not know how movies work?
Bro its been a while since I had such a good laugh lol. At least the game is funny
Bethesda hasn't released a finished or relatively-bug-free game since before Oblivion. Why is anyone aurprised?
Usually it's a given that I'll buy a Bethesda game, having been my go-too all my life since Oblivion and Fallout 3. ... I don't think I'll be pre-ordering Starfield or buying it at all until after I see reviews now.  Because it's no longer a given, there is so little integrity and competency in the gaming industry these days with western studios.  Only France, Asia, and Indies are keeping the industry afloat these days.
Look at the studio team photos from around Dishonored 1-2 and then look at the team photos recently / around Redfall. There is a trend, throughout most of gaming.  Also coincides with similar trends throughout Western fields, industries and economy, a general decline in quality felt almost everywhere. Game Studios are not just a name, they're the people that make it up.  Studios keep changing their people until few if any originals remain, and their games decline.
It's definitely has issues, but there is fun there, as far as cut scenes, I don't care about the  them
Even F76 made more fun at release than this game... I played it at release and had some fun playing and exploring the world of Appalachia. Because besides all the issues it had, the Worldmap was rly well crafted, it had diverse places with unique Enemies to it, it was rly fun to explore. And now, now F76 became actually a decent game, it has NPCs like in Fallout 3 & 4, with skillbased dialoge, good questlines and interesting characters. Heck you even have to make decisions, and depending on them the game changes a bit. They still bring content and new dlcs for free for the community, and the community in F76 are rly cool people. They put a lot of Roleplaying into their characters. But , But with Redfall, i have 0 Hope that Arkane can manage to bring something similar like F76 or NoMansSky. That they could redeem the game. There is no Aim what this game even wants to be, the world looks boring, the map is empty. I dont understand what Arkane was thinking here, or which drugs they used. But what the hell is this game? I can not believe that those are the same people who did Dishonored and Prey. Holy Moly.
I get the feeling MS looked at this and said "this is never going to be good, just fucking release it". Hope Starfield works, I'm almost done with Xbox.
Double tap gets you into your third weapon, not sure if that was patched in with the recent update though. You still need to remember what order your guns are in though. Still not great.
that stealth kill 😀
At least you'll be playing it on the most powerful console ever made.
As a destiny fan, it's always satisfying when I hear it used as the good example against a bad game. It's a nice reminder that we're long past the days of the game being considered a total joke in every regard.
With all the money funneled into this industry im starting to feel like whatever new generations of people going into fields just arent as good at their jobs as the previous.
As a creative, it hurts my soul when games end up like this. There were tens, possibly hundreds of hard working artists and engineers who poured years of their lives into any given game, and for the end result to be of such low quality - it just sucks.
Apologising to IGN reviewers. This is what we've been reduced to.
walking around looking for things so you can progress. hmm. yeah no. That's what I do on the worst day of the week at work.
This is why i never Pre-Order anything. Like never-ever.
This game really makes you feel like you spent 70 dollars on an unfinished game.
I wanna play it...
About the Theatre  I came across a named Vampire named Luminere something even mentioned in  file in the basment. But that was before the quest. I wonder if one visit an area before one have quest there and clear out key enemies maybe that will make the quest messed up?  On the other hand I have seen some enemies spawn in and out at random so don't know how things work.
This kinda felt incredibly nitpicky at times dude - like i get it, its an indepth review and you should talk about all the stuff but damn, a lot of issues you found seem to be taken in bad faith
Redfell over and could never get back up
All these videos are pointless. Consumers will keep pre-ordering and buying these broken games. People don't need to buy a game day 1 or to pre-order. Wait for a view f*cking days and a view reviews to be published before you get the game. Seriously, if you keep buying this broken shit, then stop f*cking complaining about it.
Being from New Zealand all I can really say is.....chur.
You say rough video.....I say brilliant video. I had a fantastic time watching this, thank you.
Do you know another Vampire Game that does this still pictures and standing beside some humanoid figures shit? It's Code Vein.
No ammount of updates will fix this game.   sadly this game just isn't fun or entertaining or anything.   I can imagine some people will be losing jobs over this one.
I refuse to believe that these are the same guys who made the Dishonored games.
The comparison with dead island tho, is funny, that is an awesome game.
Hey bro just thought to let you know DF mentioned your scathing review of Redfall in their latest weekly. ❤
Bad as this game is I've strangely enjoyed it...I went into it like id go to a bad movie and when it's awful I just laugh and ask who's idea was this?
HOLY SHIT! I heard the game was bad, but hadn't looked into it past that, _definitely_ didn't expect it to be THIS bad...
I see Destiny catching stray bullets
When talking about the absolute disaster the game is, is more fun than playing it 😂😂😂😂
One of the biggest immersion killers for me was the "sucking" noise that the vampires make constantly that doesn't sound anything like sucking. Literally just the sound of a takeaway cup that's nearly empty with a straw in it would have sounded better.
Star field is not looking promising at all lol
Something tells me this has Microsoft fingerprints all over it.  If that’s that case than Bethesda fans I’m sorry.  Your favorite gaming studio is about to go the way of Rare
I hope this is just some left over from Bethesdas suicide strategy that made them think Young Blood and Fallout 76 were good ideas.
The owl hooting in the back made me laugh @19:05
It just works.
1:22 was that pop in... In a cutscene where nothing happens? How pathetic is that!? Glad i got a ps5 to wait for spiderman 2 crumbs instead of this. Not trying to start console wars down here (we got forespoken lol) but damn, if i got the new console for *CUTTING EDGE* *NEXT GEN* experiences and a first party title had pop in on a still image, id cry.
Are they issuing a full refund for this massive let down?
Your video reviews of bad games appear to get more views than good ones, funny that.
Can’t wait for the noclip documentary on this trainwreck.
Shame considering Zenimax Online which is part of Bethesda made awesome ESO... Can they just talk to each other between studios for support and feedback?
Oh damn i admit i never really followed this game as it seems kinda generic but given the topic and even presentation in trailers i always thought for some reason that it is supposed to be a multiplayer deathmatch game. Humans against vampires, but apparently not but coop focus works for this too. They could do something like a left 4 dead or idk. Bot damn this is so comical that it is unbelivable, it was obviously supposed to be a way more complicated a feature rich game but they just couldn't finish it at all. This isn't even a prototype or concept level it's insane. This might be the worst release that i have seen in a long time. Bugs and bad performance is always kinda ok but games that aren't finished at all and were put together in the last moment are the real problem. And i mean this just seems even worse than Battlefield, Cyberpunk or No man's sky.
Wow, just... wow
F
Bethesdas influence over Arcane and its Fallout 76 fingerprints are all over this game. Have fun with Starfield Xbox players.
Arkane has earned one stinker.  Let's all agree to forget about this one.
So, I've been replaying through the Dishonored series recently. Wanna know the most insane thing I realized? The first Dishonored, a game from fricking 2012! has mechanics and immersive sim elements decades ahead of Red Fall. WTF happened Arkane?!!?! What happened to you guys?!?!?!
7:05 MINOR CORRECTION Watchers arent alerters, they're snipers. If you initiate a fight with them around, after about 10-15 seconds, they'll start doing unavoidable attacks until you break LoS. I only know this because they killed me once.
They knew how bad it was, but pushed it out anyway asking $69 to $99 from the customers to have the privilege of beta testing their unfinished game.
I found the ai to be a little better on the second island
The amount of biased language in this video is exhausting. The game is bad on its own, you dont have to kick them when they're down. Just go on the facts. I'd rather finish redfall than watch another video by this guy
Triple A game wanna B
The only ways the state of gaming will change/improve are: -People stop preordering games before it has been fully launched and proved to be the advertised quality, by seasoned reviewers. -National bodies are created to legally hold game developers to account for their false advertising.
With Bethesda allowing or forcing Arkane, who used to make some of the best single player focused games of all time, to make this.....then how can anyone be excited for Starfield? There is no way that game is going to be anything but more of the worst of Redfall, Fallout 76, and Fallout 4 all distilled into 1000 planets of emptiness and copy paste.
i was wondering why you were so hung up on animated scenes, then i saw it was a 70$ game.  i don't agree with it being a problem to need to wait someone where to view content, that is childish. people need patience. whether the content itself is boring or not is subjective.  "no aim assist" and this is why people say play with a keyboard and mouse. if you say you need the game to help you aim.  7:10 the visuals look great, there is nothing bland about it.  7:41 so what? 2 minutes? are you serious? that is such a small amount of time. i actually like how this isn't john wick and enemies are in every location that exists.  8:31 so over half the game is walking around nice looking locations? not an issue in itself. but we are provided weapons and should expect more from a 70$ game.  9:15 this was an interesting perspective. the original Deus Ex was a great game. maybe some aspects didn't age well. but it stands out among games of its era.  the game not stopping because you go into a menu isn't a bad idea by default. - my gripes aside, it is a well made video, i  appreciate the time and effort you put into this! keep doing great work!
If anything, I feel bad for y'all game reviewers when you HAVE to play these games, so we, the common people, don't have to suffer. this is so disappointing, Prey was one of my all time favorite games, right up there with Dishonored and I was looking forward to this more than many other games this year. Thank you for saving my time and money <3
We need an investigative video on how this happened.
I wonder. At some point I think something needs to happen, maybe legislatively? Maybe for a start, banning the ability to completely cut off journalists from reviewing the game pre-launch. Why do we allow that to happen? For any industry? Not sure where to go after that, maybe robust video game refund laws?
How? That's the most baffling question. How did this happen? It's not rhetorical. This is just baffling to me.  Did... did they just give up at some point?
wow what a review!
Aim assist is for people who can't aim. It should never be a standard, at most a feature that can be activated and should be deactivated by default no matter whether you play with thumbs or with a mouse.
Cassette Beasts!
Lol. Im not gonna lie this looks kinda fun in a campy ps1 sort of way.
What the hell happened here? The quality dip from Prey to Redfell REEKS of studio interference. It's gotta be the fault of Zenimax, I refuse to believe that the same people that released one of my all time favorite games were happy with this product.
Its pretty obvious this was going to be shit knowing how bad Deathloop is. Have to be an idiot to buy this
> how to explode a car in redfall  This is literally how you explode cars in almost every single shooter.
Choo choo Charles has better cinematics lmao
I've worked it out. They've made a really high quality wad for the original Doom. No cut scenes, keys are the only way to progress, controller feel from the 90s, basic AI, and you have to cycle through weapons without a keyboard. Really, we should be impressed.
Who cares if it's a good game as long it's diverse enough. 🤡
Off topic, capitalism is bad and we must progress past all Cold War era models of human organization.
I haven't seen any actual in game footage of redfall until this. I'm genuinely shocked that this is what a AAA game looks like in current year. It's indistinguishable from a low to medium budget ps3 game, that had no art style in particular. There doesn't even appear to be any ambient occlusion in the environments. What the hell happened?
Redfall isn’t an answer to Sony’s and Nintendo’s exclusives. HI-Fi Rush is. Though Microsoft is to dumb to market that game and put it right out onto gamepass when it dropped instead of selling such a high quality game. Now I’m not saying Hi-Fi Rush is God of War or Zelda level but it’s good, it’s fun, it’s worth the money. That’s a good step for Xbox vs whatever the fuck Redfall is.
I’ve never been more confused by a game release in my life
To think I was excited hurts my soul xbox can't ever get anything right where's the games at redfall was hot garbage to think I busted my as to get a series x 2 years ago for 800$
No animation cut scenes is wicked why would they do that💀💀💀💀
Hahahaha Xbox fanboys stay takin L's
I'm getting sick of the shifting stills thing.  It can have a neat effect, but I can only assume it's just a cost-saving/effort-saving trend, with how prevalent it is.
As a guy who plays Skyrim almost exclusively for the Dawnguard DLC just to kill vampires (I hate vampires so much) i was honestly kinda looking forward to this game a little. Open world vampire hunter game with a large arsenal of weapons to genocide then with...how could it possibly fail?
Love how Ralph sounded dead inside and totally dispassionate throughout the review lmao!
Thats what xbox ang game pass is quantity over quality
When you have to apologize to an IGN game reviewer because it's not actually their fault that their gameplay footage is shit, you know the game handles pretty poorly.
I'm convinced anyone that defends this trash heap even slightly is a NPC.  "i'M eJoYiNg It" these "people" would find watching paint dry entertaining...
that smell.... it reeks of.... triple A
Having not played it, it has that look that reminds me of Prey... easily one of my favorite games of all time. Legitimately makes me upset this fell so short
AAA gaming man....is da best
A bethesda game after fallout 76, and  after getting $7600 MILLION from MICROSOFT´S BUY , and people  STILL pre-ordered, i think this game is even too good for you, you dont deserve cut scenes, or AI I will laugh at you all again with Starfield, FANBOIS
Bro ur speaking facts, but with Bethesda working on the most ambitious game in history with starfield, I’m ok with wasting some time with a free game until then. And Starfield will be free too. If u say it’s not, then it’s ur own fault for paying $70. Edit: even when they did the announcement about Starfield and revealed Redfall, they even talked about as kind of afterthought, behind Starfield, elder scrolls 6, and fallout 5, so it wasn’t all that hyped up like everyone is saying.
Omg this is trash
This is a 0 out of 10 should have been scrapped end of story.
it's fun but, blah blah blah. it's fun was all I need
Prey was such a good experience. This looks like my cats butthole!
What a depressive game
Is there anything redeemable about this game? Gotta be one of the worst AAA titles of all time
The lack of enemy variety alone would be enough to keep me away. This looks like a complete disaster. I can only guess that there is some serious management problem at this studio. Embarrassing.
so i did not have high expecations for this game. but looking into it a bit i did not realize it was fallout 76 bad...
In my opinion with the exception of Dishonored, Arcane games have always felt terrible on controller. So when I heard they were making a pure action first person shooter I kinda figured it was gonna play horribly.
This is the future of video games, and honestly looks like an AI created it.
I’m really getting sick of seeing promising games get rushed out in a half-finished state. What is the rush, exactly? There’s plenty other games out there, we can wait a little longer for the latest FPS.
Another thing that bothers me about games these days is the fact that every single fucking game has hit points. I don’t want to have to play a game with numbers flashing on the screen every time I hit an enemy.
This honestly makes me want to cry.... As a 35yr old man.... Hoping one day they'll return to Prey and Dishonored.... If this is the best now... It's just going to be pain. Reminds me of Ubisoft.... I know it was a lot longer ago they descended into the abyss of abject imbecility but still I remember living through it and it fucking hurt.
If armored core 6 does better than Starfield, Bethesda is in trouble.
First of all, wat the hell why are most reviews for console realses done on PCs? If it was not made for the PC, don't review on it. I have half the issue, if any, on any you people do on any damn game. If you are not bum rushing the game. Then we have the idea praise the most retarded games claiming innovation that has not been innovative since nontendo back in the damn 80s. Point is not focusing the games and different styles not just your in and your followings. In playing games 3-4× longer than any of these reviews I found this to be true. Playing you find there are days and nights where the vampires are the only ones out at night. I had vampires and enemies following across the city. Only saved by the military enemies attacking them. Considering you didn't put much into this you review is shit just like you claim the game to be. Even though I didn't care for the game much either.
So what you're saying....is this game is good? Lol
So it is another game like forspoken :)
Wait, so you mean Wokefall is just another social shovelware game that's feels lifeless as the minority group it represents? Nah, no way! I was REALLY looking forward to this "game".
"A well respected studio known for great games is now making generic, barely functional multiplayer trash". Arkane is the new BioWare.
Did they just literally put a 5 second delay on simply turning on a generator? Did they just see 'dead by daylight' and thought it's such a great idea lets do it for no reason? Tbh all the wheel delays look way too long
Worth A Buy made a very good point with his follow up video on Redfall: Why didn’t the games journalists who previewed this game 9 days before it’s launch mention/remark on the very obvious issues this game had?
LOL I am not about to read all the books and notes I keep running into in the game.
How did we get here? How did human beings go from Deus Ex to... this?
Feels bad to  be a gamer lately, the bucket of games that are great feels much smaller than games that are incomplete on release
while redfall is a pretty shit game, i feel like you did it dirty. you were talking about the problems with the story in that it’s just told through random dialogue or texts, but this seemed to be no problem for you in elden ring.
I absolutely love arkane as a developer, i love dishonored, i love deathloop, but this just seems like its lacking in passion and love. I hate to see them put something like this out.
starfield gonna facepalm
My friend sent me this video when I asked him to play red fall with me and that I was having a great time with it and watching this video infuriated me. This YouTuber is a disgusting person. At bare minimum 70% of what he said was an intentional lie to hurt the game for some reason. One example he exposes in this video is he says there’s no enemies in the movie theater basement, in actuality there’s a mini boss down there he shows himself fighting at 27:35. This person has some vendetta against this game for some reason and is actually fabricating stuff. When he’s talking about how simple the remnant bosses are, he maxed out his invisible damage and ult ability so that he was able to make them appear easy on the easy mode. He says he’s almost done with the game, he has only faced the first boss and completed the very first area. All of his clips except like 2 are from the starting area. What a raging dumpster fire of a human. I would never try and hurt someone’s business due to my own personal feelings about it.
SO this is the power of Diversity Hire development.
Hey we made a video game, but we somehow forgot to add some enemies to the world.
The crazy part is that all of these problems are evident within 1-2 hours of playing. Everything SkillUp says here, I saw in the first 2 hours. I said nope, not wasting my time, and moved on. Too many other good games coming out right now.
This is basically Hellgate London but for 2023, awful physics and repetitive.
so confused when he got to the part when he said he was only level 12 when he beat the game? currently level 20 and am only 64% through. weird
Thank God he said the aiming sux...but there is a ridiculous lag with the right stick it's awful...the dead zone is maybe the worst ever
Another "Triple A" title that is also available on Xbox game pass looking like a budget title!?  I'm Shocked...just shocked!  Quck someone get me a Pikachu shock face emoji!
Unfortunately Microsoft's been on a downhill slide for some time now. I had the original xbox, the  360, and the One. I don't believe in fanboy stuff, but they were my go-to console for the longest time. But I had to nope out last gen. The hard truth is they've been awful since the launch of the xbox one, they promised and promised but those promises never materialized. This gen started on the same old promises but we get this... A lot needs to change at Microsoft, and if anything their rampant mismanagement is all the more reason they shouldn't be allowed to just acquire studios. I was excited at the announcement of Fable, Avowed, ES 6, and a new Perfect Dark.  But who knows when those will come (or if they ever will, looking at you Scalebound), and when they do what state will they be in? I have some confidence in Obsidian but everything else, who knows.  Really hoping something changes for team green, because they've meant a lot to me in the past. But for now, Sony and Nintendo are the only ones worth buying into.
I would love to hear an interview with the team or even a dev
Fallout 76 2023?
The one enemy in the theater😆
Feel like 25% of this review was whinging over "the NON-ANIMATED cutscenes"   Like you clearly have real problems to talk about. This seems like such a minor issue in comparison
Still remember how Bethesda said that it willl focus on singeplayer games more… but that was a lie it seems
Those cut scenes have a strong Duke Nukem 3D feeling. And I don't mean based on the story telling, but the technical sides of things. ;-)
This kind of thing is absolutely horrific. It's hilarious that we've gotten to this point, this should be absolutely criminal.
I start to wonder if the devs dont like Xbox 🙂
This is insane. We know Arkane as a studio can produce quality content. Was it unrealistic time constraints? Was it actually a B team putting the game together? I've played (and worked on) source mods that have better content and gameplay. This is absolutely unacceptable from a triple A studio. What the hell happened?
Damn. Champions of krynn dem more advanced in AI. Gameplay.  Graphics I actually like.
So basically this is Deathloop...which was nominated for Game of the Year
God I absolutely LOVE Prey <3 Also, that crack about the stealth take down animation made me spit up my drink hahaha. Gold :D Oh and I almost cried laughing at the human enemy encounter xD
Prey was really good, but sadly the game didnt sell too well, ever since prey and deathloop arkane studios has been bleeding money and im sure thats one of the reasons why there's no cutscenes in this game.
Geez this game is rough 😂 Imagine spending $70-$100 for this? Lol   If a new game has a similar art style to Fortnite than it’s going to be Trash 😂 🤣
I think it’s been blown out of proportion I’ve had a bit of fun it’s not much of a thinking game it’s a bit of fun and hunting vampires sure some animation particularly on the in game footage in the cinema would have been nice and sometimes there are floating vampires but in general it’s a bit of fun.
what an absolute and utter dumpster fire
Dishonored-masterpiece Dishonored 2-masterpiece Prey-masterpiece Deathloop-masterpiece Redfall-literally the worst full price game ever made
Came here to satisfy my curiosity as what the fuss was about Redfall. OMG - it looks terrible.
Xbox owners finally have something to play 🙏
I won't contest any other point you're making, but the "is it too much to ask for animated cut-scenes" is a prima sort gamer spoilage. Animated cut-scenes are a form of expression and exposure that can be preferred over other, but complaining about a game not having any is like complaining that Dark Souls doesn't have shotguns.
Duct tape and chicken Wiyuh lmao😂
Man, I’m glad I’ve been feeling more compelled to buy books and tabletop games than video games lately because shits been WiERd.
I mean… the death animation of the last regional boss was kinda cool I guess…
That's not the proper use of the word "explode." Something can explode, but only referring to itself. If you explode, it is you exploding.
Didn't realise just how bad this was. Yikes!
I find it odd how hard console fanboys stick up for such blatantly shit exclusive games  on their favorite consoles. Just admit it, man, PS5 and XSX has had some absolute garbage exclusives, one more than others though…
I'm so glad I wasn't drinking anything during the Rook guide because I would've spit all over the screen after hearing step four, lmao.
Chair
Oh my goodness man.... thank goodness I didn't pre order this game or jump the gun at buying it at all. Watching you walk that distance without an enemy was pretty bad.
If the game dev doesn’t care to finish the game then why should I? Lol fucking awesome
I'm so sorry, IGN person. We didn't think that a big budget AAA-level game released in 2023 could control like this much ass.
The core of the story is actually a cool idea. It would have been a neat base to build a 'Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth' spiritual successor on and Arkane should have been the studio to build that game as a cool immersive sim/detective game, exploring this town and uncovering that something is going on with the town's residents and the mystery surrounding the town's strange goings-on. It actually reminds me a lot of Dark Corners in that it feels like a game that was originally supposed to be one thing, then was forced to become another thing and then shoved out the door half-baked and unfinished.
Microsoft-XBox shows contempt for gamers. They must have a very low valuation of Xbox gamers to push out stuff like Redfall. Sony, on the other hand, respects and loves gamers. You can tell by the quality of their exclusives. I bought an XBox360 in 2009 and saw no reason to replace it. XBox has lost me. I have bought one each of the PS3, PS3 Slim, PS4, PS4 Pro and PS5.
Hilarious pile of shit.
Is this what a game built for GamePass will feel like? Cheap, rushed and and amateurish?
This WHOLE game is a Bad idea..A Beta in early development, pushed onto the market with a Dildo up it's Ass. What an emberasment 🤮🤮🤮
This video seems more like an exercise in purposely thinking of possible negatives for everything in the game. I could also endlessly make up things I "don't like" about any game I've played.
You sir are a master vampire hunter. Walking backward and to the left. If only the heroes had known this in every vampire movie. Your amazing skills at the movie theater and killing the bosses were also impressive. I am definitely going to give this a miss. What a piece of garbage. "If a developer can't be bothered to finish their game, why should I?" LOL sick burn
I hope the developers watch this video.  This game is at least a year from complete.
It isn't an absolute catastrophe of a video game, it would mean that there are actually good AAA video games out there and this one would be significantly worse. But all of them suck nowadays, and this one is just a bit worse. The last positive surprise I had was DOOM: Eternal, it was significantly better than his already good predecessor. When was the last time you could say that a game was better than its predecessor, or another game of the same developer? It's otherwise, every new game gives you the wish to make a video with a title like "Physics|Gameplay|Fun Comparison - GTA San Andreas vs. Super Duper Next-Gen MEGA GAME X". I mean, they nailed it how combat and AI should work back in the days of F.E.A.R., but here we are, the AI is dumber than ever, but you wouldn't want to shoot at it anyway.
Looks like this game is off to a more worse start than fallout 76. Sucks to see Bethesda also published this garbage, Todd cant catch a break.
Why I love the steam controller.  Manually set different speed/sensitivity for when the aim  button is pressed.
No else needs to make a Redfall video. This covers everything. Arkane Studios must have had a complete employee turnover. There is no way this current studio was involved in any of the previous games.
Reminds me of FPS in the early 2000's.
Since you didn't really play multiplayer, I would like to present to you the multiplayer experience.  1) You can't see your teammate's shots. When they shoot, nothing happens. It looks like they are force users and enemies just die for no reason from their force choke move. I thought I'd made an error and set the game to low detail, but nope. Arkane seem to have decided teammate bullet animations are going to be too system heavy.   2) Teammates often animation glitch, and for a good part of one session, my friend's character decided he'd prefer to live in the floor for my view, strobe glitching in and out of it. After we fast traveled to try fix this, his character turned into a vampire and decided to float everywhere instead. I tried to exit to fix it, and that's where I discovered point 3."  3) If you quit a multiplayer session, it quits EVERYONE and progress to that point is sometimes totally lost. Their matchmaking system is from the early 2000s. You have to invite a player before you enter the game, and enter together. You can't just jump in and out of your friend's session, you either start together, or you have to get them to start it with you. There was a bug at some point which force disconnected me, and everyone else was quit out. We lost 2 hours of progress too since upon realoading, it hadn't saved for some reason.  It was at that point, everyone involved uninstalled the game since we were all playing it on the PC gamepass, and were done with it's bullshit. If you've paid $80 for this alpha release game, I'm so sorry. I hope you can refund it.
I could truly see this as an epic free game within the next few months lol
Dishonored is the game that got me into gaming with its sheer brilliance. Now seeing Arkane being reduced to this really hurts
I feel like it was obvious from the beginning I don’t know how people were excited about this game
Man thankfully I'm not a big looter shooter fan and wasn't hyped for this game, but if they fuck up Starfield I'm gonna be upset. Got a Xbox over PS for that game alone...
42 seconds in, is that pop in that’s happening on objects on the table (lower right and almost center) during a non animated scene? My god.
Worried about Starfield? I know i am and have zero confidence in it. I mean..The Official Gameplay Trailer (the thing they use to "SHOW OFF" to the whole world) we saw had enemies have no reaction (at all, not even a twitch) to getting shot.. but sudden death animation when the hp br is zero... hell, DOOM at least had enemies REACT to getting shot!  The kind of uncanny, stiff, dead quality every NPC in all Bethesda games have for some reason and they decided its good enough. Probably is, people will still buy anything that Bethesda will shove their way.
how do you have the patience to play such shitty games? I guess we should thank you for doing it so we don't have to. The future of gaming has never looked so bad.
It looks like you're playing a Roblox game with fancy graphics.
This is simple money laundering, and an investigation team should follow it closer 👮👮
1:50 Eyes up, Guardian
Well you could see the downfall of Arkane with prey ... Or the atrocity they called prey... Without UFOs, native Americans, and soul wandering (just give me a confirmation of the actual original prey already).... Basically that has nothing to do with prey and the only gameplay loop that was excessive backtracking. You couldn't count on 2 hand how often the game send you back to the same places over and over. It was a joke in level and gameplay design, and deathloop added bad ai to the mix. Now with this game they managed to merge all their bad decisions and development into a single game.
Starfield will be released as a dumpster fire... count on it.
Frankly, that last bit about how Microsoft should have intervened... Are you sure that they didn't? Full tinfoil hat mode here, but a lot of the game looks like it was stitched together from already existing assets in a rush. And a lot of the things that plague the game seem like the stuff publishers like. "Yes, make it a looter-shooter, that's popular with the kids" and "We need it to be open world, Elden Ring was open world, right?"  It is my genuine belief that Arcane did at some point have a better game in the making and were forced to abandon what would have made the game better in exchange for things the publisher figured would appeal to a wider audience.
Fun fact: There is aim assist, provided you're playing on PC with a controler. I've heard one person complain that it's so aggressive that it can make moving your aim away from an enemy (i.e. in order to hit an explosive container) near impossible.
Damn
This review was so hilarious I had to watch it twice. I love how you manage to mix in comedy. It's great. I don't understand how anyone would let this game launch in this state. They had to be reaaally disconnected with the game or something. Unfortunate release for sure.
Why do all shooters nowadays insist on having math hitmarkers now? Its so damn unnecessary.
More and more convinced starfield will be average at best and unplayable at worst.
The vampires in the gane must have sucked all other lives out of the game.
Resistance 3 looks better than this lol
Old Doom simulator, but with less enemies. Haha ;D
Damn, I was pretty hyped for this but it's garbage, I could probably make a better video game. What on earth happened?!
People are getting so tired of the open world looter shooter with crafting and collectibles finally. A little late considering its been tired for years but why put this game out now lmao what did they expect. Disregarding the lack of polish it wouldnt have worked anyway cos its serving to a market that is dissapearing
Strangely the artwork feels a lot like the first level/area of 'the secret world'  form 10 years ago , yet that level is infinitely superior.... (things like the 'crow' boss for instance)
I often disagree with Skillup. Particularly god of war ragnarok. Imho it was just ok and nothing more but this game is absolutely embarrassing. This is the type of game, you wouldn’t even play if it was a ps plus game.
Not like it wasn't obvious from the first trailer. Honestly, after seeing so many companies bullshitting, you just know how the game will end up even before the release.
I'm glad they made it $70.  If it were $50 I would have pre ordered and wasted my money.
they´ll fix that with a roadmap.
29:28 thats a understatement       If Starfields launch is any near like this Bethesda's satus as a  AAA stuido should be suspended  its already shaky thanks to fallout 76 now this       Especially with the ridiculous amount of development time they have had to get it right 8 years since fallout 4 when starfield is supposed the release..........and lets try to ignore the next Elder Scrolls already been over 10 YEARS the last game like ffs
Damn arkane was one of the goat developers, dishonored and prey are amazing, and while death loop isn't my fancy I understand why it is so well loved. Redfall is such a disappointment
"Redfall: just play dishonored" It's like they reskinned Dishonored 2, added modern things like cars and guns, removed everything that made it amazing and clicked submit. I was so looking forward to a Arkane game inspired by dishonored, but set in the modern world. Glad I waited for some YT reviews.
I guess we need to go back to IGN and replace the dislike button to like.
The still frame cut scenes worked well for Dishonored (same devs) because they were basically just showing the effects of the actions you took during previous missions and setting the scene for the next one (the art was great too). In this game it just feels awful, out of place, and cheap. Also, there were animated cutscenes in Dishonored during the missions like when you talk to the outsider. Maybe they felt the still frame thing is part of their dev style, but it was the wrong choice here.
People need to get it through their heads that Microsoft is NOT interested in quality games, they are only interested in quantity of games that they can rush out to put onto Game Pass. This is a direct result of Microsoft interference. Anyone who thinks that Microsoft will use its deep pockets to make quality games HASN'T been paying attention & is delusional. Halo should be a clue. Even Gears turned to crap under Microsoft. Remember Crackdown 3? Phil Spencer recently stated that they (X-Box) doesn't feel that quality games sell Consoles. Let that sink in...He admitted that they are NOT interested in quality, just rushed games that they can put on Game Pass. And notice that Microsoft is totally willing to charge full price ($70) for this garbage.
tldw  Had a decent enough time on console. No crashes, only minor bugs.
Hopefully Microsoft learned a lesson here and that’s not to make it easy for YouTubers and these sort of critics to get their reviews up before people have played the game. Hopefully with Starfield they don’t give out reviews copies and make critics buy it like everyone else. That will expose the people who rush to monetize hating it as that game obviously will take a while to get to the point where you can created a credible review. By the time they can actually get a review up people will have already played and formed their own opinion. There’s really nothing to be gained by giving you all early access.
Clickbait.   How much money did you make with this title ? I mean there’s obviously a lot of people who wanted this game to fail and I think YouTubers know that and are using subjective subjects to overstate their opinion.   Tucker Carlson showed if you give people want they want to hear you get the biggest audience. This is just telling people what they want fo hear. A lot of people were mad about Microsoft buying Bethesda so how do you monetize that? What headline is going to make more money and get more clicks. I liked Redfall or Redfall was the worst game ever made?   I’m not going to lie I haven’t watched your video. 32.15 minutes is quite the commitment for a video game review. Maybe if you shorted it to 5 minutes then I’d give it a look.   But I know my opinion and that this game is nowhere near as bad as YouTubers have made it out to be. In fact i quite like it and I’m not the only one. Professional writers from various publications have said positive things so it’s quite the contrast with what is being said with your title.   To me it’s crazy but it’s not surprising nor will it be surprising when some YouTubers try to do the same thing when Starfield is released because again if you make your money on views what’s going to get you more saying it’s good or that it sucks?
And these games demand 70 dollars. Prices are up, there's more microtransactions as ever, and quality of product is down. But somehow we're all the bad guys for complaining about it online
wow, I've  lost my confidence in microsoft lately  wtf, no good games
I will now add a comment about this review. Thank you for this review.
Dishonored is one of my favourite games of all time. Its hard to believe that the studio that made such a masterpiece had devolved into this... Ralph's last point was incredibly valid as well. This is 100% on Microsoft. When Sony or Nintendo announces an exclusive, people get hyped. And the reason for that is because they maintain a standard of quality that is expected of them. There is a certain guarantee that comes with the first party exclusive stamp. How could anyone not be skeptical of XBox after they have clearly shown that they can't even judge if a video game is playable or not, let alone whether or not if it's good?
0:51 haha. Tacoma in a nutshell.  Tacoma is a good narrative mystery game. I recommend it if you like visual novels
I just want to know what caused this massive downfall of Arkane
i think u just noob, learn to play egoshooters
Unpopular opinion. I really enjoyed the game.
ehhhhh fuck it im gonna go play pray. good luck with this slog of a game
thank the gods bloodborne exists and i have a playstation 5 now...
I can taste the disappointment.
Game developers are so disappointing in 2023....   i.e. can we get games that just start up without the need for a launcher full of advertisements for the publisher?  Indie companies seem to be the only ones who actually care about the games they make anymore.
MICROSOFT 👀 PowerPoint presentation'ass cutscenes
Wow this is embarrassingly bad
it sucks because the character concepts for this game were crazy. i LOVED the trailers and they all had really cool looking abilities and fun personalities. for the game to suck this bad hurts 😭😭
Its crazy that studios can fall this hard. Xbox truly is a curse from the look of things. Never was a dishonored fan but that shit looks levels above this garbage
This is what modern gFrom my understanding of Modern Gaming, its usually not the fault of the developers when the game comes out as a steaming pile. Game developers generally do it because they love it and want their game to be released as a finished, polished product. Because these people love good games as well. Its the state of the industry which is the problem, the corporate heads of these companies who dont understand or care about the state of the game in order to delay it. They simply want the game released, and have the excuse of "We will fix this after release in the form of updates and patches".aming is now.
😂😂😂
There is this one tiny little thing that bugs the everloving SHIT out of me.  Its the crosshair.  EVERY fucking game has the crosshair standing vertically and horizontally, and the hitmarkers is 45° turned.. The fact that redfalls crosshair is the turned version the entire time, would make this game unplayable to me. I am not kidding. Not that I ever wanted to play it, but still. It bugs the shit out of me. I am constantly wondering wtf I am hitting right now.
"Unscrupulous marketing by Bethesda"? No! Not Bethesda! They are so trustworthy! It doesn't "just work"?!
To be honest the game shouldn’t have been 70 dollars cause it’s a average game. It’s not special but not every game has to. But if you own pc Xbox game pass you could play it for free since it was automatically released on game pass
i have watched indie devlogs on youtube and see them come up with much better enemy AI than that of this game
Wait, so the game has no aim assist for controllers, but according to Moist, it DOES for m&k, basically giving instant headshots? What the flying fuck?
I dunno man, every Arcane game I have played (which isn't all of them, I admit), had pretty lame stories and characters--they just had interesting "ideas" and, if you were lucky, the characters had "quirks." Didn't Arcane basically invent, or at least popularize, the story being fleshed out by finding random shit in the world? I'm not defending this game by any stretch, I'm just saying what you're describing is basically every Arcane game, just done worse.
Obviously Redfall looks far worse, but using Tears of the Kingdom as a bar of quality is weird when it looks like a PS3/X360 era game (at best) and they literally just copy-pasted the map from BotW with minor additions.
Thought YouTube was showing me stuff from way back machine. That looks like bioshock engine combined with those terrible time button press animated novels
The annoying part about these non-animated cutscenes is that Destiny does the exact same thing for its seasonal stories and people seem to love it for some reason...
Imagine having to replay it once they fix the game. Mafia 3 anyone lol
4:40-6:48  I honestly now really do feel bad for that guy at IGN who had to post his game footage and got nuked by everyone for something that was the games own fault.
You would nearly think this game was a secret Vampire the Masquerade title with how jank this game is
Am I the only one bothered by the fact that the pipette at 3:19 is just laying there on it's side?
I feel bad for Xbox gamers
Meanwhile, SpaceBourne 2 was made by one guy in his basement.
What a glowing review. Thanks!
Couldn't even finish the video went as far as 19 minutes  so  many jokes & it ain't  even funny @Skill Up I'm sorry you had to play through this bad clown fiesta.
Wait... this is a triple A game? Are we suuuure?
Oh, look.  Yet ANOTHER always online live service multiplayer looter shooter, made by a studio famous for offline single player narrative campaigns.  How long does everyone reckon it'll be before they pull the plug?
Was so incredibly disappointed to see that Redfall came out bad, I was really looking forward to it. Unironically, it would've probably been a much better game if it's just Far Cry in a small town with vampires
I'm guessing all the stuff you keep attributed to destiny. that You forgot that Warframe did first Andy, one thing that destiny did coin is the color base reality system you forgot to mention did Disney is the one that did do first
imagine releasing this game like id be so fucking embarassed
Dear Gods, they broke Skill Up!
"Immersive Sim experiences"  Cuts to Linus tech tips commercial: "this is a terrible gaming experience"  Savage
I have played this game and I do want to make a few extra pointers. 1 you cannot mark the map so good luck finding things. 2 if you don't have you special ability charged any boss can be killed by turning them to stone then a steak launcher to the head (you only need one human weapon) 3 you can complete safe house missions and bypass rooks by not doing the first main mission. 4 enemies scale to you meaning your not finding a tougher area you guns are just worthless even legendaries. 5 guns cannot be upgraded. When you pick them up they are your level never more never less. 6 as long as you pick up the objective item you can die and the story will progress.
How in 2023 after the likes of horizon forbidden west, elden ring, God of war etc can you release a shitty, worse looking left 4 dead?  I mean my god that is the worst looking game I've seen in ages
From the same owner that will “save cod”. Microsoft should just forget about Xbox in its entirety.
I had no clue Redfall was coming out.  I had no idea it was this bad.  I had no idea Bethesda made it.  On par with what I’ve come to expect from Bethesda post-Fallout 4.  Nothing has changed in the eight years since FO4’s release.  It’s only gotten worse.   Starfield is going to be a shitshow.
The business of AAA video gaming is broken and is hurting the players while making the dev studios tons of money. Games promised and never delivered, games released in a condition that requires multiple post-release patches before they are ready to play, or games that just never live up to the months or years of marketing hype that preceded the release.  A ton of the blame falls on the large studios making these games, but we the players share in that blame. We have continued to buy sub-par products, pay for DLCs and updates to a game that we are only marginally happy with. We even pre-order games months in advance, essentially loaning money to the likes of EA and Ubisoft. It is clear that game developers are not going to change their practices, so it is up to the players to force change upon them. Players can bring about change if we do the following 7 things:  1. Stop pre-ordering games. Paying money for something that does not even exist is called investing or speculation, not buying. Pre-ordering perversely incentivizes game producers to create and ship products before they are ready for RTM (release to market). We don’t pay for clothes, cars, or pretty much anything before they exist. Why do we do this with video games?  2. Stop buying games based solely on a trailer. A trailer tells you NOTHING about the game and should never be the basis for a buying decision. It is just a movie and may have nothing in common with the game experience. For God’s sake, the trailer for The Day Before, a game that seems unlikely to ever come into being, caused that game to be the #1 wishlisted game on Steam. If a pre-order of TDB had been available, it could easily have been the biggest video game money pit of all time.  3. Insist that all AAA games have a limited free-to-play option. The F2P option can be a final Beta just prior to release, contain limited levels, be available for a limited time, or even have reduced functionality, but players need to get their hands on a game BEFORE they shell out good money. It is too bad it has come to this, but there have been too many major game releases that were not worth the money we paid for them until months after release…and we had no way of knowing that until we paid. I guess an alternative to the F2P option would either be a “delayed payment” option where the company does not charge our credit card for a number of days after the purchase, thus allowing us to cancel, or by offering an easy-to-claim money-back guarantee.  4. Stop supporting fan-boy content creators who add to the hype of a game before they know anything more than what the trailer showed them. Support content creators who give honest, clearly articulated reviews of a game and accurately report gaming news when it occurs. You know the routine, LIKE, SUBSCRIBE, and click the notification bell.  5. Describe your experience, good or bad, on social media with rational, calm, evaluations and reports of player experiences. That is what developers pay attention to. Not, wild screaming and yelling about how awful the game is without any concrete examples of the issues being encountered. And don’t forget to praise a game or developer that does a good job. Always throwing out complaints is another good way to be ignored.  6. Don’t play games that you don’t like. Some of the loudest complainers are those players who continue to rack up hundreds or thousands of hours in a game. If you really think a game is so bad that you can spend hours complaining, then don’t spend hours playing. Game developers watch player levels, and if the hours of gameplay and the number of concurrent players remain high, they will ignore any and all complaints.   7. Do not cover games that embargo reviews prior to release. Any developer that is afraid of reviews probably has a reason for that. Placing an embargo on reviews is s sure sign of fear.   Players can bring change to this market, but it may not be easy. Be informed buyers and do not let all the hype from a good marketing campaign cause you to pay good money for bad games.
Are we truly sure this is an Arkane game, and not something made by another company launched by Arkane? Cause I really don't want to believe that they made this shit.
lets see you make a game then
Wow. What an abomination of a game. It makes the new broken Star Wars game look perfectly polished I comparison. Thank you very much for the review. I really appreciated it.
Does anyone think the game would have been released when it was if Microsoft wasn't calling the shots? I don't recall Arkane ever releasing something in this state.
I'm not buying the game, but i had hoped the ps2 graphics were just youtube compression.
Can’t wait for starfield 🍿
(Day 28) Since you mentioned the Xenoblade Chronicles X, Please make a  review of it, you might be able to make it regain some popularity so Monolith Software would port it to switch or make X2
i dont play new game releases, but i watch videos about the absolute disastrous state they come in.
Are we just going to ignore how many of their games come out busted and don't get fixed for months? I take every game as it's own thing because making a good game is not an indicator that the company's next game will be good too. Rip Redfall, on to the next game pass game
I thought this game was gonna be something similar to Destiny 2 in where you have a Character to select with their own unique skill tree and you'd have to kill normal enemies, elite enemies and bosses to level up while doing quests and upgrade your character but thank god I did not pay 70 bucks on this hot steaming pile!
That main mission at the movie theater had tons of enemies for me and a powerful vampire in the theater. I always play arcane games on highest difficulty though. Not sure if that is why our experiences were different
hopefully the new system shock might save us from probably the worst 3 yrs in gaming been some big games come out but thers only been 5 or 6 really all rest havent been very good and the price as well 80 quid 70 quid buy 4 games and i got buy an rtx 4080 kind of prices and thats the thing right there as well why indy games could be about to step up if they can get it together some very good indy game developers out there and the vast majority of them are a bit rubbish but theres a few gems in there they just lack the polish that tripple a titles are supposed to deliver but i think now way its going the big studios are gonna be gone like CDPR with their ridiculous game cyberclunk 1077 which just exposed the entire charade and that was a shame really cause had they done what they said they were gonna do then it would have been a game that and for first 10-20 hes it was then soon as you started the main game it went boring and this is problem bad writing and the clever idea thing and in my experience from doing software is clever ideas that sound unique and clever are generally more work then you think generally a lot harder work then you can do without help and in end the idea wasnt very good in first place when you get into working it and thats another problem with it run out of ideas
10:50 I just spat my f*cking drink out! Jesus Christ! They charge over £80 for this? They should be arrested for fraud.
just tipifies the state of gaming the industrys broken and their just churning out rubbish and their office moto must be no one ever went broke underestimating the taste of the general public cause it must be otherwise they wouldnt produce so crudite and arkane were kinder done with death loop which wasnt a bad game but still it was the death throes of a once mighty studio prey is a masterpeice really and how that didnt do better is beyond me on a par with bioshock if not better i thought it felt real and had scope and scale and dishonoured as well and then here we are yet another failure by the games industry its because of share holder pressure wanting to cash in on the jump in stock price these studios get just before and maybe not after release they dont care cause they made anyway and then just release games like this then make then unplayable because of the anti piracy rubbish and this been online in order to play it them peddling in game NFTS the game now is just a platform to gather data and rip off players and i think the rise of indy games is coming and these triple a studios are gonna fall unless they sort it out its just bad writing bad graphics bad game play and because its arkane people will buy it and then over next 2 yrs they'll update it to the max probably make it iinto a decent game but by then it'll be on pirate bay anyway
This is one of those games that when I first saw it, I immediately though it was going to be bad. Its sad to see that Microsoft is setting the quality bar this low. I'm kind of excited for Starfield, but seeing this makes me feel like... better get ready for a disappointment D:
DON’T WORRY GUYS PHIL SPENCER IS ‘’DISAPOINTED’’😂
Considering how superb both Prey and Dishonoured are this is a disgrace. For some reason it kinda reminds me of how bad it was when Gearbox released Battleborn, just hideously bad.
if only you were even 25% as harsh as this for the Cyberpunk 2077 review.
I would now like to mention that I liked this video
Redfall is abolutely TRASH.
this prodcut is outrageous, and yet there are still people in the steam reviews like :" i dont know, i like the game lul" how much do you have to lie to yourself to get to this point, some people are so delusional
I don’t think I’ve ever heard Ralph sound so defeated… 😢
13:15 the legendary t-pose of dominance
While I've watched a few videos covering how incredibly bad Redfall is, I don't think it will translate over to Starfield like a lot of gamers assume. I'm sure they'll take forever to fix this game, and players will completely lose interest, but I have faith Starfield won't be the same. With as long as they have until release, I'm optimistic they'll figure it all out, and Starfield will be incredible. Honestly, I need it to be lol. I need to play my space Skyrim for the next 5-10 years, playing hundreds of hours exploring the solar system and galaxy.
No joke I played it for about 5-10 minutes, couldn't get over how it felt / controlled, then proceeded to uninstall. Was really looking forward to this game.
How on earth did this get made?? 🤣
Damn this sucks. Was looking forward to this one, but I think I'll give it a pass
Didn't they learn anything from Deathloop bad AI. What happen to you Arkane???
everyone who hated Deathloop now:  ”Perhaps I treated you too harshly”
It's actually depressing the state the gaming industry is in right now and we have been saying that for years. It's insane how games like this are released
Game like this deserve to be shit on, it’s the only way companies will stop releasing half finished games.
That’s crazy. I thought Arkane knew how to make a game. What the hell happened?
I am completely done with playing any games that do the lazy green, blue, purple, gold and so forth tiered weapons that have a few percentage points difference in stats. I am sick and tired of spending more time in menus picking between two guns that look the exact same, but one has +10% accuracy and the other having +10% damage. It's not fun, and it's not "letting the player play the way they want". It's fucking stupid. Give me unique weapons that I can modify and upgrade.
_Finally, a game for the LGBTQ+MAP gamers_
WE'VE STEPPED INTO A WAR WITH THE CABAL ON MARS!
Nahhh! You are wrong, its on the gamepass and for this its very good with three friends, if matchmaking works.
17:50 at least the moon ain't ruined yet lol it maybe the only thing not ruined I think
Honestly my standards are pretty low when it comes to "triple A" games anymore, and at least for me even then I feel like people overreact about very little stuff in my eyes - that being said I don't even care enough to look up who the Leads are on this but they need to lose their job. I don't know how someone can be so out of touch that this game was actually approved to be released. Deserves to be sold in a McDonalds Happy Meal - it's actually laughable how bad this game really is.
dude, that chair strategy is Sun Tzu level shit, how on earth did you figure it out? Seriously though, why is no one mentioning the janky slide mechanism, thats what is the worst for me, slide half way across the map when just trying to get into cover.......... (until i realized there is no need for cover)
Guys... I'm getting the feeling that he didn't liked the game
Got to agree with Skill Up here.  This game isn't worth any amount of effort...or money.
This is a good example oh to not make a videogame. Hope they pay the price for this , its not possible put a product like this state in the market , what they were thinking, gamers are idiots and eat everything ?!
You want to know what happened to Arkane between Dishonored and Prey, and this?  Microsoft happened.
You made it sound as if the game was made for gyro aiming, on the only console nowadays that has no gyro.
I've learned that it isn't a AAA studio if it hasn't completely botched up a game release in the last 3 years. There isn't a single AAA studio that hasn't release a halfbaked POS in the last 3 years. I can't even blame the developers, its the publishers who want to pump out garbage for $70 to make shareholders happy
An exclusive piece of
Yeah its broke
Mini-bosses that can be killed in two hits?!
Shout out to Prey's locked doors. Fond memories of ricocheting foam darts to hit a computer screen multiple times to unlock a door while standing on a gloo step 10 up a wall to peek through a gap in a window.
After how awesome Deathloop was, it's absolutely mind-boggling how the fuck Redfall dropped the ball so hard. This game is god awful.
Blaming xbox fully is stupid.  Arkane have to take responsibility.
$70 for this. Amazing.
May be time to buy that PS5… 😅
"short grunt of effort"....yeah. That's a good line to describe the last few years of game design.
40 years of gaming, and look how different it is. Not better, just different. Another industry ruined by "progress". I'll take my old GameBoy and Metroid 2, thanks.
The biggest "failure" Playstation had recently was Days Gone that did have its fair share of glitches and bugs.  However Days Gone is a complete game with complete ideas, Redfall is just another Xbox failure.  Starfield better be good because otherwise I don't think they have put out a successful game since the Zenimax acquisition.
This game was made by interns. Had to be.
You know a game is bad when SkillUp wants to apologize to an IGN reviewer
Love Arkane because of Dishonored and Prey, but lately I've felt no interest in their games. Redfall's trailers felt off to me, same with Deathloop. it's a weird disinterest, got the same feeling from Ghostwire: Tokyo
lol the funny thing with red fall is that it was suppose to be xbox answer to sony exclusives and some ppl were even upset when red fall wasn't coming to sony anymore. xbox can keep this trash.
Hold up, the game not pausing was an issue in Wolfenstein too... I know that was not Arkane, but its still all under Bethesda
It's dead island with vampires
I dont understand all the hate, im having a blast in this game. its really fun
Best review you have ever done! A little pee came out as I was laughing so much!!!
i'm so happy to see this game being trashed left and right, who knows maybe they'll understand we need curated single player experiences, not always online, generic multiplayer bs with edgy characters that look more like a fortnite skin than anything else
What the heck is happening at these game company's ?  How is this even possible  ?
I've watched this review 6 or 7 times already. The editing is hilarious and perfect. Great job Austin!
Thanks!
Even the cutscenes look low quality. Game Pass is terrible for games.
why ppl praise elden ring for the lack of story but bash any other game. im not saying redfall is good, but also i dont get why ppl made those concessions with elden
wow...looks like they might have woke HAHAHAHAHAH
$70 😂
Soulless corporate gaming
Big budget AAA that big budget went to the trailers. Are all these games released in an early access state? They just want your money now.
I don't think I've ever heard you eviscerate a game this way. Looks like they planned to travel back in time and release it 30 years ago. Mario 64 was more advanced than this game.
Honestly everyone's to blame from the publishers to the dev team. Redwall I hope is the straw that breaks the camals back and opens eyes to how horrible shit is and what needs to be fixed and changed to make lives in the game and in real life a better balance of that time it takes to make
It's like they forgot to add enemies to the game. I am definitely not picking this up.
This is what happens when they collaborate with a foreign company that went bankrupt that's got nothing but dry boring a** games, glitchy mechanics and apparently an undying love for DC Universe. The game is an utter disappointment, a complete rip-off of the DC Universe, and a dry storyline and not even any animation.... I think they need to cut ties with those people because they're giving a terrible impression. I mean that's my first take on the entire thing is that this is some kind of attempt at being the next DC Universe or something. They're either a bunch of comic nerds or just f ruminating  on the glory days of comics and failing to integrate it correctly.
I am now convinced whoever played that IGN demo was TRYING to warn us how bad the game was...but we were too busy mocking them to realize
it sounds like you're giving a eulogy 😂  can't they definitely do need to bury this game because it is just absolutely disappointing and just an absolute visceral betrayal to the gaming community and industry!
Seems like they used all their aim assist in the menu
Even the preview for the game looked like absolute dog shit, of course the finished product is too.
5 minutes into your review and to me it sounds like a game a studio failed miserabele at and Arkane had to finish it in the shortest window possible
Oh, Arkane! How the mighty have fallen… 😔
Wow, I'm only halfway through the review, and this game looks lazily done. Arkane are overrated!
All this Key stuff and get this and get that is exactly how Resident Evil games are. And that's why only cucks and simps play them.
Like you could make better LOL
was this game made by chatGPT????
I still remember fanboys being all "IGN did it on purpose because they are in Sony's pocket to make Redfall look bad" and just how tinfoil hat that sounded.  IGN reviewer, sorry we said you were an idiot.
Wow. This early access seems like it's two years from release state. Oh, this is the release build? You want $70 for it? Is this a cry for help? Because even if it isn't? Stop it! Get some help.
What an abortion of a game. Can't believe they have the audacity to charge a AAA price for it. Fuck them.
Don't worry, Chat GPT will fix Redfall.
Good video, I did enjoy this. I was gonna give this one a try cause Xbox hate seems to be on a maximum lately, but it seems this one is in a really bad state.   The only thing I would disagree about, perhaps is the support side of things. I think there could be value in taking the game and rework it significantly, it's a reputational thing like you said. It's profound work, but it's doable, changing skills and everything. Some mmo change very significantly from ona expansion to the other, not exactly the same, but hopefully you guys get what I mean. It's not a 6 month job but a "No Man Sky" could be valuable for both Xbox and us gamers. Also, I guess not fucking up anymore would to be honest. Starfield is gonna be a big exam for Xbox, if that one fails to reach a minimum level, it's gonna be bad.
I think they were a different studio right? Arcane Lyon worked on dishonored
Hey hey hey! I'm a xbox player and MS don't always lack luster 1st party games....except halo infinite...and crack down....and Quantum break.... and Sea of thieves....and Bleeding edge....and Battletoads....and Project spark....and Ryse son of Rome....an--
A vampire saying "Stop me if you can" while being stuck (stopped) behind a chair is hilarious.
I see now after looking at your videos, that's what your whole account is based on, trashing every game... For views which equals big bucks from YouTube.
YouTubers love trashing games to get views.  It's really sickening.
What a stupid video
Games all look so boring now. Obsessed with looking “realistic”, where is the art?
I wouldn't wipe anyone's backside with this garbage malware from Microsoft.
were people even hyped for this in the first place? at a certain point y'all gotta blame yourselves
OOF  Wasn't really interested in the game to begin with, but wow. This just started out bad, then just got worse.
Content like 13:06 is why I have a Patreon subscription
Idk dude, a lot of people defend Alien Isolation despite it only requiring you to find keys or mini games that act like "keys".
This is a triple a game?
I agree with everything you said, Skill Up, but you gotta stop bashing on Fallout 76. It's good now and has a strong community. I dont think Redfall will do the same with their dumpster fire, but I approve of Bethesda's push to making it a good multiplayer version of the Fallout franchise.
I suspected this game was gonna be bad, but holy moly this is a whole new level of bad.
Arkane needs to give us Prey 2 with online co-op
Shrug.  Who saw a trailer and didn't think this game would be trash?
Great video. I gave up on xbox this gen and held out and went ps5 only, every other gen i bought both consoles.  This game seems to be a  steaming turd and im happy i dont have to play
Ehhh... Don't hope for these people to make "Prey 2", cause they're probably not the same team at all. - People need to get over the fact that things change and learn to move on.
Jesus Christ what an absolute shit show. There's no way Starfield is coming out in a complete state
1:25 absolutely loved Prey. Played it twice. I guess I was making up for the fact that I was never going to play this. This looks rough.
We're in a time where "Triple A" productions seem like "Double A" productions, and "Double A" productions sometimes reach "Triple A" production heights.
Dude what the actual fuck happened with this game?
These games being put on game pass shows how shitty they're and the players are being like the beta testers of these unfinished products.
This is what happens when a company is more focused on inclusivity and equity. This turned out to be a 30 USD video game.
Redfal more like Redfail. only 2 redfall and starfield exclusives this year for microsoft? what about forza?
I literally felt second hand embarrassment from this
Yeah Thankgod it was free on Xbox , gonna go home and delete this
About the Xbox controller aim issues, I remember even Prey on consoles had this issue (can’t yet speak for Arkane’s earlier titles). It’s the kind of controller aiming you’d get on Skyrim or Fallout 3/4, but the enemies aren’t balanced around this fault at all. It’s utterly terrible.
Arkane is gonna be shutdown if they continue like this.
How the argument for 70$ games was? They cost more to make?
Borderlands 2, a game that was released over a fucking decade ago  Allows you to interact with the environment more, is more of an immersive sim, has a lot more NPCs (and much smarter AI)  And is a lot more fun even on solo than Redfall, which is Arkane’s Fallout 76  And that is just fucking sad, and it also means you should buy and play BL2 instead of this abomination of a game
In its current state I wouldn't even play it if it was entirely free. I salute all those who wasted their 70$, your sacrifice will be forgotten
I will never again trust a game trailer with an awful CW superhero show soundtrack music.
Excellent review as always, SkillUp.  The only bones of contention I have are:  1. I honestly don't think the cut scenes look so bad. I kind of like the comic book aesthetic. I mean Destiny 2 does it too, and it works there, and it works here. 2. Similarly, the standing talking stick figures is also something Destiny 2 does, and it's terrible there, and it's terrible here. 3. Finally telling lore/story through collectibles is also something Destiny 2 does (on gear/weapons) and it's stupid there and it's stupid here.  In fact, the more I get into this game, the more it looks like a worse version of Destiny 2. Subclasses that are only different in terms of skills but nothing else, open-world looting, shooting, collecting... I mean, I quit Destiny 2 for a reason. It's an open world with lots bland stuff in it... It's like Anthem all over again. How in 2023, do you try to ape Destiny and Destiny 2 and manage to just make worse Destiny?
the thing that makes me sad is that the game looks like it has *so much* potential. like there are so many things that could have been done with it. and they just...didn't.   I could forgive a boring landscape if the story was good. I could forgive the story sucking (or being nonexistent) if the world/AI was good-   this video was great, every point made was perfect. and its just a shame. I really hope they overhaul and fix this game, but deep down I just know that they won't. and at what point does it just simply become too late?
This game doesn't seem to have any improvement in enemy AI compared to VtM Bloodlines, released in 2006
THIS GAME IS HORRIBLE
its such a shame when any game from a big studio like this fumbles the bag so bad. you can always SEE the love in details like the style/concept art/previews that somebody took the time to add.  So much work/passion put to waste, you know behind the scenes there was some event or etc that lead to this being rushed and dropped so broken. thanks for the entertaining review!
Do a review of Orion Prelude, or the sequel Guardians of Orion, both base games will cost you about $5 after taxes on steam and I guarantee a hilariously good time mindlessly killing hordes of dinosaurs for a couple hours and even more playing with friends
I think that's mainly Bethesdas fault and how they treat Arkane as some experimentation field despite knowing that this particular studio absolutely doesn't specialise in this type of games. And it will be a nail to Arkane's coffin, because they make niche games and if they will make another good niche game in the future, Redfall's infamy will affect sales 100%
Maybe in 20 years this will be a cult classic.
My guess is the problem here isn't Arkane. It was again the producer as usual, which is Bethesda. Everything they touch since Fallout 4 is absolute trash. My guess is Arkane had a briliant game that was picked to pieces by a greedy budget and a rushed timer. This game will either be abandoned or be amazing in a couple years. Knowing Bethesda it will probably be abandoned.
One thing I enjoy about the division is that I can keep moving while picking up voice recordings and other info.
Arkane has gave us 2 POS games in a row. Deathloop and Redfall.  Welcome Arkane. You are now the official Xbox game pass exclusive garbage dump.
No lie it’s kind of fun on Xbox for the first 10 mins then you beat the firehouse
Vampire l4d mixed with dead island?
This is the 3 year of the Xbox X and im still waiting for a game that can sell me theyr console... (and i already have game paas on PC)
No lie. I recognized the name, but until today I didn’t know this game actually existed yet.
sold my xbox
What a mess.
He obviously took the skill node 'chair'.
Is possible that they knew how bad this is but released it anyway just so it can be a sacrifice. Then when Starfield comes out it'll be an "improvement" and not be as broken as this just to get praise
It's miserable, unimaginative, boring, and at times just ridiculous. After all the hype, It's an almost unbelievably bad game.
Our multi-player game has scaled backwards with more players, and on the hardest difficulty, every enemy is 1 PUNCH, EVEN AN UNDERBOSS. We literally havent shot a gun in 2 days.
Thank god games are terrible now so we can expect more reviews like this.
blud didint even need to make this video im pretty sure everyone knows its buns now. This could have been a 10 second clip of you saying, "its ass" 😂
I know exactly what's going on here, lol. The A.I. in-game has become self-aware, so they realize how shitty their game is and don't bother with the player.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
I never thought that i'd ever see a bigger dissapointment than cyberpunk 2077. But at least I didn't pre order nor bought this.
Controller deadzone: In the first room, on that boat, I was already in the settings trying to adjust the awful deadzone. I've never felt such terrible first person controller feel. Super glad you mentioned this
May I just add the following: it should be illegal to make enemies visible through FUCKING WALLS! Every single game nowadays has this shit and it's RUINING GAMES
Playing a FPS with a controller being bad is not the game's fault tho, if you need aim assist for the game to be playable it's just a matter of input
13:08 that sucking joke didn't get nearly enough credit
(Day 27) Since you mentioned the Xenoblade Chronicles X, Please make a  review of it, you might be able to make it regain some popularity so Monolith Software would port it to switch or make X2
04:40 No. It's a shooter. You never play those with a controler (you wouldn't eat soup with a fork, right?). It's insubstantial if the implementation is shit.
lol @3:42 Look as the size of the person compared to the filing cabinet and other props🤣🤣
Looking at the art and game design between this game and Dishonored 2 is really depressing
I'm pissed I bought the deluxe version I seriously want my $$ back. Great review the Mele kills are simply hilarious
I kid you not when I say that, if you gave me 6 months and provided me the 3D character models, I could string together a better Unity clone of this alone. And I'm not a great game developer.
There is no way that's a real game.
And they had the fucking balls to advertise this game as an immersive sim XD
I reached the mission with the locked door, couldn't find the key. exited the game and unistalled.
For the first time in over a decade, a switch may have flipped to take me over the PS5 path again... Microsoft is effed.
this game never looked good from the beginning imo
you can see why MS want to buy Activision
Ah the ol Tallahassee Shuffle works in this game too!
I expected the game to be middle of the road and bland as drying paint but holy shit, this is impressive how bad it is.
3 bullets through a window = 🚗 💥   😂
The one technique of walking backwards and to the left is called the JFK Maneuver "Back and to the left"
wtf
7:47  Leon finally found the spot for bingo night and they all followed him there
I can’t believe they spent all that money just to make a mobile game for console
Please don't do this to your next Dishonoured game.
You compared this game to destiny???? Nah, man! Smh.
I knew the game would be terrible from the first game play snippet of the AI being terrible and you just know that it will stay like that, they might fix the odd bug like attacking the chair or standing on the car but they wont fix the all round stupidity of the AI.
It's realeased how cyberpunk realised
No I think it looks good and gameplay very fun with a good story and not very new style but I feel knowing how cyberpunk has been optimised. I think redfall needs 60fps to make it fun fun for all  players and bugs fixed
Yay, this generation's Vampire Rain! I loved Vampire Rain 😅
Cyber punk now has vampires another triple a mess
To be fair, there are worst games than this in recent years.
Dishonoured was a blast with 2, IMO, being a better game than the original. Prey was awesome, with Mooncrash being my first experience of what I came to know and love as the roguelite genre. This, on the other hand, looks awful. Wow, how far have Arkane fallen?
Cant wait for the video from crowbcat on this
Elden Ring also starts with a low budget slideshow intro... . I was like wtf when I first played Elden Ring.
GOOD LORD THIS GAME IS JUST HOT GARBAGE FROM ONLY LOOKING AT IT .
This is why gamepass holds so much value imo... I refuse to buy games day 1 anymore. Imagine paying full price for this... yikes.
Bethesda stopped caring after people in the gaming community bought all 82 re-releases of skyrim and nobody gave a shit that they consistently had the same bugs in every game
“Redfall is an absolute catastrophe” “This video is brought to you by Steelseries”….okay?
Saw this coming a mile away. I hope Arkane gets back on track
How the hell do you get pop in, in a 'cutscene' ?
I'm not really sure because it was so subtly presented, but... I *think* you didn't like this game?
Checking in with the Xbox fans, you guys alright? You doing okay? Genuinely asking
while we complain about fail 70$ game The Rock has similar situation except he got 3 billion $ BS
Legitimately the funniest review I’ve seen in years. It’s a shame. I love Arkane; and hopefully they can learn from whatever went so wrong here.
I'm worried everyone is learning the wrong lessons from this.
You know it's developed by Arkane AUSTIN and not the French team responsible for Dishonored, Prey...? ITS NOT THE SAME PEOPLE
This was a damn good review. I thought I couldn't watch anything about Redfall anymore, knew it was disappointing, but your review was glorious. Well edited, well though-out, well phrased. All your critique hits the mark, and I am worried now about Xbox exclusives. Super kudos!
😳😳😳😳😳
Man , even if the technical issues we're not there and been fixed before release. The whole game just feels and looks and PLAYS so CHEAP at the end of the day. And I wonder if arkane reallly want to make this game in the first place because after this video and how the game presents itself gave me those vibes.
I just switched from Playstation to Xbox for mainly Game Pass and you’re telling me this is what they put out. Couldn’t be a worse time to change consoles, damn it….
this is how i imagine the current redfall came into existence: Arkane had been working on a story based vampire shooter when a higher up came in said alright heres is what we're gonna do, take everything except the guns and the vampires and throw it out make it a looter shooter, youve got 1 year to make this game, get it done. boom redfall.
What was that game you mentioned a few weeks ago? It's  like fire emblem but not anime and I believe it's for Playstation I been trying to find it for the longest
as someone that is a DIEHARD dishonored and prey fan..... this game looks really really really really really remarkably bad in every single possible aspect. I can't believe the ball was dropped THIS HARD
I would now like to leave my like and comment.
Arcane managed to make a more worse game than Forespoken devs. How.
Gaming quality has really took a shit these past few gens
Sony would have never released this game. Matter of fact, someone would have lost their job, or the game would have been cancelled when a Sony head visited the studio to see it. Microsoft needs to carry their belt.
How. Just, how. These are the same people who made Prey and Mooncrash, experiences I replay to this day, both phenomenal.   Gonna go eat some cookies to mask my sadness. Sigh.
Xbox/Microsoft fail yet again like always!😂👍🏻
Somehow I get the the feeling Microsoft wants to kill gaming. Maybe because it's not good for the environment. Or maybe so you have more time to get your vaccine shots
"i had hoped Microsoft's purchase of bethesda would reoroent them..."  Why? Everything miceosoft touches, burns. And people want them to buy activision blizzard. These are dark days for gaming. We can only hope for the best. Thank god we still have nintendo and sony.
This is Arkane's first game since Prey 2016?!  Hard to believe the studio that made that masterpiece made this pile of crap.  Might be the worst PC port I've seen in 4-5 years, and the game is awful on top of the performance issues.  Should have made Prey 2...
Quality control at Microsoft is non existent.
Crazy they put drm on this. I don’t even think people would want to pirate it
Love my sony shares going up hahaha
At first, I thought this you were kidding and this is like a parody review when you were speaking in a monotonous tone, but you were just trying to keep up with the tone of the game. My God this is an awful, aweful game. How could Microsoft allow this atrocity to be released, and by Arcane for cryng out loud?
In other words, I've still got nothing to play except GTAO. Great.
MIDFALL
I really don’t have any faith in star field. And it’s sad to know that this is the last AAA game for this year from Microsoft. I see this as the parasite killing the host.
Studios are on that Forspoken wave right now
II bet Starfield will go down about as smooth as a trenta ball sweat- onion milk latte at Starbucks, when it drops. WATCH.
Ho.  Ly.  Shit.
It's pretty funny that Dead Island 2, a game that got Hot potato'd around and only JUST came out, beats this.  And it's not like DI2 is some amazing piece of gaming, it's very much a relic of a bygone era, mediocre especially by the standards it was meant to be released in.  It's the Ham with Cheese Sandwich of the gaming sphere currently.  And it's practically Gourmet next to this. And supporting THIS?  I've said on other videos that, just like you said, even if the bugs and what not were fixed.  It is fundamentally bad.  This is a "Burn it all down, start from Scratch" situation.  I'm surprised the Soy Reboot is getting DLC soon (still far too long since anyone would give a shit about it).  But like Volition kinda only has SR to it's name.  Arkane could be doing so many other things. The ONLY way this thing can be updated to be good, was if this current build was an out of date April Fools joke, and the actual game is pretty much a Remaster of Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines.
its games like this and Jedi survivor that make piracy so popular
Ehehehe.....success mantra of Microsoft.  Buy more studios
Can't believe this is a 100+ GB game. It looks like a 30 GB game
Redfall...like the arrows on their charts...
Yet again a game comes out broken, blatantly incomplete and devoid of content.  I'm sure people will finally stop accepting the bullshit, right?
"Whoever handles Internal Reviews at Microsoft should have been like 'You cannot release this game'." Bold of you to assume there is an Internal Review department.  I see a ton of potential in Redfall but to reach 95% of that potential it needs to be rebuilt from the ground up. Bethesda's line of failures makes me wonder what their future holds, Starfield and beyond. It's like they're making games without a care, like they woke up and said "Eh, we got Microsoft money backing us now, who cares what happens? They need us, they spent billions getting us." When Bethesda was on their own (barring Fallout 76) they operated like their ass was on the line with each launch because it was. Now the fear of shutting down doesn't seem to loom over them because look at 343, they've fumbled Halo repeatedly for years and are still around when they should have been dissolved long ago. The precedent is set that you can screw up time after time and it's fine.
it looks like a cheap xbox 360 style game hahahaha
My actual question would be:  "Dude, what are you doing playing shooter on a console?"
Really sad to see Arkane do this to its fanbase. Hopefully this encourages them to go back to formula and release either a Dishonored 1 remake or Dishonroed 3. I know some people may be sick of remakes, but I feel like a remake would be the most viable and profitable option at this point.  Edit: I just wanted to add this makes me appreciate games like God of War so much more. This generation of gaming we are starting to see a clear seperation between developers who give it their all and work hard for their fanbase. So even though these games may not be multiplayer, may only have a 20-30 hour story, or whatever, the amount of content that you do get has been looked over a hundred times or more and went through the ropes of Quality assurance and testing to make sure you have the best possible player experience. I hope people start to realize this and truly support the devs who are giving it their all. Studios like santa monica and Insomniac can take my money any day of the week.
"AND THE POINT OF THA BIRD IS TO FIND ENEMIES" -  killed me.
Fallout 76 was nowhere near this bad. I played the beta, I played it day one. It was fundamentally great. Its main issues were related to being online and being on their ancient creation engine. An engine that was NOT prepared or ever intended to be online. If you could just play it offline, the game itself was good, it was playable, it was awesome if you are a major Fallout fan. Its non-online related issues were not any worse than the usual Bethesda bugginess. In fact, I'd say Skyrim was a bigger mess on release. I was there, I remember.  But Redfall... man I still can't believe how bad this is. Now what are we gonna play until Darkest Dungeon 2 hits 1.0 on May 8?
,1:34 what game was that?
Damn, this review is like the perfect example of everything wrong with modern gaming.  You say 'I don't like this' and the mindless hordes just eat it up and keep pushing it everywhere even though the critique is just the cutscene format.  I was linked this video after telling someone that I liked the game.  But now I'm supposed to hate it just because some guy on Youtube didn't like it.  I've never been more sure that the average gamer is genuinely dumber than the general population because now I just think it's a fact.
It's like, they had a basic concept, and then the Biden administration took over production. Except it doesn't enjoy perfect 10/10 reviews from every major media source.
This was the first game that I had downloaded, watched the first opening cutscene and immediately uninstalled the game.
People ask why I don't celebrate the monopolization of game studios just because they think some company will swoop in and save their beloved franchise. There just are no guarantees, there never was evidence of that, and usually was the opposite.
I hate to admit I pre-ordered this. but it's arkane. it should've been a safe bet. dumbass, I want my money back
You mean more woke garbage is not better than the rest of the woke garbage?
With Redfall in mind, looking back at the Starfield trailer. It too also feels bland and lifeless.
I would now like to press like on this video...
Redfall doesn’t have toggle aim. Lazy and stupid
This is like the Babylon's Fall of first person shooters.
Really sad because this game has a really cool visual style…
This makes me so sad. The arkane i used to know and love is dead...
I am so sorry that you had to play this game for us
Xbox zero - zero competition
i love it when a high budget shit game launches. it brings everyone together in ranting and cursing the game
I feel like some companies just troll audiences to see how much trash they can sell people before they start getting serious again
would the game be at least playable if they upped the amount of enemies, fixed AI issues and bugs?
Massive L for Redfall by the looks of it but atleast people with gamepass didn't have to pay for it. Everyone one else i genuinely hope you get your moneys worth 🙏
From Bing Chat when asked to write a poem about Redfall: Redfall, oh Redfall, what a disappointment you are You promised us a thrilling adventure with vampires and guns But all you delivered was a buggy mess with no fun Redfall, oh Redfall, how you wasted our time and money You hyped us up with trailers and interviews But all you showed us was glitches and issues Redfall, oh Redfall, how you broke our hearts and hopes You could have been a masterpiece of gaming art But all you became was a flop that fell apart
I want to know how they fucked this game up so bad.
You should know, elbow to the ankle is lethal
its amazing they let this out the door in this state
This review is GOLD
I would now like to leave a comment on Skill Up's review video of Redfall. I found this video very informative and entertaining and humorous. Thrice I chuckled. Thank you.
Only thing worse then enemies that attack every 20 feet and you never get very far, is empty boring areas.
Hard to believe the same studio that brought us the amazingness that was PREY gave us this piece of shit.
The stuff about PC ports with hardware differences, what about games that came out before certain hardware even existed and runs fine on literally everything even with a different OS than it was originally designed to run on.
My best guess, after seeing this review, is the devs had their vision for a cool far cry-like single player imersive sim, featuring a unique take on a sci-fi vampire threat.  Microsoft bought Bethesda, and "suggested" a multiplayer spin so it could be a draw for groups of friends to pick up/keep their gamepass subscription, and gave a far too small a window for the devs to change direction.   Don't know if the timeline lines up for this to be the case, but I genuinely can not come up with a logical explanation as to how Arcane went from the esteem of their past games...to this.
Have people had Deathloop wiped from their memories? Alot of people talk about the hits (Dishonored and Prey) but not the massive drop in quality in Deathloop, the writing was on the wall people
Love that dry-ass hello in the beginning.
Chair remains undefeated hahaha. I'm glad I didnt buy this!
Well this is the result of woke HR hiring practices. When mediocre participation trophy types are praised as brave and stunning, mediocre product is what we get
11:48 They ware just raveing and dude just shot their bro.
I was wondering about your lack of effort in the vid, but then I understood. If devs want an effort, they need to make an effort.
So .. to even provide a "Deluxe" Edition is something like a oxymoron. Deluxe Garbage.
Given the amount of short-haired/ugly/adroginous women they showcase both in-game and on their twitter I am going to conclude Akrane has undergone the D.I.E. training. In case I am correct this company is as good as dead. They will never produce anything worthwhile again.
I swear the gaming industry lazy as fuck. No excuses don't give a dame what happened during the development time.  All these AAA companies have been doing this shit for over 20 years now 20 years of experience and we still get shit. This shit won't change this just the norm now in the industry and most of the community just eats this shit up. Sad sad times these days. Again, as usual great job Skill.
Baby's first AAA game. Those DEI hiring initiatives are working out *_GREAT!_*
Steelseries headsets are piss poor quality
Sheesh... gamers really need to boycott developers for making the public do their testing and releasing an unfinished product.
Was this on PC?  Nobody cares about PC.
what a joke
can xbox get a W ffs i am so frustrated as a xbox fan since 2008 :/
HUGE L for Xbox
As a PlayStation user. I am very sad I won’t experience this…..gem.
Yet another Youtuber on the bad game money train, but can't mention a single good indie game you no because there wasn't a one man developed FPS game released last week called Illwill, your just like the rest of them scumbags in it for the money because you sure as hell don't try helping anyone.
What a mess. It is not only bug ridden, it has an empty boring world (reminds me of cp2077😑) no amount of patch is gonna solve that. Cp2077 is still boring as shit after that many patches and updates. The problem is not the bugs you see, it is the game itself.
Im aware that watching a review because its fun to hate the game is bad  HOWEVER   Redfall is so bad that its genuinely fascinating? Like past just being mean for being mean, this *needs* to be a case study in mismanagement or something sometime in the future. Similar to what No Mans Sky taught people about sensational marketing, the industry needs to look at Redfall. This is "Cyberpunk 2077 was so buggy at launch that it finally made the gaming industry OK with delaying games by years at a time" tier  Imo, even *Anthem* was salvageable. I dont think Redfall is salvageable.
03:08 Hey at least they had Christian Slater on the voice talent 😂
Maybe take the best parts of this and combine it with the best parts of Anthem to make something semi-awesome… er… semi-enjoyable…. Anyway, back to my 5th playthru of Hogwarts Legacy
Redfall may be a failure, but it gave us a 30 minute video by Skill Up that will live on forever. Thank you Redfall, at least you made YouTube a little more fun for me today.
Well THAT'S a shame
Wow these devs deserve to lose their jobs.
drawing it out to get those ad dollars. reminds me of yongyea. just blah blah blah blah just to grift
3:08 Todd Haberkorn is that you?
The Lord says Woe Woe is coming suffering, sadness and death  Isaiah 5:20-Woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil; that put darkness for light, and light for darkness; that put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter! Mark 1:15-And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel.  The Lord Says Woe Woe is coming suffering, sadness and death. Please have mercy on us my Lord Amen!
abysimal.. another big name going to trash..
I mean No Man's Sky seemed unsalvageable.. But this does look very bad, damn
holy shit Starfield is gonna suuuuuuuck so bad, i cant wait
Man can companies please stop churning out the same 2 types of games   Looter/hero FPS and 3rd person action games   Even the good ones all feel the same at this point
Hey, so I was just wondering, if these games take so long to make and cost so much money, how come i've seen better free assets on the unreal engine store? What I mean is what is costing them SOOO much money and time to make? I understand the polishing and debugging/crunch phase, but the other 52 months in the last 5 years it took them to make this game what were they doing? Do they just not work that often during that period of time and then crunch at the end? Is a ton wasted on marketing? If anyone knows plz lmk cuz im interested.
"Great games don't sell consoles"  Phil Spencer 2023
All these failed live service looter shooters from all these devs that should have nothing to do with them. Almost like asking creative people to make crap doesn't work out well.
This is the game I got for free when purchasing a 4070ti :) it will never be installed :))) i wish i could have asked for a different game to be bundled with it :(
redfall more like redfail.
You firing your weapon when you hadn't seen an enemy in awhile was literally me on the way to mission. I couldn't believe it. Like...I just don't quite understand why the humans can't get off this island when there doesn't seem to be any enemies anywhere aside from object markers.
8:36 they even added in game cricket sound fx to emphasize the emptyness
I feel like they had to have put in effort and literally try make a game this bad on purpose.
Make. Dishonored. 3.  I cannot the people who made one of my favorite games of all time made this.
wait a minute. you are essentially telling me that we are in still in May and we got already a game that manages to be even more horrendous than Forspoken???  really, the game industry IS TOTALLY DEAD. its over, burn these studios down and start all again.
You should make a short out of the rook chapter. I would like to share this!
This game is so bad... It almost feels like it was done on purpose. I know that's ridiculous but I'd love to know what the reason/s was for how bad it is.
This looks like the first fully AI generated video game.
Have it on PC Gamepass, use an Xbox controller.  If you’re genuinely struggling to hit the enemies then both you and the IGN guy suck at FPS games.  Imagine crying about lack of auto-aim haha…  Granted it’s not AAA title, but if you’re going to be upset about lack of video cutscenes and reading a lot of documents you’ve clearly never played a Fallout game which also sucks for you.  And the ghost flashbacks have been used in several great games like Arkham Asylum so again stop crying.  I don’t think it’s that bad of a game and I’m interested in how it will develop.  But yeah I wish the would add a weapon whell but to be honest it takes less than a second to switch and you literally only have to click Y 1-2 times consecutively to access the right weapon you need since there are only three.
Arkane peaked at Dishonored smh i been trying to enjoy their games since then but this video is proof theres no point lol
This is a management issue. The fact they had the feedback, they knew it lacked, they released it anyway. It's not development, it's management. Non gamer corporate types have been messing up AAA ever since gaming overtook movies in revenue.
Am I surprised? Kinda...Arcane is usually better at this... Am I disappointed? Not at all...I was never one of those who thought MS buying Bethesda would have any positive effect...since MS couldn't get their own shit together for years now...which is why I'm one of those that are happy if the Activision aquisition falls through for sure...chances are MS will turn them into even more of a dumpsterfire...
$119 AUD, please.. I will never, ever purchase from this company ever again.
Oof! That was brutal. I think Prey (2017), and definitely Prey: Mooncrash, were lightning in a bottle. Not sure if Arkane could replicate those if this is the direction they are going.
It's physically painful to me to see the aiming in this game, looks so clunky and jerky
another garbage AAA game, its not surprising anymore. I know starfield will be a bug nest, its the creation engine after all...but what worries me is how good of a game it will be, this time they dont have the world of TES or Fallout to support their creative vision, so I fear that a lot of the game may end up feeling aimless... man, xbox and MS in general no longer have any "big game" to use as their "face", 343 took a shit on halo...again, Fable is pretty far on the distance(and the one everyone remembers is the 1st one out of 3), Gears of War is also on shaky ground after the 5th not being as good as the other 4...and that would be it, nothing else AAA noteworthy from them...
Reminds me of rouge warrior from ps3/xbox360
This game being a mess is not at the fault of the studio, Microsoft rushed and fucked up the dev process. Saying “the developers didn’t bother to finish the game” is like blaming the construction workers for an unfinished building. Like do you think they are gonna work for free??
Xbox controls can be fixed by taking your input response and dropping it to the lowest setting.
how the fuck did these guys make deathloop lmao
Obviously Arkane should not be making live-service multiplayer games. There's too many of those already and these days very few get fixed since gamers move on before the developers can patch their mess.
19:20 you can make a sick ass beat with this though 10/10
Haha games like red fall is the reason why Nintendo can be a tyrannical monster to consumers haha
Good god. Bethesda has become utter rubbish
I don't understand how so many devs can get it so wrong. Like what happened behind the scenes that delivered this pre-alpha game?
First charlie now you?! Lol both you guys refused to finish the game thats screaming so much
If you want a good vampire game, don't play this. Try Evil West. It deserves some eyeballs
People jump on Skill Up Reviews when a game is shit
Thanks for saving me £60.
Microsoft drastically cut down the staff across all their studies. Why is any of this a surprise?
Welcome to GamePass future! It is about quantity not quality. MS wants to be the Netflix of gaming. Achievement unlocked!
"stop me if you can" says the enemy stopped by a chair... also, this is such a fucking cliché line, that it makes it look like a game for a 6 year old...
i am glad i waited for the reviews and saved 70 euro's
seems like a case of execs "needing to release the game" and not a dev failure per se. I think devs get a bad wrap a lot of the time when it's management pushing a project out of the door prematurely.
Wow but it looks so good lol. So sad
I disagree I love colored loot I dont care if its useless it makes my brain happy
Bethesda was involved with this game and it's not elder scrolls therefore it sucks. Of course it's bad Bethesda the company that released it says it all. Elder scrolls games are just as bad and buggy but it's elder scrolls so everybody praises those games like they are perfect which they are not. I'm having fun with Redfall so far is it perfect hell no. Don't worry Bethesda will let you "haters" mod the crap out of the game aka fix their game they should have to fix themselves.
I was really thinking about getting an xbox for starfield but now there is no way. I will wait and see what the future brings
I can now confidently say, you could not pay me to play this game… what… happened?! Redfall lookin like a dumpster fire.
designed by ai?
Skillup: enshrining his place on Bethesda's no review code list via once again taking the piss out of a game that needed a rethink and more time to bake.
Anti vampire technique "chair" had me rolling.  😂 what a shame i was hoping for good things from this one...
This is just ridiculous. Zero compassion put into the game it seems. So bland and lazily built. Smh just embarrassing /:
Watching Redfall reviews and gameplay makes me think that this is probably Arkane studio's recently recruited developers' attempt at making a game
I am the one laughing at those who paid 69.99 for this or 99.99 for the deluxe haha then its on game pass, so the people who baught it you are all stupid... Just wait for reviews! Thank f for youtube.
I'd like to know how a cutscene like at 1:21, with so little going on, still manages to have texture pop-in that egregious.
honetstly youve had the best advice for a dev company coming out with a game like this. take the L  apologize move on. im so tired of waiting years for the game paying $70 playing it once and waiting 2 years for it to be finished.*coughs* cyberpunk nms 76 ect. great vid  i subbed for more.
Proof that everything Microsoft touches it destroys,  arkane was a good company before microsoft purchased zenimax.
Skill Up is discovering how profitable it is to be a rage pundit. He's just gleefully shitting on games, throwing nuance out the window, and focusing entirely on the negative.   "What do you do for a living?"  "I dramatically complain about video games."
Disagree, the ign person was trash too. The game is, but they were also.
The sooner people stop pre ordering games the sooner developers will get back to making good games at release. That goes for starfield too, Bethesda ain’t it
Has Arcane gone the 16 times direction???
Post it note expo is for DEEP LORE for like side things or things that aren't vital to the story.   Like why did Terry not have Mary when he could in theory have saved her in the story? Well if you read the ripped Terry journals in his level you'll find out Mary stole all his lunches out of the company fridge.   Then some youtuber can make an hour long lore video about it.   THATS WHAT POST IT NOTE LORE IS FOR. NOT FOR MAIN STORY EXPOSITION OR REPLACING ACTUAL STORY TELLING!
I pray starfield isnt trash pleas
Interesting, the game was more polished than this when I was playing it, and I have a laggy Xbox S, shitty internet connection, and was playing this through cloud gaming because I can't install to my system. There human enemies on every path I took away from the base, they pathed around a bit to get me or just shot me through cover, but I stopped playing because I don't really like playing these Destiny type games, as well as getting jumped by like five teleporting vampires a block away from where I started.
Got the bo2 cut scenes 💀
Took 16 years for Rare to get back to the quality that it had in its Nintendo days.
The best part about this game is you don't have to buy it to enjoy it.
Omg this was premiere ShillUp content. I haven't laughed this hard in a long time. Thank you for the awesome, in-depth review I've come to expect of your channel, and for the lot's.
I downloaded off of gamepass. It's got good bones, I can see where it's going- but it isn't there yet. And I'm tired of waiting a year to have the game that's released be functional. Truly a tragedy.
this game somehow looks worse than ROBLOX lmfao 😭 starfield is literally xbox’s last hope and no joke it has to be perfect and live up to what is promised. phil spencer and xbox can’t keep falling back on their baseless promises and claiming the future will be better
After this joke of a game and deathloop, I don't think Arkane as we know it even exists anymore. The talent has moved on.
Notice the keywords in the description of the game and the trailers quality vs the actual game. This game was not made to be fun for gamers, it was made to please investors.  This game probably costed very, very little to produce, and yet costs us $90 canadian. Its simply a quick, cheap and low effort attempt at making a profit. They added just enough so that they can add fancy words to the description which doesnt mean much to us, but more to those who arent going to play it.  Pleasing investors is destroying modern gaming.
Looks a clueless, vacuous teen game, one for the snowflakes.
I find it the timing here interesting. Arkane has been making masterpieces for decades. Just a top tier, grade A studio. But then Microsoft buys them, they release a game and this happens. I admit this could totally come from a bias born of a lifetime of love and devotion to Playstation consoles, but it just seems like this happens to Xbox a lot. I mean Halo Infinite was suppossed to be the game to turn things around and look what happened there. If there is a correlation between Microsoft and poor quality games, I absolutely do not blame the devs. I'm certain that it's the higher ups causing all the issues. I think they are bad for studios. I want Xbox games to succeed, I do, but..compare this to a Playstation exclusives. Super high quality, very few  bugs or broken mechanics at launch and usually an incredibly high level of critical and commercial success. It's just sad because we know that Arkane is so much better than this.
I started playing the game and it reminded me so much of Bioshock, so I went back to Bioshock and never went back to Redfall.  Thank you Redfall for reminding me a much much better game was released over 15 years ago.
You'd think this was a double AA or an indie game xD
Yongyea deserves an apology to that guy… he was quick on ranting about the ign guy and defending this 💩 of a game…  but so far he isn’t saying much…. What a joke.
I think this game is beyond repair.
I've been kind of disappointed with Arcane. I played Dishonored and loved it always been one of my favorite games, the second one had amazing visuals and the start of the game is amazing but overall the game has a worse story than the first. Deathloop just didn't interest me at all and I still haven't played it. It just seemed like the Dishonored series reskinned with unique concepts but uninteresting ones, I could play the game for free on gamepass and still haven't touched it. And now Redfall which I saw one trailer for and just could tell it would be terrible there's just something about a way a game looks that tells you it wont be good and I ended up being right.
This feels like it was made by the fallout 76 team. And not arkhane at all.
savage
game looks pretty lame sure glad i didnt  buy it.
Good number of people I follow(ed) said the game wasn't bad,  lost all their credibility this is in fact a catastrophe of a video game 👍
from what ive seen, this game takes the Borderlands model of gameplay but without the flare and personality that comes with it.
Back for blood 2?
Redfall was actually pretty high on my hype-o-meter.  Yes, there were early warning signs, but I liked the style of the game and the *idea* of it and, like anyone else who has played Arkane games, I had a lot of faith in them.  But what has been released here is downright shocking.  If they fix the AI, tweak the skill trees and progression, and make the world a little more alive with encounters it could go from unplayable to at least half-way decent... that said, if I could have Prey 2 or Dark Messiah 2 or Dishonored 3 instead, then maybe the resources are better spent elsewhere.
Please stop reviewing these shit ass games that don't deserve it. Check out Honkai Star Rail and see a game with some passion in it.
RIP Arkane. I guess all the real Arkane legends left after Prey.
“If a developer can’t be bothered to finish a game, then why should I?” Quote of the decade right there.
How did arcane go from developing the amazing prey to the mediocre deathloop to the horrendous redfal.
Redfall was absolute fire 🔥
This is sad for gaming.
Also, I think the best comment i heard about this game is that it feels like an offshoot of fortnites save the world pve but without building.
This reminded me of "Dying Light 2" but worse.
The entertainment industry as a whole really is in a terrible spot now, in film its all reboots and remakes of older titles that did well (these are typically worse than og) and in video games in all good ideas with 0 planning, 0 execution, and 0 development time.
I have a feeling Arcane was being held at gunpoint to make this software. Not even a game. Just... A software.
I genuinely felt pain in my soul watching the stealth animation  10:45
Such a generic looking game.
Wow, this is Arkane!? I thought this was an indy game.
Arkane isnt the same anymore. Key devs left years ago. Dont follow the name of the company but the devs that work there once these key people decide to leave the company you know stuff isnt looking good long term
This is the result of being Hyper focused on “diversity and inclusion” over Quality and Entertainment
Dat "DutyCalls" throwback with exploding car tho
Seems like they just need to pull a cyberpunk fix a lot of things and it might be decent after
I found the Vampire nests to be rather....missing vampires.
Kept saying this game was gonna bomb hard. Everyone commented back basically simping. Sometimes you can just tell a game is gonna suck. Just like Saints Row repoop. All the bugs etc are just the cherry on top. Its just sooo cringe. Sick of this whole "Hello fellow kids!!!". Game is just garbage all around. They should have stuck with what they're good at like making a Prey 2. Then again a lot of the talent that made those great games aren't even there anymore. Damn shame. To sum it all up: CRINGE. Tell Xbox GamePass I want my time back. Since they can't give me my wasted time back they can fix it with a monetary solution. GamePass is great and I play a lot of stuff on there but Xbox has got to get its isht together when it comes to exclusive franchises. Its like they're allergic to making awesome single player games. Not only that but for some reason the vast majority of games they've put out are cartoony. Why are they so against making a game with a more serious tone and single player action rpg or something.
Dame... this game says more then Gamers are willing to see n believe... STOP PRE ORDERING PLEASE 🙏
Slight error in the video, last time Arkane welcomed us into their game was Deathloop!
I was clowning on IGN... Cause i thiught the game would be like.... You know at least decent? Like other games with more than 2 main weapons.
Man I'm so sad with the direction Arkane has taken with some key figures leaving after Dishonored 2 and Prey
I only saw people mentioning this game a couple of times. Is it a big deal?
This game is absolutely shameful. Looks terrible, plays terrible. This game is broken from the ground up.
I can’t believe there’s a deluxe edition for this game
Didnt deathloop have autoaim though?
Such a boring empty game. The whole map needs more content.
Can't wait to play Starfield and experience this level of emptiness and unending randomly generated fetch quests... bUt On A tHoUsAnD pLaNeTs
While playing, it felt like redfall wanted way too hard to be dying light. But failed on every step.
The cut from God of War to Legend of Zelda to the broken vampire really put the perspective into place. OUCH.
This game feels like Arcane had that one arrogant employee always mouthing off saying "Making a video game is simple. I could make a game better than Deathloop - Easy!" and they finally got tired of hearing them complain so they let them try to learn their lesson.... and, well... I really hope they learned their lesson.
i think layman should reunite to trash this game
I think I've never seen Ralph this angry lol
I wouldn't worry about starfield my dude. I mean look at Skyrim starfield is basically going to be Skyrim in space. Skyrim has plenty of enemies. Plenty of stuff to do. It's Bethesda arcane may be a product of Bethesda but it's not Bethesda itself. Starfield will be just fine. The world you go to that have life will be teaming with life and stuff. Every single be a lot better with that game. I always tell people you need to look at starfield and then think about Skyrim cuz Todd Howard literally said starfill the Skyrim in space if Skyrim has a lot of enemies. Great missions, great sidecrest I mean skyrim's one of the games that people still play to this very day. Bethesda knows how to make a game, so when it comes to one of their own games that they're working on, it's going to be all right. Arcane may have flopped on theirs, but Bethesda is not going to flop on starfield. Trust me on that one, especially elder scrolls. 6. Everybody's like oh, but fall out 76 that was an online based game. It says there's never done an online based game that's why it turned out like that. But Bethesda's about single player open world games. That's why anytime they release one of those in the past they were really great. Games, Morrowind oblivion Skyrim the original fallout 3. So it's fine. You don't have to worry about starfield my dude
LOL This game sucks.
Redfail
So bethesda has replaced Arcane studios crew with their braindead monkeys.
Yeah this is terrible but you all preordered it, spent full price on a broken unfinished game and rewarded these poor practices. You never stop either, literally every single bad game release - you keep preordering. Even if you aren't excited for the game ! You just keep giving money to these awful companies when you have no reason to
As a PS5 player who loved the shit out of Deathloop, this pleases me greatly
Are you crouched during all this gameplay? Why are ALL the enemies towering over you?
I appreciate the Datto font usage
Not gonna lie I was t expecting much from this game don't know why but I'm happy I wasn't disappointed if I was setting a low bar already lol
8:26 What if I told you this is an alpha build?
There is no dev so good that Betheseda can not ruin them. Starfield is going to be a dumpster fire.
I have conspirancy theory, they release it specifically to show regulator how bad microsoft games are to allow this activision deal.
So much praise for such a honest review. Thumbs up + Subscribed.  I am an Xbox Fan and you did absolutely great review to this game. This game deserve bloodbath review which you did rightly.
It was already obvious this game would be terrible. Deathloop is really overvalued, that game has many flaws that somehow Arkane made them worse in this game. Maybe now they make Dishonored 3 and stick to what they are known for.
This is really sad even though it just wasn’t for me and I was still rooting for this game but oh well another one down the drain
@1:22 obvious LOD popping is obvious
These are literally the things elden ring was praised for lol. Npcs give you quests, the narrative is told through lore.
This was such a comprehensive destruction of this game. Amazing.
I couldn’t trust person who tells that steelseries makes the best keyboards and so on)
“They didn’t finish their own game, so why should I finish it?” 😅😂🤣
this game looks like it was released about 12 years ago
The ad on this video for mewas for…Redfall. Yikes
so we've been crafting these highly complex worlds for decades but there's only about 300k people in the world who actually buy immersive sims, so let's build a shitty one dimensional shooter like all the other AAA studios and make millions
Its so entertaining to see something fail when u knew it would
Everybody bitching about this but I wanna play it
These are honestly my favorite videos lol
To be fair this always looked dead on arrival to me from the first trailer.
Fast food gaming
Destiny mentions: IIII
This video seems so tongue in cheek, honestly I am totally here for it
This year has just been a wash for triple A games. Nothing is finished. I don't know when I'll actually get to complete Jedi Survivor because the PC port is so unbelievably bad and EA are so slow to fix things
why do all the proportions seem off? lmaao
Anyone else get an ad for Redfall in the middle of watching this?
Redfall will be remembered as one of the open world games of all time
Did someone use an AI app to spit this game out and the Devs took one look at this, and said...."fuck it!".?
Why does it seem like games are just getting worse and worse each year.   I blame the 'new normal' of hybrid working.
And now you all pretend like you guys didn't harassed the IGN person. No one even mentioning IGN in this comment section f ucking karens.
Cannot believe Redfail is the next big Xbox exclusive this is embarrassing wtf?
Steel series mice are prone to mechanical failures. Stay away from them.
I think publishers should start paying fines for unfinished games that they release. I get that there are deadlines and that games can be improved over time. But to pass these games off as finished products and ask $70+ for them feels criminal.
Even though Bethesda are the publishers, judging by the amount of bugs and fk up the game is, Good old Todd and his team Must have had hands on in the developement.  In Todds own words (It just Works)
God... Jacob's Raven having an """upgrade""" that makes it deal Damage to enemies when it's meant to be a scouting tool reminds me of how in AC Odyssey, Ikaros's Eagle Harass deals damage to foes and it thus becomes useless as a stun/stealth tool because it exposes you, or how the """upgraded""" Smoke Arrow in AC Valhalla causes it to deal damage instead of crowd-control, once again making it useless as a stealth tool. These types of (alleged!) upgrades _strip functionality_ from what the verb is supposed to be, and I have no idea why poorly-designed games just _let_ you screw yourself over like that.
it is honestly terrifying how Ralph can somehow manage to sneak Destiny into every single video he makes. yes!
The irony of getting an advert for Red Fall before the video plays 😂
Thanks for the video ShillUp
I mean what did we expect
I most certainly agree with the very astute gentleman named Adrian, fuck the british "people"
as someone who grew up playing dishonoured and talking about it with a friend who also loved it and then years later Arkane released a game that quickly became on of my favourite games of all time, Prey, I'm saddened and disappointed to see what have became of Arkane. luckily when I saw the first trailer for the game I had a feeling that it will go bad so never had high hopes for it but I've never thought it will be this bad. This is farewell to Arkane studios as I cant see a any comeback after something like this.   R.I.P Arkane studios.
British? More like cringe.
the UK should totally be removed off the face of the earth we dont even need the terrible land it just needs to be gone
Damn
Redfall is probably going to be another one in the long line of "We'll release our games in a shitty state, but we promise to Patch it into a playable state in the timespan of two years"   Blame No Man's Sky for this...
Yet people keep pre ordering crap like this.
Don’t even think it’ll be on a list for worse games 2023 that’s how underwhelming it is
Now that this piece of shit is dealt with, please let them get back to Dishonored.
Not sure how warranted that apology to IGN is, since the gameplay footage here isn't nearly as bad as what they showed.
I guess we will have a lengthy Jason Schreier article soon about all the stuff that went wrong behind the scenes.
All I heard was Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny Destiny...
I did the exact same thing in the record store lol
More like this to come from Xbox Game Pass!
You couldn’t pay me to play this game
From what I've seen of starfield it's gonna be broken. Gg microsoft but I ant betting on the right horses for video gaming unfortunately.
I think they released the wrong build and still haven't realized, both labelled May this is the 2022 delayed build.
😂😂😂omg
controller player complaining they dont have aim assist :)  Should have learned to use a mouse
Predictable Xbox fanfare at this point.
the character models look like GTA IV models (2009!), moldy and cartoony. Nice.
Bethesda would go down under like Ubisoft,Msoft saved their ars....
Think Redfall's fail is even worse than Forspoken. Now Xbox/Microsoft and Sony/PlayStation have egg on their faces for their respective console exclusives.
Fallout 76 at least got better eventually.
This is oddly my favorite review you’ve done. I honestly didn’t want it to end just imagining your silent reactions to the disappointing gameplay.
Found this review to be quite harsh and condescending. At times it was like you were making fun of the developers work.
I bet that bethesda wanted them to make a zombie looter shooter and they compromised by half-assing a vampire one.
Ralph isn’t mad at Arkane, he’s just disappointed. Arkane need to go away and think about what they’ve done.
I bet EA are delighted this game is taking the  attention away from Jedi Survivor's problems
I just go around looking for the funniest redfall review. I think this one takes the win
Wild how Xbox keeps crapping out one terrible and/or half-baked game once every two to three years (and that's it) and yet people are still vying for them to gobble up more of the third-party market. Microsoft is where game studios go to die.
Give me variations of "I would now like to talk about..."  Sure, here are some variations you can use instead of "I would now like to talk about...":  Let's now turn our attention to... The next topic I'd like to discuss is... Moving on, I'd like to address... Our focus will now shift to... I'd like to bring up... The next point I want to make is... Let's explore... Now let's delve into... Next up on our agenda is... I'd like to touch on...
this whole game screams of "we fired the entire animation, writing, and QA team for the ad budget."
Making stuff just to make money, turns out you produce nothing valuable or worth. Weird that...
What beeing owned by Microsoft does to a Franchise/studio...  Microsoft has Zero/ non nada  sifir  great First Party titles left..  Halo sucks now, Redfall lmao, Forza has become  a shell of itself hatet by most og fans.  Ehm are there even any games left? Crackdown remember that fail? Sea of Thieves at launch?  And now look at Sony.. no wonder  people dont buy xbox'es anymore
I don't think that they should give up on the game and move on, they could 100% go for No Man's Sky or FO76 approach.
I really hope starfield doesn't suck ass on launch
1:50 RIP Lance 😢
just fucking make Dishonered 3 or Prey 2 pls Arkane
Yea, games need to stop copy/paste-ing Diablo's loot system.  It's the lazy way out
The vampire floating away with ??? Made me laugh.
great review for a complete tragedy. nothing worse than seeing Arkane follow the same trail of Bioware and Anthem
10:59 top moment, the best stelth kill in game ever, i think it is golden joystic award for it for sure!
25:17 Step 2: I have a highgroud
Raphaël Colantonio is the founder, and until he departed after Prey, he was also the creative lead and executive for the studio in both France and Texas.  Dude created Prey and Dishonored. He didn't create Deathloop, Dishonored 2, or Redfall. He left because he wasn't thrilled about being forced into making GAAS, so it was hilarious to see Arkane brag that this is going unfinished and monetized more than any of their other games.  The creator of prey and dishonored is gone now, making immersive sims at new companies where they don't force the designers to split up the skill tree to sell skins.
Game works fine for me. Open world and big areas to explore. Different ways to play to complete missions. Co-op works fine. Story wise I don’t watch cutscenes and don’t play it for the story. 10+ hours in so far.
Oh my God… This game is shiitttt!
Errr..some of weapon sfx seem decent? Lots of clicky shuffling noises. Cant wait to see how your gonna compare Street Fighter 6 to Destiny. Your covering SF6 right?
They very obviously could fix the game with an overhaul, which they might be inclined to do given the attachment to the names of Arcane and Microsoft. If they added cutscenes, added aim assist and sensitivity options, tweaked the gameplay and added small quality of life improvements, and fixed most of the bugs it could probably be a good video game. Who knows if they will but if there's one thing Justin Bieber has taught us it's to never say never.
Shocking that Arkane has been making amazing games for 10 years and they go and do a Microsoft exclusive and it's a total shit show. Coincidence? Perhaps
The quality bar for Microsoft games already dropped when they let their flagship title, Halo Infinite, release in such a mess and half baked. I am not surprised at all at the state of RedFall.
Sooo…… developers are just gonna keep releasing dog sh*t games every year. Well… now that gaming is dead, I should actually try to loose my virginity😊 I’m 34 btw
Be glad it isn’t Cyberpunk 2077 broken.. at least redfall is playable, cyberpunk was far worse and it saved itself so give it time.
Wtf happened to Arkane
This game looks like it's coming from year 2008
I honestly expect similar quality from Starfield. Because it's a bethesda game made by bethesda.
Let's be honest. Who's actually surprised this game sucks? It was obvious the first time I saw it..
The game doesn't look good either and it's at full price.. there's really no redeeming factor to this game.
I just wanna say that it's a REAL shame that every time there's a game like this with vampires as an underpinning theme, they NEVER do anything interesting with the thousands of years of lore humanity have written about vampires.  Edit: Spelling mistakes lul.
TLDW: Microsoft are trying to be Disney. Content over Quality, Avoid.
This game looks like a terrible errand boy simulator.
I don't think the game is as bad as people are making it out to be. It has issues and it's definitely not worth 70 dollars, but as an game pass game it's just alright
This game looks more and more worthless the further I get through the review…🤮
And everyone is going to buy the next game released by them like this never happened. Root of the issue.
Where's that musical arrangement of the GUI sounds in this game? 19:21 sounds like the game was trying to do a riff. Maybe combine it with that Macintosh that tried to turn its chime of death into a riff as well. That might be cool to listen to.
Yall are ignorant,  I have had no problems going after and taking out enemies. There have been other games with no cut scenes and also the note reading....tons of games have that!
Thank you for this honest review. It’s now clear for me that this game will not be worth it even at 75% off.
The sniper scope overlay is so ugly.
Clearly someone needs to issue a recall for those trucks. That model has a serious oil pan gasket problem.
in a perfect world in some other universe there is an xbox console with good exclusive games
This game is a slap in the face of gamers. This didn't need more time, it needed to be canned. I don't say that often but this should have been scrapped as soon as MS saw it in action. They had to know there was no way this was going to be successful.
Great job making the intro to each subject a dull "I would like to talk about.." to match the dullness of the game
In the last 3 years or so the triple A companies are doing one thing only: Money-grab.
26:24 😂
This is why pirates exist.
Arkane is just slowly getting worse, it's really sad. Deathloop was fun and had a great narrative, but the looping mechanic, to me, got really boring after only a couple hours in and I was ready to be done with it in less than 5 hours
Feels like AAA for games nowadays stands for Anticipate->Annoy->Abandon...
Nemesis from 1999 RE3 has better AI than every enemy in Redfall from 2023. That is insane..
It's ppl like this that go buy the game and complain it isn't finished, in which the companies keep bringing out unfinished games. Stop buying, and they will start fixing them hints wwe 2k20.
This is what u get for supporting devs like Guerillla Games, Ubisoft, etc. Dumb, lazy games from dumb, lazy ppl for dumb, lazy ppl.
I honestly had no hope for this, always online, at best, starts extremly wonky and after years it might be decent/good and in the end the only thing that keeps a lot of player in theese games are the already massive amount of hours put into it, hope that it will be better or a refusal to see that the game underdelivers on all promises made.
Not bad, only took 5 min to mention Destiny 👏
When this game was announced and pushed HARD, you just knew it was going to be bad. No one should be surprised by this.
"Bad controls" "No auto-aim" -> plays FPS on a gamepad. Genius.
But i thought Phil was a gamer, surely he must have noticed everything wrong on this game during developement phase. Such a complete corporate bullshitter he is....
If I was a video game developer I would bring everyone together and use this game as a learning experience of what not to do.
It's free on game pass which free is a reasonable price for this game rip if you paid the 70$ though.
Smdh...I had high hopes for this one too....damn shame
I love watching the terrible reviews more than the good reviews. Some of the games are so bad it's funny.
GO HERE
Watch! This review will break 1 million subs for the channel
Am i the only person not having performance issue with this game lol. Free on game pass, playing with a buddy and not having an issue. It’s not an AMAZING game, but the blowback has been kinda wild, like I’ve heard more about how bad this game is than Forspoken and that game was actually fucking trash.
As soon as I saw the reveal for this game I knew it would be terrible.
The witches in Dishonored were more menacing . .
Shill up redfall good u just mad u only have weeabo games on the gaystation 4 🤣 😂 🤣 😂
I played it for about 15 min last night.  Its more concerned about whether it checked all the forced diversity, inclusion, and nauseating feminism boxes than being a good game in ANY metric.
Entertaining as always, your dry humour was on point.
The way that you mirrored the half arsed nature of this game in your video presentation is masterful 🤣
Every life is precious so in any situation the gospel is needed: God so loved the world, That He have His only son, so that whosoever believes in Him would be saved. (John 3:16, Bible). We have all broken God’s moral law and have gotten the death penalty. However, Jesus lived a perfect life in order to take our place and endure the wrath of God. He did this because He loves us so much! Repent from sin and trust in what Jesus did for you so your sins can be forgiven and forgotten. <3
Why are people bitching about cutscenes. All arkane games have those still type story telling cutscenes. to be clear, I'm an arkane fanatic. I loves all their games. Hated deathloop because I like story driven immersive games, and while redfall disappointed me and I hate not being able to load a game up to try different decisions that impact the game, it wasn't as bad as people say. I'm only.past the second mission though, so hopefully I feel the same about the rest of it.
I laughed out loud at work at the “stealth kill”. I couldn’t help it.
Movement speed build is going to be meta, I'm seeing it now!
You want a real catastrophe go play The Quiet Man from 2018.
I like how you just dishonored this game 🤣
When a game have a character with "studentloans", that alone should raise a big, red flag.
My god this is a savage review and I am all for it!
how did we got from dishonored and prey to this jesus christ
Every time you said “party” I heard “potty”.  Have a lot of potty members on the loo in Aussieland?  Have a like and a subscribe. Quality video and content.
Is this a PS2 game?
Respect for this honest detailed review bud!!! As always!
The Internet Historian is Gonna a good time with this one, my god.
The best reviewer on YouTube, hands down. Talking about a piece of garbage in detail, as opposed to only doing a 5 minute video and calling it a day.
This is so sad. I never expected Arkane to make a bad game.
Between this and ghostwire arcane is not the same.
Holy shit. I'm a big fan of arcane and already was a bit scared that the game would be bad from seeing the promo but this is something else. It's super sad for arcane but at the same time it's so interesting to see it crash
this is so funny, what a joke this is
Why was every single game released after Prey trash? Guys just release Prey 2.
just as I watch this, I didn't have a big issue with the "cut scenes". I just chalked it up to stylization.
So glad I did bot get this game. That siad while watching this a vid showcasing how good awful this game it, youtube thinks I need to see  an advertisement for the game. No YT, bad YT...
What really makes me angry is the fact that they did know. They did every trick in the book so people couldn't review and see the game before it's released. They knew it was a turd, but pushed anyway asking full price for it. It should be punishable by law.
this is expected, less budget less quality
1/10 😅 Also people trying to say Forespoken is just as bad. That game was playable and finished. My lawd this game is a disaster.
If numbers come out of enemies when I shoot them then it's automatically a hard no. How to destroy any immersion immediately.
The problem with Redfall and games like it is they're coming post the industry's push to make seventy dollars the new standard. The message they're sending, intentionally or not, is that they want more money for games with far less quality than before. It's going to lead to studios being axed or studios going bankrupt. You can not release a game in this state. For decades the industry has relied on the imbeciles who pre order and buy no matter how many times they've been fucked in the ass to hide or prop up dog shit games like this. I'd like to say it'll end sooner or later but with how long it has gone on I doubt it. We'll just keep getting trash like this because of those morons. If anything Redfall points out the biggest difference between Microsoft and Sony. Microsoft doesn't care about quality and Sony does. Sony isn't immune to the issue but they have far less of it happening, especially with important titles that're supposed to push console sales. Microsoft should have tested this game and then told the studio it's not being released until it's fixed. This will absolutely do damage to the brand and worst yet Arkane's reputation is going to take a hit too.
Absolutely every software company in any area suffers from the same set of problems: unrealistic expectations and contrived deadlines that lead to employee pressure, overtime work, and, as a result, absolute garbage games. If you still believe that Arkane in its current state can develop something remotely as good as Dishonored, you are delusional. The team behind Dishonored is long disbanded, and everything we're about to get are these half-baked, session looter-shooters puked out with a single intention: fulfill the higher management's cash-grab fantasy. Now, you may sugarcoat it as much as you want but that's the reality.   Don't want games like this—**Don't buy them**.
I'm calling out to microsoft officials from here; Don't even think about touching the Doom Franchise.
Messaged my friends a few days ago to excitedly proclaim that this game that I've been waiting for since last July has finally dropped, only to be informed that the reviews are scathing and the game is meant to be really bad. So gutted
Damn. That was hard to watch
This was hilarious - Jason, your turn
Is it just me or this game has lots of GaaS vibes? No pause on menus, always online even on single player, color graded weapons, no cinematics, storytelling throughout notes, a bunch of characters with unique abilities and skills, even the menu feels like a GaaS menu. I feel at some point this game changed from a GaaS to this, whatever this is
PlayStation.
Sorry IGN dude
It's a good thing they spent their budget on a plethora of podcast ads
Tell me why would they make the "open menu" sound is the exact same as the "enemy just saw you" sound. How dense are they?
This is xbox. This is what they do! They take great developers and ruin them.
To quote my friend "The underbosses are underwhelming"
I would like to point out that this game in canada along with any triple A game is $89... 89 BUCKS. That's without tax. This is definitely a game that I'll try because of game pass but if I was buying it definitely be the game I'd buy for $4 and call it a day.
hahahaha
The fact that you actually played this longer then 10 minutes god bless your heart
They can remove DRM, i dont think they need to be scared of piracy. Noone would download this shit
Damn, looks like Arkane are trying to pass off an alpha for a full game. I hope no one spent money on this garbage.
Apart from Dishonored, Redfall is the only Arkane Studios games I kinda like. It has issues, like terrible hit detection, bugs and a weak story, but I like just roaming around killing. The nest are all the same, the missions are meh and weapons are also meh. There could be cars to get around and stealth could be better. Allies talk over each other, I literally had 3 people talking at once. But it just a mindless game imo. Would I pay $70 for it? Absolutely not. It's maybe worth about $20, I got it on gamepass. It's a 3.5 out of 10. Games in general are bad these days. We get a few good ones that aren't remakes, but most are just like Redfall.
Load of crap this game is .. gaming is going down this hole
Thanks god I don't buy any games anymore to release. :D
Jesus Christ, wtf happened to Arkane?
Even if the gameplay was great I couldn't get past the awful cringy MCU tier writing
Wow who knew that all you needed to beat vampires is....  a chair...
I await Crowbcat's video on this game
Doubt Microsoft games are gonna have the expensive things like cutscenes going forward. These 'AAA' games are going to Gamepass so they will cut corners in every are they can get away with.
This smacks of a project that was forced on a creative team by suits that they never wanted to do. Thoroughly half-assed
What an awesome video-class for how not to do a videogame, thank you Skill Up 🙏
*chair* lmao, okay good one.
Why do you keep mentioning Destiny though? Destiny is also massive dogshit lol.
Most people relate Arkane to the dishonoured series while talking about how disappointing this game is. I’m glad you focused on prey, because that really is the worst part about this game, how they went from PREY to this garbage
People talk about arkane as though they use to make perfect games.there one big game Dishonored may have been good but it was never a visual masterpiece with flawless graphics and performance.all there games are pretty equal in performance
People talk about arkane as though they use to make perfect games.there one big game Dishonored may have been good but it was never a visual masterpiece with flawless graphics and performance.all there games are pretty equal in performance
So the thing that really angers me about this is that unfortunately, sorry to you SkillUp, but it's Destiny that caused this. Take a look at the popularity of online co-op in games like Destiny. The majority of players don't give a SLIME about story. They don't care. They're impatient, they're bored, they want shooty shooty for looty looty.   This is the target market these devs have turned an immersive-sim into. This is why it's empty, lifeless, storyless, character-less. This whole thing is a $120 quest dispenser. It's pathetic.
5:20 Input response preset when set to low helps to fix the dead zone issues and input lag as far as I know. I've seen many ppl recommending this setting on low if you play on controller
"How to explode a car"   *shoots the window*  I lost it
The money for these games HAS to be being laundered or something, right…?
Microsoft is the new EA now?
Lol, that comparsion to God of War and Tears of the Kingdom releases is gold :D. This is realy bad PR for Bethesda/Microsoft.
The biggest crime this game committed is it made me feel guilty for having disdain on a games journalist.
As soon as I heard about this game and saw skill up had a video, I clicked soooo fast.
I had this game 49% downloaded via gamepass and 10 mins into this video I cancelled the download. What the effervescent fuck..
AAA gaming, everyone
Bummer, but I blame publishers over the devs. Arkane didn't want to make a "Might and Magic" game, they didn't want to make a "Prey" game, and I bet they didn't want to be a pawn in corporate monopoly wars, shoving out a Microsoft exclusive looter shooter. It's sad because in theory I'd love a vampire co-op immersive sim made in Arkane's actual style.
This makes me so sad. To see a single player immersive-sim stalwart reduced to shitting out stuff like this. Is this what their devs had in mind? is this the game they really wanted to make?  This is a betrayal of what made Arkane revered. It's just sad.
"If the developer can't be bothered to finish the game, why should I?" LOL.
Absolutely in your boat with the disappointment and hopes for Bethesda.  I was very disappointed in Bethesda when they pivoted away from first-person, stand-alone, award-winning RPGs like Skyrim and Fallout 4 to get into the MMORPG universe (ESO).  I kept hoping they would return to the roots which made them great, but then they released Fallout 76 before they released Starfield.  With Starfield on the horizon and the Microsoft Purchase of the company, I again had hope Bethesda was doing a 180 and returniong to the formula which made them great.  The Redfall release and the early trailers from Starfield have me doubtful...
An unfinished game with Bethesda involvement? Quelle surprise!
I made a vow to never spend 70 dollars on these new gen games, whether it comes out on PC or Console and right now. These games make me feel like I made the best choice.
I dont get all these reviews.  The game is fun.  Redfall was NOT empty as described here.  I dont get the constant bashing and sheep jumping aboard the reviewers opinions.  Try the game you will be pleasantly surprised.
Don't worry y'all. Arkane is going to fix the game (sort of) in 5 years
Another easy skip. Oh well, money saved.
this is just sad to see such a fall from grace. It's as if they were begging to be shutdown after this bombs
Playing FPS on a controller. lul  (I still don't know why mice peripherals stopped being a thing for consoles.)
what sucks even more about all this is I got to play the game a few months ago with Harvey Smith right behind me at a preview event, and had a meeting with him afterwards where I told him so many of the issues you covered here. Somehow none of that feedback landed, nobody else raised these issues, or nobody thought it might be necessary to fix this stuff before releasing the game. I don't understand it - Harvey was lovely but he and his team are so much better than this.
Money well spent Microsoft
Expect this game to be on discount on Steam in June.
I love that the transitions between parts of this review are just as impressive as the game itself, love this review!
You nailed it. Keep doing what you do.
More like RedFallout 76
This what Microsoft thinks a $70 game looks like. Beware.
How do you go from Prey to this 🤷‍♂️
You can actually hear the defeat in his voice.
This is terrific Fallout 76 DLC.
thanks for this nice review, even though nothing shown from the game itself is actually nice.... 🤣
Yeah this review is super fair. The game is an embarrassing mess.
gaming is fucked now man - Arkane made some of the best games you could play for so long.. now...
Great vid. I don't always love the hate but dunking on this game will never not be funny.
Curious to know if the Arkane Studios, through Equity and Inclusion got rid of, or had left, the horrible people not down with 26 days off a year to dance around naked and protest and Here We Are?!? Austin Texas developer with lots of Proud Roundtables...Xbox sometimes promoting it.  But they are also promoting this game.
I mean the dishonored games are very meh graphic wise as well soooo
9th AAA game this year, 9th failure. And we're in may... LOL
they should be sued for this release
17:17 "Damn he is good, the lazily listing to the left is so hard to counter!"
Was about to comment something about braindead shooters also being a good thing for those not wanting a huge engaging crap sucking our lives and sure this one can't be worse than those shitty as-a-service cashgrabs out there... and somehhow this video, hilariously i might add, pointing so many broken stuff turned all my reasoning into an "oh, ok, it's really that bad".
& ROFL @ 04:05 ! "How to explode a car".
Anyone who says "i have bug free experience and i kinda like it"... guys you are being used like fucking whore...  This game lacks fundamentals and basic shit.
Honestly I have always thought arkane was a subpar studio. Maybe the most over rated studio out there
So, did you like it?
Microsoft are finished.
Man video games are so bad these days I can't think of the last time I actually enjoyed anything released in the past 5 years
After enjoying Deathloop, I was gutted this wasn’t coming to ps5…… now, not so much.
Awesome review but i am sure we are all wondering the same thing. Do you recommend Redfall?
i feel like these studios release games before play testing them, just play the goddamn game before releasing it lol
Can't believe how some don't blame devs on this and say "oh but blame corporation for rushing it!" It's obvious that during the FIVE years they had to develop this, it's very very bad.
even if this game ran at 240fps 4K Extreme quality settings this game would be still the most mediocre and meh thing of the last decade  Scrap it, take the loss and go back into the drawing board.
I love how everyone nitpicks Xbox games but wouldn't do that to Nintendo or Sony. Nintendo releases barebones games with almost no features and gets 10s. Cutscenes? so what. Complains about not having your hand held because you can't aim. Complains about how you switch your weapon, like DOOM didn't do the same thing but no one cared about that. Oh no, there is not really any enemies. Mind you the game could be better, have more enemies and less bugs but you're complaining a lot about shit that shouldn't be important. Xbox bias is real
24:07 I's obvious, what they meant under the word accuracy. It does not need further explaining.
Even Elden ring had cutscenes. Wtf
Bethesda have always been a terrible studio they never realeased a polished game
This game may not be salvagable but i like the idea of the game and its story could rewirked for another game.  And i have been having alot of fun with the game.
Executive meddling.
The eagerness, and borderline joy to shit on Xbox is very touching. To the point of jinxing Starfield 4 months before release... Meanwhile, Forbidden West is a buggy mess TO THIS DAY, and so are Burning Shores. And no one bats an eye, because Sony can do no wrong, apparently.
Well at least diablo 4 is coming out in a few weeks.
I feel like people give Arkane WAY too much credit. They've never made anything actually impressive imo. However even this looks just awful for their mediocre typical quality. I thought maybe the game would at least be somewhat unique fun, but apparently that was only the cinematic trailers. I feel bad for anyone that bought this really.
They rushed the fuck out of this. it's a total cash grab, an unfinished broken game.
That movie theatre section is unbelievable.
I think the more impressive thing about this video is you made it 30 minutes about how it’s so bad
I was a developer for Redfall. The product you played was a result of several confused creative visions, and terrible exec oversight.  I know that they cut the art department back to focus on "user retention" gimmicks (weapon system etc) hence the static "cut scenes".
Alternative title:  "I recommend: not playing Redfall"
Sucks for Ralph, but i do love a well written tear down of what modern gaming has become.
The whole budget went to cool vampire sprites and nothing else
I realy wana know who is testing those games, pls tell me????
only Co op game i am looking forward to this year is Sentry a indie game made by small devloper Fireblade software. the AAA stuff like this is just trash and broken and not worth money .
A good reminder of how strong that Prey opening was.
I had this game on my Wishlist because im still very curious to play it, but maybe not until its super cheap.... Until you showed off the rook. Sorry Arkane but im out.
Disappointing
So many titles recently launching in an alpha state... I'm wondering how these games make it past any type of internal review process? Or more likely, what decisions are made in spite of it. They must know the game launching in this kind of a state will only hurt them - especially when it says 60fps on the box with a little sticker on top saying "oh, by the way, 60fps is not available yet." But they launch anyway.
Modern microsoft games somehow fucked up everything they touched like minecraft, halo, forza, and now every bethesda games. I'm not surprised if they fucked up starfield
Sorry but after that garbage Deathloop I fully expected this to be utter trash as well. 👳🏾‍♂️
thanks for sharing this , no way ill play this! waiting for DIABLO IV
Im really shocked you were able to make a 30 min video about this game 🤣. I couldnt even play it for 30 min without being very very bored.
The retarded AI was an instant PASS for me months ago. The cartoony art direction doesn't help either.
I think we should compare the credits for Prey and Redfall - I have the strong suspicion that MANY of the people responsible for Prey 2017 do not work at Arkane Austin anymore. I refuse to believe that the people who made Prey made.... this.
Ralph you didn't mention the doors. I dunno about your doors mate but mine don't open both ways. I know its just a video game but this bugs the hell out of me and is another example of shoddy workmanship.
Its been nagging me for years now and I feel really dumb for only just now figuring it out.  Triple A stands for Annoying. Attrocious. Amateur.
Is this sabotage by arkane? I remember seeing the first ad for this have and noticed then that the gameplay looked off, bad, and bland. So crazy how terrible this is, yet so tragically believable now a days.
Haven't played this yet and never will thanks to you in a positive way lol
So sad. = (
This may well be my favourite SkillUp video ever TL;DR 28:33
That moment of 6:49 "advanced strategy i discovered to avoid omnipresence case" had me in tears. Then immediate cut to next topic was chef kiss.
i miss laymen.
I tried the game on gamepass, about 45 minutes in after killing the first "General" I had to call it quits and uninstall. The world is dead, the hardest 'difficulty' has AI that are completely inane and totally broken, the guns handle like garbage, the game CHUGS despite there being practically nothing intense on screen, and the dialogue is horrendous Marvel trash.   Its honestly shocking that they made Arkane release this, this game is absolutely abysmal and one of the few times Ive genuinely not been able to stand more than an hour of playing it (The other example being "Agony"). Fitting name.
I had more fun watching how  redfail reviews than playing this trash. It's worse than anthem and marvel avengers
Didn't Arkane lose the main creative director, shortly after Prey?  With both Deathloop and this, it certainly seems like they've lost someone, who was very important when it comes to gameplay and creative design.
What is it with Microsoft and their goddam multiplayer games, just fricking stop already. Nearly every game that Sony releases is single-player and ends up being a classic, but Xbox still doesn't get it, the hell with so many multiplayer games give us more polished single-player games and stop all the faffing about adding multiplayer elements to so many dam games, adding multiplayer modes to games means more developing time and online/offline bull crap that gets in the way of actual gaming. Most of us have families and jobs and have not got the time to go online or time to play with others. We talk about the Xbox 360 era and how great it was well that was in my opinion because there were so many more single-player games around than multiplayer ones back then. This crap will continue to happen unless they concentrate more on single-player games. btw am not saying multiplayer games are not wanted am just saying that not every other game has to have some sort of online multiplayer mode tacked on the end of it.
They put aim assist for the cursor in the menus but not for the guns in-game where it should be. Absolute dogshit.
Please livestream the final boss fight, I really want to see the reaction.
When the review is like a Crowbcat video, you know things are bad.
This game is a disgrace. I used to love arkane and I had hoped and prayed for an arx fatalis and dark messiah sequel. I don’t wish that anymore.
I'm glad that after the catastrophe that was "deathloop" and "Youngblood" people are finally realising how terrible arkane has actually become
Looks like some shitty free to play game!
The creative minds of Arkane left, so follow them instead.
A bit weird, since i had a mini-boss in the movie theater mission. A vampire that was throwing orbs that blind me, the fight was short regardless
Something very must have gone very wrong at Arkane for them to push this out the door in this state. Can't wait for the behind the scenes.
(Day 26) Since you mentioned the Xenoblade Chronicles X, Please make a  review of it, you might be able to make it regain some popularity so Monolith Software would port it to switch or make X2
13:10 “Haha! I’m going to suck your dic- Blood! I’m going to suck your blood! Ha ah..”
It's a damn shame that this game is bad, because it feels like it could've been SO GOOD, it's basically The Lost Boys video game, stylistically and the base of the story is amazing and perfect, they've got a lot of fundamentals right in terms of the world building but it really needed 6 months more in the oven to be worth the money. I really hope they continue development and make it the game it should be.
4:36 I’m glad I never jumped on that bandwagon. Unless it’s absolutely egregious like that games journalist that was struggling to get through Cuphead’s tutorial, lambasting someone because they aren’t playing the game the best is dumb.
The moment they said the game will be muliplayer, I knew I wouldn't like it. But woof, I wasn't expecting this kind of disaster. Shame.
I was so excited about the idea, and its badly delivered. Arcane studio's over?
This is $70????????
Comment
Deathloop sucked a fat one, wasn't really expecting anything from this.
Yeah, Arcane should just stick to Dishonored
Pretty fuckin wild that someone made a game worse than Fallout 76 at launch
I mean compare this to Old Arkane games it’s terrible. But compare it to Deathloop, they feel similar…. Neither are amazing.
Wow. It's really disappointing not only for this game, but also yet another problem for Gamepass. This was meant to be a big AAA game to hook people in. I'm honestly struggling to remember a good new AAA game which was launched on here.
It is still better than Alien - Colonial Marines.
Cannot defend this game but I will have to day Arkane is not a Triple A Studio.
Not a good beginning to the "year of Xbox"
Microsoft still saying " we got games" hahahahaha😂 no thank you
"i would now like to show you how to explode a car in red fall .. " -- *proceeds to shoot the car window that doesnt break*
I ended up getting a refund for it after playing for 2 hours. Straight up felt meh
Literally a mobile game 😂😂😂
5:56 Jesus...
Ouch!
If this garbage was made by Arkane Lyon I think would cry and stop gaming for months
"If a developer can't be bothered to finish a game, then why should I?" A-fucking-men! Exactly how I felt playing Pokemon Scarlet. But oof, this game seems even worse in some ways, at least by comparison to its contemporaries.
Imagine buying a company for billions , and then they giving you mid games 😂😅 gamepass passable
Age of unfinished broken games and steep prices.  I'm so glad we have indie games and impressive fan mods. Otherwise, retro gaming is all that remains.
i´m still wondering how long it will take for people to realize that MS is not a gaming company
How is such a poor game released at huge price tag. Yes it’s on gamepass. Perhaps that is the problem.   I normally enjoy games by this developer, dishonoured and prey were excellent.
"we missed the mark for our high quality bar for" yeah yeah yeah, i don't care. how in the world are they charging as much as $70 for this?  when live game experiences are over because they are unsustainable, this will be the one people remembers that pushed things over the edge.   this is the kind of thing people see and they're like, you like THIS as a hobby? No thanks, I'll watch my highly produced Netflix show, thanks.
Rip this game lol
if u level the mele damage you can just run up to the enemies and 2 punch them  to death   eliminates the need for stealth as  they dont alert after punching them once
Vindication for the IGN gameplay guy? Was not expecting this story arc
Rn a $70 price tag just confirms a pass for me.
Thank you for the great review. Now I am convinced to never buy an AAA game before on or release.
I'll play it anyway
Raphaël Colantonio was the director for Dishonored and Prey, but not Redfall. I understand not EVERYTHING falls onto the shoulders of the director, but it could have some strong impression on the vision and level of detail an Arkane game could have.
I mean we need terrible games like this to come out so that YouTubers get to do these fun reviews trashing them 😆
The quality of the game is often inversely related to how fun the reviews are.  This review was as damn hilarious as dry wit and sarcasm can get.
I have deep concerns that because of the eventual success of titles such as No Mans Sky and Cyberpunk after disastrous launches, studios are now starting to believe that launch quality doesn't matter anymore. Launches are quickly turning into funding rounds for AAA studios rather than actual finished product launches. Redfall doesn't have the hype or by the looks of it, the content to pull off a comeback like the aforementioned titles. It's nothing more than Left 4 Dead / Back 4 Blood with vampires. This should send a worrying signal for Starfield.
I've seen people defending this game. I do think it's a mental illness when people cap for a billion dollar company. How people can defend this? It doesn't compute
This is sad because I absolutely loved Deathloop
Tell us how you really feel...
Wow. Thanks for taking the bullet for us on this one.
The last AAA game with static cutscenes I remember was Hitman 2, and that was because the studio was going through some shit BTS. I won't be surprised if somewhere down the line we hear about a tumultuous dev cycle or something similar about this game.
15:50 ok but what about the assistant TO the regional boss? Was he also a (d)Wight ?😏
Bethesda quality is insane.
When you care more about making a "diverse" cast than making an actual game.
Redfall looks like one of those satirically generic videogames you see the people playing in movies. This game looks like it could be called Vampire Killers 6.
That segment of the car blowing up 😂  I got burned by Deathloop and won't be playing any future Arkane games. I read somewhere that Deathloop was a 'time filler' for Arkane to work on there next big project. This is absolutely hilarious that this is the next big project
Brought to you by WorkFromHome(tm) and useless project managers that are overpaid jira ticket writers. Software industry is a joke nowadays. Strap in boys. Lots of developers just working enough to earn a salary and not create a product.Ask any of the devs involved in Redfall, they'd tell you they've been doing 5 PRs a week and it's not their fault. Someone committed the dumb AI, it got peer-reviewed and accepted and then it was quality tested. Keep that in mind. Every single motherfucker on the chain moved a ticket from "ready for development" to "completed". They're all guilty. You can't blame Microsoft fully here. It's the industry. AAA is slowly but surely turning into a myth. I'm certain Microsoft has paid every cent asked by the studios, and this is what we got. I'd be fucking pissed. Layoffs are needed.
I played this game for 22 minutes on Series X and hated every minute of it.
Besthesda/Zenimax has had very poor management for a long time and this is showing once again. But it's also showing the state of an industry that is completely clueless, we've had more disapointments in the last years than we've had excitements. too many games are coming out, undercooked if not half fleshed out. Arkane should have made dishonored 3, maybe it doesn't do as much as what Bethesda wants in terms of sales, but it's a franchise with a dedicated fanbase who will definetly show up and it will have success on gamepass.
Microsoft needs to focus their energy on making better games instead of just acquiring publishers smh
So... Dredfall then?
Another busted AAA game? Can’t believe it.
Maybe focus on the studios you already own instead of wasting money on Call of Duty Phil ...
brutal! but thanks for saving me some money :)
the guy at 1:50, is that handsome jack from borderlands ! never thought ill see a yong version of him as a priest wearing a cross and + bonus tattoos :D thats badass
Called it. I knew this game would be garbo
No one can tell me this woke trash is made by the same people who made Prey and Dishonored. Looks like a small group of weirdos made this in their basement. Still can't believe they releasing such a shitshow.
22:54 or they could have make the bird tore down the throat of the enemy its attacking so they won't make noise
It's a gamepass game, stop complaining. I guess  Microsoft forgot to make a donation to your channel.
why did they so half ass the development of this game? it looked like it had potential. I thought Arkane studios was known for their good games? This feels really off and depressing.
Do you know what's funny? the Xbox community in the Philippines says that the release of Redfall is just okay because it's free on Game Pass, those who rant and give negative feedback about the game are just overreacting because it's not 60 fps on the console.  So that means it's okay for them to play an unpolished and broken game because it's free on Game pass. *What a bunch of clowns*
The pandemic will be the go to excuse for poorly made games even 20 years from now.
😂😂🤣🤣😆😆😄😄 man this is soooooo bad.
This is devil may cry 2 level game
Why can't they just make Prey 2 (or renamed it to whatever ) instead of this gabage. On top of everything it looks like a PS3 game with slightly better textures..  This is just Bethesda trying to be little EA. This is basically for Arcane what Anthem was for Bioware
This is my second viewing. Redfall may not be the cream of the crop , but this review certainly is. Masterfully written, Ralph.
I really enjoy this game and am about to start playing in a few minutes.   Talking to character's well you should not care about that because you are not supposed stand there in the base and just listen to character's talk.   1. Pick up the mission and get out back into the map 2. Animated cutscenes and films don't fit this style of game 3. Some of the shit you are listing is pet peeves for you
While Arkane rightfully deserves to be dragged through the coals on this one I can't help but think the following conversation took place.  Bethesda Executive: What are you working on? Arkane: Redfall Bethesda Executive: What stage of development are you up to? Arkane: Just finished the first Beta, lots of work left to do Bethesda Executive: Release it in 30 days Arkane: We need at lest 18 months before this is ready to release Bethesda Executive: Yeah well, we need to release a game this quarter and tell the shareholders that everything is fine, so release it.
I played Redfall for 3 hours and I found that if you change your sensitivity from 2.0 to 1.25 or 1.5 the gun aim mechanics are a lot better also the motion blur is strong and I needed to change to low. as I am not that far into the game I will wait to see what the AI and boss fights are like.  What I do like is the player abilities, the gun variety and special gun perks, the looting and the general mood of the game Arkcane was going for a dark  atmosphere and they achieved it.  I am not going to jump on the band wagon and say this game is terrible because I am enjoying it and I do not think their is anything fundamentally wrong with the game that can not be patched.
This game takes “DOA” to another level.. this game was dead on announcement. I wonder if MS be watching these videos.. they gotta be lol
Why are all the people so small vs the size of the furniture?
I've never stopped half way through a Skill up vid to go get a strong drink cuz bro this shit is depressing. No one even tried when making this game.  Edit; I'm not even back after making my drink for a minute and they somehow fucked up a fucking MENU?! BROOOO  Edit 2; PLEASE GOD NO! NO MORE CONENT DRIP FEEDS! Just make a fucking game and deal it out not this half baked rubbish
I can't for internet historian to dunk on this game too. Gotta think Bethesda publishing execs are shitting themselves rn.
The one problem with Arkane now is that they just don't give a F. They lost their soul with the acquisition.    The other thing is that they're part of Bethesda. People will need to buckle up for Starfield.  It won't be as bad as this because the RPG side will carry it somewhat but i really think Bethesda haven't really grown as a dev to match modern standards at all since Skyrim.
My friend highly recommended this game to me, we aren't friends anymore.
What the fuck happened in development of this game ??
Its really unfortunate how this game turned out. The overall concept was a really good one. A vampire hero shooter. It hasn't been done before and vampires are a really unexplored setting for games. Unfortunately we got this. This can't be patched. I don't even think Arkane announcing they are going to take the servers offline and redo everything would fix this. This unfortunately will just be a failed concept. That really hurts to see new ideas butchered. I have a feeling other devs will see this and get the idea that the concept is what killed this game. It's not. What killed this game was something that has been plaguing this industry for a while. games being released in a state (like this), and just expecting audiences to practically invest in an unfinished project. Then players hoping it will get finished in a few years after release. Video games aren't a get rich quick scheme and they aren't a investment. They are a beautiful form of entertainment meant to share ideas, emotions, and stories in a way never seen before. The fact that the industry has become nothing but a money generator is nothing short of a tragedy.
I think anything bethesda touches nowadays is trash.
Its fucking hysterical that you used the Arkhane "phone it in" template your your review of their game  LMAO I want "Elbow in the Ass" to become a meme like arrow to the knee
I think they spend too much on marketing instead the actual game. I can see billboards for this.
The comment about Arkane just needing to drop this and moving on is so sad because yes, they absolutely should do that but they won’t.
I reckon they did those half ass non cinematic cutscenes due to monetary limits and are trying to cash out as much as possible with the absurd pricing and hype
I find it funny and sad that these new games and releases make me appreciate ubisoft games... On a side note, I can't wait to see the complete and utter dumpster fire that Skull and Bones will be.
Gamers need to stop putting up with this BS time we sent them a message
I played for 2 hours and deleted it. 30fps was giving me motion sickness. Utter garbage. If starfield sucks my xbox is getting sold for a ps5.
This cannot be an AAA game made by a big-name company... it has to be a joke. This feels like a hobby/school project, where some people worked on features and mechanics until it barely LOOKED LIKE it's functioning and then moved on to jam in more half-arsed, minimum viable content. Everything single element in this game just feels like an extremely low effort try, for a studio of that prestige.
Lmao what a pisser
It seems as though if your game is associated with Bethesda, then it’s gonna be broken and suck.
No wonder Bethesda sold itself to Microsoft 😂
When skillup introduces every segment of the video with a passionless "I'd know like to show you..." 😂
how far arcane has fallen since dishornered :/ If you have seen how creative you can be with the combat in dishornered 2 like shown by StealthGamerBR, its really sad to see this
It will get patched 🤡
Duck Tapes & Chicken Wires that really me! Hahahahaha
10:33 Bruh, even GoldenEye N64 figured that out 20+ years ago, and this game couldn't figure that simple mechanic out?
Oh man was this funny Ralph!
Smaller than Cyberpunk 2077… Bigger fuck up than said previous game
Games with 500 notes to read are a big no, like if you want to write a book do it but it's another medium.
When a game review is better than the game 😂
So the questing is, what the heeell went wrong 😂😂
In reality, Microsoft's weak first party offerings just redefines their machine's purpose. At this point, Xbox Gamepass is the best thing they have going. It's a great deal, and is probably the main reason to choose it as a console, particularly if you can only afford the one console.  That being said if you have a decent computer you can also just get PC Gamepass, and then devote your console purchase to something with exclusives you want, and unless there's some sort of strange patent going on, Microsoft doesn't own the concept of a Gamepass so what's stopping other companies from providing their own. And that then would cause a pretty nasty struggle for exclusives for various gamepasses and we'll end up with issues similar to that of the streaming industry. So all in all, even that niche is unstable.
I'm afraid Starfield will be Fail of the Year and crown this series of unfinished desasters of video games. Maybe that's the new industry standard we've got to live with, Idk.
I'm planning on grabbing a PS5 next month because I have nothing to play on Xbox. If Starfield bombs, I'm probably selling the Series X if anyone would even buy it. XD
Did Arkane assign a team of interns to this game or something!?
First impressions are very important, I don't understand why game devs don't care about this. Yes, they might update their game along the way & make it worth it after 1 year, but it might be already too little & too late. Plus it costs $70 at the beginning and it's releasing in "Early Access", while Early access often cost $30 in Steam. And this $70 price tag after 1 years becomes like $40 if you get a discount. So ultimately people who wait a year will get a bugless more complete packet, while the ones who paid $70 got scammed. I don't see why that's fair and why they keep doing it.
The weapon switching control scheme is the same as Goldeneye for N64, which came out in........1997
Ralph put more effort into his titles than they did for all of Redfall 😭😂
Two Xbox exclusives this year is wrong…everyone ignoring Forza motorsport. Also we already got hi fi rush. But Forza motorsport is almost guaranteed to be a fantastic exclusive for Xbox.
never played destiny. You can hold the weapon change key and it will switch to the 3rd one automatically?
we gotta congratulate them for this adult theme easter eggs tho 13:15
worst game of the 2000's...
bethesda just sucks
So bummed about this game. Early stuff looked good, if a bit suspicious but I took the chance and pre ordered on Steam. Even with the knowledge it was coming to Game Pass I wanted to support the studio that had delivered so much fun in the past. I am so thankful for your honest review Ralph. So sorry to hear the frustration in your voice at times. We all deserved better than this. I’ve requested a refund on Steam without even installing it. After your coverage, ACG’S and Jake’s over at Gamerank I don’t even think I’ll come back to it on Game Pass down the line. Huge love from a fellow Aussie. Love everything you do mate, keep it up. Going to be fun when Starfield finally drops.
Arkane got fucked by the upper management
Triple A gaming at triple teard level.
Ariane games have always felt lackluster to me. I don't get how the keycards quests and constant backtracking and 0 variety in combat and enemies was ignored. Other than media manipulation and mass psychosis. Glad they finally got called out. Whoever is the producer at Bethesda that approves garbage like this and fo76 needs to start coming into work.
Looks like a poor man's Borderlands
How is anyone happy with this! 360 games were more in-depth! MS literally scammed people for cash this generation, yet people will defend it and play it, so nothing will change! I hope those same people won’t complain when the next game release is junk too
Being a reviewer is a tough job. Imagine playing this game for work. T_T
$120 AUD. No thanks
Everyone’s a critic me and my friends love this game lol
Redfall is directly the result of Microsoft buyout because majority of developers left after that.
Prey was a brilliant game that didn't sell. That opening with the helicopter ride was brilliant.  I'd suggest that hasn't played it yet, go buy that instead of wasting your time with Redfall.
If you played any Dishonored game you know just how tragic that part Skillup mentions about the key is. No opening on the roof and no way in through a window is baffling for arkane.
I listen this video very carefully. I pay attention to SkillUp words, the gameplay he pick and show in the video. I honesty cant believe Redfall was made like that. I cant see any value in it, or art or skills in the development. If someone he deserves to be fired in video game industry today - thats the Arcane studio head management.
Arcane went from my favorite studio to one of the worst, how is this even possible? I mean DEATHLOOP was a peace of sh*t and I thought "okay sh*t happens but now I think sh*t is the new standard at Arcane.
"Redfall"? More like "Dreadful", amirite?
At this point in time it’s clear that Microsoft simply doesn’t give a fuck about the quality of their games. I really hope they get their shit together. Maybe let their studios finish development on their games before they’re released..
The final boss is just press the interact button 3 times lmao
They didn't finish the game, but they added diversity into the game 😁
Y'know if they sold this game for $10, it might at least have gotten mixed reviews.
The premise and the setting is fucking ideal for arcane to have arcane-d the fuck out of, but NO we cant have that, everything has to be a mfing co-op shooter :))))
I've played the entire Dishonored series multiple times & I love Prey. I rage quit Deathloop coz it was a horrendous game. Arkane got away with that one because of their reputation.  This is Redfall 76. Microsoft & Bethesda need to seriously re-evaluate what they think a good AAA game is.
Fatality.
Another xbox gem
Seriously, just go play shadows of doubt. It's cheap and already plays like an immersive sim of the year.
$70 game everyone (applause)
You just KNOW there is gonna be a BTS doco on this game. Its such a clusterf*** of mis-management that there has to be some juice somewhere. As a XSX owner im getting pretty tired of this. The 360 era seems like such a distant memory. Get you shit together MS.
Red Fail
thought you were reading a eulogy judging by your tone of voice. they paid 8 billion for this right?
Arkane was great. Xbox bought them... The rest is history.
26:07 totally agree 🤣
i knew it's bad, but i didn't know just how much. it's so bad
Redfall looks like a fan made mod of an Unreal Tournament 4 Left 4 Dead clone.
Microsoft is the wealthiest company in the world, yet do nothing to prevent a bad game published. Great!! You have financial tolerance to shutdown the game and reboot what Arkane really good at and refused to do that. Capitalism!!
Jeeeesus i thought this game was meh but after watching half this video its not just meh its awful
Ghost Recon Breakpoint was always better than Redfall will ever be!
Ohh my... this is 'Anthem Bad'... Triple A my a**...
70 euros for this shit ?! i can believe this
You know a game is in a terrible state when it's on gamepass and you dont even want to download it and try it.
18:05 Star Wars troopers have better aim
Xbox caused me to get a ps4 last generation. As I play god of war I smile and am thankful lol
It’s really not that bad
Xbox is a disgrace these days
When you give an immersive sim studio "horseshit" as their next task.  Well done everybody. Applause for the management please.
Wow just contrast the contents of this review to the first time you hit the window with a wrench in PREY and you go "whaaaaa...?". Something really bad happened to Arcane for sure. Thanks for warning us SkillUp!👍🏻
None of these issues are even that bad what is so bad about the game
Xbox has literally no great exclusives and the amount of people leaving xbox for PlayStation or PC is very showing
Look like left 4 dead  Which was created in 2008
Common xbox L , xbox is done.😂
How do you go from Prey to this??
To be honest I am  surprised by people who expected this game to be good. Seriously? Just by watching the teaser trailer I could already tell that this game was just boring corporate trash. Also: why do people keep saying that Arkane Studios is one of the greatest studios? Dishonored was a good series (but not a masterpiece imo) but everything else they made ranges from ok to bad.
At this point, watching the reviews for this game and seeing what these frustrated reviewers have to say about the game is way more fun than the game itself..
That's 70$ saved, thank you! *It's not even worth pirating*
Microsoft doing what they do, buying everything and destroying it. They are a disease and don't care as long as they own everything.
maybe ai made this game?
I love how low effort you made the review for this joke of a game. It's still way more than it deserves.
It kinda looks like Generatio Zero WITHOUT ANYTHING (robots) in it
"Prey" is my favorite game of all time. Im heartbroken... How does this happen? Is this a prank?!!
Ea is so happy right now .
thank you, this saved me and my party lot of money. We were hyped but before release we started to be sus of Redfall and with release we were just sad about state of online coop games. Only good thing is that we still have Deep Rock Galactic to play, Rock and Stone my brothers.
I wonder if they got an AI to make this game and then shipped. Or maybe hired people who had never played a game before. It makes no sense this game.
Vampires would have taken over the world if it weren't for our secret weapon... CHAIR.
I downloaded this game ready to play on Friday when King Charlie gets his crown plunked on his head and I have the day off work but after watching this review, shall I just spend that day playing fallout, 76 and getting grief by level 600s instead?
So this is what a 7 Billion dollar first party exclusive looks like..  Phill Spencer be foaming at the mouth right now.
No one can be upset by this given the writing was on the wall for months in advance.
Thanks Shill Up! I cancelled my game pass subscription last month after not using it for a couple months because I was just playing Resi 4 and Hogwarts on my PS5 and Jedi Survivor was coming up (which I am also now playing on PS5). Now I know to keep my game pass cancelled after finishing Survivor. 👍
Now I'm afraid of what they'll do to starfield..
I enjoyed this way more than I should
"The last time arkane introduced you to a game,it looked like this" Proceeds to show prey.guess you also found deathloop quite forgettable
ive played about 5 hours of the game. there is some more immersive stuff you will find later (such as just as you said being able to jump on the roof and find other paths) my issue is one the gun play is bland, the ai is not intuitive at all, and all the weapon drops have the same 5 skills on them. maybe that would change after more game play but i doubt anyone will find out
Dude, way to take a boring game and turn it into a fucking hilarious and entertaining review. Absolute GOAT reviewer, massive respect!
Game needs pulled from shelves and stores
remember the times where we would wonder what kind of magical experiences games would be with more technology... Now we look to the past for semblance of creativity and passion. We yearned for good times that never came, a golden age.. how foolish of us to expect better products with more resources available when we should've looked upon the degrading capability of the human soul and their desire to make memorable art.
why the fuck ae these 2000's graphics on my screen
So glad I stopped pre ordering anything anymore
Ahh yes future of game pass games . Why bother when the profit is already there .
Don't have a system that can run it so I'm glad it's shit
This is gonna be good. Edit: It was.
Man I was so hyped for crossfire X, then this, just disappoint for 3 years
Maybe Redfall wanted to be a sophisticated walking sim.
that stealth kill animation almost killed me.
Was never interested or intending on getting this one, but I am subscribing based off your entertaining journalism work on this video!
Another Xbox exclusive tanks, lol. Playstation is killing xbox.
Ya xbox is screwed.
this might seem like an obscure reference but this game footage reminds me so much of 1997's Redneck Rampage, and i mean that in a really non-complimentary way
arkane keeps missing the ball =[. so sad, just make dishonored 3 or prey 2
This is the kind of game I'd expect from a new team of C grade developers, you know, like their first project to get their feet wet, but holy shit this is embarrassing that it's coming from a Triple A developer team that's made far more better games in the past. Hell, even now, newer indie developers could produce better games than whatever this poor excuse for a game this is. I'm really interested in the development history of this game, and why it turned out as badly as it did, when it doesn't seem to be doing ANYTHING of nuance or implementing any kind of complexity in it's overall design. This looks as basic as a Shooter can be at this point; it even somehow fails at that.   And am I the only one who's getting tired of this Destiny style menu UI shit they keep putting in games? Like, I really don't understand why developers find it so appealing, it was never appealing, it's clunky, and slow, and I'd rather just use my D Pad to snap quickly though menus and skim through items, than sluggishly move around them.
My God this game looks soooo boring! I have Gamepass and I'm not even going to bother 😑
You really can’t go 2 videos without comparing games to or praising Destiny like it’s the second coming of jesus now, can you? 😮  It’s starting to get old now…
Even the people who got this game for free want a refund.
Can't wait for that Stanfield review 😂
This game wouldnt be out of place in 2009, but its 2023 so its fucking shit what a waste of time for these devs
Well said.
"Our take on a far cry game" lmfao I had already downloaded this through game pass.  Thank you, skill up, for saving me the time I would've wasted even touching this hot garbage.
Instead of a new Dishonored sequel, we get this boring ass game.
I would do unspeakable things for Prey 2, but I hope this isn’t a sign of things to come
This game looks incredibly half baked.
Savage.  Deservedly so.  But savage nevertheless.
it´s just unbelievable. how much more money does MS need to put into their gaming BU to finally develop an "ok" title for their current "most powerful console"? Considering the quality of games and hardware, if xbox were an independent company, they wouldn't be around long ago...ridiculous
Game goes to Gamepass. = Its trash
That stealth kill animation had me in tears 😂
Makes saints row 2022 look good
jep 69 dollars for this shit
Sorry IGN guy, we didn't know.
Best review I’ve seen!
This game reminds me of generation zero but better and cost 20$, on sale it’s like 11$ recommend playing with friends
Really liked this review, the narrator/reviewer 100% carried the enjoyment of this review, because the game itself, well, doesn't look that good.
Whats the bet Arkane quickly put the game together just to please Bethesda and Microsoft?
Xbox will never bring a good exclusive will they... absolute waste of money buying those potato boxes.   There was rumors how Xbox exclusive Devs were being rushed and some teams hadn't a clue what was going on it this shows it. They need the cod deal to stay relevant since Sony and Nintendo have always smashed them in sales nearly every generation.  F**k ms and there weak A** poor exclusives system. Glad I've got a decent gaming pc to play some of these exclusives to see how bad they really are 😅
It's not that bad.
Sheesh from what I've seen and heard in this review, this definitely wasn't made for me. I wouldn't even play it if it was free. If you like this game then good for you though
I played it for 5 mins, not for me. And am selling my xbox
Need to be up at 8am for the gym. But, up at 2:40am stoned, eating pistachios, watching this beautiful masterful review. When he shot through the the window\glass and the car lit on fire… I lost it💀
Generation Zero is a much better game, this feels like a 1man job of trying to copy that game but change the mechs to vampyres. And Generation Zero costs 1/10th of the price.
I wonder if we're gonna see a mas exodus at Arkane soon
I basically hear AAA and run the other way.
This game is an absolute garbage... I'm happy I could test it before purchase....
Was this game supposed to look this bad? Like was it a stylistic choice for a sort of minimalistic graphics? Or does it just look terrible?
This game is fucking thrasssssshhhhh
If you have to aim by moving with wasd the game is fucked
IGN person redeemed. It was actually an actual Redfall gameplay. Actually. Wow.
Damn Ralph sorry you had to sit through this 😂. I will definitely not be wasting my time with this haha
Rarity based leveled loot with randomized stats is what you add when you have no intention of actually balancing your game.
It’s pretty embarrassing they deliver a better PlayStation exclusive and their owners Microsoft get basically a project they couldn’t be bothered with 😂
This review was pure GOLD MY GO 😂😂😂 I had a feeling game was going to be shit when it became a Xbox exclusive but probably wouldnt have made a difference
Gamepass curse.Only a pale tale Requiem was great but not exclusive.
it's just bethesda, they haven't made a good game for like 6+ years now. No clue what happened, they were at the top of game publishing from like 2012-2016ish, but since then all their studios have failed.   Microsoft just made a bad choice buying a publisher that has forgot how to make games. They bought rights to lots of beloved IPs and there was heaps of value in that, but bethesda already killed all reputation for all their IPs like fallout with 76, wolfenstein with youngblood, deathloop and now redfall for dishonoured. All these amazing franchises have been birthed and then killed by the hands of bethesdas horrible management.  And you know as a fact that starfield will suffer the same fate.
It’s a good looking indie game for 70 dollars lol
The ingame movie reel cutscene cracks me up the most. The stills cutscenes can be fine outside of the game, but inside the game itself they're massive immersion breakers and look completely out of place. They were that strapped for time and/or money to put into that stuff. 70 dollars lowest price point btw. This dogshit shouldn't even cost 30. Absolutely shameless.
Skillup put more effort into this video than any of the devs put into this game.
Sad because I knew this was going to happen. Disappointed cause I been looking forward to a game like this. Mad that all games have been sucking outside a few good handfuls that I have already played or already replayed. Damn man
Bruh this is hilarious
I have to say, my dude, your creativity in how you review video games is absolutely top notch. When you have interest and really enjoy something, it directly is reflected in the style of how your review or take goes. Kudos to Austin, as well, for understanding your ideas and concepts, and flowing things together with a mutual cohesion. And that being said, the transition cuts with generic font to intersplice your video from segment to segment is the perfect reflection of both your thoughts and the general experience with this game. I never have seen a review that both does such a great job at really nailing down the problems, and at the same time, demonstrates the seemingly bland generic attitude of the game that is actually being reviewed by mimicking it in presentation. Very meta, and impressive. Keep up the great work that you do. I've been in love with gaming and the growing industry since I was a kid, and people like you just continue to add to how awesome and meaningful community can be to help shape and contribute to the advancement of said industry, and how gaming can actually be a thought provoking, emotional, and challenging experience. Next time you are in LA, beers are on me, mate.
I really like this review presentation.. it’s a nice change to your usual style. You can definitely sense that anger lol. I can’t imagine how anyone even thought this game was going to be any good.
Suddenly, Diablo 4 looks like one of the best releases this year... lol
They need to stop taking these big sets to make these 4 player co op games it's a waste of time and talent
Finish the game and you will be blown away how useless is the final boss. 🤣✌🏼
Is there something wrong with the Xbox series X? Seriously wtf is going on?
At this point my only hope is that Redfall was underbaked because they had severely overbaked Starfield with most of their staff and effort.
This is the kind of game you get when your company is staffed by a majority of unskilled diversity hires. Expect more of this trash for a few years until the industry course corrects by canning all of these "developers"   Also, after this and Deathloop, its pretty clear to me rhat anyone skilled left the company after the release of Prey: Mooncrash
Seems like anything day one on gamepass is unfinished broken and just plain unfun. They had the balls to charge 70 bucks for this smh
Oh no. Redfall has damaged Ralph's ability to emote...
I play it for achievements only, lol. Even the achievement list is so afterthought, almost most of the achievement just activity for doing your first thing on Redfall.
Jedi Survivor and now this? What is going on in the gaming industry?? How is this the final product?
Congrats on number 5 on trending! Dead Island 2 is really good. Fun, zero bugs, funny dialog and awesome animations.
Maybe they’re doing the Sea of Thieves trick again?
Nero (Xbox) fiddles while Rome burns.
It’s the Ride To Hell Retribution of this gen
I knew this game was trash the day it was announced
*Vampire:* Stop me if you can! *SkillUp:* Oh, I'm not the one who's going to stop you. Chair, get him!
from the first time i saw trailer, I knew this gonna be shitty game wahahaha whole idea, childish graphics....and everything about this game is idiotic
Wow who would've geussed
Man, I laughed so hard...
Where is the real Arkane? Are they okay? Are they safe?
Finally, AAA games are regressing back to before people understood how to make em.  This is fantastic, some AAA studios may even finally fall.
"I lOvE tHe GaMe. I DoNt kNoW wHaT aRe yOu tAlKinG aBouT"  —The angry dummies in denial
RIP Arkane, you were good while you lasted. We'll just pretend you decided to retire as a company before 2020.
Skill Up, you have developed a talent to speak like Morty from Rick and Morty. I can't believe how you mimic Morty. It's pretty close. I love it.
Starfield will make or break it for me, if it’s boring and unfinished I’ll be selling for a ps5
I stopped when u showed hoe to explode a car......most have gasoline, or "petrol" all around them........ 2 shots was pushing it.......😊
11:08 "Theres no other style its just shoot the enemies or punch them" Me and other destiny 2 players: "hey thats our job"
Personally, i'm looking forward to Starfield.  Based on Bethesda's history, it's sure to be a blazing dumpster fire on day one and I eagerly anticipate watching it burn.
Is this really Arkane though? Or just an f tier dev team hired by M$ with access to Arcane assets? But hey I’m sure the workplace is just totes amazeballs and the staff are just perfectly diverse for that esg score!!
i'm only 12 minutes in, and i'm fecking loving the presentation style. Amazing job to balance the actual great info/content with a cutting satire-like format. Love it
I don't know what to feel as someone who hasn't even heard of Redfall prior to its blowup post-launch. Seems like living under a rock has its perks?
These are the types of games you get when you move to a game pass model
it's like theyre literally not even trying and that's so insane.
There isn't a single game with the suffix "fall" that is good. They're all bad. Every single one.
What's a catastrophe is your constant need to promote the greatest example of polished mediocrity, Destiny. Stop talking about it in your videos. Thanks.
Arkane Austin != Arkane Lyon.
What an L
Who is this game for?
Great job for making a funny review out of this hot piece of garbage!
It doesn’t even feel AAA to me
IF a game is so obviously UNFINISHED, WHY RELEASE IT??
Makes me feel so sad, hope that doesn’t hurt the arkane we love
It was very obvious even before release from gameplay videos. Trashy animations and gunplay. Most importmant things in this genre are dead means trash game and even story and gameplay will not save it.
My expectations for Redfall were that it would be an ok-at-best 6 to 7/10 experience with some neat things here and there. To see just how fucking AWFUL it actually is breaks my heart a little because Prey is an all-time favorite of mine...how Arkane have fallen.
i love this awesome game 10/10
So I'm better off just playing deep rock galactic
Thus reminds me of Generation Zero..just garbage
Welp...Guess it's time to buy a Switch 🤷
Same studio that made Prey and its DLC made this. This is like seeing Platinium studio went from Metal Gear Revengence to Babylonfall, just heart breaking.
And then there's the fact that they couldn't get this (which looks like a last gen launch title) running 60fps on Series X at launch. Since it's compared to Far Cry: Far Cry 6 is nearly 2 years old and a cross gen game, looks miles better and runs at 60fps on current gen. This might be the most disappointing video game of all time. At least Cyberpunk had some positives when it launched and potential for recovery. I just don't see Arkane being able to salvage Redfall.
27:20 this is such an amazing point you made and actually makes me very worried for starfield. People thought microsoft purchasing bethesda would ensure higher quality releases, this game proves that this is not the case
Just wait till the Microsoft cheque clears, and this guy will release a new video "i was wrong  about redfall "
if you told me Arcane made this game in a week for a gamejam I'd believe  you.
Oh my God... Prey 2 and Dishonored 3 pitch were declined... for this? I'm so sad.
You all have to play Deus Ex Mankind Divided.
Just make Prey 2
Fantastic and entertaining review good work here!
We need people to start releasing fully functional games.
Hands down worst game of the year
Color me surprised...lol...
Is this game ass in literally every single possible way? lol
I'm not angry. I'm just disappointed.
Killzone shadow fall gun is jamming laughing at this P...,.O.....S
this should have been a 25$ little sideproject 4P coop from Arkane and it would have been ''ok''   but 70$ ?!!  omg
Had this game came out on the last gen (which it feels like it was designed for) then MAYBE it would’ve had a chance.
I knew this one was coming Seems more like an Indie Game.
Woke bs
I have watched many redfall reviews so far but none swayed me to not give this is game a go like this review.  Good job mate. Subscribed
Oh, a negative review. I guess they didn't pay you.
i really dont think like an actual human team worked on this game. Like this game feels AI generated
3:30 That lathe is really odd. The workpiece would be spinning at head height on an unguarded machine.
Leave exclusives to playstation
So a sniper character with a bird companion. Totally not copied from Borderlands, right?
this game genuinely feels like a parody that someone made to make fun of the classic modern-AAA game formula, i swear dude
Gee, its almost like that character promo describing her as someone with crippling student debt was an indicator of lazy gameplay design and storytelling...
imagine being the company responsible for making some of the most amazing verticality-based gameplay (Dishonored series) and then dropping this hot turd and thinking its good enough.  once you set the bar high, you need to keep swinging high. CDPR didnt get that memo when cyberflop dropped, and now Arkane.
I trust skill ups opinions, when he showed the 1st regional boss I was shocked, then he showed 2 more like I didn’t believe him and all I can say is…..wow, 2023 gaming smfh
i feel like this game is the first thing microsoft ask them to make with a limited timeframe and no help budgetwise and arkane shit out this game. no cinematics in a $70 "AAA" game is fucking crazy
Xbox just continues to give me reasons to regret purchasing the series x
this is just sad, this game could have used alot more time in the oven.
At this point calling something a triple A game is a slur. We shouldn’t be surprised: big name brand studios hiring inexperienced developers for cheap, overworking and underpaying them for profit results in passionless games like this. Can’t wait for crowbcat to demolish this game also.
since this game was first revealed, I thought that Arkane "didn´t wanted" to make this game that somehow they were "forced" to make this game
Lmfao so sad. And then they expect us to shill out $70 for 30 fps on console. What a joke
We are very Sorry IGN person! 😞 😔    Sign this sorry card with a like
Another example of how mainstream media has been tainted by greed. Fuck making a quality product, just produce shit from a previously notable studio and focus the budget on marketing.
Chicken wire is actually fairly sturdy
input response setting IS the deadzone you need to set it to low. i then put my sens at 5.75 or 6 i forget. shooting felt pretty fun at times it is very serviceable. this game is my biggest disappointment in 2023. ill play it on my pc on gamepass tho. there is supposed to be music in the firehouse
First reviewer ive seen to finally admit the game is unsalvageable. Completely broken from the ground up.
Ralph, I watched this review 6 times , Don’t ask me why😂😂
The whole shooting experience is basically “Hunt: Showdown’s Hellhounds, but it’s half the enemies, and you’re forced to use the shitty console port with unchangeable awful deadzones.”
This seems extremely reminiscent of Dishonoured's art and story telling style.
I can’t believe I was going to pause my Jedi Survivor game to play through this nonsense. Microsoft is really disappointing me this generation.
Isn't this EXACTLY what happened to Bioware when they were tasked with making a cash grab live service looter shooter and we got ANTHEM ? God that game had so much potential, but turned out complete garbage.
I'm really enjoying Redfall.
10:59 LMFAOOOOOO
Who else has been with skill up since the division 1 early days? Long time subscribers crazy how he almost has 1 million subs now.
Anyone remember how Prey released?.... Yeah, basically its Prey ALL OVER AGAIN....
6:57 finally someone mentions the omnipresent gays
2005 GOY
What game was that he showed to compare the intros?
thanks for making this video, you managed to cover my biggest complaints as well. it's insane how useless stealth is in this game, for example. i hope whoever is in charge of this game watches this.
This game is not good, I can’t stop playing it tho…
"at least the moon ain't ruined yet" yes, and neither that chair
Is there no vampire folklore aside from the bayonet stakes? No garlic, holy water, crosses...?
Maybe release this rubbish and it makes starfield look better lol - but difference devs so I like to think starfield will still be fun...
I’ll grab the game when it’s like 6 dollars on steam
I legit downloaded tried playing it, forgot that I was supposed to be playing it then deleted it
Honestly, I don't even allow myself to get excited for games anymore.
Well It’s obvious, all the resources went into that broken pick up truck with the oil leak. Think I saw more of those than enemies. 😂
PLayed 1h never will again, worst controller feel ever. It have scavenging aspect that are only fun if you have to fight tokkep the loot with other players in a pve experience, feel extremely boring.
Who else has been waiting for the great man to unleash on this game?
Hot Take: Anthem is underrated.
The Steve Zissou quality of the  script reading is both acknowledged and appreciated. They made Ralph dread talking about loot. I didn't know that was even possible. The man started out as a friggen Division fan.
This should be considered an intervention for Arkane.   ShillUp loves Arkane so he is the perfect person to try and get them back on track.
Actually the last game arkane made introduced was deathloop nor prey, arkane been on the downward projection for a while now. Sad times
unexpected slight shift in style for this review, but incredibly entertaining! good job ralph
Oh god I’m so tired of the green, blue, purple, gold rarity levels in games
At this point i don't know what AAA means anymore.
Pains me to say but this is why Microsoft is so desperate to aquire Activision. The Bethesda purchase is not playing out well and the developers have put out low effort offerings compared to the competition.
Yes the story is shit then again its a game about vampires what the f..k did you expect...   i actually liked this game a little bit,  but it is very very very repentativt..
Somehow worse than Gotham Knights and Jedi Survivor lol
You might want to blame Microsoft for that. They bought Bethesda and with it Arcane. Just look at the mess Halo released, its seriously a joke now that you probs can expect Xbox exclusive games will be trash tier. Now compare that to Sony and they actually release exclusive games that make you want to get a PS5.
“Walking backwards and to the left slightly” you’ve learned how to play Tekken.
I am so stressed out right now watching this
I feel bad now for that ign player lol
Those watcher vampires are like shitty security cameras 😂
I will not apologize to any IGN "person" until they apologize for being IGN
The best Redfall video on YouTube. No debate
that will be SEVENTY bucks please.  fuck AAA devs
This game had to be a front for money laundering. This game plays like a Steven Segal movie
This costs 120 AUD. Actual scam.
... Guys, I think this game might suck..
you can just press 1,2,3 for weapon switch braindead
Microsoft studios is a pathetic waste of money. I don't understand how you can be so well funded and so terrible. (I have been on xbox exclusively since 2011, I have been let down too many times to count.)
fun fact, at 19:20 is the weird menu noise, and this was actually morse code for, "Morbin" which is a reference to the a character from the film of best all, Dr. Michael Morbius, in the vampire movie morbius, when he morbs.
Wow, this game looks like it took the devs about a month to make and they knew it was bad but still sent it out. This is a long way to fall from Prey or the Dishonored franchise, the latter being a favorite on line with Witcher. I'm shocked. This review though, holy crap, I was entertained for sure. Thank you, Ralph, you're brilliant.
I predict Starfield will be even worse.
Wreck-It-Ralph was unleashed
Jesus Christ, Arkane is getting absolutely torn a new one out here.
4:00 looks like a commercial from an insurance company trying to show you the dangers of having a crack in the windshield
This is pretty heartbreaking seeing as arkane is one of my favourite studios. Perhaps the xbox bethesda acquisition is at fault, we don't know
I think Arkane put bunch of politicians in charge. We were promised something we didn't get after voting with a wallet.
We need to stop purchasing games as soon as they come out.  I get that we all have our fanboy games that we simp for; but there are far too many corporate overlords ruining our industry!  They insult us and our money by trying to pass this shit as anything than a suuped up flash game... actually know.. some flash games were better than this shit.
What happened?! Well I wasn’t ganna buy it anyways because of gamepass  but now I won’t even waste any of my time. This game looks absolutely awful. Thanks for saving me the time Skill Up!
You talked about the game longer than I could play it.
silly guys with game lunch boxes  heheh controllers and what not hoho stick to pc gaming bois we should have done that all the way so they dont come up with ported versions of games with crappy graphics. ive played it a couple of hours first thing i noticed was the childish cartoon like graphics. Its not appealing its not funny. sigh. how can i develop empathy with these carachters look like they coming from duke nukem graphics. eh sry duke nukem you way better then this.
Pg 13 woke girl power is what Xbox is about. Deadfall is a joke Xbox is the bud light of games. Cancel your game pass for the love of God. Or Xbox will always make mediocre games. Buy your games 20.00 on sale, if you can't afford it then you shouldn't be gaming. I have 300 plus Xbox games all paid for, I have never had gametrash subscription. As a 22 year Xbox owner Xbox sucks since 2015
The epitome of overreaction.
Surely it was just unfished when released, right? surely?? I mean, a AAA studio responsible for Prey and its overall studio responsible for Dishonored and Deathloop, they could not just fuck up like this.
ah yep arkane a developer notorious for their many cutscenes in all their games
I’m sad at how hard the “whether we wanted it or not-“ made me laugh
Comparing any Far Cry game to this hot mess is just wrong. Even Far Cry: Instincts Predator for the Nintendo Wii plays and looks better than this. Redfall is a complete bastardisation of an already bastardised open-world formula.
There is no way the anybody that worked on Prey worked on this. how do you go downhill so hard after that game.
Can't wait to play this game. Going to buy it next week
can't believe I burst out laughing when he killed the regional bosses
So this are the consequences of making games for gamepass, I'm hoping starfield is a good game if not what little hope I have in Xbox will be gone.
I love the town of redfall. It looks so nice...   i was confused at first,  because ut initially felt bland,  but after exploring,  i gotta say,  it's beautiful..... gameplay is kinda shit.
Its funny. Been seeing all these videos talking about how bad the game is, but Im not really having any issues performance wise besides a funny bug or two and Im actually having a good time. Running around killing vampires is  pretty fun. Granted, a big factor for me is I go it through gamepass, , but hey im having a good time playing solo
This feels like it was some guys first game that he made in his basement. Absolutely unbelievable, yet how many people threw $70 at it on the day of release?
Great review.
Wow, and the big companies were supposed to lead us into a brighter future. Yay.
Damn, I feel like arcane is just on a steady decline now. What happened? We need some investigate journalists on the case
when you said "Why should I bother to finish a game that the developers didn't bother to" that hit me like a truck. Such a depressing yet true statement for a lot of game that have come out recently
I was kinda excited for Redfall, all up to the actual gameplay shown by early reviewers. Then it died instantly. Holy hell was a disappointment.
The problem is that Arkane is now led by incompetent woke activists who priorities their activism over fun video game. How is it acceptable that a company that once made Dishonoured (2012) can release a piss poor garbage like this in 2023? They lost all their talented people, that's how.
Getting a light bulb is a main story mission 💀🤣
GOD, when you really GO IN ON A GAME similar to how you did with Fallout 76, it is GLORIOUS.
Thank you now i know how to protect myself against vampires CHAIR
When it's a complete failure yet all devs do is complain on social media about all the blood sweat and tears put into it then that's a surefire redflag. For one they are unable to take any responsibility for failures and two if this is the result of blood sweat and tears then God help you in this industry.
WTH…. I swear I’m never buying another AAA game day 1. Ever. Luckily this game never appealed to me anyway, but it’s becoming clear there’s no studio immune from this shit.  Except MAYBE From.
I clicked the like button after the words "which I like to call... CHAIR." Jolly good video (of a jolly bad game, apparently). Thanks for the warning!
Does the guy who made this video do anything other than narrate his life?
When you said the story was threadbare I actually thought "Sounds like Destiny" then chuckled when you mentioned Destiny.
Yet another good single player studio sacrificed to the shit multiplayer live service gods. Rocksteady is next.
so you mean chair tactic doesn't work with rokk,,,,,,.,.... WTF😂😂
lol... 'chair'
They just couldn't stop at the game, and decided to break shillup, too.
Makes GodFall, Gotham Knights and Marvel's Avengers look like GOTY killers. Rough being a die hard XBOX fan... upper management must have mandated this get fast tracked.
Why are people still buying games on pre-sale or at launch? Why haven't they learned to wait at least a few weeks, maybe a couple months?
Couldn't have said it better myself
remember $70
Give Honkai Star Rail a try. it's really well written and it's free.
15 hours in I cant get enough I just don't see what the issues people are having
I was really hoping for this to be a good game. The idea sounded interesting, and I liked the vampire theme. Oh well.
It's a sad, black pill, but the studios we loved don't exist anymore.  They are piloted around by people not hired for their quality of work. They are directed by people who do not have the best interest of the art they are tasked with creating in mind.  The team behind Left 4 Dead did not make Back4Blood. There will never be another Fallout made by Obsidian, because the Obsidian that made Fallout 4 no longer exists.  How many more possessed husks need to shamble up and bite us, like 343 Industries did, before we slaughter all our sacred cows every couple of years?
I blame cyberpunk for this and people who've accepted cyberpunk after the patches, people should have raised voice then, because now every developers is same, they release every game unpolished and later fixing them with patches because they think people would just accept it, stop pre ordering games already guys, it's our money if they want us to buy their games just give us a game worthy of that price, we are ready to pay but give some playable video game and take your F****** time before releasing -_-
Gonna call my boss tomorrow and say “sorry I can’t come into work today, I’m stuck on some geometry and can’t leave the house”
If you told me this was an old game on the Xbox 360, I would believe you
I agree, the mechanics are bad, but whats up with gamers nowadays? You here are bitching about "oh this game doesnt have animated cutscenes so this game is shit". That shit is so obnoxious. I found gameplay mech and repetitive missions some of your fairer criticisms and yet i feel youre the type of guy who would have sung praises about arkham city & knight when they do the exact same thing.
I can't believe this crap is AU$120.
Wait wait wait, you didn’t encounter the named vamp in the cinema either time? She appeared for us in the popcorn maker repair kit mission
I’m better gamer than anybody
Wow, that was one of the funniest reviews I've seen. Thank god for Game Pass right? I'm not even sure I'll waste my storage space or my gaming time trying it out.  Ralph that was amazing,  made my day and put a smile on my face.. a shame the game sucked but.
At least that strike dialog has become a meme, unlike anything in this game so it seems
Those stealth kills are hilarious
At first, I was bummed out that it was an xbox exclusive because I wouldn't be able to play it on my ps5 but now, I'm thankful because I would've wasted my money and time on it if it was on ps5.
The lack of enemies and regular placement of quadbikes makes me think we were meant to ride from one end of the map to the other, rather than run everywhere?
I've been thinking about how I can condense this down so its not too long a read. First off, this looks like it plays more like a Bethesda game than an Arkane game. This also looks like a sign, that ZeniMax Media, or whoever manages these studios under Microsoft, isn't afraid to keep to the ancient ways when it comes to game design, basically, this bodes horribly for Starfield. Also, Microsoft needs to clean out at the very top, wipe everyone out, Phil Spence, all those folks up there, because this is horrible, folks who bought an xbox are getting shafted hard. The fact that your main selling point is that you offer a subscription package, that offers classics that most of us already own, is a really weak selling point when you're acquiring so many studios. Lastly, screw ups like this are going to force Microsoft to abandon the hands off approach, which is going to be even worse.  I am proud to say that I called this game back when they first announced it, although I will be honest, I wish they would have proved me wrong.
24:40 Game quality aside, Disproportionate Response is a crazy good name for a Legendary drum mag shotgun.
18:00 Okay, you got me, I loled.
You put more effort into this review than the developers did into this game. Well done.
Can we just take a moment and appreciate how pristine this review is ?! SkillUp is on a next level . Excellent review . Informative , fun , genuine. Thank you for you’re hard work guys
That stealth kill animation at 10:59 is absolute comedy. Just a whack in the butt and immediately prat falling to the ground.
This game looks like the physical embodiment of Arkane just giving up.
This was a proper review! xD Too funny, and the way you made your points was a riot.
I hope the arkane devs got their families returned to them after being forced to make this by some boomer and his buddies on a yacht.
As an Australian, for $120 this game is most assuredly NOT WORTH IT.
what's important to note is this is a splinter team of the regular arkane studios. it's not the same dev team that made the dishonored games, prey, and wolfenstein etc. i think what happened here is they were massively in over their heads making a game like this, and they weren't allowed to delay it any further and were forced to release it in the state it was in so they could recoup some of the costs. modern gaming in a nutshell.
So sad…PlayStation-Switch combo is still the best! Sorry Xbox, I guess we’ll try again later this year.
It's got a very "Salem's Lot" vibe to the whole deal, so, I'm definitely gonna be putting some time in after I finish Survivor. Especially since it's day 1 gamepass. Go in with low expectations, and generally you can find some fun
If you have fun playing this game, then you just have bad taste
I'm still more confused that I'm apparently the only gamer that thought Arkane was dramatically overrated. Not that they're bad - just that they're like a solid 7/8 studio. Not mastercraft game makers.
easy fix....don't use a controller  Really though....this game is just another in a long list of unfinished trash. Its literally a copy/pasted code from deathloop and its still no where near complete. Bethesda use to publish such great games like new vegas, but now its just a lifeless, useless shell  also...don't really understand the 392 dislikes, its all truth
Dude the start of the review, he sounded like he was super damn just done with this shit.
29:26  Yeah ok quick question though. What in the blue fuck does a Bethesda Games Studios developed title have to do with Redfall? Do you just say things because they sound nice in your head?
Arkane is so much better than this
Quick question, after hearing you talk about loot, what do you think about Dyling Light 1's looting system?
I get vindictive pleasure seeing this because of the Microsoft buy out/ Bethesda sellout.
I Don't think I speak for myself when I say this whole review is a direct reflection of the games industry as a whole today. Lifeless yet money hungry as the overused zombie genre that plagues our wallets today.  Despite the few Sony/playstation exclusives in today's day & age. Gaming feels loveless, effortless, copy/paste design theory making everything feel bland or as a games as a service. If this lazy trend continues, unfortunately consumers will lose faith in the industry as a whole & move onto something else. Maybe indy games or solo development (possibly unreal 5 or any other easy development tools) will be the future. Who knows, but all I know is people like myself are done with low effort thinking, conversations, people, products & politics regardless of feelings or personal beliefs.
"What if borderlands 1 was worse?"
did they scrap the game halfway into development or something? the concept seemed so perfectly suited for an arkane game in the vein of prey and dishonored. deathloop was definitely a misstep but was still interesting and varied in design at least. how does the same studio make this and release it ?
Games are made for "Journalists" not for gamers.
4:08  Literally worse than Fallout 3
I haven’t played this game but I kinda like the idea of the map feeling like an empty movie set.
Feels like they either outsourced or had some interns build most of this game. Then used the Arcane name for clout.
i still thinks that its better than cyberpunk on launch
I agree with this one
Hey xbox has Hi-fi rush
Currently playing the game on gamepass atm, and really confused by all the low review scores.  I mean, it's nothing special and wont win any GOTY awards, but so far I'm actually enjoying this game more than Deathloop, which I found painfully boring.
This’s probably the most scathing review SkillUp has ever given, which just goes to show how hard Arkane and Microsoft dropped the ball with this game. I don’t even own an Xbox, so it wasn’t like I was looking forward to it or anything, but I certainly feel bad for anyone who was.
company is mix bag, Dishonored 1 was good, 2 sucked, Prey was good, but Deathloop was trash, now this, so they had more poor games then good when you think about it
Gaming journalism at its finest.
17:52 "Stop me in you can." said the chair.
I think Xbox simply won't be around much longer if Microsoft doesn't get their shit together. No more vague trailers for games that get stuck in development hell and never come out. No more blatantly unfinished games when something does come out. No more piss poor management that leads to crap like this or the cancelation of Scalebound. Microsoft doesn't have the benefit of just being a niche B list publisher like other publishers we expect crap like this from. They are one of the four pillars of the game industry. They have to be better. I don't think anyone but console war fan boys have any patience left for them.
The writing was on the wall for this one from the minute they made the first trailer all about the Diversity Inclusion Equity agenda 😂😂
Why is it so impossibly hard for modern AAA games to not suck and feel like they were made with AN INDIE GAME BUDGET?
Starfield will be next.....and would've been COD if they gotten their hands on it. Kingthrash gets bashed for saying the same thing....ppl are funny like that I guess
Can't wait for Jason Schrier to make an expose on Redfall
Having a same problem in a dead catch records misson. lmao  Thank u mention it in this review.
sorry ign person
Real shocker
Looks like we got a sneak peak of The day before 🤣
Why is the lack of cutscenes such a big deal? When games have cutscenes, you complain, when they don't, you complain. Seriously.
Dude how is it that Arkane put out a game that seems to go directly against all of its design philosophies in Dishonored and Prey?
Microsoft is just embarrassing themselves lately.
This might be the most I’ve laughed at a review ever.
This review was genuinely more entertaining than actual Redfall gameplay.
did you guys think it was going to not be terrible, really? this thing had "it'll be hyped up and then come out with horrible reviews and die months after it's release" written all over it just like B4B. How many times are you guys going to fall for this?
Chair technique is brilliant.
This seems like a game that would fit right in the 2000s.
I genuinely cannot fathom how a quality developer like Arkane allowed a disaster like this to be released. I need a feature length documentary to understand wtf happened here.
Ok real talk, Arkane Games had never had animated cutscenes. They were all ingame interactions or those still renders like Dishonored or Prey
REDFALL is not a game it is a warning, red comes from red flag and fall is the fall of Arkane
And people still feel confident that Starfield’s gonna pop when it debuts?  Bethesda hasn’t made a decent game in years - I’m not holding out a lotta hope.
if you want a good vampire game play Vampyr
Man that was a scathing review that would make even one of Joe's angry reviews proud
wow just wow. I was hopeful this would be a great co-op experience. Will not be playing
Looked like arkane just dont wanna make this game
It's seems like someone pocketed their budget money
I was so waiting for you to tear this to shreds. Arkane devs sweating bullets waiting for this video
Man I really wanted redfall to be a W
this studio made my favorite games of all time, what the actual fuck is going on??
This game sucked the LIFE out of Skill. 0 enthusiasm during the vid. It's ok bro, I still thumbs up. Thanks for taking the hit for us!
Absolutely brutal and honest review. The full price for this game is beyond a joke.
Gamepass is starting to look like an unnecessary expense. Is there any reason I should keep it in the next year?
That’s it sony has won again
I thought game pass and halo infinite was Microsoft going back on the offensive. Seems like they have given up making good games instead.
their most recent games are young blood and death loop and people still support them, even gave death loop 10/10, masterpiece etc... Don't be surprise if they think : "wow, why try harder when mediocrity is enough"
The development staff should have kept up with their boosters.
When ShillUp becomes SkillUp, he can be brutal lol.
They can apologise with a free 60fps update to Prey for PlayStation. Thank you.
Love to see  this on trending. Love all your content Skill Up!
To be fair to Redfall, which I don't want to be, some great games like Hit Man 3 and Yakuza 0 have the non-animated cutscenes that really work well.
The AI is really dumb. The gunplay is atrocious. The slow down in aim sensitivity and addition of weapon sway makes hitting things frustrating and you really do miss enemies that should have been easy headshot kills because of it. Even with a mouse it sucks. The vampire enemies quite often teleport through walls and floors and then because they've lost sight of you, immediately de-agro.
I'm kinda surprised Skillup and other people expected this to be good (BUT I can understand if they were hopeful for a high level studio). His Deathloop review had some huge tells in it regarding the state of the studio, but I wonder if Deathloop's nomination for game of the year kinda blinded people to the major flaws in it as Skillup said are now evident in this game. I mean, I didn't know anything about this game or that Arkane was making it, but I saw 5-sec video ads on YouTube and was like, "This game looks really bad. It's probably going to tank."   I'm curious what kind of discussion it's going to open up about the state of video games and what's acceptable to release for a high price tag.
you are a video game saint
Damn, so Arkane really is just a shell of its former self
So you’re saying this vampire game… really sucks…
I think you make a point in the end that needs elaboration. The marketing was good, which should be the case only if the product is as good. If not the backlash and trust lost vastly outweighs any benefits. Sadly many people pre order and this pre order system is what companies bet on if their product is bad. I stopped pre ordering two years ago personally. I have saved a heap of money and avoided many purchase mistakes.
The mobile game ad I watched during this review looked better than RedFall does 😂
How the hell did they release this mess? It's one of the most unfinished games I've ever seen. It honestly looks like a project that should have been scrapped.  Also my guess is the majority of the people that worked on Dishonored and Prey left the company long ago, I already thought Deathloop was a mediocre game that didn't live up to Arkane's standards, obviously nowhere near as bad as this though but still.
Easiest generation for xbox to win, how did they loose again?
Utterly baffling. Borderlands is 15 years old, Dishonored is 12 years old. How the hell did we get this?
Im sorry IGN... 7/10
This looks like a game they made 10 years ago and decided to release now for some reason
If we could tag Microsoft...
Redall is a classic example on why not to lie on your resume.
Oh lol. How do you fuck up like that? THE STEALTH CHARACTER HAS UPGRADES THAT MAKE HIM LESS STEALTHY
why would anybody READ notes for story in a fps lmao
I thought Xbox would be much better on the Series X gen with gamepass and buying Bethesda to tackle their first party titles. It was a brilliant move to compete against Sony. But I can't believe even after buying a reputable studio they fail to have a major AAA success so far. Halo Infinite should've been the best Halo ever and it got into so much drama and problems. Now Redfall being more than a 30fps drama and completely broken. MS are amazing on implementing services but they are so bad at managing their first party exclusives. I guess each platforms have their strength and Microsoft is pretty much just gamepass for now
Hard disagree on Microsoft stepping in and cancelling this travesty. Gotta remember that most executives are not gamers, but shareholder fellaters. Should they decide to no longer be hands-off, some suit is gonna shove MTX p2w nonsense into every game, not to mention turn everything into a live service. That would guarantee every upcoming game is trash.  Not sure what Arkane was huffing when this game was made, but at least it’s entirely on them. If it’s on the big brother, then they will have no choice but to only output garbo, and then when they’ve been forced to pump out enough garbo then someone will decide the studio is bleeding more money than making, and shut them down. And I really don’t want any studio to be shut down because the publisher forced them to underperform.
So many people shit on Wolfenstein: Youngblood but that game is leagues better than this! Crazy…
Modern Gaming 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
My reading here is that Microsoft solely rely on Xbox Game Pass to backup mediocrity at some of its games. Also, they had experience on games releasing in a terrible state only to be good like years later (State of Decay, Sea of Thieves). I also remember that they had a policy of not interfiering with the creative process. That said, this should not be the norm for every game. At the other hand. Microsoft doesn't even need to have a console killer. I've been playing more newer games than before only thanks to Xbox Game Pass. A Plague Tale Requiem, Signalis, Hi Fi Rush, Age of Empires 4, forza Horizon 5, Vampire Survivors, and so on.  Even these 30 minute review are kinda pointless if you simply download the game and try it out by yourself (except for the fact that Arkane should backtrack and release a decent game like before)
This one hurts. Arkane are one of my favourite devs, hoping this isnt the beginning of the end for them.
Very disappointing.
Is just another indie that was sold with a Triple A trailer
I can't imagine the logic behind developing rendered cutscenes for a trailer, but not using them in game.
Okay that”I refuse to finish this game. If a developer can’t finish this game. Why should I?” Got a real good chuckle out of me and is so true.
This  makes far cry 6 look like a good game
Seriously, what the fuck happened here?
soooooo? Another W for Microsoft Exclusives??
My one burning question is "can you turn of the #$%&%$ bleeding numbers from hits"  like you can in Cyberpunk?  No? I pass even if this was a great game otherwise.
Can’t tell if this is a review or a comedy horror show. 😂
We need an "Arkane tries to save Redfall" Bingo.
the beginning of this video is great i didnt think i would be this bad.
Algorithms
that stealth kill animation so bad.. and this from the developer that made Dishonored that has lot of stealth kill... what happen to them???
They gave this games special edition to me for free for buying a 4080 omg lmaooooo
"your progress is cock blocked" . I died right there 🤣💀.      (Edit) new death, "if a Dev can't be bothered to finish their game why  should I " 🤣💀
Well, the human enemy was a 'MISS' Whisper Cultist. It's right there in the name.
if you want something similar feeling in the co-op rpg style, Generation Zero is a game you may want to look up.
I can't fucking believe that the IGN footage wasn't actually a case of "journalist skill" but the game actually conspiring against the player.
I was checked out of this game after the Xbox games showcase last year. It looked aweful
Yeah, they can save it but it's just not worth it especially since the team working on this is probably super tired with this project and just want to be done with it and move on. If you ask me, they should just move and on not deal with the amount of headaches fixing this will most likely have.
Nintendo released two LoZ, Sony two GoW and two Horizon and Xbox can't get their head out of their ass and actually make a good video game
That was even insulting to just watch let alone play.
This is just depressing man, I loved so many of Arkane's earlier games and was hoping this would be good
I'll wait for it to be in the bargain bin. Do they even have those anymore?
Don't think i've seen a more scathing review than this one lol god damn.
what a nice beta for The Day Before. with anthem trailer marketing scam. I bet u what it should not cost as much as forspoken  or sucide squad right?
I'll be completely honest, I'm not holding my breath for Starfield. Whether or not it's a complete disaster for Bethesda will depend on if it's only mediocre or truly bad. But between this and things the developers themselves have said, I do not think it's going to be as good as it needs to be. Really sad to watch as a long time fan of both Arcane and Bethesda.
Steelseries best on the market lmao ok
That's it buying a ps5 now..
I just watched some foul on here complaining that people are review bombing, could he be more of a cliche to why the industry is like this???
I really REALLY need a "Behind the Fall: What went wrong with Redfall" Doco on this. Like, reusing assets makes some sense, but those Trucks are just fully Copy/Pasted. What went wrong with this game, it sure as hell doesn't look like 2 years (plus) of development (announced in 2021, so at least 2 years). At this point, the next Elder Scrolls will look like Morrowind.  the style of this game and subject look great, sad about everything else.
Think god for game pass. The best feature of this game is how well it uninstalled
I try to watch a review, but you just has a personal vendetta with this game I watch it somewhere else
I'm starting to see a trend here with garbagepass games. Oops I mean gamepass. But yeah, if it's an interesting, fun, well planned out game, you have to buy it full price. If it's an unfinished, broken, poorly thought out, unplaytested game, then it's straight to gamepass. Everyone ought to cancel their subscriptions at this point until they start releasing quality games. Don't get lulled into thinking that at least these games are "free". Look up the price of a month and multiply that by how long you've paid for the subscription and that is the true cost of what you've spent your hard earned money on for broken, half-baked products.
I'd bet they had Anthem-Level development issues... And I like Anthem, wish they hadn't given up so easily.  This game; I was underwhelmed by the initial reveal trailer, it only went downhill from there...
Medal of Honor 2010 figured out: HOLD weapon switch to pull up your pistol, in 2010! (thanks Destiny for borrowing that).
You are right.  This is a terrible game, particularly from a AAA publisher.  they should have delayed it indefinitely or canceled it.  I just bought an Xbox Series X, I have owned all of the Xbox consoles, and I worry that Xbox is heading downhill with no end in sight.  Yes, Forza and Starfield are coming, but will they be enough to restore gamer confidence in Microsoft?  Halo Infinite was a disappointment and Forza Horizon 5 is really the only standout AAA exclusive for Xbox this generation.  Xbox is losing this generation to Sony, quite badly.  On PC we also have Flight Simulator and AOE 4, but those are largely for PC gamers even though MFS is also on console.  Forza and Starfield need to do well.
What a masterpiece of a review, accomplished in very short turnaround time! The term "Good enough for Gamepass" is getting traction, meaning content is content, quality doesn't matter, if this is the path Microsoft does want to take, they risk killing Gamepass in the long term. Maybe the Halo Infinite situation thought them the lesson that if a game is mediocre or worse, don't waste time and money trying to improve it, just put it on gamepass. Beneficial tip to viewers should have been, try Mooncrash!
I like how a lot of triple A games nowadays have less content and inovation then games 20+ years ago
This is an absolutely genuis review! It has the same energy that the actual game has. I would love to see you do more reviews where you mimic the style and energy of the game that you're reviewing. Like if you had done Dead Island 2 and made the whole review zany and way over the top.
More effort went into this video then the game being reviewed. Brilliant review
i was looking forward to this game big time. now my best hope is that Arkane can pull a No Man's Sky out of a hat.
Ive been an xbox fan since day one. I have owned every system, played weekly for nearly 20 years,  and I was always a big fan of their IPs.  I weathered the disaster that was the xbox one, but im getting tired.. xbox has NOTHING to show for their brand in over a decade other than “forza, gear, halo” and gears and halo are nearly what they used to be.  And im soooo over the excuses. Games cost more. They take more to develop. Live service is the only way to make money. Covid this covid that.   Yet games like hogwarts legacy and elden ring make BILLIONS with zero need for online, zero micro transactions.   Xbox decide to take games seriously snd throw money at the wall, but it only works if you actually make games worth a damn..
I don't think this game even needed more time. I think there were just so many bad design decisions from the get go and this is the final product.  Yea could it get polished more? sure. The thing is, that will not fix any of the base gameplay, world, combat, etc.
I sum it up: "Xbox Effect".
What's crazy is just how much realized a game like Dying Light is compared to this.
AAA mega-flops are saddening, but Ralph masterpieces such as this make me leap out of bed like it's Christmas
The audiologs and post-it notes thing at 2:00 onwards is also a F76 issue. This game is meant to be co-op, but who wants to sit around reading shit when your mates wanna go blow shit up?
So Redfall gets to be the Babylon's Fall of the year. Tragic. But...I mean, I'm not gonna lie. That was the vibe I got from the reveal trailer. And I'm usually not wrong when I feel that way.    Y'all remember when this was the big "one more thing" a couple years ago at the Xbox event? Jeez. What is going on over at Xbox Studios?
17:52 "stop me if you can" 🤣 I can't be the only one that died at the irony of the comment!!!
HOW THE FUCK IS THIS 30FPS CAPPED Nothing looks visually amazing or complex, the assets looks like stylized assets for a indie prophunt style of game. THe characters arent Horizon Forbidden West level of detail and animation. $70 "next gen" games do be trash nowadays, glad to avoid all of them
Actually, this looks like it was really made to be an online mobile phone game, and then got shifted to PC/Xbox.
feels like a game put together by interns as training.
It honestly looks like they launched a year early, or something...  I hope they pull their shit together, I've enjoyed all of Arkane's games a ton
No mercy in this review. 😂
We need to stop putting fame on the name of these dev companies. The pedigree of folks working in gaming today simply isn't up to snuff. Let's hope this brings light to smaller dev teams of impassioned folk.
I feel like Game Pass is financially unsustainable so developers aren’t getting the appropriate budgets to make quality AAA games under Microsoft.
This game looks like ass ass and the characters are annoying and ugly, how is this considered AAA quality
who in arkane worked on this? the new hires, the diversity obligated by law hires or were they drunk?
Halfway through and I don't think I've heard a single positive from you. Usually you try to find something to praise, but I think that speaks to how bad this game is.
Kids should be playing great Xbox IPs just like we did back in the day on OG Xbox and the 360. Instead they are getting garbage like this and a bare bones HALO Ohh. How the mighty have fallen
"If the developer doesn't bother to finish their game, why should I" shillup 2023... Legend
i can't believe Microsoft allowed this game to release
Xbox need to apologise, hat in hand, for this utter tragedy and proclaim that this will not happen ever again. Xbox need to reassure gamers that any faith in them as a publisher is relayed. If something is not up to scratch, delay it for a year. It looks like Redfall was at least a year off being passable. It also looks like they needed to invest in an animation and motion capture team for the cinematics.
This game feels like the same game we've played a million time last gen but it's the worst one of them.
When you talk about the control....I thought it was me being bad hahahaha
This is why an Xbox will never be worth buying except for the game pass…
Solid chair meta..
I wish this game had zero sold copies. That is the only way these studios will ever learn to actually release a good product.
In all fairness.. I did that theatre mission and I battled plenty of enemies
See companies even nintendo asking 70 dollars for games that either trash like this or not even on a switch 2 yet cause it's not even mentioned. Nintendo needs better processing power. Refall is a king for 70 dollars for this. Wow.
cant believe this game is 70 dollars LMAO boy gaming as a whole is in a very very bad place currently
This is the sort of game that makes people stop using XBOXES and switch to another platform.
so this is what 1 trillion dollars get you ha? lmfao another L for Microsoft
Oh Bethesda... And people still belive Todd when he talk about Starfield 1000 planets. LOL
A game designed by lazy cows.
LOL. LMAO even
Skill Up posts…..I Listen Up
Im sorry but if you're still buying first day release games in 2023 let alone titles from Bethesda, EA, acti-blizz, really any triple "A" titles, you deserve everything that is coming your way.
It's hard to believe this the same studio that made dishonored
Damn!
The fact the review embargo wasn’t lifted until the second the game released is reason enough for anyone that bought this dumpster fire to be entitled to a refund. What a scumbag move.
It’s kind of unbelievable that this is the same studio that created Dishonored and Prey. I feel like enough time has passed that we can’t continue to blame COVID for the pathetic state of most AAA games.
So.... Microsoft allowed this to pass through buuuuut.... Scalebound got cancelled. Sad day.... sad day.
Damn... that call back to Prey hurts my heart. Imagine if Arkane just Stuck with the fanbase they created with Prey and Dishonored, it would've been a beautiful thing to see.
Proof that ralph was the heart and soul of arkane
Leave it to shill up to somehow find a way to shoehorn Destiny into this 😂 Also, RIP Arcane Studios?
the final straw keeping my xsx turned off... isn't the lack of exclusives, or the lack of that "next gen feel", nor the UI and desecration of achievements and the gamercard... It's that stick deadzone. LIKE how does this keep happening across multiple games??????
Don't pull Zavala's mission briefings into this review😂
Thank you for your great Review, but even WITHOUT SOUND the game does not make me want. it looks ugly everywhere and in every aspect of the game. even with patches, it's the very basis of the game that is all crooked.
bruh
Absolutely brutal review... and completely deserving of it. Game looks like a total trash fire
One question keeps coming to mind while watching this: What the fuck have Arkane been doing for the last several years? Cause they haven't been making a game, this doesn't even earn the basic title of "game."
I had an odd feeling about this game ever since it was announced….now I have no interest lol
Bro opens video by claiming Steel series is the best hardware on the market... But yeah Redfall was a huge disappointment from ARKANE.
@2:33 "electricute" - couldn't even run the script through a spell checker?
jesus christ, even the movie isn't animated
If you want to play solo, you shouldn’t have to connect to a live service and should have the ability to pause your game.
Paging @MattMcmuscles for a "Wha Happen?" episode in about 2 years
This is by far my favorite video Shill Up has ever made I have never laughed so hard at a review in my life. Thanks for putting god tier editing into this one.
Arcane Studios has really bombed on this release. Unless this game has easy trophies/achievements, I don't see myself playing this at all. It looks lackluster and uninteresting.
Honestly stunned at how this even has a 60 on Metacritic. There are reviews that give it 90s and 80s calling it a masterpiece lmao
Its crazy they release this shit like its acceptable
Damn
this video is only fun part of the game
First wolfenstein Youngblood and now this. 😢
They shoulda released this game 1st April. 😢
This is was bound to happen when deathloop got good reviews.
I guess none of us dared to dream that an Arkane game could be this bad, so we could only assume the IGN guy sucked. Damn. Sorry, IGN guy/gal.  EDIT: I forgot to mention, in regards to the story and cutscenes, I wonder if a lot of that is down to cuts and retooling. The original trailer made the characters look insufferable, as though they were meant to make the "Progressive" harpies on Twatter happy, and we know how well that tends to go over with the core gaming consumer. But I don't know, that doesn't explain the rest of this mess.
Really feel bad for that ign dude who got roasted...not even his fault that this game is so shyte
Love how you got *so* close to just saying "open-world style bullshit" at 15:26 but then went on with the script.   God this is upsetting. Better off going back and playing Dark Messiah of Might and Magic just to remember what Arkane's spirit was really like.
Sad to see that arkane is dead, and the creative team that made prey and the dishonored titles is no more
you are so unfair :(   this game was made by 7 people 3 of theme were interns and 2 were part timers....
Jesus fucking Christ, what a mess.
Man, this game is such a let down! The graphics look so horrible and bugs galore. Major letdwn city!!!😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
They better fix this game and add more content and features because of this
Crying and shidding my pants rn it's so bad😭😭😭
😭😭I listened to the “if you can find, I’d like to have that book back” and it’s incredibly pervy sounding when you’re just listening w/ headphones
This game was forced out 2 years too early. How could management think this was OK to release?
People don’t seem to understand what gamepass means for Microsoft games. It means the budget is going to be low for any exclusive launching on gamepass. A low budget means a lower quality game. The fact that people are still surprised whenever a gamepass game is utter trash is kind of hilarious. That’s the standard of gamepass and Xbox. Get used to it
I was quite interested in this game, now at the state they launched it I look forward to these reviews tearing it apart. These studios need to learn the hard way
Aren’t we supposed to have better games now that we got next generation consoles? I feel like we’re just going backwards with games being more garbage (except a special few).
wow, i didn't think they can release game in this state. this is terrible and they should pull it back from shop and refund everyone
Okay the only thing I do t agree with skill up on this game is it having the worst shooting on a console game, nah mate, you Cleary haven't played armra reforger, vigor or dayz. Those are hands down the absolute worst fps games console has ever had
just learned a lot as an aspiring game dev tbh, this video is useful.
You would need to pay me 70 so i play that xD
The Witcher 3 The wild Hunt is still the best game on the market 💯! It is the only game where I will sit there and actually read the notes that the NPCs left that helped build story for side quest. Nothing has topped it, especially none of those lame Sony games! If only we can go back to game development of that quality!
I thought it was funny when I checked the store page that for a start this game costs £59.99, but also they have the 'bite back' upgrade for another £26.99, which gives you... outfits, and skins and the 'hero pass'. WHO on earth is paying almost £100 in total for that?
Best review ever
Wow, sure is interesting how you make a review on Redfall, but ignores Hifi rush, pentiment, grounded, fh5, and pretty much every other Xbox first party game!!
Wow, this is the priciest indie game i've ever seen. (Also funny checking out the few positive steam reviews there are, pretty much all of them is admitting the game is shit but that they think the game is getting too much hate so they recommend it )
About the only harsh thing I will say is:  'You don't go from Prey Mooncrash to this. That is not explainable by just the pandemic or whatever'  Oh yes you do, my friend. Yes you do and yes it is. You lose a whole bunch of staff to the pandemic and all its multitude of knock-on effects (long covid, dealing with the fallout of deaths, dealing with friends and family WITH long covid, dealing with family who are dealing with the fallout of loss, et cetera et cetera) as well as years of development disruption from all this, and this can absolutely be the result.  When people say that we are going to be feeling the effects of the pandemic (which is not properly over, even, let's be clear) they are not fucking around. Issues like this are going to crop up for years to come.  Anyway, this is otherwise an excellent review and up to your usual standards. I'm glad you weren't afraid to take the game to task over being less sophisticated, in many ways, than Half-Life or OG Deus Ex, which are games that are or are nearly a quarter-century old. Even if the game was clobbered by covid, it was on Microsoft to say "no, this simply is not worth releasing, we are going to scrap it". They didn't, and this is what they're trying to foist as an exclusive as a result.  Just... absolutely do not underestimate the damage the pandemic has done (and is still doing!) to game development.
Ooft
And I can't find funding for my indie game that is arguably already better than this, and it's early in development. This industry is dead or dying...
Based on what they had been making, I never understood why MS acquired Bethesda. Sure they made some great stuff in their hay day, but they are not the same company and this proves that.
We've come a long way from prey. Not the right way, but here we are.
I'm so shocked to learn that SJWs who believe idiotic nonsense because they only know first-world problems and lack any ounce of real-world experience... failed yet again to make another decent video game, film, graphic novel,... anything.
The bland classroom presentation theme for this video is so clever. Perfectly captures the tone of this video game
I have honestly never heard of this game
Use me as a dislike button.
the state of Triple A games is so shit. Half-ass'd broken unfinished shit. And wtf is up with PC ports being so shit lately. Fucking ridiculous state of gaming these days.
i played this on gamepass and still feel like i got robbed.... whoever paid 70 dollars for this. my condolences
Brutal. Hope devs dont watch
I have Gamepass.  And yet, this game is getting a pass, for sure.
I don't know what eviscerated Arkanes reputation more, the game, or this review. 🤣
This is genuinely so heartbreaking. When i first heard about the game, i was HYPE. I loved the concept and the environment, and to see it boil down to.... just a really sad far cry game is immensely disappointing.
Super, SUPER, bummed 😢The reviews are horrible for this & We truly needed a good, Vampire game, I was so hyped…;(
the game sucks big time, almost as much as your reviews
The lack of animated cutscenes was definitely a time saving measure. This game was rushed.
I love the lifeless intro to each section “I’d like to now talk about the combat in Redfall” 😂😂😂  Perfection.
This is the worst triple a game ive seen in a decade.
Redfall seems to be HOT GARBAGE.  Thank you for posting this review and saving me $70!
I love when you send the Raven into the basement like you are busting into enemy territory
So basically another quality product from xbox studios
tbh i have zero faith on bethesda at this point
I wonder if Arcane just didn't want to make this kind of game but were handed the assignment by someone at Bethesda.  They then proceeded to make the game as shit as possible so they wouldn't have to make a game like this again.
Play on the lowest difficultly. The game gives you UBER aim assist in that mode. You barely have to point at the enemy and the reticle snaps to their head.
This is my worst fear of developer acquisition come true. Arcane/Bethesda have made some of my favourite games. I only have a PS now and was sad that I’d have to buy an entire new console to play games that anyone could play previously but after seeing this just pisses me off now. I hope for Xbox gamers sake that the same thing doesn’t happen to Team Ninja and Hellblade 2
Maybe they thought this was a mobile game?
I usually watch videos sped up, but this review was so satisfying I watched it at normal speed to savor every moment.
To be honest I haven’t seen a single FPS game with healthbars above the enemies heads that looked appealing to play
This game made me realize an important truth, All "AAA" means for games is they are heavily controlled by boards of directors, deadlines, and profit margins. This game clearly has many cut corners in order to rush out to the market asap.
yikes
When Arkane said it was their take on Far Cry, I guess I just assumed they meant the current iteration of that series.  That mistake is on me 😂
Honestly I don't have much faith anymore
Something I always look forward to after a disaster game like this is the behind-the-scenes interviews that follow.
Explains the embargo period lol  From Prey to this. Wow.
I want to know what happened to the game they were supposed to make. There is no way in hell this trash is it.
So this is 50% of the reason Microsoft have been expecting their install base to keep faith with them (obviously star field being the second and that better be damn good) What an insult. Microsoft should refund everyone who's parted with their cash for their latest gen consoles with "exclusives" like this trash
Thanks for this amazing review. I now want to play this even less than I did yesterday.
REDFALL =Fisher Price My first FPS
im just curious about who this game is for tbh
This is why we love you Skill.  You tell it how it is no matter what.
I gotta say I HATE the dialogue and character design. They both feel so TikTok woke millennial. And the AI is the worst AI I've seen in a game. What the FUCK happened?
Damn I was as hoping this game would be great.
Man this game was so bad you didn't want Austin to waste his time editing in Segway music and cutscenes between parts. Lol
Gamers have been supporting garbage like this for a long time. This is why this keeps happening because gamers keep supporting it.
So sad. I love arkane, they made all my favourite games. This blows.
It somehow looks worse than the last Dishonored which was 7 years ago. Great game, but gives me motion sickness at first
*Part of me wonders if Arkane made it this bad on purpose to get out from under Bethesda and Microsoft...*
Arcane the new BioWare?
absolutely brutal, but honestly fair. It really is going to sit in the Anthem™ Hall of Fame as an abysmal bomb of a game. Hell, it feels like it has NO redeeming qualities AT ALL, and at least Anthem had a fuckin banger OST.
I buy video games based off Skillups thumbnails....
Glad I decided to avoid this game. If things don't change at Microsoft, I wonder if they will end up like Sega
One of favorite developers are Arkane dishonored prey are awesome Just disappointed
This game makes me actually nauseous.  I stopped after 30 minutes.
Man's so disappointed he wrote a book report 😅
Destiny cutscenes were bad.... but my God this is om amother level
I'd love to know what happened.  Arkane made good games, but this all says they just kind of gave up at some point and then the release date happened
Raise your hand if you thought this game would be any good . No, no one ?!? That what I thought nobody ever had any hope for this lifeless pile of trash of a game being any good 🤣🤣
Gamepass is amazing for the indies but once I played what I wanted I sold the Xbox. L
Sounds like the Morbius of games.
What a piece of garbage. Maybe instead of buying more companies, Microsoft should pay their current people better. Or close the doors completely,
STARFIELDS NEXT BOIS LETS GOOOOO
even the menus and the UI look nothing like Arkane. Prey and Dishonored have some of the most interesting and memorable menu design, with typefaces that so clearly go with the time period/aesthetic/vibes that the game is going for. I never expected to see typefaces this boring in an Arkane game
I really want to know how this even happened. Prey is one of the best games of last generation, and now this? I'm so sad.
lol at the shadows popping in between 0:40 and 0:42 on the book and boat. Even in a still image, there's pop-in. What an abysmal showing by Arkane.
Why every company want so much to make a looter coop game nowadays? I think im yet to see a good one
What happened to this game?  Microsoft.
Input on controller put it on "low" and the controller "feels" almost normal
Now I know why they call it gamepass.
Not full cutscene? Dev become lazy get push by xbox😂
The shooting mechanics are literally how Destiny 1 was on console. That's why I hated it. Had the worst shooting mechanics I've ever seen in a major game.
Nothing to see here folks. Just a common Microsoft *L*
How anyone can be excited for Starfield as Bethesda has become known for releasing garbage (outside of Doom) blows me away. I have 0 faith in Starfield, I want to be proven wrong but, time will tell.
-Arcane forced to make a game that they don't want to make.  -Cash grab, games as a service, open world, loot focused. -Arcane fuckes it up on purpose to avoid ever doing something like this again.  -Prey 2
The bosses in evil west was good, they should have copied it
Honestly who was surprised by this you could tell the game would fail
Watching you two shot that "boss" at 16:40 was genuinely shocking, wtf happened to Arkane man
Usually your videos are so full of editing and personality but this game is so fucking bland that it looks like you simply didnt give a damn lmao
Lmao, this game fixed Jedi Survivor, no one talks about it anymore😂
Ralph, I became hooked on your reviews after your long-form takedown of Fallout 76. I was expecting another long-form for RedFall, but judging from yours and others reviews, there's not enough content 😀
You fool, you’ve forgotten that whether we wanted it or not, we've stepped into a war with the Cabal on Mars. So let's get to taking out their command, one by one. Valus Ta'aurc. From what I can gather he commands the Siege Dancers from an Imperial Land Tank outside of Rubicon. He's well protected, but with the right team, we can punch through those defenses, take this beast out, and break their grip on Freehold.
“ If a developer can't be bothered finishing their game, nether will I “.  Skill up 2023.
Great video, Ralph. I truly appreciate you sacrificing your time so many others don't have to.  Heart goes out to those devs and the staff at Arkane. No way they would have let this release back then. So much wasted time and effort to learn an expensive lesson.
Microsoft will still cry and blame someone or something else for this travesty
This game looks like it's been generated by A.I. full stop.
Arkane is dead.
Ralph can you hide your Destiny agenda for 5 minutes
I see a  “Wha happened “video for this in the near future .
Who knew chairs were such OP Vampire fighting tools?
Would this game even be worth $5.00 on a steam sale lmao
Prey was a masterpiece. I was looking forward to an Arkane game worth buying.
The way this game is getting absolutely flamed by literally EVERYONE😭😭😭
This is embarrassingly bad. It is all good to let the studios do their thing without micromanaging them but you still need to enforce quality control. This is not the first disaster exclusive. You have crackdown and halo in recent memory. They really can't allow exclusives to be presented in this kind of state. Microsoft NEEDS to get involved in quality control.
After Prey, it seems like Arkane lost it's "A" team, or maybe they're working on a bigger project yet to be announced.
MS wants to buy ACTIVISION bc his games SUK! 😂
This video is the reason why I laugh when a GameStop employee asks me if I’m excited about any new releases and want to reserve a copy.
Time to bury another studio...
Fallout 76 2
Hopefully no one is stupid enough to buy this crap.
ign journo’s not looking so bad now huh?
Xbox WTFH
What an utter dumpster fire.
This game was clearly inspired by anthem
Arkane peaked at Prey, and Arx Fatalis. Dishonored games were decent enough, but meh. Deathloop was garbage. It all went downhill slowly.
Redfall is bad enough it made SkillUp forget he played (and didn't actually like) Deathloop.
such a disappointing fall from grace for arkane
Muh Gamepass.
0:03 bruh lmaoooooo
I’m slowly but surely switching to Sony as my main box with Xbox being a GamePass device. And even then, soon I may not need an Xbox for GamePass
Is it bad that I kinda enjoy seeing Xbox get dunked on
In before a YouTube dev makes Redfall in 2 weeks, but better
Sounds like the gunplay in this game is as horrible as the gunplay in dead island 2 but at least dead island 2 was designed around melee and not guns.
Redfall is dreadful 😫
Saw this coming
Sony Execs must have laughed their assess off when this went exclusive.
A Destiny reference in the first 2 minutes- i love it. Our guy really is next level at this now; he manages to slip one in every video, earlier and earlier. Bravo sir, this is the real meta-game at this point XD
Well Done, Ralph. This video provides a real service all Xbox Series owners... I am worried for the future of Microsoft as a platform holder.
Honestly the game isn't that bad if you've got a group of friends to play with. My friends and I are enjoying playing through the missions
Why do all games that have "fall" in their name end up really bad? Its starting to feel like a sign.
I'm playing on PC on Midnight difficulty, played about 6 hours and I always have tons of enemies rushing me. I've never seen areas of the map empty or AI bugging out. Do they have servers in load on an old build of the game or something? Is that possible? lol
So as per, it’s another rushed xbox release  Clearly something is wrong with how their devs are making these games, it keeps happening too much now
Say what you will bout Shill Up...
If ChatGPT made a video game..
I realize game development is no simple "task" but man how c could they mess it up this badly ?? honestly I'm stunned by the lack of dedication to this and quite a few late "AAA" games...
Ryan once said gamepass will hider the quality of Xbox games coming out. Seems he was right.
While this doesn't Impact me, since I am a PS5 user. It is heartbreaking to see none the less. So many good memories with Bethesda, from Morrowind and Oblivion, to Fallout 3. I am genuinely worried about Starfield, and what might happen if that game is nearly as bad as Redfall.  I also don't like that it seems like it is becoming the Norm for games to be released for 70$ and are either poorly optimized or totally broken, and we get half-hearted "It didn't live up to our Goals" messages.
As a xbox player, I'm starting to wish to have a ps5 rn
I was excited about this game and just complete shit
AAA:The Videogame
It actually pains my soul that Microsoft owns both Arkane and Bethesda. Both of these studios can make amazing games but, the last few have been so lackluster.
It's time for consumers to take action - class action lawsuit. In the US, this (the game) is being sold as something complete and full, it is false advertising at a minimum. There was a lawsuit in the EU for one of the Call of Duty's or something a while back. Developers and publishers should be held accountable.
Does anyone remember Crackdown 3? This is exactly what we should expect from Microsoft.
Seems like Arkane reallly...sucked the life out of this concept, huh?
One hand i'm disapointed, the other i'm glad because it further proves spence inability to be in control and to deliver great games. Since I am mad at him for buying out multiplat studios such as bethesda and activion blizzard.
OKOK GOT IT, this game sucks!
This game somehow manages to look like a worse version of Back 4 Blood
*Looks at Microsoft as a whole for years*  Yeah, their business model is to destroy their competition to become a dominant monopoly. . . . they have never been that great at anything. Why anyone thinks Microsoft acquiring something is going to make it better is beyond me, that has never been their MO.
Well done in actually creating a 30min video on this utter crap. Is there going to be a game in the near future that is released on PC that we can actually play day one??
this going to end up as some gaming insider story. I agreed that deathloop wasn't as great as it could have been but I don't get how you transition from dishonoured to prey to this absolute junk.
Bruh your hilarious 😂
13:10 😂 💀
The year is 2023.... We have game critics that complain about a lack of aim assist. Oh how humanity has fallen from grace.
12:35
Bethesda is a joke these days, starfield or whatever it’s called will also be trash mark my words
That stealth might be my favorite thing.  *elbows their balls* meaty whack “Argh!”
Redfall developers making this game: Short grunt of effort
Another Cyberpunk 2077.  These Triple A studios are treating us like their beta testers.  We are testers on a game they may or may not ever finish building.
What a great review. The way this man ethered this game. Masterful😂😂😂
I can’t believe this is an arkane game
Redfall ? more like Dreadful
I don't think there's a chance Starfield releases this year. My gut is telling me we will hear about another delay around July/August and that delay is going to be into next year. I predict Starfield is in a similar situation to Redfall and this is Bethesda we're talking about. All they put out are buggy games that they then rely on the community to fix for them. It's shit game design and I won't support it.
M$ buying bethesda was like buying a classic car for lots of money and finding sawdust in the transmission and phone books and bondo for 1/4 panels. bad fucking deal. F76 should have told everyone all they needed to know about the toddmobile. they're greasy and underhanded and don't give a shit in a brown paper bag for their customers. sadly i am completely unsurprised by this.
Arkane is one of my favorite developers and the Dishonored series is on the list among my all-time favorite video games/franchises, but from the moment Redfall was announced and marketed it looked so uninteresting and out of character for them. As the marketing rolled out nothing about that changed, and as it got closer to release it just seemed uninspired, half-baked, and the game itself looked very far from finished and ready to be released.    I worried that they were trying to (or were instructed to) make a gimmicky multiplayer looter shooter rather than the narrative-driven immersive sim experiences they have excelled at creating, and ppl would say "no its gonna be a single player experience just w co-op" but the released game bears all the hallmarks of a developer half-heartedly trying to put together a gimmicky multiplayer looter shooter and inevitably having the unfinished product shoved out the door in an embarrassing state to meet publisher-mandated financial deadlines.   It's sad to see from Arkane, and it's kind of just another indictment of the current stagnant and lazy profit chase of the AAA game industry. There's hardly ever middling or decent AAA games anymore to pass your time with, there's either fully baked tentpole franchise releases or embarrassing, buggy unfinished disasters that probably never should have been greenlit, go in completely the wrong direction chasing after ill-fitting trends that people dont really like to begin with, and arent given nearly enough development time to be turned into anything interesting or worthwhile.   The industry is not handling longer, more labor intensive modern game development with any dignity or better management. They're developing games on the same schedules, charging more for them, and releasing undercooked, flat out unfinished games that are widely panned if not brutally mocked. When the games turn into financial failures its always the overworked developers who are made to suffer for the ill-suited trend-chasing and poor management, while the arrogant scumbag Bobby Koticks of the world expect their fat greedy purses to always be overflowing.
I literally drove to Best Buy and traded in my Xbox for a gift card after watching this. They've really dropped the ball this generation.
Xbox/Microsoft should be embarrassed for realising this garbage
Another game with a cast of insufferable Hipsters?  This game was already a hard pass for me.
ALL REVIEWS:    Mostly Negative (1,095)
I mean I’m playing the game I don’t get all the hate. Is it great? No but it’s fine and runs fine.
7:50 they are using a stock owl ambiance sound in this clip that is almost completely unedited. I know this because the exact same sound is in a roblox game Apocalypse Rising 1. Not a fault of the game nessesarily but it says something about the time spent making this game if they are resorting to a lot of stock sounds.
9:40 Not everwyhere. sometimes you can climb up and smash a window or something.
You, sir, got yourself a new subscriber. The decline of Arkane has been heart-wrenching to see, and you are not afraid to be incisive and go for the throat on this game's shortcomings and wasted potential.
I don't know what they did in act 1, the streets are empty like you said, but when you get to act 2 there seems to be an army on every street. You'll be wishing for empty streets again so you can have a moment's peace.
If Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines 2 is bad I'm gonna be sooooooo annoyed.
I could not believe at all that this game was made by arkane. theres gotta be something more to this, right...?
Ralph should do a recap video once a year with the shittiest games reviewed hahahahaha 😂
Plays like dook on controller as well. Kinda sucks that a FPS game doesn’t have good FPS elements and sounds. For some reason, there is like some level of life or spirit in this game, but it’s buried in boredom. Who knows maybe they could update it, but I was laughing playing this knowing Ralph would have a field day and a slam dunk with his review on this. Hopefully everyone can forget and move on from this glorified Xbox 360 game. Diablo 4 will be out soon anyways🤣
Wow, this is bad. What a shame 😢
The fact that he didn’t even bother testing the coop and actually dodged a giant bullet because the coop sucks
oof
lol this is great
The sucking joke was good
17:52 "Stop me if you can!" *Is defeated by furniture.
As an Australian I'm surprised you didn't mention the insane $120 base game price tag on Steam, which is the equivalent of $80 US. What were they thinking? I made a thread in the Redfall discussions and a Canadian commented and said it's $130 over there which is $94 US.
Arkane game then :  - Enter the room through vent, window . - Enter the room using gadget. - Enter the room by trick the enemy. - Enter the room by breaking down the door. - Enter the room by turn yourself into a object or animal. Arkane game now :  KEY
I am not even hyped for Starfield anymore. After this and Jedi Survivor's fail(lets face it, if the performance was good, the gameplay, especially the open world traversal is abysmal at some points), they should release 10 hrs demos just to prove that their sh** is playable.
how is it that system shock, the first* game to have audio logs, managed to get it right? But we still get games that require us to stand around and wait to listen to these things?  *not 100% sure if system shock was the first, but im *pretty sure* it is
Definitely a behind the scenes conspiracy reason for why they would release a game in this condition.  For a good studio, I'd wager that some bugs are deliberate, forced into the game because of blackmail or a market manipulation strategy.
Sounds and looks exactly how I found Dishonored and Prey... but people loved those for some reason.
I love this review so much
That was brutal. I love it.
Firefall, Redfall, seems like any games with fall in them ends up tanking.
Don't worry. They'll fix it later with a patch.
SO if this is the state of Redfall, a Bethesda game. What is the state of Starfield, another Bethesda game, going to be like? Pre order quick, you know it's going to be amazing ;-)
Iv seen and played ps2 games better than this
It boggles my mind how I knew from the first trailer how trash this game would be. I didnt hate post about it but no matter how you try to put on a new skin on a generic shooter, shooters are bad in their current state and need to evolve.
This game and shit like this are making me consider selling my Series X, abandoning my 600+ dollar account and just jumping ship to PS5
Sometimes games suck so bad it makes me laugh. But in the case of Arkane Studios this is making me cry. :(
Did they make an intentional bad press stunt? Is there a 400iq play i'm missing here?? Like it's so obvious dogshit. They knew.
They better make sure Starfield is at least a A+ Game, if not I'm buying myself a PS5
my idea of the timeline of this game: -an idea is born during a time where alot of other games of similar ideas are born -those games all come out and crash and burn while covid and work from home pushed this one much further down the pipeline, on top of the aquisition -arkane watches every game of a similar type fail, while theirs is simply not coming together -arkane attempts to pivot, game is not coming together, all the "arkane flourishes" we all expect are added in but it is simply scattered on top of an empty vessel -game is out of time and has to be hammered into a release state, thus resulting in this.
Sorry IGN bro, we didn’t know this game sucks so much
i loved how this review was presented like a reluctant student doing a slideshow report in class..   more power to shill-up
They had to know this was shit when they released it, right? Like, there's no way they thought this was 80+ metacritic. They must have reached a point where they were just ready to cut their losses and crap it out and move on.
i am sorry ign person.
what foes xbox do to studios that just absolutely kill then
You can really tell they were forced to make this, or the original plan got rejected by bethesda. So they said fuck it and did the minimal effort, working in corporate i know what is like to be given a project you dont want to do, so you do the minimal hoping to get it done quickly and move on. Arkane is so much better than this, also i get the feeling they want it to bomb in order to not give support to a live service game considering they always move to the next project. Also Arkane is conformed by veterans meaning that if you disrespect them like this they are going to rebel in the most corporate way, a by the numbers flop.
Games have become interactive entertainment.  They are no longer games with the amount of hype out there as well.  FOr every on rails game like God of War that plays well there are buggy messes that get released because it's about the bottom line.  These development houses lack ideas of their own and are basically at the mercy of the development process which basically sucks all the way around now.  Either games have it or they don't.   And really for every game that gets hyped for being a polished masterpiece there are so many others that just aren't good.  It's like the movie industry.  Lots of crap out there.  People aren't able to connect and create new things like they used to because of the amount of the noise out there either.  They are all following the yellow brick road.  I can't stand influencers as much as developers these days that way.  Overlords.  I might as well be wasting my time here.  It wasn't long ago these same people were telling me $70 for games wasn't that bad.
who in their right mind even buys an xbox these days, microsoft are a joke
Its like every enemy you fight in this game is just Tracer from Overwatch
Ahhhh, that beautiful Deus Ex background music
Reminds me of Skyrim (fetch quests and kill this and that quests), but at least that game is fun in its own way, lmaoo
You didn't like it because you are a racist
10000% agree on the controller comments. Close combat is just awful. ADS is awful. When those vampires swarm you, you will die. It’s just bonkers. And you can’t always stake your targets if there are more than three swarming you.
wow i sure am glad microsoft spent $7 billion to get this top tier exclusive!!!
This is the first time I've ever felt like Game reviewers don't get paid enough to put up with this job.
I blame Microsoft. Name one first party game they have that has been great? Ori is the only ones I can think of and they are not an AAA game.
how is it legal to sell a game in this state...
SkillUp: "the last time they welcomed you to a video game it looked and sounded like this" <Prey helicopter intro> Deahtloop: "Do I not exist to you!" I know you didn't like Deathloop, but daaaamn. :P
something happened with the development. the vast open world with nothing in it, i think was suppose to have rideable cars but probably got canned. i reckon it was suppose to be an online looter shooter but they had to quickly change it from the backlash of all the other looter shooters that failed.
I had to double check, but remember this was delayed, with this message "Xbox Head Phil Spencer Says Starfield, Redfall Delayed Because He Has Experience "Shipping Games Too Early" "The decision to give the team the time to build the game that they feel they should be building is just the right thing to do."Nov 16, 2022".
This is a wakeup call, don't purchase a game without seeing reviews, regardless of who the developers and publishers are 🤔
I heard all the comments, read all the tweets... but could never imagine it would be THIS bad.
From what im hearing about this game, i would give it an -AAA
After this and the blunder that was fallout 76. The MS acquisition just makes sense.
Arkane needs to hire somebody who knows a thing or two about decent aiming controls on analog sticks. It's been a consistent sore spot for ages, and in a game like this, it can't be overlooked.
No Skill up at least Anthem played great
Redfall? More like Dredfall
tbf this is Arkane Austin
I cant wait for starfield to come out and be just as shit as this.
It's a shame he doesn't give 1-10 scores, because this one might get in that 0-4 range reserved for particularly offensive efforts.
Seriously who was stupid enough to actually purchase this garbage? Like you have to hate your money to spend it on this absolute joke of a game. This game is so atrocious that I have a hard time believing even arkane believed this  game would succeed. What were they thinking? It's about time we start holding developers and publishers accountable. Time to let them know that just releasing junk just to release something isn't gonna fly anymore. This game is a FLOP
I am concerned for Starfield.
You shiould have mentioned how Bethesda had a review embargo that meant NO reviews were allowed before the game was released in NA.  Microsoft / Bethesda essentially robbed customers in NA.
This is the first boredom simulator whrre boredom is the main focus. Ruff
So the Sensitivity issue i solved by turning it up all the way and setting the input preset to low. For some reason it made the deadzone smaller and gave me more consistent turn speed.
Current Xbox is like that scene in Robocop 2, where they keep testing Robocop successors, and they all keep failing.
All of these combat and control problems have been in previous Arkane games... but people (including myself) were enamored with the world building, narrative and overall presentation of their games that we ignored it. Camera controls in Dishonored were rough, acceleration is always enabled by default and the aim-assist was non-existent (although, there wasn't really an ADS for those)... I've no personal experience with the Prey reboot, but given that it's on the same engine from the same devs, I figured it'd be roughly the same. Scenes were also mostly in-engine with a few exceptions where it's moderately animated stylized imagery. It's all very Arkane. It's unfortunate that this time it seems like there's not enough going for the game to be able to ignore the issues.
I was not prepared for that stealth kill animation 😂😂😂 why is it so lazy
i like your totk video. i like this video. i sub. i like  i comment
That’s the most laughable excuse for a video game I’ve ever seen. Pathetic. They really should be ashamed of themselves.
Man your job sucks
Last time I remember having to cycle my guns was in Timesplitters 2 on the game cube. Why are these people so incompetent?
MS is too hands off it seems.  Their studios either put out "games" like this, or they don't put out anything at all.  We're coming up on 4 years in this console cycle and they've released like 2 1st party games.
Oh no! They broke his spirit!
so glad you added that people owe that IGN play tester an apology, cause no one else has said it.The first time I watched their video, was like this man is probably showing us how bad the game actually is.
Does Arkane have multiple teams within their studio? This just came out so fast after deathloop and it really doesn’t feel like the same hands had a role in its creation. Truely sad if they did.
These developers don't care.  They just drive the price up and release garbage and people buy it.  And people hype it.  That said I don't trust the reviewers either.  They are being paid just the same.  Being paid to tell us what to think.  Which is more evil?  Both really.  It's all nonsense ultimately and the same games will still get hyped.  This is coming from someone who went to school for CS and has ideas of my own that aren't this or that.  Unfortunately the way of the internet they don't want you talking about other ideas or having a mind of your own.
That stealth kill got me 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Spector is not the father of the imsim design. That would be the Looking Glass Studios, which did Ultima and Thief games way before DX.
The moral of the story is to never name your game with the end word being "Fall" since those games almost ends in failures
Bro sounds depressed having to even review this game
It sucks because it’s such a great concept. Oh well.
I mean, i fixed the xbox controller feel in about 2 minutes on PC by tweaking a few of the settings in the controls menu. It's not hard.
Oh well at least we got this funny review, haven't laughed so much in a while. I'm sure I've played better games made in dreams on ps4.
So the menu issue is because a Hold B prompt is also up but hidden by the menu. If you hold it, it will drop the menu. Ridiculous but that's the bug.
MS Bugthesda buy looking like more and more of a waste of money lol. And we ALL know how Starfield is going to come out. Same shitshow every fallout game has been where it releases in a messy state and the community holds it up and fixes after a year later
“Chair” is the greatest gameplay feature ever created
This game is very indicative to what Microsoft is able to do, making people Micro-soft.
It’s so sad that creators of Prey, which is in my opinion was an underrated gem, came up with this…
Yeah this game is a fucking joke. I knew this shit from the first preview I saw of this game, wouldn't touch it with a ten foot pole. Clearly msft had to have forced thrm to make this garbage, right? Why would they even release this garbage game? And who's acrually stupid enough to pay 70$ for this pile of poop? Like I'm surprised more than 100 people actually purchased this terrible game.  Honestly this game is so bad it'll be dead in a week. It's not even worth patching or 'fixing' because the gane itself is so uninspired and lame, no patch or update will fix this game.
Hurts me to see the studio that brought us Dark Messiah to fall this low
That physically hurt to listen to, I can't imagine what must've happened or what it was like to work on that game. I just graduated and I'm trying to get into the field and now all I can think about is what would happen if the first game I got to work on came out like this, and that was all I could list on my resume as launched titles. God this sucks.
This not looking so good over at Bethesda now they are part of Microsoft..
I don't understand how they're getting shit wrong that Bioshock 1 and other games got right 10 years ago.   Like, what? You can't listen to logs while moving? Cmon.   Why am i being flooded with garbage loot constantly? Why are materials all over the place if all the materials just turn into currency for vendors?   Why does this game feel so bad to play? No interesting ways to play, boring weapons, poor performance, useless powers, bland missions. Why have character with a teleporter if you can't teleport to bypass certain issues.
What the actual fuck???   …
Makesyou wonder why tf games are 70 bucks now
Notice how he’s playing alone . This game is co op for a reason
Skill up has had 2 video game reviews straight that have been on trending, congrats skill up
Could you imagine if Microsoft didn't have Game Pass and everyone on the platform had to pay the full RRP of $70 for this car crash of a video game?! I honestly think they would have had another Red Ring of Death fiasco on their hands.  I've been a huge Xbox fan from the very beginning but I am starting to lose all confidence in Microsoft and seemingly their lack of quality control.   Also just on a final note...Arkane are no longer the same Arkane that produced the likes of Dishonored, Prey & Death Of The Outsider. Unfortunately they have had a brain drain with most of their most talented people either leaving to join another company or starting up their own from scratch.   Redfall have been a huge embarrassment of Xbox/Microsoft 😢
Your reviews are so detailed, excellent work 👍
Geez, this game makes Bioshock Infinite look like a masterpiece.
This looks like the high quality work of my man Todd, glad we all love Todd, dont worry Todd knows we'll forget about this work come the next release like always
this is exactly what I expected from this game
There was about as much effort put into editing this as there was in the game, which really made for an immersive experience.
Why do we need a 30min video on something so obvious
Your a bit of a madman, you wore telling us weeks back that destinys new dlc and destiny. Y overall is a masterpiece yet bungie came out and admitted the lack of content and patches to fix the game is due to no1 working on the game.... You just have akot of gullible people 😂
How the hell does this make it past QA???
What I want to know most is, HOW DID THIS HAPPEN?
This is so wild.... To think that Arcane of all studios would make such a terrible game is nuts.... If Xbox didnt have Gamepass (fantastic product), Xbox would be dead in the water.
Well this isn't a usual video title for this channel. This game must be as special kind of bad
IGN is trying to platinum this game before releasing their review. Will they give it an 8?
Lmao, western dev/studio can't catch a break nowadays. Jedi Survivor and now this. Stinker after stinker.
Holee Molee. WTF is going on? I'm getting very nervous for Starfield! Also, is it meant to be so low res? Man, those textures! Yep dumpster fire!
Holy shit.
Makes me appreciate the state DI2 launched in even more.
Would rather dig out my original Xbox with 4 duke controllers call my mates over and replay... Hunter: the reckoning.
I get so excited when I see the comments number go higher every new review
From previews I felt like the game would be underwhelming. Turns out it's a complete disaster.
Brutal
In other words... let's go play Vampire Survivors.
I stopes buying steel series after that bully hunters bullshit.
Unparalleled restraint skillup shows here, able to hold off destiny references for nearly 2 minutes. This may be a personal record.
If a developer refuse to their game so do I. Ouch! Love your work skillup. Clearly they are Arkane in name only or the soul was gone from deathloop. How far they had fallen.
Don’t hold back. Tell us how you really feel 😂
10 vampires were harmed in the making of this film. 👌😂
Damn Arkane! The king is dead! Long live the king😢
Basically... release it, fix it maybe later, live service modern gaming for ya.
Prey 2017's opening is a work of art... which is not what I can say about Redfall. Arkane truly has become a shell of its former self. Sad to see.
what the F happened to arkane lmao
Xbox has wrong idea about making exclusives to sell their boxes This game is so worthless that i dont think anyone even have any desires to pirate it
I thought that deadzone thing was just me in deathloop, glad to see that wasn't the case at all 💀
I feel like this is a similar scenario to marvels avengers game.  They got square Enix, a single player story dev team, to make a multilayer live action game  They got arkane, an emersive sim single player semi open world to linear game dev, to make a fully open world multiplayer shooter
I never cared that much about Redfall but now I'm worried about Starfield :(
*Vampire Angrily Slashing At An Invincible Chair Growling* Jacob: At least the moon ain't ruined yet. 17:48
Wow lazy, broken and boring. The ultimate combo for a shit game. Who was this dumpster fire made for????
What blows my mind the most, is the INSANE pricetag they're asking.   At the time of writing:  Standard = $119.95 AUD Premium = $164.95 AUD  Let's compare that to an actual AAA game known for charging as much as they can, COD MW2.   Standard = $109.95 AUD Premium = $159.95 AUD  What in the actual fuck.
I can already see the devs for Suicide Squad shaking as they work knowing that Redfall is foreshadowing what happens to half-baked, boring loot economies and nonsensical skill trees
I feel pretty vindicated by the reaction to this game. I saw so many people saying how excited they were for it when all I could think of was how it reminded me of a budget game from 2006 and I thought it looked rushed and janky. And now here we are...
You need to be a ghost reviewer.
This was never going to do well regardless of how well it played on release. No one gives 2 shits about Vampires lmao
God man, this is so sad. This is what we get when everyone sleeps on smart games like Prey. Rip Arkane, dropped the ball hard here.
Looks like for your character they took Malachi from borderlands 1 and made him worse.
Why are AAA title games so bad these days!?!?!? More and more monkey is being sunk into these games and it feels like we get less and less quality!!!! Are they biting off more they can chew and then everything ends up half baked???
Sorry you had to play that, mate. Here's hoping you got some Destiny 2 time in after. RiP Lance :(.
Too bad we cant go back to 2008 when games had more sole running on less technology than todays watches.
You’re the man Ralph
I was cautiously optimistic for this game last fall, so glad I didn’t play this and even more glad we can watch another skillup video completely blasting a terrible video game
If you had to play one from start to finish would it be this game? Or forspoken
Been saying for a while that Bethesda has changed and Starfield will not be the game people are expecting. I’m not the kind of person to say I told you so though
If this is not a wake up call for Xbox, I don't know what is
I think the difference between Fallout 76, Anthem and Redfall is that I don't think anyone was excited for this. Almost everyone looked at Redfall and immediately assumed it was going to be a mediocre, by-the-numbers coop shooter. So, it's not like there was Cyberpunk-levels of hype surrounding it, and they still failed to live up to expectations.
So standing in line at Walmart to checkout and buy this. Should I spend my money on milk instead?
This review is bang-on, truly masterful. Not sure about the statement of Xbox only having 2 AAA games for this year though (Redfall and Starfield)? Idk about that - they have Forza Motorsport coming this year, and I'm inclined to count Hi-Fi Rush too. Idk about Minecraft Legends. Regardless, they need to deliver. "OK" and even "Good" might not be good enough.
so.... you liked it?
I had to try this on gamepass, just to see how truly awful it was and I was even disappointed with that.. It's not even fun levels of awful. At one point, I was attacked by dozens of vampires and in an attempt to get away, I backed up to wall and the vampires pushes me into it, leaving me stuck and ripe for the enemy. After dying, I spawned literally across the street from the vampires who proceeded to maul me and kill me several more times as that was my locked respawn location. Also, on console, the textures for certain objects are abysmal.  So sad to see how far Arkane has fallen. I adored Prey, then the mediocre and forgettable Deathloop came out.. And now this.
Why the goddamn character models in this game have such huge hands, lol it looks so goofy
I bet anything when MS took over they made Arkane change it from a single player game to a multiplayer game that they could continuously support so it fits their Gamepass model. It's much cheaper adding content to an already existing game than it is making a full sequel and the entire point is to keep people subscribed to make it seem like they're getting some amazing content every month.
The frame rate looks choppy as hell 🤦‍♂️
Dead island 2 was way more sophisticated than an arkane game.😂😂😂 what a shame this one.
I was not ready for a zavala meme, but it was a welcome one
🍿🍿🍿🍿
Ralph, I love your mirroring of the apparently sub-par effort of the developers. Where it's really easy to pan a bad game like everyone else, you kept it interesting for the viewers with a pointed style.
the real vampires were the managers that forced this game to be published
R.I.P Lance, Wish you were here to at least see The Final Shape...
You deserve a like for putting up with this terrible game lol
I agree with most of your points here, but I actually had the opposite problem with the enemy density, I had enemies spawning non-stop and almost all my vamps were the special ones.
Cant wait to see what happened behind the scenes ....the concept is dope
At this point I suspect self-sabotage on Microsoft's part to show the regulators that they need the Activision deal to go through to stay competitive. "Look, we don't have good games, we need that Blizzard talent to stay afloat."
Everyone should just play Prey
This looks like pre alpha footage. I love how this whole video is just facts about the game and that's all you need to know about how poor the game is.
This game was the Xbox “One more thing” at E3 2021 😂
its weird pc port had more aim assist then console
I can't wait for the 'rise and fall of Redfall' video to find out what the hell happened during development of this monstrocity!
11:45 Say what you will about Redfall, that guy was vibin' HARD
Xbox have some explaining to do with the state of their first party studios
Excellent tripple A presentation and death loop shouldn't be in the same phrase. It was a boring forgotten and mediocre game that nobody cared about.
this is a 30 min disstrack lmao
The thing I hate most? I keep seeing POSITIVE articles about this game on my news feed! This game is one of the worse games I've seen in some time and all these articles are paid advertisement for this crap. It's sad.
damn this game looks bad...
Is not great but it's not bad either, I'm having a lot of fun with it
It's been 2,529 days since Blood and Wine.
Microsoft's answer for their IP is Starfield. Its highly likely all resources were put on that project while oversight, resourcing and quality staffing of this game was largely redirected. They want their best on something with the most potential, and they saw Redfall as something that never picked up steam so they put newer developers they're training on Redfall as a learning point with much less threat. Redfall was most likely planned and committed to a long time ago, never picked up steam, then died out as the release date was pushed to far right to a major IP release. The smart thing to do in that situation as an organization would be to devote your resources to the much higher risk with a release looming in the near future.
Was this made by interns? 😂
The games industry is only getting better smile
I hate to say this, but it kinda looks like one of those "scam-games" that turn up on steam from time to time.
Pain loop 2. Honestly I got borderlands feels from this game
I beat this game and all of the side missions, it took about 8 hours solo. I played as Jacob (Bird man) and despite being designed as a stealth character he functions much better as a close range mobility character.  Every combat encounter boiled down to: 1. Shoot bird 2. Pick off vampires with spike launcher 3. Shotgun everything else, cloaking when needed. There was hardly any point to stealth when the enemies are so dumb they just funnel towards you. Performance is also horrible on PC.
And yet there will still be Xbox fanboys who make excuses cos' they are so excited just to have a new game, any new game (I bought a PS5 and Series X at release. I honestly had to sell the series X as it was genuinely untouched after I'd gone through the few gamespass games I hadnt played previously. I will gladly buy another Series X  if the devs acquired by Microsoft come into fruition in time).
The NPC who wants the book back sounds like Johnny Depp in Willy Wonka as portrayed by Meatcanyon
Sad to see this. I hope Arkane can rebound and give us a Prey 2.
Always remember that when a project goes this badly it can only be caused by POOR MANAGEMENT.
Microsoft really needs Starfield to be a massive hit.  Im hoping Bethesda returns to it’s best.
Dramatic af dude
Co-op game design 101, everyone progresses together, how they failed the most basic design for a co-op game is beyond me.
Fortunately, I have Gamepass, so I gave it a risk-free go. I ran to the first mission at the firehouse and snuck in through the roof, wending my way to the waypoint where the civilians were.  Only there was nobody there. No civilians. Nothing.   I uninstalled soon after.
I´m curious to see if any wild-haired modders will finish what Arkane started. Any modders reading this post: I double-dog dare you to make Redfall playable. I triple-dog dare you to make it fun.
This review was amaing, I love unhinged Skillup
Ahh Microsoft, where good dev teams go to die (Other than Playground I guess)
Arkane needs to change name. That's not the original team. If you know, Dishonored/Prey didn't sell well. Amazing games, especially D1 and 2. When the the take over happened, leads left the studio. Corpo greed had other ideas as to what kind of games "sell". Hence, Redshit. So overall, it's the public fault for not buying D1 and 2 hahaha If they had more support for those types of games, this would have never happened
$70 to watch a power point. LMAO
Can we all agree that skill trees that just change numbers are a joke, and badge systems like hallow knight or paper Mario are the only good way to do skills these days. Like make skills meaningful or don’t make them at all.
I loved redfall
This video had far more value and entertainment than my 3 hours in Redfall. Thank you.
Redfall is an absolute catastrophe of a videogame (Based on the million other reviews we know). Since you took your time to talk about it, I liked your 32 minutes of wasted time!   By the way Prey was just as horrible.
I got this game for free with my GPU and I still feel scammed and want a refund.
This is a 70$ game....
i was low key hoping for a looter shooter esque with replayable missions. missed that one. game was extra bad not to mention no matchmaking? weird flex. just a bad coop single player game. smh. Diablo 4 is 1 month away. im abt to explode
This review just goes to show that Redfall isn't just broken, it's completely poorly designed in every way. Characters, enemies, art style, power ups, leveling up abilities, combat, AI, literally EVERYTHING. Even if the game has no bugs, it would still be terrible. How does a studio go from something as awesome as Prey to this? And how the hell did they spend 6 YEARS on it?!!
It's amazing how much of this literally looks like one of those trash tier, asset swap Steam shooters.
like one dude said someday: IT'S TIME TO STOP!
A reminder: for $70 usd you can buy the master chief collection 4 times over, which already has 6 different games in the collection, and all of these games have gameplay elements, level design and story that is 100 times better than redfall.
Incredible review. It's shocking the propoganda around this game by obviously overly bias Xbox fans. Love my Xbox but nothing can ever justify a release like this. Especially with the entire video game industry watching. You really have to wonder whats going on with Microsoft as of late
Tango game works with the boring grindy Ghostwire. Arkane with the boring generic Redfall. Bethesda needs to complete the trifecta with Starfield being shit.
It’s even hard to watch gameplay of RedFall. It looks so unsatisfying
We are the freaking beta testers now...AND WE PAY THEM..
What a joke. Good video tho, keep it up.
This game has been riddled with red flags since it’s conception
We all saw this coming
I was worried after deathloop
I'm a bit confused, so the game is good?
4:58 Skill up mentioned Destiny. DRINK!!!
damn, this was heavy
You're playing a shooter with a console controller and blaming someone else that it sucks. Do you eat spaghetti with a spoon and blame the chef for the quality of the experience. You do? Ok, then.
Xbox needs to get a grip…
$70 btw
This is the biggest disappointment for me since Cyberpunk
Like Todd would say : It just works
Ea : Launch Jedi Survivor at broken State Bethesda : A Worthy opponent our Battle will be Legendary... Here hold my beers
My son said this is low budget Escape Dead Island.
I'll pass on the game. Feel sad for the developers for whatever reason they were massively compromised. Look forward to the behind the scenes developer video, however long that takes. Prey and Deathloop are 2 of my fave games of all time.
0:56 why did that sound like Todd Howard lol?
Starfield will likely be this disappointing.
Basically the controllers are as bad as any bethesda or arcane game. For warever reason these game companies cant get the controllers right. Flick the Rstick in any direction and it takes half a second to respond.
You just know there’s already a bunch of weirdos somehow defending this game for god knows what reason
Redfall more like Redflags
This was brutal and I love it!!!!! Also, this game costs 70 dollars!!! Amazing...
I'm having fun with it
Seriously this is like a proof of concept  that took 3 months to make. Maybe the whole project was scraped and they started from scratch last year 🤷🏼‍♂️
Starfield isn’t real though.
The skill tree is particularly confusing
The biggest tell is that you can only have one main mission and one side mission at once. They really didn't have any ideas.  Also you can fast travel pretty much instantly so the need for the other safe houses was just pointless. You could have had side missions at the main hub.  You could make an entire lecture series about how bad this game is
I am eagerly looking forward to the Redfall - What Happened? @MattMcMuscles
That "hello" was jarring.
Well that's fucking disappointing.
I don't understand any of this crap. I remember seeing the first trailer and I instantly knew it was gonna be shit. I dunno I just get these gut feeling and I'm usually right. It seems like the most mediocre of shooters and it can't even do that right. What the hell are these people doing?
This game is like an April fools, except it came out in May 😅
Why does Redfall look like dead island 1 but shittier
Microsoft just takes L after L, and the copium they might use is that they're more than just xbox.  It needs a whole revamp, which will never happen, bethesda is just silly. The people in charge at bethesda need to retire
Who was even waiting for this game anyway ? Any gamer could see this was gonna be embarrassing
Hate to say it, but Xbox is dead. Someone with both consoles. My series X is collecting dust.
I don't understand how the same devs who made amazing games like Dishonored & Prey made this garbage.
The frustration to just see you having to go through all your weapons each time to take your sniper. I can't imagine how worst is it when you actually playing
Aim assist? No dude, aim assist isn't how you make good controls, that's how you avoid making good controls.   God I hate when people act like you just can't aim with an analog stick without aim assist. If I make a game with shitty mouse controls, nobody would blame the mouse. No idea why people are fine with blaming controllers for poor camera systems
Arkane... Whats goin' on big guy ?
Whether we wanted it or not, we've stepped into a war with the Cabal on Mars. So let's get to taking out their command, one by one. Valus Ta'aurc. From what I can gather he commands the Siege Dancers from an Imperial Land Tank outside of Rubicon. He's well protected, but with the right team, we can punch through those defenses, take this beast out, and break their grip on Freehold.
This is a blemish on arkanes catalogue. Please drop this game. No one wants to play it. Give us Prey 2 or Dishonored 3. You know, the games that your fans actually want to play and not this absolute piece of garbage. I’ve played bootleg games in a language I can’t comprehend better than this
The cutscenes remind me of Hitman 2, which I’m pretty sure was made after the developer split from square enix and suddenly had a lot less to work with. Probably not so excusable here!
Nah that IGN player still sucks. Even your gameplay wasn't that atrocious while you covered the topic of poor controls.
Gamepass Effect
Oh come on dude! You missed the perfect opportunity to use the "back and to the left" Kevin Costner clip!
I'm crying 😂😂😂
Is there an award for worst game of the decade
Hoe. Lee. Shit. 😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭
making 2042 look good
Just to make sure, you cannot reccommend this game?
I have this awful feeling that this might be it for Arkane. Deathloop and Prey were great but they didn't rake in the money and Redfall was terrible AND it bombed.
Bit late to the table with review and 30 minutes!
Vampire: "Stop me if you can!"  Mr. Chair: "I got this,Ralph!"
The problem is that if Microsoft DID pull the plug on this, we wouldn’t have the frame of reference of this game’s quality that we do now. The narrative would just change to “big corporation oppresses developer”.
I'm not a fan of the Sony exclusives, but Microsoft games look indeed awful now. No point in a console, all the good games are multi-platform (except Nintendo, but it's portable). The only good thing from MS is Gamepass on PC.
Utter garbage
Arkane hasn’t been the same since that French dude left (the one that directed Prey)
How in the world is this game made by the same team that made Prey?!? Unbelievable. This had no right being made at all. What a waste of time and money.
The 32 minutes I spent watching this was far more entertaining then the 30 minutes I spent playing Redfall.
I’m calling it, Starfield will also be a flop and buggy, and bring down Bethesda. Xbox fans are eating bad atm while Playstation and Nintendo are eating good. Xbox fans will be heading for the exits beyond this year. 😂
So… you did NOT like the game?
I agree that MS having a hands off approach is nice, but MS as the parent company, should "parent" their studios who are dicking around and not doing their jobs. Shame on Arkane and Bethesda for letting something like this come to fruition.  Not even animated cut scenes lol. Boy, AAA be skimming more then just from the top, as usual. Should've used that budget on the game, instead of the marketing.  Also, I apologize to the IGN person. If the weapon cycling is that bad, sorry.  The game is bare bones, the dead zones are horrendous, characters aren't characters, they're just card board cutouts on a stand. No personality. And people still think it was ok to increase price of games and charge $70 these days? THIS proves my point that games still shouldn't have been $60 back then. They should've been far cheaper
Hey man listen it's free if you have Gamepass so there's that, right?
8:03 two minutes.... Covered half the map of red fall
Hallo Today we will discuss Starfield
I have now watched this review 3 times. It is a masterpiece
It’s sad that this game is actually making Destiny 2 look “good”🤡🤡
Really hope we get a post mortem of what the hell heppened here at some point.
Savage.
23:26 First time I ever heard Voltron used as a verb. Had to do a double take 🤣. Brilliant writing mate.
I like when woke goes broke, it is Good: Ask The Gods.
Arkane studios to me are starting to give off M Night Shyamalan vibes, starts off strong with great games and are progressively getting worse
I can’t believe they made a film reel in the game. They had that idea and created it in game along with a whole movie theater. And show stills..on a film reel..in a movie theater -_-
I defeated one of the regional bosses by just repeatedly freezing them with the UV gun and then punching them, didn’t even manage to hit me once.
You aren’t the first person shitting on the cutscenes, but personally I do like that style. Reminds me of Infamous, but even Second Son had a mix of both and that came out so long ago
Glad you mentioned the controls - thought I had a broken controller.  The dead zone is absolutely horrific.  Combine that with a 30fps update, and the fast moving enemies and it's borderline unplayable.  The lack of matchmaking in a co-op shooter is also unforgivable, and the final nail in the coffin (pun absolutely intended).
Sometimes I wonder if developers play their own games before they launch them. Like sure they have a whole team of QA testers right? Right?
Put input sensitivity to low and overall sensitivity to high, another YouTube fixed the terrible controls
So basically the game is unfinished.... Shame man
This is why i stopped putting faith to any western AAA games since they lodt their ways. The only AAA games I seeking is from japanese dev such as Capcom/BandaiNamco/FromSoft/Sega. And I waited half year the least to buy the game after all those day 1 patches done (their games not perfect too but they at least not as half ass as Ubisoft/Actiblizz/EA/Bethesda/etc.) And last year I just buy older games (game that released around 2005-2014) and indie games mostly since game industry starting to downfall after 2015 onward i think. Never preorder, never buy the game at launch, wait for reviews that not biased, and wait for discount if the game is still your liking but you dont like some of it features especially monetizations and multi DRM.
Fallout 76 all over again
Review AFL 23 next please
You know it’s bad when you don’t even want to try it on gamepass…. Thank you for the review! I just got a PS5… and playing God Of War lol
1:32  There's more passion and atmospheres is that one opening sequence then the entirety of Redfall....... Time reinstall Prey I think.
Do not blame the devs. I guarantee they wanted to finish it. This is a management problem.
Modern gaming
Depending on how Starfield goes, I may jump back to PS. Only bought a series x due to ps5 shortages ..
Generic, souless, boring but at least it does not run as bad as the new Fallen Order😬
But but…xbox plebs were literally saying Redfail was going to destroy Sony this year 😂
The best theory I've heard for "how is this game?" is that 6-12 months ago they had a very "alpha" version of the game, and it sucked, and it would take a good 2 years from that point to make it into a quality game, with all the bells and whistles we were expecting, but someone decided "no, this will never be worth that effort, let's just bandage up whatever we can and ship it, then move on to a completely different project." This is definitely a "triage" project, accomplishing the bare minimum of playability, without any actual polish.
RIP Arkane Studios.  Jason Schrier is gonna have a field day with this.
I think we all owe Deathloop a apology after this. Deathloop at least still had the arkane charm and still had some soul to it.
gamepass filler junk.. this is what happens when a studios goal is just to add another name to a rental catalogue than create something  to try and persuade people to buy your product. that lack of effort put in is definitely down to the gamepass disease.. same happened with halo
sometimes I wonder if these companies deliberately make shit games for reviewers to make content
I wonder if MS/Beth will hire an outside investigator to find out what happened. This isn't a problem of too many ideas that don't work together or not enough testing. This is straight up starting the 10 page essay the night before and turning it in for partial credit. There is no way the employees put years of effort into making this game.
Even if this game was the most polished, least buggy game ever, the uninspiring story and leveling, loot etc shows the devs lack of effort.
Looks like trash....
This sucks.
Some of the stuff makes you just wonder: „it would have taken 5 min in the unreal editor to drop a few more enemys here, how can you be so utterly incompetent?“
"I refuse to finish it because if a developer can't be bothered to finish their game then why should I?"
Its a good game
So weird seeing the people who made dishonoured make this…
Microsoft should have canceled this game the day they took over and demanded Arkane got to work on Prey 2. I'd actually buy an Xbox if this were a Prey sequel
Pretty confident the film in the cinema was slides of concept art for what the film was supposed to be.
This... isn't a game.    It's a gamejam idea for a game. A prototype. It's as if they sent an early alpha version of the game to print.      There is not a single thing in this game where I thought, ok THAT looks like a finished piece. From graphics to animations to sound to gameplay.   It looks like 1 person with no prior developer experience put this together in about 6 months, and was proud of themselves enough to release it.   This... is not a game.
So you liked it then?!
Maybe I’m the only one, but I hated Prey when it came out. I guess I should try playing it again because it seems like everyone else here loves it.
Deathloop was the last Arkane Game btw^^
Game has cursor-assist but no aim-assist lmao
This doesnt surprise me. Their last game was dogshit.
So Deathloop got all the budget?
Yikes dude, this is bad...
this is... sad. And a bit pathetic. RIP Arcane I guess
3 hours into it.  I think it’s fine. It’s not a game changer or amazingly new gameplay, but it’s fine otherwise.
The presentation of this review is almost more scathing than the content of the review itself.  Thanks for warning us about this dumpster fire.
Dammmm how long is this game 10 hours 😂
idk man, the people who made Prey did NOT make this game. Clearly
The map looks nice :)
We've seen enough. I have been looking for dev team photos for Arkane Studios Austin and just found a few studio pics that had a lot of mostly empty chairs. Are they hiding their diverse, stunning, and brave creators from the public eye just in case a title [inevitably] flops? They do love retweeting trans people on their Twitter, but no juicy Tweets. Not sure what happened, but it's a shame. Anyways, lots of good games to play, so we don't really need this title anyways. Thanks for the warning, Skill Up!
What is the most mindboggling to me is the stealth attack.  ITS ARKANE FOR CRYING OUT LOUD. If there is one studio i would 100% expect to know how to make a stealth takedown it is Arkane. What the hell happened here?
I considered selling my PS5 today. I WILL not buy a $70 game, when there is dozens of amazing games under $40 on PC
Makes me sick to hear how side missions and liberating/capturing map areas work. That's a Ubisoft level of lazy, uninspired, mindnumbingly repetitive design. This is literally how the very first Assassin's Creed worked. There is no excuse for not trying better. But hurr durr I guess gRaPhIcS have improved over these many years? Yeah, what about f*cking gameplay?
I was playing this with my friends on launch day, we had to close the game and restart it 3 times just to get the firehouse to work properly. The first 2 time we went there it was giving us a instance as if we had completed turning on the power and killed the enemies. NPC's were there in the dark, and the vampire in the basement was visually there but unshootable. This game is unbelievably buggy!
Hard to believe it was made by Arkane. This is totally not Immersive Sim game. They threw they signature features into the trash and thought it’s going to work. Hell, no! Looks like when Raphael Colantonio done with Arkane he took with himself all immersive sim design principles they had at Austin office 😂 His latest almost indie game Weird West has more Arkane style than high budget Redfall from Arkane
Just what everyone wanted. more AAA shovelware.
What "happened" to Arkane is that they aren't the same team that made Prey, that team left to form Wolfeye studio.  Weird West is the actual spiritual successor to Prey.  Don't be fooled into thinking a studio is the same just because it calls itself what it used to years ago when all the people who made it what it was are gone.
This is game is trash and those who say its decent have dog$hit standards for games.   Nothing about this is decent.
you know what? at this point i dont blame the developers for this, its clear they did the best they could with the stupidly ridiculous deadline they were given by a parasite executive that doesn't know shit about game development and just promised a lot of money to a lot of people and surely lost most of that investment on themselves, this has been a problem for YEARS on the game industry and redfall is just making the problem reaching critical point, those wall street sharks need to fk off from the game industry.
Damn. Game looks absolutely awful
It's so obvious this was a live service Destiny-like that got rebooted at the last second. What a bomb! Extremely disappointing for anyone fully invested in Xbox and their promises.
10:58 actually laughed out loud at this, it caught me off guard 😂
thank you for saving my money and time <3
I would absolutely, unequivocally, without hesitation pay 70$…  …for a full Netflix feature 4-6 episode documentary on this game’s production.  Make it happen Bethesda, it’ll help recoup your losses.
I really like the editing (or the lack thereof) on this video. Its very simple and deadpan. Good sh*t, editor.
How do you go from the creativity of Prey and Mooncrash DLC to this?? It is genuinely baffling that a studio so talented could release a game like this..
Wow the diversity-filled globohomo trash is all ideological social engineering and no substance? wow big suprise that the diverse blue hair characters and forgettable enemy design doesn't make for a memorable experience.
I'm so fucking sad that "mOdErN gAmInG" has come for our beloved Arkhane now. Can't we have nice things anymore?!😢
How did this get made? For real.
I'm sure there had been a LOT of problems during the devlopment. This can't be a legit Arkane game that they made and thaught it was ok.
OBSERVE!  MY FELLOW GAMERS! A 70 DOLLAR GAME IN ALL ITS GLORY!
[Intense cry of pain]
I played it for 9 minutes and then deleted it, its not smooth graphics are so bad
This is embarrassing. Arkane have a great body of work stretching back many years. They know how to make good games. How come this is the best they can manage in 2023? I don’t understand it.
The higher-ups must've realized what a mess this game was and made a decision to put it out "as is" and try to recoup some invested revenue early on before word spread about how bad this was. A tactic by these gaming companies that's been done many times before.
god this looks disgustingly bad
looking at some of the game play it reminds me of generation zero. kinda empty with repeating enemies and level up gun finding by finding the same gun but better.
I loved the old Dead Island games and really wanted to play the new one, but I was fooled Into getting this dumpstarfire Instead and I can't get a refund because of playtime. I gave It a serious chance but at this point I logon and I play for like 5 or 7 mins and I legit cannot get myself to go any further, the split second I get the chance I'ma hop on Dead Island 2 and forget this ever existed. God this game made me feel all sorts of things, probs to you guys that held off on buying It.
Lik the borderlands 1 badass psych0s who would miss u all the time by moonwalking😂
I think in the lore there's reference made to truck vampires who are sustained by sucking oil. Obviously this drains the color from the vehicle.
I called this shit at the jump I remember how annoyed I was at everyone hyping it up
The town is not empty. The vampires sleep in the daytime
Just curious, how would you rate Skyrim today?
I thought this would be the game version of 30 Days of Night instead of utter shite.
damn
Xbox please dont release this on ps5 we dont want it
How he taking shit about the game the whole video but paid 70$ for it and put 15 hrs in the game. This point we just have to say enough is enough and stop giving them our hard earned money for a shit game that could've came out in 08.
The game feels like a double A game that underwent a development hell.
This doesn't even sound 25% finished.
Anyone remember Vampires The Masquerade? How did that come out years ago and still ended up being more fun and interactive and interesting than this game?
I don't think that Arcane wanted to make this game. It seems like something that they were forced to make. It's not their style.
Tbh Wolfenstein: Yongblood was the first warning sign. Deathloop was overhyped, that game has weaknesses. But I wasn't mad, because Arkane made good games in the past and deserved some hype. Take Prey as an example, really good game, pretty much flew under the radar. But Redfall is a devastating crash landing. Poor design, incompetence and lackluster execution on many different aspects of the game. It is not looking good.   One issue for Arkane might be that their Studios use so many different engines to make games. And that creates a unnecessary overhead and problems in connecting work force. Since 2006 they used: Source Engine, Unreal 2.5, Unreal 3, Void Engine, CryEngine, id Tech 6 Engine and now the outdated UE4 for this game. What is going on?!
This is unacceptable. Unfortunately, this will continue to happen until the gaming community comes together and puts a stop to this new standard of gaming.
Wow, what a surprise, the game I (and most people with a brain) knew would be dogsh*t and warned people about is in fact, dogsh*t.  I really wish we could learn to not pre-order games and stop buying videogames that suck balls. Anyways, onto the next pile of trash that everyone will pre-order and then whine when it sucks despite multiple red flags and warnings.
For a moment I thought the "Rook strategy" was going to be: 1. summon the Rook 2. find a chair
It’s not a Skill Up video if he doesn’t mention Destiny.
I was actually looking forward to this. I'm not a huge fan of arkane but have played all there games and finiahed them. I'm on ps5 and thought this might be dying light and far cry with vampires
$70
Looks like Far Cry 6 but with Vamps.
Oh lol, so suddenly the expensive suits SHOULD go judge developer's vision. If we read a report that Microsoft shut down an Arkane project mid development pitchfork suppliers would be drowning in money.
14:21 I thought you play it on Xbox...
Damn you tore this game a new redfall and it certainly looks like it deserved it. Dang, I was really looking forward to a good Vampire game… especially an immersive sim from Arkane.
Capitalism and corporate/shareholder pressure is literally KILLING videogames as a whole and if we don't push back against this bullshit everything other than indie games are so so fucked.
The world is on lifeless because it’s filled with the undead you pony
70$
Arkane must have diversified there studio to get such stellar results 😂
The developers didn't bother to finish this game so why should I was such a brilliant line. This video is the best thing about this whole ordeal.
It's almost incredible how we can go from an amazing game in Resident Evil 4 Remake to a terrible game in Redfall
There’s just something about how straightforward of a shooter this game is, that seem very unlike Arkane to want to make. I wouldn’t be surprised if this was their attempt at capturing a wider market because they haven’t had a hit since Dishonored. Im fearful for them as a studio.
I believe there's an adage about prioritizing a socio-political agenda over creating a good, quality game. It escapes me at the moment
I love how there is a destiny reference in LITERALLY every single video. He just like me fr
Legend says skill up put more time into making this video than Arkane did on their whole game
The movie you see is still images. The word 'movie' literally means, 'moving image'.   I can't wait to see Matt McMuscles 'What Happened To Redfall?'
Meanwhile... "This game has some issues but it's tons of fun, 7.5/10" every xbox media outlet
"I wish xbox had some exclusives" *one finger on the monkey's paw curls*
Fallout 3 had better car explosions
Well, time to play prey again
Open world games suck. well most of them
So many reviewers will just say this game sucks and list 20 things about the game that are disappointing. And I wonder if this reviewer maybe just doesn't get it… But Ralph spells it out element by element showing everything element by element. There's no room left for doubt. You're awesome, Ralph.
I just avoid any game with the 'Live Service ' label.   I'll take a Valhiem and Dredge indie gems over this 'AAA' garbage any day.
The game has problems, but a lot of the stuff yall are complaining about was Elden Ring too. NPC simply talking at you is literally every NPC in Elden Ring. Finding the lore through items is all the way Elden Ring. You guys pick and choose when to complain about this kinda stuff.
Gotham knights devs: “man we really dropped the ball and delivered kind of a sub par game we could’ve def done better”  Redfall devs: *kicks door in* “hold my f***in beer!”
I don’t have an Xbox, but this feels not unsurprising and a like waste. Another game rushed out the gate.  Prey has some of the worst shooting I have ever experienced, but it has some great content otherwise…why not build an interesting first person game and then build a multiplayer mode over time? Let Arkane do what they do best. Complex play boxes that allow for experimentation.
Prey was incredible but the opening was especially great.
Damn! Somebody get some flowers to put on the grave Shillup just dug for this game! I feel genuine sympathy for Xbox owners who were looking forward to Redfall's release. Microsoft owes them an apology.
I am not sure why, but i thought red fall was somehow related to elder scrolls. oh wait.. that's red guard..... game looks like trash I expected more out of arkane.
14:20 wow, sad to see the Shroud didn't spawn lol
How was this even approved for release!? This looks like Alpha footage. Pre-Alpha even. This looks nothing like the Arkane I knew. The one that gave you options, choices on how to progress. I loved Dishonored 1 and 2, and Prey was my personal pick for 2017 Game of The Year. How do you go from that masterpiece to this?  As you said, this is one of two major exclusives Xbox has this year. And I have a feeling that Starfield is going to be make or break for a lot of Xbox owners.
Hello beta testers 😂
I almost bought an Xbox to play this game……
Ahh i needed the Botchamania style 'Back and to the left' scene on the vampire tactics oart 😅
I really hope the IGN guy watches this video cuz you're absolutely right we owe them an apology😂
Lad wtf even is this game? Holy shit is it just me or has the gaming industry gone backwards in the last few years? Not with every game because technology is on the brink of doing some crazy shit with VR and AI etc.. but classic gaming has really dropped the ball!  To me it can only be explained in 2 situations 1. The studios are all under pressure and stuff like crunch time (release windows) thus rushing ALOT of the games.... or 2. They've just gotten lazy AF and are just pumping out games to make sales coz I mean what else are ppl gonna play? Think about it I mean even if you stop playing the game the purchase was made and ppl would rather say ahh well I'll just get something else instead of asking for a full refund and provide feedback and complaints... Keep doing what you do Skillz you're saving us alot of time and money thanks Bruv 💯👍🫡
bethesda is dying
Never hype for a video game studio. Period.
There's just so many other good and decent games out there that it's just sad these big companies release absolute trash like this
I love your presentation on this one. It's dry humour at it's best.
Bethesda...worst purchase of all time
Wow..
arkane is fucking over
If NoClip sold a 2hr documentary on what the actual fuck happened with this game (I mean, *Harvey Smith* was a game director on this!??), I think they could charge $70 and we would be more engaged than playing the actual game.
Who made this game? This can't be the same Arkane we used to know.
It’s like going down the road and you see a car wreck. You can’t help but look
Oh wow this game is not fucking done
Now I wish more games like this will release so I get more hilarious reviews from this channel
Geez...how the mighty have fallen
Prey and Mooncrash were fucking amazing. Prey 2 please! Sucks Redfall turned out this way
I question how this game has a 62 on metacritic. It seems much worse than that.
Follow your dreams. There's a good chance you can produce a game better than an established studio!
Jesus. This is terrible. I understand the hate that Gotham Knights got but nobody is gonna convince me it's worse than Redfall. I'm starting to wonder if the Dishonored games were flukes and the studio isn't actually that great. At least Deathloop was a functional game despite being really disappointing for me.
I knew the game was gonna be shit soon as I saw the preview months ago lol
Not the sucking behind a dumpster 😂😂
At this point video games are trolling us the same way movies are. Purchase NOTHING unless it's worth your sheckles.
I can confidently say Redfall is truely a Game of this year. You can shoot You can walk You can do mission You can get bored  you can also uninstall it.  Arkane deserves an award for this masterpiece of 💩.
So the IGN Person took all the shame because at IGN he just couldnt say that the game has such terribly bad controls. That's Karma for hyping every game.
It would’ve been a good 15 hour+ single player experience…but these Xbox games that live on gamepass literally can’t be that…so Microsoft says turn it into a 30-40 online loot experience for gamepass.    -gamepass is not what people think it is.
I can't wait for this to be a "What Happened" on Matt McMuscles channel for how bad this game is.
definitely the arkane "C" team
Arkane is perhaps the most overrated developer of all time. Also, I could care less about their Prey 2. I want the real Prey 2. The one where you play as a bounty hunter in space who used to be an air marshal whose entire plane was abducted in Prey 1 (the real one from 2006). That game looked sick. Arkane's Prey was completely unrelated, and should have been called something else.
Those in game crickets speak volumes
I keep seeing people pissing and moaning about the lack of animated cutscenes but didn't Dishonored do the exact same thing?
Oof, that roasting was hard to watch but so necessary.
The people that decided $70 was a fair price for this should be put in prison forever.
I can save you all bookoo bucks, you ready for my advice? Get vampire survivors instead, save yourself a bunch of money
FO76 is excellent right now despite the rough launch.
Ngl I've played porn games with higher production value and polish than Redfall
This is the most scathing school report on a video game I've ever seen
These devs had to have been forced to make this. The fact that there is no stealth kill animation in an arkane game is crazy to me
I have been playing this my wife and I'm really enjoying the experience with her. However, I would get bored very quickly if I was playing solo.
I have Gamepass Ultimate and will definitely not be wasting my time with this piece of crap….AAA game 🤷🏻‍♂️🤣 what happened to Arcane? 😞 Mr Spencer you need to sort out our exclusives or you’ll be going to see HR and I’ll have to switch to the dark side of Sony 😂
Crab champions really is a great game.
inb4 ten year plan announcement
Does the team that made Prey 2017 still work there? Because they haven't done anything impressive since then.
Man! That was a lot but that damn stealth melee animation had me 😂
the aiming actually genuinely feels worse then dead island 2 which is a game that seems to have added guns as an after thought while this game its the main focus its mind blowing. The issue is so bad me and a friend had to switch to mouse and keyboard to play because the shooting felt so bad on controller
Do you remember when The Elder Scholls VI was announced? Bear with me.   Every time a huge title is announced these days, you get the uber excited gamer detectives who investigate everything to do with said title and the developers behind it. Well, these detectives discovered that around the time TES6 was revealed to be in development and the dragonborn massive went mental for this announcement, that Bethesda had registered the name 'Redfall'. Of course, we all put duck and wrench together and got pineapple, assuming it was going to be the name of the next Elder Scrolls game.  I mean it sounded plausible and it sounded cool and yeah, we all felt pretty smart that we'd spoiled their reveal a little. Not long after this, Bethesda came out with another reveal for a quirky, stylised, vampire shooter called Redfall. Why? Because we still live in the early 2000's and this is fresh and interesting.......no! This game never looked interesting and.....well I was sceptical. And here is where I went a bit conspiracy theory.   I kinda thought that maybe, just maybe, Bethesda had the downright despicablably, immensely big balls to not only announce a new ip game to hide the fact they had a huuuuuuge reveal opportunity in the future spoilt but once we started seeing artwork for this Redfall game, actually make that game. Surely not right.   And with arkane doing this, it's going to maybe be half decent, even if the subject and style feels old hat! Right? Well, now I've seen what they have churned out with Redfall. Oh god no. Nooooooooooo! You know the meme. Surely this IS a meme game that they have released here. It's almost as if Bethesda said 'Fuuuuck! We need a game doing, please. Here's your release window, let's just get out some trash and everyone will forget about TES while we think of something else. Oh and starfield isn't going to be ready for ages so we might as well because....money?'   Jesus, what in the hamster hell made them think this was a good idea from conception to release. I'm sure I am wrong about the meme game thing after having the Redfall name being leaked, but damn, the more I see of this game the more I'm believing my dumb bullshit. I hope you're happy Bethesda. You trip and fall over your own bag of money, lose 10 health points. Roll again?
Welp, guess it’s time to replay Prey
Remember when the only issue with the game was it being online only?
This is such a shame. I'd been following this from the very moment it was announced. I'm a huge fan of Arkane and just don't know how the hell they dropped the ball so hard here.  Unless they completely finish the game with patches (much like CDPR did with Cyberpunk), I sadly won't be buying this, and don't think anybody should. Very disappointing.
seems like the most interesting thing about this game is the coverage about it lol
Dunkey......that you?
Im at the middle of the video and this is painfull to watch. I dont know if ill be able to go trough the whole thing. Fantastic review Ralph, excelent job!
Xbox and xbox alone have proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that they are completely irrelevant to modern gaming.
I am eagerly anticipating Jason Schreier's exposé as to why this game was such fucking shit.  Please Jason, I need to know how this game was made by the same studio that brought us the Dishonored franchise.
I bought the original xbox at launch. I have since bought every xbox because I have always preferred the games, tone, os etc.   After Halo Infinite and this, I am starting to wonder why I bother.
Arkane gets one stinker pass for all the gold they've given us.   God help their sales though, we aint buying this shit.
Dishonored, Prey and Deathloop are three of the best designed games ever. The painterly, 19th century "whalepunk" of Dishonored, the mid-60's sci-fi of Prey and the late 60's, ”swinging London”-esque setting of Deathloop are so, so memorable. Also the level design in these games are genius. Like Ralph said, Arcane-games are sophisticated in a way other games rarely are. It is crazy that they have made this game.
Anyone else just so disenfranchised my gaming? I really don’t love it anymore.
I really really hate the "but Gamepass" arguments. "Well at least I have GamePass" is basically saying "well at least I constantly give Microsoft money every month for a subscription service to their horseshit, as opposed to only paying them occasionally for their horseshit." Basically encourages them to stop giving a fuck, if you think about it. Are all of our releases mediocre/unfinished? Don't worry, you didn't pay for them! (You totally did, and over time you probably paid *more*, but ssshhhhh keep sending us money.)
If youre going to release a co-op game make sure its at least as good As DarkTide or Vermintide 2 and if it is then you can ask for $40 maybe $50
It was only a matter of time when sending out unfinished  games would be this unfinished AAA ganes need to release  with that early access  tag now on steam
When can we start blaming the devs for making boring missions/world and stop putting this all on the higher ups?
A lot of "modern" shooters make me miss F.E.A.R.
You would think with technological advancements, the pandemic boosting sales and so on the gaming industry would progress. But holy shit, it's getting worse each year.
Microsoft has been releasing shit games for a long time now, starting with State of Decay back shortly after the previous gen launched imo. Except for Halo and Forza they didn't get ANY good exclusives. Everything was live service, random crap like Crackdown 3 that nobody wanted to play for more than a few minutes or these multiplayer games nobody asked for because they all do the same stuff...
What a disappointed....arkane is one of my favorites developers, the acquisition of these developers by Microsoft is turning to be the worst thing that happen to all gaming industry, the majority of these developers that were great aren't finishing games or delaying thems or worse putting out unfinished games like this one, I sincerely don't blame arkane or all other delevelopers under microsoft but sooner rather than later these developers are going to be dissolved ....😢 What a waste of great developers
This game had steaming pile of shit written all over it since the announce trailer.
1:35 Did you forget Deathloop exists or something?
this kind of video makes me want to be a youtuber. Ralph is so obviously not fucking pleased with this game and I just want to be a part of that. I KNEW this game was going to be utter horseshit and I stan the fuck out of Arkane. FUCK.
Arkane make great offline single player games. However, these games never make as much money as games with gambling and loot boxes, like FIFA, the most recent one actually making more money via it's microtransactions than Elden Ring has with it's entire sales run, so Microsoft get these great studios but force them to be live service games to try and imitate the money you can make by getting children into gambling. Imagine if Microsoft had been in charge of Elden Ring, it would have been just as much as a disaster. It's probably for the best as had redfall actually been any good then you know those pay to win mechanics wouldn't be far behind.
God even the sprinting animation looks so bad
Are there any people defending this game?
11:00: reminds me of instant kill melee in Halo.
You know it's funny that this game is getting all this hate. But you have a lot of people that are playing this game right now.
This was so good I watched it twice.
You can actually touch the disappointment in skillup voice if you try.
Bashing microsoft for this is unwarranted especially when games like Hi fi rush launched great.  This game was in development for 5 years, Microsoft bought them 2 years ago. Sure they could have delayed the game but I still think it was always going to turn out bad.
4:39 no no, never giving IGN that much credit
Why don't you you tube fan boy idiots cover real stuff and try to make changes in a flawed industry? Example like suggestions, like #1 we only pay 1/2 price up front for a game & pay the balance when it works as advertised.  #2 All games must have a 10 hr play trail, so companies stop deceit & scamming players with pay walls # Can you think of anything that can help ???
Cheers Shillup
3:36 how big is that lathe damn?
A catastrophe? lol could you be any more dramatic?
Wow, this is such a heartbreaker. I was just thinking about what a shame it is that Raphael Colantonio went off to do Weird West and it wasn't amazing, and Arkane obviously suffered from it with Deathloop, but this is another level. It almost comes across like a temper tantrum that they were forced to make a live-service style shooter.
People really need to stop naming their games with -"fall" in their names. Godfall, Babylon's Fall, and Redfall are all awful games, just stop doing it and save yourself from the -"fall" curse. Or if you still want to have "fall" in your game's name, then put it in front of the name or something.
Ralph’s somber tone in the voiceover tells me everything I need to know about this one.
I was sad when I heard that Bethesda wouldn't hire Mick anymore but now I'm happy he was spared the embarrasment of scoring garbage like this. I dont expect anything good from Bethesda anymore.
Arkane it is no longer what it was,
phil spencer punching air rn after buying this tripe
Cyberpunk was pretty good after all..
hey i know the games bad and all but i really appreciate the different tone and format you used for this review. very respectable that you and austin were able to take this and create something unique and high quality
I have a strong feeling that starfield will have the same issues and bad reviews like redfall. If that happens where does Xbox go from here?
Microsoft hitting it out of the park with their in house first party games. Hope no one preordered starfield lol
This had got to be a joke? I've not seen anything as bad as this in a long long time
Great video, funny stuff. Btw, not just Redfall and Starfield are AAA from MS this year. Forza Motorsport too, but point taken. MS has things rocky right now.
Why do game devs feel need to prevent you from pausing your game if playing solo? In a dark souls game thats fine but games like this....
Who would have thunk it
Another Xbox quality banger from Microsoft lmao
Microsoft is buying all these studios, but has no quality control set in place for them. It's absolutely mind blowing that a company with the money, power, and resources of Microsoft and they let the studios they bought up flounder.
What if, and this is a big if.. what if games were good? I know I know. Crazy right? But I think it could be done. Games used to come finished and good.  Let's do that. Let's make Games Good again.
After playing the original Deus Ex as a kid, the doors mechanics stayed with me through literally all other videogames since. In Deus Ex there were very few doors you couldnt bust open. You could hammer away at a wooden door with a crowbar for 5 mins or spend the 5 minds trying to find the key. It was a steoke of genius. And it blew my mind when I realised i could open metal doors of i had C4.
As a fan of the previous Arkane, games with Redfall (and partly Deathloop) now I understand how Bioware fans felt when they released ME: Andromeda (their Deathloop) and Anthem (their Redfall).  Also, good job with the review. It's been the funniest and most ridiculous thing I've seen in a while.
Game is doo doo poo poo
Arkane should be ashamed of themselves for releasing this pile of trash. I know opinions are subjective but this game is a broken pile of crap. So even if you do enjoy the PS3 graphics or ps1 ai you can't play it. It runs are around 15 fps on series x and on a 3070 to which can max out red dead 2 at 1440 at 60+ it barely starts and when it does its sub 30. I'll never purchase a game from these fraudsters.
On the bright side it looks like it has more guns than battlefield 2042. We really have had a lot of stinkers release recently.
Did a 13 year old code this? What the actual hell happened with Arkane? Whose idea thought any of these design decisions were good? What a shame.
damn arkane really fell of since deathloop released
Why is everything Xbox related terrible?
I was really excited for this game 😥
Never even heard of this game?
Just got done with wolfenstien: new collosus and it does the 3:11 thing too. It's so jarring and off-putting, in every game, and gets every npc sounding like a wierd creep.
I’ve heard that these are separate devs from Dishonored. The Arkane for Dishonored wasn’t part of this.
Let’s put this game out onto a tray, nice!
that car explosion was pathetic.
How long are we gunna let the Video Game industry get away this false advertising broken buggy unfinished fuck shit.
if this was a 10 buck mobile game then it would be amazing
I really don't get where everyone gets the game is horrible trash, it's fun for what it is and everyone is just losing their minds about it. Bet you played through the whole game with hours of hours of play time but oh the games terrible and unplayable. QQ more.
I wasn't anticipating this game, but the concept sounded really cool. It's a shame they fumbled it. The idea of an open world town, filled with vampires and houses to investigate, sounds really cool in theory.
Heartbreaking. Arkane was one of the good ones.
What a Great review 😂
The chair is undefeated
Can we all agree farcry 5 absolutely destroys this? I am a diehard Arkane fan. This literally hurts.
As a guy who's been with Xbox for 3 generations now. I may just switch to playstation next gen.
Damn your chair techniques against vampires had me dying in laughter
Game controls great on pc.
Even Ghostwire Tokyo, a game in which the entire population of a city poofs out of existence, has more life in its streets than Redfall.
Rip Xbox
poor xbots this game is now the shitiest game of the year lol
Looks like Redfall is to Arkane Studios what Fallout 76 is to Bethesda Studios
I really hope Arkane bounces back and Microsoft doesn’t keep forcing them to make garbage
The skill of the crow that revealed your location was baffling, this video was so in-depth and so true that it amazed me, I love it.
"Their most supported game ever." Well, it sure needs it! Haha, talk about foreshadowing.
little aim assist? Finally all those Cod and Halo kids that think a controller is superior to a kb/m have finally found their niche then.
My brother and I spent last night playing this on co-op. Game crashed about every hour, soft-locked twice, and 80% of the time was searching for the altars to place those underboss skulls. We cleared three districts before finishing the first mission and fought maybe 50 enemies total.
Get better at the game lol
You’re spot on when it comes to the controls. I could only use a shotgun to kill anything w consistency
The original Splinter Cell had better programming for the enemy cameras than that vampire had...what 🤦
it's like seeing Rare fall again 😢, let's hope Arkane will quickly move on something else.
Its free to play on xbox game pass but with all the negative reviews ive seen i just can't be bothered to even look at it for myself. These devs want our money but continue to deliver pish poor products maybe its time to find a new pass time/ hobby. We all need to stop pre-ordering or wait till they can show us something decent.
this feels like what happens when you dont hire a single QA
Complaining about controls when you're playing an FPS on a controller cmon now
Looks like how timepsplitters looks in my memory...but that was fun
This is so sad...Arkane's games have been nothing but bangers for me for ethe last decade. This is a huge reversal 😢
Your plain title card transitions were great, killed me every time😂
I’m gonna be real with you guys I think prey is a mid at best
Whatever executive or manager that sent this out the door needs to be fired, the bad PR alone to the xbox brand is going to cost them, more than they make back.
This is by far the most deadpan I've heard Ralph start a review, to the point I thought it was a bit at first. My god
Oh lol, I had a mini boss in my cinema mission
Expect either a BAFTA or academy award nomination for this joyous 32:15 of utter wonderfulness.   Would love you to do this as a PowerPoint presentation to Big Phil Spencer.
I like the game so far. It is buggy and unpolished. But combat is fun and it's a looter shooter.
thats a shame, guess ill just go play bloodborne 😂
I actually disagree with your "nevermind, move on to the next game" thing.  If that's the mindset, recall the product and refund people who bought the thing.
This looks like Fortnite tried to make an open world left 4 dead
I wasn't really hyped for this game as I'm not much of a vampire fan(?) and knew my gaming budget would only extend to the Cyberpunk expansion and Starfield. While I'm reasonably certain that CDPR learned from their mistake and will not repeat it when releasing Phantom Liberty, this launch tells me that Bethesda has not learned much from the broken launch of 76... I know they only published this, and weren't the developers but in my mind that makes them more guilty for greenlighting the launch in the state it is. Great video as always, good sir. You have humorously convinced me not to buy a video game I had very little interest in and entertained me along the way. Reverse advertising in more ways than one.
This whole game is the epitome of “good enough for gamepass.” 🤣🤷🏼‍♂️  14:26 dual shock 4. Noice!
it doesn't look half as good as what they showed us to begin with.....safe to say they failed to deliver on the game graphical wise i'm not blown out my seat maybe i need to go up to 8k from 4k to be blown away but I don't think that will do it either...
This review was worth watching simply for the "Whether we wanted it or not" gag. Well played.
Imo this game feels like a so so Xbox 360 game.
Genuinely seems like Atomic Heart breaches far closer to imsim than this
I think it's obvious that this game was partially made by an AI. There's no other explanation.
AAA Pre orders, the new early access. JFC....
I played 45 minutes of the game only to get off and look at Dishonored, Prey, Division 2, and State of Decay 2 to contemplate what to reinstall and replay instead. So disappointing but I played it cause of Gamepass. I can only imagine how pissed off people are who paid full price on this thing.
They should have never made a game like this, let others do mmorpg esc games.
Arkane studio changed it's player base since deathloop imo. So, I don't bother buying their games anymore.
If cars behaved like that in real life, then they would be classified as WMDs.
Thing is it's 70 dollar were getting pretty soon to the AAAA games (I see this as every 'A' as another 20 dollars) and this is a preety shameful showing of the new industry standarts and you could at least argue that the new star wars game (shamelessly bad as it is) at the very least has good graphics and story redfall does not seem like it has anything going for it.
It’s pretty sad to see a game perform below your expectations when your expectations are already extremely low.
excellent extensive breakdown. I was so excited to play this. But after playing for a while last night and today, and then watching, i am so disappointed by the current state of the game. It feels so undercooked and unfinished.  sad that keeps happening with so many games of recent.  i am so bummed.
Is this the Microsoft magic touch? Whenever Microsoft purchases a company, somehow, someway they find a way to screw it up. Luckily Starfield was in development before the purchase so the touch of Microsoft will be limited.
Honestly I grew up a playstation guy, swapped to xbox one after ps3 because my workmates had xboxes but if this is how xbox is going to trend given the hope I had for them, then I may just grab a ps5 pro when it comes out and not look back.
Subtitles are  glitched too. Turned them off but  still there 😂
Rip Arkane. I hope they don’t ruin Dishonored. Either make another masterpiece or leave it alone
Wait. All that trailer and not a single Animated Cutscene? They animate the trailers but not the game itself? Wow...
I might be wrong, it has been a few years since I played it, but why does Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines, a game that is almost 2 decades old look better than a 2023 triple A, 70$ game?
And that high effort stealth kill animation. I like your humor. Subbed. 😂
wait what the actual fuck, that theater had a mini boss in it for me in that basement, I also had no issues with enemy density, I actually got a bit annoyed with how many vamps were around when I was running thru the city O.o are we SURE it's not bugged?
Perfect review 10/10
So basically, Redfall is "Lets ignore everything the gaming market collectively learned in 30 years" - The Game.  Literally the only cool thing about the game is it's Logo with the shot teeth lmao
Did y'all see the the way that explosion looked on that car??? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂. OMG!!!!!! the Lbox series L is killing it with those 12Lflops of power 😂😂😂😂😂
I wanted to comment, but I accidentally shot the window of my car and it blew up :/
HE DID IT, HE MENTIONED DESTINY
It seems you misunderstood the game with forspoken
That was one of the most entertaining videos I've watched this year.
Honest question: What motivation has an studio to make a functional and compelling game, if is going to be dumped in Game Pass and the studio is going to be paid anyway?
From the lead designer of Deus Ex, creative director of Dishonored and Prey... How did this happen?
Sounds like there might have been some willful sabotage here, are these developers ok?
10:58 Just compare that to Dishonoured's stealth kill animation from 10 years ago lol, I audibly laughed seeing that
I was so bored i stopped watching the vid
Thank god this was cancelled on ps5. But that being said only concentrating on Xbox and pc should have more people to do it.
Its arkane who are dishonored now
How can we go from absolute superb classics like both Dishonered games and Prey to this???   Oh Arkane, how the mighty have fallen.
Thanks!! I am still watching…this is so funny 😂😂❤
I'm on the second map, but still booring. :(
Arkane wasn't know for Bethedaing  their games so I put all the blame on MS, I refuse to believe that this being the first actual post buy game had no interference from them, someone must have come down and told them this game needs to be out ASAP regardless of the state because they need something, anything, to excuse buying an entire developer for 7 billion dollars and not have anything to show for it after 2 years.
I am really scared that this is what rocksteadys suicide squad is. I hope not
I'm greatly disappointed with this game. I was really looking forward to it but found it to be lazy and generic. I thought it would be like a survivor horror game but it really missed the mark. Enemy AI is awful. Gameplay is lazy and generic. Such a missed opportunity for environmental immersion, this game has none, especially for being advertised as having environmental story telling. I thought the way it was advertised, you could customize weapons, have survival elements and good gunplay. Goldeneye did animations and AI better a quarter of a century ago, we are on what? The 5th generation of console or higher, and it's the same lazy crap. I hate this fad that everything has to be cartoonish. This game feels like a cheap Far Cry knock-off mixed with Fortnite.
I tried this "game" the movement made me feel nauseous and the film grain that had no option to turn off unless you edit a file was super annoying.  The story and NPCs speaking felt flat, I skipped every cutscene and any narrative dialogue.  I feel bad for anyone that plays this sorry excuse of a game.
So it looks like they tried to do hero shooter mechanics for the characters but ended up totally shooting themselves in the foot. They really tried to become a game like fallout 76, destiny, or the division but had no idea what made those games either nearly die or DID die. (This game is just if fallout and destiny had a disabled child)
I was so excited to play this game. I know we can’t support incomplete games that are patched up later, but I want this game to be good so bad
It's saddening, depressing and utterly disappointing to see such a lazy and uninspired project from a beloved studio like Arkane. I'd really like to hear an explanation from the theme of how the hell did they manage to end up in a situation like this. I didn't like Deathloop but thought it might be an odd one, so it's ok. But man, Redfall is on another level.
Why do I love it when you review bad games
That advanced Watcher strategy 😂
All the best video games these days seem to be relatively low budget indie titles. Would’ve been funny if you recommended vampire survivors instead of this game.
Did this game start out as a Dishonored/Prey type of game and someone higher up went "NAH, lets make a Borderlands clone" so far into the development that both gameplay concepts got half baked and left to rot on the counter?  Cause it kinda feels like that.
"How did we get here?" Great question. It never fails to amaze me when companies like Arkane, CDPR, and WB go from great games to the shit they have been pumping out recently. Don get me wrong I'm sure game development is hard but as these companies have shown before its possible with a bit of thought and care.
oof
Dishonored died for this.
I’m worried about Arkane. This is their second game that hasn’t done well. I know deathloop was made by arkane Lyon but still.   Edit: this feels like Arkane was forced to make this game and they couldn’t bring themselves to give a shit. I wonder if Microsoft is to blame ?
Everything Xbox and Microsoft touch turn to shit.
Look, I'm sorry you've had a bad experience, but lets be honest; the bars the menu's spiting at 19:21 makes it all worth it. That's an Eliminate remix waiting to happen lol
LOL, and this game was $70. What a rip off. Hope they refund half the money to people, because they got half of a game.
My hope is this is the last game from the pre Xbox purchase legacy from all the Bethesda studies. Like all those other questionable live services they did that sucked ass. May we never see another, and may this game be the last nail in the coffin for any more Xbox first-party live service games planned in the future. Just give us QUALITY first-party games and keep up the pro-consumer attitude, because really, at this point, that's all you've got going for you right now Xbox.  Great review as always Shillup❤
My god this game is bad
Redfall is so shallow, no amount of time will fix this game.
Oh wow bethesda releasing a shit game? Who would have guessed /s
Another “fuck it they’ll be dumb enough to buy it” game launches
I haven't heard Skill up this upset since Anthem. Ooooof!
I knew this game was going to flop but I had no idea Arcane could make a game this awful
Yeah but this game is all about diversity and inclusion! Don’t hate on it bigot
Thanks Xbox for another high quality title
You've outdone yourself, this is the funniest shit i've seen from you to date!
"Chair" made me lol
Redfall is woefully disappointing. Video games are severely lacking games that involve vampires. Seeing redfall end up like this saddens me.
I've been quietly excited and hopeful about Starfield as I've always been an Elder Scrolls fan, and despite it's flaws, also had plenty of fun with Fallout 4 (Not 76, we don't talk about that abomination). Now... I'm worried enough to actively convince myself the game will be disappointing. It's sad.
It has aim assist on PC.  Also Starfield will be good regardless because there are enough Skyrim fans and modders to profit off and fix the game.  If you looked at Starfield's combat you know its bad considering how braindead the AI was during the Official Gameplay.
Youtuber in 2029: Why Redfall was a masterpiece
High quality stealh kill animation 💀💀 Dishonored 1 from 11 years ago did everything better
This was brutal 🤣
Crazy, I was really looking forward to some co-op vampires hunts 😭
Oh c'mon, the empty map is not a bug, or bad game design, it is actually a well-thought-out feature. See, Arkane had a little trouble figuring how to stop gameplay while in the menus, so they came up with the ingenious solution that is: "The Empty Map." This modern solution reduces the potential of being attacked in one's menu to near-zero by removing the majority of threats on the map. Now, you'll never have to fear that a sneaky vampire might take advantage of you while you're not looking, because there are no vampires. Badabing badaboom, it is gamer approved.
I mean, this IS Xbox... Is this really a surprise?
I keep finding these people on twitter saying "I'm enjoying Redfall", "Don't believe the reviews" and "everyone is treating it unfairly", dude how low are your standards that THIS is enjoyable to you?
I am sure every time he is saying "I would LIKE to talk about x" he is for sure lying!
I can feel your disappointment in your voice . Thankx for your honor to take the bullet to save us from it
I know someone somewhere must have said this already but Redfall = Fallout 76 on release day! LOL sad
This game looks like one of those games made by a studio where 99% of the senior developers who made the previous (good) games have left the studio for something better or got fired and replaced by cheaper junior devs.
RedFall is the Fallout 4 mod nobody asked for.
What a Gaming Year so far, really sad.
Looks like a bad mobile game .
Walking Backward Simulator: Return of the Asset Store.
Honestly. The fact this looks waaaay too much like Fortnite shows just how lazy this whole thing is. UE5 doesn't need to look like the game Epic themselves have already made and is updating constantly and while I do like Fortnite. Clearly the way they're using the engine is super limiting and it doesn't quite work with what Redfall should probably be.   The emptiness feels like fortnite, the lifelessness feels like fortnite. The gunplay looks straight up like fortnite. Now Fortnite is great and these aren't digs at the game because they're somewhat on purpose. As it's a battle royale game that allows you to build on the spot. You're environments and NPCs don't need to be top notch because there are other teams of human players sometimes terrible bots occupying the space (Also fortnite map is great), but Redfall just suffers from everything Fortnite would've if it wasn't a good gameplay loop because the similarities had carried over except the best parts of fortnite.
Couldn't turn of subtitles either..
It's a shame seeing new IP's fail because it can lead to them not getting support in the future.
MS has been dropping the ball bruv. From halo to this first party MS games have been struggling to make good games.
Please abolish birds as familiars & give us actual dope powers like Dishonored…good lord
why do all video games with a black woman with an Afro on the cover always fail?
Prey was truly the last , arkane became some kind of Homonculus of his former self
I think MS and gamepass are to blame.   And people are trying to say MS buying Activision is a good thing…  Day one gamepass games are “good”….  These titles that go straight to gamepass have no quality because Ms has to justify the subscription price.
Got chills hearing the Prey opening again. Another game that was riddled with bugs at launch btw I had to quit playing it when a mainline quest character disappeared.
That was BRUTAL. All those clips, splendid job! But how the DUCK many press reviews gave this ~6-7 or even 8 out of 10... This is unplayable, shallow and cheap.
I'm still confused about everyone's ENORMOUS HANDS!  Why are they so big?  And why is Jacob a high-tech redneck?
Harvey Smith seems to have only been one half of Arkanes rise to success, but with the departure of Raphaël Colantonio it’s clear he was the missing half to their success.
Everyone in the discussion of this game love to forget about how their last game was death-loop
Dishonored is one of that games that helped popularize the power/equipment wheel. HOW. It's very clear everyone who helped make Arkane Arkane is no longer there
How is this allowed is beyond me!
Not seeing enemies for a few minutes might be the only thing I like about this game. And not to escape the god awful gameplay, just because I like the solidarity and scarcity of enemies in games instead of hordes.
>that intro *This kills the Ralph.*
Y'all need to stop buying AAA games at release....
Did things change because of some launch patch or something? We haven't run into a lot of these problems.  My friends and I have been playing on Xbox and we're not having these control issues at all (other than being a bit annoyed at having to cycle through the weapons). I did notice that the aim acceleration is really crazy outside of ADS, but after adjusting to it it's fine. It seems like the intention is for you to be able to track the teleporting vampires outside of ADS, then ADS right when you go to fire and hit them right in the head, then back out of ADS again after you get your damage burst out. This is especially apparent with the UV guns (that focus the beam when you ADS, and widen the beam when you don't). Also, if anything, the aim assist seems stronger than most games and it feels like it locks right to the enemies a lot of the time. Maybe it doesn't have this level of aim assist if you play with a controller but on the PC?  We also haven't had the issue with low enemy count. Is that due to scaling for multiplayer, maybe, or just a change they made at launch? For example, the theater you used as an example had a lot of human enemies for us, along with a vampire that blocked our vision and had revolving energy shields (like those Vex bosses in Destiny).  It's interesting for me seeing these reviews from people who were overall positive about Dead Island 2, but are really trashing Redfall. My friends and I have played Arkane's past games, so we even still have that comparison to bring our opinions down, but we still immediately enjoyed this game more than Dead Island 2. Granted we've only played for a couple of nights so it might get boring faster,  but so far we've just found Redfall to be more fun and interesting to play, and we've found the main characters to be a lot more interesting. Not to mention a lot of little touches that are genuinely cool, like building trust levels with co-op partners and the characters having conversations with each other based on that, or the different weapon rarity levels making the same gun look really noticeably different, or most quests not giving exact direction and having to explore areas to figure out what you're supposed to do.  It just feels like there are at least some double standards going on when it comes to people's reactions to Dead Island 2 and Redfall, but maybe we just haven't played enough of them yet.
Just palyed a bit on xbox, ran okay..just too childish for me.
IGN's reputation is so bad that we made fun of them instantly instead of thinking the game was the problem.
Just such a tragedy that something so half-baked was made by a phenomenal studio like Arkane. Hopefully they are allowed to go back to what they're comfortable with and just make awesome single player games, because this is just awful.
22:04 - Muh man! 😁  (Too bad this game ain't worth it 😩)
Wasn’t excited for this title but I’m still holding out hope for whatever Arkane comes out with next. Hopefully Redfall doesn’t lead to their studio closure.
Lmao holy shit I lost it at the “stealth animation”
“Catastrophe “? It is no where need that bad . It’s a boring looter shooter with a few bugs. Nothing more nothing less. The word catastrophe should be reserved for games like black tiger. It’s a big disappointment, mostly because of the high standard we used to from this developer.
Im mindboggled how a Studio like Arkane made a game so shallow. Either they were rushed to launch it unfinished or simply they just made a very bad game due to lack of experience with co-op games like Redfall. Or a combo of both.
Honestly, with the state of this game as-is, I'm reminded of the Anthem launch and how leadership shat the bed but allowed the devs to take all the heat.   I can't believe a game from a respected studio could land like this unless the dev teams faced unreal expectations and deadlines imposed by corporate leadership that know shit all about development cycles.
Really feels like they havent really updated their tech since dishonored. And now they are trying to force it to mold into a co op looter shooter? No wonder its so broken.   Sad because i was interested in this game from the original cinematic trailer.. guess chalk it up ad one more deceptive marketing on an underbaked half effort, supposedly AAA title.
The ign play through looked better actually
Skillup sounds like your favourite teacher giving you back your essay which u wrote on the 30 minute Busride to school very much knowing that i was absolute BS and he is as disappointed in your work as u are..
This video structure is so strange. Almost like it's a commentary on the quality of the game. Or is it that Austin is on vacation?  Weird video, cool review.
I thought you’d say for visuals “there are none. Ok now to move on to the story.”
I feel bad for everyone... I feel bad for the devs who tried to make this a video game and probably not knowing what the fuck they were doing, I feel bad for xbox players (this includes myself) because this might show where xbox "exclusives" are going and I even feel bad for microsoft since the Activision Blizzard thing didn't go through and Bobby still gets that stupid golden parachute that we all probably hate. If I'm honest everyone who's played video games in past years probably hate this year and following ones the most because we have been, no are being treated like absolute dog shit or fuck not even people! To any who defends this kind of bullshit or says it might get better Redfall is just another level to the fucking pit of gaming because this is all going to get a lot worse and no amount of defending or saying bullshit will change it.
Ca have been ditching the animations as well stills and no agent cutscense or general speeches in the game. there must be a cost that studios are ditching
You get what you paid for... meaning it's free.
Anything xbox/microsoft touches goes to shit I guess. RIP Arcane.
Amazing what 2023 has brought us
Respect to the commitment to the bit
Not even a little surprising
2023's the year of extremes
This and death loop both suck suck
Starfield is also a Bethesda game, while it has potential to be good, be ready for it to release broken as well. When did Bethesda ever release a perfect game? NEVER.
Yikes - Xbox really needs to show that spending some 10's of billions of dollars on Bethesda was worth it. This is not it
not in defense of this awful game, but there is an ability that launches you into the air that could have gotten you into that window you were talking about at 10:30 ish.
IGN guy playing Redfall was actually a hero in disguise.
Damn Skillup. The energy levels difference shows in this review. But I feel ya.
Where did Akane say this is a AAA title???
I lost it at that stealth kill animation. Everything you mentioned before that I was CONVINCED that people were just overly complaining, After that stealth kill animation, I now firmly believe that this is now completely an unfinished product. Shame on Arkane for this.
Another technically, creatively, and morally bankrupt game from Bethesda.
corner cutting: the video game
First Arkane. Then what? Remedy? Eidos Montreal?
If you don't want to get hit, run to a car, and out the car between you and the vampire. They're too stupid to GO AROUND THE CAR.
Redfail.. 😂
At ~ 26:00 I disagree with the "Arcane should take the L and move on" statement.  What they should be doing is the Hello Games (No Man's Sky) approach. Aka: Shut up, fix the god damn game and make it playable and fun.
I don’t know how, but I just felt a review like this coming from miles away. Ever since I constantly saw posters pop up as ads on websites and even on YouTube, I thought, “This game is gonna suck isn’t it?”
Okay, movies, tv series,  books, games/game ports, technology, space rockets, you name it, are we going backwards? I mean are we forgetting how stuff works as humanity. Me personally - i am nobody, i didn't invent shit in my everyday life, but at least hoped that people in big groups have big brains. Something is fucking up in the background and we start to notice it. I wonder what?
Why anyone would be an Xbox if they own a decent PC as well is beyond me. Anyhow clearly they do not respect their consumer base when they willingly release junk.
LOL! Pure comedy. Thanks for the laugh, Redfall and Skill Up! I guess this is Game Pass quality, it's "free on game pass" after all. Lol no thanks. If Starfield isn't EXCELLENT on day-one, Xbox is effectively dead and done.
Is Jason Schreier on the case?
oh man. that bit about bad controller support is such a huge red flag. we've had a couple bad pc ports, i guess now it's time for some bad console ports. oof.
Yet again, another AAA failure where they shit out another turd that’s worse than most indie games coming out lol
Watching those horrible controls remind me of my time trying to play FPS games with a broken mouse.
I'm delighted to hear someone actually correcting mistakes of public's assumption.  We're sorry, IGN! 😢
Soooo I don’t drink alcohol very much like maybe 3 times a year, my boss was in town last night took me for dinner we ate and we drank, sake, tequila, martini’s and wine.. lots of wine, I stumbled into bed (the spare room it seems the wife led me into now I’ve just woke up) I remember putting my headphones in and listening to this last night as the room span round and around and I also remember fumbling around with my phone trying to get it to play the right speed as I honestly felt it was going x2. Now in the cold (very harsh (ouch ouch) light of day) I’ve realised it was playing at the right speed you just couldn’t get this shit done fast enough 😂😂 another great review man.
It blows my mind these are the same devs as Dishonored and Prey.
This game has all the hallmarks of an ESG money laundering scheme
I enjoyed this, great videos Skillup
Dishonored died for this? Fuck..
How does this happen? Is there some sort of NDA where Arkane can't explain this tragedy?
$70 plus tax
smh..
You know the game is fucked when Skillup's snark is laced with so much passive aggression
I don’t get how games like this get released. they loose money and their reputation . Why not delay it?
Glad that replacing the whole staff with diversity hires really worked out for Arkane.
I get the feeling that Ralph did not like this one.
Just another woke 'creation'. What a surprise
I hope that starfield is delayed and not released in the state that its in, we have seen the gameplay already and its not in a good state
I can't believe this cake from the studio responsible for the Dishonored series and Prey. Very sad.
Can't wait for starfield to come out they can't make redfall run properly and it's a small town its gonna be fun to watch
It's outrageous that they are asking $70 for this abominable game. Even at half the price I wouldn't consider going anywhere near this crap.
Big Anthem review vibes.
How is this a AAA game? Plus it’s $120 here in Australia
I ALMOST bought this game. Thank God for reviews 😂
Thankyou for suffering through this, so I don't have to.
When I compare this to Wegotthiscovered's review@ 4.5/5 , I can't help but think this is one of the best reviews ever written. Thank you, ShillUp, for not being a complete and total Shill.
Funny how I got an ad for Redfall near the end of this video
Hi publishers who are making these 70$ games. Keep it up you're really showing the kind of quality we can expect of these new games.
Arkane has been one of my favorite developers ever. Dishonored 1 and 2 are phenomenal games, Prey is one of my favorite games ever, and Deathloop is such a different take on the genre and was such a fun time. This is severely disappointing and I just can't imagine what happened to get here. I know some people had some capitulations with their previous title; Deathloop. Personally, I thought it was great if not a masterpiece like Dishonored 2 and Prey, but even still, this is just... Wow.
"ABSOLUTE CATASTROPHE"!!!!1111! Jeez mate dial down the hyperbole lol
Meeeh I will play it to see for myself because I feel like your opinión is biased or something. Some of the things your critized are just normal on video games.
Aw man...
I think they made the right game. It's about vampires which and this game is the exact personification of a lifeless/soulless entity. 😂
At this point, they need to add a pvp mode to fill the map keep the ai, and do the BR or Extraction thing.
To be honest, I think we are at the point where publishers just definitively know: You don't have to finish a game and you can still sell it. Just fling out some half baked garbage, after riling up the idiot gamer crowd with some zany marketing and a few shiny, dangling things. I'm sorry that I sound so bitter here, but maybe some people need to know the harsh truth if they maybe want to be treated better in the future.  And no, not ALL gamers are idiots obviously, but I mean come on. We wouldn't be here if stuff like that didn't just work.
Agree on the comment to just walk away. Obviously fix the technical defects, but don’t invest in content support for a flawed game. It was crazy EA kept the Anthem support teams works as long as they did.
This was hard to listen not because it's a bad review but because what is being reviewed is soooo bad.
What a 7th gen ass game
Same folks who brought us Ark Fatalis, Dark Messiah of Might and Magic (the latter of which are both underrated gems), Dishonored (and 2), and Prey. They've really fallen far. I can't help but feel like the pandemic might have impacted why this game launched so badly.
This HAS to be the most scathing review this guys done.
Great review thanks for saving me many $$$ As I WAS, past tence, going to buy 2 copies so my wife and I could play together..
We need Matt McMuscles to do a What Happened? on this one ASAP. I need to know.
Arkane stopped existing after Prey; what we have now is something else, A corpse of its former self. My favourite game studio is truly dead.
It’s the Microsoft kiss of death I tell ya. Every studio they “purchase” dies into oblivion. God help Ninja Theory and Bethesda et al. Let us pray for their deaths under the big M to be swift.
3:08 and 3:26 is it just me, or are the NPC's comically small in comparison to their environment 😂😂
this looks like a ps2 really early ps3 era game
This game should be Free.
Lmao the movie theater mission was glitched. I watched Pyro play it and there was a boss in the basement
Long live channels that skewer games that deserve it.
i will say this right now, this game looks, runs and plays better o xbox than pc. when tf is that ever the case? is it so bad on PC. i played about 3 hours with friends and never once have seen a watcher vampire. also, enemies look like polygons until they are like a foot away and the whole game looks grainy on pc. characters are constantly glitching and  you can even kill vampires with the light gun THROUGH WALLS!?!?! like wtf? theres no way to adjust quality for the game like you would for any other pc game where you have shader options and choose what takes priority with the graphics. there is just one overall option to either select performance, quality, or balanced and i swear it does absolutely nothing. xbox def got the better port and thats not saying much. especially when i was playing with a ryzen 5 3600 and rtx 3060. this game was a real let down. im currently pushing for a refund. just dont buy this trash a** game half baked cash grab.
holy shi....
Can it be considered a "review" if every element isn't explored?
Did you chose to play this on Xbox instead of PC? Or was it PC with controller? I missed that detail in the beginning. There is also something wrong with the mouse aim. It feels weird when ADSing.
If publishers won’t finish their games, I wont even start them. And I was looking forward to this game too.
11:20 * fist punches dude in the buttocks * - "Auuurr"
I have checked the steam page, the game is 70% negative at the moment. My compliments to the developer team.
Starfield is going to be so bad, this game is going to look like Borderlands 2 in comparison.
So....why the HE11 is this game 103GB?!?!
After Prey I was so hopeful for this :/   Very disappointing and unfortunate.
This is what happens when you keep pre ordering and buying games within the first month of release + all the crappy DLC and inflated deluxe editions. 🤣
When we saw the first trailer, we thought it might not be great and wasn't what we wanted. But I don't think we could imagine it would be this bad.
Wait is that pop-in...in still frames??
Did I just see the Schreier-signal flashing in the sky?
ooof
It feels like Arkane is really neglecting the Austin Division and focusing their resources in Lyons. Since the releases of Dishonored 2 in 2016 (Lyons) and Prey in 2017 (Austin), Lyons not only developed Deathloop, but also assisted development on Fallout 76, Wolfenstein: Youngblood, and Wolfenstein: Cyberpilot. Meanwhile, Austin only had this game to work on. Arkane has had a lot of leadership turnover since Dishonored 2, and it makes me wonder if the Austin studio is now basically just like a bunch of other developers' Austin studios, The "B Team"
Oh man... you can ear the pain through his voice. 😣
Wow...i hope space marine 2 isn't a disappointment... cus that was the only thing i was looking forward to more than this game...
You know what, if this is the kind of quality video games Microsoft can publish, I'm all for them buying out Activision. God knows Xbox needs all the help they can get at this point.
This doesn't bode well for the future of Elder Scrolls VI. Ah, after the immaculate masterpiece of Skyrim, I fear the next title in the series will be as bad of a disappointment as the Hobbit or Rings of Power compared to LOTR movies, or the Rise of Skywalker compared to original Star Wars trilogy and prequel films.
glad i just ignore 99% of AAA's
Thank god for Game Pass
At this point, I don’t trust Arkane to produce a Dishonoured 3, I’d rather they just leave it as the two original, good games and not make a third if this is the standard of their work now.
I got heavily downvoted on Reddit for saying the way they handled the game previews was weird, and how most of the wright ups and preview videos also seemed weird. I said this game was going to be mid at best. I had people swearing at me, calling me toxic etc.   I just want to say, I fucking told you so 🤣🤣
I can't tell if he recommends it from the title :(
And they say the reason games cost more now is because why?
The behind the scenes story on this game is going to be so much more interesting than Redfall could ever hope to be.
This release was to secure the pre-order monies.
This is Xbox....this is the result when you continue to support this trillion dollar company who keeps pumping out straight 🔥 🗑️
Is you look in the dictionary under mvg (minimum viable game) you should find a picture of redfall
We did this before with mass effect Andromeda and that game died before being given a proper chance please don't let the same thing happen to redfall let it get a proper chance before killing it
Time to play prey again
It's actually unfathomable that this game was okay'd by any living, breathing soul. It truly feels like a crime scene almost lol. How do you go from Prey to this..? Has to be like a completely gutted and replaced staff or something. It looks like a goddamned fortnite creative world lol
Holy shit did this game come out in 2010 or something? There's almost something nostalgic about how bad this game looks cuz, at worst, a lot of bad games nowadays are painfully mediocre, but still could maybe have been good a decade ago. This is just straight up like Ride to Hell Retribution bad.
Idk i like playing the game. No nonsence just run around and shout shit done. Lol
If you didn't see this coming when it was announced then idk what yo tell you. There isn't really much of a market for these games anymore. And imo this wasn't really an interesting premise to begin with.
Wow another xbox masterpiece PlayStation must be concerned
Looks like a Ubisoft game. Shame
This one's a real heartbreaker. I made sure I saw every inch of Prey and Prey: Mooncrash. Hard to believe that this is where Arkane landed..
Gotta love microsoft - the tag line, 'it's on gamepass' will synonymous with shit game.
When I first saw the game get announced and some early gameplay I could already tell it was not going to be a game I would enjoy. But I did not expect it to be a legitimately bad product.
So, I was considering unsubbing from IGN after watching this, then i realised how bad this game was, what the actual F*ck. ITS 2023, WTF IS GOING ON. How has this become the standard....  imingine being the poor soul who had to review or for that matter, trail this to the public. How embarrassing. What a waste.
Deathloop is the worst game I have bought on the PS5. I’m soooo sad that this studio is xbox only now ha ha, no
When I see games like this, I remember, Crysis came out in 2007 and I imagined how games would look like in ten or twenty years.  Weil, here we go…
That stealth takedown, yo
Why does Phil Spencer still have a job, That man is destroying the Xbox brand. Sure Gamepass, wow great value but look at what it's cost us, Xbox hasn't put out a QUALITY AAA EXCLUSIVE IN YEARS!!!!!! Thank god I have a PC & PS5, But Xbox 360 was my peak gaming years, and boy has the brand fallen since.
Do you guys think paying customers will ever get any protection from purchasing faulty products and misleading advertisement?
This is a fun co op open world shooter with Vampires.  Not sure WTF is wrong with all the so called 'critics'.      From the whining going on about this game i was expecting the worst, and came out really enjoying it.  lmfao.
We have reached the age of the "diversity hires". Buckle up buttacups!
Is this game some kind of April fools joke that got out of hand?
Well, we all saw it coming at least. I hope nobody buys it and the player base es soon gone. So even if they want to keep working on it, they’ll won’t be getting money.  Cmon Microsoft. You didn’t need to rush this. Why not give it another year.
Hey Skillup, just a heads up... still images with one or two frames of animation are called "animatics"
I feel like Microsoft spent a lot of money to make a great and brutal SkillUp video.
I know a work around to make the sensitivity easier to handle. It's only 2 settings in the controller section. I forgot the exact ones,  but one is the number that at 2. Something when you start, I turned to 3.75. And the input delay or whatever the other one was, turn it to low and it should be easier to control. Fine tune if needed, hope this helps as I think this game has potential and I haven't come across a lot of the bugs people are talking about. Everything else though I agree.
Microsoft again buying studios just to ruin them like they did with Rare
These boys got that Elder Scrolls Oblivion AI.
Ok so what you’re saying is that nothing short of a Hello Games / No Mans’ Sky redemption arc at this time will suffice.
Man, that Rook madrfakr was tough to beat.
This feels like a game an AI would make.
prey is rolling in its grave
I'm genuinely bummed that this game flopped. I loved Prey and Dishonored so much that Arkane could do little wrong in my eyes. For them to fall to this... It is just disappointing.
looks like another saint row remake attempt. To be honest as soon as the characters spoke in the trailer I expected nothing less. another diversity over quality nightmare
It was released by (I almost wrote ubistof, but scamesda or what ever triple A studio falls in to the same category) How many times do you need to be scammed untill you learn?
Arkane got frustrated  so few people appreciated the genius of their previous games so they decided: dang it, let's give them the far cry clone they deserve
I rarely believe conspiracies with game devs but Microsoft is trying to make a case they need activision-blizzard to compete with PlayStation and so what would they do? 1) release a banger? Or  2) release this “proving” they need to acquire ABK   It’s obvious this is a business move
Anyone remember that 90’s show Parker Lewis Can’t Lose? It’s getting a reboot, it’s now called Phil Spencer Can’t Win
17:52 Is he talking to you or the chair?
This game costed 70 dollars by the way
Watching the reviews of this game is hilarious...until I realise that it's the latest in a long line of fails by X Box. Man, I hope my X Boys pull something decent out soon.  Also, this is by far the most entertaining review of all the ones I've watched. Great stuff!
Wow it's almost like they didn't know what the game is trying to be or what the game was ment to be
Thank you for giving this trash an honest review, Xbox first party looks dead as fuck
This really reminds me of how much I did not connect with Deathloop, particularly the gunplay.
Did Arkane clean house with all their good developers after Prey? Deathloop was pretty bad but atleast felt like an arcane game but slightly phoned in but this one seems like they gave up completely. Maybe they are making an internal statement with this game?
I'm glad I wasn't the only one suffering from the horrible controls on xbox. When I couldn't even land a body shot consistently on a normal enemy from 10 feet away, I was done. I tried messing with the sensitivity as much as I could, but nothing worked. Utter garbage, this game.
This entire game reeks of microsoft corporate bureaucracy and middle management by people who dont play video games.
How do you know it was Arkane's fault and not Bethesda or Microsoft demanding action games with "co-op" and looter-shooter mechanics?
I'm confused by your disappointment because this is "an Arkane game" with similar reverence I might save for the likes of a "fromsoft game"  . I've always thought of their games as just ok
Folks didn't fully appreciate Prey 2017 and its dlc, so now we get this. To be honest though, Arkane has always had to bend to Bethesda's marketing team.
I watched 5% of this review from Skill Up.  Just from that, I already know that I never, ever, want to invest even a single dollar or a single minute of my life, to RedFall.  WHY?!? do studios continue to release big-budget games WAY before the game is actually ready to play?!  This trend has GOT to STOP.
What a complete dumpster fire…
This Videotitel is also an absolute Catastophe in Grammar
Now all we have to do is wait for an expose on the development and failure from Crowbcat or GVMERS.
Well, time to uninstall my preload for Game Pass. Thanks for making me dodge a bullet!
Prey is still world class game
Prey was great, but very few bought it.
This is just fucking Hilarious!!!! This first 10 minutes were 'Wow, he really hates this game'. By 30 minutes in I was shaking in my chair roaring in laughter! One of the funniest things I've seen in weeks.
I can’t wait to see the Internet Historian video on this in a few years.
Leave it to skill up to be the only one to compare this game to deathloop while everyone else keeps their nostalgia goggles on for the dishonored games.
Wow that ROOK sequence was BRUTAL.  Good lord.
Thank you for jumping on this granade.
YES, RIP IT TO SHREADS lol
thanks for taking the time to make a  REAL game review
This game deserves every kind of scrutiny it gets. It is sad we got to this point. It doesn't surprise me though.
Played the game for an hour, turned it off and deleted it, thank god I didn’t pay for it
I genuinely don't understand how those watchers made it into the final game lmfao. Seems like that was the prototype implementation and they just forgot to make them work correctly
I laughed my ass of😂😂😂
Thanks for talking about that horrible-feeling controls. So many reviews are fixated on the 30fps that they skip right over the controls.
This review has the vibe of a book report from elementary school, of a reaaaallly boring book. I love it, the deadpan delivery kept me laughing.
they dont care what there putting out..there just reskinning old games and selling to us at aaa prices......i hope these companies fail hard!
Got my popcorn ready for the bloodbath. Lol
you know you're doing something wrong when even Ubisoft put more effort into their game
Man, this looks so so bad. I feel bad for all the talent wasted in this, what do we guess we will learn at some point It is all due to the suits somehow.
Fallout 76: part II
You should really go watch Reforge Gaming’s coverage of this game. He’s got some suspicions of why this game bombed so hard that hints a deeper problems.  Good review!
releasing crap like this for money should be illegal.
People like to mention Dishonored and Prey but what about the OG, Dark Messiah? Arkane has such a rich history cementing their trademark gameplay and it's so sad to see it squandered in this travesty.
This is a bummer to see as I love the Dishonored series and enjoyed Prey and Prey Mooncrash. I hope that whatever is going on that Arkane can return to those games because those are games I want to play and would spend money on not another liver service game with a not even half baked colored loot pool. Good review and video glad I didn't buy this game
This could have been a classic laymen video
So what you're telling me is that I too can be a AAA game developer.
I would love to hear the true story behind this game, hopefully one day we'll know the truth.
...and this would become the most selling game this months ....hello...maybe whole 2023😂
Zero faith in Starfield after this crap.
I feel like this game was a sacrificial lamb. Let Todd Howard shoot himself in the foot enough so Microsoft has a reason to fire him. I feel bad for Arkane though.
And the Xbots narrative? Oh but its on gamepass and you ponies had to pay for Forspoken... Do these clowns have a hard on for Forspoken? LMAO they bring it up all the time. And people who didn't want Forspoken didn't buy it. They on the other hand had to pay for gamepass in order to play redfail LMAO. Joke's on you losers 🤣🤣
This game isn’t even in early alpha. It’s years away from when it should even enter beta.  The craziest part is that hundreds of people worked on this, and it required to sign off of dozens of people to launch it
Ladies and gentleman, the games journalist quote of the year goes tooooooo...... SKILLUP!!!!! For the line "If the game developer couldn't be bothered to finish their game, why should I?" Dude I hope the devs see this review, you sir, are a scholar and a Saint! And I salute you!
I'd say Redfall may be worth your time at $15-$20.  It's basically the quality of a mediocre indie title.  Definitely not worth $70 though
Gamepass subscribers absolutely deserve this trash. I fkn love it. How people think something can be both cheap and high quality....are the aids of society. 😂😂😂. Well, aids is Microsoft, gamepass subs are more like syphilis
16:10 nice aim dude
This reminds me so much of Biomutant, in that it feels like a game absolutely *no one* on the team other than the producer and some of the artists wanted to make, and some probably even flat-out refused to work on it.
Average Bethesda game..🤨
This makes me think that if no man's sky were to be reviewed again today as if it were the first time, it would be torn apart because of its horrendous control system that was lazily ported from console to PC and never worked on again. People love the game but I cannot for the life of me bring myself to play it because controls and menu navigation are just so god awful.
Elder Scrolls 6 is gonna be trash then.  Great.
*Microsoft are used to holding 'L's*
This game is awful. I played it for an hour and I turned off my Xbox.
Your best review ever, love it =)
I thought Arkane couldn’t go lower than Deathloop… oh boy i was wrong
incidentally, duct-tape and chickenwire are my favorite Redfall characters
3:36 Honey I Shrunk Joe
but my thing is do you get aim assist in all games. I not sure if that is a bug or if it just really shows how bad your aim really. I mean why have aim assist to make the game easier for you. the Vampires are suppose to be hard to kill so taking away aim assist makes them harder to kill
Wow lol
That review was so harsh it made Yahtzee blush
"But it was made by women and PoC" Yeah fam, I wonder what went wrong there.
Hell yea duuude!
I wrote down the gg strat to avoid the watchers, thank you so much
incoming crowbcat 1 hour video comparing dishonored with redfall
22:10 Bro what the hell, even the Scope Texture is pixelated and needs to load in. WHAT??? HOW EVEN???
Not a surprise how Red *fall* *fell* flat on its face.
Shillup... im sorry you suffered through this game but i loved this review.
You know he is serious when there is no music gameplay montage at the astart of the video....
Perhaps Redfall was developed by Arkane's 'B' team? or probably more explicable their entry level apprentices?
So many games being released in poor shape or are just crap. Maybe it's companies hiring on box ticking rather than who is best for the job.
At least the review was enjoyable
Downloaded on game pass. Played 5 mins. Turned off motion blur. Played 20 mins. Uninstalled.
Also, the movement just feels weird for the player. It's like you're always moving through water. It's a weird sluggishness that just never stops.
WALK AWAY ARKANE! Just walk away.
IGN: fuck ya'll now you'll see how bad this is.
Holy crap. This game is an embarrassment.
Sir, I believe the last time Arkane introduced us to the game it was Deathloop. Don't blame you one bit for forgetting it though.
I would now like to talk about how I can't at all tell how skillup feels about this game...😂
“I discovered another anti-vampire technique which I like to call….chair” could be one of the best video game review lines of all time 😂
Lol, wow... that's pretty sad
Walking back and to the left is tight.
Whata crazy is that yall expected this to be good....months ago when i first heard about this i knew it was gonna be trash....lolalluwhoboughtthis
"I would now like to show you..." "I would now like to talk about..." fucking brilliant.
Crazy part is, I love Skill up and this is the first time I never finished a video of his… I can tell that Shill is SOOOOO bummed out by his tone of voice alone. When he shot the window of a car twice and it blew up, I knew this game was ULTRA ASS-TASTIC. Never will I ever play this.
I don’t understand how they allowed this game to be released in this state
This video works in 60 frames...   Cool :)
steelseries has some shitty keyboards.
Bro you sounded broken through this review.....Im sorry you had to play through that lol keep your head up.
DO NOT  BUY THIS LIFELESS GARBAGE, BUY THE DISHONORED GAMES INSTEAD.
The people who made those great games at Arcane (led by Raphael Colantonio) don't work there any more. They haven't for quite some time. The last games they had any control over were Prey and Dishonored: Death of the Outsider. Wolfenstein Youngblood was co-developed with Machine Games, and Deathloop by Arcane Lyon. This is the first Arcane Austin game since Prey, but the team is almost entirely different.
Great review dude, but the video hurt my heart.
What an embarrassment.
When Arkane makes even EA look like a better company
POV: you get acquired by Microsoft :/
Add another stinker to the pile.  But the problem with this game is it can't be fixed.  Cyberpunk and bf2042 at there core has a good foundation to improve.  But this game is just no saving it.
Is this a single player game or a co op game im confused
not to mention the game being advertise as "Co-op" in all trailer, hyping it iup and then I can't coop with randos, friends only. big fucking upset
This game studio made Dishonored bruh
I think I am evil because every time I hear about a game bombing it makes me happy, as long as I had no interest in playing it, which is like 95% of games. I justify this to myself by saying that I am just happy that some corporate greed probably backfired but I don't know that for sure. It's probably a competitive/jealousy thing.
Hard disagree with the shooting controls, im playing on series x with a controller, the controls and sensitivity are fine
I’m calling Skillup Poppa Skill up from now on because the tone of this review sounds like a disappointed parent giving some good and sound discipline to his Archaic son.
'If the developer can't be bothered to finish their game, why should I." 100% Agree. It's just unfortune to have to pay $70 to come to that conclusion.
I can't imagine the logic behind developing rendered cutscenes for a trailer, but not using them in game.
This is not the Arkane we knew at all, 100% a husk of whatever was there.
What a hot pile of trash glad I decided to pass on this disaster.
Yeah, I’m not about to defend any IGN footage providers based on this alone. They also tried sniping with a shotgun and using a sniper indoors in Metro Exodus sooo
this is sad to watch
That backstab animation from the guys who made Dishonored is just depressing. Ludicrous.
it's pretty crazy how Troika Games could develop an insanely better vampire game in 2004 than Arkane can in 2023.
There is an endless trend to spare developers from the blame given to most badly constructed and/or executed video games. This however, is one example where the developers are most definitely guilty. Any feelings you have for Arkane, this is undoubtedly a poorly made game, and the developers should be ashamed.
Goddamn mimicks took over Arkane and developed this game instead of the team we know and love - this is the only logical explanation
Xbox is dead
Im not even mad, I'm just disappointed.
I hadn't even heard about thua game until my youtube feed flooded w negative reviews. Amazing
Arkane was like: "This will be our Cyberpunk 2077!!!"
This is the most bland review i’ve ever seen on this channel. Literally only due to the subject matter. What happened to Arkane after Prey?
i completly disagree about moving along if they can overhaul this to trully make it amazing again im all for it as long as they dont pull the microtransaction route pull a no man sky not a sea of theves i do love the consept for the game even if i dout microsoft will ever have a amzing quality again
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication" -Redfall in all the ways Da Vinci didn't mean.
All developers do these days is make a product that can barely be called a game so they dont get sued for false advertising
Xbox is aids everybody.
NPC hands are freaking massive 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Damn, this makes Anthem look good
I don't know what it is with recent triple A titles releasing games without basic adjustable settings. 70$ for a game not to have an ADS sensitivity is insane.
Downloaded the game on Gamepass PC, ran like shit and I didn’t enjoy my first few hours so I nuked it.
I remember watching the reveal trailer and being interested in the concept and setting, but God its a failure on every front.
I was thinking how can a modern fps not have a way to adjust the dead zone for a controller?
Shame on you Arkane, for develping something you clearly had no real creative investment in or desire to invest in. You are BETTER than this, you owe us all an apology
This review is a 94 on Metacritic and 98% mostly positive on Steam.
ok - it's with the bird and the skill tree that makes me ask what's the deal with this game? it's unbelievable that the game is so inconsistent, it trembles to the foundations
On a lighter note, I just explored the lighthouse. It's pretty cool looking
Screw you shill up, those 3 trucks all belonged to Rick's repair shop, he got them all from ford and they all have the same oil pan seal recall on them, if that's not super realistic I dunno what is ffs!?! Hehe cheers for the heads up, will defo avoid this one. Ralph, your doing the "peoples" work and saving us from disastrous games, keep it up
I geeked when you showed that stealth kill lol
This is super dissapointing honestly - i know Arkan has it in them (or at least they used to) to make grest games, dishonered and prey are same of the best games ive ever played and its like they just ignored everything that made those games so great and just decided to chase "trends" in the industry like weapon loot and always online
I'm looking forward to the South Park episode in which Arkane and Bethesda rape Warren Spector.
“If a developer can’t be bothered to finish their game, then why should I?” …brutal 😂
Coop additionally is missing features that are normally present in these types of games. Your progress isn’t saved unless you’re the host of the lobby and if any single person disconnects the entire lobby ends mid game.
I pat myself on the back for not crushing that IGN previewer. I just had a hunch that it was the game and not the gamer. Something about the gameplay just didn’t feel right. But absolutely everyone who hassled that person owes an apology.
I never was an Arkane fan but after Deathloop and this I surely won't be buying their games in the future. Of course Bethesda had a hand in this one because they are the kings of shovelwear these days
Change response time to low and you’ll mostly fix the dead zone problem. It took 30 whole seconds to figure that out given how basic the options are.  The game has problems, but aiming isn’t one of them. It’s pretty accurate otherwise!
Bathesda sucks and always sucked. Even elder scrolls and Fallout are extremely problematic games even if they work. They did everything kinda whatever and always worked, but now it not working anymore.
this feels like a game Arkane was told to make and not one they wanted to make.
I thought Redfall looked vapid and uninspired from the very first gameplay trailer they showed for it. Not surprised in the least that it turned out this way.
I cant wait until we get insider info on why this game is a hot mess.
Did you not see this coming when you played the preview? you said it was good........what's changed?
I heard vaguely that Xbox new flagship was a bust but….my god, I’m not even going to mention this one when the boys are teasing each other about our Gaming Alliances, it’s too cruel.  Honestly glad this never made it to PlayStation, not because it was bad but because I would have faith bought this game too.  Damn shame it ended up this way, I thought it looked pretty good.
the non animated cut scenes is a petty complaint, them being animated would add very little to the game experience
As much as a disappointment this game was, I am far more depressed that we don't have the old (2017) Prey team for Prey 2.
I wonder if anyone has actually gone to the IGN video to say they're sorry.
Another shiny turd from the Gaming industry perfectly representing the future. Just missing the NFT's and seasonal membership
Pretty convinced this game was created entirely by chat gpt bots
I honestly don’t know how Phil Spencer has a job at the end of the week. This entire console generation has been a bungle, and this has to be the final straw
I can't believe the map is empty and the enemys are dumb as bricks, wtf.  Is that how its supposed to be, because its practically a walking sim? Makes no sense just how terrible that looks.
Seeing Arkane lose their identity by making a generic game is sad enough, seeing them lose their reputation as well by making a generic game badly is even worse.
What a train wreck. this is fucking abysmal.  Mean while capcom is showing everyone how shit is done.
And yet, no one will apologize to the IGN person the way you did. Sadness. Still, a good review.
Just checked and yep, ever since Prey the proportion of female employees at Arkane have steadily increased. That tracks.
redfall and cyberpunk 2077 are good examples why you don't blindly buy a game just because of its dev team. heck I love all the fromsoftware souls games that I've played(yes, even ds2) but I still wait for reviews whenever they drop their next title(which will be armored core 6).
These graphics look like they're from xbox 360. I'm serious, this level of presentation is 2012.
19:15 it’s a mini game - you have to play the terminator theme tune to win.
Honestly with how many reviews ive seen and now including yours, in the context of the story I really wonder how an entire city fell to the most nonthreating and easily exploited/trivialized vampires Ive ever seen in any sort of media…
Starfield is going to bomb.
That stealth kill with stock sound effect is hilarious
It makes me vomit
What happened to Arkane. I love this company and the games they make. I played Dishonoured, Dishonoured 2 and Prey multiple times. It's like its a totally different studio and what a great disappointment. Was it Microsoft that changed this studio?
Modern videogame development costs keep going higher and game quality goes lower. Gotta love it.
I'm wrong for this, but as a playstation player who fell in love with Arkane's previous games, I'm glad this game is getting shat on.  Boo buyouts.
This would have been a revolutionary game 12 years ago
oh, so far Xbox has fallen it’s really a shame what happened to them what happened to all our good exclusive they had from 360 days they are just a shell of what they used to be
That's what happens when diversity and inclusion is more important for you than the gameplay. I detest this new Arkane, no wonder the founder left.
God, I love so many of Arkane’s previous games, this is so sad to see 😭
Stopped watching during the comparisons to Dead Island 2 and the multiple use of sophistication. Looter shooters and sophistication are mutually exclusive. There's not a single looter shooter on the market that has ever come out that was "sophisticated". They're called looter shooters for a reason. You shoot, you loot, repeat. This was never touted as being like one of arkane's other games. This game has always been advertised as an open world co-op looter shooter.
Hey Ralph if you need to talk to someone you should lol
Redfall is so poor that MS had to run a diversion and announce a developer direct for starfield, just to turn peoples attention away. Have you ever heard of a publisher ever announcing a direct/conference just days after a major 1st party release? Nope, me neither.
People in the comments are so parasocial as if they're friends with Arkane LOL. They haven't been good for a very long time.
Rip Arkane
This is one of the funniest videos I've ever seen 😂 top tier comedy 👌👍
Savage Skill Up is a hilarious Skill Up.
Clearly the worst part of this game is what my imagination did with the idea of an open world vampire game made by Arkane. Think about just how awesome this could have looked and felt. Then look at what we got. Laughable.
This entire game is a parody
My man said the cut-scene budget was spent on the trailer 😆 🍻
Meanwhile....I am here enjoying my GOW 2, Horizon 2, and geeked for everything else I get on my PS5
All of that for just the price of fourteen Vampire Survivors.
I can't be the only one to have gotten unexpectedly sad at "Whether we wanted it or not"
great review, glad it was on game pass so I didn't buy it lol =) wife played it for a couple hours last night and gave up. we couldn't handle the low fps on the series X either, but even with 120 fps the game would still be trash
FYI.. The "dead zone" controller issue you mention is because the "input response" setting needs to be turned to "low"... That is basically the equivalent to "turn acceleration"..... It's on "mid" at default.. Needs putting on "low"
My first Arkane title was Death Loop and after playing it on Game pass I was planning to also check out Redfall but I think I will just play Hi-fi rush instead. Great video has always.
That was quite the thorough systematic shredding of a pile of crap videogame.   Man, I can't wait for Jason Schreier or whoever to find out what the hell happened with Arkane and write down a detailed article about it.
This is a meme game Arkane made just to troll Microsoft.
Lmao another failed Xbox exclusive love to see it
"Hmm, what kind of soundtrack would enhance the atmosphere of our game set in a spooky vampire infested New England fishing town? Oh I know, trap beats. Perfect." 🙃
Oof...
Duke Nukem 64 has better AI
Smh my head Arkane. Very ungood.
I'm sorry that you had to go through this and thanks for making it entertaining.
Steel Series does indeed make some good stuff. I bent my SS Apex 5 keyboard, and not only does it still work, the lighting does too. Good showing, lesser keyboards would have just snapped.
Sounds like maybe Arcane is missing a certain Raphaël Colantonio.
Looks like Microsofts plan to just buy massive studios and make them exclusive to xbox is going well.
Wow this is crazy. One of the most important studios under Xbox pumps out trash like this. I have so much regret right now for buying an Xbox
lmao console plebs
Yes, just walk away.
Bruh , the title skillup as no chill 😂
Ouch.
This game is a clear example on why gamers need better refund capabilities. If you bought a drill from home depot and it barely functioned you can take it back for a refund right? Games should be no different. The very fact that gamers don’t have good refund capabilities is one of the reasons why companies like EA, and Bethesda are cool with releasing games in this state. Because they already got your money and by the time you’ve played enough of it to realize that it’s factually bad it’s too late to get a refund. Disgusting.
Brutal 🤣
Everyone, go replay Prey. Just played it a month ago. It's still quite the bop, I tell you hwat
Dishonored is one of my favorite games of all time so seeing Arkane at this state is ... sad. Dishonored 1 and 2 are, in my opinion although I'm perfectly ok with disagreement, borderline masterpieces. Prey, amazing as well. Deathloop was ok but nothing amazing. This... this is just pathetic and I don't know whether its Arkane, Bethesda or Microsoft to blame.
This game and the whole Halo Infinite fiasco makes me question the entire "Microsoft has a hands off approach towards developers" narrative. Business-wise this game was THE exclusive to fill the void XBOX got into during the past 3 years, so I doubt Bethesda/Arkane had complete freedom on the vision for the project and the development timeline. Another possibility is that Redfall wasn't meant to be a triple-A, but a live-service product of smaller scope, but with the whole acquisition and lack of titles from MS things took a turn mid development. Anyway, its sad that this is what we ended up with. Great review as always!
more and more trust erroded. Not much left anymore. What an Industry.
Evil Corporate Overlord: Outsourcing has reduced labor costs...how about...Yes! NoSourcing!  Fire the animators, testers and writers! /evil cackle.
Great, another disappointing coop like back 4 blood. As a long term Xbox fan I'm eyeing the PS5 more and more. Hell I've been on my switch more than on my Xbox recently.
Unreal..
Well that’s the end for Arkane. I suspect the A list talent responsible for their previous games quietly existed while we weren’t looking.
I’m so glad gamepass exists, saved me $70 alone off this one title, which pays for 7 more months of saving money from these unfinished games.
I don’t even know why I’m blown away by this. But, damn, this is egregiously bad.
How many generic zombie/monster shooter does this world need?
They better sort it out because next up is spiderman 2
that stealth kill animation 😂
Not sure if MS had any influence over Redfall but it just seems timely that Redfall came after their acquisition and does not reflect the studio's typical quality.  Combine that with the mishandling of Halo Infinite's launch, MS's PRIME franchise, I wonder how a MS Call of Duty would behave. The high bundle prices, pay to win DMZ and Blackcell Battle Pass in a Battle Pass is bad... I can't imagine MS handling COD any better.  Activision still needs to definitely have big change though but MS may not be the savior some people hope them to be.
Also what difficulty did you play it at?
Well I WAS going to drop into the comments to ask about the Steam Deck performance because it looked like a good 'hang out with three friends who have decks and play together' but not only does the game look too rubbish for that, I also don't have three friends 🤷‍♂
Conspiracy theory time; the devs intentionally sabotoged this game so they can go back to making focused single player immersive sims.
This looks like it could be made in far cry 5’s map maker
I barely can stand AAA games that get decent reviews nowadays... maybe I should try this lmao
I’m fine with the lack of resource consuming cutscenes.   What I’m absolutely NOT fine with is crappy enemy ai or other janky physics. Xbox leadership must get this game fixed up eventually. If it stays a mess then that’s a bummer.
Looks feckin SHITE!  Not even worth the download on gamepass😂  Still comfortable with the value proposition however of gamepass.  Been playing Sea of Thieves A LOT and enjoying Atomic Heart currently.
"if the developer can't be bothered to finish up a game then why should I" That's exactly what I think. It's become too much an ask to have our products complete, at a reasonable price -that we can afford- and not published by money-crazed villans. IS IT TOO MUCH? Yes.
deathloop was not a good game either lol. was so extremely boring, they paid for the review scores and awards
I am genuinely curious how some people enjoy it. If its their first game or you genuinely dont have any vampire video game to play, I know that feeling and feel bad for you, but if you played better games for 30 to 60 dollars, and somehow still enjoy this 70 dollars game that plays worse, runs worse, has brain dead AI, simpler missions, multiplayer breaking on ocassion, then well...
damn its a fucking scam even tho its on gamepass
theres literally an animated cut scene straight after the 2d intro....
Dude you teally didn't like this, i could hear it in ur voice in the fitst 10 seconds. Hell i don't even wanna keep watching...but...it's almost funny how uninterested and negative you get about the game...i luv u dude🤗
I was really rooting for Microsoft, and I still am, but they’ve proven time and time again that they can’t deliver. I hope they figure it out but for now I’ll go back to playstation
This is a full price game. WTF happened? Dishonored and Prey are so great.
Last thing i remember from Arkane is the Clockwork Mansion in Dishonored 2. Absolute masterpiece in level design. How the fuck did we end up here???
So the vampires are explained with science, but some of the player characters have unexplained supernatural abilities? Every detail of this game is baffling.
Not sure how they could screw aiming controls so badly. Even in the video you can see the insane deadzone.
"post it notes stuck to fridges doesnt equal proper story telling" ok now that tell to all the Elden Ring/fromsoft fanboys who think reading a weapon description is good story
I'm glad AAA companies aren't intelligent enough to make their first $70 games fantastic, otherwise we'd more easily accept the price point. Instead they release the worst, most broken, most uninteresting games that we wouldn't even buy at $60.
If this doesn't scream bethesda in any language known to man. Fucking Arcane man, those guys made Bioshock2. Think only of quest and map design, in what fucking reality are we trapped that a 2010 game shines in comparison
3:58 my jaw hit the floor. Absolute shambles for a AAA game after 2010
If I'm the head of Arkane Lyon, I'm phoning Phil Spencer and demanding Arkane Austin be renamed. Xbox Austin or Bethesda Austin. F me, Carry on Austin would be more apt.
Budget gaming baby
So the whole "if you would have told me this was bugged" thing is actually spot on I'd noticed exactly what you're talking about long stretches of zero enemies on screen but once I heard enemy dialogue during said stretch it WAS because it IS bugged all the enemies are deloaded for no reason whatsoever if you fast travel or kill yourself and respawn they'll appear again and this happens so often that it almost feels like a feature.
This does make me super curious about Starfield. I'm now willing to bet that it's going to be a God awful mess at launch. I very much doubt they even have the frame time/frame rate issues fixed from the first big gameplay trailer.   Then again, it's a Bethesda game so I'm not sure if we should blame Microsoft for the coming bullshit from that one.
Yeah friend of the channel alright. Nothing to do with the money they paid you to read that, yeah?
I know Ralf is more of a fair, wholesome type of reviewer but I prefer this Lamon Gamon era version of him where sarcasm reign supreme.
i told yall a year ago how bad this game was going to be. It was so apparent from the first gameplay trailer.
Dang, of all the games that he’s ripped recently, this has been the most brutal
It's Bethesda.  If you're not smart enough to avoid them like the plague they are, YOU DESERVE REDFALL. You deserve F76.   Period. They are an evil, BAD dev. You get what you deserve for giving them money.
this is a rushed game.... through and through
"There's no ads sensitivity setting..." I'm sorry, what? How did a shooter get made without this setting?
Great review. In almost every interview and lead up to launch, Harvey Smith seemed so optimistic about the game and how there will be something for longtime Arkane fans as well as newcomers, solo players and co-op groups. I'm saddened to see that this is the state of the game at launch. You're right, you don't go from the A-tier Prey Mooncrash to this mess without something having gone terribly sideways during development. I'm even more shocked that the team felt this way okay to launch in this state and not delay it to fix the core problems. Maybe they too just decided to cut their losses and move on to the next game (but their commitment to long-term support indicates otherwise). Sigh.
Thanks Skill Up, looks like big bucks Bethesda and Arkane Studios got together to produce a pile of tripe. Redfall can stay at $70 as I won't buy it, even a discount wouldn't help.  The way things are going for Microsoft they won't have another console to offer anyone when the PlayStation 6 arrives,  If Bethesda make Starfield suck as well then it's game over.
Sorry ign guy!
It's surprising to see this game come out so poorly when Arcane has only made banger after banger. It might be the fanboy in me, but I suspect this has more to do with Microsoft or Bethesda.
At first I was like "Meh, yeah I know it's bad" but then I was like "I want to see how bad this gets".
Man the level of fail for this game is unreal
I wasn't even remotely interesting in buying this game and yet this review is so hard to watch, wow.
I need the Jason Schreier scoop on what the hell happened lol. Love Arkane, but Deathloop and Redfall did not hit for me at all.
HEY EVERYONE, PSA FOR YA  If you mess with that "Input Response" setting that SkillUp mentions and turn it to "Low" i found that it made aiming less difficult and smoother.  Its almost liking messing with mouse acceleration but for a controller? Its baffling to me, but then it should allow you to have a slightly better time with combat and tweak your overall sensitivity as much as you want. Good luck all who continue playing this, hopefully you got it theough gamepass and didnt pay for it
How does the shooting feel so crap when Deathloop didn't?
Man, must feel really bad to be among that group of people that for years bought Xbox hype only to now see that their exclusives are this bad.  Oh well, back to VR on the PS5. (⁠＾⁠ ⁠〰⁠ ⁠＾⁠)
If you want a laugh, go to Metacritic and look at the reviews from professional reviewers. The worst was 4/10, but many were 6 or 7 out of 10. Then there are even a few 9/10 reviews calling it a masterpiece, yada, yada. Then you look at the user reviews and they are almost all like this video review.   This is why Skill Up is building up their subscriber numbers. This a professional-level review by someone with the heart of an average gamer. As for those other critics, well, it's obvious that most of them are not willing to bite the hand that feeds and give an abysmal game a review that reflects that.
If you're expecting for starfield to be anything other than a train wreck, you're fooling yourself.
Great review, went in-depth about the flaws of this game and how unfinished it is..
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH IT PISSES ME OFF SO BAD THAT VIDEO GAME COMPANIES ARE TRYING TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF US LIKE THIS!!! THEY WANT US TO PAY 70 DOLLARS FOR THIS!?!?!!?!?!? ARE YOU FUCKIN SERIOUS!?!?!?! WHOEVER PAID 70 DOLLARS PLEASE GET YOUR MONEY BACK ASAP. IM SO SORRY YOU GOT SCREWED. WE, THE CONSUMERS, NEED TO HOLD THESE COMPANIES ACCOUNTABLE LIKE PEOPLE DID WITH CDPR AND CYBERPUNK 2077. SOMEONE SUE THESE FUCKS! WHAT PISSES ME OFF THE MOST IS THAT THE DEVS KNOW THEIR GAME IS A PIECE OF SHIT!!!!!!!!! YET THEY ALLOW IT TO BE RELEASED. I BOUGHT DEATHLOOP. IT WAS ALRIGHT. NOT GREAT BUT NOT BAD. I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER ARKANE GAME AGAIN. NEVER. PISSES ME OFF BAD. F YOU ARKANE, F YOU.
So far, lots and lots of cheap complaints about aspects that aren't fundamentally bad.
As a massive Destiny fan for going on 10 years now, as soon as I heard your naritive complaints I knew that comparison was coming...
It sucks that shit like this gets pushed out but gotta admit the rants about them are damn entertaining lol.
My favorite part was when snipers start firing on me, so I jump behind a bush, and use my guy's wallhack crow ability to keep a bead on em, thinking i now have the advantage since i can target them from behind the bush, but they cant see me... Nope. They keep doming me through the bush, and i die. Guess i should have expected it after all the times enemies tried to shoot through the floor and walls to hit me.
Dont worry they’ll fix it later
Clearly this review is more entertaining than the game itself!
Bethesda is so garbage, can't wait to see the mess that Starfield will be 😂
Why put arcane to work on an fps multyplayer game?
And I thought the imput lag was some sort of problem with my console or tv, im glad its just this game's issue....
I’m calling it. Starfield gonna be delayed until next year as Microsoft go into full disaster control mode. They simply cannot afford another terrible, buggy launch for their brands sake.
I'm surprised to the fact that people didn't see this coming.
0:50 so they like Division’s memory fragments we find all over the city.
Big oof
Look at ShillUp playing with his prey xD
Remember when IO had to do cutscenes like that for Hitman 2……It was because they ran out of development money to finish the cutscenes. What’s Arcanes excuse?
Having now watched three reviews, I can confidently say that this is the worst game ever released in the name of a AAA title.  It's as if it needs another year of development but nobody could be arsed to continue.
27:27 Redfall is now what we expect out of a Microsoft game?  Why isn't Hifi Rush now what we expect from a Microsoft game?  Why isn't Forspoken what we now expect from a Square Enix game?  You're better than this circlejerk bullshit, Ralph.
Here to say love your vids skillup but noooobody owes that IGN player an apology lol he was terrible not just for the aiming
Why have I been waiting for this review lmao
xbox lol
I never got around to finishing Dishonored 2 or even starting Prey so now seeing how much of a disappointment this game is I'm just going to go play those instead. Saves me time and money for renewing Gamepass lol.
you know it's a bad game when a reviewer tells you to apologies to an IGN reviewer for crap gameplay
Well, at least they got the vampires mortal enemy correct... The chair
How mighty have fallen. One of my fav developers ended like this.  Their previous game, Deathloop, was pretty meh, it was a red flag telling something is wrong with this studio, but this Redfail shit is just unacceptable. Im sad and angry at the same time.
I used to be a Bethesda fan like you, then I took a stake to the heart after playing Redfall
IGN Person right now: VINDICATIOOONNNN!!!
I've literally only just heard about the game the day it released.  Watching videos like this is surreal.
12:29 Every time you fire the gun while ADS the gun clips through your view, letting you see inside the gun. That’s amazingly poor QC.
Saw this coming a mile away, Deathloop was mid as hell too.
I love how there is no music or shiny editing in this review video, to signify how bland and boring the game itself is!
I believe the name "Redfall" is wasted on this piece of... The trademark should have gone to the next Elder Scrolls.
Its been past time for people to call microsoft out for quality. DOA everything they do. Uninspired, undemanding and mid, as always.
For real though, this has to be an intern project right.... right?
Wow, this is beyond sad. Microsoft may have bitten off way more than they can chew. Just because you can spend multiple small nations’s GDP combined on studios, doesn’t mean that it becomes a good buy or that they know how to manage it.  Honestly, there’s no one more to blame than the upper management. I have to believe that the devs at least tried to fight back and delay the game. This…. This is just sad.   Great video though, haven’t laughed this hard in a while. Aces! 😂👌🏿
This is embarrassing for Xbox and Arkane. I could play it for free on Gamepass and i still dont want to
this why you only play shooter games on pc and RPGs etc.. on a controller
This game is real?
Ah speaking of AAA games. Good o'days that we bash TLOU2 just because of a character died.
The regression is real these days
Even the Saints Row reboot looked more competent than this.
Did my high school group project work on this game?😂
Something I'll never forget back when I played prey 2017 if i remember correctly I came across this room locked from the inside I had no idea how to get in there for ages I could see through a crack in the window a switch on the inside to unlock the door but no idea how to reach it. I then remembered I had  a toy gun that fired foam bullets, completely useless against  enemies but worked perfectly at shooting that switch, I'll never forget that moment. So what the hell happend here.😢
I'm glad they made this game.  So you could make this awesome hilarious video.
Can we talk about that head tracking @ 16:16 Shillups got skillz!
I feel your pain. As an Arkane fan, it must've been brutal and disheartening having to review this garbage.
Heh, I was entirely expecting Redfall to be bad, just not this bad.
I don’t want to hear how it’s all the publishers fault this time, some of this stuff is directly on the devs
😢
Yeah, you'll definitely be doing a review like this one for Starfield too when it comes out. Bethesda turned to utter junk as a company when Fallout 76 came out.
For someone who put dozens of hours into the Dishonored games (Including death of the outsider) its so unbelievable sad to what happened to Arkane Studios. Like what the hell even is this
Holy shit this really is a F76 moment 😅
Holy shit this game is a fucking trainwreck - played the frist two missions, worst time ive ever had😅
I just need to know WTF happened. How did Arkane and Microsoft think this was a game worthy of being released to the consumer?
At around 8:40 I got a bed ad
Oh how the mighty have fallen...
10 year old game for £70 ..NO THANKS
There is nothing to suger coat here. Just wanted to add that the bosses can be harder. You just happen to have chosen the most broken character of them all. He is the best in slot for: Damage, stealth, speed, utility and up-time. So basically everything except for healing... Which just is another negative: Balancing in the game is not existent.
I remember gamers wen the trailer released: "This game looks sick bro!!! Next gen its amazig"  Honestly is not a failure, its a success, millions of pre purchases from idiots, but the game its just a quick and cheap pre build assets empty shell 😂😂😂😂  Enjoy your "next gen gaming" plebs hahahaha
Xbox this is unacceptable!!!!
Man, going from Dishonored to this is fucking PAIN. Hope Arkane can get out of whatever rut they are in or was imposed onto them.
This just makes me sad as I am a huge fan of Arkane. But I absolutely agree with you Ralph there must be some thing about the story that we’re missing just based on the studios past work alone.
Tin foil hat theory: Microsoft knew and let it go this way to give the boot to few C-Levels at Zenimax. And did not the deal include financial performances milestones to hit for Zenimax in any way?  Note: I know it’s dumb, it’s a tin foil hat theory
The best thing that could happen to Jedi survivor, is red fall coming out a week after because it seems to have taken most of the heat from JS lol  also, Xbox feel bad :/
All is fine just make the video 15 minutes long.
The best part of this game is the part all the way back a few years ago when we learned that Bethesda trademarked "Redfall" and everyone assumed that was going to be the subtitle of Elder Scrolls 6. We never reached that peak of hype or quality again....
Everything you mentioned is spot on. The studio let the gamers down with this overhyped game. Like many gamers, I expected much more in a "AAA" game by a big name studio like and Arkane. If felt like a quick cash grab with not a lot of effort for the overall cost.
Man. If both shitty games and shitty ports keep coming out independent reviewers are going to become absolute savages.   Don't ever change Ralph. This was informative. I'm sorry you had to play this game too make it
Playing on GamePass? Its fun.  Paying $70? Scammed…
I'm betting that Starfield is going to be absolutely awful. The footage they released a while back was just terrible, I cannot believe anyone looked at it and though it looked good.
“Forza Motorsport isn’t AAA.” - SkillUp
The slow, methodical evisceration of this game over the course of the run time is more cutting than a 1000 hours of screaming could ever convey.  The disappointment on display has ensured that I will never touch this game.  I cannot believe this came from the same studio that made Prey and Dishonored.
I legitimately was shocked at how bad this game plays. How are you going to make shooting feel awful when it's what you do 90 percent of the time? Baffling.
i think anyone couldve seen the writing on the walls but damn thats a disheartening title!
I say goddamn, it feels good to be vindicated. Been saying for months this was going to be hot garbage. Surprise, surprise im right again. Its my curse
i mean all the criticism is the same for all arcade games, just that the good stuff from dishonored is gone because its guns now and the linear level design is gone and theyre obviously just not good at guns and open worlds.
Looking forward to Schrier's inevitable expose on this shitshow. In the meantime, I'm off back to BallisticNG.
Y'all keep buying trash games..... They'll keep making them.
I was waiting for this
But it has a black woman with a purple afro.
I actually liked Death Loop. I dunno what the hell happened with this game though. Getting some EA vibes with Microsoft and the studios they now own.
This makes me worried for Starfield...
This game would be shit if it was released on ps3
We live in a timeline where the Dunkey Video got uploaded to Skill Ups channels.
Open World Games need to die. AAA companies can't seem to handle them responsibly.
Another day another L for Xbox
Great review......just another shit game release ...I can't believe all the crap that's been coming out....why bother even  getting a new console for this shit!
Lol at at less than 2 minutes skill up forgets, or intentionally disregards deathloop; my man
Why is the micro-pipette at 3:13 more of a macro-pipette. That thing's made for giants!
This is utterly shameful !! I really want to know what happened I bet developers walked out and quite
I mean... It's a Bethesda game. If you had high expectations then that's on you
Yeah, ever since that cgi trailer the game just didn't appeal to me. And the marketing certainly didn't do a good job at portraying it as a big game. I wished I was wrong since a good hero looter shooter is something we haven't gotten in a while from what i recall.
And I just learned even worse news about the game. The wonderfully talented Yuri Lowenthal is one of the main characters “But shouldn’t that be a plus?” No. Because now when i hear him i’ll always have flashbacks to vampires stuck behind cars.
This game being a Day One Game Pass title makes so much more sense now.  Because nobody in their right mind would actually buy this garbage willingly.
Things like these are a proof of broken management system of capitalism, where money decisions and the fact of a "timely release" is above the product, above the user experience and developer ownership of this product. Developers do not own the software anymore, it is owned by finance oriented management that has no idea how to make things. "We need to release something, so release whatever you have" is, unfortunately too often of a situation with software nowadays in general. This is another reason indie games nowadays have higher quality than any AAA release. Indie dev company can only survive if people play their game and like their game. And they can only do that if that game is good and their friend told them about it, not because they have millions of dollars in marketing brainwashing people to believe this is going to be a hit.  None of this is a fault of Arkane imo. I am sure they feel absolutely horrible releasing this game and listening to all this aggressive feedback. They were obviously forced to do this.
Higher ups are killing these games for devs because there’s no way the creative minds of Prey and Dishonored + Deathloop made this bs.
This review highlights just how worthless this turd is better than any other review I've seen. I was planning to give this a shot, but it looks abysmal in almost every respect. How sad that Arkane is reduced to this. It looks like the studio we loved has gone for ever, because Death Loop wasn't great either. Someone at Bethesda or MS needs to come out and explain how they could allow this mess to happen. Shocking.
whats the game called that the helicopter scene was from?
my friends on xbox could not even play the game due to motion sickness / poor performance
An excellent but completely warranted brutal review… it really is a bag of shit.
I find it hilarious that the video is like a list, and you are flatly voicing it without feeling.. it is the perfect representation of this game it seems.
Microsoft even made Halo Infinite borderline garbage and woefully unrewarding to play. They need to seriously get their shit together.
"The cost of development has increased, the whole AAA industry will now ask for 70$ instead of 60$ as a standard."  Proceeds to publish garbage, protests ensue. *surprised pikachu face*
At least this should make juicy content for the "Death of a Game", "The Tragedy of", and "Wha Happun?" series.
The game i can play, but i said months ago it was gonna be another Xbox first shooter flop
I'll stick to my offline games.
This game looks like a game that was made to run at 240hz.
This is so disappointing to see. Dishonored is one of my favorite games (and in my opinion, one of the best immersive Sims). Prey is amazing. Deathloop had some problems, but was fun and engaging nonetheless. What happened here? it truly doesn't even feel like the same studio.
Just play borderlands
Looks like my decision 4 years ago to sell my Xbox for PC parts is still paying off.
Seems like if it had another 2 years of development it may have been really good to play
Microsoft will be the death of Arkane
If these used unreal 5 and made it more realistic it would of been better
I played Redfall for about two hours and uninstalled. Even if it launched in a perfect state, the gameplay is boring & the AI is truly abysmal. I had never played Prey, so I gave that a try & played for about 7 hours last night. I really hope Arkane can return to form after this.
I got a lot of shit for saying this game looked really bad some months ago on the pc gaming reddit.  Unfortunately, I was right.
Seeing these catastrophes being released by ‘trusted’ studios, I have so much more appreciation for Atomic Heart.
Cannot say I'm surprised. This is from the same parent company that once put out a buggy, unfinished console (Xbox 360 early models)
Clearly people were way too harsh on Postal 4
Absolutely a stain. Too bad nobody cares and will keep consuming.
This should have been a multiplayer game where vampires fight against hunters.
hey, skill up can you review bf2042 again or at least check it again.
To think arcane created this. Just give us a new dishonored or prey ffs.
And some people defend this game… delusional is too small a word to define these people
One thing that I haven't seen anyone mention in any of their Dudfall reviews...WHY HAVEN'T THE VAMPIRES LEARNED TO USE FUCKIN GUNS??!.. These vampires don't wear BODY ARMOR?? You mean to tell me ALL they can do is fuckin SCRATCH you??! ANOTHER Eggbox DISASTER.   Long live Playstation.
Bethesda needs to never touch a muliplayer game again but even if they do singleplayer they may have lost their touch anyway
It's one of those games where you know the studio probably had stress casualties like good ol' Bioware back in the day. Like others have jokingly said, hope the devs were able to see their families safe and sound.  Also, this reminds me of those leaks that said Starfield and Redfall were in "rough shape". At this rate we should lower our expectations for Starfield. We'll see I guess. I don't like assuming shit and all that when I don't even know anything about what is going on at the actual studios but yeah. Starfield is being worked on by a different team so I'm not that worried when it comes to the devs tbh (beyond the usual funny ha ha Bethesda bugs) but I do fear higher up management issues from Microsoft or Bethesda themselves tbh.  But yeah, like I said, we'll see.
We all owe ign an apology 😂
Another Bethesta cluster fuck, Redfallout 76.
So, did they mix up the aim assist between m+kb and controller? Cause streamers I've seen play on m+kb have ridiculous snap-to that grants them instant headshots on all enemies.
79 euro at my local FNAC, ladies and gentleman. and you know what is the worst? people will still buy it, maybe not viewers of this review, but those people`s parents, grandparents, girlfriends, etc. They will buy it for birthday, for christmas, etc. And they will buy it because they saw it on tv or something. That is what the industry has become.
Damn..when Skill up doesn't open up with a joke...we know its going to be bad..  Update:   What a mess..
I always call u Shill Up. But there is noooo Shill in this vid. My dude fuckin ripped this game and rightfully so. I can’t believe this game came from Arkane. Did top devs or something bounce from the company. This shit is insanely bad Skill Up ajd thank u for playing this shit so we don’t have to.
One thing that I've always hated about Arkane games is that none of them feel good on a controller. Seems like the formula for getting an FPS to feel good shouldn't be so difficult to nail down!
Another GOTY we are just too dumb to get it i guess LMAO.
Why microsoft bought bethesda is beyond me, after 76 and youngblood that studio was a shit show, the only thing that wasnt touched yet was arcane and now thats a shit show too. Microsoft needs to just clean house and try to find people excited to make games in that IP and take the loss on the "talent" that you purchased.  It's just IP now, and you shouldn't of spent that much on it.
This video is the best review ever
Absolutely scathing.  I wish more people had bought Prey, bar a few missteps towards the end it was some of the most fun I've had in a game.  I bounced off Mooncrash a little but still have it installed and will def give it another go but I'm looking at this game and thinking "why didn't they just make a co-op Dishonored!?"  That'd be so much damn fun provided they did away with the morality system
It just feels like they were forced to make this game and no passion went into it at all.
Multi-player is even worse. My daughter and I just found a new bug tied to the slide show...err...power point....err...cutscene. After the scene was over, duplicates of our characters were around the mission table. They were in the same poee as they were in the cutscene. Just...wow.  Thats on top of the rubberbanding, loot lag and yeeting you 50 yards away if you use a ladder. Hard to believe the same team that made Prey made this.
The good old days of quality games where companies cared about the story the narrative the gameplay and most importantly if the game was fun is over.  I'm talking back to back quality games s tier master pieces on original Xbox and Xbox 360.  Each year it gets worse and worse however Sony has been making some really good exclusives not all of them are as good as others but comparing it to Xbox exclusives is saying something.  In terms of exclusivity Nintendo and Sony are still in the game. Xbox love game pass but it's not enough for me to want to keep the dang thing honestly might get rid of it eventually but not yet maybe when Zelda drops lol.
I don't think the still illustrations with motion graphics are a bad thing. Dishonored 1 & 2 went for that stylistic route and it was an excellent artistic choice. In fact, I have vivid memories for those still cutscenes because its art direction is truly remarkable. Also the still 3d scene with the camera floating around is a very Arkane signature.  That being said, as always, they're elements that should be made with time and quality, tying the game with the worldbuilding.  Just wanted to point that out. Those choices aren't a bad thing by itself.
Has there been a single xbox exclusive that has come out with the next-generation consoles that screams "Buy an xbox so you can play me!"? Halo Infinite was a disappointment I've heard, and now this game...xbox has got to start putting out some quality exclusives if they want to compete with Sony. The Xbox game pass is nice and all for playing older xbox games and for last-gen hits, but Playstation is kicking xbox's ass when it comes to quality exclusives
"Ich bin Klaus!"
Really disappointed, I loved Deathloop
Fallout 76 is awesome now wtf are you talking about
I’m so sick and tired of redfall ads. Every single ad on Spotify was for redfall. I don’t even have Xbox
14:03 "So I head down to the basement, there's nothing there" Liar, I found massive framerate drop lol
We are due for a 1980s-like video game crash so studios and publishers can reprioritize.  The whole industry needs a hard reboot.
They made Prey.  And then they made this?. WHAT THE FUCK?
I wanted to disagree with your negative thoughts on this game, but having played for a couple hours, it is 100% accurate.  This game is trash.
Sounds like Bethesda's Anthem. You have a studio that is excellent in producing a certain type of games, but you don't think that those games can be successful so you force them to make a multiplayer looter team shooter or whatever the fuck you want to call this crap and they fail miserably.
Where are the bosses? And the story? The chaos of Vamps? Where is  damn Vampire Ice cream man or Vampire Pizza delivery guy. Or the Vampire hookers!!!! C' mon man (Biden voice)
I feel like there's definitely some behind the scenes drama between the devs and their bosses
I’m done watching this video. Not your fault, Skill. It’s just depressing being dropped into this sh**ty world. But thanks for the warning, man 😆✌🏼
My take on this is that Halo Failed, and It caused Xbox to scramble for a Next Gen game. SO they  forced Arkane to put this out... Years from when it was ready. Arkane released Deathloop two years ago. Ofcoz this was going to be underbaked 💔
I will now talk about this review: 10/10
Mind blowing. Its so bad i cant help but start to think of some sort of crazy Microsoft conspiracy reasoning behind this. "Look legislators, we make bad games, we need the ACTIVISION BLIZZARD  deal to go through or we die"
But Redfall is extremely diverse. Diversity and inclusion are more important than good gameplay.
Embarrassing to watch... Just awful. Thanks for putting yourself through this and saving others from doing the same.
Lol, hope this was an April fools joke dropped a month late
X-box is dying, Phil Spencer must be fired!
Just as how arkane put little effort in their game, skill up put as little effort in the review. You sound so bored and disappointed
IGN was trying to warn us, and we mocked them for it
I think what is happening and what has been happening for a while now is that the developers for the games we loved before from these studios have most likely all or most moved on. There is just no way all of our favorite AAA games now release in such poor states even when it seems they should do better than before after all the success. This and corporate greed of course.
This is the most brutal, yet hilarious review of a game I have ever seen.
This game was made by AI
This concept would have been SO cool as a proper immersive sim. Prey but wirh vampires in a sleepy autumn town. Its so disappointing.
I see for game pass they are taking the straight-to-video approach for video games!
Microsoft did good with hi fi rush but we need less bethesda influence and more of the smaller studios that do good work. This feels like bethesda forced someone to make it.
Every game should have big titties with jiggle physics
M$ needs to get out of the gaming industry. They have contributed nothing since the first half of the 360 era. People look foundly of the 360 but people forget it only started off great, but failed to maintain its momentum and advantage. The 360 ended with hardly any notable games in its later half and with the flop that was Kinect. Even with it strong start, the strongest start to a console ever and it's wide lead over the PS3, it still came in in last place.
You have a bazooka but need a key to open a door 😂
Is Redfall trying to steal valor from Dark Souls with the ridiculous YOU DIED blurb?
What a shame! I'm looking forward to the inevitable exposés....
They did such a great job with Deathloop. How’d they drop the bomb with this one?
This is sad because this is a xbox exclusive....u can keep it xbox.
first Starwars Jedi Survivor, now this...
What confuses me most about this game (aside from the fact that noone ever asked for this game) is how bad the core gameplay loop is. They clearly thought giving the mindless zombie rush B enemy vampires that can't do anything other than move towards you in a straight line a teleport was enough to disguise that they are as mindless as zombies, nay, more so. It looks like a fortnite vampire zombiemode map. Nothing more. Theres no threat from these enemies, theres no story, no atmossphere and they want 70 bucks for a game that looks dead and bland while also being bugged to kingdom come. God I miss playing dead space and having necromorphs pretend to be dead to catch me by surprise. Or navigate shafts and tunnels around me in the middle of a fight. Or hide behind cover. Why are literal shambling corpses so much smarter than anything involved with Redfall?!
Microsoft purchasing a beloved studio that ends up releasing a game so unbelievably bad that it's almost impossible to believe the same studio produced high quality stuff before?!  Not Microsoft, couldn't be Microsoft!
Microsoft destroys everything. EVERYTHING.
Should make Dishonored 3 instead
W
Ralf used some low level gray (lowest) quality gun to even show semblance of gameplay...  if you get high level golden shotgun like I did on two occasions... any human or vampire dies in 1 shot. I can literally clear the entire mission area without reloading shotgun's magazine.
I had no expectations for this game because I didn't really want to play it, but I didn't think it was going to turn out to be this horrible.
Im sorry, this is not a bad game, its just in pre-alpha state. Copy pasted assets near each other, empty spaces,  god I feel so bad for devs and so furious towards the publisher...the product is not finished, far from it
Input response is aim acceleration. I turned it off and turned up sensitivity and it fixed controller aiming immensely.
So 95% of the budget went to the marketing? 😭
I just realized why this didn't launch on PS5. They would've gotten crucified, if this launched there at $70. People who actually bought it at full price are probably pissed. On XBOX, you at least have game pass where this released day one.
The developers had to know this game was bad. Almost seems like it was made bad on purpose.
Literally a forgotten PS360 game they shat out when they found the old code.
Haha i played Redfall for an hour or so and then went back to Dead Island 2 and had way more fun.
You can easily smell the filth of the Bethesda executive simpleton forcing them to "make it simpler" because people love simple games (all of Bethesda's hits). It's very sad they destroyed their high quality name with this.
After this, please don't touch Prey, Arkane.
Reviewing or playing this game means you have to find the humor in it to avoid rage or sadness  And it would be laughable if it wasn’t from this developer
After those dishonored bangers i thought this would at least have cool gameplay.
All these Arkane games have been overrated
it was actually fun to see you shit on a game for a whole video
Nice that I got an ad for redfall while watching this.
I feel like a greedy little troll waiting for this juicy news cycle if Starfield flops 👹
Wow, the generic, uninspired looking FPS with the generic, uninspired sounding "wordfall" title is generic, uninspired, and bad? Imagine my shock.
I forgot how much I liked the Prey into jam lol
Remember when we thought Redfall was The Elder Scrolls 6? Good Times..
To be honest, every comparision to games like Fallout76 or Anthem is ridiculous. Is Refall a great game? Hell no! Is it a ok game? Perhaps even not that. Depends who you ask. But it is a functional game for mindless fun. There are bugs, there are glitches yes. That problem arcane games have for over a decade and in that decade they launched games in much worse states. Yeah, the AI is awful, the graphics are not groundbreaking. This game has anything arcane is famous for but it is not an immersive sim and so these aspects matters more. But the overstatements reffering to Redfall are weird. Punishing Redfall for not beeing one of the immersive sims nobody bought. Yeah, it is sad that nobody wanted to play dishonored or prey. Yes it is sad the way arcane reacted the way they did. No, Redfall isn´t the calamity every one talking about. It is just forgetable and mediocre (even better than deadloop, but thats a very personal opinion).
All of this for ONLY full price ?  What a steal
Is this what happens when you don't send Ralph a code? Yikes.  On the bright side, seeing the mess this game was a week leading up discouraged me enough to not get it, glad I didn't waste my time. Feel bad though, Prey is easily one of my favorite games ever. It seems like Arkane has just lost that magic.
This is a fucking disgrace 😂
Haha I love Skill up tearing these games apart 🤣
Did they announced this game the very day they... started making it? It clearly needs two more years of development, now it looks like an ambitions one man's project in Unity or Unreal with his GF doing artwork and writing...
103gb of trash. Quickest uninstall of any game since FO76.
Sometimes I like when bad games come out because I ultimately get really good content like this and don’t feel compelled to waste my money
I'm so bummed, man. I love Vampires, I love Arkane. This should've been such an easy win for them.
I was excited about this game on epic aafter i bought deadisland 2 my second game on epic and this game was marketted heavilly thaank god this was reviewed on day 1 or else ill regret my purchases again
this is the type of game that isnt even worth your money even if its free
Ah mate..I fucking love you and your Absolutely thrilling techniques of puzzling and dodging. Ive played it for a short bit and i can definitely agree, Getting a mate in soon on gamepass to see his reaction on it. Great idea right!? xD
At first I was worried about the state of gaming this last months, but now I'm having fun because it is turning into a meme at this rate.
I played for 2 hours last night and didn’t think it was all that bad, but I’ve seen all the negative reviews so I guess I expected a trash fire and got an okay looter shooter. I’ve always thought arcane was overrated though (their AI has always been awful) so never expected much from them anyway. The world is a lot more interesting than reviews have said. It’s eery and cool in a lot of way with some cool hidden secrets. For example, I like how you can enter a huge amount of buildings in this game. I was traveling from one point to another when I found a house that appeared to be boarded up with no entrance until I walked around to the back and climbed up to a 2nd floor balcony to get in. The house was occupied by 3 vampires, one on each floor in what was basically a horror show on each floor. I fought them floor by floor until I got to the basement to take on the hardest vampire, collected some nice loot and got out. It was a good time and I’ll probably play more tonight.
This is what publishers want us to pay $70 for.
This review is so hilarious I love it
In a few years this company will be doing kinect games
yikes
I wish the game didnt get the year of delay. That game would've been something else.
I also love how with Jacob if you ever need a breather from combat you can just use invisibility and everyone forgets about you instantly LOL
After hearing about the theater mission, I would swear Arkane must not have given a fuck for some reason… 🤔
I don’t see why everyone is surprised though, we all knew Redfall was going to be soulless trash anyway.  On to Starfield.
This is the quality AAA devs think is worth 70$. Welcome to the future everyone.
This makes Fallout 76 on launch look like a masterpiece.
This game should have just been called Beige. Perfectly describes it.
yup.. the whole game is just like a base template for a game that could be good with about 3 more years of work
Wow I won't even waste the SSD space by downloading this on GamePass.
This review is savage, and yet still doesn't fully communicate how absolutely dreadful a game this is. This wasn't released a month too soon like many AAA games... this was released 3 years too soon.
This seems like an early access game that is not even at the alpha phase. It's almost proof of concept. This is sad.
"We all owe that (IGN) person an apology" I wasn't even mad at how he played bc the gameplay looked wonky even without "journalist gaming skills", but I'm compelled to agree!
Looks like a really bad Left 4 Dead conversion or mod. And $70!? Nope lol
Redfall. Oh, how the red fall.
Shill Up, using text cards with voiceovers in place of of a video of gameplay followed by an explanation of how the game just has voiceovers instead of any fully animated cutscenes is fucking brilliant.  Every time I saw a text card announcing what was coming next, I shook my head and smirked.  Very funny shit, my dude. Bravo.
The regional bosses he’s showing are being done using an OP character. I get my ass handed to me using other characters.
Seems like a modern day Bethesda game to me.
Redfall: the university project from Arkane interns.
how..... HOW was this made by Arkane?!
Great review.
"There is a story behind that" I'm gonna wait for Matt McMuscles to cover that.
this video won me over this channel immediately
“B-b-but IGN BAD!” - Gamers TM
Burning shores, a DLC, had more effort put into its clouds than this entire game.
Vampire: Stop me if you can!    Chair your up.
They need to take a lesson from Anthem and just kill it in the cradle and not try for a 2.0.
Even as a ps5 user it's very disappointing seeing games come out like this
Skill Up tried harder for this video production than Arkane did the entire game
Microsoft staple of quality strikes again
Even Fallout 76 on release seem more fun
I almost spit my coke when you mentioned the Stealth Death Animation.  I was laughing about it with my friends last night, it's unbelievable man. They created the Dishonored Stealth Kills, which are IMO the BEST WE HAVE and now this is their latest...
i love how absolutely fatigued everyone is by the video game industry B.S. right now. you can totally hear in Shill's voice and the presentation style.  this is my favorite review that you've done and i never had any intention of checking Redfall out because it looked totally stupid from the moment i saw it.
awful..but amazing video! about the loot, only borderlands games managed to create a well thought design, it's funny and surprising
Glad I cancelled Game Pass. I never used it and won't get my money back, but I refuse to continue funding trash like this.
Got an advert for this game whilst watching this review. Not gonna happen Microsoft!
Did they fire everyone during Covid and hired a fresh team of new devs ? the f happened ? is there any official com' from Arkane at this point ? This is so shameful, I barely believe it. I mean I had to see it to fathom how deep of an abyss this game is. It's ridiculous and unbelievable. How is gamorra ? Why is Gamorra ?
Another absolute stinker from Microsoft
No story, huh??  What happened to "No handholding when it comes to story.  Trust the gamer to figure it out."??  What happened to "Read all the lore stuff if you want to know what's going on."?? Also, how can you complain about not being able to pause the game when your GOTY last year has no pause anywhere??
Excellent video! Loved listening to you 💩 on this game, it definitely deserves all of the criticism.
I want to know the behind the scenes.
We need to stop telling ourselves "yeah every studio can produce a crap game, but not" (insert Behtesda, CDPR, Arkane...)  I'm not saying they're bad.  But no game dev is immune to this and no game dev deserves that kind of loyalty.
I know you hate vampire games 😂
I have a hard time believing that the same studio that created the Talos 1 space station and filled every room and corridor with interactive elements made Redfall...
Low budget gamepass fodder
REDFAIL cash grab 🤑💰💸
Typical Xbox L
Yeeeaaa, we all need to apologize to that poor IGN journalist. This game is a work of art for how bad it is.
Every time I see this game I can’t help but look at it as a free to play live service game in open beta. Not even trying to be an ass, I get shocked everyday time I hear AAA with this.
Dishonored is my favourite game of all time, and I'm an absolute arkane simp. I have no idea how this has happened they are so much better than this.
Well I don't know if Dad of Boy is a good example of a fun game...  Because it might be as boring as this game.
I actually got an ad for Redfall at the end of watching this.
Rather pirating this games instead of buying...
Thank you for comprehensive, harsh reviews like yours, instead of the sugar-coated media appeal that other people usually go for. This is strongly appreciated! What an ugly mess of a "game".
“Now you should know, I have nearly finished this game. I refuse to finish it because if a developer can’t be bothered to finish their game, then why should I?”  DAMN
You know the game is bad when Skill Up doesn't do his normal review format that flows. This was like watching clown car crash funny but just tragic upon further reflection.
To think that the same company that gave me Three of my favorite games of all time (dishonored1/2 and prey)  allowed this to leave their doors is far more shocking than Bethesda pushing out fallout 76.   I fully expected this the first time the game was revealed, but I'm still gutted to be proven right.
I know nothing about this game but what were they even going for?
Such a damn shame. Why does it feel like ever since Microsoft has acquired all of these giant developers and publishers the games have gotten worse not better like we all thought they would(well at least me) .Something is seriously wrong right now.
This is the most bored i have ever heard you during a review, whether good or bad 😭😭
Oh my god, I wasn't expecting much from this game but this is next level terrible? How can xbox/ Phil Spencer let this be released onto the market? absolutely crazy
i played redfall last night for 2 hours before i fell asleep. all of this review hits all of my feelings perfectly, especially the key part. i came upon a safehouse and it needed to be powered, the wires ran to a garage so i looked at the door, it needed to be lockpicked. i then went around to a security panel on the wall and it needed an electronics lockpick, so i went around to the other  side of the garage and found another panel that...needed a different type of electronic lockpick. 3 ways to get in, all just keys. ridiculous
The „omnipresent gaze“ 😎
RIP Arkane. Was a good studio.
Ralph did you also make this video’s title cards on PPT
I hope the studio turn this around. This is a smear across the reputation of a talented team.
Wtf happend to Arcane ?? This is game is trash
Bethesda has been shit for a long time now, they have nothing new to offer.
Microsoft can you please make a decent first party game? I have an Xbox and Playstation but it sucks only using the xbox to play 3rd party games. Not to mention, I could just play those 3rd party games on the Playstation. The ONLY thing holding Xbox together is game pass, and PS+ is really starting to catch up, with better first party games. If Microsoft continues like this, they will end up going the way of Sega.
Whereas Fallout 76 was a catastrophic launch due to technical issues, Redfall is a cataclysmic example of game design issues
Police? Yes, I'd like to report a murder.
They really tried to pull a CDPR Cyberpunk 2077 😂   Make footage that will never be representative of the game itself.  Procrastinate till game is near release date.  Make endless excuses to what happened & how we didnt brewk the law trying to manipulate people to buy a product that is nothing like this ad.   🤣🤣🤣 whats going on here?  Are studios all drinking the same stupid scum bag water?
This might be my favourite Skill Up review
I played this on gamepass and I still feel ripped off man...
Shortly after I started I ran into a random house and 4 vampires bugged out just infinitely telling me their lines but they were immune to DMG and didn't attack. What a mess. Microsoft should be ashamed.
this is painful to watch
you legit cant buy games on release anymore.....These studios take us as fools and as long as people keep buying these half-baked games they are gonna keep doing it
I’m enjoying the game but I am seriously trying to figure out what kind of budget this game had.  Glad I’m not the only one having problems with how the game controls though. A few games have felt like this lately but this one is easily the worst.
I’m just imagining the What Happened? video about this game some point in the future.
Non animated cutscene? So it's a visual novel, a broken, buggy ass visual novel without the kinky stuff.
Romuald Capron  former Arkane director is gone after Deathloop. Arkane is finished
From Prey to this ... thing really hurts . If thats all they worked on since 2017 really makes you wonder what happened in that time. Absolute shame cus I think Prey is my favorite Arkane game .... Damn
Shame, Arkane could have made a great singleplayer immersive sim based on the premise.
Hi-Fi Rush had animated cut scenes and in-game dialogue between characters.
My review of this review is very positive. Still in progress.
Arcane made one of my favorite games and i HATE just how shit this game is. Also can games stop being 100 fucking gigabytes in file size???
It's funny.  I've been completely apathetic towards this game in the run up to release.  Apparently, so were the developers.
This is how I describe Redfall. It feels more like a developer was trying to replicate the Arkane formula and failed, than it feels like an actual Arkane game.
It truly feels like not a single developer at Arkane was excited to make this game
Just when I think I've heard all the reasons this game is bad... you list a dozen more (the cursor, the frozen menu...).
6:43 had me busting a gut 🤣🤣🤣
Another L for xbox
Watchers might have a little tunnel vision problem.
Those "cutscenes" also have some interesting errors. Like i spotted in the first a bottle floating a foot above the surface it is supposed to be on, and a box floating above the chair it is supposed to be on. This is in the first real cutscene. And they missed it in QA...
Thank god for Indies
The saddest (or maybe funniest) part about all this is that just a few months ago, Xbox/Bethesda released Hi-Fi Rush, and it's literally the polar opposite of Redfall in every way.  On the one corner you have Hi-Fi Rush, a quirky rhythm action game with a tight 10 hour~ story, stealth dropped the day of its release, released to near universal acclaim, sold for a mere $30.   vs Redfall, a bland and overbloated dime-a-dozen open world, that was hyped up by the devs for years before release, before dropping with rampant technical and design issues that lead to negative reviews across the board, upcharged to $70-100.
I'm all for amplifying this and starting a full-throated apology campaign to that IGN dude until he gets the message. Arkane might have done him dirty, but we let him down by not giving him the BOTD 😢
Boi... I am playing currently Honkai Starrail, a chinese Gacha F2P game, and that one is in every single aspect 100 times beyond what a freshly released Arcane game could ever offer. How did we get here?
Thanks for the laugh
I didn't even know this game existed and I'M disappointed by this.
Bethesda is garbage they should have bought them when they crashed because they can't make games
If Starfield releases and turns out to be shit.. I just... God.. Please don't ruin my Bethesda open world RPGs.. Been waiting 8 years for a new one.
Microsoft gota stop these microaggressions not healthy for anyone
This is savage; and I love it.
Steel series as today's sponsor? I wish they were still selling the merc stealth. Best keyboard I ever had for MMOs because of the number keys being two rows above WASD.
When will devs/publishers learn that it is literally always better to continuously delay a game in order to make sure it is complete, than it is to put out a broken steaming pile of garbage and hope people stick around. This game reminds me a little of Bioshock in visual style, and yet it takes several steps backwards in game mechanics and in story telling department, despite Bioshock being nearly being 16 years older. Bioshock had minimal cutscenes, but the ones it did have, combined with the environmental story telling and the audio logs (that you could walk around and still listen to lol) are leagues better than what Redfall attempts to do here. Crazy that a talented studio like Arcane could regress this much
Thanks to Redfall, if I ever go vampire hunting, I'll bring my holy water, some garlic a stake, and now a chair.
Ralph, I don't know if you're intentionally trying to mention Destiny in every video or not, but I am here for it my man 😂
I dont know if the lack of music in this review is intentional or not, but if it is, it just makes it seem like Ralph is really, REALLY disappointed in the game haha.
This game is just embarrassing. Wow. We seem to be better off playing games from 10 years ago rather than buying anything new, since it all seems to be broken and/or unfinished garbage.
So to sum up, it's only OK.
Did Arkane even want to make this game? Seriously.
It's a real shame to see this game come out in this state. I've got a good friend who Played Dishonored same time I did and we'd always talked about a co-op Dishonored experience. Too bad I'll never get to see that.
I expected it to be bad, but holy god.....
This entire game feels like it was made by people held at gunpoint and forced to make it. Like something Microsoft forced them to shit out for gamepass because they desperately needed a release this year. I'm Playstation owner and got excited a few years ago when Microsoft bought all those studios to become more competitive, but if this is the type of crap they'll have their studios make then it is worthless. Even Halo got fucked up. How do they mess up Halo that bad? It's their flagship title. Things aren't looking good. What surprised me the most is how many youtubers were trying to hype up this game before release even though it was obvious it was gonna suck. The enemies had less animation than L4D and that was like 15 years ago lol.
My least favourite skillup videos because it means we got a really bad game. But respect for not sugar coating it.
been hearing this game is shit constantly, this is the first time im seeing someone explain why. props for such an in depth review
this game has 18+ age restriction and it looks more cartoony than fortnite...
Let's look at the bright side: This game brought forth the single best review of the year.
Arkane is gonna get shutdown at this rate. 3 hard misses in a row. Where is Prey 2??? Why keep churn garbage that nobody wants??
Fact we owe some dumb journalist an apology really tells you how bad this game is
Arkane was one of the few developers that i had hope for.  Loved the Dishonored series and Prey was an incredible game.  Deathloop flopped for me a bit but at least was a sandbox still with some Arkane Dna.  But seems with the release of Redfall, Arkane has lost touch with what they do best. RIP Arkane.
It's criminal to even release this game in this state with people already having spent their hard earned money
i started taking a shot anytime he said the word animated, i have died now, i am dead.
there is no way arkane is same people now as those who made dishonored and prey
starfield is gonna be a train wreck .
So will you youtubers finally stop helping xbox push that anti consumer garbage gamepass now?
This game's story is very similar to how terrible Scarlet Nexus' story was. Also a series of stills, with just enough moments of animation to remind you how crap they are.
Brutal
A parking lot with three identical trucks, all with the same oil spill problem?  Yeah, you're in New England. That's what it's like. 😜
This game looked like complete dogshit from the get go. Who honestly gives a damn about vampires?
So glad I no longer pre-order games anymore. What a dumpster fire of a game.
I’m playing it coop with game pass. Even a crappy game can be fun with the right friends. However, at 70 bucks the game is an utter ripoff.
The fact that they thought it was acceptable to release this game for Xbox Series X when it's capped at 30 FPS is unacceptable. That alone is enough to kill this game dead.  I'm saying this as a Game Pass player. Spare a thought for the people who paid $70 for this when it currently isn't worth even close to that.  I hope Redfall pulls a No Man's Sky and gets a lot better soon. I really want to like this game since non-Borderlands FPS looter shooters are somewhat hard to come by.
I would now like to talk about "immersive sim elements" in Redfall. TACO BELL BREAKFAST....  Fucking YT ads man.
As a "playstation only"owner I'm very entertained 🤣
Gotta respect that Microsoft-First-Party-Studio streak of fumbling every single bag
You just didn't give this game a chance SkillUp. Game gets really fun at the 200h mark.
at 13:10 lmfao
The best thing about this game is this video
After this disaster and the recent history of Halo, there is no way I can support a Microsoft purchase of ABK. I am very skeptical of Starfield. In the past I have applauded Phil Spencer for his statements about his support for all gamers, regardless of platform. But recent history has me in serious doubts of his ability to oversee development studios. Knowing that Xbox has failed to meet many targes, if this ABK acquisition falls through or Starfield flops, I wonder if Microsoft will part ways with Spencer.
Shoot window of car, car catches fire and explodes. 😂😂
Loving the funeral themed review here.  Its vibes with the game.😂😂😂
Disappointed Skill Up videos are my favourite, this was 30 minutes of pure joy. The " I would now like to talk about" cuts with black screen, white letters, no caps and the monotone voice where such a brilliant thing! Thank you Ralph
What baffles me is how cheap this game look and feels. Presentation, performance, story…it all feels like a (bad) budget-independent game. I mean, Cyberpunk was broken and unfinished at launch, but it didn’t feel cheap. It is almost impossible to believe that this is a triple A product from a big studio like Arkane that is been published by Microsoft.
this is the problem with games made for money and not love
Think they wanted a Apex Legends then made this anyway
Surrounded by item less movie wannabe games... maybe they got the impression using stuff was enough to be an immersive sim?
rahhh no the vampire gluck gluck ☠ 13:13
Let's just all collectively agree that this isn't an Arcane game and pretend never happened.
@xbox pay attention!
Yeah I don't trust Starfield one bit to be optimized. BGS has a reputation but now all of Bethesda has this reputation thanks to this shitshow. Even with gamepass it just isn't worth the space on my SSD.
Don't know what's worse, this or cyberpunk at launch. 😂
This has no right to be so funny 😂 10:59
If you buy an Xbox at this point you’re a sucker.
Who did QA on this game?
Having this game drop the same time as Dead Island 2 is just embarrassing. Yes, I have gamepass and bought dead island rather than try Redfall in its current state. C’mon Xbox what the heck
its only been six years??  I feel like you've always been here...
Another great Xbox exclusive.
I fell asleep again from watching this.
But is there a lot of diversity in the characters? Because that's all that developers care about today.
Friends don't let friends play Redfall.
Arkane needs a visit to the principal`s office
Arcane Studios, Microsoft - I'm baffled how this game happened with these companies involved. Looks like Half-Life 1 had better NPC enemies. That footage is just so weird. The vast spaces with no enemies, the npcs that are just absolutely braindead - everything just looks really wrong if you ever played Dishonored. Boy, thanks for that review @Skill up. I wasn't that interested in the game at first, but my god, this was an interesting insight into a hyped game that i will definately never touch.
A $10 game asking for $70. Embarrassing.
Flood there inboxes with “Bring Back Dishonored & Prey!”.
Regardless of the bugs and the crashing this game is just plain boring..  nothing worse than a boring game.
10:50
This game wasn't reviewed. It was murdered
oh wow... brutal and apparently deserved... I, we , love Arkane. This is a tragedy.
it's unbelievable how shit modern devs are at designing a functional ui you play morrowind and at the press of a button you get the map, your character stats and your inventory (including equipped items) in one comfortable screen. Games these days have like 10 sub menus and here especially you can't see your gun's stats unless you hover over them. In a looter shooter about making numbers go up and shifting through dozens of similar guns to pick the best one
Favorite quote:  "I've nearly finished this game.  I refuse to finish it because if the developer can't be bothered to finish their game, then why should I?"  Redfall seems unfinished *and* unpolished.  Unfinished and unpolished are the key words here.  It must have taken every second of the extended release to duct tape the project together so that it could be released.  It's most likely a miracle that it runs as it does.  This is my guess.  If this is accurate, kudos to the staff who sweated blood to make it appear to be a game, despite poor management.  I'm sorry you had to work on this project.    Redfall should *not* have been released as is.  You'd think publishers would learn.  You know, learn something that's common sense... that you already know without having to have examples.  That typed, Redfall isn't as bad as ShillUp and others make it out to be.  Some of what Ralph says is a bit dramatic - hyperbole... such as it having the worst controls of any console game he's played.  Don't get me wrong, it's not good.  It's also not challenging.  What Ralph presents in this video is accurate.  You can even be in the same room with the bosses.  It doesn't matter.  As bad as the AI seems here, at least it's better than in Deathloop.  Ha.  As is, my rating of the game so far would be a 4, which is a bit subpar.  This game is a disappoint and in line with what I expected.  When I think something is going to be bad, I always hope I'm wrong.  To add insult to injury, the marketing flat out lies, wholly misrepresenting the product.  As an aside, knock on wood, I'm playing on PC and have encountered few issues.   Arkane was one of my favorite studios... up until the Prey: Mooncrash DLC.  Everything they've produced since then hasn't been good.  Deathloop shouldn't have been on *any* best lists.  It isn't good.  It's a photocopy of a photocopy of Mooncrash that's been dropped in the mud and stamped on.  A key player at the studio happened to leave around the time Mooncrash released.  Coincidence?  Kind of seems like it isn't now.  Something happened there.  FYI - The "powers" are explained (poorly) on the character screens when you choose them.  Aside:  TBFaH - Many of the hosts and reviewers at IGN are, in fact, maroons.  The outlet isn't kosher and epitomizes the idea of companies that appear to succeed despite themselves.
This reminds me, I should play through the Dishonored series, been a while.
Wow.. you're so right about that pivot away from singleplayer thing. Bioware with Anthem. Bethesda with FO76 and now Arkane with Redfall...  Yet they still haven't learned their lesson lol
This is SkillUp at his absolute deadpan, sarcastic best 😂👍🏻
While everyone is dunking on this game with tongues out, arms flailing, I know I can count on you Ralph for a measured, level-headed dunk.
This is hard to watch, as I love Arkane. Hope their next game is a lot better than this. I skipped Deathloop as well and Redfall never looked like what I wanted from a studio like Arkane.
So is that a Strongly recommenddddd???? Or no?! 😂
I knew this game was ganna bomb  astoundingly, the minute i saw Characters that could be in the last Saints Row game.
Oof......Armored Core 6 looks neat!
lmao ambitious additional content roadmap
I'll be honest RDR2 ruined every RPG for me; I compare everything to that game. Most modern RPGs are all following the same base formula. Like you said at 2:50
tbh Bethesda should just keep releasing Skyrim again every year, this way we know we're getting something fundamentally good
I forgot what it feels like when ralph absolutey dunks on a game!  hahaha its glorious!
Seems like all the Xbox fankids clowning the PS fankids about PS only having 'cinematic games' is the reason we have slideshow cut scenes in Redfall
When you've got it so bad for a studio that you blame a notoriously hands-off publisher rather than the developer that made it
Non-Animated cut scenes and charging $70?  This madness has got to stop.  HOWEVER, if you already have Game Pass you really have zero room to complain.
Guns have no place in arkane games
I hope this was MS telling devs to deliver in “12 months from this presentation”
I fully expect every new bethesda game to be worthless
Lol😂😂😂
1:32 LOL   If you know, you know... it was supposed to look sorta bad/off.
You totally forgot about Deathloop - you said (1:25) that Arkanes last game was Prey  (which was great). But that's wrong - it was Deathloop. Another dread awful game that most people hated (incl me.). I am sorry to say this, but there hasn't been a good Arkane game since Prey, and even that was devisive. And that was in 2017. If i could play any game for the first time again, it would be Dishonored. This game i wont even touch. How far Arkane have fallen.
I frikkin knew that the day the trailer for this dropped that it would suck.
looks like a old game
I find myself asking the same questions while watching Redfall coverage Where did it go wrong? Was there no playtesting to ensure that the Vampire Underbosses weren't stationary or one-shotable? Was there no one at Arkane testing the level design to check for more than one way to infiltrate a building or bypass a door? Was Redfall a lockdown child born from remote work or was it stuck in development hell? It's sad to think Redfall will go down as a major letdown for an Arkane game. Hoping for future works righting these wrongs
You know what this reminds me of back 4 blood except the only difference is there are vampires instead of zombies
Damn this is worst than cyberpunk at launch 😂
This generation has been such a massive disappointment thus far. Really seems like all the old devs with experience and a desire to make actual art have retired and the developers that are left are new, cheap hires with little experience. Not to mention the constant pressure they're probably under by publishers to churn shit out like a factory (though that doesn't explain how a game like this took 5 years to make - wtf?).
Here we go. Time to have all of my suspicions from the reveal trailer confirmed. I don't know why they thought this game or setting or anything were a good idea.
You got to pay that $70 for the marketing campaign
13:22 A yo what 😳
Lets be honest, this game just didn't appeal to most people from the off. The first awful trailers made it look like a naff vampire version of L4D. Then they came out and said no, it's more like Far Cry etc. None of which is really what we want from Arkane..... Then the list goes on. 4 player co-op, with solo, [Your progress is only saved as the host, wth?] but not really designed for solo?  Always online.... Your char can't level up most of their skills....30FPS.....etc  etc..  Damn, I downloaded this as on GP, but after all these reviews showing just how much worse this actually is, just like Arkane, I cant be bothered........
I bet this game is really fun with friends
This looks like a alpha build and the "cutscenes" are placeholders to be added later.
I played 20 to 30 minutes and uninstalled this game.   I can’t believe you played it for hours.   Life is to short to be playing trash like this
Yeah I hear you about the radio station,  exact dame thing happened to me.
Wasn't expecting much from this game but damn...
I hate how good this review is lol. Honestly enjoyed all of it. So sad so much time was wasted on this trash.
We've come to expect more from Arkane as developers, based on previous titles, but this is exactly what we've come to expect from Bethesda as a publisher.
This made me want to play prey
The fact that blizzard is making better recent content without Microsoft dispite all of their issues is a scary thing
Ralph just sounds sad in this..lol.
How is it that every studio that is purchased by Microsoft turns to dog shit or just stops releasing games? (Edit) and don't comment saying "but Pentiment, Pentiment was good!" Yes, Pentiment is a cute little indie game made by a AAA developer. That will not keep XBox ahead
SO! Tears of the Kingdom out yet? Street Fighter 6? Armored Core 6? FFXVI? Man, has anybody checked out Age of Wonders 4 yet? That game looks very intriguing. Yeah.
Wow, Phantom Doctrine is much better than RedFall....amazing!
This game deserves to become a meme, just like Forspoken.
this game need another 2years imo of development
That's *EXACTLY* what makes Deus Ex great as an IP and the way progession welcomes you to explore. With many games now you're just endlessly looking for the same thing.  That's when repitition sets in very quickly.
When I heard your voice in the beginning I i thought it was a skit.   The longer it went I came to realized it was just that disappointing 😭😂
I don't know why all these reviewers regard arkane as these legendary devs. All of their games are mid AT BEST. Also arkane basically told everyone this game was going to be shit, it was a practice game while they learned to do multiplayer. Why is everyone surprised
Personally (entering 'bad Internet hit take territory here but whatever...) I think Arkane have been severely overrated for a long time. Average, box ticking derivatives of better, far more sophisticated games is all this studio has accomplished. This wasn't a matter of if, only when...
'stop it, he's already dead' meme
You got one side of people seeing a really bad game and a lot of people are upset at yet another unpolished mess of a game. Then you got the other side making excuses because Microsoft apparently to them is a little underdog Indie dev with not a lot of money and a ton of hate being thrown towards them,
Xbox honestly just makes studios worse…
Skill up once again proving to be the pinnacle of game reviews/ journalism
Pretty crazy how almost every game you can play on the original PlayStation and PlayStation 2 are more fun than this interactive experience.
the best review
If the family pass doesn't come to game pass soon I just can't see myself staying on gamepass long term
Don't believe the hype. Don't preorder. Do not give them your money for such trash.
I'm so done with Xbox..
thank you for playing this game so that no one has to.  Your pain is palpable.  Thank you.
I was never interested in this game, it looked like it was gonna be a boring bland game, and I'm tired of the rinse repeat team up shooter with rpg elements while not an rpg. But man, the section about the loot and colors def stands out to me. So many devs just slappin this same ole template into their games with colored tiered weapons and generic bonuses just to do it. Feel like a sad old loser saying this, but the golden age of gaming really is over. Just a handful of possibly good games throughout the year anymore....if that.
The only thing left to be said really is "are the devs okay?" Like I'm genuinely concerned.
wake me up when a AAA game releases without being ABSOLUTELY FUCKED :)
"catastrophe "  Is it worse than big rigs?  If not, then it's not a "catastrophe".  Gaming journalism abusing words fuels the toxicity of gaming communities.  PLS STOP.
🐾 I'm sorry but if that was an example of a good Arkane cutscene then that's pretty embarassing. Looked like in-game footage.
Non-animated "cutscenes"? Fine, that's a style choice. I like it, you don't, no big deal.  Literally everything else you talk about? What the fuck, Arkane.
They couldn't even afford to be creative with their bosses' names.
Remember they had no npcs in Fallout 76 and they talked about it like it was a selling point?  I'm deeply amazed that didn't happen again.
Wow. This is a $90 game in Canada. I've played $10 bargain bin indie games on steam from a decade ago with more content than this
Its okay we understand that game delays happen. We understand you missed your deadline to release redfall as an April fools release. We cant wait for you to go back to making real games. Thanks for the $70 laugh
I had low expectations about this game, but I'm disappointed anyway
These devs of today didn't learned a goddamn thing from those who came before them
Waiting on the redfall crowb cat video
I love watching review videos of really crappy games. Im so glad i didnt preorder this one
Bethesda has lost a lot of faith from fans with fallout 76 and I didn’t think Microsoft buying them would help even though a lot of other people seemed to think it would be great. Fallout 76 was shit and unless Microsoft was going to be hands on I didn’t see them getting any better when they seem to care more about money over making good or even better great games
Reminds me so much of Back 4 Blood & it’s horrible release
I have rx6900xt and the game gives me 30 fps
I blame Microsoft for not managing their studios, Phil Spencer acts like he's working for Sony at times, just releasing flop after flop killing the brand to get xbox users to swap system.  I feel like Xbox will be the next Sega, no consoles just publishing average at best games.
Slightly amusing to see the advert mid vid was for Redfall 😂
My hopes for Starfield and Xbox have plummeted. Microsoft, WHAT are you doing...?
Nah, the IGN player remains terrible. I've had 0 problems hitting targets; but one would benefit from adjusting the controls to actually be slower, rather than faster. Everything else stated stands though. Albeit quite frankly, not being able to aim at a target would likely present the only difficulty the game has, else the game is braindead easy and you're never, EVER, in any real danger. If you're playing co-op... good luck not falling asleep.
Hahaha literally just had an advert for this game. No thanks Bethesda 😂
This garbage will be barely a memory when I’m playing Zelda and… and don’t forget Armored core 6  the west is getting their butt kicked
Redfall makes Dead Island 2 look like a masterpiece.
Am i crazy or is the framerate really low in this footage? God bless, Arkane
I’m so excited for him to tear apart this game
Marvel needs to answer for what they’ve unintentionally done to video games. Every fuckin game now has to have quippy dialogue. STOP please god I don’t want to hear this shit anymore, I’d rather go back to silent protagonist or fucking whiteboards like Ethan Winters
As a vampire I can confirm that we do indeed love basements ❤ 🦇
dying when punched in the ass is relatable.
This video is a masterclass on how to review a game.
Everything Xbox touches goes to shit
Gonna disagree that Deathloop had compelling characters. Not even the two main characters I thought were compelling at all.
Hello, I would like to request a refund for this game I didn't purchase and have never played.
and its still gonna sell gangbusters and people are still gonna defend it, we wonder why gaming has been on a recent performance downfall
this is the end result of removing all the existing coders. replacing them with woke cultists. who are then forced to make a normal game, because everything else they touched cost the developers a shit ton of money. you all need to get ready to fully expect a ton more of this drivel. these coders are inexperienced to say the least. and the guys who were fired to make way for these cretins will never return.
2 bad releases within a week is not a good sign for the rest of the year.
This seems like something they didnt want to make (I dont know the history of this game so dont roast me) Dishonored 2 was great, deathloop was ambitious but still very good and never fully realized the timeloop. This game feels like a stumble on it's own and as an arkane game. I hope their next game is a W
It's such a tragedy. They made Dishonored 1 and 2 and they could have easily done a third episode because they've built such a incredible world / lore but, no, let's make a generic / empty world game that no one asked for.
I cannot believe this is real yet my Eyes are witnessing it. How is this game so horrendously bad? 😂😂😂
Vast majority of AAA gaming is joke. At this point they just don’t care.  The artists aren’t to blame, the directing is where the blame starts, then you work your way up. It’s disgusting to think you can put this out into the world and ask for money.  They’ve finessed Microsoft for that gamepass money.  Actually, MS doesn’t care. As much as I like gamepass, it’s a buffet. They just want to fill up their library.
I do not love the "I will now talk about x" format.   I get the game was phoned in but please dont phone in your transtions shillup
This deserves an ethics committee hearing.
This has to be Ralph's cheekiest review to date and I am soooo here for it XD Brilliant stuff, my guy.
After Prey (incredible game) flopped, Deathloop was mediocre, and RCA left Arcane anybody paying attention knew this game was going to be a mess.
L
At this point I can't even say this is not exactly what I expected from Bethesda.
13:12 nice troll to that beer lol
I really appreciated the random "how to explode a car in Redfall" segment. Really speaks for itself 3:58
They fucked this up -  Even Ubisoft have been doing it better. DOn't play with a shitty controller guys..GET A MOUSE !
13:37   That's so funny to me like they were just chillin, waiting for their friends to come back and you're just like "actually i hate you in particular"
"There is no other way to progress that objective other than to find that key."  Crazy how this is from the same developer that encouraged players to find different ways to accomplish objectives in Dishonored.
Somehow, someway, it was completely evident this is how the game would turn out ever since the first trailer
That "tragic trilogy" comment is an excellent yet uncanny observation. Serious questions need to be asked about Bethesda's current direction and someone please wrap id software up in cotton wool to protect Doom from going down the same route.
I hope something eventually changes in the AAA market, because watching beloved studios known for making amazing singleplayer games get reduced to releasing unfinished, half-assed and broken "live service" games is starting to get seriously depressing.  I want to think Starfield will be good and it probably will, but it's bethesda, it's gonna be a trainwreck of a launch because they can't launch a game that isn't broken even if Todd Howard's life depended on it.
I have gamepass because of all the games I get to play, not because of Microsoft exclusives. For exclusives I have a PS5
Horrible game, but good for Gamepass standards.
Starfield gonna suck just stop buying anything from Bethesda already.
70 bucks 💩
Arkane needs to just take a break from makign new shit and make Prey 2.
Play station is laughing all the way to the bank with this.... I know Xbox fans are pissed off
Wow look at 3:42 and the scaling of the environment vs the character. That's horrible! I can't believe that's real!
I absolutely loved Arcane's previous games, so this is very sad to see. I have to assume this is the fault of Bethesda/Microsoft but even if not, hopefully we get to hear the story someday. Completely agree they should just say "Alright, this sucks, sorry all" and move on but who knows what corporate speak we'll get instead.
The only games that has gotten the colored and stat loot system correctly is the borderlands saga.Redfall is the kind of game that was thrown together in a week using school supplies from the dollar store.When you said "If a developer can't be bothered to finish their game then why should I" was a ted talk ender that best describes modern gaming. I will never understand how arkane studios went from Dishonored to this in such a short amount of time, which hurts my heart because Dishonored was the first and only arcane game I've ever played. Redfall much like anthem and Marvel's The avengers will go down as one of the biggest gaming tragedies of all time.
Arcane studios are weird, they make some of the best games like dishonoured and prey   Then they make shit like redfall and wolfenstein: youngblood
Reminds me of Biomutant. It just feels unfinished.
Can't wait for an Angry Joe Redfall review lol
Who even asked for this game, who is the target audience. No one cares about cringe vampire shooters right? at least not in this state. Especially not from some unknown vampire universe no one cares about or has any familiarity with. I dont understand why this even exists.
You subscribe to Gamepass for $10 and in return, you get games that are $10's worth. A fair trade in my book.
"repeated quests that you do on more than one occasion because safehouses will ask you to do the same thing" - Preston Garvey entered the chat
Man, I’m not sure I’ve ever heard you sound so fucked off!
Can't wait for the invevitable crowbat video on this
Oh my god, this is the first time I won't tell my friends about a Skill Up review. Even when the games were not recommended, the videos were always a blast, filled with the usual Skill Up tone and insight everyone here has become accustomed to. But this was rough to listen to from start to finish.  Hopefully better games are on the horizon, for us and for our favorite reviewer. Thank you for your sacrifice, the time you lost making this will be remembered.
I feel like this game is deserving of an internet historian video 💀
$70
Skill Up, what is up at 23:15? It looks like when you use your ult you start aim botting.
It’s genuinely devastating that this game is so bad. The dishonored series is my favorite of all time. There exist no games quite like them. I really hope Arkane can return to form because they’re breaking my heart.
I forget who said it first, but I think I agree that pushing Redfall out of the door in this technical state was a 'cut your losses and get to much greener pastures' decision. I think Microsoft just begrudgingly released this out of some contractual obligation and intend to move Arcane to much better projects.
So how many *good* games is 2023 gonna have? It didn't seem like much right now
This shit costs $70.
Whether we wanted it or not, we’ve stepped into war with the Cabal on Mars.
And they want $70 for it?
Arkane is a mess since Raphaël Colantonio left.
Is this game worse that Fallout 76?
Damn, that comparison with GoW Ragnarok and Tears of the Kingdom really put things into perspective 😅
this game looks terrible shut down the studio tbh.
Did that ogre just fucking whip???
Some of the just random clips from the game, at any point in this video, look bad. It's a real shame, but the writing was on the wall with this one anyway.
Oh yah, try the one character with the “robot “.
It's an absolute spit in the face , to charge players 70$ for this garbage 🗑️ of a game.. absolutely unbelievable.
Even watching this gameplay looks soooo bad. This looks like a game that was made by like 1 guy in his basement as a fun project.
It doesn't surprise me at all.  This studio is crap for years, and I've been saying they're disgustingly overrated since allways.  I hope they people now realize that they are not and have never been the studio that people think they are.
Did they like fire all the people who made Deathloop and replaced them with a bunch of interns?
Right up until 29:38 I was waiting to be told I should try it out on gamepass. You disappoint me shill.
This might actually be the year where I lose hope for AAA games forever, Thank god the indie games scene is thriving or else I wouldnt have bothered to play anything.
Someone seriously needs to ensure 'IGN person' sees this review. And I hereby join in this collective apology to them 😬
Damn this game is hot trash. I knew when they did the box checking diversity tropes for the characters that it was going to be bad.
ppl who made this should be fined and banned from all games for all time.
I'm ready for the gaming industry to crash again
So 3/10 normal but 7/10 gamepass launch
A freaking awesome review. Great fun.
I know that you would rather see Prey 2 and believe me, I would like that too. But imagine if Prey 2 was released with this...ehm...production "quality". I much prefer if some unknown IP nobody cares about takes the hit, to be honest. It's a bit like the Forspoken situation - if they have to screw up this badly, at least they didn't take any of my favourite IPs down with them.
I'm probably stating the obvious, but we need to acknowledge that the gaming industry officially has no brand quality assurance. We once trusted rock star developers and rock star studios, both of which have failed on banking on their names. Game development is a black hole of talent, which rapidly destroys anything that falls in. The men and women you think are geniuses exist only in the past, and what exists today, talking and boasting to you on YouTube PR videos, are just Theseus's Ships of degrading cell matter.   The same can be said of game studios, whose people cycle out so rapidly that none of the knowledge or talent is retained in the group.  At this point I could possibly cite Nintendo, From Software, or Capcom as businesses that have adhered to some standard, but this is just the nostalgia and cherry picking of a fallible mind. The laws of entropy apply to everything, and whatever talent these studios have will age and die off like anything else, leaving the corporatized brain dead drones to man the computers in their wake.  The point of all this is that you need to stop looking at who's developing what, and just see the individual products that come out. Brand quality in the gaming industry is just another trick of the hype machine. It no longer exists, save only to lie to you to take your money.
Microsoft are a joke company when it comes to gaming. All that money and they can’t put out a good game. Anyone cheering for them to swallow up all the big studios/publishers need to realise they’re pretty useless and it will harm the medium we love.
Have you tried mouse and keyboard with this game?  It’s good for s + giggles.  Go ahead try it!  Oh yah I have Xbox game pass.
"If a developer can't be bothered to finish their game, why should I?"  That quote sums up my AAA gaming experience from the past 5 years.
Death of the Outsider came out in 2017....what a way to fall in 6 years.
jason schreier is eatin good these next few weeks boys
Arkane somehow found a way to screw up the un-screw-upable.
The part where you've talked about the movie theater mission i literally said to myself out loud what a fucking joke thats supposed to be an actual story mission in a video game lol 😂
Yeah... I'd put money on Starfield being terminally flawed at this point.
damn bro pulled out the father of immersive sims card to roast this to oblivion
I was skeptical of the promises Starfield made already (gave me way too many No Man's Sky vibes) but now I'm concerned that it's going to be a major flop too. Yikes.
Reason number 873 for why you should never ever preorder, kiddos !
Being on the green side is really tough
It feels like companies are now competing for most rushed/unfinished game
Reminds me of borderlands 1 and I like it but that’s because I only paid GP sub, no chance I would pay full price for this. But I would say 7/10 so far for me.😊
Well this was quick
Microsoft answer wasn't the minecraft spinoff?
Triple A studios are seeing how much they can leave out and get away with, and how much we are willing to pay for it. The bar was lowered today, but hopefully sales will be catastrophic for Arcane.
Stories told through writing and audio is not a bad thing. Take Arkham Asylum for example. The audio logs are some of the best parts of that game. However, it should COMPLIMENT traditional storytelling, NOT replace it
This whole review make me wonder if we have already lived the peak of video games.
Remember when the former PlayStation president, Shuhei Yoshida, admitted how many PlayStation games get canned without people knowing? Games like this is why that happens. Save time, save money, save developer’s psychological well-being. This junk isn’t worth your time and sure isn’t worth the development time to fix it.
Arkane i understand that this is not your A-team.  But when the product is in this state you don't release it because it will damage your brand.   I was excited for this since it was from Arkane, and generally don't spoil myself before release, but i also don't jump the gun, so this review cycle is a bit of a dissapoitment.
I always wonder what the vibe is like in a dev studio after these releases.
Whenever there is a black person at front i automatically assume the content is going to be bad unless later proven otherwise, which rarely happens like with Nolen's Tenet.
It's apparent that this game was not ready and absolutely rushed by Microsoft, they should be ashamed.
Was this game made by unpaid Arcane interns in their free time on weekends? How does this happen?
This game makes Outriders look like GOTY.
The cutscenes are on a level with everspace 2’s which were shit but understandable with it being an AA game… I’d expect more from a first party game from a MS studio priced like it is
This game made me hop on Destiny… and I haven’t touched it in two months. Guardian Games is fun tho
Every single Arkane game has that horrible inputs latency on console. God knows why, but it's clearly a house style at this point.
Honestly for the last 10 years ive just been getting indie games because theyve always been consistently better quality than a majority of the triple A games we've been getting. Kinda fucked up considering the whole point of triple A game development was supposed to make masterpiece quality games and yet im happier dicking around in slime rancher
Oof. I feel sorry for the people who shelled out $70 for this. Not even Gamepass can convince me to try this out.
Can someone do a deep investigative dive into Arkane? How did the studio behind the dishonored series and prey become a studio that makes shit like this? I am having an alright time playing this game with friends but solo experience is just terrible.
i have never in my life gotten a headache from a video game... redfall managed to give me a massive migraine. my eyes felt terrible... from the zooming in while sprinting, to the lack of options for scope in sensitivity, to the horrible framerate drops... mixed with just how fast everything moves (why is the sprint speed SO fast??). I gave it a chance thinking i'll form my own opinion. it was terrible. i am so glad i did not pay for the game. it's like nobody tested the game before it was released, or someone salad tossed ideas in a bowl and said, yup, this is good to release. awful. 0/10.
Glad I left Arkane: Austin when I did 😂
Just wow. What a review... MS is really strugling to land any good games and having a first party game this bad...  Sony would never allow this to happen I'm sure. Even Days Gone that launched quite buggy and didn't reach the sales targets or whatever was miles ahead of this.
skill-up's (red)fall into despair
This game looks like arcane's version of april fools. I refuse to believe this game is real😂😂
Is this a joke?
Arkane has been going downhill ever since Prey. Deathloop sucked ass too.
Feel extremely sorry for the majority at Arkane who will have no doubt seen this coming yet still be heartbroken at the absolute shitkicking the game has got today/yesterday. Whether it's Microsoft or some other upper management issue at Arkane itself they need to sort it out ASAP otherwise they may as well not develop anything else. My biggest worry is that they take a huge financial hit and that Microsoft disbands the studio as the reviews are so bad it could literally kill them. I would still like to see a Dishonored 3 and Prey 2.
How does this game run at sub 30fps on a Series X, while looking WORSE than Left 4 Dead 2. Genuinely, how is that even a possibility in this day and age? I get game development is hard, but this seems intentionally bad. It reminds me heavily of Metal Gear Survive, a game near universally panned. But I think it might actually be better than this...    Please Arkane, abandon this. Don't for the love of God continue to support this game. It's unsalvageable, a complete waste of time, resources and effort. Learn from all these numerous mistakes and let it die.
Every time they raise prices they tell us it's so they can make better games. Every time the games get worse.
Business men need to get the hell away from our games.
Dishonored >Prey > Deathloop > Redfall  It's Evolving, Just Backwards..
So much comedy in this review. 😂 Good times. Almost as funny as me preordering the deluxe and being refused a refund. 😅
Why does this game look like it’s from 2007
Does anyone know what happened to his brother?  He gave up video games?
Shill, we need some live mic reactions during your testing. I gotta imagine your "lack of enemies" reaction was aces.
Starfield is next and id put good money on that game being an absolute fuck fest as well.
Ouch..
What the fuck..? 😐 This looks abysmal.
Prey 2017 is my favorite game of all time.  R.I.P Arkane :(
Your character looks like Orlando bloom
I was thrown off by how monotone and unenthusiastic you sounded at the beginning of the video. I thought, “oh he must be doing a bit” because even when you review trash games you have a lot of energy when describing what you disliked about them. The longer it went on, I slowly started to realized that you’re actually just completely dejected by how bad this turned out. I’m sure being a big Arkane fan made this one even tougher to push through than other terrible games.
1:32 Technically, the last game they made was Deathloop from 2021, which still had animated cutscenes
And to think, we could have had another Dishonored in the time it took to make this dumpster fire.
You summed up everything i felt after downloading 77 gb of this catastrophe and playing it for 2 hours. We dont need to have any support for this kind of game and Arkane Austin should take a "never try this again" approach to Red Fall. I can honestly say Far Cry 3 on Xbox 360 did EVERYTHING better way back then.
Most AAA developer /publisher, developing and selling hype not games anymore.
It’s sad seeing Microsoft throw all that money out there and getting none of it in return.
I gotta ask: [although I haven't finished the video] Did everyone just forget about Deathloop? That's Arkane TOO
I love my Gamepass on Xbox, but this is worrisome! Yeaks
I love this game 💖❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
I honestly can't believe this is Arkane now...
Starfield needs to be an absolute 10/10 or I can see big problems at Microsoft
I knew when I first saw this was an arkane game that my favorite studio was dead. Deathloop was a great disappointment as well.
its simple, deathloop dumbed down the arkane formula considerably and it got raving reviews from people that likely had issues with old arkane games. Now they thought they could cut back even more or were told to change the core game design by microsoft.
I disagree this is not the standard but a outliner
Xbox BLEW IT again. 🤣
*Looks at title* Shocker.
It was obvious from the get-go this game was a total dud. Then again dishonored 1& 2 and Prey were great but didn't get commercial success, so there's that.  Immersive sims are great but don't make money
Don’t own an Xbox or PC and this game wasn’t on my radar. Just watched this because I like Skill Up and was curious just how bad the game could be. And holy shit, I can’t believe they had they actually put a dumpster fire like this out for sale. Xbox owners and Arkane fans, you have my sympathy.
so my theory is that microsoft said ok finish what you had in the shop and we will move forward from there lol its the only explanation
This is hands down Microsofts influence. Arkane wouldn't have even thought of this garbage.
Xbox didn't get Meet Your Maker on game pass,and really couldn't afford another flop,but here it is, wtf,the infected is developed by 1 person,and it already beat all this schlock!
Damn that parking lot with the three identical trucks is one of the laziest ass things i’ve ever seen in a game.
People need to realize that development companies are like the ship of Theseus - employees are replaced over the years and as the business expands more people are brought in. The team that made the game you loved 10 years ago doesn't exist anymore.
I think I’d rather just play Vampyr again
@4:13, try punching a car window.  it makes a breaking sound, but doesn't break...
Played this for a total of 1 hour. (Game Pass.  Not payin extra money for this BS) Died 9 times.  Last time was when I accidentally shot the oil by a car with my pistol and the F**king world exploded…  Uninstalled immediately.
Thanks for pointing out how awful controls are from Xbox, that alone made me give up on it.
This is why I love your reviews. Not only do you talk about the game itself, but you touch on the meta narrative, and what the game you’re reviewing means for the industry.
A damn shame. I was really looking forward to this one.
"Last time they introduced you to a video game it sounded like this" Already forgotten about Deathloop huh, can't blame you.
I took one look at the name of this game and gave up even thinking of it. Thanks for letting me know I made the right choice not buying it.
The absolute hilarity of getting an advert for redfall on this video; like I'm gd thx bro, try again.
20 years ago we've had Masquerade: Bloodlines game, it had this indie feel to it, it was dirt cheap (for me anyway, regional pricing and all that). It was a bugged mess but still playable, then I replayed it with community fixed later. And it still was a brilliant master piece with all these things.  Fastforward today. And we have redfall. Can't believe I had even a little faith in this.
Sony's games treat their players as people with high intelligence and deliver the best possible experiences, while Microsoft's games think you're an idiot and offer the most simplistic and mundane experiences.
After playing for a few hours, it's feels like an early access tech demo. Nothing feels finished. The controls are awful. The physics are crazy. Half the time i run from point to point and no one is around. Nearly every non-vamp enemy is just pointless since they have awful AI and just do nothing. Vampires are so fast the controls are awful for controller no matter the sensitivity. The missions are boring, go to place, pick up thing, fast travel home. If this was a 1 person dev team it would be ok. I cannot imagine this is the game they wanted to release and Microsoft made them close it up to just have something released in that 12 month window they committed to last year
Microsoft really needed a W with one to help them stay relevant, and got a massive L instead. I haven’t touched my Xbox in literal years and it’s games and reviews like this that remind me why that is. Just sad to see how far the quality has fallen since the 360 glory days.
I completely agree with all of your criticisms. I absolutely would not bother with this game if it were single player only, and I definitely wouldn't pay $70 for it, but the co-op is actually really fun.  There's more enemies, all of the classes abilities work together and it seems like this game was designed with co-op in mind.
Ralph? you alright mate? no put the bottle down ralph it won't help. RALPH WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH THAT GUN RALPH STO...... shit
It's funny, I basically called how this whole launch would go to my friend.  And it's truly sad, because Arkane used to be one of those developers that I had confidence in to make quality products. I was rooting for them, I did not want this game to fail.   What's even weirder to me though is the amount of people that seem to use "you don't have to spend $70 because it's on gamepass" as some weird roundabout way to make excuses for how bad this game truly is.  Also a couple funny observations.  One of the quotes on their Redfall store page promoting the game was from none other than Noisy Pixel, the reviewer who leaked their 4/10 review of the game early.  The quote has since been removed lol.  And also IGN Spain giving it an 8/10 saying "Redfall becomes Arkane's most fun game: no moral dilemmas, no existential doubts..." Game good because story shallow.
xbox - We must have a game that matches PlayStation forspoken
Every Zenimax game is going to be like this. This was a transaction, not an investment.
If you continue with these reviews on that high level, you will turn to my new TotalBiscuit (sprinkle some more sarcasm/jokes into your review)! Love it! PS: RIP TB :(
a game with very few ennemis could be fun if the ennemis were all dreadful foes
At this point in time, with this busted mid ass game being Xbox’s flagship title, I genuinely worry for the future of Xbox. I have very little faith in Starfield and Todd Howard, and the ActiBlizzard deal looks like a long shot. They’re spending soooo much money currently to make mediocre games, I have to imagine the ONLY thing keeping them afloat is Game Pass. Otherwise I believe that Microsoft’s higher ups would be looking to pull the plug on the games division, as they considered once before, and as they’ve done with countless other efforts in the past.
This is partly why the indi scene does so we'll. They don't bullshit their way through their game.
I honestly can't imagine the environment in the Xbox offices this week. It must be absolutely horrendous. I've always been a PC and PlayStation guy. It looks like it will forever stay that way. Woof.
Can't wait for this game to get like 4 sets of DLC that nobody asked for
Back in my day the movies where black and white and didn't have sound!!! Animations!!! The privilege of this generation!!
I feel like I’m the only one who’s enjoying this game 😂
I'm guessing this is why Microsoft is pushing so hard for the Activision acquisition to come through. It seems that only Call of Duty can keep the XBOX consoles afloat after a lot of shoddy releases and practices of their exclusives. Halo MCC/5/Infinite, State of Decay 2, Crackdown 3, Sea of Thieves, and now this. If the acquisition fails, MS is in big trouble.
Fatality!!!
This is a goddamn embarrassment Arkane....goddamn embarrassment.
man what kind of garbage is this? like deathloop also had a lot of issues but at least it felt like a triple-a game this thing looks like some indie early access cash garb
Yes am inspired to make a YouTube video just bashing trash talking about a game that just came out apparently it’s popular to be Toxic Gamers now next game that’s out.
This is like the complete opposite of Dead Island 2 in terms of the world. This is how you don't do an open world, large areas of literally nothing in it vs Dead Island 2 with it's more closed off mini-open areas but are dense with enemies and things to discover or just look at.
I just bought the Steelseries Arctis Nova 7x to replace my Astro A50 for Xbox. I love them! They're very comfortable and sound great. Good mic too. My A50's still work, its just the Astro A50 xbox dock that died. So I use them on my PS5 and the Nova's on my Xbox Series X. Other than that, i have nothing good to say about Redfall. It makes me kind of nauseous to play... Something about the movement... its just unplayable for me. Back to Jedi Survivor and MW2 for me then :)
You always know its bad when the game is on sale before release. Its a shame because i really liked Arkane games in the past. This is happening so much i have to think studio heads are just sayings release it we will patch it later.
Anti vampire technique “chair”. 🤣
This kind of review should be out 3 weeks before release.. its freakin mass fraud on corporate level.
Im somehow even more cautious about starfield
I have been warning people about Starfield since the last trailer. I can see the Fallout/Skyrim in space paint job it has.
Dishonored 1 was excellent. Dishonored 2 foreshadowed this travesty by being essentially a shallow copy that added almost nothing of value to the immersive sim aspect of Dishonored 1, and that only continued to decrease with Prey. This has been a long time coming. Whoever was responsible for the real genius of Dishonored 1 is long, LONG gone. Probably Bethesda's fault, who knows.
I could smell your boredom even before I clicked on the video
ouch
Seriously, this game has me wondering if i should renew my gamepass subscription...  this generation in gaming has been pretty terrible so far... im still playing last gen games more than new releases.
I'm not even that big of a fan of vampires but this is a disgrace to the genre. It's such a shame that Vampire games get pushed out without being finished.   See Vampire the masquerade and bloodlines, both are x100 times better than this hot garbage.
This is so sad. I'm not much of a FPS player, neither am I a co-op player, but I had high hopes for this. After seeing two hours of gameplay from a YouTube streamer last night and reading/watching reviews I have lost all interest in trying this game.
I love that you botched the presentation and flow of the review just to represent how the amount of low effort they put on this game. Bravo! Also I hope the leads, producers and higher-ups have to sit down in silence and watch this review to make sure they get the message.
This is truly the game for the modern games journalist: No Content, no Challenge, no Soul and lots of dollars spent on marketing and PR
Everyone seems shocked at how bad this game is, but after seeing deathloop this game isn't that much of a surprise. Yeah deathloop was better, but it's definitely not what I would call a "good" game
Oh man, if I heard that few sentences at 26 min in as a developer of this game I would have died a bit inside.
Honestly I don't wanna hate but I feel bad for Xbox fans. This is not what they deserve. On the hand it's always a joy to watch Skill up methodically  tear up a bad game
I don't know who Arkane is and tbh I don't really give a shit. Redfall is still kinda ass, though
i hate the ui sway in this game
Everyone else: play with friends to have some sense of fun.  Skill up: there is absolutely no way i would subject my friends to a second of this.  Use this so you know who your real friends are 🥲
this game represents the future of gaming industry 😐 we live in a sad time of gaming 👎
I'm sad to see the game this bad, I didn't experience a lot of what he did, but the empty world and brain dead AI is what is killing this game for me. So disappointed!
so glad to see you mention that this is on Microsoft. Phil Spencer allowed this game to ship in this state, and it's absolutely on him and he should be feeling the heat for this. It's insane how many people will reach so hard to avoid blaming Phil but i'd argue he needs to go at this point. Bring in somebody who knows how to deal with video game development.
This is not a catastrophe, this is a SCAM!
Oh god I burst out laughing at 11:00, that animation combined with the sound and unceremonious ragdoll is absolutely hilarious
oh no, i have no words
"Game dev is hard" lmao.
Whoever got the season pass for this game is a complete moron and sucker
The review itself is a perfect reflection of the boring, messy AAA title of a game that Redfall is.  GG Skillup, GG
Big L for Microsoft. It's not about buying up all the IP's, it's about putting out content you can be proud of and Microsoft hasn't for a long time.
So they worked on this game for 5 years!  is this Anthem all over again.. or is this oh it doesn't have to be a great game cos its going on gamepass. Maybe first party gampass games isn't such a good idea.
Did Arkane really betray us with this filth? Or was it the suits that forced this game out as is?  😢😢😢😢
I was planning on buying an Xbox before Starfield came out, so I could buy it and play it on day one because that’s how bad I want that game to be awesome that I was willing to take a gamble just so I can play it day one but now I will not be buying an Xbox or star field until it is praised across-the-board by people like skill up. Please God don’t let Starfield get fucked up.
I hope IGN person actually sees this video.
I don't believe Arkane made this game. Or they were being held at gunpoint while making this.
The last time we had an Arkane game was deathloop and that intro was also good
This review is hilarious. Damn this game is bad.
Honestly just astounded that this is the same team that developed Prey 2017, one of my favorite games of all time.  EDIT: I'd forgotten that Raph was the director on Prey. But Harvey Smith - HARVEY SMITH, the LEAD DESIGNER on Deus Ex and arguably just as much responsible for that masterpiece as Spector - was Redfall's creative director. I'm just so, so disappointed.
Make you wonder if Microsoft did any meddling with the development and forced them to make changes to speed up development etc
The producers of this game should be jailed lmfao.
How have they not said sorry for this and issued refunds
This seals the deal for me, It was forced to be pushed out way ahead of the time. The idea of not having any animated cut scenes and just a slide show really adds weight to this.   Especially the scene with the film on the projector, as some who loves Arcane's art style and has a bunch of their art books, this is totally a piece of concept art that they threw in there to have "something"  It really breaks my heart... As someone who works in the artist field, arcane studio from its art to story to everything in between was something I always looked up to, I guess not really any more. :(
We're definitely going to get an exposé on the development of this game at some point. I can only imagine how many talented developers are just aching to anonymously explain wtf happened with this train wreck.
While I know this wasn't made by Bethesda proper this is still a Bethesda property and it being this bad gives me very little hope for starfield.
This game is worse than those Adobe Flash browser games back in the day.
This is what happens when media give deathloop, an indie game packaged as AAA, a free pass.  The company didn't "suddenly go bad" in a day, there were warning signs all these years.
Bethesda (the developer) and Arkane have something in common: they are relatively low tech developers that focus on world building over sophisticated graphics, multiplayer, etc.  Bioware is another, non-Microsoft company who are also like this.  Their strengths are everywhere except technical.  So for these developers to decide (or be ordered) to make a multiplayer looter shooter is a massive strategic blunder.  Developers, like any profession, have strengths and expertise in certain areas.  Many corporate business types don't understand this.  They think that if a developer can do a game, then they can do any game.  If the devs complain, they just get given more time, but not enough extra time.  An extreme amount of extra time is needed for a dev team to make a game they lack experience in.  We saw it with Anthem and Fallout 76.  Plus, if the devs lack confidence or interest, they will be even slower. If Arkane/Microsoft had any sense, what they should do is abandon Redfall and use the assets and maybe even the theme (vampires) to make a single player game that plays to Arkane's strengths, rather than trying to patch up a game like Redfall where they clearly lack experience and interest.  Maybe even give a discount to people who bought Redfall outright (not that I think that likely).
The graphics look worse than anything I've played in 2007
The fact that this game is FREE on GamePass, and yet i have NO intention of playing it after watching this review, says everything!
i thought it was just the xbox version and downloaded it on pc and its just as janky and shitty lmao what a dud as bad as that gotham guy
Arcane games always have the worst controls. You’d think after so many shooters that they would figure it out….but nope
Steelseries is absolutely hot fucking garbage and nobody should buy anything from them
Can’t wait to see angry Joe rip into this one
Ouch.
12:56 - Bloodbag: "I don't wanna be in this game..."
expected from gamepass shovelware LOOL. this is the type of crap you can expect from micro$oft. bbutTT iTs On GamEpASs..... enjoy your shovelware xbots.
Dishonored 2 and Prey 2016 are and will be peak games made by arkane for a long long long time
Wow we are gonna look back on this one and laugh. There MUST be a wild story behind how this came to be.
it is honestly terrifying how Ralph can somehow manage to sneak Destiny into every single video he makes.
The way you’re having to move the camera to look and aim is actually sickening me. Like I actually feel ill looking at you struggling to just edge your view around.
4:05 Wow I died laughing at the car blowing up when you shot it in the window 😂😂
I actually think the Microsoft/arcane relationship happened in reverse. I think it's more likely arkane had the assets and planned game for redfall and then Microsoft said..no we want live service co op shit. We pay the bills do it.
This reminds me so much of making BioWare make Anthem
Why didn't you go over the history of the game in explaining why it is what it is?
Microsoft is killing Arkane, and Game Pass is killing Xbox.
All I want now is an extensive NoClip documentary about this shitstorm of a game. 😢
I can’t believe I downloaded this last night on Game Pass to play today. I’ve probably wasted a few Watts in electricity keeping my PC powered on to do it. 😂
Well I’m going to thank you… I thought I was just terrible at this game. Turns out its the controller mech thats terrible. I was saying “yup” at all your points along the way.
I honestly believe Arkane did not want to make this at all. Maybe they did want to make vampire game but I'm sure they had a completely different vision for it. Would be no surprise at all if the higher ups (AKA, not the actual devs) pushed them to make something that's looty shooty or whatever. Imagine a dishonored-esque vibe but with vampires, I bet that's more what Arkane wanted to do
This is fast becoming a cliched accusation, but I have every reason to believe, just like the Saints Row reboot, that Redfall may just be an elaborate money laundering scheme by its investors. There is no way that a game from a triple-A studio like Arkane can be this bad. We are now in an age where free to play mobile/cross-platform games by Chinese companies have far better presentation and gameplay than most $60 - $70 triple-A games from the west.
25:53 I was thinking about this same thing during your review! They should just leave that game to die off and not waste more money on it! Microsoft SHOULD SHOW BALLS AND TELL THEM to just move on to a different thing, somehing they're being good at (if there is such thing anymore, at this point...).
I preordered Anthem. Got burnt. I won’t EVER preorder a game again. This is evidence that this sort of thing will continue to happen. It’s just sad.
Doom Eternal is still the best shooter
2023 is shaping to be wild as hell. Ultra bangers or trash can fires it seems.
Someone suggested that this wasn't the game they wanted to build, that MS swooped in, and after nipping  the PS5 version in the bud, told them to get it finished,ASAP.  Not saying that's what happened, but I'd like to think it did.  I'd hate to think Arkane dropped the ball this badly all by themselves.
2:04 the picture on the right feels like it's a racist caricature of every ethnicity at once
I was dying at the high quality stealth kill animation: *ELBOW BONK*
Passive-aggressive Skill Up is the best version of Skill Up lol
Love seeing a negative review
The inevitable Jason Schreier deep dive on the creation of this game is going to be fire
"Brought to you by the devs responsible for dishonored and prey". Kinda like how Back 4 Blood was "brought to you by the devs responsible for Left 4 Dead"
This review is 10/10 😂
I would have totally been happy with a more contained, story driven immersive sim where you have sneak past vampires. There was so much potential in the world and lore. It seems like the studio was in over their head with the combat and open world.  I wonder if the project started as a contained single player game and then was pushed to become a Fry Cry Bizarro.
The Morbius of video games
good thing im not hyped for starfield....
If game dev is so hard these companies will have to set the bar lower, because this is not a viable product.
vampire : "stop me if you can"  a chair:
Damn that was terrible. Glad to be on PlayStation…
Looks like they should talk to Nikita and get some amped up scavs in there.
Ugh, I can't watch. But I'm watching.
I can't even call this a roast because it isn't even hyperbole. It's just facts and examples.   Such a shame. Why did I get an Xbox again? I really don't know.
Skill up lol you made me laugh with this one
This game sums up Xbox and Microsoft. Boring, generic and completely devoid of imagination. They have already lost this generation.
Fallout 76 is much better now, so… if that can be salvaged, I’m not sure that this can’t be… but yeah, I still agree that Arkane should move on.
Xbox disappoints again. Is anyone shocked, really?   I'm just hoping Starfield is worth my time.
It was in the name all along.  REDFALL...  redFallout...  redFallout 76....  Fallout 76... they just reskinned the game! We should be worried about microsoft games
This game is so bad I can't even make it through this Skill Up video...
I cannot wait for the "What' Happened" from Matt Mcmuscles.
Looks like Arcane has gone Archaic instead lol. I feel like the game was an attempt at a battle royale game but then changed half way.
I came in with low expectations and I was still disappointed it boring empty and the assault rifles feel broken I glad I played on game pass and not paid 70 dollars
I wonder how much of this falls on Microsoft themselves. So far this "merger" hasn't done any favors for Zenimax and their studios...
I love how you introduced each section of the review as if you were doing a presentation at school/work
On the other hand, Age of Wonder 4 released and am really enjoying it. Wondering if you were going to review that
great video man - was waiting for this one
Dude....It's a Bethesda game! Are you really that surprised afer what they've put out in the last few years!?!?!?
Isn't Arkane the same people that made the absolute pandering garbage that was Deathloop?
The seagull strikes again lol
This game needs to be killed with garlic and fire. Seriously, does it even do anything right? Thank god it did not come out with a "Collector Edition", else I would genuinely feel sad for the poor chaps.
Game Pass curse 🔮
11:00 good one
Best review ever 😂
As an Arkane fan, I'm gonna cope by pinning this whole thing on Arkane Austin's incompetence and look forward to Arkane Lyon's next creation.  Hopefully they have something cooking...
How does anyone let a game like this release, genuinely. I have a hard time believing one said “hey maybe we should delay this and address the major issues”.
I've been with Playstation since 1996, I have no interest in console wars, the only thing I ever played on XBOX was the OG Splinter Cell. What I'm getting from the discourse though is that Microsoft kills powerhouse studios. This here reminds me of Rare before and after the acquisition by Microsoft.
Sadly, the cutscenes look like they had the most creativity put into them and if they were done by a human and not shat out by an AI, they'd probably be one of the more competent aspects of what the game was meant to be like. The main problem is that they don't visually rhyme, synergize, or mirror another visual aspect of the game. In a different game, that kind of presentation can a creative and set the mood like in Darkest Dungeon. However, in a game like this it just sticks out like a sore thumb as something they probably had done in about 40 man hours for one reason or another.
I’m soooooo bummed that Arkanes win streak ended so catastrophically
Was never gonna play this but was looking forward to this video
Seems like xbox is in the gutter
Sounds like a completely phoned-in game.
Maaaaaan, i was actually kinda looking forward to playing this. Hard pass. Thanks for the review!!
Bring on starfield 🤭🤭🤭🤭
this is your sign to go get hifi rush which is perfect
Great review...going back to Halo Combat Evolved...F this game 😂😂😂😂😂
The only thing is that you *can't* just 'take the L and go', because if you do just say "Holy shit, we fucked up this video game really badly and it's not worth fixing", then the whole live service grift falls apart. Releasing broken, unfinished, and frankly unsalvagable games is what Live Service is all about, and if you break kayfabe by saying that the games *won't* ever be good because that requires the fully unhinged support of a Sunk-Cost locked audience that it flatly won't get, then the whole grift has the bottom fall out and when it's time for the NEXT one, you might get less buy in for your $70 dollar Anthem.
Im starting think all these shitty games are just convoluted money laundering operations…
So what you are saying is that this is a perfect game for today's game journos as it is "very accessible" for even door knobs that can't double jump in tutorials in other games. Gotcha.
Man, what happend to the industry? Is this all just Covid fallout?
The amount of hate this is receiving seems completely unwarranted. They made a game with a specific style that's not too different from their previous games. The expectation that every release a studio makes needs to be this groundbreaking experience is why the video game industry is so hesitant to take risks with new IP.
I always imagine like when AI are implemented properly in games. Imagine AIs learning your pattern. Learn from every deaths and just make the best enemies there is.
Play indie
Cant wait for that Matt Mcmuscles "What Happend" to see what went wrong here lol
Microsoft is doing an absolutely terrible job with their first-party games
Man, i saw reviews and thought to myself, it cant be that bad. Well, after spending at least 20 minutes trying to fix the controls i made it about 20 minutes into the game. It sucks. Feels absolutely terrible. I have pretty good accuracy in other fps games. I couldnt hit the broad side of a barn in this game. Hell just trying to highlight an item was hell.  As far as story/voice acting goes, it was laughable. This is not a aaa game. Its not worth 70 bucks. If youre curious, get it on game pass or wait for a sale
That is AAA gaming for you, want to charge more, deliver less and less
I would like to argue that the cutscenes and story being crappy would be ignorable if the gameplay was actually great, which is the real tragedy of this game. Because the gameplay is garbage. I'm so disappointed because the trailers actually looked interesting and I'm a big fan of Arkane. I feel like this is probably going to be the result for many AAA gamepass games, undercooked, unpolished, unfinished tech demos.
Another L. Horrible, just horrible.
i cant believe we got this from the creators of dishonored, one of my favorite games EVER MADE and for the whole reason it had an extremely well built immersive and interesting world and story.
Reminder that he rendered  his Atomic Heart review at 25fps
It seems we are starting to see the effects of lockdowns and remote work on game studios... very sad indeed. That plus the suits needing to make more money on each release, just leads to catastrophe it seems.
Oof. Big oof. This is easily one of the most damning reviews I have ever heard. Thank you, Skill Up, for your unbridled honesty.
A really odd miss. That said, I can tell just by looking at the UI and art style that they're in a pattern of repeating themselves. Time to scrap whatever they're working on and set a higher bar, imho.
EA has got to be so happy theres a worse game to take up the news cycle
Damn.. what a cluster fuck. I’ll just go play Prey or Dishonored.
I feel like Arkane gave this game to their interns to work on to give them something to do.  This is so unlike them.
y'know, maybe the acquisition of activision being blocked was a blessing in disguise
Arkane is one of my favorite studios and I still play Prey 2 and Moonrise.  This is such a bummer.
Plot Twist: What if Redfall devs actually became vampire and forgot how to finish developing a game?
Hey, anyone wanna buy my xbox? Need the money to get a PS5.
Like watching a train wreck or car accident.
This has been an incredible year for video games with Dead Space, RE4R, Hi-Fi Rush, among many others.  This makes Redfall look even worse.
18:05 oh this is comical, haha
"You can't pause this game even on single player"  Dark Souls and Elden Ring: 🦗🦗🦗
Shout out to the valus ta'aurc strike intro, always a classic
This makes me wanna play Dishonored, Prey, or even Deathloop
This is just shocking that this is an arkane game glad i cant even purchase it tbh….
This won't be a NMS story, in 2 years it will still be another meme game like CP2077 that people only use for benchmarks.
This game is not only bad, but 5 years late to the party. It should've come out in 2018 alongside F76, Youngblood, Elder Scrolls Blades and quickly faded into obscurity with the rest of them
Damn, it’s so sad to see Arkane fall this far.
15:25 Love how you stopped yourself form saying "bullshit." I played about 5 hours of this game on PC Gamepass. It really is this bad. The performance and AI bugs are probably the least bad things in this game. The entire design of the game is just so uninspired and incredibly boring. If it had great graphics at least it would be fun with spectacle, but it doesn't look good either. I think the only good thing to say about the game is the UI isn't bad (at least on PC I suppose), comparing weapons is really easy, and using the map is relatively pain-free. You can tell from the first hour, which should always be an incredibly polished experience that introduces a player to the world and gets them excited, that this game is as milquetoast as can be. Just a shame. Patching might fix some AI and graphical bugs but the core design of the mechanics in this game is just so shallow and uninteresting.
This game had zero marketing right?I literally never heard about it before this video Edit: after watching the video...wow I see why they didnt advertise this like wtf this game is so bad it looks like it was made by A.I
This is the best review you have made imo.
Honest question: who even asked for this kind of game? I feel like some AI in the Entertainment Industry decided its the vampires time to shine with all the new Vampire stuff coming in both gaming and movies. Yet I couldnt care less and I feel like I am not alone on this one.
Bruuuh another studio ruined by Microsoft💀
Redfall Andromeda
Arkane makes Ubisoft look good.  PS: happy I drank an energy drink with gamepass included, waited a month to redeem it for this... Saved €70, so I'm happy. Uninstalled after 40 minutes of gameplay and I have a shitload more fun watching all these reviews
thanks i think i'll get it when its $20 or less
Finak remarks hits hard, im busy person so i had not seen earlier footage, thankful on this review, i’ll be avoiding this game
0:41 wtf is this, shadow pop in on 1m away ship and notebook WITHIN a cutscene omg this game
You know it's bad when Skill Up doesn't give a game an intro or any background music.
You think MS wouldve gave Arkane Treyarch's dual stick API
One of the sole redeeming qualities of Redfall's release was that is came with Gamepass, so I don't feel put out or like I've wasted any money on it. Just started playing it yesterday, and it feels like a game design stuck in prior generations, PS3, Xbox One generation with the lack of animation, the awful graphics, the floaty controls, etc.
Whoever the head of this project was did a poor job. They should feel embarrassed letting this game release in this state.
This empty word reminds me of The Day Before trailer, when the character was just jogging for 15 minutes in empty streets. At least that game had a nice cake, here we got fuck all. Massive L.
This game makes me feel like they strapped Arkane to a chair and forced them to make a game at gunpoint.
I can’t be the only one who thought this was supposed to a be an open ended Left 4 Dead, right?  Up until I played it that’s what I thought it was going to be (I’ll be honest I didn’t really watch any marketing aside from the reveal at E3).
EA should thank Arkane for diverting attention away from them.
I'm not a massive fan of arkane games. I had fun with dishonoured, but the rest aren't great, and deathloop was not for me
Skillup is hilarious. I want better games to be released but this was the funniest review I've seen and loved watching it.
I had the same menu issues on the Gamepass version of Deathloop which is why i gave up on it. The menu would just stay on top of the game like a Photoshop layer and id need to alt+f4
I think the darkest scenario here is that the numbers come in a few weeks from now, and the game has sold very well/GamePass subscriptions skyrocketed.
Arkane just needs to make a dishonored co op game and actually take their time. This Microsoft acquisition has truly fucked over this game at least if this was published by sony it would be polished lol
not defending the game, but I feel some things needed to be addressed : first of all I played Redfall on game pass for about 2 hours, and I watched some reviews, have abit of some understanding behind some game designs;  1. this game was Arkane AUSTIN, I believe they wanted to be separate from Arkane Lyon? 2. regarding level progression, shillup being near the end of the game, but it is HIS SOLO game, and playing multiplayer lets you keep your EXP and Levels and skill progression, so clearly they wanted you to play co-op to level up further and get more skills that way (although I don't know why anyone would want to do the same shit over n over just for exp but to each their own) 3. Jacob's raven skill is also obviously designed for the mp co-op where the raven marks target for your friends to wallhack AND THEN the raven does damage while your party wails on the 2 vampires in the house that they totally couldn't have seen without the raven.  still, I'll admit I wouldn't touch the game with a 10 mile pole if it wasn't on game pass, merlin knows why anyone bought it at full price lmao edit : factchekd
It should be illegal for triple-A gaming studios to use static slideshow cutscenes. That's reserved for indie studios that does not enjoy the luxury of investor pumped money.
I got a Redfall advert part way though, talk about an act of futility.
They should not have switched game engines.
Gotham Knights, Redfall, Kill the Justice League... what a timeline.. I just hope devs will learn that games like Guardians of the Galaxy are the way to go, not.. whatever the fuck these games are.
I’m so glad it came out on Xbox game pass and I didn’t pay $70 for this
the game probably developed using ai and very low skilled developers
Man, this game looks so low effort and incomplete even the "You Died" font is bland AF. It's a vampire game! How hard is it to, idk, add some blood effects on the death screen???
Wow. Just wow. The Bugthesda curse continues... and they didn't even make this, just published it. Did it just go from noon to midnight in 2 seconds?! 🤣😂🤣
Game was rushed out pure and simple . It needed at least another 2 years of dev time
The game perfectly reflects the console. It's shit.
Why do I get the feeling Redfall was the product of Zenimax management wanting an open world always online game to spew Micro-Transactions onto, then Microsoft came along and told them to add more "story" and that's how we got this mess?
Ive been thinking this for years. Stargield will for sure be Skyrim shooting edition Superficial,massive and underwhelming
Have an upvote for using "Whether we wanted it or not." But for real, great video. I'm sad to see what has become of Arkane.
There's no fixing this trash.
They made dishonored, a literal masterpiece and now this?
And now I’d like to talk about how good this review is.  It was really good.
Am I missing something cuz I haven't heard any of my friends say anything bad about it yet
This just makes me sad. Prey(2017) and it’s dlc expansion Mooncrash are some of my favorite games ever. They had so much great level design and such a vast way to approach different challenges. The atmosphere and environment were one of a kind. It’s the type of game you can tell was crafted with passion.I was so excited to see how Redfall would evolve the foundations that prey and dishonored had laid down. To see that this is what came of it is disappointing. The nonfunctional AI, the graphical bugs and glitches, and the worst offender the overall game design. It’s disheartening to see such a respected studio drop the ball like this. It makes you wonder if something happened during development
I'm beginning to believe this dude actually has destiny related mental health issues.  Manages to mention it in every review. Shits baffling.
I'm so glad I told my friend not to buy this game.
This is crackdown all over again, heads should roll at MS, $20billion invested and so far all they have to show for it is this and hi fi rush
What a shame. Dishonored is one of my favorite games of all time and i couldn't stomach even 30 minutes of this game.
I bought a pair of steelseries headphones for $175. Good quality audio, but so uncomfortable on the head with that little strap. They ended up becoming backups to the much more comfortable corsair void.
This game had great potential. Really hope the developers fix everything or if the modding community can do something to this to make it there own.
Considering they made Prey and Moon crash (a pair of criminally underrated games) i can't believe they've willing put this game out in the state it's in.  Somebody has to do some digging to find out what happened.
Tbh all I had to see was the thumbnail to know for sure.
Not only are you the best video game reviewer on the internet but you have a special niche way to articulate a games feeling to US (your audience) that we truly feel it in an honest form.  Even better you are funny and I laughed out loud numerous times and us hearing how bad a game is and all the flaws is somehow enjoyable.  I couldn’t wait to watch this entire video.  You might be onto something special for reviewing more BAD games.  You should do more bad games not just the popular games.  Reminds me of angry video game nerd a bit.  I love it.  Thanks as always.
I actually died when you stealth killed that guy. I'm sending this comment from heaven.
Hey SKILLUP Ryan mcaffrey every time is trying to protect Xbox games , he is being biased as it can be.
I've watched a few videos of this game now and it seems like an awful lot of time is spent shooting red outlines.
brutal.
Publishers need to be held accountable for releasing broken games, this trend in modern gaming needs to stop!!
Xbox studios present :
this is the standard microsoft game quality
really grt funny video
I already removed it from my Steam wishlist. I am not even buying this garbage with a huge discount. This game simply is not worth my time at all.  What a disgraceful downfall for Arcane.
But guys arent you excited to pre order 70$ early access betas come on now i mean it's only going to take them two years to fix.
That stealth kill animations was glorious
Starfield will be worst than this, I can see it comming.
I shouldn't be as excited to read this title.. but damn.. am I super happy to read that title lol that's frustrating that there's like no dialog between characters I LOVED left for dad's type of chat while we fought through zombies made it realistic.
great Crowbcat video as always, keep up the good work
Dishonored 3: Betrayal and Prey 2: Symbiosis
It sucks that Ralph is so vicariously offended.
What an incredibly awesome idea to completely shit the bed on.
Microsoft have released more Xbox controller variants than first party titles in the last 2 years.  Until we meet again! 💀
Borderlands was the same way to change guns and nobody cried then. Im all for giving criticism where its deserved but lets be fair
Was actually Gutted  this wasn’t on PlayStation, quite glad it’s shit
I can feel the joy in your voice about this game. So inspiring :P Also, WTF are these controls? Are we talking about the devs who made Dishonored here?
What happened to Arkane? They got bought by Microsoft, that’s what.
Prey had an amazing weapons wheel, taking inspiration from infinite loop and now this shit. Its like they regressed 15 years. That sound and menu not closing is scripting issue. Most likely some sort of a loop is created. Basically shoddy programming.
Redfall's only legacy will be that people used to think it was going to be the name of TES 6.
Yeah, well, but it is really diverse.
Redfall is at least an 85/100. The Sony Pony propaganda is corrupting the media and gamer’s minds to hate an actually fantastic game. It’s only getting hate because of the Sony Propaganda Machine.
im glad you mentioned microsoft. i knew it was bad after what happened with infinite, but honestly this is it.. this is the best they can do. im out. i regret so much buying into this system. i just repurchased all my third party games on the ps story. im switching fuck this
The title alone makes me happy : )
he said Anthem .. and now im sad again
Imagine how bad the Devs feel after seeing this title in their YouTube feed
Awesome review. Terrible overall game.
Every other review feels like an opinion. That's fine, everyone is entitled to one, and some reviewers may have opinions that line up with your own more often than not. Great. But man... When Skillup does an in-depth review, it's on another level. Skill-up reviews all but demand a response. They are so well researched, never content to rely on a simple subjective summary. They break down the game design, and what makes something special, and what makes something broken. Skillup reviews, in my opinion, are as close to objective as a review can get.
Im looking at this review and thinking Hellgate: London did it better. And thats just awkward 🤣
Never played a game from arcane. Dishonored was a joke. Right at the start you are wrongfully accused of a murder and you just stand there with your silent protagonist, not even saying "it wasn't me". Prey 2 was the most boring thing for me. I guess somebody bought the game simce they are still in business. I'm just saying, it's not a shocker for me that this game didn't meet expectations.
This game did one thing well.. derailing the hype train for starfield. Now in our minds whatever starfield will be, it will mediocore at best and worse than redfail at worst(if that is even possible)   RIP Xbox Xbox series X is a really good machine anyways
This game made me regret buying the Xbox series x
You had me on your side until you mentioned playing a shooter with a controller.. it plays fine with mouse and keyboard as it should.. the rest is meh at best like you said.
There was atill pop-ins with those stills
The fact the in game movie projector can't even portray an in-game recording is the most egregiously lazy and immersion breaking demonstration of complete ineptitude and is the most succinct way sum up this game.
Each game being in an incomplete state, It’s such a shame to see the quality in games go down especially from a studio so well known.  I feel like nowadays as long as the game looks pretty, companies think it will be a hit. They don’t care about me as a consumer of their product. It’s like we’re just fish and they’re a hook giving us bait. I miss the days where the product was actually worth checking out having us go for more but all were being given nowadays is trash. They can’t expect a big catch if the bait is gonna me crap. Here’s to hopeful but I’ll take it with a grain salt.
Hopefully this travesty of a game will wake some important people up who were sleeping during its development.
Holy hell, I thought it was gonna be bad for a AAA title, but this is just super bad for any level game 😂
Bethesda is so bad now how they fell so far and continue to do so is just beyond me
When you want to tear a game apart and only need to show gameplay footage, you know its a bad game.
What the fuck happened to Arkane Austin, my god.
No doubt in my mind that Redfall was hit with some severe budget cuts while in development
Feels like Arkane has tried to evolve their studio in the first person genre with each game and just peaked in Prey.
It's so disappointing how much wasted potential is going on at Xbox now. So much great IP and teams that are producing little or nothing.
5:01 other people have complained about too much aim assist. Some footage shows the game automatically locking into the head whenever the crosshairs are near the target.
Can't believe arkane made this dumpster fire
The very first trailer gave me red flags, the whole vibe of the game just was off, then as more and more came out it just started looking worse and worse.
...welp I wanted a new game my friends and I could play...thus won't be it
« 𝘚𝘵𝘰𝘱 𝘮𝘦 𝘪𝘧 𝘺𝘰𝘶 𝘤𝘢𝘯 » — the enemy, already stuck in a chair  good game, 10/10
Lmao you chose the best strike loading screen
Thank you for making the best content out there! So sad to see that this game actually came out and was released this way.   Large company ownership seems to really be killing games
Yes, this game is bad. No, the IGN person won’t get any apologies. I played Redfall on PC with controller and everything was fine. Actually, if you want some decency out of this game, it’s character controls.  It’s just there is this atrocious tendency within gaming journalism to be extremely bad at a game you presenting. I’ve seen this exact nonsense when someone (I don’t remember the outlet) played Like A Dragon: Isshin. They made game look like stiff wooden idiocy.  Though the weapon switch system in Redfall is the worst. And, btw, you can’t bring less than three weapons. So, if you want only use two guns - you’re out of luck.
This really abysmal. 😂
17:35 “If this fails, I luckily discovered another anti-vampire technique which I like to call…     *chair”*
Wait. you're telling me that somehow, ARKANE; Prey, Dishonored, Arc motherfreaking fatalis ARKANE... Fucked up with Audio Logs?!   I don't even need to see the rest of the review.
Gone play this game via gamepass and gone take a shot for every cringy line/ bug and for every for anything other my buddys can come up with to get wasted
I'd like to believe that this is a protest from the employees who just gave up and said "Sure, okay... let's just do that, sounds like a great idea" to some idiot higher up that thought he was going to shake up the industry with some revolutionary ideas.
Far cry 6 looking like a game of the year compared to this
Really hate non-animated cutscenes.
If there was ever a time for a needed noclip documentary, this is it. I really hope the arcane magic isnt gone, since its not the same team anymore.
This might be the most heartbreaking release for me to date. I love Arkane's games and have had no reason to doubt them as a developer. I bought the game and booted it up, had a decent amount of fun for the first hour then it all clicked and was nothing more than a shallow open world with none of the creativity of an Arkane game. Sadly can't get a refund and am stuck with this game, part of me wants to think there will be some fixes but knowing the game is flawed on every level there really isn't any expectation that the game will ever become what they promised.
I just saw an Ad for the game this morning and I had an odd thought - It sold itself with the tagline "An Open World Full of Vampires", however it broke it up into two flashy animated titles, the first just reading "An Open World", and I thought to myself: "Wow, do they not know how non-revolutionary the Open World concept is now?"  Until it said "Full of Vampires" it just felt intensely self-congratulatory.  Now that the game is out and (presumably) blows, I'm kinda wondering if they did just create an Open World and assume that everyone would be so impressed by that alone that they could get away with minimal effort everywhere else.
How is it even possible that Arkane made this game? At worst case scenario they had some people that did games before and at least could instruct them that enemy pathfinding is broken.
13:08 YOOOOO wtf
I don't know why anybody thought that this game would not be a catastrophe Arkane is trash, They have been for quite a while This was totally expected and I'm laughing at anybody who expected otherwise and wasted their money
i really thought you were gonna make the joke yourself: "people have the tendency to attribute the creation of a game to a single person" - warren spector, CREATOR OF THIEF AND DEUS EX  joke aside, man that game is a tragedy i already heavily disliked deathloop and it looks like that was not a slipup, but a trajectory
No effing chance in hell they will take the L and apologise. That would open them to mass refund requests and potential law suits.
Okay. I will write this only once: People are quick to defend devs but lemme tell you that all the fucking "victimization" of them won! I do not know all of them (obviously) but I know some of them and this is what goes on: Beer in the fridge, no work fridays, work from home, 36 hour work week, entry salary way above mine, constant complaints about they/them issues and so on. They won! We lost.
The stealth kill is so damn hilarious
Companies neeeeeeeeeeeed to stop doing open world games.
Yall so quick to be happy bout some bs gamer war(childish dummys) Yet this was coming to PS before the buyout....OHHH that part
I haven't laugh-cried like this in a looooong time 😂🤣😭😂
How in the fuck are other reviewers giving this shit 7/10s 💀💀💀
another one bites the dust
Watching this for 30 min was painful... Im so sorry you had to spend 15 hours playing it for us Ralph
I do use the nova pro with the sonar app it’s great but then I like a g502,703 and the super light prox mouse that I use with the charging mouse pad but I just got the razer atlas mouse pad because the glass is so smooth but I feel like I need to use one of my heavier mouse or my aim feels floaty like input lag hard to explain lol oh and ya that game is trash I’d rather talk about pc stuff
I will say, i like non animated cutscenes more than some junky emotionless animated junk
My only question is WHY did you expect anything different from Bethesda?
meh yeah ill wait at least a year before I touch this.
Meritocracy in video games is going away fast. Story writers in streaming/tv/movies is already for the most part gone, and now vidya is being hit hard.
*sniffs the air* Reeks of Bethesda.
It's a parody of an Arkane game.
Ik it’s easy to blame others…but being honest Arkane’s past few games have not been been the best. Last good game was back in 2017. First word of advice to Arkane is to stop worrying about your little politics and start worrying about these games you so love to make.
So, like -75% on Summer Steam Sale confirmed ? ;)
"whether we wanted it or not" LMFAOOOO
So Redfall is basically just a movie theatre employee sim?
They said this game was like far cry with looter shooter elements, they could’ve just said “fallout 76 at launch” and that would be the closest thing to it.   I cancelled my Pc pre order when I heard it was 30fps on console. Big red flag.   Then they started deleting reviews that were posted just hours early. I knew it was damage control so people wouldn’t cancel last minute pre orders.
Starfield will also be hot garbage. I don't understand why anyone has any amount of faith in any devs. that have consistently released shit-tier games. Bethesda is garbage and the only hope is that modders will have a somewhat easy time fixing their games for them.
I recently picked up my first ever Arkane Studios game, Dishonored. What an absolutely marvelous game. I cannot believe the SAME studio made this.
Its almost like this entire game was randomly generated with chatgpt
you said "last time we played an arkane game it looked and sounded like this (prey intro)", but they made deathloop more recently. But that is a perfect example of what they are capable of and what a fall from grace this game was for that studio.
this is not a review, this is a childish rant.  look, you have great points through out the video,  of why arkane screwed up, however the need for aim assist is not one of them, that just comes from how spoiled you have become through out the games you played.  making a review like this, requires you to be unbiased as possible, however in this video you sound Quite frustrated and maybe reasonably so on some of the points you mention, but you shouldn't let that frustration seep like that into a video, that's how it becomes a Rant, not a professional Review.
11:14 Man, i really hate the visuals of games that have numbers popping off of enemies as they are damaged.    Might be also that those games tend to be bullet sponge type affairs that leave me underwhelmed in the 'fun' department
Bethesda's mission statement should just be "Our games will go down in history as the most games to ever game"
At this point XBOX is either the most evil company that seems to turns everything they touch into dogshit (well tbf it's mostly the high-profile stuff, they are still good at steath launching good games), or the unluckiest gaming publisher because their studios always fuck up whatever that is planned to be a big hit.
the game really maximized the real limit of xbox series x hi tech potential.....well done microsoft on best xbox 1st party game ever released!
Microsoft is really dropping the ball. First the decline of the title that gave xbox their prowess: Halo. And now they are putting out exclusives like this?? Yikes.
MS are cursed
The somber to the point intro says it all 😂
Arkane has been garbage since Arx Fatalis.
I think its time to admit that gamepass as much as I love it is just not good for AAA games. Every single xbox game that has released on gamepass with a few exceptions have underdelivered. There has to be something about the lack of motivation to get all the sales money for the developer or microsot cutting costs that affects games.
some days i have my doubts about the halo games being good. Games like redfall help me stave these off
Duviri Paradox Review???
Forza is also there other tripleA game coming this year thats the one that might be the best of the 3 unfortunately.
The cutscenes have PSP vibes and you know they had to do that to keep file sizes down.
Weapon comparison is broken too. It does not show percentages, so you have to manually calculate it.
Amybody thinking it's on bethesda, like fallout 76?
Thank you for this review. I needed it after such a perplexing experience playing this game. I thought I was going a bit mad and losing touch with reality because of how baffling it all was, but no, this was real. I owe you my sanity.
Looks like another game that wasn’t ready to launch
why does this game look like a fortnite creative map?
When will people learn that no one cares about this level of character development in an FPS. These character focused games are so tone deaf it's insane. There's a reason this game and games like it flop. How bout just make a game where it's fun to shoot stuff? FPS games are not for storytelling. They're fundamentally meant to be games where you insert yourself into the characters shoes. An FPS can have good story, but it needs cutscenes at least lol.
Microsoft still sucks at exclusives nothing has changed. They just can't get it right. Should have bought a PS5.
I haven't really understood what MS is thinking or doing for quite a while. They want to invest 69 billion in ActiBliz but why? So in 5 years all those games can be mediocre too?  They need to hire some QA and some project management and focus on their internal issues.  This is a sinking ship but as long as things keep getting onto Game Pass they're fine with it I guess?
Tell us how you really feel 😂
It’s hilarious that I got a Redfall trailer after watching this. 😂
Looks worse than Dishonred 2, runs three times worse, welcome to 2023.
I can’t for the life of me understand why devs put anything more than a slight (3-8%) deadzone in their shooter.  These shooters with 20+% huge deadzones that feel clunky to play and make fine aim adjustments impossible are just baffling.  It’s like the devs haven’t picked up a controller since the N64.
I really wanted this to be a win for Arkane,I really did. What the hell happened?
Good. Was never a fan of Arcane.
Perfectly summed up  I really let Arkane bamboozle me. They had my full trust 😔
Dishonored, prey, and deatthloop were all bad games...shut up yes they were...and somehow people failed to see this thus we get another bad game.
4 poopy games in a row now by Arkane studios, not looking good
simulation action shooter is an oxymoron
Ok, so you're telling me that it wasn't canceled for PS5 by Microsoft. It was Sony who said, "Nah bro, we good. You can have this one." 😂😅🤣🤷🏻‍♂️
i wouldn't get this even if it was free
It even has a stupid name.
Microsoft clearly wanted this game out before the fiscal year in June so they can write it off and had no faith in the game being successful. Clearly based on the marketing and people like Aaron Greenberg being silent on Red fall's 30 fps controversy and the game clearly was supposed to be a live service game fully online looter shooter given how you earn outfits in-game and the higher priced edition along with the dreaded arknet disconnection
“If a developer can’t finish the game then why should I” OMG LMAOO! You the best Skill Up
*FATALITY*  *SKILLUP WINS*
STOP ME IF YOU CAN!!!  Can't get past a chair.... bwahahahahahahahahahahahaha....
14:30, you didnt get the lumiere miniboss there?
Arkane did Deathloop before this, so you should'e used that intro.
Wow what a damning review... I was expecting it to be similar to Deathloop where some people really disliked it but still had a ton of fun with that game. This seems like a true L
This is basically the game-equivalent of me doing my homework on the bus or right before class. Just producing something in the hope nobody takes a closer look. Something went really wrong. Please don't blame the developers. They want to create something amazing, releasing this product to the public killed them inside and they know how bad it is, trust me.
It just doesn't make sense from Arkane. Sounds like either dev he'll or someone's nephew got promoted a bit too high up
Got this game free with my graphics card and still feel scamed
much worse than I though, thanks shillUp
Thank you for the review and warning us away from this disappointment.
Rocko city was at-least $29.99....
1:50 Hahahaha
I feel bad for Arkane, it seriously feels as if upper management forced them to release the game in this state. I'm led to belieave this because this wasn't a gradual descent into mediocrity like that of BioWare or Bethesda, this was so sudden that the only explanation I have is that this was forced upon them.
this whole garbage of embargo date being after release is horseshit, and conveys there's no value in anything bethesda tries to peddle. At a premium $70 and the complete breakdown that is its opening week, there is absolutely no doubt in my mind that all triple A games should just be fucking pirated, or better yet, ignored entirely. There's no value to garbage like this, which is in stark contrast to the growing gacha game market. For some bullshit reason, while western studios endeavour to give players less content for more money, eastern ones have decided that more content is good. Also for more money, but at least the product is good, and it's not like western games industry isn't shitting itself over monetizing the playerbase.
(copy/paste my comment from your Jedi Survivor review). "Thanks for playing this so we don't have to. Glad I kept my oath to never pre-order games any more."
SkillUp you have out done yourself, mate. This is hilarious. Amazing 😂
The fact that there's no separate aim sens setting in 2023 is just something else
Elden Ring has an artwork based introduction cinematic... the difference between the two? Redfall did it out of cheapness E.R. did it for the impact of introducing characters
Your review was f*cking awesome 😄
Imagine if we would get Prey 2 instead
So sad.
I know this video wasn't supposed to be funny, but this review is comedy gold
I cant wait for Crowbcat's video on this
Starfield is next to fall
Just so many failings of basic game design. This is a really weird situation from what is a, generally speaking, usually pretty talented team.
I'm playing this game through GamePass and I still feel like I overpaid for this garbage. Every hour you slog through this game should earn you a dollar.
Hahaha the miss whisper cultist shooting you out of range like that is fucking hilarious man, this fucking game..
I hope they can No Man sky this game
Game looks awesome, i cant wait not to play it
I genuinely believe that this game shifted direction during his development. The first trailer gave me massive Left for Dead and horde shooter vibe. Plus, if i remenber correctly, this trailer appeard at a time where a bunch of other dev and publisher revealed there spin on the formula (Darktide and Rainbow Six : Extractoin). When they revealed that it was going to be a open world "a la" Far Cry, my expectation for the game shifted from : "This is going to rock" to "What the fuck kind of direction is this". This is sad, just sad that Arkane lost it's glamor (if the blame is to put on Arkane).
Rest in peace, Arkane.  Should've made that Dark Messiah 2, you know back in the day when you had competent devs and before you were infested with diversity hires and greenhairs
NOT A SINGLE ANIMATED CUT SCENE. NOT ONE.  Can you EVEN tolerate the lack of animation? In your day life? can you ? This is SO important.  This is what makes a game fun. After that interesting opinion, all the rest sounded like vomit.
Cmon Phil, quality control man.
installed, played for 30 minutes, uninstalled. smh. Thank f*kv I didnt actually pay any money for this dumpster fire of a game.
What is Xbox doing? I think starfield will be mediocre too.
"If a developer can't be bothered to finish their game... why should I?" 💯💯💯
I have no hope for Starfield.
It seems like the studio put a middle finger to microsoft or something because this is just plain bad
What a disaster everyone saw coming from miles away And they ask 70$ for this 🤣
You had me in the first half of your rook boss guide.
This is a very cathartic review, thanks Skillup for not putting up with this s***
Your Tweet has console warriors going nuts.
AAA studio made bargain bin game but it doesn't cost 6,99$
The Gaming Industry has gone down the pipe, how many AAA games come out finished vs how many games come out broken
The hard thruth is that immersive sims don't sell.
I honestly dont understand why microsoft is rushing their own games. I mean it's been clear from the get go (halo for example, and probably starfield) that this games need more time in the oven. I mean game pass throws up a "new" game every 15 days. I am good with trying whatever gamepass has until a good game release.
Brutal review...  but well deserved.
I was hoping this would crash and burn because it just looked so generic
Well, I pre installed via gamepass; I guess I’m just going to uninstall it without playing.
oof
You know they've put out a few games between this and Prey right? Not that hard to look up
You know it’s bad when not even Shill Up has anything nice to say about it
At this point when I hear "we're going to give this game so much support for a long time!!!" I just hear "we're going to release a broken game and have to patch it for a few years to make it playable"
I love how this video is purposely presented like Redfall's cutscene. The edit is straight up like a slide presentation. Or maybe Austin and Ralph are just too drained after playing Redfall.
As a PlayStation player, the only thing that saddened me when MS acquired Bethesda was losing Arkane games to the point I decided that Redfall would’ve been the first  AAA pc game I would buy.   Seeing all these hyper negative review saddens me even more ‘cause I genuinely held Arkane on a pedestal
the gun play in this game is absolutely horrendous, it feels way too floaty and unresponsive. Its so bad that I literally cant even play the game. I would be willing to look past a bad narrative if the game had interesting guns and fun gunplay, but it has neither. there is absolutely nothing redeeming about this game.
I demand Morbius DLC because it’s clearly Morbin time
I was looking to Redfall to hold me over until Diablo 4. How unfortunate.
All the promo materials for this game looked like absolute dogshit, if you were excited for this game you must be  incredibly naive
Now I want Microsoft to buy actvision even more lol
the saddest thing about this video is that he likely enjoyed talking about the SteelSeries sponsor more than he enjoyed talking about Redfall
this is such a bummer really wanted this to be good
Other than Grounded I havent played a first party Xbox game since Halo 5 for good reason lol. Halo 5 broke my will and in that time MS havent learned a thing. Still love my Xbox for everything else.
Its basically a mobile game
But hey at least one of the charcters said "dead ass" unironically. Arent we cool fellow youths?
You're brutal! 😂😂😂 You've eviscerate it and then strangled it with its guts.
The makers of this game must be on heroin.
Even No Man's Sky can't believe this shit!
Tongue in cheek aside, this is one of your best videos. Maybe because of the tongue in cheek, actually
Ok, so whoever walked out of Arcane before Deathloop was clearly carrying the team.
First jedi, now this...
I'm so sorry for the poor devs. Working under such obviously terrible leadership must have been a mess 😢
im like 60% through the video and im wondering, so is it good? will redfall save gamepass? anyway i uninstalled it. was the entire budget spent on the kill animations?
I had to turn the music off, fucking annoying as shit
Arkane why 😭😭
1:32 euhm buddy, are you just completely ignoring that they made Deathloop? Prey was not the last game they made.
The game looks like an Intern was given the green light to go ham on a Unity assist flip engine.  What happened.
Ooft, this is not a review, this is an assassination.
Thank goodness for game pass
Press F to pay respects(to SkillUp)
I think its safe to say that we should just work our hardest to make our own games at this point. And we shall
Thank you for jumping on this grenade to save the rest of us. Looks sooo painful to play.
WTF happened at Arcane? I kinda hope that when the Xbox deal came in they told them to pivot and commit more resources to another project leaving this is flounder and flop. At least then we might get something good out of it. Xbox started the year out pretty well but this has made everything come crashing down. To pin all their hopes now on Starfield is risky business. Avoiding this might give me a chance to go back and play Prey after finishing Star Wars and Minecraft Legends. Silver lining since I never played it.
I have never agreed this much with any of Skill Up's reviews. I played Redfall for about 4 hours and I can't help but scream YES in my head at every single word you are saying here. This game is so horrendously bad! I even thoroughly enjoyed Deathloop despite it being a mixed bag for many who had Dishonored and Prey level expectations. Turns out Deathloop was only the bad omen of what to come next from Arkane.  It is catastrophically tragic how they have fallen from the heights of Dishonored and Prey to this garbage
You sound bored asf with this game XD
You know a game studio failed from the design phase and they make a L4D/Destiny live service clone, but only have 2 enemy types.
Is there more enemies on harder difficulties or is this on the hardest difficulty?
i love how this dude has been hating on Redfall before he even played it, not that i disagree with his conclusions
I think Microsoft intentionally made a bad game, just to show that they are losing the console war, so that their acquisition deal gets approved.
God star field is going to be garbage huh
This is one of those games you get for free and enjoy and defend its honor but if bought you regret the purchase and grudgingly play through for some enjoyment.
I want archane to like say something lmao like why is this what we got, i wasnt gonna get this game anyways but i never expected it to be this bad
What the heck happened, Arkane? How do you go from Prey to this garbage fire?
I wish he saw charlies clip about all the geometry scared enemies that are physically incapable of walking around enemies
from costumer to beta tester to alpha tester
Great video
This reminds me of Back 4 Blood, in all the worst ways. That game sucked but this game makes it look like a masterpiece
This has to be the biggest fall from grace of a beloved developer. It's almost unbelievable that the team who made Prey somehow produced this... thing in 6 years of development time
Not only was the dead zone issue in Deathloop, it has been a problem in both Dishonored games dating all the back to 2012. Arcane simply don't understand how to implement decent shooter controls on a game pad.
Sometimes the hate games get on release is a bit overblown but wow, Redfall looks shockingly mundane. Charging $70 for it is criminal.
Worst AAA game in the last 5 years 😂😂😂. Just L after L after L for xbox this gen
So... it's a good game then?
The change in tone from the ad for the Steelseries to the review is all you need to hear lol
Not to mention damn 17GS achievements😂😂
I knew your review was going to be scathing based on previous comments, but this is just... yeah. I never cared about this game to begin with, but this game pisses me off because this is what some studios pass as "AAA" these days. The picture you painted with the gameplay you showed, could be the plot for an upcoming horror movie. It makes me appreciate games like Hogwarts Legacy, that although not perfect, was still leagues beyond this mess with an immersive world that had a solid story pushing it through and details that brought the world to life. Not to mention the gameplay was good. Or even a game like Stray, by a small studio, that had you reading subtitles from robots, but still had a compelling adventure with unique storytelling to push you through. And the cat mechanics were enjoyable throughout. Redfall is just garbage that passed the approval stage because of marketing. A game with an okay premise that failed to deliver even in the most simplest of terms. I mean, if I were Microsoft, I would be rolling heads. Then again, I would have thought someone over there at Team Green would have had the sense to pump the brakes on the release of this game to prevent the public beheading their studio is getting right now. But here we are! 🤷
this review should play before the game starts, as a cut-scene replacement
at 2:33 "Electricute"
What happened to arcane...
I'm sorry. Did... did the human enemy's shotgun bullets just... stop existing like 20ft in front of you?  Da fuk?!
I feel bad for Skill Up. Not only did he have to experience this garbage but there's no way he managed to get a refund for it in the end
Deathloop was crap as well, don't know why people are so surprised.
What blows my mind is that the Spider-Man Playstation games have a lot of these similar problems (big empty, open world with nothing to do in it full of cookie cutter cars and people). Oh, and Peter apparently has dementia and managed to lose hundreds of backpacks all over the city in various places. Aside from the swinging around the city feeling really nice and fluid, the combat was a boring, neutered, child's play version of the Arkham style combat system, and the rest of the gameplay felt like a slapped together mobile game experience. So I really do not at all understand the ridiculous amount of good reviews.
Microsoft has to have higher standards. Thier studios have been dropping some straight trash lately. I wouldn't be surprised if Star Field is garbage truck juice.
Holy shitshow !
Im just gonna gaslight myself that arkane got their interns to make this game.
Some parts of this game genuinely look like someone ported Hunt Down The Freeman to UE4
I honestly can’t believe how bad this looks. This would have been an average game in 2009.
It’s a shame we got this instead of  a sequel to Prey
so it plays like a dunkey video :D
The sniper scope .png is just so...top notch.
Sooo, do you recommend it or not?
This is so sad, but it makes for your funniest review yet. The barebones titles and delivery of them really make me appreciate how much more effort you guys put into these reviews than some developers do
"Steel Series - makers of the best headsets, keyboards and mice on the market" I think the ad read should be a little more realistic. Maybe change it to "some of the best". Or "among the best" or "quite serviceable"... You get the point.
thanks for stopping me from wasting my time on this crap !
There was a quote from Roger Ebert, reviewing Battlefield Earth, where he said "The director, Roger Christian, has learned from better films that directors sometimes tilt their cameras, but he has not learned why."  That's what it looks like with all of these games that took the UI from Destiny. They make no sense, and usually only serve to make the game more frustrating and confusing.
We could've had dishonored 3.
I had a feeling that the ign guy was performing badly not because of them, but because of the shitty controls
Always great to see ANOTHER Bethesda-produced game that won't be playable for year(s). Why would anyone be masochistic enough to buy a Bethesda game at this point?
Since I watched Redfall first trailer I thought "what is this shit?", I'm not surprised it's failing.
What an atrocious game. It seems like All these AAA studios are just chasing trends and ruining their reputation
good thing i already played prey
This is on microsoft. My gamepass is on notice.....Already stopped re occuring. Its up to them now if they want my money. Thier 1st party stuff is shit. Gone are 360 days. Glad i own a PS5 in the meantime.
Redfall 2 when?
Fuck Destiny 2
Not many are mentioning how easy the enemies are to kill never mind their AI. I mean enemies are dying in a few shots. That shouldn’t happen in a fantasy game. You want super buffed enemies including the human ones. Why not have humans that are half turned through something genetic and they have the strength and resilience of a vamp but not the undying or movement? That would make for a nice beefy human enemy that takes more than two shots to take down. This whole game looks like a cake walk so long as you aren’t being swarmed.
How predictable are the YouTube game reviewers. They all just brown nose each other. Once one comes out and cry’s about a game and gets a bunch of views they all smell it and follow suit. 😂😂
Best review for the game yet
I think sony lucked out on deathloop
Prey moonfall was my game of the year. No pissible way this was made by the same people
I feel that the AAA game definition is being used very loosely these days.
The best thing about this game is going to be the AngryJoe review.
This Game deserves 0/5 Stars. 30 FPS in 2023, uninspired Gamemechanics, overall a Cheap Mix of Destiny & B4B. Another Game for the MS-Shitpass. COOP average, Solo a piece of shit.
Are devs still working from home? Cuz idk what’s up with all these disappointing releases lately.
As an Xbox user and as an Arkane long time fan, I was excited about this game in a way, I never liked the vampire theme, but I thought the gameplay would be similar to Far Cry, fun. But now I don't think I will be playing this game for a long time. I will stick with Elder scrolls online, untill halo brings Firefight, or Starfield comes out. That last one still has tiny bit of a chance of not being a disappointing mess.
If you told me an indie studio with no experience made this on a first attempt, I'd be like: "Hmm ok, sure, not bad." But Mother of the Unholy Daughter, what is this?!  The AI, the level design, the mission structure, the overal gun and ability gameplay... How does any of this release in this state in 2023?!  I've seen not only this review but others as well and this can't be real. This looks like an early 2000 game and that is an insult to 2000 era gaming.  I don't mind the story not having cutscenes, I've play games without them and as along as the story is really good, the lack of cutscenes doesn't impact them negatively. But given the braindead (and this generous) AI, cheap level design, copy-pasted ad infinitum mission structure and generic looking gun and ability gameplay; the story is probably not worth getting into.
i genuinely laughed out loud in the train on the part of the "stealth kill" and the guy falls towards you even though you just punch him to death from the back XD
Skill Up's serious and tired voice right after ad in the beginning told me that the game is bad without saying it's bad.
So get it?
I played only 15 mins of this game. Game world felt empty. Got bot bored and uninstalled. Such a let down especially when i love vampire related games
Redfall is a singleplayer game, designed like a battle royal game.
Are we not at a point were companys should pay us for games like this. I dont care that it is free on gamepass. I won't bother with the 100GB download again. And this confirmed everything I have also seen on Streams. Sorry Arcane but this was not made to your strenghts.
Don't worry guys, Phil Spencer is going to make a new game announcement wearing another cool t-shirt and all will be forgiven!
This video is painful to watch because the truth hurts.
Bs though prey deathloop were both boring trash
I've just finished doing my play through of Elden Ring. This was gonna be the game I jump into next because of game pass. 😂😂😂  The bar Elden Ring sets means I won't be able to play this now.
So just go back and play Prey again, got it.
This is embarrassing.  I love the Dishonored series.  I think this and Death Loop were sort of attempts at making something more mainstream.  Not a leap, as Dishonored 2 and Prey didn't sell as well as hoped, but I loved them.  I was sorry to see MS buy them, as I do not have an xbox, but I'm regretting it less now.
I feel like the bulk of the entertainment I'm going to get from this game is the postmortem articles about how the development went bad.
It's ok skillup starfield is Todd Howard's project. It will be good.
This concerns me for tes vi
While I'm not excusing the many faults of the game, I feel like my experience playing this on game pass on PC was more enjoyable than the footage I'm seeing here. Like, there were mobs and a vamp boss in the basement of that movie theater that was empty in the vid for us at 14:00 . Weird. edit: ALSO Ralph that "just drop the game" is a pure shit take. People paid 70 bucks for this, Arcane should absolutely be held accountable to patch it up.
This game feels like its at least two years away from release, honestly how did this get past internal testing is beyond me.
Microsoft really falling short of Nintendo and Sony in the gaming world.
No the last time they welcomed us to a video game it was death loop, another trash fire
AAAAAnd if you don't have GamePass this game costs 70€
I enjoy your reviews you always keep it 💯
Redfall is what happens when your company hires a bunch of lesbians and feminists to up your ESG score.
Strange I agree with everything in this review but my experience with the empty world was much different. There were enemies everywhere, there were pmcs and cultists having a big fight outside that theatre with vampires. The theater had some cultists inside and a boss vampire in the basement protecting the bulb. The lack of enemy thing has to be a bug.
Yeah Xbox just needs to shut down
29:00 Here's the thing.... FO76... is a good Fall Out game now adays xD Trash at ;launch yeah but good turn around
The enemy AI, stability issues, and empty world meaning no enemies to be found are the negative points that stuck with me playing it last night. Put it on hard mode just cos I knew it was gonna be bad…theatre mission had like 3 guys max to kill in the theatre.
Chair vs vampire classic battle
Were the devs working from home? Im starting to think a lot of what we are seeing in Bugs in games and unfinished rushed games is the effect from working from home now. Ill monitor this more closely. I dont care for shit samdwiches and covid is fucking over. Excuses on excuses. Tired of it.
"Walking backwards and to the left slightly": Another one to add on the long list of vampire weaknesses.
Director of Arkane left the studio after it pivoted to a place he didnt liked... that was right after Pray 2017... seems like they need him reaaaally bad.
How has Ai advanced so much, but game developers still making this 💩
You gonna review Age of Wonders 4?
When i watched this vid my though was, i want to laugh at how bad the game is, but its to sad that its arkane
While shitting on the game is always fun, I would have liked to know what happened to the devs. It’s always sad to see a game release in such a state.
Charlie somehow had aim assist when he was playing and he didnt toggle it on.  He was on mouse and keyboard which if that has aim assist and controller doesnt thats so strange.
It’s actually quite sad. I’m sure quite a few people worked to make this game awesome and for whatever reason things didn’t go as well. I hope Arkane gets back up and rises to the challenge and creates a brilliant next game. I would personally like to see a full on immersive sim. Doesn’t have to be Prey 2 or Dishonoured 3. Would personally like a spiritual successor to Dark Messiah, not by name but that kind of world made now would be amazing.
this is clearly a side game made by the B team while they make dishonored 3 or prey 2... Right?
I miss ps2 games where at minimum you got games from reputable people that were finished. What happened to video games? If they aren’t a softcore casino they’re lazy and forgettable
Feeling blue on this one, another L for team green, a real redfall from grace
It is 2023...Why the fuck are we still getting games with AI worse than games that came out almost TWO FUCKING DECADES AGO?!
This is hilarious lol
I always find it interesting that people will shit on Ubisoft for the things that other devs do as well when they're clearly trying to turn the corner and games like this are holding us all back
I'm sorry but a 70$ game with non-animated cutscenes is just an absolute no-go.
And to think they raised the pricing of gaming because " the time and quality" put into games called for a price raise.  Fk outta here
not only is the game terrible, its only on pc and xbox. arkane is about to lose a lot of money
This is actually.... unbelievable..
It's pretty obvious Arkane is dead. Bethesda dubious dealed them out of existence, squeezed the talent out  by being ghouls, and left a bunch of hard working and well intentioned but ultimately in over their head and unsupported people in charge. It's like with Anthem, remember Anthem? Hopefully they do an EA and claim they're gonna support it for years to come, delay their road map and then quietly shutter the whole thing.
Xbox seal of quality, jajaja
What is the game at 1:35?
I havent seen a more contradictory skill set since Anthem...
i love the 'i find this personally insulting' tone of the review to be perfect. 🤌
Bro that "Stealth Kill" animation at 10:54 had me about to hyper-ventilate from laughter at how bad (and abrupt) it was 😂
Damn, that dead zone comment hit home.  Not sure I hate it as much as you, but I just started, and by no means do I disagree with your thoughts, but the controller sucks worse then the enemy AI.
Sadly deluxe edition came with my 4080...  luckily I get 5% back from amazon.
Well... this was brutal.
1:34 no way you straight up hit us with the “everything is going to be ok” intro 😢
You know the aiming is bad when I see you moving the whole character to track instead of just moving the gun
$70 btw
the game is quite bad for sure. i usually dont agree with you, but i think we can shake our hands on this one and call it thoroughly disappointing.  the worst part is that there is, in there, somewhere, some glimpses of an enjoyable experience, but its buried in so many questionable decisions, lack of of effort and complete lack of any technical polish.
I'm so sad that BOTH the games with black female leads I was hyped for this year have bombed because of being released in a terrible state.
Ayy bethesda let me get prey 2/dishonored 3
lets not start lying about deathloop, that game was mediocre at best if all of the issues didnt exist
The most brutal review i've seen in a long while, legit makes me sad for the current state of gaming industry. How the fuck games from the beginning of 2000's look AND play better than this shit.
What a fall from grace for Arkane, my god...
I’d be so upset if I paid for this game. I recommend everyone play on game pass.
😂 🍿
Its like their cyberpunk
An absolute banger of a video, well structured, humorous and informative.  🍻
Halo Infinite: Delayed about a year and released incomplete Redfall: Delayed almost a year and released incomplete Starfield: Delayed almost a year and released.....????  Seriously, Microsoft needs to get its house in order, this is embarassing.
Man...I only finished playing Deathloop a couple months ago and had a blast. I had to double check the studio to make sure they made this game and I wasn't just imagining things. Would love to see the behind-the-scenes drama on this one.
Sooooo how is xbox going to beat playstation?
All roads of games soulless game development led to this, it was only a matter of time before a game was released in this kind of state. Gotta stop pre-ordering
I'm a massive Xbox guy but yeah, its crushing to see a system I love getting rinsed by Ragnarok and Zelda
The editing is so fucking perfect for this review.   Kudos skill up and editor.  Whoever came up with the idea, buy yourself a beer.  The execution of the audio and overall production quality,  man. Well done.  Spitting in the eye of a competely bs unfinished game.
I can already imagine how starfield gona end up
11:00 i just cried a little from that death animation, this is too funny
Why should we be worried about Starfield? Bethesda has a long track record of making great games on their own
It makes sense how throughout the promo they couldn’t explain what kind of game this was lol seems like they were trying to do some cheap fast game with the least amount of effort with little to no voice acting and no animated cutscenes. Sucks i love Arkane and I’m willing to give them another chance but they have to make a game in their wheelhouse or atleast get help from a studio who works in whatever genre this is.
I've given up on AAA games at this point. Over 50% of them are just bad or release with major issues that takes a year for them to fix. Indies and just playing old games is where it's at now.
Thank you for continuing to be brutally honest and not holding back. Appreciate all the little details you highlight.
Knowing how these garbage games go over, in a year we'll see people saying this game was underrated and a hidden gem. The industry is doomed.
big flop
As somebody who 100% Dishonored 1 and 2, it absolutely disappoints me how dirty Arkane is getting done.
I actually laugh out loud as he introduced "chair". Holy hell, this is the best powerpoint presentation I have ever seen.
1:21 even in the "cutscene" they swap the LODs of the objects to keep the FPS stable, fucking awful.
This game being as bad as it is have to wonder if they experienced some Anthem like development issues. Can't imagine this is anything a dev wanted to see the light of day.
1:51 Zavala coming in with the clutch
I love Skillup's foray into absurd comedy, when do we get your 1 hour special?
This game was not suppose to be genration defying or game chaging i dont get why people set there expectations so high for every game when not every game is going to be something amazing and new. This game runs better then cyberpunk when it first released at least
I don't know why, but I initially thought the thumbnail for this video shows Randy Watson from Sexual Chocolate.   Second look had me wishing it was.
I've prided myself over the last few years on being able to spot a flop or a scam in the gaming industry consistently without fail. At this point I'm just wondering if there's so damn many that if statistically I just can't be wrong and it has nothing to do with me being smart or knowing this industry. There's just that many crappy games.
Watching Jedi Survivor and Redfall release the way they did just makes me appreciate Dead Island 2 more.
Back to enjoying Prey thank you very much.
Gonna be honest, I'd never seen anything about Redfall, and I don't have any connection to Arkane Studios. No way for me to be disappointed, so this review was pure entertainment for me. The 'stealth kill' melee in particular dragged some deep laughter out of me.
this game looks and play like a high schooler who learned game programming from wikipedia
I would be worried about Starfield regardless of how Redfall landed tbh, Bethesda's ancient engine was already struggling in 2015 with Fallout 4 and has only fallen behind further since then yet they're using that unstable piece of crap for a 'next gen' game! If you add to that Todd and Pete's consistent lying and redirecting blame (like the canvas bag controversy or Fallout 76's release state) it paints a dysfunctional and untrustworthy upper management duo that Microsoft should have replaced the second the deal went through!
This is why we need to stop buying games day 1....
I am so done with Microsoft excuses! Thank you for posting this video! Well done!
Begging you to do a video with Sam on this. Run it back like Fallout and Anthem. Please!
“If a developer can’t be bothered to finish their game, why should I?”  Damn, that was cold.
In all fairness they sort of pulled 76 back, put over 2000 hours in until my xbox account got hacked and I gave up on consoles, but it's a pretty good game now imo.  Starfield better be amazing.
Ok let me EXPLAIN what happened....  Microsoft: Hi there can we have an exclusive plz?  Arkane: Yes of course we will tell 2 of our stuff to work on something.... 🎉
They could have copied borderlands
lmAAAAo
What's really annoying is developers/publishers expect 70 fucking dollars now for their "AAA" trashfires, when most of them weren't even worth 60 dollars to begin with.
Another studio that was great destroyed...how disappointing.
I feel bad for xbox users bro they deserves better
10:54 And there goes my drink 😂 That fucking elbow slap, the massive THUD as the guy gets absolutely _launched_ into the drawer, holy shit! 💀
Woof. I guess I'll just play dishonored again
I think we need to talk about how Microsoft manages their studios. This isn't the first time. I can cite the development of Halo as an example. They need to look at how they manage their studios and fix what's broken. This is unacceptable.  They risk turning a lot of their anticipated games into *'Gamepass Fodder'*
''I refuse to finish this game, because if a developer can't be bothered to finish their game, then why should i ?'' BEST thing I've heard all year.
Man, that review was brutal but 100% deserved. Breaks my heart to see Arcane Studio's name on this cynical trash.
They need to rip this video from YouTube and play it EVERY MORNING as a staff meeting until they fix this 😂 Jesus, a sandbox experience without sand or a complete box 😂
I genuinely appreciate Ralph not pulling his punches if a game fully deserves the absolute clobbering he just gave it. One day they’ll learn to stop releasing under-cooked games. One day…
Microsoft is a cancer for humanity
Sounds like a game made at gunpoint. "Make a live service, or else!" Very 'minimum viable product' AAA games never used to be this disappointing. They might have had bad endings, like Mass Effect 3, or bad micro transactions like..everything, but they understood how to make games, jeez.
Deathloop had amazing world building, dished out in almost a detective investigation way. It had amazing gun play and one of the coolest systems for unlocking new guns and upgrades I've ever experienced. They made a handful of maps, that I was excited to revisit, over and over, because of the time of day function. How did they go from one of the coolest first person shooters I've ever played, to this. Doesn't make much sense to me.
I knew this game would be shit the second I heard it was being made by Arkane after playing Deathloop. I will never forgive myself for actually paying for Deathloop, that game was SOOO BAD
Please... everyone... stop buying this trash.
Anything coming out of Microsoft or Xbox is pure comedy gold it’s beyond laughable at this stage
Shit like this is why I haven't bought a AAA game in about 2 years.
sometimes a game needs to be the sacrificial lamb for positive change in the industry, seeing as I had no interest in redfall anyway, i'm more than happy for this to be it this year.
21:58  No, it’s because they initially had macro transactions in the game.
Deathloop did not have a compelling narrative. Having story beats play over loud speakers in an area while you're busy fighting enemies is not compelling.
I feel like Deathloop is cool to hate. It was good game. It was fun and entertaining. It was not as deep or complex as Prey but it was still a great time. I honestly don't get the hate. I really don't.
This makes me appreciate back 4 blood more
Imagine if instead of this, Arkane made something like Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines... oh well
Wow, that was brutal.
"I'm tired of games implementing colored loot systems for no reason"  *Weeps in Ghost Recon Breakpoint*
Man not even fallout 76 was this bad, you could at least run around exploring (albeit empty) buildings, shoot stuff, do nukes. Redfall is utter trash
So basically this is a content marketing load of steel which none of us care…we all know already what to buy !!! And if they sponsor this video all I gotta say is they suck they need to sponsor decent content about decent videos and save sponsorship for crappy video games for soft drinks
hahaha oh man this game is painfully shitty
So it's basically Destiny with vampires. Can we all just admit that live service games don't work.
I watched your Prey review yesterday… how the mighty have fallen 😢
Well, this is certainly ONE way of closing the gap between indie and $70 AAA titles...
I think I would be super proud of this game if I made it... by myself... but Xbox and Arkane? I was really rooting for Xbox this time around. I'm a fan of Phil Spencer and his plans. But after the release state of Sea of Thieves, the entirety of Halo Infinite, and now this? Nah man... if Starfield bombs I'm out. It's releases like this that actually make the value of Game Pass decrease.
Two words: Max Payne :)))
Ah yes. Everyone remembers that one part of Bram Stoker's Dracula where the character circle strafed to defeat the vampires.
Great review. I've played a few hours of this and it's hot garbage!
Honestly WTF Happened did all the Talent flee
I want to defend Arkane and blame it on higher ups, but there is simply no way that they didn't realize their own game would be this garbage. Yes, the technical problems can be patched...but there is a lot of legitimately fundamental problems with the game that patching won't solve. Huge L for gamers once again.
Not to defend this travesty of a game but I saw a video where they did have autoaim no?
5:00  Yep. I saw some gameplay and thought "wow, they're bad"  But when I finally played it I was looking like a Kotaku journalist
This is very funny!
The trailer was enough to make me understand this was gonna be shit.
Even though I'm bummed about Redfall being a flop, watching the reviews has been absolutely hilarious. So, at least I got some enjoyment out of this game.
1:51 you absolute bastard
everyone that buys their game is part of the problem. fuck these people. they knew very well what they were trying to sell for $70.
What a clunky piece of crap! Jesus Christ... for $70...
Can’t wait for Jason Schreier’s scoop on how this game got so fucked up.
Ah I wish you finished it to comment on being forced into NG+ without warning...
Amazing video
This is a very sad day for the XBOX fanboys........🤣🤣
The game is so bad skillup apologized to the IGN player
Oh my 😱😂
i hope next time they just let the talented guys at arkane do whatever the hell they want to do instead of pandering to what executives think will sell better. why would u make a basic AAA open world shooter like every other with almost no arkane dna bc it would sell better maybe and then release it day one on gamepass where anyone can play it for a dollar
Adored the Deus Ex mention/segment here man. What a game that is…
lesson learned, next time they release it with the "early alpha" tag
1.08 into this video the only thought in mine mind is “trash”
So why not just say the game sucks and move on instead of wasting everyone’s time,??? I get your needing content but to be fair, would you rather listen to trash about trash, or have someone respect your time, and let you know up front about the game first ..
I just bought shadow warrior 2 for £3 on Steam sale and that 8yo game is light years ahead of this in environment immersion.
How sure are we that arcane didn't give this project to devs they want to be rid of?
all of our studios are falling! the death of a golden age
great review once again man
Deluxe beta tester edition
It's sad to see this game from the same people that made Prey, where you could approach situations in any way you could imagine.
Ohhh yes. Coffee time
no it's not. We're playing it, catastrophic doesn't mean what you think it means.
Great review terrible awful game the dev tram should be destroyed
Bethesda, and especially Bethesda Games Studios, has become one of the least competent and lazy publishers/developers in gaming. They can't be bothered to make good games, but churn out new iterations of old games annually. It will take them 15-20 years to make a new Elder Scrolls. Just think about that. They are out of ideas and do not have the technical chops to make games in this era.
Loved it, fun game❤
You forgot the multiplayer...... There is none you can only play with your friends.... And when you host no one gets credit but you ...????? And since non of them are playing..... There is no multiplayer !!!!!  Honestly this game is perfect for kids and tablets But they can't even find other kids to play with !!!! since you can't join open games  because they didn't spend money on servers  you have to host yourself  Like Minecraft and no one can join ..???  But unlike Minecraft.... There is no local co-op ...!!!!!!...???? So you can't even play with your family and at least laugh and have fun together....  What is going on here Microsoft...???? You used to be the local co-op box that's why we bought your consoles over PlayStation Get it together leadership over there   Your currently unhappy customer of a X Console
This video reminds me that it not ballooning AAA that is failing the industry it a very bad industry failing gaming.   The toxicity, the horrible management, the horrible ideals. They are destroying good devs and we are not helping
I'm seriously starting to believe that some of the later releases are tests to see at what point it makes sense for studios to spend their money... Would we still buy shit like this? I mean, it's the only explanation I can't think of. The fucking Watcher, the empty cinema mission... This is unbelievable ahahah it has to be either some kind of joke or a test i swear to God I can't fucking stop laughing 😂
The first time I audibly said "are you serious?" was at 6:50. What a joke.
Can't wait for the shitstorm that Starfield will be. Got me giggling like a little girl from excitement
If this is the cut scenes then the game definitely sucks balls
There must be like a curse, where the second you put weapon rarity in your shooter, everyone goes kinda brain dead
Chair.
[Short cry of pain]
I think the ads sensitivity made this game 1000% worse
The gunplay is awful, trying to get on target is atrocious a looters shooter and the gun play is brutal. This game released a year too early it seems. Trash!!
From the Clockwork Mansion to...*this*.  That's a hell of a height to fall.
Setting the input response to low makes the aiming feel better and fixes the deadzone problem.  Input response = low Sens = 6  Feels solid there.
Man shillup sounds so pissed off.
Hifi rush is proof that there is good will at microsoft
I can't help but feel like nearly every problem listed here ultimately stems from the decision to go multiplayer with this game.
It looks like Anthem all over again. Maybe the Arkane fanboys will claim it wasn't the main studio, and it was a B team. They'll claim for years that "the magic isn't gone."
Subscriptions. Quantity over quality. Express yourself with your wallets people…
Let's go back to that ign video and say sorry to that person.
Damn ign got heat for something thats wasnt in his control sheeesh im sorry ign dude 😂
Jesus christ, Arkane. What happened here? Were they forced to make this and went 'Screw it. Lowest effort mode engaged. Have your garbage 'commitee-approved' game.'
Can you imagine how short Buffy the Vampire slayer would have been if they had access to such technology as " Chair"...
Thanks Ralph, Austin for giving us a hilarious review out of a dogshit video game 😅
Ok, after your thorough review of this trash, Im convinced Arkane threw this project on purpose. They have done everything possible to go against their impressive pedigree. I'm just gunna say, fuck Bethesda for forcing this shit out
Controller coding 101: if deadzone >0 then adjust new 0 to deadzone.  If you keep a static value independent of deadzone whilst also having acceleration then as soon as deadzone ends the value will already be accelerating! How hard is that to realise. It's only been 25 years.
Im glad I caught this video  I thought I was the only 1 not enjoying myself I uninstalled it and started playing on cloud thinking something would make me download it again and gice it another shot....  Nope....  Game starts cloak guy I sneak around beat the 1st crew and the 1st vampire 35 minutes no problem not seen given a flashlight for some reason that wasn't needed as everything was bright enough which was a little weird but anyways.....  Let's start over and try the girl character with the good hair this time I know where to go and the enemies I ran through with a gun....  Did NOT fire said gun....  Just 2 punched every character.... Then for to the vampire boss shotgunned him 4 times and staked him easily  Done in about 15 minutes....  I guess I'm just better than most at this game I never played before... IDK...???  You also forgot to mention.... Why is it when you kill someone holding a gun.... It falls to the ground.... And disappears....???? most games you pick up their gun and continue until out of bullets but....   In this game you just punch and run and dodge humans and shotgun vampires and dodge  I think it's called Redfall because of your characters bloody knuckles by the end of the game from all the melee kills....  IDK...???  Played on the series X The world's most powerful console as the trolls would say and ......   Another point to the trolls.....  I don't want to buy a PlayStation but it's like their making me save $20 A CHECK to just get buy one next year and suffer through 12 more months of this Xbox madness  Tunic and deaths door were amazing games both on game pass.... But if I just bought them on sale  I would saved more money   And been happier with that 3rd party developer than I am with MS right now....  Finally something new and it's an L High Fi Rush was cool and different though  but not a system seller to be honest
Yeah their lead developer and the person that was in charge of the direction of the games left before even death loop was being made
Tragic
This makes me so grateful for the good games we have, because YIKES.
Installed it last night off gamepass, played for 45 minutes and uninstalled. The most empty, boring world I've been in for awhile.
This is bad. Not Fallout 76 bad. Not Anthem Bad. This is a whole another level of “Wow. This is the worst FPS game I ever played.” Bad. And what’s the most surprising is. This came from a developer that has made excellent excellent games. What happen?
How does this game lack the basics of a FPS . These developers are getting really lazy
The audio log thing reminded me of how much I hated it in Callisto Protocol, although I suppose it doesn't help that I was spoiled by playing DS:R before.  If you can't manage stupid little things and make them not stupid (like being able to move and listen to audio logs) I really don't expect you to manage the rest of the game at large.
Called it from miles away, their last game, deathloop was so bad that almost their entire playerbase stopped playing the game in the first few days after launch. Then the massive high fidelity CG marketing videos to advertise Redfall was a major redflag (get it?) that the entire budget went into those videos. The entire premise was dumb and seemed like it came out of an executive's office full of people that don't like video games and have no interest in video games.  Just a bland cash grab by out-of-touch rich people paying min wage to a bunch of revolving door game devs.  You're using UE5, an engine so easy to work with, you don't need to code, and the amount of development time is cut down to fractions compared to working with other engines. Which tells me this was on purpose. They did a year+ of million dollar marketing campaigns, then made a game in 6 months for like $200k, and then sold it to investors and the bank with massively inflated numbers (fraud), and made sure they get their money when it fails on launch.  Been happening a lot, and I can't help but think big game publishers need to be investigated by the federal government more often. I doubt these billion dollar publishers keep making mistakes over and over again. There is a clear formula to making money here developed by lawyers and financial officers that revolves around fraud. I can't imagine people actually paying money for this garbage, even the largest market, rich children.
This does make you think about Starfield. Bethesda were prepared to release Fallout 76 couched in a mountain of Todd-Sh**. It's already been delayed, so if Redfall is the acceptable bar after all the previous pushback, it ain't looking to good.
It's crazy to think that a game like Elden Ring costs the same as this
I do have a few problems with this review. One on the crow skill. You can definitely not level the crow damaging things, and it will still only scout, and get ones that mark if you look at an enemy for like two seconds. Just a small nitpick, but I did wanna bring it up
You know, i love my Xbox and im soo soo happy this piece of shovelware has been released. No execs at Microsoft actually play video games and they are allowing this crap to be released. Can only go up from here 😂.
I just started the game and have been streaming it on the Xbox series. X. Yes, it’s buggy. Story isn’t much good either. Big empty world to walk around and no vehicles you can drive.  But the gameplay is not too bad. I’ve started it so I’ll have to finish it  i’ll give it a 3 out of 10
Next Gen ladies and gentlemen  This is what we paid over £400 to play...
How did this happen?
Big game publisher´s surefire recipe for success:  Take a universally beloved developer making beloved games that achieve critical success but not monumental sales (a cardinal sin in the games industry) and let them make something completely out of their comfort zone: a looter shooter that consequently tanks critically, makes huge losses and gets shut down after a few months. Im talking of course about EA, Bioware and Anthem.
This game has the graphics of Bioshock 1 before the remastered version lol
Redfall's empty world is the perfect allegory for the player base a month from now
I can say iIm genuinely disappointed. I really though it beeing an Arkane game it would be great. Expectations are joykillers 😔
This makes Back 4 Blood look like a 10/10 (and it absolutely isn't).
1:24 what do you mean "the last time"? They made Deathloop!
When I heard they were making a vampire looter, I got pretty excited. Ugh too bad
Wait isn’t this the new elder scrolls game? SINCE WHEN DID ELDER SCROLLS HAVE GUNS
This game makes people check out Prey just by existing.
I think it's about time we get a ban on single-player games that have looter-shooter equipment menus like 18:32 or just looter-shooter mechanics at all.
I'd like to remind everyone that Bethesda's asking price for this pile of shit is 70€.
ok guys, let's pretend redfall doesn't exist and go replay both dishonored games and the prey remake
If your looking for a gamepass game guys ghostwire tokyo is on there instead of this catastrophe
I already knew this game would suck, this has been a trend for years now, Microsoft's quality control is garbage or nonexistent at all.
Is it the first independent, full scale project released by Arkane Austin? If so, that's  a rough start. Hope they don't get folded
I've had a really crappy week, but your reactions in this review gave me a good laugh. Thank you
I’m neither an Xbox fanboy or a PS fanboy I’m lucky enough to own both but I do play my Xbox more just because I still play with the same group of guys that I met on the original MW2…….with the lack of exclusives on the console and crap exclusives at that PS is going to be getting alot more of my money…..Xbox needs a reason for me to stop playing warzone, fortnite and hunt showdown. Yes there are other games and tons more options however with the time and all that I have to dedicate to games which is not much it’s hard to look at an Xbox exclusive game and think “yeah this 500 buck console was worth it” Xbox isn’t losing customers to PlayStation it’s forcing them to it
Pity
people still buy games? lollert
I think the reason we're seeing so many bad games lately has something to do with the rank and file designer employee pool, at this point, is all whiny Tumblr kids more concerned with complaining that they had to work more than 30 hours in a climate-controlled office this week and "representation and omg student loans" type writing and have no skill at making actual games.
I can't wait to hear the story of how this disaster happened. My bet is that it was similar to Anthem, where despite being in development for ages the game was actually thrown together in a year.
It can’t be arkane. Xbox must’ve done sum like always
11:45 We got here after years and years of painstaking, well-crafted immersive sims being lovely critical darlings but commercial underperformers. I don't know how to put it any plainer than that.
It's not trash, but I agree the game could've been better.
Can’t wait for the dishonored battle royale
What a shame
I was so excited for this game because honestly the idea of an arcane spin on the far cry formula was really exciting to me because far cry is a guilty pleasure of mine and I can confidently say this is way worse than far cry 6.
This year has a lot of bangers incoming and having already blown my game budget, being able to miss this for Armored Core feels good.
I uninstalled this trash after 30 mins on pc gamepass lol
Arkane has always been mid but now under Microsoft they are even worse
How The Mighty Fall...    To Greed.
I love the tone and delivery of how this review is presented. Much more exciting than the actual game…
Dishonored is 10+ years older than Redfall and somehow 10x better. How
I  think  this is Microsofts fault ,in that they so desperate for new ip's  for  the new xbox ,that they rush games out that arent finished instead of making a good game thats memorable for the xbox to compete against playstation
We need a post mortem on what the actual fuck happened here. What devs left, what management bullshit happened. This feels like the product of a broken dev team.
Honestly this sucks. Vampires have been underrepresented in gaming for some time now. They were huge when Castlevania was still... well releasing games and there was Vampyr but that was kinda it. Was hoping for Arkane to do something cool here.
JFC This is grim.
These types of releases make a strong case for triple A studios. I'm sold. This is a quality product. How could I have ever questioned it.
Also, am I too late with “Redfallout 76?”
If I was a developer on this game I wouldn't want this on my resume.
Haha what a title
To think this is the same developer who made the Jindosh Mansion and Stilton Manor levels in Dishonored 2.
I want to know what fustercluck happened during development.
Good review, however I’m little confused as to why you keep talking as if Prey/Prey:Mooncrash was Arkane’s most recent release when Deathloop (a game that actually seems quite similar to this) was released more recently?   Hell, this seems to be the first Arkane game developed mainly by Arkane Austin, so there’s a good chance a decent amount of people working on this never actually worked on Prey.
Skill up said, "Arcane didn't care about putting effort into making this game, so I'll match their energy for this review".
Man I can't believe Bethesda released Brink 2
God of war is worth 70$, this is worth nothing since it can be recreated in the fortnight creator in about 5 hours. So far Microsoft has not earned that 70$ price tag.
This review was more entertaining than the game...
Arkane just wanted to make a cool throwback to 2006.
That framerate  so smooooooooth
The nerve of them charging $70 for this garbage
I feel like Redfall was the sacrificial lamb so when Starfield comes out and is just okay, people will say it's fantastic when subconsciously comparing to Redfall.
Oh god….. he’s listing lazily to the left!!!
I am sitting here eating popcorn
11:00 I literally spilled my coffee
Looks like we will have a “what happened” on this game at some point
Last two AAA's that should of launched GREAT =2×STEAMING  💩 💩
Diversity and inclusion hiring practices are working I see.
Every single fucking game is becoming the exact same RPG bullshit. Numbers popping up when attacking enemies? It's just Borderlands but very shit. Following the same formula just to be safe will doom your fucking game when people get tired of the exact same thing but in a different case or packaging. Experimenting with different formulas is what makes your games fun to play, that's why Indie games are much more loved. Midnight Fight Express is an example of an experimental free flow fighting game formula, it worked out and people enjoyed it because it was unlike other games they've played, even though it did borrow some from Arkham or Sifu and other free flow mechanics.
I don’t get it. This game is clearly unfinished. What were they working on this whole time? The open world geometry? How did they commit to this release date?
"Stop me if you can!" 🤣😂
Lmao I called this was going to happen back when i saw the e3 trailer
The movie theater mission 😂
This game makes Forspoken look like a masterpiece.
A damn shame. We need more good vampire games.
This dude put more effort finding a key than the dev making this game
Absolutely bloody shocking! Microsoft are useless. They keep proving this year after year. Fookin dreadful.
Incompetent scam of a game. Arkane studios is dead. Write it off. It joins the ranks of EA, Blizzard and Ubisoft. Hope for anything good from them in the future is gone. bye forever
What do Xbox actually have for people to look forward to now? They messed up their flagship franchise Halo. Where are the rest if their titles they announced so long ago?
Don't be so mean. Clearly this is someone's student project.
I'm about 18 minutes in to the video at the moment, and my overwhelming feeling watching this game is that it feels like it was made as a tax break.
Damn, this looks like an indie knock off of far cry made by 2 guys who liked v rising and wanted shooting lmao
I know zombies are overdone and all, but who actually wanted a vampire game?
EASILY one of the worst games I have played on the current console generation.
Top notch unintentional comedy mixed in with unintentional jaw drops… I loved this…🤣🤣🤣🤣
Xbox am i right ahahaha
Everything about this game's visual design feels poorly thought out and slapped together. Who approved of the rook being a protein powder infused buff boy in a sleeveless trench coat? Like the video already said; it feels like parody.
immersive sim is nebulous and vapid therefore I say it is time to coin a new term for games like system shock and Deus ex. Door RPG because all these games are about opening or bypassing fucking doors. the door RPG is the opposite of a CRPG, because enemies are just doors that can kill you because they often block your progress. killing enemies in Door RPGs is a puzzle in itself, focusing on using dumb shit like an oversized hot glue gun to blind monster so you can hit them with a wrench instead of using a shotgun because shotgun ammo is better for opening wooden doors.
Everyone should go home from work, school, etc and purchase either dishonored 1,2 or prey, just to show Arkane, Xbox, Microsoft and our alien overlords that we’d rather play those than this half baked joke of a time waster.
But...but...gamepass....best deal in gaming!!!...day 1 AAA release!! You dont get it skill up. you are acting entitled by complaining about something which you can play for 'free'.  what loser would pay $70 for games like FF16, zelda, or GOW? smart move is to pay $15 every month for games like redfall and save money. Microsoft is a saint, they think so much about consumers by giving them the best deal in gaming!!....(with no string  attached obviously, Uncle Phil says so)
This is so sad and deflating. Honestly.
Hey Ralph, is Monopoly a "boardgame?"  Come on, man, I know you guys barely speak English down there, but it's "video game."
feels like the devs cared about this game as much as the players would
1:51 memus
The AAA industry has been in a messy state for over a decade now. The Titans that use to be trend setters (Bethesda, Activision, Ubisoft, etc.) became the trend chasers starting as early as 2011, and it's resulted in the overall quality of games decreasing tenfold since then. There is no excuse for an entire industry to be failing at performing the bare minimum to ship a functioning product, and yet we continue to see poorly optimized games with insidious marketplaces dominating the release calendar time and time again.  It speaks volumes that the primary force propping up the entire gaming industry is the indi sector as we continue to see small time development studios innovate and adapt. Valheim, RimWorld, Factorio, and countless other games have absolutely embarrassed the AAA industry by producing higher quality games, selling the for <$40, and generating enough profits to continue innovating.    I still can't believe there are people out there trying to justify the $70 price tag either. I guess some people are masochists and love the pain?
I'd argue that Fallout 76, while an unquestionably broken mess at launch, has improved somewhat over time with updates and content additions, and I know many dedicated players who find genuine, unironic enjoyment playing it (I was one of them until I got burned out and wanted to move on).  I don't see that happening with Redfall.  The work that would have to go into fixing this game would be so extensive that they'd pretty much have to tear it down and rebuild from the ground up, and we all know that's not going to happen.
Dear Microsoft, please hire Skill Up. Amen.
Absolutely brutal...I hope MS and Arkane play this on a giant projector at their next meeting. What a disgrace
This might sound very "nitpicky" considering all the apparent problems, but that freaking lathe should be at least half it's size! I know most people wouldn't distinguish shit from fart, but for those who know better, is very jarring and it jerks us out of the experience like being dropkicked out of it... I'm only mentioning this cuz this is far from being the 1st time I've noticed such blunders in games, plus kicking it while on the ground is just fun (at least more fun than playing the darn game, it seems.. yeah I am mean 😂) Yeah, who's fault was it? Who's the responsible for this mess? Does anyone really cares?? Better yet, SHOULD anyone care?? It's unfortunate but the responsibility still falls on Arkane's "shoulders" wether or not is their faut... Ultimately, knowledge regarding  reason and culprit is irrelevant to us consumers, even if might be amusing knowing... One thing I'll never completely understand is the tribalism and the loyalty folks feel towards companies and corporations, since it not only never reciprocated, heck, it would be very unlikely to happen ever, even if we're at all possible... Cheers...
I love how the Far Cry 3 on ps3 looks better
Holy Shit, that wasn't a review, it was a mercy killing.
The greatest positive about this game is that it spawned this amazing review.
And there are people who give this 5 stars....
"Whether we wanted it or not, we've stepped into a war with the Cabal on Mars. So let's get to taking out their command, one by one. Valus Ta'aurc. From what I can gather he commands the Siege Dancers from an Imperial Land Tank outside of Rubicon. He's well protected, but with the right team, we can punch through those defenses, take this beast out, and break their grip on Freehold."
I don't know why, but the "stealth kills" in this game make me laugh unreasonably hard every time. 😂
Man this really hurts...  How many cool concepts that didn't land or were so under developed. I already had so many cool moments in my head of having this Dying light feeling of day/night cycles opening up many different approaches to combat and exploration filled with your typical open world objectives and missions. Just that with fun gunplay and smart level design we expect from Arkane and this would have being a really fun Co-op game.   It wouldn't have gotten big scores or topped their previous work but at least it would have being 'Good'. This is just shameful and knowing this and 'Starfield'  are by far the only real big AAA hitters for Xbox this year hurts even harder.   I'm sorry but Xbox you lost me completely and you give me no faith for the future, especially after hearing all those 'Dev hell' rumors from your other announced titles.
Awesome review, very bleak future indeed if this is the best Bethesda has.
PREY2 died for this.
THIS GAME COSTS HOW MUCH!?!?!!! God DAMN that asking price is WAY too high even if it was a fantastic game at launch. I can't believe this is coming from the same people who gave us Dishonored. what a shame. what a ... dishonor.
The deadzone thing was a problem for me at first, but if u change it to “low” then its fine
nice one, microsoft! 🎉
The thing that really stands out after playing Jedi Survivor is how god awful the voice acting is in this too. When I saw this, I thought it was some trashy indie game. I had no idea it was done by Arkane and they should be embarrassed that this exists.
I feel that everyone is saying its on "gamepass" so it's free or "it's good enough for gamepass". I have always been a sony guy, I bought a series x and it's just been sitting gathering dust sadly. All my back catalogue is on PS and I've still not been sold an that Xbox "system seller" sadlly. I just want something that makes me go YES.... This is why I bought my series x. Sadly, that day has yet to come.
This is absolutely damning. Wow. Great video as always but...damn.
I didn't want to believe it was this bad. But it's so much worse.
Damn, the Microsoft curse strikes again
In all honesty this is a bad game and a shit arkane game but shillup you used sniper rifle had this game been 10/10 masterpiece sniper rifle would still be op
Mostly I’m disappointed that it’s just a reskinned zombie game.
Ah man, these are almost all post production issues. Wish they gave it more time in the oven. Glad it was delayed
Oof.
Star Wars Episode One Pod Racing was a way better addition
Damn! That's an impressive stealth animation indeed! 😂
Wait…. Tell me how you really feel Skillup.
Glad I chose to get Jedi Survivor over this.
There’s got to be more to this story, I can’t believe arkane wanted to make this, or are happy they made this
This is what happens when a studio goes Microsoft... look at Rare. Arkane used to be so good
Microsoft still hasn’t learned that throwing money around doesn’t equal good products.
I’m worried for Starfield, but I’m more worried for Elder Scrolls 6. I feel both of them will have some kind of microtransaction storefront that will hide decent armors and weapons behind a paywall. Even equipment that is meant to be goofy or reference other games, that should be Easter eggs to find in the game. Will be behind this storefront because ,,oh, it’s just joke stuff. It doesn’t break the lore.”
I think Microsoft was wanting this game and they got it. Remember the stories about the million man raid for a game?
Travesty.
Nice chair technique!
This game makes Fallout 76 look like a masterpiece...
I am glad to see that I'm not the only person who opens that safe in Deus Ex with a LAM.
Is it just me, or does it seem like the wheels are coming off when it comes to games development these days (years)? This kind of jank and sloppy development is to be expected from indie developers who have small teams and less funding for playtesting and quality control, but it seems like AAA development studios are all losing the plot and churning out barely-playable less-than-Beta quality dreck as of late. When a company with Arkane, owned by Microsoft no less, can't make the grade? Something is rotten in the State of Microsoft...
I never thought the day would come that I’d have to apologize to someone at IGN. Gawddaaaaaaaaamn
I played this game as a beta tester last year and i gave them so much feedback about the issues i got with the game. Found so many bugs, threw so many question about their design choices and the problem with the shooting and at lot of the issues you presented here on your video. They took it... and i guess they didn't care about anything i said and the rest of the tester i guess were happy with just being there instead of doing their job as tester and tell and be vocal when things are clearly wrong.  People excusing this game with the "Oh. Games are to have fun. This game with friends is good. You guys focusing more on framerate than in the game itself" and i'm here sitting "No man... Games need to be fun before anything, but they also need to work and makes sense with their design philosophy. They need to have charm,a catch,something that makes you wanting to keep playing instead of feeling like a generic experience you got like 10 years ago, but worse".
Are watchers broken or is that noodle of a spotlight actually supposed to catch someone?
"Continuing Arkane's legacy of carefully crafted worlds and immersive sims" That, my friend, is what can be construed as "false advertisement" in a legal sense.   That being said, even after the acquisition spree Microsoft still does not have a system seller (or perhaps Game Pass seller) game (which i might argue started from the very beginning of the 8th gen AKA Xbox One), UNTIL TODAY! HALO infinite was a disaster that reinforces the idea that give someone else the chance to make HALO games and not 343 and now this? damn son looks like even money can't save you from having a good first party title
Microsft answer moment  Dude doesn't even have a damn shadow.
The new running joke should be "it's like watching paint load"
This is trash but I really wouldnt put deathloop on the same levels as prey and dishonored  Its far worse than either of those
I think Arkane's co-founder Rapahel Colantonio said it best when he left the studio after Bethesda sabotaged Prey 2017 and set it up for commercial failure, "You're not making a videogame anymore, you're making a product".
10:55 that was way funnier than it should have been
the rook boss fight guide showed me everything I needed to know regarding this game, thanks for suffering through this garbage to show it off to us
They had the audacity to charge $70 for this garbage 😑
The tweet ralph put out though was very dramatic for lack of a better word. I recommend reading it guys!
When a game requires no man's sky levels of reworking in order to salvage any good faith from its audience, that's a tragic thing right there.  This game doesn't need content updates it's an apology, and Raphael( co-founder) to come back to arkane.
never been a fanboy but still quite content as an xbox owner for the past decade plus but damn the line "the last 1st party exclusive Sony put out was GoW Ragnarok. The next 1st party exclusive from Nintendo is Tears of The Kingdom" really fucking got me
I died one time in the few hours we played this (on the highest difficulty they LET you play... Highest is locked behind a game completion lololol)... And that was only because my friend blew up a car i was standing next to.  Holy lord, Arkane, how did this happen?
Lol i remember a youtube conversation where someone called Horizon Forbidden West Mid and told someon just to wait for Bethesdas "big hitter"..... Yeah...
Arkane... how the fuck did this happen with Arkane?
Skill up putting the tapping keyboard sound to progress the barebones powerpoint is more effort and budget put into this game. Obviously this is false, but it sure as hell feels like it.
You people should really start reading "credits" before opening your motuh on game development subject
I was going to check it out since its on gamepass but its over 100gb.  After seeing that and this review, i dunno i guess ill pass in the game.
This is a game developed on a game pass budget. Get used to this quality going forward Xbots.
Good lord this looks awful
1:50 A tattoed female priest, fuck my life. Im glad this shit failed.
Going to be honest, if you need sim assist in a shooter console or not…you suck at aiming and need to get better at controlling your own movements. Change the sensitivity or improve your own personal body. This game is an absolute mess but it’s the input delay and unchangeable input acceleration that’s an issue. Not that the game isn’t auto targeting for the player. That’s a skill issue not a gameplay issue. The unchangeable aspects to control one’s character easier are the issue and again, I don’t mean by turning in auto lock or character homing. Those are cheats and lack of skill handicaps. Do not ask for shit like that. It’s ok if a game has then and yes, it makes things feel better because they are easier and dumbed down…duh.
I may be in the minority here, but I saw all of these problems with Deathloop. Deathloop is not good and signaled that Arkane wasn’t capable of making a good game anymore. The only thing Deathloop succeeded in doing was make me angry that I wasn’t playing a third Dishonored game instead. Would love a return to the Dishonored universe with different characters, settings, etc. Emily and Corvo’s story seems done to me so I’m not advocating for a rehash lol.
Cyberpunk looking beter BY THE HOUR
Its amazing how Arkane Austin went from creating arguably one of the most complex and stylish first person games of all time to THIS. I think its even worse flop than Saints Row reboot just because of how hard the quality bard been dropped
Embarrassingly low budget and amateurish.
It's a trick. They release games like this so you lower your expectations for future games so you're less critical. You'll be more like "at least it isn't Redfall" or "they learned their leasson after Redfall," allowing them to release lower quality games without as much backlash.
This makes me worried for any first party Microsoft games. First Halo Infinite and now this. They are absolutely struggling to compete and it’s no one’s fault but their own
I panicked last year when they shown it and that was me out. Its awful and I feel for the people whos paid for this dross!
damn, i was really hoping this game was better.
It's shocking honestly when you compare it to Dishonored or Prey. It feels like a team vaguely trying to mimic aspects of what makes Arkane so unique, but then failing on all fronts. Or it feels like this team REALLY didn't wanna make the game and just sabotaged themselves, which I can't believe to be remotely true. I just wonder what the hell happened with this game.  Feels like a modern day Brink for Bethesda.
Is this baby’s first spooky game or something? What is this game rated? Was this seriously marketed toward adults, not pre teens or teens? It’s like a Nickelodeon goose bumps game
Man if Mack reviews this, he's gonna destroy his bell again. absolutely
looks like the WarZ
This makes me think they only have 2-3 gameplay animators and tried to make efficient decisions. This, of course, falls apart if the rest of the game is wonky.
the rook section hahahahaha
this also reduce my faith in Starfield for sure..
This is gaming now. Never ever buy a game day 1. Buy them when they go on sale and just watch sponsored channels playing it.
That stealth kill animation has me in tears 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Arkane is a great developer all these years. Prey and Dishonored are amazing games but Deathloop is an overrated game. Not that good as the reviews said. I think the problems started there and now we have Redfall.
Getting REALLLL tired of game devs pumping shit out like this thinking its a good idea. I just fucking hate that COMPLETE games are a fucking RARE thing nowadays. Hi fi rush being the only *complete game* that comes to mind thats released recently.
This game didn't seem like a good premise ever since they first announced it. But who would have thought it looks and plays like a game from the ps1
go woke go broke, glad it failed
This breaks my heart.
Wtf is this shit 😂
If this had been a PS5 game, all of these reviewers would be saying it was the greatest thing ever and praising Arkane's artistic choices. I played it solo the night it came out and with two friends last night and I think it good fun game. Had no issues with the shooting /aiming. It runs great on the series X. There may be issues on the pc. I don't play on pc so that doesn't affect me.
My god, super vid
Maaaan.. I thought you would at least create a Punny name like Redfail
Damn.  I've been watching Skill Up since his Nier: Automata review and this is probably his most scathing review.  My bar for 'vampire coolness' comes from my experience with the ttrpg 'Vampire: The Masquerade' so Redfall's cartoonish take on vamps was always a hard pass for me.  What I really want to know is what happened at Arkane Studios that caused this to come about?  *throws smokebomb at ground and summons Jason Schrier*
Fuck turning excellent singleplayer games into dogshit multiplayer ones. There are plenty of multiplayer games out there, hands off!
An utterly uninteresting game, so the footage presents. Haven’t seen much this bad
The cursor in this game is like the employees who worked on this game. It just doesnt feel like working.
Oh man video games require so much hard work and so much money and so many resources these days that’s why we had to jack up the price of AAA games to $70 to maintain the excellent quality you’re used to.
Before this came out, I was really disappointed it wasn’t coming to PlayStation. Guess I’m not missing out after all…
I dont know but when this was announced, just by looking at the characters (straight out of tumblr) I knew this game was going to be trash.
I can’t for the life of me understand why a studio that can’t make a game with good gunplay to save their life keep wanting to make shooters
Even though it's being built by a different studio this amkes me feel so uneasy for Starfield, especially as the first party IP's from them have been lacking in most areas, from gameplay to heavy microtransaction. That goes especially for bethesda as most of their games have been middle of the road or bad, the last game I had full on fun in being released in 2017. I like xbox's hands off approach but they really need to start checking their games they are releasing as they've been taking L after L in video games for a while now.
Nice destiny sponsor
What the hell happened to Arkane?  I thought even Deathloop was a bit of a step down for them.
I still don't understand people who are still defending Bethesda. Tango Gameworks is the only thing that is ok for the moment and that was recent acquisition. Everything they have had has turned to absolute shit. They are hell bent on destroying everything they touch.  If anyone know skyrim modding scene is a joke because they keep updating game to monetize mods. A game that is OVER DECADE OLD yet they continue to screw with with it and people keep defending them from madders coitizing them.
Tragic.
this makes me so tense about Obsidian and Awowed as well
Oof. Large oof
Whats to think Microsoft buying Activision Blizzard will help at all if they're negelcting their newly bought companies like a step child.
This terrible pice of s... cash grab asks you for 70 USD, then theres Star rail a f2p game which give you an interesting world to explore, a good bunch of content, good animations and can be played in smartphones and PC, as far as i have seen you can access all of that for free (you only need to be conscious of the terrible gacha). Man, after PREY Arkhane went to shit, so sad...
This is by far the least immersive game I've seent all year. I can't believe not only is Arkane scamming fans and making garbage cash grabs but they have the audacity to lie about the genre on top of everything
Scathing. Love the bleak chapter slides 😂
Hey maybe somewhere in the code there is a line with a letter to much that governs the AI.  And in three years someone finds it and makes an unofficial patch...just changing that one line...and it works.
I fucking love your utter lack of care and enthusiasm here. It is really sad how arkane have fallen from grace. But the way you present each segment and the monotonity in your voice probably parallels the amount of thought that was put into designing this piece of crap of a video game.
In terms of gun play and the amount of weapons and upgrades it's good, I can see what they was trying to do but my god, its just become another rushed Microsoft exclusive.
Wow. Ouch that hurt but its fair. Sad to see Arcane and Microsoft realease this. If Starfield it's bad Microsoft maybe doomed :,(.
I LOL'ed so hard at 11:00
Playing the game right now. It's fine. The internet overreacting and jumping on the hate train as usual. If you haven't played it at all and are just going off of someone else's opinion like a normie NPC, or you've only put 2 or 3 hours into it, just shut the fk up until you've put significant time into it. Keep in mind Skill Up is the same guy who was paid to blatantly shill Cyberpunk as some next-level masterpiece despite knowing it was a buggy disaster. Moral of the story, always play everything for yourself. ALWAYS.
Starfield will be fallout 76 in space .. DOA
Got to hand it to Sony. They're like the only studio that doesn't consistently destroy the other studios they buy. It's almost enough to hope MS does buy Activision so I can watch it die a slow, hilarious death.
Oof
Don't forget the diversity casting! (We all know what they REALLY focused on)
Nice review. I got the deluxe edition. All these recent game releases are so disappointing, I just ordered a complete Virpil HOTAS set and I’m going to fly in DCS and MSFS to ease my disappointment. 😂
The situation of this game is just sad....
This should terrify anyone thinking that Starfield is going to be a killer app. Clearly Microsoft cares more about quantity then quality.
Clearly all the talent from arkanes previous games have departed
Wanted this on PS5..... Not anymore 🤣
playstation dodged a sliver bullet on this one
With all that empty space and lack of enemies in the world.. why are we stuck with 30 frames again?
This is how blow a car. This is how blow my mind.  AAA 2023
I bet that IGN reviewer is soo relieved now the game is out and people can see it wasnt his fault. Its a shame,  I was so looking forward to this game too
how can they screw up games like this so badly? i guess its just lazy ass devs but still.  seriously i had pretty low interest to this game before it came out and now it seems like glad i didnt lol it looks horrible graphics are meh too . seriously? what the  f is up with game devs today are they so lazy and cash strapped they have to make this pos? an INDY dev could make a better game then this!
I like how Arkane is known for immersive games and then they make this game where you get a film reel, and when you bring it to the cinema to view it, it's a slideshow like the rest of the games "cutscenes" truly immersive.
Talking about how bad the controls feel had me thinking. Really sucks in this day in age when we had the blueprints for 'good' fps controls laid out by Halo 1 back in 2001 and slowly things got really good from the Halo franchise, to CoD during 7th gen and even stuff like borderlands were all good on controller or MKB. And now with modern retro shooter revival, doom 2016, destiny, fortnight, apex legends - like, it's pretty refined at this point the standard of how your shooter or first person game should 'feel' to play and options for a good experience but it really sucks seeing games like this come out and they just somehow manage to miss the mark
My boy hitting all the emotional notes! We got Prey intro and Zavala just in the first minutes, IDK if my heart can handle this
This is why I don’t buy games on release for years. And for all the folks that say price increases are due to inflation and othe rnonsense I highly recommend you think about checking out the stock history for publicly traded devs over the last decade or so. Steady gains only interrupted temporarily by a drop after releasing some mess of a game. These companies aren’t hurting even alittle bit.
what I think Arkane should do on top of admitting they created a heaping pile of dog shit that is redfall, is also offer complete refunds to the people who bought it for $70 on all platforms. It is not the consumer’s fault for buying a overhyped and under delivered game thus allowing a full refund and for Arkane/Bethesda/Microsoft to take the financial L and move on.
The theater mission must have been bugged for you, or the difficulty was lower - I played on Tier 3, and there was a mini boss in the basement, about 8 enemies out front, about 6-7 in the back, and I think 4 in the actual theater space
What’s going on with Microsoft and their games? It’s been like this for a decade now.
Screams mismanagement to me.
It's the worst game I have ever played
Ive played a few hours of this so far and I get the impression that Arkane had some sort of contractual obligation to make a game for Bethesda that they really had no interest in doing,  and Redfall is the result.
The fact they still priced this at $70USD/$120AUD and held embargo til release day was fucking apalling
Do not buy this, do not play this. Do not support trash at all! We are the ones showing the industry it’s ok to shovel out shit that’s buggy or clearly unfinished. Stop supporting this garbage! Or else we will keep getting more that’s worse.
This almost seems purposeful to me? This can’t be an accident. Something’s off
I love this review but wish you went even harder because it's so bad it deserves it  "if a developer can't be bothered to finish their game, why should I?" lmfao I died.
Why am I not surprised at all ?
Go Xbox.
90 CAD + HST in Canada. Which is about 100 f*cking Canadian dollars for this bag of ass.
So, not game of the year?
The fact that you or anyone ever thought that one of the biggest scum companies in Microsoft buying a smaller scum company in Bethesda would make things better really makes me laugh. Plus why on earth would anyone have any faith in Starfiled, Bethesda have spend decades releasing unoptimized, janky and bugged products, Starfiled will be no different. Just wake up people, how many times to you need to be screwed over until you learn.
Thought this looked sh*t and uninspired upon first viewing ages ago, seems like it's even worse in reality.
Prey was the last half decent game Arcane will ever make. I'm guessing much of the staff is just different now.
I disagree. I'm near the end, I'd give it a 6 out of 10. Had zero performance issues. World is way too empty but this isn't a disaster game imo
Given how much I absolutely love the Dishonoured games I can't quite put into words just how disappointed and sad this makes me...
Did Arkane went with "Destiny uses slideshows, our looter shooter can use slideshows"?
Are we sure this isn't some kind of an elaborate attempt to sell us an early access proof of concept title for full AAA price? From everything I've seen it's like this game had NO budgeting whatsoever - it uses Unreal Engine, the world is fucking empty, the graphics are  from late PS3 era, the animations are terrible, the cutscenes are all either sideshows or stills, and so on
I’m glad it’s not just me
Is this game at joke... Are the devs meming on us? 😅
14:53  “There’s a safe house that needs our help. Think you can do it.” Preston “The Vampire Slayer” Garvey.
U know the meme that a.i is making games now.....I think that may be a reality sooner then we think lol
17:51. “Stop me if you can!” *get stuck in chair lol
at 27:05 wait. that's Genius. maybe, they can use this game and it's assets as the foundation for Prey 2... like just rework the mechanics a bit put the story back in the game and your good
The worst part of this mess is that there will still be scores of apologists proudly chanting the endlessly ignorant refrain, "Well, I played it with my friends and we still had fun."  There's a reason this broken shit is MULTIPLAYER.
It’s disgusting that some media organisations are giving this game good reviews. They must be paid.
I guess I stick with Stellaris for another ten years Imao AAA games fucking suck
We have to apologize to IGN... what a time to be alive
Even if this came out over 10 years ago this game would have been considered mediocre.
Next step, implement a £14.99 monthly Redfall subscription service which provides "convenience items" like open world enemy packs and meaningful weapon stats.
I'm really impressed how many obvious clipping issues the reload animations have in the 70$ game
I agree with all your points, and also the fact that it looks like this game is immenselly poorly balanced, the lack of enemies, how easy and dumb they are, all of that stuff, but i think on the kill part it was a little to hars, first of all the game has no good base at all to even know if the skills are actually well made and balanced, and also you talked about the bird doing damage on a stealth character and also lack of ability points, and i just feel like its normal to not be able to invest in everything cause if you could just max all it would feel like there is not much choice besides order of acquisition and everyone would end with the same characters, and if you choose the playstyle where the bird does damage of course the bird does damage, if you wanted something else you should not have invested in that skill tree. But something i find absurd is for the game to work like that and not offer a full skill point reset anywhere(not that i know if there is or isnt one of these in the game, because if there is then things would be even more fine in that department).
We don’t owe the IGN reviewer an apology because if he didn’t understand the problem with the controllers’ deadzone (which he never mentioned), maybe he should look for a different line of work.
I like how the amount of effort shown in transition screen during this review reflects the amount of effort in this game.
It is a sad time for gaming, especially for PC gaming with all the performance issues we are having these days. Media and content creators should stop hyping games and even presenting trailer and gameplay if the game does not look good. I believe this is part of their responsibility in protecting the customers. Why did IGN hyped the game, and presented it to their audience? They should have told the truth.
I have never heard such a depressing intro… we need to find some good games for this guy!
Remember when EA said a build of Anthem sucked? Where was that person for Redfall?
I tried to play this game with a friend day one. We made it about 5 minutes into the game and had to call it quits.
I appreciate the direct correlation between the ammount of effort put into making Redfall and the video's editor, @BloomHD , in making this video's transitions
Just uninstalled Redfall from my Xbox. Very disappointed in Microsoft right now. Their games have been really, really bad.
Gamepass effect?
Redfall is the kind of game to score a 6/10 in 2012.
Is this just a symptom of games being released on Xbox/ Game Pass?
Redfall: Good enough for Game Pass.
Thanks for keeping the humor up with this one. It's just sad to see
thats pretty terrrible they didnt bother to do any animatied cutscenes i mean wasnt this supposed to be one of the big buget aaa games this month? really? lol
If Starfield is anything less than a masterpiece, I feel like Xbox will take a permanent shot to brand reputation. The last 12 months have been nothing but Ls for the platform. They have great hardware and a fantastic value proposition, but without titles that actually justify its existence, the Xbox will just feel like a second tier brand, which is a tragedy considering how much amazing IP Microsoft holds right now.
$70
Sadge, I knew this would suck but i hoped i was wrong
Actually baffles me that arkane fan boys are still around trying to defend this ****
Thank you for being the first channel ive seen bring up the the deadzone while aiming. Shooting isnt fun in this FPS game. Everyone ive seen talks about all glitches and frame rate, which are bad and i agree, but then they all say "at least the shootings fun". No no, no no no.... no.
Just to remind ya’ll, Forspoken has animated cutscenes.  FORSPOKEN.
How the fuck did this happen? Also, how the fuck are there people defending this?
After watching this, i can't wait for metro next installment, only they are the studio who are series about providing quality games
Looks pretty good for the first ever game entirely made by ChatGPT
How much is that Steel Series headset, looks frickin amazing!
"Vampire Blowjob" was not on my bingo card for this game 😂
This is the opposite of world building, world purging 🤦‍♂
I’ve never had any interest in this game so I have no idea why I’m even watching these reviews… guess there’s a similar beauty in watching a train crash
Worst ai of all time
You do know 76 is pretty good now right? and has been for _years_. you look extremely uniformed when you keep bringing it up in the context of games that are bad _now_. talking about its launch is fine, that was inexcusable, but it has been plenty patched and added upon since. You just look bitter at this point.
I feel more bad for Arkane than Bethesda cause I have Prey and Dishonored and those games are great. I guess I'm skipping this.
at least in the apocalypse you can still count on your chair
I refuse to believe this is the same team that made Prey...something must have gone really wrong during development.
I hope Arkane survives this game, we need the Dishonored and Prey days again
This game is really trash
I bet Redfall sells well. I’m enjoying it but my love for vampire media is carrying me through it. It’s everybody’s fault tho dishonored 2 didn’t sell well even tho it was great prey didn’t sell well so we’ll never see a sequel even tho it was great. Deathloop didn’t sell well even tho it was good. Redfall is getting ripped and guess what watch it sell well
This game is a contender for worst game of 2023. Everything about this game is the worst, poor Xbox the shots just keep coming. Surely it's only up from here right? Starfield please don't be trash I can't deal with another abomination of a game.
Arkane is the most overrated developers of all time. I’ve always thought every game they made was overrated. All the dishonored games were not it at all for me.. bioshock did it better and deathloop was torture to me with the repetitiveness
This game sums up the current state of society. Overpriced half assed products made by half assed companies ran by half assed people who got degrees by half assing their way through school
That bit towards the end about Sony and Nintendo's recent exclusives in comparison to this one really drives the point home... or should I say really steaks the vampire? How Microsoft thought this was worth a release at all is beyond me.
Star Wars Jedi: Survivor was a good game broken at launch, reviews are getting more positive. Redfall is an awful game also broken at launch, reviews are getting worse
Still not enough to forgive that IGN person.
Makes u wonder what they were thinking
I'm pretty sure Microsoft asked Arkane to make a Co op looter shooter and made this bad on purpose so they wouldn't be asked to make another one again and go back to making awesome games. Right guys? Right?
People wait years for a Microsoft exclusive and it's a huge steaming pile.  It's no wonder Playstation is so far ahead in sales.  They probably said to each other "Lads, It's on Gamepass.  Don't spend any more time on it. Just ship it".  It looks worse than day one Cyberpunk.
Will Jedi Survivor be patched to a playable state though??😂
You can tell from deathloops recent titles that all the good lead developers have left and have instead been replaced by young blood of a certain “type”
One of your best reviews ever, I laughed so hard a couple times. Thank you!!
Forspoken looks amazing compared to this game 😂 worst game of the year by far
Don't worry guys. I am sure Starfield will be fine.
This looks like a fan-made game made on epic Fortnite Creator 2.0, it's aggressively mid.
Ngl I was pretty exited for this one just by the look of it plus I usually love arcane games but damn what a flop
I'm only 12 minutes into this review and I'm already okay with the fact that there's no plans on this game coming to PS5. Xbox can keep this one.
This is what happens when you can’t afford simple cutscenes in videogame tycoon
This sure does sound like a AAA console title. Edit: Bethesda title at launch as well.
Just to get some correction, Deathloop was their last game, not Prey. which was a great game ! But I believe I heard last cutscene, so very true, no more animated ones so far lol.
I really like the idea of the rook and how he shows up. That could've been pretty cool /:
IGN person feels vindicated
I don't know why anybody's Wasting  their breath on reviewing this right now Due to the fact that you still have 40000 people on xbox enjoying this game 😂 Yeah the Reviews is all about not having 60fps 😂 yet The game is still selling like hot cakes on a Cold Toilet seat
big oof
MS allowing this to ship in this state is absolutely crazy. There is no way anybody played this and thought it was a decent game. They should be embarrassed that they shipped this.
The part with the theater and there was literally one enemy, I bursted out laughing
You love to see a 1.7 TRILLION DOLLAR Company releasing games like this. Absolutely no love for the art form, only concerned about the profit margins. Everything Xbox touches turns to 💩.
This game has an aggregate score of around 6.5 by the way. In no universe is this game even CLOSE to a 6.
Wow, REDFALL makes Saints Row reboot look polished. /grins
Maybe if people didn't give that mediocre garbage deathloop was a pass just because "OMG IT HAS BLACK PEOPLE AS PROTAGS!!!!!!" they wouldn't have gotten so complaisant.
This review was half-assed - perfection 👌
I heard a lot of different things about this game, but seeing all of it lined up... man that was DIRE to watch.
Man, Xbox is really fucked. Phil Spencer has been running things into the ground. Bad business decisions, no games, no quality control, it's just embarrassment after embarrassment. I don't understand how it's possible to fail to make any standout quality exclusives with all the resources and studios at their disposal. It's just sad to see, but this is exactly why my PS5 is my go-to for console gaming. There just isn't really anything attractive about the Xbox ecosystem.
Why did they force Arkane? They were doing great!! Dishonored 1,2 and Deathloop! Then they're forced to make something that's not their style?? This is why I only use game pass for league of legends perk. I mean i did finish and enjoyed hitman on it but now I have little reason. Already own the Persona games on steam.
Notes in elden ring / dark souls telling thee story...tho....yeah, never a problem. That doesnt add up
We are quickly reaching a point where the amount of AAA developers that can be trusted can probably be counted on one hand.
This is a failure to such a degree that it's left me genuinely curious if Arkane were 'put' on this game rather than coming up with an open world shooter themselves. If so, I almost want to commend their malicious compliance, but at the same time I feel awful for all the parents who will end up buying this for their kid. Or just anyone getting burned, really.
The best way to play the game is qith the electroshock, teleportstion device. And uv light beam to petrified
The stealth kill was the funniest shot I’ve seen today 😂
Wow. Just wow. Absolute trash. Jyst platinumed dead island 2 and that seems like a master piece compared to this crap
Why do I feel like this is similar to when Bioware released ME Andromeda (a somewhat enjoyable yet mediocre game) which was then followed up by Anthem (a game that most have decried as the worst game they've ever released).
Let's all pay respect to the ign person and buy him a beer and forget about all this shitty game ..
First Fallout 76. Now Redfall. This man has truly earned his place on Todd's Blacklist :D
Gamepass still the best deal n gaming?
“If a developer can’t be bothered to finish their game, then why should I?”
Best reviewer to ever live. I’m not joking the actually greatest of all time reviewer
At this point I just feel bad for Xbox players. To the people who are defending this game.. you need help. This game should not be something that should be released for next gen consoles.
Triple A games are so sick. I love this trend
I have a feeling that this one of those videogames, where the development team had no idea what they were doing half of the time and they just forced the game out because they had to.
5:30 Poor controls are a problem in all Arkane games and idk why it gets ignored (thanks Skillup for mentioning).  Dishonored 2 plays absolute ass on console but it's not as apparent due to the slow/stealth nature of the game.
Thumbs up for that car destroying tutorial 😂
Common Arkane L
19:12 I think what's happening here is that there is a tutorial/mission complete window displaying, which requires you to hold B to close. For some reason, this menu is prioritized above *all other menus* in the game, EVEN THE PAUSE MENU, despite not being visually LAYERED that way. This happened to me several times and I bet it's what's happening to you.  It makes it arguably worse than if this were a glitch, since this mockery of UX is *by design.*  There were also times I would open up a note to read it and I would get that window, blurred to my right side, forcing me to close it before closing the note in the foreground of my screen. It's unintuitive and absurd in design to the point that I can't think of a single other video game that has *literally ever* made the same mistake.
How the hell did u play the whole game in 30fps, my condolences
I guess we don't have to worry about this game being "Always Online" and the servers shutting down one day because know one will know or care when that day comes.
This review freaking brutal. It's most likely well deserved.
thanks for the video. I like your stuff.
Appreciate that you looped this back to the greater trend and reputation of these studios.
Redfall is why we'll still be playing modded Skyrim in 2030
Vampire: "Stop me if you caahhn"  The chair: "Hold my beer"
Xbox seal of quality
That Bloobug probably flew away into a better game. We wish him luck.
The NPCs seem really fucking tiny.
I can’t play deathloop for the same control issues, the game feels awful on a controller
I applaud you for doing an entire review of this pile of garbage.
Executives at Bethesda and XBox played this game and thought it was fine to release it.
Holy crap this video was great. Thanks for saving me wasted time for even bothering with this game on Gamepass. So many other better games out there to play instead of this monstrosity.
I’d rather look straight at the sun than play Redfall - Nosferatu
Harshest review I have seen you do, I agree with you completely based solely off the footage I have seen.  I play on PC and am rooting for Xbox in the console wars, but this is a setback to say the least when added on top of the Activision deal falling through.
Don't compare this hot mess to Deathloop, for one, DL might not be everyone's cup of tea but it was a solid game, second it's not actually the same studio
What a miserable waste of development time, electricity, oxygen, keyboard switch lifespans, literally every tiny thing that could possibly be associated with the creation of a video game.
Boy.. watching this is painfull..
sounds like 600x the details xD
15:00 enemy AI just staring at you for a few seconds 😅
I knew this game wasn’t going to do very well  it god damn…
It is mind boggling to believe that the developers of Prey made this… Great review as always mate!
The only potential benefit from this, to try and not throw more gas onto the burning inferno with a negative comment, is that Arkane has been knocked down a peg. Finally. I actually really liked Deathloop on PS5, but it wasn’t quite deserving of all the 10 out of 10’s it got, and this was reflected as the months went on and dissent trickled in on the title. Arkane have always been the thinking man’s developer, and thus have had plenty of pretentious praise thrust upon them. Much deserved at times, some of it not. I did expect a lot more from them but maybe they got complacent and paid no attention to Desthloop criticisms from fans because 10 out of 10. The state of XBox is another conversation, but this isn’t even XBox’s fault. Maybe the QA part, but Arkane were going to release this as third party if they hadn’t been bought. They’ve now been knocked down a peg and are presented with two roads. Either they can rise up and really deliver something worthy of their catalogue next or they can blame players or fanboys for the hate and continue to learn nothing. Or go back to their roots and truly deliver on the next attempt. Put someone’s back against the wall and 9 times out of 10 they will deliver. Having the Microsoft golden parachute if a game flops is not comforting. But I have hope that Arkane will do the right thing.   As long as they stay away from live service multiplayer. This is Zenimax’s kryptonite. Machine Games had Wolfenstein Youngblood. Bethesda had Fallout 76. Arkane has Redfall. The jig is up guys just make great single player games like you’re good at. Or at least really think about how you want to proceed in designing future multiplayer endeavors. A lot of these criticisms could have held with Fallout 76 and it’s clear they’ve learned nothing from Bethesda’s failure. I haven’t given up on Arkane. These things happen. I’m just really disappointed. A new Arkane game was my most anticipated title this month. And Dead Island 2 blew it away by a large margin. You’re right that should not be a world we have to live in.
I can only hope the next AAA vampire movie shows off the 2 new vampire weaknesses...walking back and to the left slightly and of course the deadly.... chair. 😂😂🤣
After this and fallout 76 and how they never bothered to fix the issues back then with fallout 4 and Skyrim I don’t know how people have so much faith that starfield will be any different. Cause fallout 4 literally has a game breaking bug that literally makes it unplayable and they never bothered to fix it and it took them 2+ years to make fallout 76 somewhat decent and now this mess like I won’t be holding my breath for starfield
Deathloop has that terrible controller aim on console. Its unbearable and I never go ADS with anything other than a rifle. I wish I would have bought it on PC. Prey wasn't that much better as far as aiming goes. I think this is a problem in all Bethesda games on console.
I gotta think they broke this game on purpose so the big wigs at bethseda never ask them for a multiplayer looter shooter ever again.
From the studio that gave us Prey (one of my favorite games of all time), how the hell is it even possible to stoop down so low to this bs of a game. It is so dissapointing to see that Arkane, the creators of Dishonored, Prey and Deathloop, which are all very creative games with interesting ideas, to this. Redfall, a game that is the opposite of what Arkane is known for. It just begs the question, what the hell happened?
And the buttugly font and the generic placeholder UI weren't even mentioned. What a disaster of a game.
I am not surprise.. same goes for Starfield.. marks my word.
So embarrassing as a Xbox fan
Damn the game is even worse than I thought it was going to be
Sorry but Redfall is what happens when no one actually buys a good game (Prey). So instead they force themselves to make a game thats out of their wheelhouse (co-op looter shooter) that has a chance to get more sales based on market trends, and ends up sucking ass. And before people start laying blame on MS, this game was in dev before MS bought Bethesda. If i were MS right now i would spend some of that money that they have from NOT buying Activision and greenlight a sequel to Prey (that is a straight up single player, of course). It might not make a bunch of sales, but with MS looking worse and worse each day it would look good optically.
"The Telekinetic Threat in Student Debt" SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP
Every single thing you mentioned is spot on.
Oof.
Ahh.... lets all bask in the warmth this dumpster fire 🔥
i'd say this game needed more time in the oven, but that's often not the case. it's not just lack of time (although sometimes that can be a primary cause of development issues, e.g. fallout: new vegas), it's also the management of a game's development. you could cook a dish for the exact right amount of time that it needed to be perfectly cooked, but if the dish is rotting fish meat and manure, then it's not going to matter how long you cook it for.
Duh deathloop was already not good …
Hahahahha oooft. !!! “Absolute catastrophe of a video game” that is some savage description
Fine. im subbing again.
Even though this wasn't developed by them, Bethesda has a history of jank that goes back decades. Their games are always a mess, requiring the community to pick up their slack. Starfield will certainly uphold this shameful tradition. I mean, as a fan of sci-fi and open-worlds, I should be excited for Starfield but I'm just not. Why? Bethesda.
I click your video and give it a like even if I don't watch it because the title is anti clickbait. Thank you
100% accurate 👌
that destiny 1 callback hit harder than it needed to
did he say the only time you deal melee damage is when stealthing, after showing gameplay where he kills some enemies from the front with a shovel? 🤨
Every game Arkane has made has aiming that feels unnecessarily sensitive on a controller. Historically they have been a company that has felt like a gaslighting campaign  where people online rave about them but I have never had a good time with their offerings and I have never in my life actually met someone who likes their games. The only time a critic was honest about Arkane's games they were greeted with death threats till IGN changed the review.
damn
Hey hey hey, don't putt in a picture of a guy holding a playstation controller.. is an insult...
This is truly disappointing. 😑
I refuse to believe VGC gave this game a 4/5. I saw some reviewer complaining about 'why' folks are stop giving them clicks and put in danger their work/job, but my dude you can't look at this game and find everything is OK. Don't matter if you like or not, you need to review every aspect of the game and again I'm shocked about VGC giving 4/5 after seeing this video. Is a bloody $70 game. At thus point those devs are trolling us.
I'm so sad about the end result :( I love arkane! Dishonored 2 is top tier and top ten for me, Dishonored 1 was also stunning and Prey was brilliant. Death loop was ok but a worrying downward step but understandable considering how poorly Dishonored 2 and Prey sold. But this game... you can feel the pressure to make a straight laced simply game and somehow they were rushed through development. God knows how. There are some good things - i like some of the atmosphere, i like the world (despite being empty) and some of the gun play is ok. But this is such a big step back for arkane and harvey smith. I hope they bounce back from this - MS should make them the critical darling studio with highly rated but niche games and not a studio that makes farcry style games
How do you decide which games to review?   This game is so terrible that your 30 minute review doesn’t add anything to the collective conversation about the game.   I much prefer your reviews of games that do something well and interesting.
imagine actually paying 70 bucks for this trash.
Got to say, these are some of the brightest nights, makes me feel like I am playing dying light 2 made by someone with crayons.  Side note, it's almost hidden on steam right now, and $120aud with a 30% review score, so you know it's dun fucked up.
Did anyone actually think this would have been good ? It was made in 2 years 😅
Holy shit stfu about destiny.
Ouch
I don't know why people think Microsoft will improve the gaming landscape with their acquisitions. Redfall is just one of many bland games released as a first party title. Halo Infinite and Crackdown 3 should've been enough to recognize how bad things are over there.  And don't get me wrong I hate Sony and Nintendo with a passion for locking content to their platforms, but at least their first party line up is great. And in the case of Sony there's at least a chance for the games to come to PC albeit 5 years later.
prey sucks, studio arcane sucks. fight me.
The biggest shame about this game is that it was created by Arkane. When they themselves said that Redfall was more like Far Cry, we've hoped that they would add something of value to this take. When news that this game would have parts of a looter shooter, we've hoped that they would find a way to make it worth a while. When the IGN gameplay was revealed, we've hoped that they were bad at the game. We were all hoping for the game to be better, when in reality we've got all the warnings to be afraid and refused to see it.
Wow Skillup nails it, how to make Starfield your very best exclusive make the last one utter shite
The true immersive sim is the real life arpg you have to do to sneak into Phil Spencer's basement to free the real devs that have been tied up there so they can get back to the office and shut down the development server running ChatGPT to design/develop the game.
The Steam page specifically denotes this is from Arkane Austin? Arkane Studios is a French developer based in Lyon.  Did Bethesda just rebrand one of their reject studios to use the 'Arkane' naming and have them release a new solo title? In the same way that Fallout 76 was made by Bethesda Game Studios Austin?
Damn this sucks, i really wanted a good vampire game
Yeah, looking at this game I'm not sure if I want a Dishonored 3 anymore.
I hope this can be rescued with patches.
Great video, hope someone at Arkane sees this.
Can't wait for Dunkeys video
2 minutes running around without seeing enemy, didn't know Redfall was a Battleroyale.
Why does this game exist?
I’d sell my Xbox forsure if I wasn’t a Sony guy
Denuvo=No Buy!
Gotta love how SkillUp manages to fit Destiny into every game review
How is 7 days to die more complicated than Redfall?
I'm honestly waiting for the investigative report on this game to tell me what the hell happened.
This release is solidifying my regret I purchased my Series X. Already canceled gamepass, yeah it's the greatest deal in gaming but the only good ones are indies now imo
The graphics are so dated, looking like a 2014 mediocre PS4/Xbox One game...
Deadfall
Looks like crap
Ralph. I have never heard you this bitter. It feels like you were barely going through the motions reviewing this game.
Wtf happened to arkane... prey 2017 is in my opinion one of the best games of all time... and now this... this is embarrassing
It makes me so happy seeing this game fail
Why does it feel like a challenge for these developers?   It feels like ever since games went up to 70 dollars, it feels like these developers are doing way less and trying to pass off these games as finished.
It saddens me that this is the norm now for any new game to come out as bad and as un polished as this ,it kills the hype and mood to play it .
Man I was kinda upset that they cancelled the PS5 version of this game. Now I’m glad that I dodged a bullet!! Hopefully they can turn this game around like Cyberpunk..
I’ve been waiting for your review of this mess, it didn’t disappoint. 😂
ya know not gonna lie. did not expect the entire review to be that monotone. kind of sad to see what happened to arkane when making this.
007 Legends is better than this...
They should send your money back when you beat the game lmao
Vampire: Stop me if you can Player: I can't, but it can The chair:
You can always tell a game is bad when you sound sad when reviewing it.
Gamepass?... More like pass game.
I think Arkane is way overrated. They make 8/10 games, normally pretty fun but nothing masterclass so I'm not surprised they released a pos
I think this is officially a SHLOCK game. I will play it expecting a Fallout76 experience.
I think people don't realize that its a co-op game so having cutscenes and your character talking to another npc live is pretty much impossible
Didn't like deathloop either, so... I really hope people at studio which bears the name Arkane now wouldn't touch neither dishonored nor prey. Let those titles stay legendary as they are now. And I also hope Raph Colantonio would announce something new with WolfEye studio soon. I believe Arkane DNA is hidden somewhere in this little company
13:2 i don't like to think about deathloop either
What the hell is going on with Arkane?
Wait, wait , wait. What you mean by Starfield will be our this year? Didn't you know that it's a Bethesda game, so it will be playable, MAYBE, next year, after shit load of patches. For real though, i play games now close to a year after release and it did wonders for me. Recommend to everyone. There is such huge backlog of good games, so i always have stuff to play.
When the reviewer sounds more enthusiastic about the sponsor's gear than he is about the actual game, you know shit's gone south.  What a miserable day for Arkane's incredibly talented dev team. They may recover from the Redfall debacle, but their spotless reputation will be tarnished forever.
The aiming gives me the same sensation as Fallout 3 on an Xbox 360 controller
U r doing it to ur self folks , u keep buying these unbaked games,  u deserve the low effort and the lack lackness if these devs/companies
You put skills into your Raven, knowing full well what that skill did. If you didn't want your raven killing enemies, then don't select that skill. 😉 I'm also perfectly fine with the slide-show cut scenes. I think this was also done because it was a co-op game first and foremost.  Having said that, Redfall looks terrible. I think the choice to make it a Co-Op is the issue and that's in-part why the NPCs are so lifeless. It's meant to be an action paced game played with friends. Playing it solo means more exploration but it also means it's devoid of life. It should always have been a single-player offline experience.  I'm not worried about Starfield. I think it'll be fine. Maybe a bit buggy but the game itself will be fine. People will moan about the empty planets and bugs on the whole.
This was a 30 min roast, fucking hilarious.
I think we can all agree that if the devs get fired or pulled into another part of the company, it's their own fault
im really looking forward to hearing what happened. i hope someone gets on it, like jason schreier. there's some issues internally that lead to this and im wondering if its arkane or bethesda
I honestly don't mind the comics-like Cutscenes. It's an interesting style, that definetly works. It would however work better, if the game as a whole actually made up for the lack of the normal cutscenes...  But man, the "Memories" are such a bizzarre dissapointment. They literally already had a design to make other Cutscenes, but instead decided to take the Shortcut on these... Hell, at this point I feel like Reading Material would be a better option, than having to stand there during gameplay...
Lol I have told people I had fun in this game after only playing 2 hours. You just took the fun away. Lol I won’t be going back to it😂😂😂
Honestly, for a studio that made Dishnored, this stealth kill animation is embarassing, actually worse than embarassing, but I'm lost of words.
I definitely expected more from Arkane,  especially for a 70$ game. What a shame, this tarnished them for all time. There is no excuse for this.
Another xbox's failure of a game 😂 they should just quit at this point
When the premier trailer for this game dropped, I thought to myself, "Kill vampires that have taken over your town in a FPS way...  Nope, hard pass... What a boring story summary."    I never understood the hype for this game, even without the recent reviews and game-play.
You can double tap the weapon switch to skip over a weapon quickly.
Do not preorder anything, ever, period. This will only get worse.
I really enjoy your reviews!
oooofffff - if a developer can't be bothered to finish his game, then why should I finish playing it
13:04 oh my god the SFX makes it a million times worse
If u do decide to play, controller sensitivity 6 input response low aim assist off. This dramatically changes aiming for the better. Also settings are bugged if u set custom n put everything on epic it does not put everything on epic u have to use epic preset for it to work n diss only lowers gpu usage it doesn’t translate to frames for some reason.
Look, we shouldn’t be too hard on this game.  It would be one thing if it were by some AAA studio charging $70 USD, but this was clearly the first game made by three teenagers at a high school game jam.
Did anyone count how many water sounds played during transitions in that first "cutscene" the group I played with couldn't stop making fun of it and once you notice it it just doesn't stop
Arkane, lads please! What happened here?! You were the one Bethesda-owned studio I 100% trusted! Thank God that I have stopped pre-ordering/buying because I _trust_ a dev team, because Redfall COULD HAVE fooled me because I trusted Arkane that much! Yeah, past tense. I can't trust them anymore.
I really feel in my gut like Arkane is not the primary reason this game is a total disaster. Arkane has made many great, complex games. But know who's renowned for pumping out rushed, buggy, under developed garbage? Bethesda. When it come's down to it, it was out of Arkane's hands to decide what state this got released in, and I find it hard to imagine they couldn't see what a train wreck this game was and that they didn't ask for more time/money to make something to their standard. This has 'rushed bethesda shovelware' written all over it... at least that's what I'll tell myself to keep my understanding of the world from crumbling, lol
Ok so the pettiness of this critique just made me want to play the game. Thanks.
This feels like the time Bioware made Anthem and we were all like "wtf are you doing??"
Shill up: "im gonna put as much effort and enthusiasm into this review as the developers did into Red fall"
I had to put input to low
I have no faith in Xbox leadership.
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
They did it late, and they did it wrong. Now we see why Bethesda didn't want reviews up until after the game released.
With disasters like this, anthem, fallout 76, and partially halo infinite. Whenever I have a choice of thinking the disaster is due to incompetence or a broken engine that causes development to become extremely unproductive, I lean towards the broken engine. And by the time they reach the point of no return in the development cycle, I assume the publisher forces them to wrap up and ship the product.     Awesome review as always.          Reviews for high profile video game dumpster fires is one of my guilt pleasures.
When you don't here a cheerful "Gamers" you know you're in for some chop😅.
I'm sorry you had to review this game Ralph!
I never wanted a Noclip documentary more, except for all the wrong reasons.
This is a huge L for Microsoft and exactly the reason I haven't bought an Xbox sense the 360
I've been playing w/ controller, and ya its clunky. My brother plays M&K and he said its a bit better as far as aiming goes, but thats usual isn't it? Thanks ShillUp! Im always waiting for ur review!
I've been following you for quite some time now but I never saw you that sassy. That game must be one hell of a dumpster fire.
I was really unsure about this game when I saw the initial reveal. Turned out about how I expected.
Playing  on Gamepass and I'm good with it.  If I paid money for it I would be pissed
The "advanced stealth kill animation" cracked me up 🤣🤣🤣
I'm not sure why you would have thought that Microsoft's involvement would have had any positive impact of any sort.  Like, when has that EVER been the case?
yeah during the intro I said to myself "this feels like a storyboard" I feel like they went full live service battle pass game and shifted gears shortly before release to a more single player game
Xbox is not doing well rn
All Arkane shooters control badly due to input lag and dead zone.
My least fav part about the gaming community is how they blow a lot of things out of proportion. That IGN employee was just playing a busted game 😅 You couldn’t pay enough money to work in games media
Forced to find a damned key to continue? Really? Arkane's Dishonored series already had many different methods to passing through the "locked doors". That includes just chucking a grenade at it and blowing it open, possessing a rat and crawling through the vents, or using Blink and parkour to get through a window. I don't care if Arkane borrows gameplay elements from their older games. At least I had the choice on how I wanted to progress the game. Such freedoms drove me to replay the Dishonored games multiple times.  I already skipped Deathloop. It's a shame that I will be skipping yet another game released from Arkane.
Colantonio left and Arkane became shit
Good to know. Just like Jedi Survivor who's garbage in every way.
O.M.G...
Maybe this is a big brain strategy to make a coop, live service experience so bad that the corporate overlords do not dare compel Arkane to make another. :P
Thanks to Arkane, this review so funny haha. I watch till the end btw
Skill Up for some reason thinks Arkane's last game was Prey, not Deathloop, but I think we're doing a favor to Arkane if we forget about Deathloop
Paying 110 bucks… Qualifies for a free lobotomy…
I’m over Phil Spencer.  He always talks about how he knows what they are doing wrong in the past but damn this is just crack down all over again.
This whole video was comedic gold. Thanks for the laughs Skill up. 😂 seriously tho, keep up the fantastic work 👏
Game aside, anyone have these wireless steelseries? 😅 I’m so skeptical when it comes to anything wireless.
Student Film: The Game
70 euros on Steam
It's like Microsoft looked at this game during prototype and concept stage and said "Hey this would make a great game!" but Arkane dev's just did it for another paycheck.
To think we could have been playing Prey 2 right now...
“If the developer couldn’t be bothered to finish their game, I can’t either.” Ralph…. YES RALPH. HOLY SHIT. SCREAM IT FROM THE MOUNTAINTOPS
Thanks for the service… watching the takedowns of this game has been tremendous fun, and this one was a doozy. I also agree this goes beyond a bad release, to become a platform threatening fiasco. Something is very wrong indeed.
Spend 70$ on redfall ❎ Spend 70$ on upcoming Mother's Day ✅
My fastest refund of all time.
I'm not mad or disappointed, just sad. Sad because Arkane one of trusted dev to get the job done, from Dishonored to Prey to fall this hard. I have a feeling that something happened in the background since death loop, now I'm certain of it.
stuff like this makes me happy to be a switch player lol.
When I first launched the game it crashed on me. Then an Unreal crash report tool crashed on me when I tried to report it.
Absolutely the worst AAA release i've ever seen. What were they thinking releasing this game?  This makes even fallout 76 look good, that says it all.
It seems to be a pattern with developers nowadays: release a couple of crappy games to make people lose faith in you then retreat to one of your more beloved IPs and generate more excitement than it ever would have otherwise. Which will of course lead to potentially higher amount of units sold. I'd bet my left man boob that Arkane's next game will be Dishonored 3.
Really like the ending statement about how it clearly is on Microsoft/Xbox - you do not spend millions of Dollars, buying a studio, then just watching over them as they produce something like this. You have to step in there as leadership. People already defending Microsoft throwing Arkane under the bus - both fucked up in their specific roles. I really just hope they get their shit together cause in the end all everyone wants is good games. So sad to see.
yes, yes, but Arkhane team is soooo diverse that if you don't like it you are : homophobic, racist, transphobic, islamophobic, and all the others forms of istophobism you can think of. borderline angry austrian painter, so eat their woke garbage and ask for second serving you german 1940 national socialist ! ;)  it's getting freakin' hysterical how blatant of an attack so called "wokeness" is against the west, i mean you couldn't possibly set an enemy to destroy itself any better than this.
When is the gaming community going to wake up and start placing some responsibility on those who are truly at fault. Game after game, more broken and watered down and uninspired than the last. We can blame execs and big wigs and upper management, but the truth is it's the developers who need to hold the lionshare of responsibility for these terrible games!!
The question is: How strongly do you recommend RedFall?
13:05 LMAOOO
There are people who are saying that this game is good and fun to play… i really don’t know how you can say that this game is good. I was in hype and dropped the game after 1 hour because my eyes were bleeding
The first cutscene where you rebuild the firestation didn't even have a voice over..
“Dude what are you doing just fucking hit it” had me laughing for quite sometime. Bravo.
You know a game is bad when we are told to apologize to the IGN person playing the game
Brutal but true
3:39 why is mans so small?
There’s nothing to worry about Bethesda and Microsoft fans will buy these games regardless
this not AAA game, this is a game with AAA budget lmao
I love how Ralph couldn’t even be bothered to give this game a properly written, stylized review with all the usual Skill Up flair and metaphors, because it didn’t deserve that.  So he just showed us the game in action and let it speak for itself.  Congrats to Forspoken, it is no longer the biggest laughingstock of the year.
I feel like this game was a Sunken cost thing for Microsoft, it feels like when they got it too much money and time had already been spent on it so they set a date and told Arkan to get it in the best state they could by then and push it out the door so they could move Arkane onto better projects. Bellular explains it much better than i can in the comments so check out his video about it.
Holy shit, the cameras in No One Lives forever (a 2000 fps game) are more threatening than "the watchers".
This makes me more impressed with destiny . But at the same time bungie knows this and keeps them complacent I feel lol . Skull up will know what I’m talking about
If it wasn't for gamepass, there would be no reason at all to want to be in the xbox ecosystem. Now I'm honestly expecting starfield to be an absolute dumpster fire.
This reminds me of Fallout 76 in that it's a very obvious asset flip with poor production quality that they must have known would not be well received and they released anyway... The kind of fundamental issues and legacy issues from games the same developer made highlight that this was done quickly and to a budget. The fact they released it in such a poor technical state highlights that the publisher knew the game was fundamentally bad and that no amount of technical fixes were going to improve its sales figures, they were just going to eat into any profits this game hoped to make.  All of this tells me that studios are still in the mindset that it's okay to release trash, because it's better to make some money on it now than postpone it, keep it in development, and maybe release something up to their highest standards in a couple of years to a lot of "this game looks/feels old" reviews.   Them releasing it rather than cancelling it is their version of "cutting their losses".
This is the most brutal review I've ever seen and for some reason I love it!  Thanks for bringing the passion and for backing up your points with clear (and hilarious!) examples.
I could hear you losing your soul as every minute went by 😂 go play some destiny and banish the nightmare of This Absolute Joke of a release (not a game) I refuse to call it that 🤛
Does it even have endgame?
1:33 You forgot Deathloop haha
It's time for another colored controller release for xbox...
Here’s to 5 more years of incomplete game releases!🍻
I'm getting Aliens Colonial Marines vibes from this "AAA" game.
Played this shit show for an hour or so. Then gave up on it and play wu long instead and loved that game
What a shame. Such a great studio. Note: Hold button (open doors, deconstruct, etc.) to do an action is also a shit mechanic that needs to vanish forever...
This is a video game made by someone who hasn’t played a shooter since Duke Nukem 3D.
Oof... all i can say to this. Thanks for subjecting yourself to this game to warn us
Shillup u know April first was a month ago right?
What an absolute embarrassment. This just makes me appreciate game devs like Naughty Dog, Insomniac, Sucker Punch, Santa Monica, who all put out absolute bangers every time.
Add it to the list along with Babylon's Fall and so many other "lIvE sErvIcE" games that were basically released dead on arrival. You would think the likes of Microsoft and Zenimax would have learned not to force out unfinished broken games. I don't know if its greedy shareholders and corporate executives who ain't exactly known for their patience, even if that means releasing a game that anyone with any sense would see will financially fail.  But very few games of this kind succeed and there just isn't much of an appetite for them anymore. How many times do publishers need to learn the hard way before they get the message? Much like with society in general, short sighted relentless corporate greed is causing so much damage to the games industry. When it comes to battling the undead, I guess i'll stick with Vampire Survivors and Resident Evil for now.
You reviewers just don’t understand the game.  Vampires and their followers are supposed to be dumb that how the world is. 🤪
Everything to do with this game was a mistake. Direction, concept, studio was just poor from the first trailer
13:42, I'm gonna say that's either a bug or a console problem. The theater had a unique vampire miniboss in it when I went there. Plus a few extra cultists.  Edit: It might also be difficulty. I played on the second hardest and she might not be there on normal.
It just got a 60fps boost so maybe I'll replay Far Cry 5!
seems like a game desgined to be chucked on gamepass
Redfall 76 :D
How did Arkane get here you ask? easy! Microsoft
It genuinely feels that with each AAA release, no matter the developer, we get progressively more and more shit games and honestly it's disheartening, yes I know there are stellar remakes like Dead Space or RE4, but I don't think there was a single new IP recently that didn't release in absolutely atrocious state.
somewhere SONY Execs are laughing.
All of the news about this game is so depressing... Prey was one of my favorite games of 2017, which was such an insanely stacked year for good games. To see the team's follow-up be so disapointing is just so sad to me. :( Hearing about this game and hoping it would be a game as intricately detailed as Prey but with co-op? It could have been amazing, but instead all i hear is negative news. Bummer D:
This is a really great and in depth review. It lists the real problems facing game development today, even in more games than just Redfall.   When I tried it on my XSX, the frame rate was absolutely terrible. I just turned it off after that. I got on my PC and started playing it and found the frame rate better. I began to play through it and then I got to a cut scene at the beginning. In that cut scene, all I saw were still images but the dialogue that was suppose to accompany those still images to tell the story were non existent. Meaning, the audio never came through and neither did the closed captions and all I heard was the music in the background. I thought to myself, if Arkane can't even make this part of the game work then it's probably not worth my time. I ended up just turning it off and started playing Destiny PvP with a friend.  The disturbing thing is, I see many people actually being ok with this kind of development. They would rather play and promote something so broken than hold the developer and the publisher at fault for these kinds of actions. These kinds of people have no higher standards. They accept the trash they are given.
chair technique FTW
I was so excited for this game. As a huge fan of Arkane and lifelong lover of vampires, this concept is right up my alley. I struggle to even process that this is what we ended up with. Just so perplexing to me. What a massive disappointment…
i own all consoles not turned my xbox on in 6 months
I love your videos but it feels a little weird hearing you say that they could’ve replaced the NPC‘s with machines after bashing fallout 76 for not having NPC‘s just machines
WTF Arcane...
All i had to see was the cover art weeks ago to know the game was gonna be shit.
holy i have seen smaller studios make better games...
Shame, we need more supernatural shooter games honestly.
Lmao, that stealth animation gag was one of the funniest things I've seen for a while.
That is not the way to rival sonys polished exclusives Microsoft
This is gonna be in top 3 worst games of 2023
I am extremely cautious of Starfield. At this point, it could be the final nail in the coffin for Bethesda/ Microsoft as a presence in the gaming ecosystem.
Unimmersive Sim
It's a shame since this game had potential. It's decent fun when you don't expect anything (and get it from gamepass, I'd be livid if I paid 70$ for this game)
Can’t wait for the crowbcat video. What an absolute dumpster fire.
Prey 2017 might be the most underrated game ever made
Is the input lag worse than Ghostwire Tokyo (which I just played on GamePass)? I was able to improve Ghostwire input lag by fiddling with the settings, but couldn't believe how horrendous it was by default...
Don’t roast me but I’m Genuinely having a lot of fun playing redfall.
the pop-ups are worse is this really the state of AAA games? always bugged and incomplete?
I'm sorry but.. Do u mean to say Ubisoft developed this whole game?  Lmao
I would now like to thank you for the entertaining and informative review and guide for this prime example of AAA quality...
I seriously dont understand why MS wont let arkane just make the games they are good at. Immersive sims are a rare breed that need good developers and they keep squandering the talent of arkane by forcing them to make games like this.
One of the best reviews you have done. Your breakdown (with examples to show what you are talking about) is fantastic. I have only played this game for 2-3 hours but in that small time I have experienced everything you showed plus countless other weird bugs and visual glitches. I guess like movies if they refuse to have any kind of reviews or anything like that before the game releases...that is a pretty big red flag.
Waiting for my boy Crowbat to upload a video.
You know they don't give a singular bit of damn anymore when they make the conscious decision to make the car in their game explode from a gunshot at the car window
Okay, okay, I know, but I can't help but love that stealth kill "animation". I bursted out laughing when I saw that
I don’t support console war BS. But those Xbox fans who are praising this game makes me scared for the future of gaming. Their standards are so abysmally low and they are starving so badly that they think shit is delicious.
the hardest original mode was easy, at no time did a fight last longer than a minute. Right when i though something cool was going to happen it was immediately a disappointed. this in no way should have been a full price game. thankful for gamepass.
How to explode a car in Redfall.  One bullet in the driver window.   Eh.... O.K.A.Y....
I think companies are willing to take the long term hit to get a short term graph to show investors then kill the studio while looking for the next big scam to sell.
11:31 grarrgh give me a kiss!!
Vampire hunting is a great idea,,shame it’s so poorly executed here
We all know starfiled is going to be bad.
Games like this make me worried about Xbox Studios expected quality level. Buying amazing dev teams do not matter if Xbox is gonna allow garbage to churn out like this.
Now I am waiting eagerly for Angry Review
I'd like to report a brutal murder
I gotta say I love the lazy editing here. Just simple clicks sounds for transitions and bland presentation. It fits so perfectly for this game
They just don't try anymore to make good games. I'm about 2 crappie games away from quitting gaming altogether. I've been gaming since Atari so I had a good run.
You sound like the game sapped you of energy, like low-protein gruel to grind down your resistance. You’re doing the lord’s work here, but sometimes I feel like the lord is being unkind.   I expected this game to be mediocre from what they showed off, but I didn’t quite expect this. The devs really had to be chained to the radiator to code this shit.
How the hell did we go from Dishonored to this? Did key figures at Arkane quit? There’s no way the same crew worked on both.
I am amazed by how BAD releases are in 2023. We should be getting better releases every year and instead we get this kind of garbage for $70. Truly a horrible year for gaming industry
Tfw Ralph’s intentionally tired, “deadpan” delivery is still the best and most entertaining review for this game by a longshot
Well at least HI-FI RUSH is a great Bethesda and XBOX exclusive game that released this year.
Yeah this was a heartbreaker. Still gonna play it to support the devs work though.
It's made by Bethesda. Expecting anything good at release from that company is just wrong.
The state of Xbox and exclusives is really sad to me. Especially when it comes to Halo infinite. They were so close to nailing something great, awesome styling, actually fun multiplayer. But in terms of story breadth and progression, and the horrible micro transactions, that game died for me. Hoping Redfall kicks them in the balls to get things together
XBOT: but muh gAmEpaSs
Seems to me that Arkane weren't  happy about being taken over by Microsoft and this is their revenge.
Brutal review 😮😂
man I couldn't help but feel bad for the Rook. His AI coding didn't stand a chance
Man that was depressing.
There are no bad games, only bad prices.   10 dolos for this promising indie game made by ambitious indie devs
fantastic video. informative and entertaining.
At least your review of this game was enjoyable. It seems like that's the only enjoyment it may provide. Actually laughed out loud at the "stealth kill animation".
What a brutal takedown! I cant believe the people who gave Prey made this.
at 7:50  I kinda like that. It's spooky. And It makes sense in the world that the streets would be empty and lifeless in a town over run with Vampires but it's not intentional so it just feels boring, u know? o like this type of thing is great for setting up a jump scare. ... (Now, I'm thinking) all they need in the empty bits is like a wolf howling or the sound of something running in the distance. Right. plus this is a really easy thing to add to the game and it could really enhance the experience.
This is like a mid 2000’s Xbox arcade game release in 2023. Wowzers.
Ah bad movies, series, videogames. It truly feels like 2023 has so much to offer.  ... like Good old Games, Green Man Gaming and a lot of Indie games on Steam!
It does not feel like an Arkane game. This could have been a 30 Days of Night with looter shooter components ,scary AF and awesome. How could they screw it up so badly?
LOL dont get me wrong, I love xbox and miscrosoft, hell I was super excited about the Bethesda & Activision acquisitions. Hoping that Xbox would be able to put out some very solid exclusives over the next few years, this being one of the first since the bethesda acquisition but I can confirm that no amount of money can be thrown at any company to make a good game. Talent makes good games, not money. And its very clear to me now that Xbox Studios has very little talent when compared to their competition. Very unfortunate. I was looking forward to this one, I loved Arcane. I hate to see all these once renouned studios fail so miserably.
This GAME REALLY TRASSH??? VERY VERY TRASSH?? WHYYYY??
Did you just explode a car by shooting the glass windows 😅😞
I'm just glad they didn't use a well known franchise cause at least they won't be able to applaud great sales numbers purely on the back of an IP like Starwars, Marvel, Harry Potter etc (not that all those games are bad either)
This is what happens when your creative lead leaves. No creativity left just commerical bs. Skip this and go play Weird West guys, that might as well be the real new Arkane Immersive Sim.
At this point, dev team QA departments should always ask, "Will ShillUp like or hate this game?"  I almost exclusively buy/withhold on new games based on your videos.   Cheers.
Patches and updates. Its our experience with games these days.
When will there actually be a AAA game that is actually polished  or not just total garbage
“If a developer can’t bother to finish their game then why should I” -skill up
I dont think I've ever heard Ralph this disenfranchised with a game.  Jesus.
Something that's stuck in my mind after watching this though: You point out multiple times that this is a $70 game, and how are they shipping it at that price. But I don't think Microsoft thinks about it like that. This is a gamepass game, and that might put it in more perspective, especially considering that Sony called out day one releases on subscription services and why they dont do them as leading to lower quality titles.  Most people will play this on gamepass, and you get what you pay for I guess.
They should have rename this to Redflag and the review will be somewhat acceptable hence the name
Why do I get the feeling that at one point this was supposed to be a live service looter shooter and when they realized that genre is untenable, they said fuck it and shipped whatever they could put out. Honestly, I knew this game was going to suck but this light years worse than I could have imagined.
1:16 Ah yes, my favorite movie genre: Picture with voice over
A minor thing, but: did anyone else notice that when you try to use the binoculars (the big ones that tourists tend to use) that are in various locations around the map, they don’t move or zoom but your character still spins in place while using them? They couldn’t even get something that minor correct. I can open up a demo level in Unity or UE5 and have that designed and rigged in less than 10 minutes. It’s a small thing but really is indicative of the game as a whole.
Love it when you. Rip games apart and equally like it when you give them praise like re4. 😂
I keep hearing about this Redfall now all over my YouTube feed. Yet, I’ve never even heard of this game before until now. I also have no idea who even the hell Arkane is
This just made me appreciate Prey a lot more. Perhaps It’s time for a second play-through. Hope Arkane get its act together for their next game coz this was a major letdown.
22:20 I mean, at least you can pick up (used?) condoms, so there's that
How GOOD Deathloop was 😢 How sht this is
i have never laughed so hard on a review in a long time. @skill up this reminds me of the old Xplay Style review with Adamn and Morgan. Kudos to this , it was nostalgic and I really enjoyed it!
I would reccomend a nice red wine to pair with this roast 😅
18:15 that's me when i play FPS game for the first time
Rare and now Arkane.
Shame, a Dishonoured type game with vampires sounded sweet but I had my doubts when I heard it was a shooter 😢
I love the game industry these days   Imagine any other industry releasing products that don't work. Yet expecting you to pay full price. And then expecting you to just be ok with that. Then wait for them to actually fix it. Which took take years. Or never at all. And still expecting people be ok with it   2023 👍
Atleast Deadloop had some soul to it and production value and worked as a videogame. I wasnt excpeting much. I was hoping for something atleast not worse than Deathloop. But oh boy was I wrong and yeah hoping is not good when anticipating games
No aim assist? Dude I plays pc and everytime I aimed it just jumped to there head. I learned it when I was messing about and stopped fighting it
Hmm. Shill up hates this. Usually means it’s good, but maybe not this time.
We can’t blame companies anymore for deadzones. They’re trying to create a solution for console developers using shitty sticks on their controllers
Seems like we have another D&D Dark Alliance boys
I knew this was coming but somehow I'm still disappointed
Its just not the same studio that made dishonor. This new team is focused on anything other  than making a good game. Thanks anita
Damn bruh , you didn’t finish the game because they didn’t 😂. Fucking burn ..😂 Class👌
"if a developer can't be bothered to finish their game then why should i" damn thats a good one
The people who make the big decisions for AAA games have never played video games before.
Anyone who actually thought this was gonna be good deserves to be disappointed. The red flags were there from the start. Arkane making anything but an immersive sim is like if Drake said he was gonna make a death metal album.
I had very low expectations for this game but I would've never thought it would be this bad tbh! Seeing Arkane Studios releasing a game that will most definitely be one of the contenders for worst game 2023 is pretty sad.
You want a real vampire game?!?!? Vampire Survivors is the game to play!
I called it, those trailers looked like ass.
Great review. Reminded me of the times when Roger Ebert hated a movie and ended up writing a more entertaining piece than the movie itself.
26:00 the only thing I disagree with here… I played about 5 hours and think that there is potential here. If they improve enemy AI, and how they spawn, right there that’ll take this 6/10 game to 7.5/10. I do think that they did care about this project, I just think that since their mentality was long term support that the saw how everyone in the industry releases these games way too early and they did the same. I’m sure they play tested the game, but I question the demographics and how much they did. And if they listened to the criticisms of their testers AND their team members. i am sure that those who try the game expecting a dumpster fire will only find a decent half baked game. Now, if it werent for gamepass and I paid $70 for this, I’d take everything back and call it a dumpster fire.    I am biasad towards comeback stories though. and this game is definetly not Anthem. Heck Fallout 76 aparently has a thriving community that no one talks about except for a short documentary I saw a while back, this game could be next? I don’t know, but I’m curious to what will happen
Damn, interesting to see if Arkane come out at some point to tell us that they copped the same treatment from Microsoft/Bethesda as Bungie did from Activision. Prey is one of my favourite games from last gen and the Dishonoured games on PS3. Picked up Deathloop with my PS5 and even that was entertaining at least. Just doesn't make sense for them to put out something so bad!
oh so when super mario 64 uses shit controls to increase the difficulty of the game its a "classic" redfall does it and suddenly its "an uncontrollable snorefest". tsk tsk double standards.
Those stealth kills 😂
So disappointing, could’ve been a great game
Whats even more baffling about this game is that you have to have a minimum of 100GB to download it. What a joke of a game Bethesda, the developers should be ashamed of themselves.
Aww shit here we go again
Arcane is going the way of Bio ware. Each game gets worse and worse.
shitbox is a single nail away from securing their spot in a console coffin
A moment of silence for anyone who did not get this on steam and this no refund possible. 🫡
Worst move is they added achievements with 17 points. Since I did not recognize until it was too late now I’m doomed to play it until my GS is evened out. That’s so cruel.
This was brutal but deserved. Immersive sims died for games like this.
I think Skill Up mixed up "review" with "roast" for this one but I'm here for it lol
It is often said that comedy is tragedy plus time. With that in mind, this is one of the funniest things I’ve ever seen. Presentation and editing definitely helped push it further
Look if you honestly expect to get ANYTHING more then a barely functional mess of a game from bethesda, then you really need to stop sniffing that clue mate.  Fallout 4 at launch was a broken mess, fallout 76 was a broken mess, skyrim at launch was a buggy af mess. It's at this point better to set your expectation  of starfield as low as possible. Don't forget that game is still using that ancient engine that fallout 4 was using
I mean I get the hate but I’m having fun, it’s not perfect by a long shot and if I’d paid full price then I’d be upset
Strange complaint about the aiming when penguinz0 said the exact opposite and even on the hardest mode the autoaim would snap to headshots without even trying and it made it too easy...guess people are just trying to complain about things as much as possible these days smh
Dishonored, Dishonored 2, Prey.....into Deathloop....into THIS.  Oh, how the mighty have fallen.
redfall wouldve been better if it was elder scrolls 6 instead of a vampire game
But do you recommend it?
this is a test to see how cheap they can make a game
Maybe this game was a cry for help from the developers? This shitshow would make an excellent What Happened episode.
It's pretty sad when an Arkane game included with game pass is so lackluster it's not even worth downloading.
i thought the video was having issue with the fps drop .. forgot im watching a redfall review
Redfall being trash is sad. But it does mean we get a rare outing of Mad-and-tired-SkillUp
I’ve been waiting patiently for this review…
Who could've seen this coming
I’m so happy with my time in dead island 2  🏝
Holy shit I’ve forgotten the fact this is made by the same guys who made Prey and the Dishonored games now I wish I never remembered and went on in life thinking MS disbanded the company after getting Arkane Studios
This entire game could've been a Borderlands DLC and it would've still been better than what we got
I have at least 500 hours poured into the dishonored series combined, and I refuse to believe the same people that made those games made this. There’s just no way. Sure, it’s the same studio, but evidently they have lost every single talented person that ever worked there. Yikes
BRUTAL. lol. this game is so bad!
A friendly reminder: THIS IS A 70$ PRODUCT. ALWAYS HOLD THEM TO THE STANDARD OF THEIR PRICE TAG.
I like the supee sprint speed in this game, it takes me no time at all to get across the map and the lack of enemies helps too lol
THIS is why Microsoft desperately needed Activision under their belt. None of their exclusives are any good.
aaaah eeeeh the the, it was a hardware issue.iT wOrKs fInE fOr mE, xbox rules.
"It sits alongside the likes of Fallout 76 and Anthem as one of gamings biggest disappointments and cautionary tales" - No. You're not doing justice in that comparison to just how bad this game is. You're right in saying they should ditch the project completely because it has absolutely no redeeming qualities that deserve to be upkept or maintained. Those other 2 titles however have people who LOVE those games, and both have aspects of the game that were done extremely well, even though the package as a whole fell short. This game is in a category of its own. No-one is going to love this game or call for a sequel, and it's not that the package as a whole falls short - it's every single individual component of that package. Was Anthem a disappointment in some ways? Sure - but comparing it to this trash in any form is an absolute travesty.
I subbed to gamepass to play this. I unsubbed opting for the refund option. What an embarrassment of a game.
The game is just as shitty as the last game they made. I was completely disappointed. And this is nothing like a far cry game. Whoever said that deserves to be knee capped
Oh boy, I just did another playthrough of prey, and it's shocking this game is  from the same folks.
Xbox fr saw the CMA block the ABK acquisition and said “well at least it couldn’t get any worse”
wood stakes and silver its so yesterday, nowdays CHAIRS are the best weapon to counter "dumbires" i mean vamp..ires....... I'm not surprised by the way how this review turned to be since everything here said and shown has been pointed out by who had pre-release access, knowing the way this industry is going, only extreme delusional people will think that "was just a oopsie", NO IT HAS BECAME A PERMANENT PATTERN.......... Thank god for DS1 Remake and RE4 Remake ^_^
I figured it out, Arkane used Bethesda's graphics engine in the indoor areas, looks a lot like Fallout 76.
Hearing all you reviewers mention Starfield in these videos about Redfall, made me go "Hey yeah I forgot about that, ah well do not care anymore".
Forza Motorsport is also coming out this year.
The fact that people literally went all out on that IGN employee and not the game itself blows my mind still. He makes a great point that Deathloop has the same problem as RedFall because the controls feel so weird and uncomfortable. I like Deathloop but my god the movement on a controller was a task. I can totally relate to the IGN employee for playing the way they did.
Do you think the cut scenes were an artistic preference? I've seen anime use this style of story telling. Jw
I NEED to hear the insider story about how this happened. Dear lord
Arkane has been falling off for a few years now
Keep in mind, Dishonored has some of the smoothest first person gameplay and this game plays like fallout 76, what a shame what they've done with this studio
The Backlots is what our world turns into after The Backrooms spreads.
Consumers are not bata testers and this game is pre-alpha at launch...
Man, I was one of the FEW people who said we shouldn't have judged that IGN video that harshly. I got yelled at pretty heavily.
I have been an Arkane fan ever since my 1st minute with the 1st Dishonored. It's so tragic to see the games they are bringing out of late!
This game looks nothing like the first trailer/presentation they did. Such a shame too this game could be sooo much more.
$70.
Dishonored series was so good, IMO, I was really pumped for this. What a shame.
Damn I was think it's like a 5/10 before this review but now I'm thinking it's a 2/10. They reviews giving this thing 8s and 9s are on some serious drugs!
I can't stop thinking about borderlands 1 characters and skill sets when I see gameplay. A raven, sniper rifle, jumping/teleporting abilities, "supers".
This studio is done. Booty and Spencer need to be fired. They let this come out. Shows their incompetence and how little a shit they give about xbox, the games, and their customers.
They made the entire game with chatgpt
Sidemissions are on the "side"!😠Hate this!  Last for me was hogwarts legacy. There you can also not play just the main story, because to finish the last quest you need to be level 34.  I bought hogwarts mainly for my Daughter. I for my self just want to experience the main quest. But you get to level 28. Then just open word collector stuff to get to level 34. This was the worst.  And no rewiew mentioned this
Has Xbox released a single first party game in the last 10 years that actually lived up to the hype?  Something is wrong at Xbox.  Idk what but they haven’t had a single big hit exclusive since current gen consoles dropped.  I have a feeling starfield is going to be disappointing too
We will all remember redfall as that game we all laughed at before tears of the kingdom
I miss being passionate about gaming. Feels like I could count on one hand the number of games I’ve liked since ~2015? And 3 of them were remakes of old games. I’m being a little hyperbolic but seriously it just feels like I don’t enjoy gaming anymore because everything that comes out now is broken or just soulless.
10 mins in and i have yet to hear 1 positive thing about the game, theres praises towards other games but not one yet for Redfall
I absolutely love every single review you produce, this is a banger full of quality editing (thanks Austin) and rich information.
Ahh 13:05 the T posing man left me dying😂
I tried the game out.  My advice is to just play Destiny 2 instead.  It's similar...kind of...but waaaayyyy better.  And free.
It really is a shame that the game is so terrible, but this video is hilarious! 😂
I would now like to talk about pee pee poo poo
imo, I just thought the game looked like fuckin garbage based on the box art, so I never bothered. It just looks retarded, the game looks retarded, I don't understand the 'Neon Rave' aesthetic in a vampire hunting game, nothing about it looks like it would ever amount to a decent game
Its all part of Todd's 4d chess play! Make everyone doubt you and all things Bethesds so that when Starfield releases half decent he gets praised as the god that he is
$90 games that release broken deserve so much criticism and doesn’t deserve to be bought by anyone.
I believe your line "Dude? Whu, wha...what are you doing? Just f'n hit it." pretty much summarizes the last decade in gaming. And this is coming from a guy whose first console had a wood-grain finish. You made my day. Thanks Shill-Up! =)  Apologies, timestamp: 5:01
I was honestly expecting this game to be pretty mid since it was announced. Kinda like Sea of Thieves on launch. Ok for a few hour of fun with friends. I did not expect Arcane to fail to even do that. Xbox needs a serious shake up. £70 for this? What the hell is going on...
I've been playing a lot of Everspace 2 this weekend. And in a game like that I don't mind the painterly storyboard like cutscenes. But in a AAA title they should be nowhere near.
This is a very sad day in video game history. For the Hobbie we all hold so dearly in our hearts, a sad day indeed.
Well, that was brutal. Deserved, though.
It makes me wonder if the devs are also at fault for these trash games. Everyone blames the publishers but the devs are ya know the ones developing these trash games lol
I downloaded redfall last night and played for about 3 hours. Got all my abilities unlocked, did a couple missions, roamed around the map, and unlocked fast travel points. The whole time I was playing with its clunky ahh gunplay and less than desirable world design all I kept thinking was “man skill up’s review is gonna be a doozy”.
Seriously, my biggest problem that I’ve seen in every gameplay video/review of this game is the lack of enemies and they’re lack of energy. There’s like 5 enemies per area and they seem like they can’t even be bothered to look your way when you come in close proximity to them. And as someone who generally can have fun with bad games, and no I’m not saying I excuse companies that put out bad games but if there’s fun elements to a game that’s deemed bad by the masses, sometimes I can find enjoyment in it to a degree. But Redfall’s main element of fun, i.e. the combat, is just not there, I can’t have fun shooting bots that barely do anything and are severely spaced out from each other. For example, I could pick up L4D right now and play that solo and have a ball, but that’s not the case here
Redfall the type of game video reviewers wished they choose another profession.
Amzing to me how the only hope this game had was the very first trailer and then all interest after that was lost.
Well that's a bummer :( I had high hopes for a great new game from Arcane. Yet another lesson not to pre-order (as if we needed another one).
I'm mainly a psplayer but I love arkane so I got a new video card pretty much just for this game.
MS needs to clean house at Bethesda.  The oversight and decision making there is terrible.  Outer worlds spacers choice. Farmed out to a clearly incapable dev.  Adding Denuvo to Ghostwire Tokoyo a year after game releases. This probably contributes to the poor performance.  Redfall. Too much wrong. Also has Denuvo.  Numerous Starfall delays. Game may be okay?  Obsidian themselves appears to be the only thing under the Bethesda umbrella worth keeping at this point. Hopefully Avowed is good.
as a hardcore fan of the dishonored series, prey and arkane, this game  hurts a lot into my soul
bigger price, worse product, worse devs treatment. What a great time to be video games fan
These type of games are what ended E3. E3 was all about building the hype for games but now we all know what to expect from pretty much every game so it’s impossible to get hyped up for any game. This game should sell absolutely 0 copies and the company should refund every sold copy and just pull the game off the store
So, another gamepass/ Microsoft typical game
You sound exhausted from playing this game.
the state of xbox.... wtf is microsoft smoking
That's why I NEVER pre-order.
I've been playing on Xbox since 2012, guess it's time for a change.
14:07 why is there a Beer Keg just next to the projector room? No self respecting employee would want to lug a nearly 150 pound keg up there
Prey has such a great opening.
This review left out the fact that the Watcher is actually closely watching a dangerous splinter of wood fly in the wind. First time I’m gonna have to dislike one of your videos, but you should think twice before uploading such slander.
Its not that bad. I'm enjoying it.
Dang.  Tellin it like it is.
You didn't say whether to buy it or not.
This is probably worse than Cyberpunk 2077’s launch. That game still had some interesting elements despite the extreme bugs and the slight unfinished feel. Redfall feels like a pre-alpha project. I’ve tested a few games back in the day and they looked as bad as this because they were a work in progress, however they did not control this bad. What a mess. Did microsoft rush them to finish this so they could have another AAA title for gamepass?
Bro, this review had me in tears! Absolutely hilarious.
Good thing this was on gamepass or it would've shared room with unsold forespoken cd's in the dumpster. I think u spent more time on your review than devs on implementing player feedback :(
I think these flashbacks using tinted wireframe models  in games got to be the equivalent to how quicktime events were overused. I hope developers find better ways to tell their stories, instead of making us wait through dialog from people we don't know.
FFS .... borderlands 1 had already found the recipe for looter shooters more than a decade ago, there's so many of them now that I find it mind blowing how anyone can fuck up one.  And to think my only concern about the game before release was an end game ... lmao never would've guessed that the game itself as a whole is the biggest flaw.
jesus christ please let arkane go back to making shit they're comfortable with, I'm sure this game was designed by a committee of businessmen expecting to make a lot of money and it totally backfired
Ladies and gentlemen, a €/$70 base game with also a €/$100 option. No wonder I only buy indie games nowadays.
arkane fell off hard
This begs the question: is crunch time video game developer  labour NECESSARY for video games to be good? Because regular work hours make it so little things that make or break the games are missed. And then you end up with turds like this.
*Grabs popcorn*
Charging 70 bucks for this is an absolute joke. Shamelessness of the highest degree.
The cadence switch at 0:16 onwards is hilarious.
This game looks like it had no budget. At all.
I really want to know what went down behind the scenes during development.
This has to be made by a b-team at Arkane Austin, right?! Surely the main team is working on Prey 2...Same for Arkane Lyon, it better have been the b-team that made Deathloop and the main team are working of Dishonored 3, if not, Arkane are dead to me and I'm not being hyperbolic.
I feared that it whould come to this. Quantity over quality..
Ok, they've literally intentionally designed a mission where you need to WATCH A MOVIE, and when you play it, it's a slideshow. That screams "rushed" so bad, jesus christ
Man, watching this review is making me want to go back and play Prey.  That game was so amazing.  It wasn't a financial success, it was niche, but it was an absolute masterpiece crafted with so much care and detail.  It's such a shame that six years later, that same studio has put out this.
love that you put the same work into the video as they did the game
This game suits Microsoft/Xbox pretty well.
I hope someday we will find out what happened in one of those Jason Shreier's books
>Last time arkane game welcomed you >Totally glossing over Deathloop  I guess that one wasn't exactly a step forward either, given how it's literally been forgotten.
its the best xbox game
.        I feel like what happen to this Game is there was probably a separation in the studio between the story writing department and the department responsible for integrating the story into game which made it difficult to develop the story "in engine". And most likely; Covid 19 negatively affected their workflow. Let's remember that Prey (2017) come out before Covid and before the lay offs in the tech industry and also we can still play Prey. If anyone missed it or maybe skipped the DLC then I suggest giving it a revisit. It is one of the best (of not the best) Action-RPG's. I have ever played. And I want to give them another chance to make a game like Prey (2017). I'll support Arcane Studio's till the day I die. No for real. It's so good. Like I wouldn't even be mad if they closed the studio because I have Prey in my library and whenever I want I can relive that experience.
This looks like we happy few levels of bad
My only guess as to what this is: MS bought Zenimax, saw how shit this game was going to be, and just got it to an absolute bare minimum state (probably by mass outsourcing) as to not waste Arkane's previous work/burn the relationship? I have no idea.
How did EVIL WEST have more engaging vampire-themed world building than ARKANE?
This might be a hot take and I'm not saying I haven't enjoyed Arkane games in the past but I sometimes kinda feel like people hold them up as this uber immersive sim studio when in reality their games aren't like the final word in modern day "immersive sim" type games. They've not exactly been hitting things out of the park with recent releases either so it kinda feels like something needs to change in the way we view their output, either our expectations need to change or something at the company does moving forward.
Sounds like it'd be respectable as some couple dev indie project. Making their first shooter. Doing an early access release to get some funding to commission some help to address issues. Or just...a bad indie game.
Idk if devinder has unique weapon drops but the steak launcher insta kills most bosses
This is what happens when a company’s development team are primarily diversity hires, hired by HR. You can attribute almost every disastrous game release in the last 5 years to this.
Microsoft fanboy here! You might want wonder why I still root for them considering the lack of games, disappointments like Halo Infinite, disasters like Redfall, and other concerns…  …Stockholm syndrome. A little bit of gamepass… but mostly, it’s Stockholm syndrome.
Vampire night, an arcade game from two decades ago, has better enemy design than this one lol
Redfall 76
Also it’s pretty bad that dead island 2, a game that was in development hell, was released in a better state than redfall.
Genuine question. Why does no one mention deathloop in regards to arkanes previous games?
I was excited to see this review but honestly I’m more excited for AJS’ review because it’s guaranteed to get demonetized for excess profanity lol
This is interferrence and meddling. No way this and Dishonored are made by the same people with the same standards.  Even the idea was weak to start. A Dishonored 3 would have been so much better.
God, I love you trashing a game...
This may, no joke, be the single greatest game review in history.
"I would now like to talk about Watchers..."  LOLOLOLOOLLOLOL     ☠☠☠☠☠
Giving a review with barely any polish or flare, to a game with barely any polish or flare. Based.
at this point video games need their own Golden Raspberry Award
Games like this make me want to apologize for giving Destiny shit
Such a bummer I love the dishonored games and now this what we get
the dead catch key part made me waste like 20 minutes because i thought there was another way to fucking getting in
Never trust Bethesda. How many f***ing times do you have to be told? Do I have to start smacking you on the nose with a rolled up newspaper before you start to listen.
What's with your constant comparisons to Destiny?
i honestly think the game was seriously just not really finished theres cool concepts and good visual designs but it honestly feels like an alpha or very very early beta test
"utterly unsalvageable" geez this one is rough.
The game is clearly a 30 dollar game that was meant for mouse and keyboard... Total  shit show
Glad I trusted my intuition and chose to skip this forgettable mess of a game.
How is it that you can kill a vampire by shooting them with bullets? What's the point? might as well make all the enemies humans
Arkane needs to quit the co-op online bs and go back to immersive sims. Another Prey please.
It’s almost like Arkane being forced to make a piece of shit open world Far Cry style first person shooter with no unique aesthetic to it instead of the type of immersive sim was like…a bad idea. Oh well, Microsoft will probably force them to do one more quick cash grab that also will suck dog dick before shutting them down. Preemptive RIP to one of the best to ever do it, what a fall from grace at the hands of capitalist pigs.
LOL Xbox portfolio nowadays is utter shit. Starfield's release has me scared.
It's become a clear pattern most studios xbox/Microsoft bought lost their identity for the worse maybe focusing to much to release the game early to please shareholders idk, if starfield fail too Xbox is done this year.
Its a shit show 😅
Imagine the effort to make a game this bad...
redfall is a game made for gyro on a console without gyro
What breaks my heart is that Arkane made this. I have been praying for Prey 2  (pun intended) for years... now I'm not so sure I even want that.
Looking forward to the "Chair" vampire protection method being utilized in the next "Blade" movie.
Well remember that development studios are only as good as the people in them. I think Harvey Smith is the only one left from the Dishonored days. All these AAA studios are bleeding talent because nobody likes the corporatization of video games. Yes it will eventually happen to them all, but keep an eye out for where the talent behind those awesome games went.
The more I hear about this game the worse it gets :/ And yes I am genuinely worried about Starfield now...
The 70 dislikes are Arkane Studios' employees
I can’t fault Arkane for trying something new after prey and dishonored 2 didn’t sell as well as they would like. But releasing a buggy game and messing up gameplay elements they are known for( namely stealth) is a travesty
Some of these issues are similar to my experience playing Deathloop, just far less polished, so I'm not entirely surprised by the negative feedback it's getting regarding its gameplay mechanics. I am shocked that a game made by Arcane is of this poor quality however.
That Gamepass quality 😅
Against my better judgement I downloaded Redfall. I couldn't start the game because the cursor wouldn't go to start game.   Saved me playing this game I guess. Thanks Arkane!
Big yikes for MS Can they really afford to be spending $70 billion when hardware is down 30%?
I had a feeling this review would be brutal lol.
What the actual hell is going on this year.. 🤦🏻‍♂️
As an Xbox guy it is disappointing to me that this is expected to be the big game to turn around Xbox but it might just be copium and u can laugh at me, but I don’t fully and I repeat don’t fully blame Microsoft. Arkane is mostly at fault for their miscommunications with Microsoft and Arkane had promised more than what they can serve. Due to the miscommunications I blame Microsoft for allowing the game to be pushed out in this state because again Microsoft are the publishers not the devs or makers of the game. Asides that it’s not excuse to be released in this state and despite the countless complaints and stuff online Microsoft possibly ignored the wishes from Arkane to delay the game and because of that they put themselves as opened targets. Now the arrow is starfield; either it hits the bad apple off of Microsoft’s head and declares it a winner or hits Microsoft in the heart as their remaining player base leaves.   I just hope starfield is an 8/10 or more.
Even from watching the trailers for it you could tell this was gonna flop
I just want a hunter reckoning style game
Lightfall > Redfall
Good lord. I wasn’t interested in the game anyway, but wow. 😳 as an Xbox owner this is depressing.
Prey pulled the same shit with weapon “accuracy”
Did they make this in a prison with a knife hold close to their throat?? 😂
Wasn't there a person on the development team say that they had a halfway developed version for the PS5 that they were working on but was scrapped by Microsoft. If that was true, then Playstation dodged a bullet on this one lol.
Yeah, that's not good
Arkane is just absolutely overrated studio, not surprised this is a flop
Excellent review Ralph. I had no interest in Redfall but as you say, it paints a worried future for Microsoft. If Starfield isn’t anything above decent or good there’s a serious problem happening
What a dumpster fire. Even titans fall sometimes.
It sucks because vampires are like my favorite kind of monsters and there's a stunning lack of good vampire games
Well guys ,this is what join XGP Day one will do for your video game
This makes Anthem look like feature complete lmfao
As a huge fan of arcane's work this makes me very sad.  That being said I would caution anyone against blaming Redfall's shortcomings on Raphaël Colantonio leaving Arkane.  People need to realize that games like this are not made by just one person and everything pointed out in this video wouldn't magically be fixed by the presence or absence of one person on a dev team.  To me this mostly reeks of Bethesda wanting a very specific game and handing the project to a studio that is both inexperienced with and doesn't want to make these kinds of games.
What is the video game he shows @1:33?
YES THANK YOU. The colour loot system fucking sucks. I hate, I HATE how so many games do it... When I look at something like the souls games, where every piece of loot feels amazing to find... even stuff I don't wanna use I just love finding it compared to the shitty green loot blue loot.   It's not that I don't think that has its place in some games but I am just SO sick of it. Especially when they could easily do something better or just different.
And to think we could have gotten a PREY 2
Is this a joke? Come on you got me where's the non alpha footage
Anthem is so much better than this... its also on Gamepass...
Arkane's founder, Raphaël Colantonio, left shortly after Bethesda acquired it. I think he knew what Bethesda and now Microsoft wanted from Arkane. Not Dishonored 3 or another clever immersive sim with its own character and uniqueness appealing to the more discerning solo player, but a chaotic multiplayer which they hoped would prove to be a big selling title. I feel sorry for Harvey Smith and the rest of the truly original Arkane developers who worked on Dishonoured and Prey. No doubt there will be serious repercussions for producing such a poor video game. Was it deliberately done just to piss off Todd Howard?
I don't know if I can watch this whole review, I love Arkane and this is just heartbreaking to see.  I trust that they tried their best but something went horribly wrong with Redfall.  And I'm one of the weirdos who thought it actually looked good from the trailers.
Now I’m glad that it’s an Xbox exclusive
"newest Arcane game dropped"  "throw it on the pile"
Jesus this was the most unenthusiastic review I've ever watched on your channel, you sound dead on the inside
Brutal.
I feel so genuinely sorry for people who bought this or played it
They went from Dishonored to this HOW?!
Why does it look so bad?
This is why it's on Gamepass.
It’s a shame we’ve regressed in video game development yet asked for more money for titles, zero strive to be a game with little flaws anymore and more drive to put out a game hoping you can trick people into buying it. But honestly idk who tf was actually hype for this game anyways I hope their sales were so unbelievably bad it’s a staple for game developers you can’t do shit like this and legitimately try to ask people for money it’s pathetic
Yeah and dishonored was damn near just like this game
I can't wait for the "what happened" episode about this.
Man, I am heartbroken. Was actually looking forward to this game. :(
wow
The fact I was on steam yesterday and clicked on this game and they had a Live going on with the creators talking how they were so proud of this game. Total letdown especially from Arkane. Glad I got it on Gamepass lol!
Arkane controls and gunplay is horrible??? What a shook, you mean exactly like it was in prey and nobody said a thing back then?
I think this game was originally built for PS5 as third party timed exclusive, when Xbox bought Bethesda they scraped PS5 version and cobbled together this mess in a couple of years.  Similar deals were made with ghost wire and death loop and now star field that has had similar dev problems that was supposedly originally planned to be a timed exclusive on PS5.  What a catastrophic sh*t show.
I mean I always enjoy a good review but hot damn this review ripped MS a new one. Loved the sound of crickets btw, good one!
Same problem with mouse, the sens disparity is so high between ads and hipfire that when you set your sens right for ads hipfire is unusable and vice versa. main reason i uninstalled after an hour or so playing on game pass. i downloaded that game longer than i played it...
Devastating.  Well played sir.  All fair commentary.
I for one am happy that genuinely awful AAA games still come out in 2023. Just when I thought there was a baseline standard for acceptable (if repetitive and boring) open world games, releases like Forspoken and Redfall prove that there truly is no floor. I am very worried for Starfield though.
“When I turned it on, I was greeted by another non-animated cutscene.”   When the film projector showed a slide show, my God I was laughing hard.
This is not Arkane, they can make a decent game...so what happened. First quadruple LLLL game by Xbox, the most powerful bullshit console in the world. The company where game studios come to die.
After playing Prey, Deathloop and Dishonored. Redfall is a shame for Arcane. Why did they make this. SMH
What's insane is this game came from a big studio with plenty of qualified devs, qa, budget etc.  People at many levels said yes this is good lets put it out to the public.🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
Maybe this is Microsofts grand plan? Have so many terrible games so that they drive customers to game pass just so they can avoid paying full price for trash like this.
If one were feeling charitable you might think that the developers intentionally sandbagged this game in protest of having to make a dumb live service whaling platform instead of games they actually like and are good at making. That or they let the project be entirely run by interns.
This is why as a big publisher you don't just tell a studio "hey make an always online looter shooter" because that involves special skills that most studios don't know how to do, this is of course why studios who make competent looter shooters do that basically exclusively. Every studio who has been sent to the looter shooter cotton fields has either perished or returned a broken man. Hopefully the fact that this shit is no longer financially viable will stop these exiles.
Why does every dev mail it in after getting the bag from MS?
Fallouot 76 was fine, just buggy.  Stop whinging about a game that let you listen to NPCs on your PIPBOY rather than have some pixels on your screen.
I don't understand anymore, the small project before the next big thing was it Death Loop or Redfall ... ? No, seriously, there's nothing to expect from Bethesda at this point. I'm just sad for the ID Software franchises.
Disney+storytelling and production value.
My god, i don't know why this review was so enternteinment
Hmm what separates xbox and playstation in helping developing games ey
Is it just me or Bethesda across the board has got worse since MS acquisition? ESO expansion/DLC quality is a far cry from Orsinium and Morrowind times as well going very egregious with monetization; SkyrimAE was underwhelming for “next-gen” promises, now Redfall mess… I feel like Starfield and its 1000 “it just works” planets promise will be hot mess on arrival…
Xbox is dead. There won’t be another Xbox. PlayStation on the other hand will probably be announcing the ps6 in a year….
2023, finally the year of Xbox  ! Spencer & co : "trust us, good games are coming ! "
Everytime somebody makes a game thats gonna “end Destiny” it turns out to be shit
I hope that MS takes a page from this and decides to double down on Starfield so they don't recreate this catastrophe.
Makes atomic heart look awesome
No patch can save this turd
This really feels like it shouldn't have been an open world game.
23:30 skill up is a good friend
Agreed, 80GB+ download size and you expect decent cutscenes.
Such an embarrassment
Not having independent ads vs hipfire sensitivity is a crime. Literal felony. Straight to jail
That game pass smell lol keep shrilling for it you get what you pay for😂
Wait, so do you recommend or not?
I REFUSE to believe the same studio that made prey and dishonored made this (I didn't even like deathloop that much but it's a masterpiece compared to this)
Your gameplay felt like a dunkey vid lmao😂
No intro, no nothing. Just no F-s to give with this review. 🤣 Don’t get we wrong, I got all the info I needed and it’s infuriating that they are asking AAA full price or maybe even more for this. You might feel you wasted your time playing this and want to get done with the review to do something more productive, maybe. Anyways, thanks for the review.
being sandwiched between GOW and TOTK is brutal lol
I don’t think I’ve seen a more depressing introduction for a skillup review than this
“If a developer can’t be bothered to finish their game, then why should I?” Ouch. 21:33
So tired of reading notes and audiologs...
Makes me wonder if the devs have ever played a game, utter garbage
Xbox have Starfield ane Stalker 2 to redeem themself this year
Redfall feels like a game that entered development a while ago, got shelved because it wasn't working, Arkane moved on to something else, and then development got restarted when Microsoft bought them because they needed to put something out quickly.
Does the sniper ultimate have aim-bot or are you secretly an aim god?
Damn. This game looks so broken and boring that I'm having a really hard time sitting through this entire review. And I love Skill Up reviews!
I didn't even know this game exists until like yesterday
I feel like Bethesda and most big game studios have continued to let the consumer down. People always talk about the days of this and the days of that. Things were not better back in the day people's expectations were lower so it was easy to exceed them. After Cyberpunk I just play games I don't believe anything any developer's say anymore. Gaming is one of if not the biggest industries in the world the number of game like this has consistently increased. These Devs are not our friends advising us for our benefit they're doing it because it's their job.
I’ve still got a lot of hope for Arkane!   Prey and Deathloop impressed me to the moon(crash) and back. They’re keeping the immersive sim alive and healthy, and they have so much love for their games.   I’ve got faith that this will be a one and done mistake for a company of their pedigree. Fingers crossed Microsoft will keep their hands off after this and just let them do what they do best.
Redfall or Rainbow six extraction?
Sorry random IGN guy for trash talking your gameplay 😢.
Console Wars 2020: Sony Pony:"Haha no exclusives except for Halo Infinite 360" Xbot:""Oohh go pay 70 bucks for that h0m0 Kratos and ugly Aloy!!!" 2023: Sony Pony:"Uhhh bet i would love to play Starfield, huh? I mean Fallout in space, looks promising" Xbot:"...…..fck you"
what a great achievement of a game. The first game completely made by AI 🥲
Ouch... I've seen other reviews prior to yours, but maybe it was the pain in your voice while talking that made this one hurt way harder. Seeing the state this one released, and even considering Deathloop, I really want to put this one on Bethesda: taking a studio known for their immersive sims and set them to do a co-op looter shooter? No wonder this ended working as well as Anthem. But like you said, Microsoft also allowed this to be released. It really is a sad preview of what might be coming from Xbox in the future.
*sigh* I was really hoping that it wouldn't be as bad as the previews. Frankly now I feel like I deserve a refund of the bandwidth used when downloading it. Such a shame to go from Prey to this. 😑
I didn’t like deathloop very much, but at least it was polished and the gameplay felt decent. This is just a joke. Arcane and Xbox should be ashamed of themselves.
I thought I wouldn't get another game that is more entertaining to watch videos about various bugs and stupid things after New world but here were are
Now I understand why this game can't hit 60fps on XSX. It was made by lobotomized monkeys throwing feces at each other. When I saw the game in action, I was like "WTF? THIS can't hit 60fps? It doesn't even look that good. Gears 5 looks light years better and has a 120fps mode. Assassins Creed Valhalla makes Redfall look like a PS2 game and it has a 60fps mode. It all makes sense now. Training 30 monkeys to sit in a room with computers, fling poo at each other and develop a video game is a bad idea. Lesson learned.
Here at team Xbox, we've missed the mark
I love how you keep stabbing the ashy remains of Redfall. I love your videos, perfect reviews.
When the CGI teaser has better production value than the game itself LOL.  Makes me wonder if that’ll be the case with other upcoming Microsoft titles.
Sneaky Microsoft play - release Redfall build from 18 months ago to show the CMA that they can't make good games, and they're no threat to Cloud gaming dominance.  CMA approves transaction.  Redfall re-release with the actual game.  Phil playing 4d chess.
At the start of this video I was like "wow, this is really low effort Ralph," but then as I continued on and saw how little effort clearly went into this game, I respect the choice to not put effort into the video. Well played.
I don’t understand how this got 8s and a 9 out of 10 from professional critics
Arkane, guys... blink twice if you've been held hostage and forced to make this game.
This looks and feels like a proper Xbox 360 AA game. Good job Arkane.
More like Dead on Arrival...Fall, amirite?
Xbox gamepass day one exclusive everyone 😂
Wrong on one point, Horizon call of the mountain was the last exclusive from Sony
How the hell did the same people who made Dishonored and Dishonored 2, two of the most immersive stealth games I've played in recent memory, make this? That's just baffling
that was a good laugh! thank you
Fallout 76 doesn’t deserve to be lumped in with Anthem, BioWare abandoned that game completely. Bethesda eventually ironed out 76 into a decent online experience, with friends especially.
I have a feeling this game was supposed to be something completely different. A vampire hunting immersive sim. The suits probably came in and demanded a looter shooter a year before release.
RIP Lance Reddick.
This is like if Tommy Wiseau directed a video game. A uniquely terrible experience.
oof
Redfall is the hottest game on the N64
Lmfao what a trash ass game. Everyone involved should be ashamed . What a bunch of useless hacks.
"Please, God, no." 😂
Call me crazy but Im having fun with it. Love the atmosphere. Yeah, it runs horribly on PC, but for free, I can't complain. Now, if you say, "Is it worth $70?" Then no. Definitely no.
The idea and theme is really great in this game. Thats about all good I can say of it
They should of just gone the bioshock route with the audiologs
Bethesda is done
Best part about this game is the inevitable Jason schreier article in 6 months about how this disaster came to be
The idea was nice. The rest... Not so much.
Just proves why Xbox is in last place. It's clearly something that THEY do that is wrong as a publisher. Anything related to them ends up getting tainted by it. It's happened FAR TOO FREQUENTLY for it not to be an Xbox issue at this point tbh. Every platform gets a stinker every now and then but at Xbox... OHHHH BOY! it's the motherfucking rule not the exception. It's just goddamn pathetic now tbh.
Aw.... I thought you would follow up by blowing up a *real* car...
Ya.. Games are Totally worth 90$ canadian now a days.
To say this game was rushed is an understatement.
wow, this is a scam unseen since CDPRs Cyberpunk 2077
I see this game went the fallout 76 route of storytelling
Man, it's by lt from the ground up to be a multiplayer game, but it doesn't have matchmaking and progress doesn't even carry over from host games to my own
Vampire: “stop me if you can! Chair:”…”
Also btw why are u all shying away to saying unreal engine 4 is a joke
Genuinely think its pretty good
So tired of these dull fortnite looking ass shooters
Oh, I was already skipping this when the first trailer was dropped. Just the way the characters talked in that typical Gen Z snarky dry humour while also looking like rejected character designs from Fortnite Creative 2.0 just put me off immediately. I mean, these were the kind of characters that Alucard from Hellsing would dispatch in seconds right after either one of them destroyed his 70 Inch Plasma screen TV.
Gee I wonder how many people pre-ordered Redfall. Wonder why most video game devs release unfinished pieces of shit. Wonder why it takes them a year or more to fix all the issues from the release. Wonder why all the people who felt ripped off at launch will defend the developers after they finally have a finished product a year or so after launch? If you pre-order, don't complain about terrible games. You're the reason games are released before they are ready. I'm not upset this game is horrible. I didn't pre-order Redfall, and I very much appreciate learning from you suckers that the game sucks so I don't need to waste my money.
Cutscenes that are not animated may not necessarily be bad, as they represent a distinct art form where still images are used to convey a story. It is possible that non-animated cutscenes were chosen due to budget constraints or as a deliberate stylistic choice. While cost may have been a factor, the end result can still be engaging and enjoyable to watch.
Too bad.
Im heartbroken. Dishonored 1 and 2 are both in my top10 games of all time. But medicore Deathloop and terrible Redfall cause me to lose faith that ill ever get decent game from Arkane... not to mention Dishonored 3
I honestly still have faith in Starfield, but only because it's a space game and I'm a sucker for everything space. Also kinda weird to think about that Ubisoft is publishing pretty much every game I'm excited for now. Hyped for AC Mirage, interested in the Avatar game and excited for a Star Wars game again that's not made by EA, even though I loved Survivor and Fallen Order
The "only one way to solve puzzles" gripe is the same reason fallout 4 and fallout 3 fall so flat for me, in new vegas you actually see a skill check more than once per 10 hours so you feel like your skills are useful
Alpha tech demo. Nicely done kids. -_-
Woah...sad, just sad. So this makes Starfield release VERY important for team Green. Let's see.
They may save it, look at no man sky. It would take major redesigns but its possible.
We missed out on Prey 2/Dishonored 3 for this garbage.
Can't pass the buck and blame Bethesda, the buck stops with Microsoft.  Wouldn't be shocked if they forced this out the door to meet some content quota for Game Pass.
I'm so heartbroken and worried about the future of Arkane after this. How could this asset flip of a game have even been released in the first place?  Arkane is my favorite studio, (I know it's the people, not the studios, who are important) which makes this so much more maddening
Guys I don't think Skill Up likes this game.
i was waiting for maybe at least *something* good about Redfall, but there was really nothing? I have only seen this review and I must say I like some of the art direction. Things like the old school red font which looks great or the ocean being elevated into a wall of sorts to trap the people on the island, but really that seems to be all.
I appreciate how little effort you put in this review (like the usual musical and cinematic transitions you do) which is on par with the quality of this game.... Absolutely loved it!
I remember when dumb gaming comunity flamed the ign guy for lack of skill, how dumb gamers are, yes the game was that bad to control u bots npcs
I look forward to buying this game for $4.99 soon on a 3rd party key sale.
Deleted it after 2 missions (thanks, gamepass...). There's lots of bad and mediocre games out there, but for some reason this one really hit me with a hateful epiphany. There's millions of hours of entertainment media at our fingers these days all vying for attention, and yet a whole (supposedly very talented) team, and all those big MS execs, somehow thought this was a good game to release. It's insultingly tepid and without Gamepass they are asking 70 bucks or w/e for it... I feel attacked as a customer.
The presentation of your review is more dead than the enemies in Redfail.  I imagine that was the plan unless Austin is on Holiday, but the tone is heard loud and clear Skillup, well played.
Common Xbox L
"You don't go from Prey Mooncrash to this." Deathloop exists in between those two to make the decline in quality a little less sudden.
GOAT reviewer
I love this channel because I get to just watch the dumpster fire of the AAA space and never buy any of the games. Thanks Ralph! Crushing it as always.b
This made me laugh and cry. Dishonored is one of my all-time faves, Deathloop was deathly bland but Redfall is the fall of Arkane.
17:41 This chair, this chair, this chair... This chair is an eyesore.
Time we start blaming developers, it isn't just 'shareholders' and publishers doing this its the fucking people making this shit
Yeah, someone clearly sent this out to die. Shame. They should be shamed. Feel bad for Arkane.
Skillup sounds like the most disappointed parent of all time when the video starts "Hello..."
Using still images instead of animation for cut scenes was a weird choice.  If they were going to go down that route they should have hired a comic book or manga artist.  It doesn't look like they hired a professional IMO.
20min in, I've already ran into T-posing and vampires stuck in place. MS had to know about the state of this game but chose to release it anyway at $70!
Cant believe games like scalebound get cancelled when they had interesting gameplay from the get go but we knew the issues of this game 3+ months out and it still shipped as trash  I just want to know who is on this games QA testing so i can avoid whatever projects they move to
Not güd
Wow. That is one of the most damning (deservedly) reviews I've seen. I've got a friend who's doing a Game Development module in a Computer Science degree atm. And what he built in a couple of weeks playing around with Unity isn't far off this. What happened? What have MS done to Arcane? This game didn't need months, it looks multiple years off being even competent. As mentioned in the review, this looks like pre-Alpha footage. I can only imagine that MS have put the pressure on to release 'early' (the game was DELAYED remember!) given there are so few exclusive titles being launched. But at what cost? This is absolutely horrific, not just because of the game, I'm not sure it was my thing narratively anyway, but because of what has happened to Arcane. One of the best studios around. Pressure shifts to Starfield now, and to be honest, that's bleak
Really appreciate your video review of this game. This is such a disappointment 😔💔
If the devs didnt finish their product, why should i? Best quote
Wow.  They totally dropped the ball.  Prey was so fucking good.  This looks like.  ….   Ass.
I know the game is terrible but why is the fact that cutscenes having a certain style is considered a bad thing? Would they be any better if they were fully animated?
I would now like to post this comment
Was this dev team all unpaid college interns? What the heck?
Man, it hurts to hear Ralph so defeated when making this review. Honestly, people are better off playing Left 4 Dead 2 because that's a full fledged co-op shooter with zombies and it's a much more fun experience. Seemed to me Redfall was trying to be a knock off of L4D2 but with vampires. I get that developers come and go frequently in these prominent game studios. The same team that worked on Dishonored and Prey aren't the same ones who worked on this game. I first heard about this game and saw the trailer in The Game Awards and last year and there was zero hype for it right from the start. Hopefully Arkane will get the freedom to make a game that they want to make in the future and Microsoft and Xbox will honor that.
After seeing this I de-wishlisted the game and never will waste a thought on this game again. ☹👎
Redfall is ready for its TV show. Just like HBO The Last of Us, you can travel and travel and wont find any enemy around.
If Starfield flops and the activision deal is blocked, Xbox is done
I don't know if it's good that i feel validated by the reception of this game, ever since they announced it i said it was going to be trash, but i feel kinda bad because i really enjoyed Prey, and Arkane crafted some really good games before that too. What a shame
Remember metal gear solid 2?  I don't know why but I see a game like this in 2023 and remember 2001 playing metal gear solid 2 and cry at what passes as a game these days.
I want to preface what I'm about to say by saying that I own all consoles, I'm a gamer in the purest sense of the word, I don't have "brand loyalty", I play whatever game I want on whatever system I want. I usually don't care about reviews and like to play games that I know I'll enjoy (and I tend to enjoy the majority of what I play)  I'm a big Arkane fan and I was there with Prey literally on Day 1 screaming to anybody that will listen that it's an incredible game. I also tend to find the good in even the "bad" games that I like but that others don't like, I even somewhat enjoyed Forspoken (the combat, music and traversal was great don't @ me)  I can honestly day that Redfall is not only the most disappointing game I've played in the last 7 years but also one of the worst.. I sunk in about 5 hours and I couldn't anymore.. it's shocking to me that Redfall is not only a AAA videogame and the first big X-Box Series exclusive, but also a game made by one of my favourite devs that literally haven't released a bad game since their inception.. and we get this utter rubbish experience... there is nothing to enjoy in Redfall... it's completely broken, the graphics are horrible, the performance is truly abyssmal, the AI is broken and barely functions... the characters and story seem bland... Redfall really is one of the worst gaming experiences I've had in recent memory...
Man this is sad. I love the Dishonoured games and Prey so much, it sucks seeing this come from Arkane.
This guy loves Destiny 2. Take his words with a grain of salt.
Very good clear review, thanks for sticking with it as long as you did Skill Up.  Worth the £70 alone for the Rook fight....  really lol 🤣   Your comments re MS saying no to the game.   Clearly that was never going to happen as they have nothing else exclusive except Starfield and maybe Forza in the AAA lineup for 2023  (The latter being a niche driving game anyway).    3 years into this generation now and Microsoft just have one failure after another.   So so disappointing.  Even more nervous ahead of Starfield now.  🤔
This is such a prime example of a product made not by developers with passion, by by marketing people. You have to do X Y and Z so the product appeals to these demographics and we can sell more.   You can tell there is no passion, no love, no ideas no creativity. This is a soulless dead husk of a product designed for one thing and one thing only, to make a much money all while spending as little as possible to make it.   Please stop supporting this garbage. No more preordering, no more buying on release.
I'll seak with my money this time. I'll unsubscribe to gamepass. I loved prey and dishonored and this is such a dissapointment.
No time wasted sliding in that Destiny reference!
The editorial comedy here with the super underwhelming titles screens and transitions to match the game is masterful. Love it. Love to Austin.
thank god for game pass on this... FFS
Hope people will give Dumbuster more credit after this one.
It's absolutely hilarious how most of the gameplay I've seen from reviewers are of them playing as Jacob. So glad Devinder isn't getting any love.
This game should've had an open beta before releasing
True
This looks like an XBox 360 game they made in 2010 and forgot in a locker somewhere.
A lot of studio has a "A team" and a "B team" where the game is still good but not as good and now here we have arkane coming in with their F team
I thought my character's lines were decently entertaining, and the voice actress did a great job selling them. I have literally nothing else positive to say about this game.
Microsoft's answer to this 😂😂😂😂
This game is a royal fuck up, i cant believe the same people who made Prey did this!?
There is no way that this is the game arkane wanted to make.
Devs: What type of RPG elements should we add to this game? Creative Director: Yes  So much has been added but none of it has any depth. It's like they did a copy/paste of leading RPG games right now without understanding any of the elements they were adding and how to make them cohesive with one another.
Keep buying those studios for exclusives that were universally multiplatform Microsoft.  You deserve every flop you get.  I can guarantee with how badly this is currently flopping and the amount of money they’re going to lose because of it, it’ll be on PS5 by Christmas
Boom. Roasted. Loved this video.
The problem isn't that this game sucks it's that thousands of people will still purchase it.
Sooooooo sad😢
Gamepass fans kept using this game as an example of a game they couldn't wait to play when i told them gamepass is 98% shovelware and 8.99 games. I knew this game would be trash. Also Starfield will 100% launch as an unplayable mess as well no doubt
There has got to be something really weird going on behind the scenes for something. This shitty to be put out by arcane.🤔
The graphic seems off
Pretty sure this game was supposed to be something else
Damn, skillup is digging this game even harder than fallout 76. Oof
And normies will be like: Wow cool game, it has guns and vampires. Its also open world! Wow. Im gonna pour a whole 5 hours into it.  Redfall devs gonna call it a meh, and just push out another trash.
My only critique of the video is that progression gated open world locations can be done well like in Elden Ring. The game is so good you can go do other fun shit while you get whatever you need to move forward.  This is just lazy uninspired game design. It just hurts more because it's Arkane.   Great video as usual though but that goes without saying.
I love bad releases, more fun than playing games x)
is this game like trple A game or no?
17:31 When you have a game at its peak. Reminded me of Fallout 76 days.
this game was a failure on arrival
fuck man...that Prey opening scene hit even harder after knowing about redfall
lmao this game is cursed as hell. And NOT in the good "internet meme" cursed way.
I don't raelly understand why redfall was released by arkane... I didn't like deathloop much but this studio also gave us dishonored 1-2 and prey some of my favourite games. This game just feels like it needed 1-2 years more dev time or just be cancelled and the team admit they didn't have a clear vision on what it was supposed to be.
seventy fucking united states dollars
This game really takes empty world to the next level
I think I know how they fucked up the cursor in the menu. @SkillUp Did you know there is a setting for "Aim Assist in Menu"??
From the first teaser, I knew this game was going to suck... But I didn't expect to be this bad
Trillion dollar company folks, if fanboys continue shilling and defending this bullshit that kind of absolute trash from Xbox studios is the vast majority of cases... it's already there... why do you think no one wants an Xbox anymore? It's been over a decade with nothing interesting, complete trash or very mid games from Xbox... and they have more freaking studios than Sony..and could buy Sony tomorrow if they wanted to (they'd get blocked again but whatever). This is pathetic.
Xbox game studios is where games go to die….
Exploding cars in Postal 2 are better than this game.
I have a feeling that redfall was meant to be a live service fps with microtranactions akin to fallout 76 or back 4 blood. Its a real shame Arcane made this, the same legendary studio that made dishonored and prey. I really hope they can get back on their feet and make something excellent. It be a real lose for the industry to lose arcane studios
Leave a like to counteract the xbots disliking this vid
Only having stills/2d cutscenes in a AAA game is hilarious
The chair technique had me rolling.
Yeowch
Anyone else only fully watch Skillups reviews of shit games? If I know he likes it I just trust him and play it for myself
I never liked any of the Arkane games even though they are what I am interested in as a genre. Cannot say exactly why but their approach and execution was extremely uninteresting to me but this is another level. Was not that interested when I saw any of the ads or gameplay for this game. I am not sure who exactly was hyped for this….
what did you honestly expect..
I keep waiting for a current-gen only game that rewrites what an open world is, by taking advantage of being current gen. I naively thought that Saints Row would do it. I thought this would do it, because of Arkane’s strong reputation in choice, simulation, immersion, creativity within gameplay, etc. I’m now hoping that GTA 6 will (someday) do it.
I can't believe these guys made prey. How is it possible to create such a high-quality CREATIVE game like Prey and then make a game like this in the next 5 years?  I have no words to explain how sad it makes me to see how the mighty have fallen.
I hope they give refunds lol
Microsoft has a hands off ? Then explain to me why every develop studio they bought sudenly create a shity game like this, or ninja theory bleding edge, or that pentment game last year. or why rare just suck balls right now? And they are so hands off then the first day of Bethesda under microsoft they come to the studio and say "CANCEL REDFALL FOR PS5", not that ps5 or nintendo games wanna play this crap...
I hate this. I love Arkane but I can tell they did not want to make this game
There's more cutscenes in a single WF update (Duviri) than the entirety of Redfall, huh.
I was skeptical that star field would turn out good… now I’m pretty sure it’s gonna be a disaster. Bethesda’s quality control systems are clearly well designed.
gaming money already spent on StarWar.
Honestly… Xbox is completely irrelevant… they’ve fallen so far behind now it’d be best for them to call it quits…
This game is back 4 blood all over again, sloppy, lazy, and don't give a shyt.  I got gamepass and I'm not playing this mess.
It's weird seeing people celebrating and were almost anticipating for this to fail, I'm however disappointed because I really love the borderlands formula and there's no other game that had done that ,  was excited for Redfall hoping it would scratch that itch but this is such a disappointment
What game is that at 1:33?
To sum up. Don't buy this trash.
What happened, Arkane? Oh yes, we all know what happened... you became slaves Xbox Game Studios, where mediocrity is King.
Is this the biggest fall off the space of a single title ever? I get that Deathloop wasnt perfect, but it was in many ways a well made game, this appears to be terrible in every single regard, which is a huge suprise for ppl familiar w Arkane.
And VGC gave this a 4 out of 5?! I’m never listening to them again. Standards are low af.
Me and my girlfriend are going through red fall right now, she doesn’t play a lot of shooters beyond borderlands series and she enjoys it.  Maybe because it really is that down to basics shooting and the systems aren’t to complex, but she likes it.  It’s entertaining, but solo it really isn’t anything to get excited about, and that’s a shame from the studio.  Also, the aiming note, there is a option to adjust the dead zone, can’t remember what it is but it’s set to default, change that to low and it acts like abnormal shooter, makes the aiming a LOT better.
This is exactly why you are the absolutely best, zero bullshit reviewer these days. I am so glad this game exists so we got this fantastically entertaining review:)
When everyone already finished their review, meanwhile, IGN is still "IN-PROGRESS" for its review. I think they are doing a bargain with Arkane if they want a score greater than 5, they need to pay them an additional fee, or else they will score it below 5.
I love this kind of reviews where the reviewer says "This game is trash because of this, this and this" and shows real examples of how trash the game is. There's nothing subjective here only facts.
Love that you mentioned Warren Specter and Deus Ex! Hopefully the system shock remake will do immersive sims justice.
Xbox has one of the most braindead fanboy communities I've ever seen. You've only been fed shit for the last TEN YEARS! Stop defending Microsoft and Xbox... it's getting more than pathetic!
"That was your maneuver? Moving slightly to the left?"  "I mean, we're not in the same place we were, eh? That oughta confuse em."  At this point it's insane that the act of a big "AAA" publisher buying up a well known development studio and then running it into the ground with poor direction and forced shotty gimmicks like "live service", only to dissolve it later as a failed endeavour, is still a thing. Like, this game is shit, no question, but I genuinely don't blame Arkane, because this is not an Arkane style game. They took a studio who made immersive single player games with deep, compelling story and varied, unorthodox environments and made them push out another generic live service looter shooter. That's the old cliche of telling a fish to climb a tree. Why would you do that? Why buy a studio that's well renowned for a thing and then have them do NOT that thing. Stupid.
Probably should've used this time to review Hogwarts Legacy.
"If a developer cant be bothered to finish their game then why should I?"   Ooof damn Requiescat in pacé.
Bruh 36k views in an hour
at this point there is no doubt that all tripple A developers do not have any QA staff anymore. they dont test their games and you cant convince me otherwise. someone high up thinks of some stupid feature and they implement it without second thoughts and the remaining staff is too affraid to say anything to higher ups in fear of their jobs. there is no one at microsoft that dares to step in anymore.
there was some chatter that Redfall was originally conceived around the same time as Young blood and 76 and was made by a completely different studio than Arkane and was cancelled and it was only after the Microsoft buyout that it was shoved onto arkane and they were more or less told to make it work cuz microsoft needed a game released.
Love that your "Review Section Cutscenes" mirror the stale cutscenes in the game 😂.
Ooft
"chair"
the game is in gamepass. need i say more
Damn 😶   Great review though.
13:05 Next time my wife goes down there, i'm just gonna t-pose while she's not looking.
Wow this game looks shit
Its a vampire themed looter shooter with cartoony graphics that dropped on Game Pass. Everyone acting like this was gonna be Elder Scrolls 6 😂 just play it for what it is and stop crying. The past 3 days have just been grown ass men crying like children that "GAME NOT GOOD AS ME WANT IT" 😢
Hopefully this is the type of garbage we can expect from all of the developers Microsoft bought.
No, just as redfall is unrepairable mess, so is CPUfallen,  EA more likely to disband the team making it than "fixing" the game.
Is QA team not a thing in AAA game development now?
Arkanebros...
My favourite part about this disaster are all the xbox fanboys and Bethesda fanboys are losing their mind. They've somehow managed to find the most potent copium on the planet.  Brand Loyalty is a beautiful thing.
Well it looks like an android game..
I am not the surprised by Redfalls bad aiming, ALL Arkane games have bad aiming ever since Dishonored. Idk what is up with their games but it feels like moving in MOLASSES. IT SUCKS.
Wokeness will do that to a game. Happens every time.
thanks, so glad i didnt buy this.
I’m not usually hard on games even when they are bad. But this was probably one of the worst I’ve ever played…
Fuck, that stealth kill animation got me good
lol another game with the suffix "fall" has fallen
Why your videos are so long and overexplained. Although I like this review. I'll watch it in 2x
I love how devoid of emotion SkillUp appears to be during this review. Makes me think how much he suffered to get through with this titile.
As an avid Dishonored fan (one of my fav series ever) this hurts a lot.
Using that PREY intro is unfair. Everything looks like shit compared to that!
from the outside, it seems to me that Mircosoft needs games to be multiplayer and supported by microtransactions due to the nature of game pass. If you're going to put all the games on game pass day one most people will not be purchasing the games outright, otherwise it's not cost effective. with thata said Microsofts lack of first party games solves that issue, when it's hard to lose money on sales when you have nothing to sell in the first place.
Arkane NEVER got camera / aiming and shooting mechanics right. At least on console.  I’ve played all dishonored games on console for hours before dropping them. Same with Prey.  They always felt off. Gameplay wasnt tight. But at least those games arent action fps games. They are slower paced and got platforming and powers and stuff.  Redfall is simply horrible.   7:00 Surprisingly I was at that spot today and I wanted to climb high to sneak attack those camera guys, fell down right next to one and I was spotted immediately. The light wasnt even on me lol
Hate to say it man, but something in my gut tells me we won't get another full immersive sim from Arkane again. This gives me the same feeling I got when Bioware started to tank years ago. Deathloop was good, but very meh compared to Dishonored / Prey, and deviated a lot from their immersive sim roots already.  Developer studios are only as good as the people who work at them. I feel like some key talent may have left or something, and we have an "Arkane in name only" situation.   If Bethesda somehow flops at the thing they are greatest at (big single player games) with Starfield, then I don't even know anymore.
Destiny still hunts us to this day, Anthem wasn't enough about these GaaS destroying once amazing studios, we also had FallOut76, Wolfesntein Youngblood, Gotham Knights, Avengers, now Redfall and next Suicide Squad. When will it stop???
I can't wait to see Bethesda fuck up Starfield spectacularly as well.
I'm getting anxious whenever Bethesda is involved. It feels like they're turning completely into EA. I'm sure they had some fault in this game being this fucking shit, but hey.. who knows. Maybe Jason can shed some light on it eventually
Pssst, that's why it went to game pass on day 1.
Still waiting for Ark Fatalis 2...
Arcane blink twice if you want out. This game needed at minimum another year of development. Something is going on at MS. For some reason these first party games are failing.
Take a shot every time Skillup mentions Destiny in a review for a first person game.
This won't stop until we treat the live service mission gear score treadmill announcement with the same level of open hostility we did p2w loot boxes.
I’m very frustrated, because i actually enjoy this game, it’s become one of my favorites. I’m happy with what we got, I don’t care what other people think.  Everyone needs to stop and slow down, because your going to miss everything that’s enjoyable about video games if you don’t. I’ve noticed the sudden expectation that if a new video game doesn’t meet the standards of a group of players the game is immediately called bad. The trailers just show you some action in the or a brief explanation of the world, it doesn’t mean that the game is gonna be amazing but redfall isn’t terrible.  I describe redfall as being if Borderlands was fallout, it’s a crazy fps looter shooter with some RPG elements, but it has an apocalyptic vibe and art style. If there’s a game I want to be playing it’s this one, all I want to do is shoot Cultists and Impale vampires and figure out where this damn supply kit is so I can fix the popcorn machine!
So it’s sucks… but it’s also kinda free due to gamepass? Play a little then never play again. Xbox players shouldn’t complain THAT much lol.
I was so hyped for this, fuck me I guess.
I literally bought my first PlayStation yesterday. I can’t stand watching Xbox bastardize all my favorite franchises anymore and the ones that look new and interesting, come out broken.  I went and downloaded FF7 Remake and playing it for the first time and I am having a blast with it.
I don't want to be that guy, but those sequences you talk about at the beginning are animated, and aren't just stills. You might not like the style of parallax animation, which is totally valid, but to say they're just static images isn't true
So we can prob just blame Bethesda yet again and joy Arkane? I bet down the line we will hear about scrapping things, deadlines and budget cuts.
Good lawd.. it is so bad. And this is 70 bucks? OOF.
Love you skillup but i gotta say this. Steelseries is trash
"my views usually align with skillup or ACG i'll wait for their reviews" *negative reviews come out* "I've never heard of these people ever before in my life"
Drop your prediction here boys. How long until Bethesda pull the plug for this shit?
Personally I think the worst thing about the game is the character selection. They look like they cry about mean words.😂
"I've discovered their one weakness. Walking back and to the left slightly."  Ah yes, the Halo:CE Hunter defense!
Funny how AAA now tells me "avoid" rather than to check it out. What a world we live in.  Edit - I thought I'd by funny with a quick little quip at the start of the video because it was obvious where it was going. After watching it through I felt like that dude from A Clockwork Orange with his eyes forced open watching something horrific.
Honestly, I was really waiting for this video, and it did not disappoint. Great review, I have no desire to get this game but now I understand why the whole community is up in arms. So tragic.
The best 3 games of the last 6 months are all remakes and remasters.  AAA gaming is fundamentally broken right now.
I believe the "Chair" technique was first developed by Jackie Chan.
This is an important review. Hopefully xbox can change there situation
I can’t help but wonder if all their stuff is going to shit because upper management has been too busy trying to get the Activision deal to go through and they aren’t managing their studios. I get that want that to go but they now own  Bethesda (elder scrolls/fallout) iD software (Doom/Quake/Rage) Arkane studios (Dishonored/Prey) Ninja theory (hell blade) Obsidian (fallout NV/outer worlds) The coalition (gears) 343 (halo)  Like you have so many legendary or at least great studios with great IP! You own enough. Fucking focus on making the games now.
As someone who didn’t think too highly of Dishonored or Deathloop, I did want to give Redfall a fair chance. And so far, it definitely hasn’t done so well. What’s funny is that I think I put more time into Redfall than the other two titles put together so far, and even though the game is basically… not that good, I’m still pressing forward with it. Not sure if I’d count this as a “so bad, it’s good.” I guess when there was a low entry fee, it can compel you to see what other choices that were made that lead to this game’s creation (but even if it is on game pass, that is far from an excuse for the game to release in the state that it did).  Haven’t thought too highly of the studio up to now, and this definitely doesn’t help improve things. That and it is nice to see that even if the game got the “60 FPS” performance mode, it wasn’t going to make this game any better.
I actually burst out laughing at the car
i just don't get it. Cyberpunk was delayed a full year+. Halo was delayed a year +. This was delayed a year. Forspoken was delayed a year. idk if jedi survivor was delayed or not but seriously. WHO THE FK IS DOING QA??? I have to know what these games were like a year prior for these people to think "a year is a good delay to get everything in order" because apparently its not.
What a staggeringly incompetent looking video game, how on earth can a game be so bad?
3 for 3 on borked PC releases. They do say it comes in threes mind.
I guess I won't bother downloading on gamepass lol
The music transition into combat is horrendous
This looks pretty abysmal. You should give your cash to an indie game that actually deserves it. I just bought Bramble: The Mountain King a few days ago and am absolutely loving it.
Ngl the theater in-game cutsence is kinda cool
Gogogo get ‘em shillup
HAHAHAHAHA! Oh my God, can't wait for Starfield!
Very dissapointing. I can't wait until we get answers in the future as to wtf happened.
Why would you run off like a spastic while a recording that is part of the story is being played?
'Arkane will make this their most supportive game' Did they have a 10 year plan for this game too 😂
All of this is true, but you should’ve made more of the technical issues because they are really bad. If you’re not playing on a 40 series card you’re literally going to be miserable it’s awful on Console too. not only is there 30 frames per second but the game has stutter …. on Console! The pop-in, the shadow draw distance, textures that literally never load. It’s insane.
I guess everything with a FALL in title tend to, hmm, fall hard this year because of developers lies. Bungie, now Arkane. What a year.
Good to see Bethesda continuing its brown streak. Good luck, Starfield!
That was a burn of a review. I'm happy i wasn't involved in the creation of this game...
All they had to do is give us a dark brutal Dishonored like dishonored 1, that's all, and optimize it
"It's good that MS is hands-off with its studios, but only if they make good things" they're hands off with everything they own and Xbox as a brand is failing lol they have no games to release and they're so "hands off" that studios just flounder and fail under them. Where's Fable? Where's the Halo fixes? Does anyone care about Gears after 4/5? That game Rare is making has nothing solid around it, does it exist? Hi-Fi Rush is dope, but it was a sales flop. Redfall was never going to be good but MS obviously needed some game to release because they have nothing other than Starfield, so this was sent to die early and since they refuse to be actually involved with studios they now own leaving them with 0 oversight across the board, even with Halo itself, this will just keep happening. Brands fallen to shit lol.
The game is in absolute shambles but tbh I’m having fun and I don’t know why 😂
I don't think he likes it.
I like non animated scenes. There special and its sadly not often you see this anymore
WHERE'S MY BOAT METAPHOR, RALPH???
Great review, a lot of these points could be applied to Anthem, Back 4 blood, Avengers, fallout 76, cyberpunk and on and on. Big game companies are continually churning out generic soulless broken products relying on the reputation of games made by people that very likely don't work there anymore.
13:07 This was priceless 😂
It feels like they're trying to punish us for not buying Typhon/Prey!
Redfall is the story of a group of power-hungry individuals who suck the life force out of something innocent and creative, leaving behind a hollowed out and pale copy of what once was. But we're not here to talk about what Bethesda has done with Arkane.
Does this mean you don't recommend it? 😂
I gave up I couldn't aim worth anything in this game and just Uninstaller it. The aiming is such a joke. How can you possibly in good conscience even think you deserve to sell this game for money?
Thanks for your Sacrifice, Ralph. YOUR SUFFERING SHALL NOT GO UNNOTICED.
Just get blood hunt if you want a shooter horror imm sim costd pretty much 6 times less
I think it won't be long before Microsoft abandon the hands off approach, it's not working at all.
This makes Anthem look like game of the year.
I’ll say it again for the people in the back that didn’t hear. Microsoft/Xbox is a terrible gaming platform and have no idea how to make good games. And this is coming from someone who had a 360, Xbox one, Xbox one x and now series x. My last PlayStation was the ps2. I’ve had a PS5 for 6 months and I regret everything Xbox for the last 10 years
I could not find that key in the record store for my life, turns out my in game flashlight was blowing out the image on the table so it was near impossible to see without directly hovering over it.
This really screams that this game was forced on Arkane, and they phoned it in because even they knew it was going to be a trainwreck, lol
Fuck me I actually got excited seeing the melee combat for a second then i realized it was dead island 2 lmaooo
What a complete shit show! I would fire everyone at Arkane, Bethesda and Xbox involved in this project. Kumbaya positive crap needs to stop right f*cking now Microsoft.
It's kinda cool though they let like 2 people at the studio make a hobby game and release it as "AAA".
As an Xbox owner, this is both devastating and unsurprising.
What a disaster. I'm not sold on Starfield after 76. I really don't believe Bethesda learned their lesson from 76. I hope I am wrong. I crave a good space game but I have my doubts and with this release, I have my doubts Microsoft will wait until Starfield is 100% baked. Given their dismal Tier 1 game release, they need Starfield to come out so I could see another release then patch mess happening with Starfield.
Everyone else saw this coming right? It's pretty gross that so many games launch utterly broken or just not at all how they were marketed...
This is so sad
No. Ign is always trash at games
So how exactly do some places rate this game 8/10 or 9/10?
When a dev obviously doesn't give a shit about a project
13:03 lmaoooooo
OMG what a disaster, how did this happen, i would love to see a documentary one day.
They probably fired a lot of devs, "because of recession" and this is what you get.
This is like a bad asset flip in 2015. Not a triple A video game in 2023
I'm starting to think that this game is only a distraction for the real game they are pouring their resources into: Prey 2
I like how he assumes he's on another skill tier than the ign. You're video game journalist tier bub. Right there with them.
Prey had such a cool intro. Loved that heli ride
Love the video presentation style you chose for this game. It’s so blunt and to the point 🤣
I think arkane has an A and B team. similar to techland, platinum, remedy etc. where you sometimes ask yourself what is happening;)
LOL, still cut scenes like it's the N64 days.
I think alpha is the best way to describe the current state of Redfall ....
Yay another shitty game with tacked on, superfluous loot mechanics that add nothing to the game and are just there because the devs have no clue what they're doing. I love loot mechanics in games...Diablo, PoE, Borderlands, Nioh, Destiny all these games have really cool endgame systems for loot and builds with items you acually WANT to grind for that is the thing games like Redfall don't get. I don't want a gun with +0,2% Headshot damage on a shotgun i want something like the randomized guns in Borderlands that complement my abilities not just "5% more damge because purple gun". Besides that this game could have been something cool. A game with Vampires as the main enemies, to me at least that's a pretty cool premise.
cool so not only is the gameplay capped at 30 FPS, but the cut scenes are in 1 FPS
I find it ironic that Microsoft, the creators of some of the most powerful business software, don't know how to create games in an industry worth more than music and movies combined.
Anthem vibes. This has the Bethesda touch, the touch of death.
Deathloop was pretty good game, not perfect but this is shit bro, I was excited for this game
I think Harvey Smith has killed Arkane.
Wow what a dumpster fire. Won't touch it even on Gamepass.
The game so bad Skill Up sounds like AI generated voice doing this review.
Prey 2 didnt reach Bethesda quality standard  but this, Fallout 76 and Rogue Warrior did
This is why i like your reviews. You tell it how it is! This is a complete shit show of a game! how it got released like this is puzzling. I really hope MS learn from this
And the best news is we get to do this all over again next year with Rocksteady. Sad times, man.
How did it went from fallot 3 to this kind of crap? How the f** did we downgraded so much in terms of gameplay since then????
I feel bad that you had to review this game
"You can't walk around and listen to it while you do other things." is one of my greatest pet peeves in gaming. WHY?! in 2023?!?
Maybe they saved all the money for Activision's acquisition just in case and now that it's rejected by England they can give their studios the budgets they need for :)
Thanks for always keeping it real, SkillUp
Looter shooter is an absolute garbage genre.
Just rushed. Some great ideas, not executed.Reminds me of Cyberpunk’s release.
Quit pre ordering games, quit comparing current dev teams from your fav studio to a team from 10 years ago.  Because most of the folks are gone. This happens over and over because people keep making the same mistakes. You’re the consumer and it’s up to you to make smart purchases. This is nothing new, snake oil salesman never went away, they just have more money and make higher end products that are harder to see for what they are, garbage. If you’re hyped for something just have patience and wait until full release for a review that isn’t sponsored. Because Ralph would have saved anyone who bought this and is disappointed lol.
"High quality stealth kill animation" killed me😂😂😂
19:20, I too, am a fan of dubstep. That drop was pretty weak though.
A game with a worse release than No Mans Sky.
Dont lie to me this was clearly made by ubisoft🌚
I liked the concept and setting. I really wanted to like Redfall. I'm so disappointed it sucked so bad...
I agreed with the IGN gameplay…we do need to apologize for that, none of us realized that was how it was meant to be played.  Side note: this review game me vibes of when you reviewed D&D: Dark Alliance
This game kinda reminds me of Generation Zero, game that is a game and thats it
Wow, this looks like total dog sh*t. Looks like they forgot to put the game in their game.
yuck
I dunno man, like I get the game is super flawed and all, but a lot the issues with that IGN preview was mostly due to  the player
Thank you for another great review Ralph.
Comparing this game to Far Cry does a disservice to Far Cry
Redfall really sets such a low bar for the gaming industry honestly. We had games like bioshock in the past that almost perfected both story telling and gameplay all at once. If they could make masterpieces back then with hardware that is now considered outdated, why the **** can they not do it now? Triple A companies do not care anymore about developing quality games and its going to kill this industry if it continues
Thank you Ralph for bringing up the controller mechanics on console. It wasn’t the pop in, or muddy textures, nor was it the lackluster storytelling and lack of presentation. It was how it controlled, the basic fundamentals of moving and aiming, that got me to turn off and delete this game after only playing for 20 minutes or so. I’ve never felt a fps control this poorly in my life, and I’m not using hyperbole. There are only 3 settings for how sensitive your reticle is and all of them feel horrible. Something went very wrong with the development of this game, and I’m really curious how and why. Xbox better nail Starfield because they are in big trouble if this was one of only two major first party releases. This year
"I refuse to finish it because if a developer can't be bothered to finish their game then why should I" damnnnnnnn
There are almost no enemies in this game.
Alright then so the game is far worse than social media led me to believe in the past 24hrs And that was pretty bad already.
There's supposed to he a super annoying miniboss in the basement, count your blessings it didn't spawn 😅
Not trying to be a console warrior but I keep getting worried that I'm going to have to invest in an Xbox but whenever the games come out that I'm looking forward to on that platform, they end up sucking. My wallet is willing but they need to give me something to want to play
Arcane studios have gone downhill since deathloop which reused the same zones over and over.  Also gameafied missions like where you have to kill a target and after killing everyone in that zone you dont complete it becasue you need to go back and identity the target before killing them only now there are more enemies.  Definitely a studio that's lost it's way and is producing unfinished untested poorly realized and uninspired triple a garbage, like others in the industry.  Shame dishonoured is among one of my favourite games.
This is painful to watch. Is this really from Arkane, the same Studio that brought us Dishonored and Prey?! What the actual fucq?!
it amazes me when people say gamers are being spoiled and complain all the time,  but how is it that i'm having more fun playing a 1997 game than most AAA games these days, most established studios completely lost their sense of style and soul when making games, its just a factory that pumps out games one after other with no real effort put in them.  the 97 game is called Nightmare Creatures, awesome fun btw but good luck figuring out how to install it :D
The cutscene issue is a stylistic and artistic choice. Some like, some don't. Subjective artistic criticisms aside, you make good points on the objective issues in the game.
The UI man, dishonored and Deathloop had some very good looking graphic design and for redfall they thought using the John Carpenter font was good enough
My first lockpick got me a weapon which onehit every vampire.  Quality game 0/10
first survivor, now this. new games really took a huge L yet again
All the arkane kiddies gonna come after you - I already saw one dude say under your Steelseries promotion "all bethsda games have wooden clunky controls how do you not know this as a games reviewer."  Imagine thinking this^. "It's always been bad so it should stay bad." What a dipshit.
Runescape level AI with this safe-spotting wth
God bless indie games. 🙏 ❤
Normally, there's a silver lining to such bad games: the reviews are entertaining. But this one felt sad. Not angry, I'm disappointed. There's cutting your losses and  asking a studio to step outside their comfort zone, but really, there's no excuse for releasing a game this bad at this price.
Even the reel during the theatre "scene" was just a slideshow. Lol
I thought it was a vampire themed Left 4 Dead clone when I saw the reveal trailer.  Really didn't know it was an open world shooter until now since I saw nothing about the game until it's launch.
My only fear with the release of Redfall is that people are gonna simply excuse Jedi Survivor as the lesser evil.
That sound when you tried to get out of the menu was actually a pretty sick beat.
I just don't understand how this keeps happening. Like what is it gonna take to get these developers to start doing their jobs? We have tried voting with our wallets but they just don't seem to care.
I’ll never understand why companies throw the work of their employees under a bus in such an avoidable way.
Can't be more happy to see Xbox making everything live service and failing hilariously. First Halo Infinite and now this hot garbage.
I appreciate SkillUp showing how bad the game is ASIDE from the PC performance. But with that said, this game looks REALLY BAD.
Someone please tell me this is not the same team that did the previous games? It must be like a C team or something, no?
It's almost as if a marriage of bad decisions completely ruined this game. The concept and idea of the game was there pre microsoft but Arkabe were new to it and so faced tonnes of challenges. Then you have microsoft hands off approach with its studios and then it all went to shit.
70 xDDD
I thought Deathloop was overhyped, sadly feels like Arkane are going backwards with each release.
Wow, what a steaming shitpile of a game
Well Starfield is in trouble 🤣🤣
jesus, what happened with this? the last games made by Arkane that i played were Prey and Dishonored 1&2, they were all awesome, I didn't play Deathloop but it looked good too. Now we have this monstrosity AND it's $70? Wtf happened?
Oh boy I've been expecting this.
I’m having second thoughts that being bought out by Microsoft is going to be this miracle that turns things around for Activision. If anything, I feel that quality is sliding.
It is sad to see this studio go down that road. I am back on OGRE4 with RE4 tweaks on PC....I am kinda done with modern Games!
Awesome game loving it. But the graphics do feel like im playing a xbox 360 lol
Microsoft magic at work. All they want to do is buy all the assets. They dont care about quality, they dont care about money. They care about others not having it and to become the only option. See windows.
RIP Arkane. Microsoft mismanages, or just flat out destroys everything it gets it's hands on.
I'm more surprised people thought this game was going to be good. I thought this game looked seriously underwhelming from day one.
Bro, the stealth kill cracks me up. Every single time. 😂😂😂
Only here for the Xbox fanboys "he didn't mean to hurt me" takes!
Yeah but the frozen wave thing is cool.
This was clearly live sevice game that got scraped into something else.
What an embarrassment for Bethesda and Microsoft. This is one of the worst looking gams I can think of in some time.
Microsoft the studio killer strikes again
This is fucking pathetic, 70 dollars for this trash. its a disgrace!!
I had a bad feeling about this game from the first reveal, an instant and almost visceral reaction of "ew!" . Of all the things I personally want of a stellar single player studio like Arkane, an LFD clone isn't one of them. And certainly not one that resembles shovelware. Dear oh dear.
Skillup sounds bored even reading the script for the video ☠️⚰️☠️⚰️
30min + videos are to long.... cant you just make a tiktok.... my attention span is locked to 30sec
It's really a head scratching moment when you try to figure why microsoft and xbox cancelled Scalebound and didn't green light potential sequels for Sunset overdrive and Alan Wake yet they approve this atrocity to launch.
Nice video! I wasn't interested in the game anyways but i had a few VERY good laughs here. Thanks!
This video had 10x more hype than "magenta drop" or whatever it's called
Feels like this one is made by the Diversity B Team, like so often these days.
To think this is from the same studio as Prey...
Oh my, that title is not what I wanted to see associated with a game from Arcane Studio...
Damn, made by the C team. 🫣
Im shocked though. I dont understand why it is in this state?! Prey was TOP NOTCH quality. This is DOGSHIT!! How can there be such a quality gap between those 2. I really dont understand? There has to be some issue in Arkane Studios, financially maybe?  Debts? Employees left? Who knows..
maybe this game was actually made by arkane's evil twin studio arcane while the real studio was held captive somewhere
How was this even released? I must admit I was never interested in this ip from the moment I heard about it. Glad my intuitions were correct.
The sheer gall and hubris of charging 70 USD for this garbage. It's barely even worth half of that and that's being generous.
This could have been so sick. I love this studio and to see them make a soulless half assed husk of a game like this is beyond disappointing.
what a disappointment.  I really hope Arkane can recover from this because we all know they still have some talented devs there.  But I fear they are going down the route of Bioware.
I just think this game is in the state its in is due to a lack of passion. This isnt the type of game arkane does so i think they just said "fuck it, put it out" just to get it off their hands
I was the Michael Jackson popcorn meme that entire review. 10/10.
So Charlie noticed there was a slight aimbot toward headshots. I've played 360 games that did something like this, you have a slightly higher sensitivity and ADS as your reticle covers the targets head region, and it just snaps. I've not played this though so I may be incorrect. Maybe he used KBM? But I see the issue and its not you those deadzones as you put it can break a good shooter. 11:22 "(death cry)"
It seems to me like some of the studio Microsoft touches turns to shit
Well worth a 10$ standardized prize increase. This is definitely a year.
that's a bit harsh innit?
26:05 Listen to Skill Up & just abandon ship for the next one …
I'd be really interested to know when development actually started on this, was it pre or post Microsoft acquisition?
You know you’re just in for a bad time when you owe IGN an apology for their gameplay showcase criticism.
I have never understood the praise Arkane used to get. I always felt the AI in their games was so bad that no matter how good the game was the AI completly removed any enjoyment i could have in the game. This game being so bad is no surprsie to me at all.
It’s quite appalling a game can be released in such an abysmal state for 70 dollars. This reflects poorly on Xbox and Arkane who are better than this.
Man, this game is just terrible at everything. There's not an ounce of anything actually interesting that'd make me feel remotely interested.
Looking forward to the Jason Schreier exposé about the making of this game.
I was waiting for another AAA gaming catastrophe to binge watch for a month.
Holy f*** , this game is disgusting. I feel sorry for everyone that paid for this piece of shit.
Nailed it!
Bro, that is obviously a chough, not crow nor raven. This fuckin guy doesnt know his corvids
Too bad that games release in this state, but I genuinely believe that it still can turn into a great game given more time. If the devs stick to the game and get enough funding, this might end up being a fun game in a year or two just like No Mans Sky or Sea of Thieves.  But I still won't play it. There is just to many other great games that would be time better spent.
Next slide, please.
$8 billion well spent. Game Pass and Microsoft's strike again. Good grief!
Got my review copy last night .... kinda regret getting it. Oh man, I felt the soullessness within the first 10 minutes of playing Redfall. A cool concept which is wasted. I personally did not like Deathloop, but that felt polished, together and had some substance and purpose at least.
I like it. I don’t get all the hate.   I will admit it does seem cheaper than the regular Arkane game
this shit looks so bad
Nope IGN is still crap for not stating that the game was in a poor condition. Had they given the developers honest feedback, it might’ve delayed launch. Now I won’t even bother with the game. Another summer my Series X gets no attention.
I pre installed and was excited to play Redfall on launch. After seeing the negative reviews pile-up it was upsetting but I just ended up uninstalling the game. Im not going to bother suffering through poor game design and performance issues. I value my time more than that.
What exactly were Arkane doing in the 5 years spent “developing” this? Total mystery… that’s a long time even by AAA standards… hopefully they come back strong 😢
Ouch
It's amazing a game like this can be devoloped and released after Borderland, the Division, and Destiny.
Arkane is hardly Arkane anymore...
Fail game unfinished don't waste your money guys.
Can't wait for the Angry video game nerds video about this game 20 years from now.
We could have had Dishonored 3 and yet we get this.....
The only reason I'm having fun with this game is because I'm playing it with three kids I play Destiny with.  The game is brutal tbough
Common Xbox L
This game made me go to bed early last night
I was very upset after Jedi Survivor's failure on PC, luckily I got a refund, but I kept telling myself, "it's ok, Redfall is coming out soon, I have that to look forward to." What a disappointing week lol.
This! This is why I'm glad I chose to personally boycott Bethesda ever since Fallout 76! I will NEVER give that sh%tty company another cent of my money again!
I love how you don’t  put any work into the transitions as a dig at Redfall, or that it wasn’t worth the editing…. Or both 😂👌🏻
Glad to know I wasn't the only one walking in circles trying to find that key or just get into that room. Stopped and uninstalled shortly after because fuck that. What an unmitigated disaster this game is.
Honestly the game looks like it's from 2010
This makes me really worried for Perfect Dark and Fable now.
Such a shame to see Arkane wasted like this. On a stupid looter shooter of all things. The moment I hear a game is focused around loot, I instantly lose interest.
I've honestly received more enjoyment watching all the different review vids of this catastrophe than I probably ever will playing the actual game. LOL.
The oilspill in the parking lot under the trucks is just outright lazy. No blaming management for that one. Someone placed those there and its just downright lazy .
11:00 sold the game to me.
Here's the real problem with the IGN video: Did the person playing, or anyone else, mention the shit controls? Nope. They got paid to jerk off all over the game
This is almost more horrendous then that Walking Dead from Overkill remember that one?
The video game industry is so fucked.
How does Phil Spencer still have a job?
The amount of Xbox fanboys on Twitter trying to make it seem like this game is getting hate for no reason is astounding. The Xbox fanbase has Stockholm Syndrome.
This game reminds me of Wolfenstein: Youngblood. That is bad. Funny how Arkane assisted Machine Games with that one.
I could instantly tell just by looking at the trailers that the gunplay in this game is trash.  So much goes into FPS gunplay feeling good: animations, screen shake, models, effects, enemy reactions, even how ADS looks and how long it takes.  Every indicator I've learned over more than 20 years of FPS gaming was telling me HEY THIS IS PLAYS LIKE GARBAGE.  To no surprise on my end, this is absolutely the case here.
Only facts in this review.   In regards to coop, enemy density is particularly terrible. Played at highest difficulty on 4 player & it was over an hour into the game before I had my first kill. One of my friends even suggested that maybe spawns were bugged. (Not to mention difficulty was a bit of a joke the underboss fight went exactly as shown here) As for character classes, there doesn't seem to be a lot of point in picking a particular one. There are a couple of movement abilities that 2 of the characters had that seemed to work out well but the defensive/offensive abilities were useless in coop
so according to the evidence here bethesda and microsoft don't know how to make a game anymore .. my hope for starfield is shrinking exponentially. okay okay there is no hope anymore - either they are going to redeem themselves big time by dropping the game we hope for or they will totally shit the bed and drop the game we all now expect ... i suspect buying some new sheets in advance might be a good move.
Microsoft making millions off Gamepass and they're paying Arkane millions to put it on Gamepass so the real losers are us as consumers.
More than a few outlets gave it 9/10s Lol😂
I'm watching this video and the first thought that came to my mind is; "man this video game sucks, glad I decided to play Honkai Star Rail instead of many of these past few triple A releases."  Especially this game by looks.  Spent less money (ended up being 25 dollars but I could have easily spent 5 for about the same enjoyment).  Listened to some great music.  Got wowed by some of the set pieces the game has.  HSR set a high bar for itself with it's own game, and I have every confidence that they'll
I don’t get why Arkane games insist on giving wallhacks. Completely ruins the atmosphere
Skillup, you asked how MS could possibly release this game in this state?  Simple. Gamepass. It's all about the creation of abundance. Quality is no longer on the table as MS themselves have bred into their users that a rental service is the future of gaming, sacrificing quality for quantity. This holds true almost entirely on the AAA front, Forza being the exception. The conversation at the leadership level is most certainly about balancing the resources they're willing to input to dev cycles and the quality of the final product vs when is the most efficient time to launch on GP
at 1:23 there is texture pop in for the non-animated cutscene. WOW
Shill and Austin always put so much work into editing these videos. In this case I applaud the fact that they put just as much effort (if not more) than the developer did into this video. Their normal video format i.e. thoughtful script, moving music, exciting transitions etc. Would have put too much shine on the AAA turd that is redfall. Instead this video comes across as damning court testimony. Shame on arcane. Excellent video, errr I mean presentation prosecutor shillup. Court is adjourned. We will reconvene when the next review drops.
2:05 Deathloop had a fantastic feature where closing a text window would trigger a small popup at the edge of the hud containing a one sentence summary of the text you just read or skipped. I'm baffled this QoL feature is straight up missing from Redfall.
How did the developer of Dishonored and Deathloop get stealth and gunplay so wrong 😂
The biggest shame of Redfall is that the art team, like every Arkane game before it, went off. Especially the vampire designs going for a more emaciated, spindly look. And I got a soft spot for the main character designs, like Layla for example. It's like they saw that one viral tweet a while ago about black goth girls and had a eureka moment.
Publishers justifying that $70 price tag I see
I've never been more thankful that gamepass existed. I played this for 45 min and was like nah went back to Jedi Survivor which I got lucky and the most recent patch fixed most of my issues so now I've got 9 days to play it until Zelda destroys everything and I go into a bunker and speak to no one while playing it.
Yeah. Please don’t put any more time and work into this turd. Just take the L and work on something new. Also, this should have been canceled. It may not have been good optics for them, but releasing this trash doesn’t look good either.
Just Ralph’s hello told me everything I needed to know about this. What a shame to see that happen to an Arkane game.
Oooph.. such a shame. I love Arkane's games but this just looks like another Anthem. A game that a studio is not as well suited to make as other studios. Damn...
That car explosion though. From shooting a window. From a studio that has years of experience with immersive sims. Bizarre.
Did...they want to make a Destiny? I mean, all these big companies, all they want to make is a game like Destiny, right? Easy to churn out content, very easy to monetize.
Jedi survivor and now this. What is going on with modern gaming? It's easy to just blame preordering but there has to be more to it than just that.
Pain. The “hello” set the tone. Pain. Full.
I played it for about 5 hours then deleted it. Honestly one of the most forgettable games I've ever played. It has some good things going for it but the good has been buried by tons of mediocrity.
"it just work."  or not.
Phil Spencer needs to go..... who else agrees????
Does this game have the horrendous input lag that all Arkane games are known for? (On console specifically)
The problem we all have, is that we associate any modern company name with a good history, as still being that same quality company. Every AAA company is a mess now. Don’t trust a single one of them. Indies only. Pirate the rest, or buy it in a year when they’ve removed their heads from the depths of their arseholes and made the game resemble something other than a failed abortion.
I wish I could be excited for the eloquent and devastating criqitue put forth here. But this is a fall from grace that's even worse than the CP2077 debacle in my book. I'm genuinly saddened to see my old favourites at Arkane releasing something like this.
I've got 0 faith in Bethesda and Microsoft to solve these issues.
more effort in this review than on the game itself.....we feel for you and the hours you won't recover after this. thanks for taking the sacrifice
Ive never enjoyed an Arkane game. I love their style, ideas, atmosphere, almost everything other than their gameplay. Playing arkane games has never been fun for me.   To me they have always been trash their devs, never understood why people rave about them.
To think Crowbcat called the RE4 remake a "soulless" game when this game exists.
AAA developers, publishers, and studio heads just dont care about making games, they care about making money. AAA games have just been low quality these past several years.   Hiring some developers who probably cheated their way through college who don't actually want to develop games, outsourcing to contractors, rushing the product, get mad at playtesters for their honest feedback.... AAA gaming is dying, if you want to expand your horizons then i suggest indie games. As a solo developer myself, im surprised that these million dollar games and companies just continue to put out garbage.   That said, I cant wait for Armored Core VI
so everyones finally on ny page? there the most overrated dev around 😂 dishonerd was nothing more than a power mans bioshock with ok stealth elements 😂
This is why Microsoft is so desperate for Activision. They know they can't keep up with sony.
Microsoft and arcane need to get their stuff together... What happened to one of my favorite developers??!
As I've said  many times before, i think this game is a product of executive/corporate influence.  In a manner similar to 76 I believe that executives pushed Arkane to make a multiplayer experience to appeal to wider audiences and sell more copies, because while Arkane's other games like Dishonoured and Prey are absolute masterpieces of stealth and immersive-sim gameplay, they have a somewhat niche audience and appeal, compared to a cooperative shooter experience.  This is yet another example of what happens when you give a primarily single player game studio , a multiplayer game to make -- I don't think dev time was an issue here (because Redfall was seemingly in development for 5 years), rather I think the studio didnt have the expertise or interest to make a multiplayer looter shooter.  This genre of game is such an odd departure from their usual games, that it's hard to beleive that they genuinely wanted to make something like this -- especially since Redfall looks mechanically neutered in terms of it's powers compared to Dishonoured and Prey.  Even Deathloop , which i think was Arkane's first miss, is much more mechanically sound and fun compared to Redfall.  Be it Machine games and wolfenstein youngblood, Bethesda ganne stuios and Fallout 76, Bioware and Anthem, and now Arkane and Redfall -- pushing Single player studios to develop multiplayer-centric experiences just does not work. Give these talented studios the freedom they deserve to make the games they want.
I can’t believe they charged $70 for this. More sad I wasted $70 on it. The gunplay, frame rate, and atrocious AI leave it feeling like a 360 game
Tape recordings were done best in Bioshock
The crazy well done part of this video is that the tone of your voice matches exactly like what this game is. You never really talk in this tone. It is always a bit more upbeat. Just a bit more.
I feel so bad for Arkane. Prey is amazing, best System Shock-like since System Shock 2, and Dishonored is great too.
They're charging $70 for this game..just let that really sink in.....seventy....dollar....game
Vampire: Bloodhunt has better storytelling than this by a *mile* and thats a Battle Royale game!  A Battle Royale with immense passion behind it, but a BATTLE ROYALE has better vampire narrative than this...
Stop stop Redfall's already dead...  Oh who I am kidding go all in on this mess.
Is it Microsoft’s goal to make gamepass profitable by cutting down budgets and everything of their games?  At this moment it seems that if you want high quality expensive games you have to buy them because it is not going to be a standard for subscription services.  Was Sony Right?
When all your best devs leave and interns have to work on a game
This game target market is not gamers. But I have no idea who their target is making this game.
The game is clearly not finished and rushed out. Thank you for playing because now I don't need too. Why is this still happening pc gaming is in such a poor state now.
You are a true shill
Gone are the days of Gears of War and Halo (before Halo 4 etc.) now we have shite like *THIS* to look forward to as far as Xbox exclusives go, wtf man, what the actual fuck were they thinking even releasing this game, and on top of that even going as far as selling it for *70 freaking dollars.*
this looks awful, but to be honest was anyone excited for it anyway?
Great review.
Another "quality" xbox exclusive, ladies and gentlemen. Oh, and 30 fps on the migthy tower of power or whatever people call the Series X. Meanwhile, the "weak" PS5 runs Horizon Forbidden West at 70-80 fps unlocked with graphics 10x better that this.
Xbox with another banger of an exclusive as always - truly the console you felt like you had to buy since your friends had one
Ouch.... To be honest it's impossible to disagree with any of the reviews or criticism leveled at the game. It is however not as horrifically bad as I was expecting after watching reviews. A 5 or 6 maybe? It's just all the more disappointing because it's Arkane, it's 70 quid in the UK and it's a first party triple A title from a lead developer now exclusive to Microsoft.... And it just isn't anywhere near good enough. But to be fair this review was pretty entertaining and sounds like Shillup at least had a bit of fun writing this one!
I've seen people actually defending this game on twitter. Saying that gamers are just toxic and leave bad reviews without playing the game. Saying that we are bashing on devs making games ''for our entetainment''.  I wonder what arguements these guys will bring up against videos such as this Very well made vid displaying all the flaws and emptiness of the game
The tone of this is soooo telling!
I'm reporting this video for misinformation.
Arkane is dead. Such a fucking shame. They were one of my favorite studios and Dishonored and Prey are absolute gems.
Can't front, I feel like most of arkanes games kinda blow. Was not surprised this ended up the way it did. I'm just glad they can finally wipe their hands clean of it. Although it looks bad, this is what can happen when MS lets devs do what they want. Hopefully they learn that you can't be afraid to pull the reigns when clearer direction is obviously needed lol.
at least this game made you laugh and  bedazzled by how shit it is. good of you to make people aware of not wasting money on this bullshit...
5:36 “you really need to press this d*ck to get it to do anything”
This makes me sad
I'm sad to say this, but this... collosal failure might mean the end of Arkane Studios. Let's just collectively agree to ignore its very existence (like with *that* movie) and allow the developers to carry on with their work. Thank you.
Redfall is definitely one of the games of 2023
I am also BEYOND tired of "writing on a wall, usually in blood," as a kind of world building.
I wonder what shit Arcane was smoking when they decided to waste their time on this rather than Dishonored 3 or Prey 2 which people actually want
Choo-Choo Charles was more competent, accomplished and engaging. That was made by one guy.
Honestly i'm surprised you weren't already worried about Starfield. This is Todd Howard we're talking about. A man who hasn't released a game, that actually works on release, in living memory.  A man who actively lied to his playerbase multiple times and yet, somehow, people still praise him. God knows how he keeps getting away with it but I fully expect that Starfield will be the same sorry state that Skyrim was when it came out.
Ty
We got this instead of Prey 2…
We appreciate your sacrifice having to play all these god awful "AAA" games for our enjoyment.
The videogame version of when a TV sitcom can no longer be bothered to give a damn. Tragic
you know he wasnt excited about this when there are no intro, cool transitions but only a luke stephen title
Starfield will be fine right…….right??
I don't think I've ever seen such a big discrepancy between the level of art in interiors and exteriors. Footage of people playing in indoor spaces make me want to play this to be in those spaces but its wild how much it falls apart the second you step outside
This is so painful to watch!! Going back to Prey.
A reviewer so good I'll set aside half an hour of my time to listen to his take on a terrible game I have no intention of buying
Oh god this video is going to be something special, I know it.
I was honestly going to give GamePass a go when I heard RedFall was coming out and was excited to play, considering it came out on my Bday as well. I've honestly received more enjoyment just watching all the different review videos of this catastrophe 😂
holy shit, ChillUp destroyed them
Pulled a cyber punk
I'm not sorry I made fun of that IGN person. I make no appologies for anyone complaining about controllers in FPS on PC.
I got stuck at the 10:00 mark as well, couldn't find the key for the safe house or the key to the radio room, gave up on the safe house and spent like 10 minutes looking radio room key. At first i thought i could find secret paths, vents or something but realized that there was only one way and that was with a key, kinda gave up playing the game not long after.  Pray was one of my favourite games of 2017 and the mooncrash dlc was honestly one of the most fun roguelite games i played in a long time. I wasn't a big fan of deathloop but i can see it being a fun game to others just like how i could see some people not liking pray but almost all their games allow us to approach combat in different ways and its shocking that redfall lacks that.   Arkane released Arx Fatalis and dark messiah, two games i could argue were designed around player choice and freedom to approach however you want, i remember playing dark messiah and thinking it would be a typical rpg game but man was i wrong, i went into fights like i was a mage or warrior and got my ass handed to me. It  wasn't until i started playing like a underhanded cheat that the combat really clicked and the creative ways to approach combat is something i don't think we seen since and it was one of my favourite parts of the game aside from the succubus.   Im disappointed that arkane even released a game like this where i didn't really feel like i could approch the combat in any unique or different way. All i could really do was sneak or go in guns blazing, there was no real alternate paths to take and there is no point in sneaking since the ai is braindead half the time. I hope arkane gets on the right track and releases a good game soon, they are one of my favourite developers and have put out some fantastic games and would hate to see them go downhill like some other devs.
Countdown to crowbcat has begun.
I knew this game was gonna be hot dog water, man i hate being right all the time.
My biggest question is what was this game before Microsoft bought them  because this game feels like there's no passion in it. They just dumped a bunch of things together and said let's go.
Il tell you what happened. Microsoft buys arkane then forces them to make a piece of shit live service game, crushing their souls in the process. This is the result  when arkane have no passion for what they are making. Microsoft should sell xbox because they have zero love for games and it will only get worse
I haven't laughed this much for a while. RIP Arkane you did some good games.
The marketing for this game is so good. The game they are showing in that looks responsive, interesting, and full of really cool gameplay moments. The reality is so divorced from that it's like looking at a completely different game. I'm impressed the marketers have been able to distill honey from tar, I'm upset the company allowed them to do so. I didn't think it could get worse than Anthem. Holy shit.
Makes me sad cuz when i first heard about the game it sounded amazing, seemed like something a lot of us wanted.  Makes me happy cuz as a Ps5 owner, i didnt have the chance to bu this and be pissed
lmao getting enemies stuck on a chair. they got enemy design from old school runescape
This looks like it was made by a motivated but not exactly tallented single person that got inspired by Arcane games. Not a studio.
Thank you for talking about the controller itself. By the time you move it is way too fast and you cant really adjust anything. That reason alone had me stop playing within the first 30 minutes. I will usually keep playing a shooter as long as the controls are decent and the shooting feels decent.
That 70 biliion dollars they were buying activision with could be reinvested to massively increase the quality of their current line up. Why did psychonauts 2 only have a budget of 13 million. It was a fantastic game but it should have directly competed with Ratchet and Clank: Rift apart which had significantly higher production values.  Hellblade 2 should compete directly with God of War.  Where are the Xbox blockbusters. The kind of games where you feel like you're going through a cutting edge experience discovering what the next state of gaming is  . Sony has those Xbox has Forza and A Plague Tale thats it.  Think about this Xbox has franchises in the same vein as Sony exclusives but they just don't bother to put in the same effort
absolutely SCATHING. A necessary review, though. Thanks for all you do.
I just need to know how it got like this. Are they trying to burn the company to the ground
I cancelled my gamepass subscription and I'm seriously contemplating selling my Series X. I really don't see any reason to own one.
Shillup’s tone throughout this had me in stitches 😂 damn
This game being awful stings. Prey (2017) was an underrated masterpiece and knowing this was Arkane Austin’s follow up is sad and incredibly disappointing. A lot of disappointing and unfinished games come out nowadays, but it hits different when it comes from a critically acclaimed studio with a great track record.
I remember playing Dishonored when it was on "Free with Gold".  I didn't much like the artstyle, but I could see the fun to be had in it.  Now, I'm sad I got to see what Arkane was, because it makes what they became with this game all the more heartbreaking.
What an embarrassment coming from the studio that delivered Prey (I think their working title was Psychoshock/Xenoshock), one of the greatest immsersive sims I've ever played. I really hope they get to make their next passion project.
The whole game looks absolutely uninspired & boring af. Im sorry for anyone who is wasting time or money on this bs.
The beginning of this video sounds like a eulogy.
it fails because its woke
Did everyone just forget how good deathloop was? Thiis is the same
its a joy watching fan boys try to prop this up its awful stop being silly
Lol at all you xbox fools and arkane sucks every thing they put out is just trash all of their games have the worst ai
Game is fucking awesome y’all are just a bunch of haters
Thank you for thoroughly documenting this garbage release.
My favourite reviewer
If you see this IGN dude, I would like to add my apologies to the mix. You're not a meme, this game is.
in the future, if Starfield is as bad as RedFall or worse, I can hear Skill Up screaming "Noooo"
I was going to say the game wasn't awful then you showed the Rook....🤣🤣🤣🤣 The game hasn't been awful, but it's a waste of time for sure.
And to think I wasn't interested in playing this game because I'm not really interested in vampires
Are we sure this was supposed to be AAA?  This is clearly AA levels. I mean, that whole voice-over holograph thing is so cheap and at home in an indie title.
Oh my god hi fi rush might actually become GOTY
- Character Kits are so *anemic* I see what you did there
Yaay, he mentioned the other catastrophe of a videogame he plays constantly!
This is a 69.99€ euro game on steam. Jesus Christ. If this is the kind of garbage that price gets you. AAA gaming is dead for me.
unforuntately steel series headphones are crap.
I actually cannot believe that Dead Island 2 came out to be the much better game over Redfall, I mean really, what? When did the timeline divergence happen that landed us in this one?
As soon as you started with that there is no animated cut scenes, but rather those shifting stills cut scenes, I immediately winced as I knew that was a sign that they did not care about the story they are trying to tell. That alone tells me this is going to be a bad game. Such a pity.
Best videogame review channel on YouTube and it isn't even close!
Played 4 missions... Never touching it again 😂 The frame time inconsistency is absolutely ABISMAL! This game has so many issues, but most importantly IT'S NOT EVEN FUN
I'd like to know the story of what happened with this one.
Yea I dunno.. I think pretty much all developers but JP are too busy being preoccupied with their tiktoks and only actively work when their supervisor rolls around .. is like the only thing I could think of when seeing such a travesty of a finished product like this and some of the other releases lately, like cyberpunk..  really speaks to developers ‘passion’ for creating video games.. everyone seems to be putting forth this crap on day 1, and spending tons more time patching or updating the content as time goes by.. that should never be a thing.. what happened to releasing a finished game, full of end game content, customizable features and replay ability options contained Within the base game?? Literally any play-tester who got hands on with this dumpster coulda relayed these glaring issues and that the vampires literally look like some shotty ps3, or worse, level models. With all the many many examples of decent fps games on the market, it’s almost like, everything’s been done for u, the highlights to obtain are alrdy out there, just implement them in ur game and put ‘ur own spin’ on it.. and yet here we are..   Yet another reason why I’m sick of fps’s.. so bland and ‘dime a dozen’.
Wonder if this was farmed out to the same third party group that made Aliens Colonial Marines?
Man I really love dishonored 1 and 2, they are the only games I've ever replayed. Dishonored might actually be what got me more interested in gaming as a whole tbh. It's sad to see how far Arkane have fallen...
.....& they had the audacity to charge AU$120 for this hot garbage!!!!
"at least the moon ain't ruined" 🤣
Ironic that as soon as you mentioned immersive sim elements the video cut to an ad. Seems to sum up the game well 😅
My expectations were met with pitiful disappointment in this game!
This is what Arnita S. And DEI single handedly killing a studio. No wonder all the good talent left.
Your aiming keeps going after you stop moving the stick. There is an option that can be turned off that helps but doesn't totally fix it
It's like devs forgot how to program, wth is going on?  I do better AI by myself on unreal engine.
Anyone out there want to give thoughts and prayers for Arkane Studios?
Microsoft desperately needs someone like Shuhei Yoshida, who we all know as this "nice guy", but is actually known to be EXTREMELY demanding and brutally critical, so much so he once did a visit to Santa Monica and told people God of War 2018 was a terrible game and needed to be pretty much remade 😂
Genuinely can't remember the last time a game came out working and as advertised
Man comparing Prey's stellar intro to Redfall's literal Powerpoint Presentation cinematics is just depressing... What the hell went wrong with this game, this is not Arkane quality whatsoever
This game reeks of game dev hell that hasn't been talked about yet. Kinda like Anthem.
Prey and the two Dishonored games feel a long time ago after this and the overrated garbage fire which was Deathloop
So out of character for Arkane, I don't understand what happened here. I was really looking forward to this
Skill Up thanks for what you do putting out reviews like this and holding these companies accountable. It's sad to see this game being promoted as a flagship AAA experience from Xbox. Growing up in the 2000s Xbox had bangers and great games. Aside from a few outliers, Xbox hasn't produced any great games this generation. Gamepass seems to be the only good thing they have going for them.
Agree with the Jedi comparison. Its a fantastic game burried in bugs that will get fixed. There is no fixing this unless you do a complete overhaul to the game itself. I hope Arkane just moves on and focuses their talent on the next thing.
In the long list of compromises, no one thing seems like a deal breaker on it's own. Until you realize we aren't getting anything in return for all these compromises.
At least they fulfilled their diversity quotas, so what does it matter that the game isn't really good?
Bethesda have become pure cancer under Todd Howard, the biggest bullshit artist gaming has ever seen. Arkane fucked up hard getting into bed with them.
Man, you can really feel the disappointment in Ralph's voice. And I can't blame him.
From the Dishonored series and Prey to this. Is it so hard for the executives to understand no one wants half baked looter shooters anymore.
Honestly, it's a little sad to see Arkane hit these kinds of lows. I would have freakin' died for a new Prey or Dishonored. So sad.   Feel like a new gaming crash is coming.
After the Cyberpunk debacle, publishers started pushing their game back to polish them a bit. For, like, maybe 2 years, we had less janky games at release. Didn't take long for them to stop giving a shit again.  🎵"Let's all laugh at an industry that never learns anything teeheehee."🎵  At least now we know that Arkane should stick with single player games, even if that's not what the big wigs want. Maybe they even sabotaged this one on purpose.
Just look at what has happened to Halo, and to a lesser extent, Gears. Microsoft has little to no quality control.   The fact that they have allowed 343 to ram the Halo franchise into the ground as hard as they have is as baffling to me as Disney’s treatment of the Star Wars franchise.
😂Nothing your saying is not true, yet im having a balll with this game.  As for that key part i used Dev's teleport throw the window. Never needed a key. Arkain elements are there but this game needed another year or two in the oven. Shame cause this could have been really really good.
I'm not some knee-jerk IGN hater, but I don't think they deserve an apology. If the game is so fucking bad, THEY SHOULD SAY SO, instead of protecting companies they're supposed to be critiquing.
I just don't understand how this game looks so bad.. One the things Arkane does best is creating visually appealing enviroments. Go look at any given area in Prey, or Dishonored, and you will find extremely detailed, stylized, gorgeous design. This game looks so flat and unfinished. Somehow this game manages to look worse than Dishonored 1, and that game is over 10 years old.
I really appreciate your honest and unbiased reviews and for that reason I subscribed
I’m so proud of you the dedication determination & motivation you have to constantly post is everything and entertain your audience at the same time especially when you are juggling multiple different platforms !!! You make it look so easy and effortless
Prey on a home theater was a great experience.
Just a reminder - this game costs 70$.
So great that this is normal for developer's to release absolute garbage, can't wait for the future.
This has all the hallmarks of a game rushed and developed by the executive board, cant wait for the exposé
The perfect quote doesn’t exi- “If a developer can’t be bothered to finish their game, then why should I?” 👌
I love that a new viewer to the channel is gonna think ShillUp has the most awkward transitions on YouTube.
Thank you Skill Up for playing this game so we don’t have to.
Classic attack to kill a vampire, reaven to the eye.
Thanks to this failure, people mentioning Prey and Dishonored that are good games. So, I searched and Prey is in my library, probably at some point was on ps+, so I downloaded and playing it now, it is good so far. Im liking it. Next I will purchase Dishonoured
Microsoft is so afraid of the backlash they would receive if they *God forbid*  requested a little bit of extra work to wrap up a game to be feature complete and playable. Redfall even got a delay just like halo and the game released like this, so instead of being a boss to their studios, microsoft lets the devs walk all over them, and the developers know they can get away with this.
people should stay away from this game even after they patch it numerous times. we can't let AAA studios get away with that tactic to buy time.
Jurassic park guy said it best....." That is one big pile of shit ".
Gamepass is the problem.  There’s no motivation to put out a great game because people say ‘well its on Gamepass so I’m fine with this’ .  Santa Monica spent $300m on Ragnarok and they know they have to put out a top quality game for people to spend $70, otherwise they’re f**d.  We get 1/3 of a Halo game and now this garbage??  I’m cancelling my Gamepass.
arkane sabatoging microsoft confirmed ???
Maybe i'm just old but i've seen this coming from a year ago. I just want to know who's idea was to have Arkane make this shit.
Those stealth kills are fkn hilarious 😂🫡😂
When you think that this developer created prey And then this garbage it's Unthinkable
Rip arcane  It's the same as Anthem for bioware and Fallout 76 for Bethesda ... Tbh i disliked deathloop as well, but this is worse
Guys you think he liked it 😭
Okay hear me out. Arkane was paid to take a dive for the Blizzard purchase.  Microsoft needed to provide proof that don't have an endless supply of quality AAA games from first party devs.
At this point it's 50/50 whether Starfield will be passable or just bad.
Reviews an Xbox exclusive Uses a stock photo of a guy holding a playstation controller Basically the worst review of all time
17:51 "Stop me, if u can". No need for that, the chair did a pretty good job. If this is the level of xbox exclusives, sony has already won.
Games like these NEED good AI. This is so bad.
Lmfaoooo guess it’s Xbox year… ROFL 😂😭😂😭💀💀💀💀
I believe that Arkane wants to go the CDPR path. Even Age of Wonders 4 is broken lol. A week of 3 AAA broken releases.
We all know Vampire Survivors is the best "vampire" game recently, and that game technically doesn't even have a vampire (unless you count the one in the menu)
You describing the movie theater mission is one of the most miserable things I've ever heard. That's something you'd expect from an $8 indie horror game on steam. And this is $70. BASE.
I initially thought microsoft would "fix" activision deal with the merger, now is clear that they wouldn't have done that at all.
If this what stands for the "vampire gods" then they are weak gods.
Redfall is a Sony inside job  *tips tin foil hat* xD
what's going on with game releases this year?
So this is the power of X, huh?
did arkane really make this game or are they disguising other studio work as their own?????? I really want it to be the second case for their own sake.
I don't think videogames, of the AAA variety, has ever been in this dire state. Thank god for indies.
You would think this game was developed from some people who graduated from Full Sail University or the art institute
"Stop me if you can!"
I FUCKING CALLED THAT IGN GAMEPLAY. I asked somewhere if it was the ign player or if the games honestly that shit. That person deserves a public apology to every human who gave them shit
Man, this game is garbage
I was never going to play this game but I could not wait to watch the Skill Up review for it!!
I'm really happy we are getting games like this, because people who preorder won't learn any other way, and companies will stop shipping shit games at launch when people stop preordering
3:38 man the scale is waaaay off, dude is smaller than a fule cabinet lololol!!!
Its sad that Gamepass its getting filled with first party thats totally bland, boring and honestly just junk... or worse, people defending this game instead of asking for a refund of their $70 or $100 depends of the version they bought.   I give this game a year before the servers shut down.
To be honest he took it pretty easy on that piece of shit game, i hope someone goes on record and asks the devs what they were thinking.
Can't believe devs in 2023 don't offer the level of customisation for controller like Apex Legends. ALC should be an industry standard by now...
Every word I hear about this game feels like a steak to my heart. Arkane is much better than this, and I just don't understand what went wrong with Redfall. Let's just hope this was an exception and that they'll go back to making masterpieces.
Yeah... it's a Xbox exclusivity ! What did you expect ?? A good game ?
gods it makes me so sad to see Arkane make something so…awful. I rly rly hope that they don’t get shut down or merged into another studio, but honestly maybe Raphael Colantonio leaving was a sign that things would end up like this.   if Arkane’s listening, i’d rly like a Dishonoured game set in Tyvia as your next project (imagine the immersive sim possibilities with a setting that’s bitterly cold and snowy!)
Honestly, I felt like the writing was on the wall for this one from the moment it was revealed. The continued insistence that it "carried Arkane DNA", whilst simultaneously: not showing a single iota of immersive sim elements; bland direction; cookie-cutter character and ability design, really should have tipped more people off earlier, imo. This isn't just a performance, polish or bug problem - the design of this title is compromised from the ground up. A shame.
if hifi rush, a game microsoft had 0 expectations, ends up being their best output this year, holy shit(i feel bad for hifi being only on xbox and pc tbh, it deserved a bigger audience)
Pretty sure this game sucks because it was made by woke people and diversity hire people.
I have never heard you sound so bummed in having to publish this review. So disappointing to see a studio like this put something out so poor.
At this point it's possible that xbox forced arcane to churn out an exclusive in a 2 year cycle so that they had something to show . The fact that it's the same developer  who developed dishonored just leads me to the conclusion that this game was made in a very rushed 2 year dev cycle and a really tight budget to boot ,showcased by the lack of animation polished and cutscene. I won't say I was waiting for an arcane game ,but damn it feels bad cause they just pumped out a goty just a year or so prior to this dumpster fire .
Was really looking forward to this game but I trust your reviews and the effort you put into showing up the real problems of the game
Bloody hell, what a shit show..
I give up on Microsoft. All those studios and and all that money and shit like this drops. They have no idea what they’re doing.
The crickets chirping at 8:36 seem to really represent the world design of this game.
Even if this was good it’d be crap
Don't mince words. Tell us what you really think! Haha, you are 100% correct though. What a train wreck of a game, if we can even call it that. No amount of patching can fix this thing. I don't even know why you'd play it. I do wonder if this is going to start to be a AAA trend more and more though: for budget reasons (ie, more profit), release lower and lower quality games at higher and higher prices. Obviously, this is already a thing, but it is taken to an extreme here, to the point that indie games for much less cost are far, far better.
Truly a contender for this year's game of the year award. Jaw dropping good graphics, revolutionary ai, stunning cutscenes, fluid gunplay and compelling story and dialogue. This is truly Arkane's best work. 11/10.
Dark Messiah, Dishonored 1 and 2, Prey, Deathloop - I've loved every one of these games. Redfall is a titanic disappointment.
As long as so many keep preording games, this will keep happening, If people stopped these companies literally couldn't afford to release games in shitty states
Redfall is the worst thing to happen to vampires since garlic
Wow, this is actually piss poor...what is going on in AAA games?
3:41 that is a tiny human being.  have they never been next to a filing cabinet? also, what the wtf is a metal lathe chillin' in an office for?  lots of oil and smoke come off those machines, not to mention hot metal chips; fire hazard anyone?
Here's the thing. Jedi Survivor is already on it's way to being fixed. This can't be.
Im getting a hard *skip* vibe from this review 😂 wasnt really that into this one at all glad to see my intuition was correct, thanks for the in-depth review must have been painful
This feels like a crowbcat video, but with effort.
Say what ya want about 76, but at least the world had a lot of detail and interesting environments. This feels more like a Twilight Zone set.
It's actually sad the state of video games nowadays
It looks like an xbox 360 game. How could this be released for $70 in 2023? What a joke.
Needing to stay put in order to listen to an audio log...in a game with a heavy focus on co-op play. Arkane is one of the last studios I expected to put out something this half-assed.
The true immersive sim was the development. The devs were challenged to mess the game up in many creative ways
This review is a brutal, brutal checklist of grievances. Let's see Arkane blame these on Windows 10.
It is a BETA. Todays game are betas for us to test for our 70 USD
This game on a 12900k and a 4090 is horrible extreme frame drops and stuttering
Damn, @skillup didn't hold any punches.. good work my man. Kudos to you for pointing out who's fault it was on the horrible gameplay footage from IGN not many would have done that.
This game should have been cancelled a year ago. It feels like a repeat of FO76--I don't think Arkane wanted to make this game and you can tell.
This is what happens when reviewers loved Deathloop which was a far step back from Dishonored and Prey. It basically gave them the green light on releasing an even more half baked game.
Somehow I feel like it's an Anthem-scenario, where they didn't even have an actual game until like 12 months ago or so lol. Also sorry IGN dude, we had no idea :D
Can you imagine indie budget still-style cutscenes in 70 dollah AAA game? That's insulting AF
I've never played destiny but any bit of lance  is worth it even if it's a tiny clip...  Also tape and chicken wire is alot stronger than this game comes across. Does seem they saw the sales of fallout 76 and said "this is a great idea"
He failed to acknowledge the "diversity and inclusion" of the game, which is the only important thing in the world.  Arkane is not the Arkane that made the first Dishonored anymore. Get woke, go broke. Anyway, no cutscenes is a plus.
It’s beyond obvious that leaders at Arkane completely checked out after the MS acquisition. They’re probably waiting for the retention period to be over to get their fat bonus and then dip.
No apologies for the IGN player. Bad controls don't make you throw proximity mines in an open field with no enemies around.
I've honestly haven't had any problems with it.
The editing in this video felt a bit off, did Austin not edit this?
This feels like Arkane had an awesome idea for a game, but publisher and corporate meddling did what it did best and forced them to make it a certain way to make money… so Arkane just did that. JUST that. They purposefully removed all their soul and effort from the game and decided to make what their higher-ups wanted: a bland, already done before looter shooter hero shooter.
4:37 “We owe that [IGN] person an apology” JESUS CHRIST Arkane fumbled this hard.
“Hello..”  He’s so real for that.
Not a fan then? But seriously it does look shit
Thanks for the review Skill Up. I'm still baffled by what happened with this game.
Savage and delightfully snarky review. The game deserves all the mockery it gets for the state it released in. I feel bad for the rank and file programmers and designers working on the game, i'm pretty sure they're not happy with how this turned out either.
I had a bad feeling about this game from the moment i saw the first trailer. What a depressing travesty. Bethesda should be ashamed of themselves.
maybe bugthesda will save us.
The opening cutscene has the most annoying wave crash sound effect I've ever heard in a game. It's almost like they want you to hate the game.
On brand for Xbox at this point.
Who thought this was gonna be good?
Honestly they shouldn't abandon the game just fix the bugs and perfomance issues so it isn't a scam for anyone who buys it later. Arkane studios should then abandon their support after the fixes and just move on with a new project where they can really shine with their craftmanship and developers.
Redfall Paid Beta Access Date: 5/2/23 Official Release Date: ?
“chair” is such a fascinatingly intricate tactic that only a master developer like arkane could develop. truly astonishing
this very much arkane's cyberpunk. this might be a big hit to their reputation and good will from players.
I downloaded this. Played for 5 minutes. Uninstalled. I can't remember the last time I played something so bad
I can't speak for Death Loop, but installing demos for their previous games on Playstation—man, those camera controls were horrendous. So unbelievably bad. Like, I was in disbelief, it feels like you actively have to try to implement camera controls that bad into a videogame when that ground is so well trodden by other shooters.
I dont believe any developer who worked on this, actually wanted to work on this. It has no soul, no passion was poured in this game. Its just a generic 70 USD looter shooter with cringey character dialogue and reused props. Big loss for Xbox.
I like it so I guess is your personal opinion and you should no cover the game if you don't care about it , my two cents
Your tone at the start of this video said it all
Skill Up, your tone is pissed LOL.
Was this game developed by one of the minor studios?
Honestly there is no point on getting a xbox
Very disappointing
Microsoft first party games are cursed.
These "Pandemic" games all suck.
They should have leaned into a 30 days of night mood and be serious for once. Everything has this cartoony vibe that doesn’t click at all
You did not hold back on this one. Sheesh. Welp back to my indie game.
to me it sounds like Arkane needs to stick it's guns to where it's best; away from ADS FPS shooters. apperantly they can't do it. just keep it to the more creative stuff.
Prey 2? No. Dishonored 3? lol no. This crap? Yes.
Left 4 Dev😢
This just rams a dagger into my heart. Arkanes games were top notch to a certain point, but ever since Deathloop they've really let us down. I mean, of course it's good for them to try and learn from new things, but on the other side, Arkane has been in the business for years, they've helped polish and develop a dozen games and now they're not even able to develop something good on their own.
I wonder if these game companies are doing this on purpose because they are mad that they have to put their games on Game Pass right away,  and by making a garbage game and sending it out way before they should,  will make Microsoft rethink sending so many first party titles straight to Game Pass so these companies can make more money for themselves with a wide paid release.
Wait, wasn't deathloop also arkanes screw-up ?
I'd expect something like this from a new developer, not one with such a proven track record of good game design, and even significant success. Dishonored, Prey and in particular, Mooncrash, were excellent examples of what the studio is (was?) capable of. Redfall isn't just a failure, it's an embarrassment. The violation for a standard of quality is staggering. If food was given to you in the state that this game is in, you'd immediately throw it in the garbage.  Trite writing observations: "I got hit hard and drug off." Do they mean "dragged" off? LMAO. "Brain scientist?" Like, not a specific type of science of the brain, not a particular field or specialization, just "brain scientist?" And someone got paid money to write all of this. Maybe the POV character just isn't particularly educated or intelligent? I don't know as I haven't played it... but I might just play it in order to have context as to why this is written in such a mediocre and shallow way. Especially coming from Arkane. Prey was one of my favorite games particularly because it was at least somewhat intelligent and interesting. What the fuck happened? [Death Exhalation]
Yo, you put way more effort and care into your Redfall review than the devs put into the game itself.
Take a shot whenever Destiny is mentioned
I’m convinced that Arkane just didn’t want to make this game
Man i had never imagined Arkane falling from grace
wow, that`s comically bad....
I always thought the opening in Prey 2017 was one of the coolest most cinematic openings I’ve ever seen in a video game
I can only hope this won't end up killing Arcane so that the hope of another Dishonored can live on..
Going from Burning Shores, a $20 5 hour DLC, to THIS, is laughable. What the fuck is this Microsoft doing. Redfall is an insult  Edit: because I wanna add more. A DLC that took 1/5th of the time to make is more interesting, adds MORE enemy designs than the entirety of Redfall, has deeper customization, and actually works.
Redfall is this years Cyberpunk 2077 yikes 😬 Microsoft needs to step up man!!! We demand better than this! PS5 can’t can’t be the only competition! Microsoft needs to do a 180 on the Gamepass and focus on giving us quality games! I truly hope Perfect Dark doesn’t become this trainwreck of a disaster! This is the worst Xbox generation ever!!!! Even for a console that is just as capable as the PS5 to have wonderful games with next Gen mechanics!!!
At 13:15 AJS had the same bug on their stream! :D
Loved that you vindicated the IGN player!
Coincidentally their first Xbox exclusive is a disaster 😂  The quality difference between PlayStation and Xbox is astounding
No animated cutscenes in an Arkane game?! A $70 AAA game?! The hilarious irony of collecting a film reel, fixing the movie projector, and then watching a still frame cutscene play out on the cinema screen. 😂  Bethesda Marketing/PR Department and Arkane Game Trailer Production Team Meeting: 🤥😶🤑🤥😴🥴🤑🤥🤥😵‍💫🫣🤥😱🤑🤥🤥🤑🤑😶🤥
Asus is making the best keyboards. Logitech is making the best mice.
CHAIR MVP
Uninstalled the game after 20 min. What a garbage piece of sh*t! 😢😅 OMG can't believe somebody greenlighted this turd to be released. Feels like a bad first of april joke. You thought this was a game.. hah gotcha. Its a turd. A gold wrapped turd, but still nothing more than a bloody turd. Thank- G for Xbox gamepass. Saving me from buying this doo-doo for full price. 😅😅😅
The character trailers are what put me off, it just so happened that the rest of the game was garbage too.
Good 'AAA' video games have become like looking for a diamond in a landfill
Good bye Arkane. You created greatness in your past.
Gear rarity, stats, and randomness belong only in MMO’s.
I’m a multi platform gamer who gravitates towards the Xbox Series X, however I can’t defend this. Strong first party games are long overdue, and Redfall is well below par. The Series X is an excellent console, use it to its full advantage ffs!
Going sicko mode yes ha ha ha yes
Didn't even know this game existed
Carefully crafted pile of sht.
At this point, Starfield needs to be a 13/10 game to save Xbox. Love Phil, but he needs to go. You need a mean guy to fix the problems.
Judging by the title of the video, I don’t think SkillUp liked this game very much.
Anthem all over again 😢
IGN review should’ve been someone just beating the crap out of their controller throwing it against a wall   This game is an embarrassment
The division does a better job getting in-game story through audio tracks within the world.
The irony of a review about a game with slideshows as story being delivered as a powerpoint presentation is not lost on me
lol what a shit game!
so this is basically Doom 1 except vampires.......
No guys it makes sense Obviously the watchers a vampire pirates from the 18th century who were stuck on lookout duty as barrelmen for so long the telescope got glued to their head permanently They have permanent sniper vision, a genius way to combine lore and game design 😂😂😂
Kotaku gave this a 10 … maybe… I wouldn’t know.
A coop game made by this studio sounds awesome. Guess this is the result though lol. Also after Bethesdas track record since Skyrim I am not confident in their games so we shall see.
I’m playing dead island 2 and Jedi survivor I have no time for this crap
That was a good laugh. Whelp, PC and serious "AAA" gaming has been a joke lately, I might as well play mobile gacha games. They're legitimately more trustworthy that they'll work, even if the gameplay isn't much -- Honkers Railway or whatever it's called look a lot more fun than this.  Redfail convinced me to play gacha games again and to not feel sad about not having Game Pass as a Linux player, congratulation.
You have no idea how much I appreciate your love for Prey, Ralph. It might as well be my favorite game of all time
Welcome to the age of gamepass where microsoft will push out hundreds of mind-numbing products to bolster their portfolio  Quantity over quality, the investors only need more video games, regardless of how enjoyable they are
You didn't tell me if you recommend it or not in the title :/
Sounds to me like Arkane was forced by the corporate overlords to make something they weren’t passionate about to meet the date to push out a game to make dollars for the company.
I really disagree with your opening rant about the cutscenes. Those stylized, comic book style cutscenes can absolutely be great. Think of inFamous 1 and 2, those cutscenes set the mood so damn well, but I do agree that there are some high action moments that are harder to pull of in them, so they could have used a few other types of cutscenes. But still, really weird for a full minute of ranting....
Wolfenstein: Young Blood now is not so bad right? Huh.
Reminds me of the Gearbox Alien game.
I saw that stealth kill and all I could think about was how the blow hit their leg. Almost wanted the death noise to be, "MY LEG!" Would have been better than that little whimper.
TL:DR:  Go and play Dead Island 2. It feels more like an Arkhane Game than this and is better in every way 😂
I WAS WAITING FOR THIS AND U NEVER DISSAPOOINT ME
Prey (2017) is one of my favourite games ever. I guess there's a reason why Raphael Colantonio left Arkane after that. A sign of things to come. Arkane was once known for some of the most unique games on the market, but Redfall looks like the most generic game I could imagine.
Anyone surprised at the state of redfall needs to learn to read the writing when it’s on the wall
😂😂😂 the stealth mechanic😂😂😂
I've pretty much enjoyed every game from arkane that i've played so far.  DIshonored 1 & 2 (even finished both of them without killing a single enemy), Prey and Deathloop.    Really fun games.   This? This is heartbreaking to say the least. What the hell were they thinking? It totally feels like they were trying to create a liveservice bullshit game but decided to shift to a more story driven experience but all of that in about 2 weeks prior to release. Awful.
Such a shame.. I wanted this to be good a modern vampire game with powers and immersive sim levels of design and story? With Cultists and conspiracy? It could have been great.
I would now like to talk about how greatful I am for preventing me from purchasing this pile of shit.
The fact that they have the confidence to ask 70 to a 100 bucks for the game is the reason why this gen has been really disappointing so far.
@13:03 is gold
I mean who lead this game? Didn’t you see what was happening?
Can’t wait for the next WolfEye Studios game because looks like that’s where the writing talent went lmao
The ign video does make sense now
Oh my God this video is the best in showcasing this shit show, now I'm even more disappointed and pissed off. And all this for 70 ? 🤦‍♂️🤬
I literally couldn’t believe this game when I played it. Fucking ELDEN RING has better stealth gameplay.   And the stick dead zones, my god.
I'll just pick my good old PS2 and play Darkwatch instead.
I don't think I've ever heard SkillUp this upset and hopeless about a game. I thought Deathloop was pretty bad, I had no idea they would fall this low. Xbox really needs to overhaul the way they do things because this just isn't acceptable in 2023.
Game of the year material baby
Couldn't go 2 minutes without a Destiny reference 😅
I think the art style we see at the beginning is actually pretty cool. I think it would have worked well if they went all in with that instead of doing the cheap still shots.
The game looked shit early on. I don't know why people brought this.
Really do hope the IGN reviewer gets redeemed after this.
Arkane fell off
How is this POS averaging above a 5.0 review score?
Skill Up on a roll!
Wasn't really keeping up with this game because I have a PS5 and don't play much co-op, but it's so disappointing to see Arkane beef it this bad. I loved the Dishonored games. They were so alive and encouraged creative approaches. Honestly mystifying that they messed this up in these specific ways. Thanks for the review, Skill Up.
Xbox is done
10:48 I actually SNORTED at this sequence. Amazing edit!
I sense some Robocop efficiency in this review.
There's something going on at Microsoft. It isn't normal for a studio to go from making some of the most critically acclaimed games of the generation to some Steam early access crap.
I love all the shills praising how immersive the setting is lolol. Ok guys , thanks for the review Ralph.
Don't worry bro, Starfield will be good. Don't worry bro true story. If Starfield is good it makes up for a decade of Microsoft bombs, bro, trust me.
No wonder why most devs left the studio.
The Dead Island 2 comparisons I think are very important, how did these two games come out in the complete opposite states to how they would've been expected to
For some reason, I thought you're review was going to start with, "Redfall? More like Redfail! Amirite?!"
I'm calling it rn. Starfield will be unpolished,unfinished garbage like most of Bethesda's games 😂
I loved Prey and it's easily in my top 50 of all time, but the more I think about it, enemy AI was kinda sucky in that game too but it didn't seem all that important because enemies were just monsters aimlessly wondering around. Perhaps they should just stick to non-humanoid antagonism that doesn't rely on logical behaviour.
Deliver Us Mars have more cutscenes than this garbage 3A game.
When the ps5 pro hits shelves, I am switching sides. No regrets.
Dang man, chair is the new meta.
It's honestly impressive the ambition and scope to craft a massive miss like this.
Holy shit the dude at the dumpster LMFAO
It's a good thing that Arkane has a few great games under its belt, otherwise a release like this would have most people write them off as scam artists.
The (intentionally) horribly bland introduction - including the section dividers - REALLY got my attention that something was very, very wrong with this game.  And…yikes. Message received. 😰   Well played (…conveyed?).
To be fair to the devs of this, that roadmap could be the reason this is a beta quality release. Like maybe the plan was Early Access, and then all these  million different issues could be solved over time. I'm sure the perks'll get rebalanced, they can improve AI over time etc.   Since we trust Arkane, we can imagine that they will improve it over time. Shame it blows balls on first release.
I expected it to be bad before the release but it being THIS bad is actually pathetic. You would think they couldn't make it any worse after Youngblood but here we are.  Perhaps we should've been harsher on Youngblood and Deathloop
Wow
This game looks like shite
Wow, I’m speechless. What a joke of a game, a slap in the face to all their customers. Xbox is not a serious game studio and has no idea what quality means, they’re ruining game studios. I’m actually shocked. It’s not just bugs, it’s the game design that is weak as weak can be. Horrible.
I like the art direction and the strange but cool arkane world building vibe. but everything else is very messy, especially the performance and UI. also the world is strangely empty. the dishonored levels or the small but intricate worlds of deathloop and prey were way better
This game has thrown together in six months energy
Fuck this, I refunded after watching your review about this!   Nope, I'm gonna just go back to Dead Island 2 and make a new character.
That stealth kill animation actually make me gasp out loud in horror.
R.I.P. Arkane 1999-2017
i beat the first boss, sighed, deleted the game and redownloaded dishonored 1. deathloop was already a miss, but i still felt compelled to finish it. this shit ain’t worth it
Wow, at this point, G̶a̶r̶ Starfield is gonna have to do a LOT of heavy lifting for Xbox/Microsoft in September!  EDIT: WELL....I dunno what I expected! ffs! xD
Hmmmm.....i know nothing about Redfall. Maybe start to explain what that game tries/wants to be before the hole shitstorm. It feels like i missed the first 10 minutes.
It’s the non-cutscene storyboards Loll … so ratchet… should’ve released the game at $40 if they didn’t want to finish it …. Let’s start normalizing not every game will be worth $70 !!!
Im having fun, its an old school fps, silly dumb fun, but should have been a 40 dollar game
Another win for xbox! So happy for Uncle Phil and all the work and hard decisions he has to make.
That's a burn of a review/ they not coming back from this one "Arcane"
Hahahahaha 😂 How embarrassing!  I have it downloaded, but don’t think I will bother starting it.
Wow, it even worse than I expected. What a piece of shit.
Brutal and beautiful, love the review. Thanks for the detailed guide on defeating the Rook, I think I got the steps down!
Like you said, we all owe IGN an apology. Now it’s clear why the footage was so bad — the game is just that bad.
It is absolutely crazy how many Xbots are saying this game is good, people are overreacting and Microsoft doesn't have a first part game problem. The amount of absolute COPIUM Xbots are huffing is actually sad at this point. They're took so much, they are COPIUM junkies.
This is a STRONG review title. Never seen a title this harsh before on this channel
Yesterday, my follow list on twitch was full of Redfall streams. Today, the only one in the list streaming it was Bethesda ...
I appreciate that we can all publicly apologize to the IGN person. 🥲🥲🥲☠☠☠🤍
I love how defeated he sounds
Holy shit. Watching the litany of games come out recently that have been half-assed or hamstrung in performance makes me think that people DID hear the feedback that games "took too long to come out" or what the fuck ever and decided that games could just come out a year or two before they were even remotely ready. This and Jedi: Survivor(which sees frame drops down past 30 goddamn FPS on a PS5, is this fucking 2013?) are staggeringly bad. I might just go full indie at this clip.
Gotta love that great xbox management
I hope the arkane team that worked on this got their families back safe and sound.
It's like the crime scene of a murder. Sad to see the state of this game.
Wow……just wow 👏🏻
We could've had Dishonored 3...
Tried it with a friend last night (thank you, Game Pass).  The only fun thing I found was something I'm not sure was intended.  I played as the (incredibly annoying) Rami, whose abilities are a robot pet that can act as a decoy/distraction, and C4.  By accident, I tossed a C4 pack such that it stuck to the robot.  The result?  Robot suicide bomber.
I love how you started off with the "super bored monotone presenter" voice, and barely lasted 2 sentences before you fell back into your normal voice haha
I'm team videogame but Microsoft did shadow drop a bangers like hi Fi rush
This would have been better as the left for dead clone we were all afraid it would be
its actually so funny that he barely put any care into editing the video for this game because they barely put any effort into this game. It fits perfectly
prey an dishonored leave the chat
Wow, Ralph sounds so depressed in this video…
One of the game of all time
Arkane’s one of the worst modern studios in my opinion.  Redfall and Deathloop are two of the worst modern games and Prey was mid at best.
Arkane has fallen off hard man... You hate to see it.
This game reeks of some corpo overlord using some maximize earning potential models on this poor, poor game and studio.
tried playing this last night...its now on my list of fastest uninstalled games.. barren and unweildy controls is how I would describe it... Also noteable, the intro "cutscene" was so bad i skipped it the first play through... I love Arkane studios...prey is one of a my favorites. this game felt gave up on by devs and packaged up for customers... like a back school art project that didn't go as plan but still has to be turned in.
When IGN and the game reviewer weren't at fault. Damn, we've reached that point.
I love Arkane so much, deathloop, prey and dishonored are some of my absolute favorites. But I'm not picking up this garbage. This doesn't feel like arkane, it feels like a shitty copycat. Literally their games are MADE to let you do what you want with the door, this isn't arkane. I don't want to believe it, but I have to. Wtf?
Looks like some kind of 40K gun, exploding car in two rounds.
This game doesn’t look/plays/feels nothing like Deathloop which I actually enjoyed for the most part. Which is odd because you’d think they’re just build on what they accomplished in that game but then I realized this game was made by Arkane Austin and not Arkane Lyon who did Deathloop. Regardless of who developed it, this is a horrendous zit on Xbox and I’m now embarrassed to own one.
Still having fun with the game.  Playing co-op mainly and we just got to the 2nd map
It's inexcusable this game came out in this state from any developer let alone arcane
“An absolute catastrophe?” Seems a little much. From what I’ve seen, it’s just an Arkane game that hit below their usual mark.
The clip of the human and the shotgun is hilarious
You all need to calm down. The make is not a disaster as some reviewers are portraying it. I played the game and it is decent and I am having fun.
Anything out of Austin TX is going to be soft
Damn Shill Up holding nothing back on this title 😦  this must be real bad
I can’t believe that PS owners get God of War, Last of Us and Ghost of Tsushima while We, Xbox users get… this!? 🙁
Another studio dead at the hands of Microsoft. Sad
"I do not consider post-it notes stuck to fridges a substitute for proper storytelling."  Elden ring's abysmal game design in a nutshell
This is the second place I've seen the T-posing vampire blowjob thing referenced. I wonder if it's the same enemies in the same location? What a goddamn mess.
"Let's not forget the last time they welcomed you to a video game, it looked and sounded like this: <Prey intro>" Guess you've mentally blocked out the existence of Deathloop, eh? ;) EDIT: I suppose you mean Arkane Austin here, lol.
this game is so disgusting i can´t even watch the video man...jesus
The marketing reminds me of the old NES games when they woukd put amazing box art on crap games.
Once again with Microsoft's Reverse Midas Touch (trademark pending). Everything they touch, turns to s**t!
I cannot believe Dead Island 2 ended up great and an Arkane release ended up dogshit. 2023 is a trip.
I still don't get the hype it got in the first place. It didn't look interesting whenever it was introduced.
The characters look worse than the original State Of Decay, which came out in…. 2013 🙈
I was waiting with baited breath for this 🙏 Time to grab some popcorn 🍿
They really lost their touch, this looks like it shouldn't exist 👀  On a side note, will you also review Everspace 2? 😁
Deathloop was a slight disappointment with how boring and hand “haldy” it was, Redfall being that x10 doesn’t surprise me
Mate got the destiny mention in before 2 minutes
I`m not even mad, sadly expected, but also a good time to go back and reinstall Dishonored,, i still have to finish all the achievements :D   Btw is Deathloop any better now in 2023?
I'm unreasonably disappointed by this. I decided to wait and see the reviews despite this being a Arkane Game because I was skeptical of the multiplayer focus. Well, at least this is 70$ saved.
Remember when everyones biggest complaint was 30fps 🤣
Oh Arkane, how far you've fallen
Elbowing them in the ass. My favorite stealth takedown.
All the creative minds behind Arkanes masterpieces already left after Prey, this was foreseeable
This feels like game devs using ChatGPT to make video games. I’m glad it was proven unsuccessful.
The way he start the video tho 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
BRUTAL loved this vid such a shame the game is as shite
This is so bad...Like, what happened here? I wasn't interested in this game at all, but I can appreciate solid work. This looks like some behind the scenes dev hell.
Grow some balls and putt philly the salesman under presure for his miss managment, get rid of phill!!
absolutely ruthless
$70-$100 for this seems insane. Haven’t found one positive review yet. Guess they have a lot of work to do or it will be on sale fast. Why so many bad new games lately?
That watcher clip was so fucking funny. I have no idea what the design intent even was
🤣 10:57 immersive stuff here.
Hey Skillup, big ups to you for vindicating that IGN reviewer. Nobody would've had the balls to say that guy's experiences were in line with the awful gameplay.
All the animation money went to the trailer? Reminds me of those fake Mobile ads.
😂😂😂 this review is gold
Remember guys, this game was delayed just to get a barely finished version out there.
what sucks even more about all this is I got to play the game a few months ago with Harvey Smith right behind me at a preview event, and had a meeting with him afterwards where I *told him* so many of the issues you covered here. Somehow none of that feedback landed, nobody else raised these issues, or nobody thought it might be necessary to fix this stuff before releasing the game. I don't understand it - Harvey was lovely but he and his team are so much better than this.
10:54  I refuse to believe that is a stealth kill animation from the makers of Dishonored
I'm just laughing at all the people saying "I'm having fun with it." 😂  Also, the "Watchers" part made me laugh out loud
Skill Up's best reviews are when the game is fantastic, or when the game is awful and millions of people watch Skill Up take an epic dump on it. No in between. There's just something sadly satisfying and cathartic about it.
Today is my birthday.
arkane is dead
Let Ralph cook
Starfield better deliver!
>The only way to cycle through weapons is to cycle through ALL of them in ONE direction  Holy shit.
I’m curious. about if Xbox devs  don’t put much in the games because of game pass or if there’s a serious management issue because there’s been a lot of mediocre games coming out of there I wanna buy an Xbox but  I’ve been holding off because it seems there’s no reason
Played it day 1 on game pass, uninstalled it after 2 hours. Soooooo boring.
Well this is a disappointing bit of news from the same people who gave us PREY. Arcane hopefully will have a redemption moment with their next game, because this sure as hell isn't going to be remembered well.
This game is the definition of “Apathy”. It just seems like the devs didn’t care much about what the design, or the feel/control, or the life behind the game itself. Considering the ads and previews they ran pre-release, it sometimes feels like they marketed the 1.0 version and we got the Alpha.
We haven't even had time to recover from Jedi Survivor, I feel like I just got sucker-punched twice in a row
Deathloop is 100 times better than this game. So many of the problems Redfall has, even Deathloop has dealt with them.
Redfall has alot of problems but calling it a catastrophe is pure hyperbole
Fellow gamers. The cutscenes weren't cut from the game because of budget constraints. We, Microsoft, we swear to you that it had nothing to do with Redfall being available on gamepass on day one. Please give our game a try, we worked very hard on this title for many years.
performance was bad on my 3060 and the graphics were not even good. thought id wait for a patch before playing it. just uninstalled it after watching a few minutes of this video. LOL.
i didnt say anything about the ign person before , but ill say it now .    if the game controls like shit they should have says so in the footage! they deserve the criticism for not commenting on it
lmao this was gold
You not only reviewed the game but shown why it's bad in twice as much detail as the rest of the reviewers while putting the review out so close to launch even though Bethesda tried to stop reviews of the game on launch. Great work!
I am so glad you covered the controller issue/feel, I thought I was going crazy because of how hard I found it to aim and stay on target.. And the weapon switching OMG, trying to land on the right weapon slot in the heat of battle is a chore. I would have been perfectly happy playing a last-gen looking Arkane game if only it felt fun while playing it.
All the live service crap is still in this game. That is why it is the way it is. Live service games mostly suck.
It looked like garbage from the get go.
here's my review of the game : i played it for free with my subscription on gamepass, looted a few houses, found a cool legendary desert eagle, one shoted a vampire lieutenant of the map with an overpowered stick launcher, had 0 fun, was showered in crappy white loot or green loot that was boring and consummables items to regen a healthbar that never got low, it was so boring and lifeless i didn't even get to the 2 crash sites... the litteral first main mission, uninstalled the game and wondered how the studio behind dishonored could make such a trash game, it looks ugly, runs like shit, the gameplay loop is worse than any other game, not fun like left 4 dead, the skilltree is : here get more ammo, here cooldown on that ability, or here more dmg when you play in a group... the solo experience of this game is no joke... worse than the saints row reboot... yeah don't bother downloading this, and don't expect anything great coming out of bethesda, don't even think about preordering starfield. For FREE i wouldn't play it... it's sold at 80 euros in France, the average income here is 1500 euros, minus all your expenses... most people have like 500 euros to spend on ... whatever, and that shit IS NOWHERE NEAR worth that price, buy pizzas and beers with friends, go see a movie, you'll have a better time and it will be cheaper.
OK, this was funny. Great work!
😍
ahhh was waiting on you to make a video on this game
i had that menu problem in deathloop
How did this happen? How? This game looks like it doesn’t need just another year or 2, but like at least 3 or 4 before it would be done!
I expected a negative title - but this made me laugh SO loud
There’s something in common between Agents of Mayhem, Babylon’s Fall and RedFall: Using cheap ass cutscenes.
Disappointing from Microsoft, honestly. You can't get away with putting out low quality content when you release *so little content.*  Sony considered Days Gone a massive disappointment  due to its reception and cancelled a potential sequel - despite the game selling millions. Meanwhile, you've got Microsoft publishing one of the worst games of the year...published by a developer famous for making very unique, critically acclaimed games.
I'm hyped for this
Man, Arkane really took a sudden dip in quality didn’t they. It’s a genuine shame honestly, I wonder what caused this to be made in the first place? Out of touch executives maybe?
Skill up actually sounds angry with the state of this game.
Another crap western developer release.. Why do we even tolerate this without calling it out for what it is? Western devs are constantly fumbling the ball. Sure you have a Square Enix CEO writing a letter about crypto and the metaverse. But thats where it mostly stays at. Otherwise eastern developers are consistently putting out worthwhile games. Need I name them? Meanwhile with western games you have to dig through live service bullshit, crappy optimized games and politically inserted drivel. Again do I need to name them all? When will the gaming community call this out for what it is? Yet another example why the west has lost the plot and until we come to admit this to ourselves. We will continue to fail on every front.
And I thought Savathun's Throne World was empty
Crazy how many reviewers gave this 7s & 8s. Played it for 45 minutes on GamePass and uninstalled afterwards lol. Complete waste of time.
I will never understand how the suits at publishers think its a good idea to get a broken game out the door. ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!!!!!!!
i would now like to provide some feedback to the video: you should have done the review only in still-images  i would now like to talk about what i think of the quality of the game: given their track record this feels like the deliberate suicide of an overworked dev studio
"we ALL owe that guy an apology" ..... ok this is gonna be brutal lol
Xbox is really having a bad time let's hope they don't mess up forza this badly
This game could've been like Vampire The Masquerade Bloodline style of role playing game, well written and game that let's you create your own character,  choose your own path, going evil or good route. But we got boring, lifeless, empty, souless, and boring (again) experience in gaming history.
This game was rushed to sell gamepass family subs, especially given at its core it's a multiplayer. It needed at least the rest of the year from what I'm seeing.
I think this was a casualty of Bethesda's money-chasing back in 2018-2019 with Fallout 76 and Wolfenstein: Youngblood and Cyberpilot, and Elder Scrolls: Blades so they put a team skilled in immersive sims on an open world looter shooter. And that's not an excuse, the game should have been canned after the acquisition was complete whether that was by Bethesda or Microsoft. Canceling it would have been better than releasing it
Thanks for covering this. Steelseries though, big no. They wanted me to destroy my product to get a replacement. They don't even try to repair. They happily create more garbage and worsening the environmental problems. They should not be supported.
Skillup should I kill myself
Oof I haven’t heard him go this hard on a game in a long time. Really gives “I’m mad AND I’m disappointed in you.”
This game looks so horrible that I couldn't even watch your awesome review of it.
Thanks for the in-depth review. Much better than most. But I am kind of enjoying the game. Id say 6/10
This is probably the 5th Redfall review i've seen, i was waiting for yours! Gonna be my final destination with this game.
Never have I ever heard someone say "We owe an apology" to ign employee.... And even proceeded to apologize to them....  I didnt even make fun of dude, but "Sorry IGN dude"
Its sad too see Redfall. A open world, multiplayer, looter shooter video game made by the studio I would least it expect from. Arkane bite way more than it could chew, and trying to deliver all these new features in a new engine certainly did not help their situation. I hope we can see them playing on their strengths in the future rather than something similar to this.
The jarring editing on this video to communicate how jarring the game is is genius
Crowbcat is gonna have a field day with this one
XBox is failing pretty monumentally the past several years. You have Nintendo dropping Tears of the Kingdom on hardware 2 gens old and it will blow away anything XB has done in the past 2 gens. PS dropping masterpieces like GoW Ragnarok. XBox offers this? They are proof that all the money in the world and buying every studio is no replace for skill, vision and talent. They need to make major changes in the organization this is pathetic
Prey was 🔥
I'm starting to be convinced that Arkane just fluked with Dishonoured and Prey.  Deathloop was mid, this is mid but worse.
Lmao everyone better apologize to that ign video
Why are the scale of the characters so bad. The file cabinet is huge.
OH BOY LET ME GET MY POPCORN READY
I feel like the work for this game must have been outsourced.
all that and people still root for xbox to buy studios............................
Legendary Microsoft's quality. 😅
Holy shit this game is atrocious lol. WTF is happening with the gaming industry? hahahaha such a joke.
Everything about it feels wrong. The principles arent arkane. The game loop isnt arkane. The artstyle outside of concept art isnt arkane... Did half the studio go missing?
You know a game is bad when Skill Up turns into Dunkey.
Jesus
I remember looking at homefront the revolution when it came out, thinking about how outdated the game was. Both from a gameplay and graphics perspective. That was back in 2016,and somehow it's still more advanced than a $70 game in 2023.
Do people still not understand that Arkane is NOT "Arkane" anymore, Raphaël Colantonio left the company during the development of Prey. The company is finished, over.
It's like Arkane took the 4/10 IGN gave Prey as a challenge
It's a shame this game didn't match expectations. The trailers looked interesting and I was hoping to play a new looter-shooter with friends.
“Whether we wanted it or not, we’ve stepped into a war with the cabal on Mars”
Xbox is absolutely amazing
Deathloop was honestly dogshit, hated that game, not surprised this game is also fucking awful.
1:03 Destinys season model right there
Great review and disappointing game jesus
Arcane didn't want to make this game.
Why did he review this on console?  I thought Skill Up was generally a PC reviewer. Am I wrong?
When 1m subs?
Those still ghcosts standing there monologuing reminds me of Forespoken "storytelling". It's awful and I hope the industry wipes this method of "storytelling" from existence.
Fellow gamers, we stand on the brink of a revolution. A revolution against the corporate greed and corruption that has infected the gaming industry for far too long. We must take a stand and demand change.  The time has come for us to rise up and say "enough is enough." We cannot continue to let game developers and publishers take advantage of us with overpriced DLC, microtransactions, and loot boxes. We must take back our gaming experience and demand that games be created with our enjoyment and satisfaction in mind, not just to make a quick profit.  But this revolution is not just about the gaming industry. It's about standing up against the larger systems of oppression and inequality that plague our society. We must fight for a world where everyone has access to quality games, regardless of their financial situation or social status.  Together, we can create a new gaming landscape, one where creativity and passion are the driving forces behind game development, not just profits. So let us band together, gamers of all kinds, and demand a better future for our industry and for ourselves. Let us start a revolution that will change the gaming world forever. And if any corporate death squads ask, i'm a handicapped small child.
when fallout 76 has more better quality content 😂
Microsoft really dropping the ball with exclusives.
I have no problem with there not being animated cutscenes
This seems to be the complete opposite of what Prey was, Its incredible how bad a studio can turn in just 5 years
jeeeezus lmao. this was rough. really sympathetic to the arkane employees who feel relieved to get this out the door (but awful for how it's been received).
I hope Jason Schreier or someone does a deep dive into what happened and somewhat clears Arkane's name a bit because to me this all reeks Bethesda
This game feels like one of those weird indie games you find on a steam sale for like $10. But even those games tend to have more heart and effort put in them than this horrible game.
Low cost gamepass game 😂😂😂
"I do not consider post-it notes stuck to fridges proper storytelling."  This needs to be either, like, a bumper sticker or a pledge or something. Not sure what to do with it exactly but we HAVE to make it famous somehow.
I was so looking forward to this game, why you gotta do me dirty like this lol.. guess ima play Prey instead then...
So it’s got a little bit of something for everyone then?
Love your transitions and how low effort they are, making fun kf how low.efforr the game is. Even though the actual review is still top notch.
After this and Deathloop, I’ve basically lost any and all confidence in to deliver a compelling and quality product. They must have lost key talent or something, there’s no way these are the same people who made Prey and Dishonored. At the very least, they seem to have little to no interest in creating games like those anymore. It’s sad to see such a unique and talented studio lose all of their luster in an attempt to become more mainstream to please execs.
Jeezuuz- I just feel bad for ppl who were actually looking forward playing this game. I hope Xbox is cooking up something else... Won't be getting my money. And it most definitely won't get my time!!
OoooOooooooof . 😂😂😂
I got advertisment for redfall while watching this video 😂😂
Bruh wtf went wrong with this game?? I can't even remember the last time a AAA game looked this bad.
I love so much Dishonored 1 & 2 but Redfall is so dogshit... Microsoft rolled Arkane to the bottom... so bad.
It's a shame that Arkane were held hostage in order to make this game
Phil pls. This should’ve been canned.
been waiting patiently for this
I just hope that Arcane just abandons this, refunds everyone. This is not worth it…
Worst game of 2023 for sure
Thumbstick response is aim acceleration. Bump that down to low and it controls well.
Imagine making a game so bad the game journos actually played the tutorials right.
I feel like a documentary is gonna come out a few years from now about what an absolute complete and utter shitshow the development for this game was. Something must have gone horribly wrong. Right?
SEVENTY DOLLARS
Man I wish we got Dishonored 3 instead. I miss Corvo
I like how all of a sudden deathloop was a good game, that game sucks too.
Damn.  Feelsbadman - I know the writing was on the wall but I really like their previous efforts and was hoping for a hail Mary :( I take no pleasure in the fact that this is a shit show.
Lackluster game charging a premium price.  Sad thing is their actions seem to indicate they knew releasing it that would be the case and just worked as hard as possible to dupe as many into buying it day one as possible.
That title 😅
I like that he put as much effort into the graphics and transitions , as redfall put into their game.
Since Deathloop, and arguably also around when Raphael Colantonio left, something has definitely felt very wrong at Arkane. And I do think we should hold off on throwing them off a cliff until we know what is going on at that company.   Now I'm not trying to say that we should give them a free pass because "it's Arkane", not all. Especially because that's how we ended up with modern Bethesda and we didn't stand for it when BioWare showed its cracks. But I'm really tempted to say we should wait for a thorough journalistic investigation as to what the hell happened during the development of Deathloop and Redfall. Because this is now a bad game from each of Arkane's two studios and they are clearly not working with the same resources when they built Dishonored 2 and Prey. It REALLY doesn't matter if you didn't like those games or you preferred Dishonored 1 or whatever your opinion about those games was. I don't think it's absurd to say that on a technical level, those two games were dripping in polish and innovation, and they both played extremely well with many deeply engaging mechanical systems. These aspects are very clearly absent from Deathloop and Redfall and this is what makes me wonder WTF is going on at Arkane.  Absolutely, we should critique these games as failed products that are VERY sub-par and completely unacceptable as AAA releases. But I would say let's cool off on hating on the devs until we get a bigger picture, ironically, "because it's Arkane."
Bugs and performance issues just like Jedi...both have Denuvo...hmmmmm......
Just got done watching TWIVG, I'm eating good today
if it were an indie game like Everspace 2, which had still pictures with voice over but its got more of a character.  this is unexpected for a xbox first party dev with 5 years of dev time for this game. static environment, awful gunplay, short game and that too with co-op which it could have done better without. could have been a successor to other arkane style games but we got this and that too no apology yet for this release. Next time a how about firing marketing team and making a good QA team because certainly its opposite what most studios do and fail every single time.
Holy shit, this looks like a pre-alpha. If I was a dev you'd need to pay me good money to embarrass myself by releasing this.
Lmao I got a redfall midroll ad
Deathloop was incredibly mid and hyped to the moon and back. Prey was such a fantastic gem with great dlc and was largly ignored.
did you just call a ute a truck? thats just unaustralian mate
1:51 - Too soon :-( RIP Lance Reddick.
They pretty much perfected Immersive Sims with Dishonored and Prey, so I have absolutely no idea how they managed to fuck this up so much. Deathloop was okay at the core but playing through the same 4 levels all the time is boring af without any roguelike elements. Really hope their next game is a banger.
Somebody said this looks like a mini game made Fortnite creator 2.0 and I can't unsee it now 💀
What Idiot forces Akane to make a co op looter shooter...when theyve made some of the best single player story driven games in recent years
Another L for Bethesda.
Arkane made two good games, Dishonored and Prey, let’s stop pretending they’re Naughty Dog or Kojima Productions. This, along with Deathloop look and play like garbage. Whatever lightning they captured in a bottle with their previous games has clearly escaped at this point.
Arkane was never an action FPS developer. WTF Bethesda was thinking
Arkane Austin is NOT Arkane Studios. It's a spin-off studio created to tap on the brand...
Well done Arkane. You pulled a Bethesda.
After a single hour of playtime I had to face it: this is bad, just BAD. And the fact that is coming from Arkane makes it sad, SAD ! What the hell happened there ?
Dude this video itself has WAY more story telling than this game ever does. I lost it when you did the monotonous transition of "showing how to blow up a car" and "how to deal with watchers" part. Those shit were hilarious
My most anticipated video of the year.
Has to be one of the biggest victims of Covid so far in the AAA sphere.
First time being this early to THE BIG SHILL’s videos. Love the reviews and commentary you do for the gaming space and it is very much appreciated.   Also an xbox fan, rip. Happy I made the move to pc because I could not imagine being stuck with only an xbox these past few years. Pour one out for the xbox homies, they deserve better
What's crazy to me is they already had an open world FPS template and still this turned out so bad.
I feel like we’ve been waiting for some grand reveal from Microsoft. Where everything regarding the lack of games and the flops are explained and  things start to get better. Where it’s explained “we had to get through the tough times to get to the good times”.   Guess I’ll keep waiting.
Godawful video game. How someone higher up didn't play this for themself and see it was absolutely terrible is beyond me. Should have been delayed, or cancelled.
How? How can a $70 game published by one of the richest companies in the world and marketing it as their next big game not have real time cut-scenes? It looks like a indie title ffs.
I LOVE the intentional low effort titles and semi-monotone voice , as if to say no effs were given because no effs were give from the game. Bravo, 10/10. I appreciated that.
Silver lining, at least now I don't have to feel the need to buy this or the new Jedi game. $140 saved.
we can hear it so well in your voice during this how absolutely disappointed you are lol
I love it when a AAA game releases and everyone rushes to buy it and then talk shit about it
10/10 - IGN
The only good thing about redfall is that now i will more time to finish tears of the kingdom.
Im really sorry for Arkane they had to work on this game.
i’ve only ever played deathloop and aiming with a controller in that game felt horrible so i am not surprised that this games shooting sucks. arkane shooting has always seemed like shit so i’m not surprised
This is "one of those" right? A game where the developers were told, "You have to make this first and only then will we greenlight the stuff you actually WANT to make".
Wow, what a dumpster fire. This feels rushed and not that much effort put into it to begin with.
Me before this video: Meh, isn't that bad.  Me after seeing how to explode a car in Redfall: Ok is bad
I keep on thinking of Redwall when I see this game title. God, that was a great book series
The passionless intro is a new one for this channel. That was perfect 🤣
I’m sorry titanfall figured out weapon switching before destiny
Unfortunate that you invest the time to make a review on this really bad game instead of highlighting a gem like Everspace 2
Prey is and was fire. No idea what happened with this shit and deathloop
You know this game made me appreciate dead island 2 and that was ten years in development
How is this from the same people that did Dishonored 1 and 2, god.
Yet another example why you don't ever want to pre-order games. No matter how infallible the studio may have been in the past, everyone is capable of putting out a bad game.
To be honest the game pass has been really weak lately. Hi FI rush has been the only great surprise from there lately.
Arkane DISGRACED themselves. What an utterly embarrassing, unsalvageable disaster.
That IGN player must be feeling some Captain Holt levels of vindication right now...
Once again: Just because a studio made a good game/good games does NOT mean they aren't capable of fucking up. Stop hyping up studios, they don't care about you. This game was always going to be terrible.
Cool idea but bad execution
Was that intro a Joseph Anderson parody? 😂
Damn, sad to say but this game is a joke. You have to be kidding with this.
Man, my standards must be extremely low because I genuinely enjoy playing redfall.
god damn please someone take my xbox
Ghostwire also have bad control in Xbox.. i was like, wtf. Never played any modern 1st party game this bad
I just wanted Dishonored 3 man
It's so empty lol. Like WHERE ARE THE ENEMIES
Not even 2 minutes in and we get a classic shill up destiny reference! I am not dissapointed
Me and my friends played it on Xbox series x for the last 2 nights….i told them i refuse to play this garbage anymore. It’s possibly the worst game I’ve played in the last 5 years easily. Maybe even 10 years. It’s really that bad.
But but buttbutbutbut but it's on gamepass
My biggest issues isnt the cutback on cutschenes or lack of a good story, or failure to provide a singleplayer experience, it is a co-op shooter afterall. HOWEVER what is unforgiving, is the VERY bad grafix , with VERY bad pc preformance, AND an entirely EMPTY world for a looter-shooter, on top of mainly borring powers and uninspired upgrades and a horrible way to go around loot, @autosalvage loot for money, and no CRAFTING or funny interactions with it what so ever. THEN on top of these issues it has the absolute worst and easyest AI i have ever played against, at this point they would have made a better game if they made it 4vs 4 pvp, at least i may have had some interresting gunfigths then. Also a LOT of stupid decisions was made for co-op and lack of mission progress. + the game is overall too short, its less of an issue since the game is bad, BUT if they had at least solved the issues i mentioned, having a less than 20 hours AAA full priced game is absolutely garbage. I have played a lot of zombie shooters, and looter shooters since those 2 genrers are typically my go-to, and i dont understand how they could screw this game up soo much when it had some of the ideas from those genrers.  Also RX6800XT +I5 12600k/32gb sysram and nvme ssd, cannot keep 60+ stabel on all places in the world at 1440p/epic settings with vsync and motion blur off and no upscaling. For unknown reasons the game suffers from stutter and bad fps drops in heavy town areas, open areas i get 98-118+ fps, BUT i get drops to 55-65 ranges in town areas, and it feels horrible on freesync systems that hits below  the freesync range. THIS is UNACCEPTABLE for a game that looks as bad and dated as redfall does.
Oof, Xbox really keeps taking Ls not only with their big games but also in terms of sales! All the pressure is now on Starfield!
Was never a fan of Arkanes endless audio and text logs.  I was so frustrated with it on Dishonoured
This review can be summed up as “please play prey 2017 instead of this game”
Can't believe this crap.
Man, this is depressing. To go from Prey and Dishonored to *this.*
Is this gamepass causing budgets for these games to be slashed?
ShillUp shilling for IGN gameplay, what has the world come to? Is this what video games are now in 2023? 😯
I saw the trailers and immediately knew this was going to be a flop.
zavala jumpscare got me goddamnit
I'm not being funny when I say that the only company that hasn't betrayed my trust is UBISOFT of all things. Because when I buy a game from them, no matter what title it is, I know I'm going to go through the same story, the same check list map and same grinding gameplay. I know exactly what I'm getting from them. That's been their track record and menu services for the past decade and I'm fine with it because they have been consistent. But Arkhane, CDPR, Bethesda, Naughty Dog with LOU2, and even Rockstar with their GTAV milking. Every company I grew up with that 'wanted to do something different' has ended up betraying me as a customer and follower.
Not being able to listen to audio logs as you walk around and continue to play the game should be a criminal offence 😢
Probably the harshest Skillup review I've seen in 5+ years of following this channel, wow. Never would've expected such a fall from Arkane. Deathloop had polish but didn't totally work for me, either.
Aha I wasn’t happy at first that this wasn’t going to be on ps5 but it’s a huge flop so yea xbox you can keep this.
Redfall feels like Bethesda pressured Arkane into putting out a cheap quick cash grab to finance the completion of Starfield.
How do they go from Dishonored and Prey to this, and this took 5 years to make? I genuinely don't understand what happened.
Getting pretty tired of AAA Games releasing in a trash state like this AND with a 70$ price tag!!! WTF  Who dfuq allows this to continue???
Who could've possibly have expected this? It's not as if the internet predicted it when it was teased as the biggest event of the xbox showcase.
4 player co op, surely it's what gamers needed since Back 4 Blood that work so well 💀
I love it when Ralph thrashes a game, I still watch the postmortem of anthem
I was worried this game might be shit when a code came with my new graphics card.
Redfail is not that bad
Hope this and Deathloop were just an experiment and they have something REAL cooking. Let Arkane make immersive sims ffs.
Every game on Xbox I could be excited for making me wanna go but it less and less starfield don’t let me down
am sorry IGN Redfall guy... 😢
Holy fuck this title lmao
This really makes me worried about Starfield later this year. I already was apprehensive but this does not calm my worries. Good review.
It’s very sad how the biggest entertainment u can get from Redfall is by watching the train wreck of reviews and videos dunking on it.  Hope people at least understand to treat the devs with respect since this mess falls on the publisher.
I’m enjoying it. It ain’t game of the year or a genre defining masterpiece it’s just a fun video game killing vampires. Lol.
I have never heard Skillup sound as enthused as he does as SOON as this goddamn review starts. Just the   “Hello. Today we will talk about Redfall”   He sounds *so* bored
💀
I hate seeing games launch in this state. Hopefully, some will learn from it.
Less than 2 min in and we already got a destiny reference
I've waited for this.
Lol shill up deadpan voice with zero enthusiasm sums up this experience
Man... and I thought Deathloops was bad.  This is a new level of low.
isnt deathloop was the last time?
You pulled no punches in your This Week In Gaming roundup and you pulled no punches here. Love you Ralph, never stop being a savage  EDIT: I'd like to take this opportunity to point out that Redfall was commissioned by Zenimax before Microsoft acquired them. There may have been contracts in place that meant cancellation wasn't an option.
I do like the music...that's about it
Guess we won’t be gathering for whiskey and cigars tonight.
They were so misleading with their marketing that I legitimately never connected the advertising with the game that actually came out. I genuinely thought it was a completely different game with at least some potential.
I know this might sound selfish, but seeing this review just makes me not be VERY upset about the Bethesda acquisition. I know I''ll eventually have to grab a box for the next Doom, or maybe even Starfield
I'm pretty sure this is the same story as fallout 76 - pre-acquisition Bethesda execs wanted some monetizable live service games, and production was started on 76 and redfall. I think Microsoft loosened those requirements, but the damage was done, and instead of trying to fix it more, they said fuck it and threw it out into the world with low expectations
Not even 10 seconds in and Your voice does tell everything about the game.
Redfall looks like an chatGPT generated game. disgusting
*Breath of Relief* Fallout 76 Crew
Yea vampire sure a very cool concept nowadays after morbius 💀
That Steelseries dancing orc gives me nightmares
That Valus Ta'aurc strike line X-D
Last time SkillUp used those words, it was Wolfenstein Youngblood. Yikes.
30fps on 'world's most powerful console'
At least we can look forward the possible upcoming Dunkey video and get a few laughs out of Redfall.
k e k
This game generally makes me angry, which is rare. Instead of another immersive sim we get a worse version of Borderlands? This looks very bad for not just Arkane, but the entire Xbox brand and Game Pass. Did Microsoft force Arkane to make this game? Can we get another immersive sim now?
Video title's not very clear this time, do you recommend Redfall or not?
Where did all the dev time and publisher money go? like what were they actually doing when they made this game?!
I thought my aiming was just off cos I was using cloud so I decided to hook up my Xbox and try it and no jesus it's absolutely awful. It feels so imprecise due to how the deadzone is.
Played on pc? The ai is much more aggressive on console
Xbox once again looking like the killer of studios.
its not great, there's absolutely issues, but its not that bad tbh would i spend money on it? no, if you're bored and got gamepass? sure why not
How the fuck did we go from prey to this garbage
Love your work shillup. Your content has single-handedly ruined all other gaming journalists and reviewers for me due to its stellar standard and passion ❤
I don't think the cutscene thing ia s huge issue. Loads of low budget games that I like. But I understand it's far from your main complaints.
Yesssss. Been waiting for this! Perfect way to start the workday.  Edit: disappointed Skillup is the most disappointed dad ever. I kinda love it.
Destiny reference at 1:50, 4:57, 6:17, 19:32. This review was hilarious, how is a game that bad that Skillup cant find one good thing about it lmao
At least Jedi Survivor is just a bad port, that can be somewhat fixed. This doesn't just have a bad PC port, it is just straight up a bad game. I hope Rocksteady is looking at this and quaking in their pants right now, because if anything, this just shows that the live service model is dead
I remember when we thought Redfall was the name of ES6
This review is absolutely brutal, and sadly it seems justified.
What a crying shame. Arkane were one of the greats. 😔
Even though this isn't my kinda of game, I'm sure happy I'm on the winning side of the war right now. Let's go PS5 team, let's give 'em hell :charges_in
It’s a fine game it’s not amazing but and there are performance issues and obviously it’s 30fps with a 60fps patch and a few other patches the game will be decent
Oof
Could you not have waited 5 more minutes to post this, so I could get my food ready to watch this amazing review? Smh.
You missed the perfect opportunity to title your Redfall review "Redawful" after you titled your Godfall review "Godawful".
Such a shame, but inevitable given everything we've seen / not seen about this game.
Just here for the schadenfreude
I've been looking forward to this
I just don't understand how you have Arcane make this game. You may as well have Cyan make the next COD.
Man I played an hour and uninstalled. Can’t believe this is a AAA game from Arkane. Reminds me of a bad survival game from 2015.
I’ve been waiting for this!😂😂😂😂😂
1st
I was looking forward to this game but after seeing all the reviews and gameplay I was left empty and disappointed.
Sad for Arkane. Loved Dishonored 1. Dishonore 2 is incredible. Prey is awesome. Hope they can get to ther old form.
Where did you find the missing film at?
Redflunk
So... you don't recommend?
Redfail!
Oh boy, here we go.
When news got released that this game was only 30 FPS, I knew things were bad but I didn't imagine THIS bad.
Redfall's graphics truly are breathtaking, cant wait to see what type of games we will see in 2008
This is my surprised face 😐  Edit: Prey absolutely rules, play that instead.
You gotta love videogaming in 2023
Common Arcane L, how far they have fallen
I feel like a complete sicko for how excited I am to watch this video
The only time I heard about this game is when I was looking at a $2000 4090 and this game came free - that’s when I knew it was going to be complete garbage.
Damn Xbox is going through a rough patch and dear God look what they did to my boy Arkane😓  I swr a dishonored 3 and id buy an xbox console
HERE WE GO
Shame this game flopped. I wanted a new top tier arkane game
Oh well
I can only assume Arkane had family members held captive and were forced to develop this travesty at gun point to guarantee their safe return? 😳
Yes my life's ambition has finally been realized. With that out of the way, this doesnt take 5 years to make. There is a story here that we arw nit being told b
It’s one of those moments that makes you glad to be a Sony Pony
O the carnage
Wish you would stop using these complicated review titles on your vids. Just tell me if it's good or not. 😂
Lets go
What a letdown. And to think we could have had a new Dishonored game, man…
This was the last domino for me I’m gonna sell my series X and either get a PS5 or build a Pc. Been an Xbox fan for a long time but this is just ridiculous
Redfall Godfall Babylon's Fall ... Fallspoken  Im seeing a patten here
That was fast.
first
I dont know why arkane wanted to make this piece of shit of a game instead of dishonored 3
Gaming is getting worse and its sad
Nobody is first. The original creator commented before all yall
Hahah called it
First 😊
It's sad that games are worse now than 10 years ago. Going backwards.
Bummed about this one man. I really love Arkane and what they've done (especially Prey and Mooncrash).
Really sad to see this..
AAA gaming needs a win desperately never mind Xbox the whole AAA industry is just garbage
Oh man....been low key waiting for this savagery
Morbius - the video game.
Redfail!
Thank you Skillup and editors for playing this game so I don’t have to. A like for your troubles 😂
Wdym? It's the same company that made a 10/10 ign game deathloop.
oh boyyyyyyy
Haven’t ever been this early
Goty lets gooooo
That video title will make me click on it
Wild what XBOX is doing for a second generation in a row.
Let’s gooooooooo
Oof. Nice.
This is gonna be good.   *pulls out popcorn*
I got my popcorn ready for review or this dumstar fire 😂
Arkane what have you done??
First I think
First , I guess ?
we all saw this coming :( so sad man
It's Cyberpunk 2077 all over again 🤦‍♂🤦‍♂
Oh boy
More like redballs
It really is...
Wooo!
Thank you for your videos. We love you!
i was waiting for this LETS GOOO
FIRST
First
First?
ya great vid totally agree with everything said 100!
First!
Thanks for watching. If you want to support what we're doing, the best way is by signing up as a supporter over on our website: https://www.thisweekinvideogames.com
