Where you said "that one needs blurring" is the most rewound part of your video! Yay! 600th comment!
@cubfan135 new horn idea “I’m lovin it” 0:34 lol 😭👌🏼
Just waiting for an unsuspecting hermit to enter the giant portal from the wrong end now 😂
I'm so lost which letter did Zedaph say needed to be blurred? I didn't catch it?
Hi . I wish that you would of traded your Wood permit to Skizz or Beef. not to Doc. Mostly because of his evil plan he has planed with all the wood for the server. Here is what Doc did not tell you is he is not selling the wood for Diamonds at all he is selling all wood for only sand.  Yup that is what you will get.  Have fun. lol I am looking forward to seeing you get your first payment from Doc.
Crazy minigame idea. Perfection using cocoa beans and veggies. Use bees/ bone meal to advance placing 1 item at a time from barrel until POP and all washes away. Love your brain keep it up.
With the mail system doc could also just mail the 50% earnings
26:47 could you also call it En-CHANCE-ing? 😂  I love the gamified approach to everything this season
I love the games you come up with!! You have one of the most fun minecraft minds I've ever seen!!
Hmm.. I thought they changed that thing about blocking the enchantment table when things are between the bookshelf & table.
Chickengram for Miss Pearl.
Late to the vid, but the randomiser you are using has a chance to stop the item in the corners, ie no naughty bookcase. Bringing the redstone in off of those hoppers in the corners will remove the chance of no case selected.
Pearl and Zed are like two different flavors of weird, they’re so silly lol
You made that one alligator game with an enchantment table lol
Can’t wait to see your wool farm!!
I just want to say that your Redstone skills have really improved! I was watching your next episode and saw the enchantment system and I really wondered how you did it. So I went back to watch this one.
Zedaph is such an underrated content creator
7:20 High chicanery indeed hehe
Well, if he gets paid in sand, that's the glass resources sorted for awhile.
You should make the glass and tinted glass shop have a giant pair of spectacles out front, one lens glass and one lens tinted, like sunglasses
I'm wondering if the log type is misspelled intentionally to get out of the contract as Doc will be selling "Spruce" but Zed gets profits of "Sruce"
at least you can turn your earnings of sand from Doc into Glass. Win Win.
I HOPE U LIKE SAND! 😂
Ahhh, passive income, the best kind of income
Sometimes I dream of seeing zeds ideas with tangos level of redstone skills.   Like … if you took some of zeds ideas and scaled them up to the level of decked out.  THAT would be a collab for the ages
💗💜💗
Bookshelf roulette
Can't wait for you to make a glasses shop
i think pearl's subtitles should've been upside down
No peanutbutter?!? :(
You've utterly robbed Doc in that transaction - 50% profits on spruce logs for doing *nothing* would have been worth giving him the permit all by itself, but somehow that was only the "sweetener" to the deal?!??? ...either Doc is very generous or just not very business-minded when it comes to negotiating, lol
I think it would be really funny if someone sent one of those chain emails like "send this to 2 other hermits or else you'll be cursed"
Tip to tip? Isn't that called docking 😂
Loving the episodes so far this season <3
Idea for a minigame: A clock of lamps that turns one at a time in circle, then a lever that stops showing the clock (but the clock still goes) and you need to calculate when the light is at 12 o'clock again and turn back on the lever at the precise time;  While the lever is pulled you collect some items per second, so the more you leave the lever pulled the more items you gain, but leaving the lever pulled for long time will make it harder to calculate when the clock will be at 12 o'clock again  Sorry for bad english
Zed, I Love your content! Thanks for another amazing vid, and when are you going to make a horse friendly elevator for visitors?
You gotta name the glass store either: “A Touch of Glass” “Kiss My Glass” or “Go Outside Touch Some Glass”
“And it’s financially unstable” took like 10 seconds to process in my brain but then I had to stop the video and laugh because I couldn’t concentrate
You may only farm from naturally pink spawned sheep!!  😂
einfach das krokodil spiel
You should gamify your postbox! Like, you put the stamp into a little machine and it sends out a bunch of minecart with chests, and you have to make sure the one with the stamp in it is the one that gets to the end to send your letters, or something like that!
Your permits work so well together!
Shop deliveries on the server 😂.
"wait a second, hang on, im nearly there... I didnt get off in time" normally I have the opposite problem.
please stop calling your bookshelves naughty im crying
You could have the three portals stacked on top of eachother in the ravine but you can’t control which portal you’ll end up in. You’d always appear in the same portal each time.
getting yellow and pink is crazy
it reminds me of those old crocodile toys where you press down on the teeth, and if you press on the bad tooth it snaps down on you
Tango does Redstone Bdubs does Prettystone Zedaph does Naughtystone
Need fail sound.
Have doc mail the money
i feel like a fun minigame for the amethyst shards needed for the tinted glass could be an archery practise one - using target blocks and your accuracy determines how many pistons activate to break the shards per bud block or something
Zed, I mostly just lurk, but i do have to say this season you've really outdone yourself. This whole base concept is ingenious. Can't wait to see what you get up to in the rest of season 10!
If I did the math right, the probability of picking 8 bookshelf pairs at random and not getting the reset is about 1.5%, or about 1 in 66.7 attempts (well, 1 in 64.7 attempts if you don't round the percent).  So the fact he got it twice in quick succession is pretty lucky.  Edit: no I did my math completely wrong, it's 1/3.  I _knew_ that didn't sound right.
Since you have tinted glass, it might be worth it to trade for the amethyst permit too 😎
3:26 getting a "weirdest thing I've ever seen" out of Zedaph is a truly special achievement 😂 props to Pearl!
Zed i think you forgot that target blocks exist 😅
now you'll just need a super smelter for all the profits and you're all set
Zed just re-invented "Pop-up Pirate" but with bookshelves...
You just discovered the free money glitch by giving Doc 1/2 the permit.
Pink wool, Gamified: only collected from naturally spawned sheep
6:50 The Hermitcraft Postal Service does not condone acts of terrorism
He's gonna get you on specifics as "Spruce" is misspelled as "Sruce."  Mark my words.
that contract Doc got you to sign, there was a apelling mistake in it, spruce, Doc could get technical with that
Anyone notice that doc spelt Spruce wrong meaning that Zed makes nothing from it
the NOT a dirty book game!! *sigh* zed has done it again.
With the way Zed was talking about a dripstone shop... I get the sneaking suspicion there might be a little bit of death involved in that shop
You don't lick the *front* of the stamp Zed so.... 😏
Yeah-Zedaph has the most fun videos!!!
Little does Zed know that Doc is obsessed with sand this season so these profits may not be what he is expecting...
Zedaph, don’t be the unabomber. You’re cool as you are.
The group drumrolls cracked me up
Too bad you couldn't game-i-fy the mail box. 🙂
Amazing idea with the enchanting Zed!!
29:19 tango's "Womp womp" 😭😭
your brain is too powerful zed!!!
if it resets and then you start throwing in lapis too soon before the randomizer has run its course it might break? Doc could mail you your profits.
the doc trade is actually huge for zed, if doc is selling the wood for sand. thats free sand for more glass sales baybee!!!
Zedaph makes Redstone funny
Doc (thinking to himself) 'I never said what the profit would be. He's gonna be so happy to trade me the sand he gets from the profit sharing for diamonds. Muahahaha!'  Meanwhile  Zed: So I'm going to need a lot of sand to keep my glass shop stocked.  😂 I absolutely love how Doc's plans are going to synergize perfectly with Zed's needs.
5:45 Zed Kaczynski
NGL Zed, I'd be pretty annoyed at Doc considering he was fairly dishonest about the wood permit thing.
Love the enchanting minigame
That redstone was incredibly clever! I am blown away :O
I can't believe you got pink wool and yellow wool! And seeing "Glass [not tinted glass]" and "Tinted Glass" was hilarious xD
I've never related to a nether portal more than a poor, tall portal
Shop idea: Sneaky deals. Automated payment system where the price goes up if they are detected, but they need to go through an obstacle course (dodging tripwires, sculk sensors, and pufferfish) in order to get to the payment chest
Zed we need a tower defense mob farm! It could be really fun
absolutely DELIGHTFUL episode, mr sheep man!
Glass, Tinted Glass, Magma and Blaze Rods.  They're begging to be sold in a giant lava lamp.
so at 30:15 did mumbo say its f*cking rigged?!?!? if not, what did he say
Doc is doing the Shady-e-e's in This season x) Too bad you didn't specify 50% of what type of payment..
why on earth do zedaph's videos, and seemingly only zedaph's videos, work in pip mode without a premium subscription??? what is going onnnn here
Send someone a redstone trap with a written book saying “Some assembly required”
"This is the weirdest thing I've ever seen!" such a nice compliment coming from Zed
Could build a portal elevator
We just got some mail🎶 We just got some mail🎶 😄😄😄 We just got some mail 🎶 I Wonder from which hermit🎶
For the glass permits you could make a glasses shop that also sells sunglasses, people could get their eyes measured and get more glass based on how poor their eyesight is
Doc tries to trick everyone with his deals so that they sound good but really he gets to pay everyone in sand... but u have the glass n tinted glass permits, so for u it isn't actually that bad since u can use doc as ur supplier for making ur glass
trying to spot your name in the Patreons shoutout is a minigame in itself! A fantastic episode as always Zed! A perfect way to make a crummy week feel much better <3
I bet there's gonne be some fun minecart transportation somewhere later on :D
I love all the fun interactive details in the cave already :)
Having seen Doc's pov afterwards. You made him a happy swamp man, with a license for wood domination. Cheers to that XD
So Zed is sending bombs, rigth?
4:22 "Surprisingly, there's a lot less to know about it than you need to." ?????????
I think this makes Zedaph the second person to say he's gonna commit mail fraud through the new postal system. LOL   Team PET goes through the trouble of setting up a Postal System, and everyone uses it to be jokers. XD Typical hermit Craft Shenanigans!
"biggest portal" *laughs in iskall*
Doc should send your cut through the mail system. There should be one central post office for the shopping district. You have to pay for the stamp though. 😅
I just thought of copper golems being a part of the naughty redstone and pushing buttons and got sad.
Absolutely love the zedaph episodes for a while now. Never change! 💜
Perhaps we could hook up a bell when you receive some mail.
6:47 just send the trap materials with instructions on how to build the trap and then how to walk into it.
You can deliver letters not words
You should add noteblocks playing a tune while shuffling the 'naughty' bookshelf so that's harder to hear which one is the trapped one.
With the squiggly red stone, why not just move all comparators to the left one? Then everything would line up, just a thought
Someone might have mentioned this, but there is a spelling mistake in the contract from DocM... It said Sruce not Spruce, he could go with the narrative that the contract is void because of it.. Be on the look out for that sly Doc 🤣
probably the best permit pull iv seen lol, particularly those lower tiers
As something fun to do with the enchanting setup - maybe have a handful of "random" pistons firing into nothingness just for the sake of audial occlusion, so it's harder to guess which shelf it is based off sound.
There is hermit permits and perl make her own products aka stamps
has anyone else noticed that Doc's contracts have all misspelled the woods? Zedaph's said "Sruce" instead of Spruce, and I think Grian's said "Fark" instead of "Dark" wood lol. i guarantee later on Doc's going to get out of paying them with that little detail😂
I think it would be more interesting with 2 naughty hoppers instead of one.  In that case, offset them so that they are not offset by something that can divide 12, that is 2, 3, 4 or 6, as that would make it too easy to infer likely safe hoppers from a good safe hopper. 1 is ok though as no amount of previous clues would tell you much, but a 5 offset is perfect (opposite to each other but then offset by 1). Notice that offsetting by x is like offsetting by 12-x, so no need to consider offsets greater than 6.  So with all that, offset by 5 works best.  You could even make it 3 or even 4 naughty hoppers, but that would make it quite annoying to reach the lv30 enchants. Too lazy to work out the maths.  Again the best offsets could be determined mathematically, but with 3+ the chances of you opting for a bad offset is almost 0. Especially if there is a 5 offset in there somewhere, then it's guaranteed to be ok.
I really hope someone falls in zeds dig down of the day sometime this season!
What a fun enchanter! I like the permit idea for the shopping district. I think that was a great deal.
To be fair, the profits are totally going to make the glass business slightly less grindy, so it’s a good gift.
The postal service could use a "shipping fee" for mailing to the post office to be delivered to a hermit they don't (or can't) have a stamp for
push all the pistons up until the random one is chosen
half the time Zed is talking about redstone I have no idea what he is saying but he sounds smart so I assume there's brilliant mechanics going on
Ah yes. The best response to “know what?”  “Chicken butt” 7:15
The verbal drumroll was one of the funniest things I’ve ever heard!
Zed playing Russian Bookshelf is hilarious to me xD
i always enjoy a zed video! his good mood is infectious. he interacts with anyone with ease. this is my amazon review of a zed video ;)
You could maybe have a few portals in the nether and your base and pop in one then come out another as a “fast” way of getting around
Your furnace is currently lacking a water source to put out the fires
oh ok I see it now, Doc purposely type the name of popular log wrong, to fraud the contract... Good move indeed... Well done...
Doing this with pistons means you could technically cheat with the sound.  If you used a redstone line and and gates you could do it silently, though it may be hard to squeeze in.
Can the shulker boxes be replaced with bundles? You can try maybe that would work as well
If I was in hermitcraft I would sell all of my permits in exchange for a percentage of the earnings, then reap the rewards for other people's labor while I mess around the whole time being unproductive.
Getting royalty off a trade is a W while doing nothing
Loving the process of your casinhole base idea
Zed, you should get with either mumbo or iskall for slimeballs. maybe some sort of deal. they both have farms already.
Ive said it on a few other videos but i absolutely LOVE the Hermit Permit idea... i hope it works out AND carries over to future seasons. Far too many times has a small handful of Hermits gone super hard right out of the gates at the start of the season and taken a massive selection of items "off the market" for others. Just a few taking all the good selling items with in the first week or 2 really screws the majority of the other Hermits out of being able to have a shop that actually coild make money. Now with this system everyone has a fairly equal chance at having something thats really worth while as well as a few things that are slightly more niche but still valuable. I felt so bad for Zedaph last season as the handful of items he ended up being able to sell, well, didnt sell at all.
Zed, whenever its set up completely, Doc could deliver that payment by mail system, or it could even be used for special delivers and discount offers too, i think this season is gonna be great
Docs "profits" are going to work well with your gold permits.
Something that you should definitely add later down the line is another way to reset/randomise the naughty bookshelf with a sculk sensor! Just have it tuned in to the enchanting noise and then you’ll get a brand new game after every item
3 portals in a trenchcoat?
Tall portals have loads portal blocks which spawn more zompigmen than normal.  Take Care, Z.
"That is the most lickable stamp I've ever seen" had me sending.  Nearly choked on coffee! 😂
Zedaph: What if I told you that one of these bookshelves were very, very naughty Me: Oh! Do go on... ☺ Zedaph: Not a naugh- not that kind of bookshelf. Not that sort of book... Me: ☹ Nuts.
Yellow and pink wool!! The coincidence!!!💕
Zed I'm sorry to tell you but Docm77 is selling the wood for sand not diamonds
This reminds me of Stampy's lovely world and I think that's swell
Tinted glass! :D
Etho has already done the "Nigerian Prince" scam on Scar. So you will have to up your game.
Do enchanting tables put out redstone signals after being used?  Or, can observers see them being used?  If so, it would be great to make it so the game reset itself after you enchant something.  Or, you could setup a timer circuit that resets it automatically.
Send Iskall an IKEA redstone trap. As a swede, he will be compelled to construct the trap in or around his base as intended and perhaps he might "accidentally" set it off
omg.. you made the most annoying RNG in the game worse.
zed is gonna need a lottaaa lapis for the future
The contract said, "spuce and acacia log."  Does anyone else think that was an intentional typo?
Aw man you cut out doc's joke 😂😂😂
Zed robbed doc with that trade lol
can armour equipping be gamified? imagine for e.g; a game w/several dispensers lined up in a circular shape good armour, & armour w/ curse of binding is mixed into the droppers the dispensers fire at intervals the player must dodge the bad armour as much as possible, in limited timeframe at the end, add up good armour & stats, & have a penalty for being clad w/curse of binding
Shocked by those lucky & zed-appropriate permit pulls!
When Pearl shows up and tells you about the mail system your first questions were "can I send things anonymously?" and "will the packages be checked by the post office?" ...just what are you planning Zed?
Could you auto reset the game by using a tuned skulk sensor to listen for the enchanting sound?
I'd like to request only filling in the walkways (at least in any fashion beyond minimizing death) to be done only outside each project you add on. Helps draw the eye to new features and changes!
Zed Idk if you know yet but Doc isn't charging diamonds this year in his shops. Good thing you're selling glass because he's asking for sand as payment in his shops so you get half the sand Doc gets for spruce and acacia 😂
The naughty line needs a naughty tune when triggered!
Pink and yellow wool! Proof that the forces of chaos and randomness in the universe are on Zed's side. XD
Doc is going to charge sand as payment for the logs, Zed be like: thanks for the free glass.
Zed:  It's, uh, the most beautiful hole in the ground I've ever seen... except my whole ravine, of course! Zed's season 9 base:  Gone, and already forgotten apparently.
Dot_dot_dash, your subtitles are absolutely amazing! They make the episodes even more fun than they already are.
'They caught my good side. That is the most lickable stamp I've ever seen."  I snorted. Wasn't expecting that comment at all. Hilarious.
I like how he took an entirely luck based mechanic and made it even more luck based. Now THATS pretty based
This is my first time watching one of Zed's videos, and I love it! The man's a genius but explains everything in such an understandable way! I've never felt like I understood redstone more than I do right now^^ Also, loving the idea of making everything into mini games! So fun^^ Can't wait to see what else you come up with!
fascinating that doc has offered zed AND mumbo 50% of his shop's earnings.... if he gets enough people, that 50 is gonna get divided into like, 9 percent 😭😭
i feel there needs to be a scandle of ai generated noods sent through the mail of all the male players on the server
Absolutely genius enchanting mini game 😊
Zed, you make redstone fun and seem incredibly obtainable as a skill. Thank you. More YouTubers should strive to make their videos similar to this one.
Hide the obsidian!!! Peace and love
I like how this season has already given us excellent examples of both Zedstone and Renstone.
I like the solution for the random time! I was thinking could a solution be made with redstone ore and an amour stand?  ALSO! Maybe you could add a skulk sensor that listens for an item being enchanted and use that to reset on win!
I feel like the wool shop should be called the "wooly bully"  and all other wool sellers have to fight each other for sales.
Your "profits" from Doc should synergize with your other business adventures quite well. :D
I really like the enchanting mini-game. As I was watching, all I could think of were the names 'Enchanting Chances' and 'Luck of the Library' for them.
I picture Zeds glass shop next Doc's shop with a pipe sending his smelted 'earnings' into his shop
With all the stuff that he was saying when Pearl was there, I think it might be too coincidental that Zed rhymes with Ted
Would it be possible to hook a calibrated skulk sensor that identifies when something’s been enchanted? That way the game would automatically reset after any use of the table
You should sell only natural, authentic pink wool. As in, find naturally spawning pink sheep, no dyeing
Considering your other permits, i think that deal with Doc is going to have some surprising extra benefits for you.
Ohhh...everyone LOVES spruce....awesome deal
Did Doc tell Zed that he's charging sand for the wood?
If you put honey blocks behind the portal, could you activate it before you slide all the way down?
Some kind of redstone + copper wire that could go upways and diagonally could help.
bro your intro gets me every time. just incredible. its the smoothest most seamless thing in the world. every time I see it i sigh in relief and instantly watch it agian. keep it up
You should add some noteblock tunes. Like a win or loose Dings like slot machine.  It would really add to the "game" feel of the machines.
imagine having to buy items from the shops using the post
This is so underrated
Does Zed know Doc is selling his logs for sand?
Hello Zed, This episode is being great so far, I have not seen it fully but I need to comment otherwise I will forget. Your minigame looks really fun but I think there are levels above 30 (only to get better enchants but it is not displayed and the max displayed is 30) maybe you should look into that but I think it is a really cool idea, thanks for the episode!
Today I learned you can craft magma blocks.
Why are you going to have to head to the wood shop to collect your earnings, when Doc can mail them to you in the post? Surely he'll have a mailbox by the time the shop opens and starts earning profits. It's the perfect use of the mail system: a new package full of diamonds every few days, and then you just mail him the empty shulker box back 😁
greatvideo
i love the zedaph way of taking advantage of the button pressing stage to command all the hermits into collective drum rollage
Royalties on spruce and acacia logs. Blaze rods and magma premit along with the deal.. woahhhh lucky day for Z
Haha you get half Docs sand 🤣
so it's like, pop up pirate but bump out bookshelf?
i wonder how long it'll take before someone fills a room with peoples stamps on item frames
The “poor tall” should make you poor. Pay a diamond every time to light the portal
Enjoy your "earnings"
Do you have shaders on? Why do the bookshelves look different?
Those are some good deals!
Impulse and Skizz and you can't get a real drum roll.
What if you made your poor talls cost a diamond to use?
The enchant-roulette is awesome! Zed is always the most entertaining and creative to watch.
I'm not sure how much sruce logs Doc is going to be selling this season...
Does Zed's new Enchanting game make anyone else think of that kids game with the crocodile, where you press down the teeth and one of them randomly makes the crocodile snap its mouth shut? I honestly love it, hahaha!
3:30 Francis? Francis the talking mule? Francis has joined the Hermitcraft server!? Oh it’s Pearl
mumbo got the same doc deal but without the extra permits
I'm so excited for the postal service and how all the hermits will use it. I love that something so exciting is going up so early in the season. I hope Tango and Etho aren't going to have to spend the rest of the season babysitting it lol
He made cridaile dentist in minecraft !!!
Are you gamifying your shops too? It would be cool
I have learned more redstone from Zedaph than any other Youtuber. Zed-stone just makes sense.
is there a way to observe the enchanting table so if it's used then it will reset the game maybe calibrated skulk?
Zedaph should definitely put minigames in his shops xD
I heard a crazy rumors that doc was using sand as his currency. This plays perfectly into your glass shop. But it does mean lots of jumping to smelt it all.
Awesome episode Zed. Love it. If you ask me.. you sure could show us some of the background "boring" work. The contrast could be more "fun" to watch. Not that your episodes are not funny as they're. They're awesome
You're going to need a massively efficient blaze farm if you're going to supply both rods and magma cream from it. Wouldn't it be better to build a separate magma farm for the latter? Otherwise, you'll need two blaze rods per magma block crafted.
I'm gonna tell you what i told iskall:  when signing that contract with doc, you should have asked "plus stairs, slabs, fences, signs, boats, etc made from those logs" to the wording.  Cuz i think it's possible he's planning to use that as a loophole. I haven't watched his video yet
The Ravine of Contraptions
The shulkerbox reloader has a low chance to not pick up the box. (like 1in 500ish) this was found in decked out last season. It might be a fabric issue.
Zed...I wonder if Doc meant purely for logs. And 0 for planks etc
For your portal, you should have it activated from some sort of minigame. I had the idea of "Whack-A-Pigman" its like whack-a-mole, but with pigmen in minecarts below a carpet floor. Sculk sensors could detect the pigmen taking damage and retract them. You'd need to head them with potions, unfortunately.
because zed has the pink and yellow wool permits, I think it would be awesome if he sold in-game Zedaph merch to the other hermits, like sweatshirts and stuff
Zed I love the shape of you crack
I just want to add the information that you can put bookshelfs into the corners and it will work. That way you can make a 1 tall ring out of bookshelf with 1 block missing for the door to the enchanter.
Falling dripstone on a carpeted floor hiding a completely randomized mix of magma blocks and not magma blocks, this sounds like a great time!
You should put a pond at the bottom of your ravine, it would look nice and be a safe way down to the bottom.  Several small ponds might look better
Maybe you could place a observer under the enchantment table so after every enchant you need to start over
Doc should send the payment in the mail
Doc: Maniacally laughing as he charges sand for all the wood.  Everyone with 50% earning and a glass permit: "This is an absolute win."
Weird you got 50% on Sruce logs just as mumbo got 50% on Sark Oak Woods  Idk if those type if Woods even exist exist :/
zed, the comparator signal extender always extends the signal by multiples of two (or multiples of two + 1), this means that, worst case scenario, half the bookshelves are never naughty, or best case scenario the bookshelves have two sets which switch whom is naughty between them (depending on how many ticks the shulker is down for before being destroyed, case one would be pretty bad).   You can solve all of this by giving the breaking of the shulker box a delay which varies by 1 tick (or 2n + 1 ticks) randomly (randomizer with two different delay paths to the breaking piston?)  Not sure if you care about it, as, as long as all bookshelves can be naughty its probably good enough (do make sure that's the case, as you can solve it by offsetting the breaking delay by 1 (or 2n + 1) tick(1) ). But my nerdy comp. scie brain just couldn't help but worry about the possibilities haha  loving the season so far, really looking forward to what else it will bring ^^
I wouldn't count contests of pure luck as a game, personally.
Zed, I love watching your videos! I wish I had started watching sooner than season 9.
I can't help but think that in the UK at the moment there is a big post office scandal going on, and the Hermits are rolling out a postal service....
I don't know why you made a hopper square rather than a 3x5 rectangle which would have lined up on all 4 sides xD
You could incorporate the "poor" aspect of the poor-tall by breaking the portal every time you use it and requiring a diamond be put into a hopper to relight it.
Is it just me or did Pearl sound drunk??
It would be hilarious to see you get Tango and Etho's help making your mailbox into a minigame!
Are you going to gamify your shops ? Like people buy some Z tokens to play a mini game and if they win they get a few stacks of items.
Gamify your postbox! Either you get mail or you die! 😅💀
Awesome video!
Brilliant.
Hey Zed! Really enjoying your content this season! I don’t know who does the subtitles for you but I really appreciate them!
Do the postal people have a permit? love the vid, keep having fun with the hermits!
lol gem won’t be able to play the enchanting game because of the falling sand
The Permit machine read my mind. I saw the other Hermit's videos, and I thought "Hmm, wouldn't it be funny if he got the pink stuff? Pink glass, terracotta, or even Pink Wool?"  But still... the chances are so epic. You got 2 out of 81 perfectly fitting Permits! And it was even the wool, too! Honestly you got a great Permit pull, with the synergizing glass gold Permits and very good iron Permits.
Zedaph being excited about sending himself chicken, reminded me of the time, after a few adult beverages, I ordered myself a full English breakfast at 1am to be delivered roughly when I wanted to wake up.   I obviously did not remember this and nearly cried with joy, still very much feeling the effects of the aforementioned beverages.
I just realised that zed’s share of doc’s shop could be given through the mail system, I am loving how close everyone is this season! 34:27 Do the pink and yellow wool shop first, although anything you’re able to do will be fantastic
im sensing doc's plan. he deliberately misspells the contracts to wiggle work himself out of them later down the line >;3
love the new intro
Wow those permits seem so rigged!
Why do I have a feeling zed is going to gameify his post box...
I'd love to see zed mail Ikea style Redstone traps to hermits and just ask them to build and use it on themselves
Doc has a fully automated shulker box farm at his base
It would be fun to see you make one of your shops into a minigame for the shoppers
If you don't call that game Zed's Naughty Books I'm going to unsubscribe.
This is the 2nd contract from doc I see and both of them have typos for the wood in them. I smell a conspiracy!
It really is a shame you can't detect enchanting with a skulk sensor or something, since it'd be cool to just auto-naughty when you've made your decision.
Other hermits: let’s make my base flawless! Zedaph: I’ll make my base as naughty as possible.
all the profits will be in SAND!
SAND!
Do you not get your lapas back?
I love the enchanting game! It reminds me of that one game where you have to press the teeth of the alligator and if you press the wrong one it bites you
I love your videos!
I'm so excited to see what you send in the mail lol!
You standing in that ravine  then walking on that edge reminded me of the "crack" in the game Myst Uru: Ages Beyond Myst/online... i should find my old password and log in again... it's been a while since i saw the cave. That was a lovely part of my life back in the day. :))
32:44 Doc scammed you, youre getting Sruce wood profits 😂
if i were you i'd swap the moss carpet out for red carpet, it would look like the top of the enchanting table
So is the new game going to be called Bookaroo? and can we get a commemorative Ariel Sheep Service Stamp?
I thought Gamified was like a weird spelling of Garfield and for some reason I didn’t question it
Pearl's "Uuhm" of realization when the single most experimental hermit was asking questions she didn't have a ready-made answer to was worth her weight in diamonds!
I like the idea of sending an IKEA redstone trap that they have to assemble at the other end to blow themselves up!
The pink and yellow wool pulls is absolutely nuts 😂
Oh no, this is like Lt. Surge's puzzle in Pokemon red & blue
Not gonna lie, with the glass permits you have, getting a cut of doc's earnings would be very helpful.
Zed getting sand
I hope you're looking forward to all the sand doc is going to give you as payment for the wood! =D
Suggestion: Make people have to play a little mini game in order to access any shops you might make.
29:40 great minds think alike :D half a second after I screamed "rigged" at my monitor, Pearl did the same :D I'm not sure if you'll really enjoy that deal with Doc.  With your plans this season keeping your shops stocked will be a challenge of its own :D
Zedaph and Elevators is the Minecraft equivalent of a chiesel and a hammer, they work together so spectacularly well.
hope u like sand zed
👀 That contract book from Doc had a bunch of spelling errors. I don't think Doc is that poor of a speller, but if it was done purposely it may come back to haunt Zed...
I would love to see a sheep dangling wall with just pink a yellow make a return in your ravine base
Did you add a way to automatically get the lapis out of the chest minecart?
Great intro not stepping off the elevator
Pearl is using Cleo's shulker. regards from the Zombies lol
I hope you know that doc intends on selling all the wood for sand, so you're going to be getting paid in sand.
Zed, if you extend the pulse extender to 4 Comparators, each redstone level will give 4 redstone ticks, resulting in the randomzer advancing by one hopper.
Zed I hope you are going to gameify the shopping for the other hermits
What if the enchanting game were reset when exiting the enchanter? Tripwire hooks, pressure plates, or sensors could probably allow you to manage that.
Zed dont lick the front of the stamp
Man. Now that the mail service is being rolled out I want to see some hermits do mail order shopping. It has never really been a possibility before but it does make sense for some of the lower volume items like beacons to be sold by catalogue and for some shops to accept stamps as payment.
If there was a public mailbox in the shopping district, maybe Doc could send you your share? maybe with stamp cost subtracted idk
If you want to save shalker boxes, A redstone ore block and armor stand randomizer seems perfect for what your trying to do.
That enchanting game reminds me of that little gator teeth game where you gotta press all the teeth except the bad one. Looks fun!
For the enchanter, can you not mostly fill the dropper as well to give you up to an additional 8 items, letting you have any of the redstone signal output values?
I love the enchanting game! I’m impressed by your ability to game-ify all the different stuff this season, both coming up with the games and putting them together
Naughty bookshelf lol mimic bookshelf maybe a better name for it
I feel like pointing out that your portal was connected would have helped Pearl get home quicker ;)
<3
If you provide doc with some stamps or let him take the cost of the stamps from your profits you might be able to convince him to mail you your share.  Seems like it'd be a good use of the mail system and/or a good way for mail to get lost.
Wonder what happends if you use your own stamp in your mailbox
"DRUMROLL PLEAZE!"  [server collectively goes "ublbllnlllbmbmmlmlmlblbbllchllhlbmlllmlbllblblbl"]  "YELLOW WOOL"
is it possible to automatically detect that the enchanting table was used (perhaps with a calibrated sculk sensor?) and thus force the resetting of the bookshelves each time, rather than relying on the player to do it?
Someone should spam everyone mailbox with credit card offers and coupons to make it authentic
Zed's permits all synergize well, talk about luck
How are you going to gamify your portals Zed?  Maybe you should split them into three levels and have one of the 3 randomly light up on a countdown timer - you have to get through the portal before it goes out again.  Super inconvenient! :D
Did you know, mumbo rip himself each time he want to inter his bace.
L.l
Doc is getting people to trade him all the wood permits so he can monopolize the wood business.
you need a "denied" sound when it triggers the naughty bookshelf. head/noteblock or a custom disc!
can't wait for zed to be confused on why his wood profits have been turned to sand lol
Shoutout to Zed for adding proper subtitles. It’s a rare and heavily underappreciated thing to do. Probably not that expensive but it adds a lot to non-native speakers and ofc those who have issues hearing or understanding.   Thank you for being this thoughtful.
If your collective part of the wool shop doesn't have a pink sheep and a yellow sheep dangling from the roof of the entrance then you are straight up not doing it right. The odds are mad!
I love the enchanting Book Sweeper! (It reminds me of Minesweeper) I think it would be neat to have different game difficulty based on the number of Lapis available   Hardest would be 11 lapis (8 for books, 3 for enchanting)   Medium should be 20 lapis (for a couple mistakes)  Easy should be 32 lapis - should be enough for 3-4 naughties
Doc's Wood dealings are giving me Etho Free Glass Subscription vibes.
This is really clever! Could be fun if you added some noteblocks to it
Zed if you make the hopper circle a 5x3 rectangle you will have 12 hoppers that all line up with the pistons!
Wait the contract said "Sruce" wood.... so... as per the contract, if doc sells "Sruce" wood, zedaph gets 50%....is the typo on purpose? ! :O  Or am i just really paranoid about contracts and etho starting a scam has already made me look out for scams 😅🤣
I think a temple/city  in the side of your Crack like Petra would look cool and help break up the gray of your base. Good place to hide your villagers
The game crack
The comedic timing of Pearl going “it is a mule!” Cracked me up, Pearl’s so great lol
Maybe wait a few weeks before starting on the villagers.
The wild thing is that hermits can set up "online" shops with this mail service. Send a hermit an order request for whatever they are selling, and it will just get delivered straight to you.
The randomizer hopper chain could also be a 5x3 rectangle, right?
So Zed is going with the opinion that a “game” of pure chance is a game. IMO, skill *must* be involved for it to be a game.
The tree shop needs a mail box so doc can send the profits through the mail
Wait till you find out that these earnings will entirely be sand.
It's a shame that each permit needs it's own shop. because regular and tinted glass is BEGGING for a chess themed store
Oh. I was today days old when I learned that you can craft magma blocks 😭😭
Quick question: Where do you get water for your gameified furnace, now that the glorious ravine is dug out completely?
So the bookshelves are like the crocodile teeth game
Zed should be the first mailed man. I'm thinking you could set up a filter in the mailbox to trigger an ender pearl stasis teleporter.
Tango said in his stream that if your portal is above Y63 you will end up on the roof portal. But if you are below that, you’ll end up in the mail system. So you may have to move your bottom up of the por-tall.
You should sell the glass in an optometrist looking shop, you've got the optic glass, and the shades
25:01 the house always wins (moss carpets making the player always lose) xD
every hermit doing a drumroll for zed was great
(I really hope someone sends a "Discretely packed explicit object" to the postal service, because that would be much more accurate and quite funny, not too adult)
why don't you make a random item game so when you go mineing or exploring you have to go though a random item game with all eqpment has curse of binding on them so you can remove them after you finish your mineing or exploring. just an idea for a game you could try keep up the good work
I love when you take something like enchanting and make it so unnecessarily complicated. XD  You might be able to set up a skulk sensor so it resets automatically after you've enchanted something.
I foresee much sand in your future Zed XD
Doc thinks his had you off since the profits he wants are sand...which shouldn't bother you given your trades!!!
0:56 "So much jam in this episode, maybe marmalade if you're lucky!"  "There's only one Hermit that would DARE give me the marmalade..." _puts helmet down_ "ZEDAPHHHH!" _knocked over by camera_
If you put multiple stamps in the dropper, you could randomize who gets a package?
The system is interesting (maybe I'd even try and replicate it when I will burn out of survival worlds less quickly) but without a simple way to get the lapis out of the game's hoppers it seems rather wasteful resourse-wise. Maybe someone had already suggested this (didn't really check through comments before typing) but I could also hook up a return-to-the-surface system (maybe some minecarts, hoppers and a line of droppers will do?)... maybe to activate when one'd leave the structure, not at every reset
29:50 sorry but you getting yellow and pick wool...make it sound verry rig
If Doc is planning on charging what I believe he is for that wood, then this deal will most definitely work in Zed's favor. Nice.
Little does Zed know, his deal with Doc’s gonna help his glassy endeavors
Can You Add a difficulty Level in your Enchanting Gamified where in Easy difficulty🐣- 1 Naughty Bookshelf Medium🐔 - 2 Naughty Bookshelves  Hard🔥 - 3 Naughty Bookshelves Lottery Luck🍗 - 4 Naughty Bookshelves   I challenge u
So many possibilities for games within the mail system - something like a chain letter perhaps?
You get a like but for the record, I'm disappointed the marmalade wasn't for real.
I can't wait to see someone else use his enchanting system and be confused
A naughty hole in the center of your crevasse... 🧐
I like this enchanting minigame a lot! ☺
Zedaph getting the most thematically appropriate permits is funny
Still have no idea how you do your amazing time lapses
Now you need to route the used lapis to a better location to pick it up to use again.
23:45 I just noticed Zed has very similar laughter to Etho when they laugh at their own stuff :D
Postmaster Pearl is so cool. That uniform! 😊 Great character! 😂
You know, having your own stamp isn't a bad idea. This way you can be out visiting another Hermit, or on a shopping trip, and if you need some inventory space just drop what you've been gathering in a delivery back home.
hey. I loved the episode as always. you should gmaeify the mail system somehow
Maybe add a light that comes on when the randomize is done and the enchanting mini game is "ready"?
Very good deal with the wood... I hope you like sand, because that's your payment...
2:14 i think you can continue your ravine in the nether*
I was enchanted to watch you
I'm shocked as to how cohesive your permits are! The dripstone store minigame sounds fun too, and also fits your minigame theme perfectly
Doc spelling wood types incorrectly in the contract books are either a coincidence… or else he’s going to say that he can’t give the other hermits any of the profits because they didn’t read the contract properly 😅
fyi, there's a 1 in 3 chance to get a 30-level enchantment in the minigame each time. (it's 11Choose8 divided by 12Choose8)
"you want to lick your own face?!" lol best time for Pearl to come back lol
I don't think he realized Doc will sell the wood for sand instead of diamonds.
you should gamify the mailbox as well! perhaps a stamp licking minigame?
I love it when I send myself chicken!  Me too, Zed, me too 😂
i was today years old when i learned you could craft magma cream and magma blocks?!
Zed has such a brilliant mind!
Can't wait to see the first payment from doc.
The naughty bookshelf 😂😂
29:06 Only Zed would make the hermits verbally sound out drumrolls for his permits lol
Iknow you said to do the leg work to get your 50% share but i couldn't help but wonder if you could have doc mail you your share of the profits!!
Zedaph's theme this season is "making life harder for myself"
That 50% is sand lmao
I love it such a good idea 👍🏻
Legit watching all 27 hermits just so o can enjoy the entire season and full my week until the next round of uploads
Oh it's Crocodile Dentist, that's brilliant!
Hmm... With the mailing system and going anonymously... How about sensing a book & quill where you start telling a story, send it to a random hermit, they continue the story and send it to someone random, all anonymously
Now Zed needs to gamify his postbox.
Would be cool for someone looking to buy dripstone off of your shop, they have to go through a minigame
I love how absolutely none of the hermits can be trusted with the mail service
Hey, with your glass permit, I think that deal with Doc is gonna work out pretty well for you!
I think it would be cool if, somehow (maybe through sensors or observers), once you've enchanted smth, the game would automatically reset
im just thinking about how he could use slime blocks (launchers and pads) to traverse the ravine in a playfull way... it could also be mad into a minigame.
Suggestion: Gamify sleeping with a counting minigame
Can't wait for Zed's glasses and sunglasses stand.
I don't know if you've ever played the bluffing card game Skull, but this enchanting game really looks like it has the same vibes of when you are the one taking a bet in that game and you have to flip the cards one by one to see if you've won.
I hope someone takes the sound of all the Hermits "doing a drumroll" with their mouths and does something with that sound.
Zed I am BEGGING you to leave instructions with your minigames!
That's the second typo I've noticed in Doc's contracts, I'm especting shenanigans...
your redstone is so easy to understand, you are beautiful :)
you can use the Chiseled Bookshelf to make it potentially more interesting the more books in the Chiseled Bookshelf the more enchant power it provides (i'm pretty sure at least)
Pearl should name her mule Mulejnir
Also i dont know if an item elevator would fit, but itd be cool if the Lapis got put back into one of the barrels on the side of the enchanter
How come Zed shortened his intro?
You should make sure that your tall portal lets you exit at the top, middle, and bottom of the nether, seeing as it already connects to both the roof and the mail system
this episode really fun
Zed, I can't express in words how much I love your videos, and also how happy they make me. So imagine me doing an interpretive dance showing my love and appreciation to your wacky and incredible videos.  Thank you.
🎉  😄 👌 👍
What's the double chest for in front of postbox for?
I hope Zed likes sand!
Thanks for your video, Zedaph!
Zed ads fun to having fun!
Not completely sure, but I think the moss carpets will block the bottom bookshelves from reaching the enchanter. Paused at 24:34 to type this
You could send disassembled contraptions and buildings like the old Sears catalogs in the US. "House in a box"! Like a correspondence thing. 7:06
Pink and yellow wool is just so good
I feel like the Enchanter should also have a cooldown timer that retracts the bookshelves if you take too long choosing your enchants. So not only might you hit the naughty bookshelf, but even if you don't, you have maybe 30 seconds to look through your options before everything gets pulled back.
For the enchanting game, can you use an Observer on the enchanting table to auto-reset after enchanting?
Loving your episodes as usual
Just love the Enchanting mini game!
The way you play minecraft is just so dang delightful, Zed. As soon as I can get on today, I want to start building a mansion of minigames. A game in every room! Currently brainstorming what manner of game would fit well in a bathroom 🤔
Possibly being able to hear where the randomizer stopped is a feature, not a bug.  Adding a bit of skill to mostly luck games is always the best.
“I get sucked into the mail system” is not a sentence I would have thought I’d ever hear lol.
Etho: Glass Leader 😅😅😅
Curious if each hermit stamp takes different.
Amazing episode as always Zed!
He kinda became Zed Kaczynski for a moment there
I always appreciate you showing the contraption-making step by step.  All the steps are simple, I can see how they work, and they come together to make a complex thing that would otherwise feel overwhelming.  But seeing you do it in steps makes me feel like I could do it too, which inspires me to do cool stuff myself.
cant wait to see what game youre going to make next!!
i think you could simplify the random naughty bookshelf system with something like tango's card shuffler from season 7 (i dont think he used it for decked out 2) where you have a bunch of dispensers facing each other that fire a bunch, randomizing the distribution. you could have a ring of dispensers instead of the hoppers in the current system, fire them all a bunch, and only one of the items out of a hundred or whatever has enough signal strength to power the piston. just brainstorming
thought the title said garfield lol
You should return the Lapis to one of tbe barrels that you used to decorate the enchanter
Zed, what happens when the item stops on the corner hopper, no bad bookshelves, you should take the redstone dust off the corner hoppers.
For the clock with the second dropper you can actually get all 15 redstone signal levels and it becomes arguably even more random.  9 in one and 6 in the other. Then everytime a randomizer goes around it's even random which of the now 7 shulkers gets back into the draw.
Cool
You could make things randomly shoot at you when ur climbing the ladders. Make that a game 😂
Postman Pearl Postman Pearl And her black and white cat  😅😅😅
i am here
the more I watch these episodes the more the ravine appears to be worm shaped
Post system? Pipe bomb time
You could build a room around the enchanting area (with big windows) and connect the entrance to the redstone so it'll automagically randomise without having to remember to press the button. Great for other hermits using it.
14:35 Zed? 😂hurted my sides from laughing onto this lmao
.
A little bird tells me that you got your first diamonds 😅  * Edit: Diamond Armour!
Your intros are definitely the best, and I believe you are the only hermit editing your videos! Love it! ❤
I'm disappointed that your poor, tall portal doesn't pour tools.
we need to go on a strike, the long intro needs to come back. I can't concentrate on how amazing Zedaph is without my jazzy music.
I hope visitors start using Zedaph's elevators to exit the ravine in the future
zedaph ,"don't worry I have ideas" the whole world knows
My boy is walking around with stone tools 😭 someone please help him out
If one were to have pity on the portal would it be a poor poor-tall portal?
Yey hermitcraft
just in time for my lunch break, i love you zedaph
Zed just gives off such ecstatic energy and I love it!
Great Video Zed!
aa rlly looking forward to watching this during my free period !! i love what you're doing this season so far :D
Yay it’s Zed! ^^
yaey
I SAW them setting up the randomiser for the permit distribution system in videos, and I'm just in awe at how perfectly distributed some of these permits are. Like someone gets a permit and it's the most fitting permit for them to get (like you and the wool). It's amazing.  (Also, the enchantment setup reminds me of like... Buckaroo as a kid. It looks really fun!)
Maybe once the shopping district is up and thriving you can gamify a shopping trip. One idea I have seen tossed around on the Patreon server back when you were doing Zedvancements was to try and get as many vanilla advancements as possible while shopping. But if you changed that slightly to a versus with another hermit and a timer, you could try and rack up as many points as possible while simply shopping. One example would be picking up crying obsidian gives an advancement. If you extend it out just a bit, buying a totem of undying and then dying would also give an advancement.  Also, getting your brand colors for wool is amazing and I love that that happened.
I am here for the drip stone shop being a minigame. The chaos of it all!!!! Excellent episode, as always, Mr. Zedaph!
Ooooh, the time-travellers return~ (And will be back to write a proper comment after watching the video lol)
With your new enchantment Roulette, it feels almost like you are building a Casino Ravine! O! Casino Ravine-o? Seriously though I love how you show how the magic works whenever you build one of your contraptiony gadgets!
I wish more redstone was described as ‘naughty’ and ‘spaghetti’ rather than all this tfloping and snorlacks. I think I’d actually understand it then!
Poor Tango is getting traumatized by your stone shovels, first by you using them in front of him on the last livestream, and now you're "stealing" shulkers from him and filling them with shovels 😂
❤
It's a shame the calibrated sculk sensor won't work with an enchanting table! That way you could have reset it automatically after a successful enchant! Either way, what an annoying enchanting table! And great job on the Doc deal!!
Tension Report  Episode Title: Post, Permits & Paperback Play!!! - Hermitcraft Season 10 #4 Channel: ZedaphPlays Date: 26th of February 2024  Overall tension rating: 7 Caution is advised  While this episode begins in the cheerful manner often associated with Zedaph's work, there are two noteable points of high tension in the mid to late parts of the episode. Viewers may wish to exercise their discretion in observing the enchanting and the distribution of "Hermit Permits".  No excessive tension investigations are commencing as a result of this episode, as it does not exceed the Permissable Tension Threshold.  A referral has been made to the Dropper Randomisation Investigation Executive over the issuance of certain Hermit Permits to Zedaph.  This concludes the Tension Report for this episode.  Certified by Tension Agent #778 Verified by Tension Agent #89
You have very much peaked my interest with that drippy minigame there, Mr. Zed of the aph 👀👀👀👀👀
Pop-Down-Enchanting the minecraft Pop-Up-Pirate, love it! Simple idea but so fun.
If I ever do redstone, I will only ever refer to it as the happy lines and the naughty lines from now on.
What an enchanting episode! Love the bookshelves game, a library with the suspense of minesweeper! Perhaps you could add some success/fail note blocks to make it feel like a gambling machine
Great progress on the ravine! It’ll be entertaining to see what you do with those hermit permits!
But the question is, will you enter the nether before falling from the upper layer.
