Martial became the biggest capper with this LMFAOO
that was not what i was looking for
------------------- ENG ----------------- Dear developers! I'm a big fan of fighting games. I want to tell you that parts of UFC 3-5 are a completely different mechanics of fighters' movements. The difference compared to UFC2 is very big! In UFC2, it was created just optimally! The most realistic ! It's better not to do it anymore. She was as realistic as possible ! In 2023, EA Games closed the servers and 1000 fans of this game around the world lost the mega exciting hobby of playing Online mode, i.e. Ultimate Team! Tell me what to do? How do I get everything back to how it was? If you want, I will do a lot: I will gather thousands of people who are ready to pay for server restoration, I will gather a lot of fans of fighting games, including fans of UFC2, so that it becomes financially profitable for you. Perhaps disabling UFC2 from the Ultimate Team was done with the release of UFC5. But UFC5 did not meet any expectations and did not even stand next to UFC2 in terms of mechanics, beauty, and realism of combat! Only the graphics are good in UFC 3-5, it can be praised. Although she was super at UFC2 too! UFC2 is simply a Masterpiece!!!!!!!! I speak as an avid fan of this game. I played online every day and there were always a lot of people who played Ultimate Team UFC2. With the release of 3,4,5 parts, I just stopped playing. Because compared to UFC2, in terms of interest, it's all nonsense. It's not interesting to play. The mechanics of movement and combat are completely different! Listen to your fan. Let's cooperate. And we will return the best fighting game to people, and we will also make it profitable for you. Just WHY DEPRIVE HUMANITY of what has already been DISCOVERED! INVENTED! Ultimate Team UFC2 was the best hobby for me! I played every day! And thousands of fans are just like me. It's just that people don't know where to turn. I appeal to America, to Americans and all fans of fighting games. Let's bring back the best fighting game invented by EA Games together. Dear company, we are not interested in parts of UFC 3-5! It is UFC2 that we are interested in!!!!!!!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_tchdKjYpI&t=5s  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJcFNTwZSfI  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_tchdKjYpI&t=33s  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bl5DbKE9UGM  ------------------ RUS -----------------------  Уважаемые разработчики ! Я большой любитель файтингов. Хочу вам сказать, что части UFC 3-5 это совсем другая механика движений бойцов. Разница по сравнению с UFC2 очень большая ! В UFC2 она была создана просто оптимально ! Наиболее реалистично ! Т е лучше уже не надо и не сделать. Т е она максимально была реалистична !  В 2023 компания EA Games закрыла  сервера и 1000-и фанатов этой игры по всему миру потеряли мега увлекательное увлечение играть в Он-лайн режим, т е Ultimate Team ! Скажите, что делать? Как вернуть всё как было? Если хотите я сделаю очень много: соберу тысячи людей готовых платить за восстановление серверов, соберу очень много любителей файтингов, в том числе и фанатов именно UFC2, чтобы для вас это стало выгодно в финансовом плане. Возможно отключение UFC2 от Ultimate Team было сделано с выпуском UFC5. Но UFC5 не оправдала никаких надежд и даже рядом не стояла с UFC2 по механике, красоте, реалистичности боя ! Только графика хорошая в UFC 3-5 , это можно похвалить. Хотя в UFC2 она тоже была супер ! UFC2 это просто Шедевр !!!!!!!! Говорю как заядлый фанат этой игры. В Он-лайн режиме я играл каждый день и народу кто играл в Ultimate Team UFC2 всегда было очень много.  С выходом 3,4,5-й частей я просто перестал играть. Потому что по сравнению с UFC2 в плане интереса это всё ерунда. Не интересно играть. Механика движений, боя совсем другая ! Прислушайтесь к вашему поклоннику. Давайте сотрудничать. И мы вернём лучший файтинг людям, и также прибыльно сделаем и для вас. Просто ЗАЧЕМ ЛИШАТЬ ЧЕЛОВЕЧЕСТВО того что уже ОТКРЫТО! ИЗОБРЕТЕНО! Ultimate Team  UFC2 для меня было лучшим увлечением ! Я играл каждый день ! И  тысячи фанатов такие же как и я. Просто люди не знают куда обращаться. Обращаюсь ко Америке, к Американцам и всём любителям файтингов. Давайте вместе вернём лучший файтинг, изобретённый компанией EA Games. Уважаемая компания нам не интересны части UFC 3-5 ! Нам интересна именно UFC2 !!!!!!!
Not Bying anything from EA is the best option you have tbh if you want to preserve gaming that is..
will come out on pc?
Why not a groin icon?
It literally seems like the person that created the fighting controls never held a controller in their lives. The controls are not the same as ufc 4 and you cabnot change them and that is one that that absolutely nakes this game not worth playing. Thankfully i got the game for only 40 bucks
martial is a sell out definitely 🤣
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Im coming here for Ronda Rousey
The Best MMA Game in recent Years
I want to buy this Masterpiece
GREAT DEEP DIVE FOR EA UFC 5
UFC have copied undisputed but will they finally bring it out on pc
I’m playing ufc4 and I had way more strikes than my opponent and he won by decision ea cmon already dose this with madden fix the game ea fix the game
I didn’t buy this one simply because you guys took away our ability to customize our created fighters moveset. 😞
Stay away dont buy it, resist and be smarter than me.   I just gave this one 1 star on psn. Im fed up the bugs, then bugs we've known for years in worst. Nothing is fixed submission game is allmost entirely out of the game. Career is the same boring bs. The  i dont play this game online alot mostly with friends and tournament mode now if your like me and enjoy your tournament mode get ready to be dissapointed aswell, on multiple occations when im creating one and using the auto fill option for fighters theres a huge chance that you get 4 brandon morenos and 3 figureidos in the same tournament. So you got to close it create a new one auto fill again. And again this one (bug) wasnt present in the previous ones. From ufc 1 to 2 there was a change. Not just a buggy graphics update
Ea sports make a choice of weights. I don't want to play in women's and lightweight. I'm an old man now. I get upset and turn off your game after I come across women's or light weights. Or do it like in UFC 4. Stop mocking me. There is a desire to delete your game.
Why not release it on pc
Just gets gayer and gayer every yr
😊🎉🎉
YOUR FIGHT WEEK CHALLENGES ARE BROKEN. CANT COMPLETE THEM AS NOT TRACKING ALSO I JUST SPENT 11,000 POINT TO SKIP/UNLOCK 2 CHALLENGES AND NOW THEY ARE LOCKED AGAIN? REFUND ME MY POINTS!!
EA SPORTS UFC 5 even though is like copy paste of even the 2014's EA SPORTS UFC, its still great game overall.
Worst ufc ever I want my money back
why shill martial
Bruh Herb Dean is the only ref in the game EA is so freaking lazy They need to revoke their UFC license or no one’s gonna buy their future games….
the game looks nothing like this trailer lmao
Online career mode is full of brolic boxing spammers with no moves . Why are “ real mma” artist being punished to have to spend points on an arsenal of moves instead of being brolic …. Broken online career
Online quick game . Why is my created fighter have to abide by moves that I don’t want . I want to have my personal moves , my own arsenal that I legitimately practice.. online career is broken (brolic boxing spammers)and quick fight.. I have to abide by style moves.. so stupid..
Gram w UFC od pierwszego wydania w 2014 i z każdą kolejna odslona gra byla lepsza. W UFC 4 przegralem 400 h. Napalilem sie na UFC 5 i kupiłem preorder. Nigdy sie tak nie zawiodlem na UFC jak w przypadku piątej części. Ciezkie sterowanie, komiskowa grafika, na klasycznych ustawieniach kamery gra skacze. Przetestowałem wszystkie ustawienia w grze i nic mnie nie ucieszyło . Jestem mocno zawiedziony. Wracam do UFC 4 gdzie gra sie lekko i przyjemnie
6:24 button spamming is just as effective as it’s been before
This is literally a balance patch in other games
The lunges and head movement was pretty OP of you know how to use it   Most people will block the body and move their head and you can't really cause damage
UFC Undisputed 3 is still king. 👑
they just used a bunch of buzz words and pros in this video. can i get an actual description of what im buying from someone who has it.. im specifically wondering how similar is it to ufc 4 & if its even worth getting on next gen i play ufc4 on my ps4 but i have a ps5
Hell yeah Ni*** we MADE IT!- Nas
Not mad at him for getting his money but bro you took a check over being valid we know you cap 🧢 now bro you know this game don’t accurately do anything but steal from mma fans he’s ea owned now lmao
Another cash grab this does not look worth 70 bucks.
UFC 4 with a big patch..... freaking scam!
可以修改一下旋轉攻擊的按鍵嗎？ 這樣施展攻擊的速度好慢 可以跟纏抱對調嗎？
No walk outs during custom events or career mode. No national pants for cafs only black.. as real as it gets
I know they said the referee is going to break apart the action at a stoppage but during this, the referee is still 6 feet away, which is something I always hated about MMA games
The last good ufc game was ufc 2..
Looks alot like UFC 4 with just better details.
Doctor stoppage in a video game is ridiculous
I didn’t play UFC 1. - UFC2 was a whole new kind of fighting game, but left a lot to be desired as far as realism & felt a little clunky at times. - UFC3 seemed like a huge upgrade as far as fluidity & realism went. I was very happy with the combat - UFC4 felt like a downgrade for me personally, but mostly I only played it around the time of release so I’m not sure if it’s any better now. It just felt like somehow it became more of an arcade fighter than an MMA simulator.  With those things said, UFC5 looks like a promising move in the right direction. Looks to me like they’re finding a good balance between realism and that satisfying feeling of pulling off movement & combos that only seasoned fighters can pull off in real life.
BRING "FINISH THE THE FIGHT" MECHANIC BACK!!!
Game is sh*t, I am surprised it’s not called 2k23, 24 will be out next year with your next add on to fix all the bugs in the new game, it’s all about the money hyped it up for fk all. 🤡 I bet people can still rage quit whenever they want too I’d save your money on this one. What a disappointing pos game waste of money.
So now we can’t even change opponents faces too much cuz doctors are stepping in to prevent you from doing it..Man idk, EA should be stripped from licenses on making sports games, with every year their games are getting fkn worse and folks are still rewarding them by buying that trash, wake  the fk up people cuz their incomes are dependent on us.
gimme pc
It looks cool, but EA please remember it's a game. More comlpex doesn't mean more fun.
UFC 2 movements still feels the most natural to me. The punches in UFC 4 looked so stiff and weird.
When will they bring it for PC!!!!@@@@@@
Excited for this game man, I stay playing ufc 4
Ufc 2 striking mechanics were unmatched.
Hopefully career mode is better and longer
They had the game play perfect in ufc 3 they just keep making it worse
This game looks like it’s gona be worse then 4
Idk how its 2023 and they still cant make the impact of the hits look like they would actually knock someone out… they always make the sound effects over the top and the visuals underwhelming . They need to show the kinetic energy from your punch traveling through the target theres very little kinetic momentum in the punches
The only new thing is the doctor's stoppages. But guys! They turned the contrast up and made the animations faster to hide the jankiness! I can't wait to see how much more they watered down the CAF and career so they could add more cosmetic nonsense.
If they didn’t put ground and pound elbows back in I will not be buying
The submission mechanics worry me. But I'll withhold full judgement until I see them in action
All the new features are already on ufc 4 😐
UFC 3 button layout was perfect for striking, played 1000+ online games on 2 & 3. 4s buttons were too confusing looks like 5s will be the same 🤣
looks terrible lol
Where is fight night?????
Интересно, раздел онлифанс будет добавлен в игру за отдельные донаты?)
By any chance can you ever bring ufc to switch
there faces get really red
Man no 12 to 6 elbows? Wth
Main thing I hate about this is the characters all look like they are moving around on puppet strings.  When are they going to innovate on that.
Looks like ufc 4
Please a PC version for this opus !
Usada does not approve .😂😂
Wish they would use real walkout songs for fighters
Martial maaaaan im so happpy
still a trash a** game it’s going to be
Thankyou ill stick to Ufc 3
Will it be on PC????
Animations looks weak, every punch looks weak, they're gliding around. No true power shots or fun. UFC 2 was still the best one.   Another L.
This make my heart drop if it’s the best and I think it’s gonna be a miracle for me.
This is a joke. It looks exactly the same.
Ea is trash
can we choose the side of camera corner view ? no one likes to play on the right side with reversed controls
doctor stppage is gonna be annoying tbh hopefully you can turn it off....
The ground game has always been this games weakspot
Martial is the Cormier of the UFC game 😊. Very happy for you Nwanne mm.
6:43 lol he says this as we watch izzy literally glide across the floor. its honestly super frustrating to watch modern game studios reskin all their games and treat us like idiots who cant tell the difference.
Yeah they've been reskinning the same game for years. Looks exactly like ufc 3.
Hopefully martial will carry on speaking his mind on his channel and not jus smile and agree w everything ea do for ufc 5
A New trailler call:  "deep dive grappling and clinch système" will be very very cool... It is juste a dream^^  Sorry for mistake i'm french🙏
Why can’t we just keep the same controls for 2 games in a row? I have over 1000 hours in UFC 4 and now I have to start at square one again. I can already tell the uppercut and spins are going to be very clunky and the new striking system just killed any hype I had for the game
I hope there will have no woke sheet
Les animations de déplacements sont désastreuses
Les animations de déplacements sont désastreuses
How does this look wkrse than UFC 1
Ufc 2 gameplay was better, I don’t get why you ruined it ufc 3 onwards
And still this game animation is shitty
All these “new animations” have been the same since ufc 3 lol
I expected more from martial be honest have some self respect this is just ufc 4
It would’ve been sick if the blood in your eyes distorted your vision
Ufc 3 graphic is better
Crazy they paid martial to advertise it. At least he’s getting his bag but I’m not a fan. Pryoxis is allowed to give his REAL REVIEW. Since he isn’t paid off. Ea is dog water bro
Is it me or does UFC3 still looks better?
Striking still looks like it did in 3 and 4.   Ufc 2 was the peak, less realistic but also more reaction based instead of combo.
where's the wrestling game @EA SPORTS
Bummed, I don’t think I can play on any of my consoles 😢
Literally looks worse than ufc 4 🤦🏻‍♂️
Faces still look like lifeless puppets
Guess I’ll be hugging everyone online from now on lol
Oh anothers, guess i have to comment. Change meny layouts "wow", doctor stopage, ref intervention, once again "wow" the very first ufc game had those. Like 20 years ago, bur then it was tkq.   Better add half new movements, grappling positions for fans to think its also made new. Change some colors layouts once again.  Will we make a brand new ground gsme? F***k that, they dont notice if ŵe add/ trim submissions up 60%  Same thing, could had been done to a patch upgrade. But lets follow the trend, we call it ufc 5 and people think its a new game if we also add some cutscenes into the old game, such as in carrer mode.    Lets rip them off, the players intelligence is so bad. We gotta hire you cormier to get them few to pre order.   This reminds me of what casinos does, the blinking colors, sound blinking ambience.   And frostbite, didnt you now just mention them in ufc 3 and 4.  And "wow" now we can see our eknockouts in reply. First we save some of our minium budget if we remove all the fans, and call it stunning.   With more micro transactions and greed just like my ex.   Well done ea sports, the destroyer of the gaming world
We need this on pc
MARTIALLLL
More like PartialMind
bring it to PC PLEASE
We get stun icons in ranked?
They should have a cut man fearure like fught night did you do good stop bleeding it help you in next round
It looks so terrible.
I wish they would keep the UFC 3 THQ controls. Clinch and ground game in EA ufc 4 sucks
same graphic from ufc 2
Needed the doctor stoppage added. Focus brought back to defensive tactics
jogo feioso, os lutadores sao td um boneco duro sem reações naturais, com expressões faciais de uma porta.. não vou comprar, mas espero q seja pelo menos melhor q o ultimo desastre ufc4
Please EA make a pc version in the future. As you said in an interview, focus on PS5 & Xbox series, and then make Pc players able to play UFC with a port. Like me many players enjoyed your previous releases in old gen consoles and want to keep playing this next game, which looks fantastic by the way.
I like the head movement enhancements I'm a fan of bobbing and weaving conter strike type
EA PLEASE HAVE AN OPTION TO TURN OFF DOCTOR STOPPAGE! MORE DAMAGE AND BLOOD IS FUN AND A GOOD IDEA! HOWEVER IT DOESNT MEAN ANYTHING IF A “Doctors stoppage” STOPS US FROM SEEING IT.
Grappling and submissions are still ass I see 🙄
Why can’t ea take any leaps or bonds ever they have the same fucking animations every years scrap that fucking game enigine and make a new one
So proud for the Man Martial Mind!! He deserves it and much more
Bro made it
Most of these features were in UFC undisputed 3 like 10 years ago lol EA is trash
They should put andrew tate in here😂😂
They need a ranked stand and bang mode!
I feel like it would be cool to have a sandbox career mode. It wouldn’t have much of a story but you also wouldn’t have to worry about longevity or having to retire ever. The story mode can have the longevity so the people that like that can still have a semi authentic experience. I think having an option to tap would be cool too. You have a few seconds to tap when a submission is locked. If you don’t you suffer an injury and you can’t fight for a week weeks or months. It would also affect your longevity for sustaining an injury like that. Maybe a small stat decrease for your first few games back since you’d be rusty. Things like that would be pretty cool.
this is ufc 2 with better graphics! i cant wait
bruh looks the same as UFC2, EA didnt bother changing animations
Please put ragdoll physics back on for knock downs and knock outs
Honestly dont care about all this,   I want actual winner announcements.   Cutscenes for Career.  Weigh-ins   Etc.
Garage
I was going to pre-order this. Now I will not 😂
So there’s transitions from the guillotine, that’s great
something doesn't feel right about the combat, the punches and kicks all look kinda weak
Trash i want boxing game
Ojala fuera una mezcla de fight night round 3 con smack down de playstation 2 El FNR3 era excelente en muchos aspectos, las físicas, la simpleza, pero al mismo tiempo lo intuitivo del uso de los analógicos del joystick, también el minijuego en el que curas a tu peleador entre rounds. Entiendo que ufc es mas amplio que el boxeo. Luego la parte de la sumisión creo que Smack down vs Raw de playstation 2 lo hacia muy bien.  Siempre pensé que tendria que haber un juego de UFC que mezclara la jugabilidad de pie del fight night round 3 con la jugabilidad del smack down vs raw en clinch y piso.
Fighters still look stiff as a board.  BS upgrades only.  Typical EA.  No thanks.
Have the upper body and lower body block buttons been changed?  I prefer the defense control buttons we had in UFC 2.
Bro that light you use for your narration makes you look like you’re a player in the Video game. It’s aesthetically pleasing.
LOL ANYBODY ELSE IMMENSELY UNDERWHELMED…?
The kicks look wayy too slow. Ea needs to step up. Smh
Looks like they finally sped up the fighters speed... ufc 4 was throwing hits Tooo Slow
So will there be elbows in this rhe full mount position?....😮
martial mind looks like a ninja turtle
UFC 4 copy paste
is it gonna be on PC this time? or are we still waiting
Meh, still looks herky jerky.
Can y’all drop fight night again please
plus i font des nouveaux jeux plus i sont nuls et c quoi ca j’imagine meme pas gta 6
Do titles change in exhibition that’s the real question
Is game face coming back?
Man can we elbow in mount yet?
Why this motherf from EA don't release this game to PC?
Same clunky bs.
shut up and show the gameplay
MARTIAL IM SO GLAD TO SEE THIS VIDEO!! THE TIME HAS COME! Guess I’m gonna be watching endless martial minds again next year
Doctor stoppages seems like some future BS in the game.
No PC release is a huge L.
No  PC version?
Can we have post fight interviews where the fighters talk after a win or loss ??
We need game chat fr!
아니 무슨 말로만 빠르고 게임이 실제 같다고 매번 떠들고 정작 게임은 느려 터졌냐구. 진정성이 없어 EA는
Too bad it's not on pc ya'll lost a customer
No ogre looking  face swelling??? 👎🏻
1:59 they added the insanely dangerous oblique kick 😂
Beat defensive head movement in ufc4 imho is Dominic Cruz. He has some slick moves and combos you can do.
Bring it to PC, you bastards! I NEED IT! 😭
Can’t wait they definitely stepped up their game!!!
Why McGregor face looks nothing like him? Were there any improvements of graphics, cuz I cant see them?
Martial Mind deserves this. Huge respect to EA for bringing a huge ambassador of the community into the front and center.
lol no PC port. Steam deck version please
Ufc 4 update, 👎🏼👎🏼
Necesitamos un juego de boxeo 🥊🥊🥹🥹🥹
I want to have a mode where all fighters stats are from when they were in their prime not based on their last fight
Ok I am in two different minds about this game now it looks the same graphics but interesting to see the new control system
Who is this clown talking just show the gameplay ffs
They could make a great boxing game, yet they are wasting time with ufc because of its popularity. Understandable, but to  make a good ufc game takes futuristic tech.
put it on pc
Doctor stoppage is going to be awful
Every fighter goes beet red even in a leg lock😡 cant wait to see a red Derek Lewis😂
We need this game on PC.
UFC 4 REMASTERED OFFICIALLY
Bro loves saying “authentically” & “significantly”
to PC please :/
الهم اغفر للمسلمين والمسلمات والمؤمنين والمؤمنات الأحياء منهم والأموات اللهم امين يارب العالمين وياك يارب العالمين
They way the players move around with that robotic feet shuffle is killing me
I hope y’all have an option to take off doctor stoppage , atleast for offline matches.
SO ITS ONLY ON PS5 ?!?!?!
Martial Mind the fat virgin who sold out
Very disappointing to see it’s just a UFC 4 re-skin. Changed a few inputs and adjusted a few dials, added more blood, slightly improved textures/lighting, exact same stiff repetitive animations. Almost could’ve been released as a next gen exclusive UFC 4 DLC
So it took 3 years to adjust some dials, switch some inputs, and add more blood?
UFC 4 is less realistic than Mortal Kombat ffs. Hope this time they are making an MMA game and stopped smoking crack
Bring bak UFC2 Physics please
All I want is UFC2 LIVE Multiplayer again
Why they got the minecraft dirt block guy on this video
Looks exactly like 4
The new gameplay sucks. I miss the old one the old undisputed, these games every time I lay a punch on someone it looks like I’m not even touching them.
The ground game just ruins the whole game. Just like the real sport.
Very disappointing
fight week will be so good sometimes i just wanna play the real world match cards
we want this on PC!
@12:02-12:04 I can already tell stamina is going to be bad in this game
WOW! That is some crazy stamina draining @11:41-11:45.... These are athletic fighters, why do they always lose so much stamina in these games after throwing 3 or 4 punches and one kick
I hope your stamina don’t drain just because you are lunging away or using footwork .
They got this dude reading a script 😂
So ufc 4, dont get this? Like a legit question
my guyyy martial mind 🔥🔥
This was a really well put together vid. Nice one. 👍
This will be my first UFC game, it looks like alot of fun
2023 all the comments are about the presenter games RIP
So submissions/grou d game are based on stamina only instead of an actual system- that's terrible and I only see this as EA phasing out grappling without phasing out the grappling. Like, you literally just perform the perform the submission input then wait to see if it finishes your opponent - how lame.
I really don't understand Why do you keep deleting what was there? elbow, hammer fists, stomp kick  EA don't have the technology? Please make it possible.
Do somthing about referee stoppage animation, referee should personaly stop fighters if stoppage occurs i can that herb deen only give hand signal to stop?
Elbows in ground and pound and doctor stoppages along with more facial damage is all I wanted! I'm happy! AS LONG AS THEY DELIVER!
looks so dam trash just like ufc 4,3 and 2
Wait, why’d they change the uppercut button input to override overheads, with their reasoning being pressing two face buttons is clunky—for them to change spin kicks to two face buttons
I hope they let you choose shorts color in career mode.
Looking at the beta reviews im ashamed Martial Mind became an EA Sports shill.
Seems like theyre taking all the skill away from the game buffing deffense. Trying to make it for casuals who dont know how fighting works, like mortal combat
I hope this isnt the finished product, ufc 2 is still king
Looks alright but why is it that any sport game is literally a carbon copy every release.. Madden, 2K, FIFA, UFC, etc. they never change much for the price of these games they need to do better
Dude they literally made the only way to win by picking kickboxers and backing up
“The significance of the footwork stat has been notably amplified” Dude that was literally the worst part of 4 you really made the charecter differential GREATER????
Making the guys run away faster is NOT a good thing. Are we really going to reward runners?
so its really a UFC 4.5. Just a improved version of Ufc 4.
Presuming this wont be available on PC, as usual? Question for the console peeps.... which is best console to buy with this game on release? Cheers ✌🏻
What about career
It is amazing that still after 5 games that EA has brought out it will never compare to the gameplay and fluidity of THQ UFC undisputed..3.  I have no idea why they can’t copy it after 5 games and it’s still this clunky gameplay with awkward transitions. For instance you can jump straight into ground and pound when you drop an opponent in THQ. You do the same thing in EA and try to jump into G & P and it transitions to you holding your opponents feet then transition to ground and pound. So dumb!
Hate to be negative but it doesn’t look like you guys did much in 3 years time…   Didn’t do anything to the ground game or clinch game. Same system that no one likes.  Other than that the game looks good.  3 years time… we should of had a completely new ground system and not this mini game bs
This could have been a simple patch for Ufc 4. Is a new animation and Dr. stoppage enough for a new game ?
It looks like you can only elbow from on top one time then just goes back down into guard kinda silly if you ask me
game looks like trash again
Oh, so they are releasing UFC 4 for PS5. Got it. I'll pass. There hasn't been a good UFC game since Undisputed 3 and I'm finally learning my lesson.
NOT buying. Make that money, Martial, but you lost my respect Mr Employee.
Please Come in PC games
From smacking up NWO rowdy savage to promoting ufc 5. Martial Mind has made it
11:58 so the took away two buttons for uppercut but added two buttons for spinning attacks?🤔
Ong this looks amazing 😍🤩
They gotta fix that left hook animation and we still can't change camera angles and all they had to do is switch back to UFC 2 fighting mechanics and make the R1 button to throw upper cuts   so u can back up
Yea you got the goat to play the game but it’s ufc 4,5
The strands of hair move on impact. Das crazy styll
Still no instant replay/replay editor?? Sheesh
5:04 nice position
All we need is a new EA boxing game
No PC, no money. Easy.
Drink when he says ‘icon’
Can wet get a new fight night bro
Just decided to cancel my preorder. Apart from the fact, UFC 5's stand-up is IDENTICAL to its 3-year old predecessor, they didn't even send me a beta code - even though i preordered every single EA UFC game (actually even since THQ's Undisputed 2009) and signed up with that PSN-account as soon as the registration form went online. I do say that rarely, but: will buy when its on sale for ~20 bucks. EA obviously put only the bare minimum of effort into this game and i really, really hope there will be some kind of competing MMA game. Would buy a 2K Bellator game over this in a heartbeat *rant over*
You know what would be cool if on career mode when you get cut it would scar your face
Can anyone confirm or know if there will be different fighting styles for CAF? Are they adding Karate?
Hola sport a mi no Sale fc mobile
Bruh now I gotta completely learn how do combos and strike because or the change
Is it on ps4
Hopefully martial got that 💰
Tbh i could make the grappling/submissions better but they would never listen
Pls on pc
I’m getting the deluxe I want Mike Tyson and Mohamed Ali but I’m not paying $100+ for the pre order
There should a system where advantage is slightly given to ground game by using body direction along with “ proper ground “ passes and sweeps in that direction to get an edge .   It’s pretty much preparing to go to the move and achieving it by having the body move in a slight direction .   L3 can work as posture low and posture high to make things even more advance .
Changing&learning the controls is gonna suck
Can you now focus on a new fight night game?
we need a PETITION for voice chat on ufc 5 how make it happening
Am I alone who thinks that UFC 3 still better then this shi....
thats big Cant wait to play this particular one way more exciting gameplay almost perfect thats big
Just want a new boxing game with all the legends...
TRAIGANLO A PC PLSSSS
Anybody else thought he was a white guy until now?
I'm confussed... so you hit X and O to do a spin and add O to make it a kick... but how do you add O if you already have it pressed for the spin?
Needs better graphics
80% of the game is recycled, victory animations, ground and pound, transitions, exhaustion animations.  The tattoos look horrible, the entrances are the same.  There really isn't much hype on my part for this UFC 4 DLC
Sell that piece of sh*t game martial😂
I'm only getting this if the character creation system has been updated.  The old create-a-character system is dated and stupid-looking.
The only difference I see in this whole video at all, is that they added back elbows on the ground, and changed the submission system.   Everything else literally looks like UFC4 copy and pasted.   I know they're saying "new animations", but I didn't see a single one. Every animation looks the same.
Just Copy and Paste of UFC 4
Ima stick with 3 the og
Ass
You've got to be kidding that that's what Charles hair looks like. 15:00
So what about takedowns and takedown defenses.. that topic was glossed over
Good game. definitely not worth 79.99 CAD
Fight to the death modes coming next year
EA should just bring back fight night
Ground game looks much better
Fighters moves like elderly imo
bro what is this striking system why is that a thing
I saw both ufc 2 and 3 gameplay trailer and people in comments are saying both of that games is same and garbage and wont buy it as well i think ea ufc community is toxic and always complaining like there's literal 10 hour trail before buying the game just try it if you dont like it dont buy it
Really love how you captured the rigidity of the striking and movement from UFC 4 in this game. Can't wait to buy it on sale maybe
Our boy martial sold out lmao it’s the same game
Niceee they bought back ground elbows ( on top) and overall the game looks magnificent soooo excited can’t wait to buy it.
Love the franchise. Such a ridiculous thing that is not on PC. Shame on EA for that.  So happy for Martial Mind btw.
Winnin with James Vick is gonna be so much easier due to doctors stoppage
Why is this game not available on PC? All fighting games like Street Fighter 6, Mortal Kombat 1, Tekken 8  and so on are available on PC.
Use me as hype button
I’m def excited for this game. I just wish it had more features that UFC Undisputed 3 had. Like flying mouthpieces, better clinches, seated cage clinching, etc… but all in all I’m still excited.
It's still the same game this isn't  a fighting game there should be major changes and gonna say game is coming out in 1 months smh
Is there cage position
gameplay looks the same of UFC 4.... graphics looks the same.... terrible....
We had doctor stoppages on the old THQ games years ago glad to see it back but hardly mad exciting news
Ufc 3 better graphics
What I have noticed is people expect to much out of a game, like seriously I'm tired of seeing people complain about this game. It looks fine to me, I will definitely enjoy it I play offline anyways and I have been a UFC fan since 2015. I'm excited can't wait till this game is available to buy.
Martial been a few years since I have seen ya. I see Jiu Jitsu is good to you. Still training right? By the way 4 was not for me. I played high level UFC3 but 4 just wasn't it for me. Excited about this one.
Martiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaal
When will we have next gen graphics? It is so poor! It seems to be like the previous one!
Can I get slam kos plz
Finally ufc 4 with an update
It looks exactly the same...
Make a boxing game 😭
So the clinch is still broken yeah ?
bad game
Not coming to pc 👎👎
Weak
So no grapple overhaul, no clinch overhaul, same old fucken animations. But have elbows on the ground and doctor stoppage. Ea has dine ut again. This is their new fifa😂
Martial Mind is a sell out
Bro ufc 2 is best idk why it got so lame and such terrible game play 🤣🤦‍♂️
Grappling & ground & pound looking fire asf, but EA get these fighters to mo-cap their strikes pleeeeeeeeaaaaaase also their footwork, block style all that
Brotha you made it!!!😳
Wow, I’m 3 minutes in and already so overwhelmed but also excited for all these new icons that’s being talked about. I hope we see more icons in the future, and hopefully we get some really cool icon DLCs in the near future.
Authentic MMA experience with people fighting dresses as bears and lions. Bravo.
We need wobbles
They always make Jose Aldo look like a completely different person
So far all 4 EA UFC games always look and feel good, but I find you always end up with the same build once you're maxed out.
С каждым годом всё хуже и хуже
UFC 3 had the best control layout, UFC 4 was just riddled with problems, awful controls, worse graphics than the previous game, an overall arcadey feel that made it unplayable imo.
As long as Connor mccgregor doesn’t shoot 8 takedowns in 2.5 rounds when I face him in career mode. Idc what they do with the game. I swear the ai shoots a takedown every few minutes regardless of the fighter.
Hopefully the final game has the damage icons show up bigger and brighter.  They are way to easy to miss at the present size and location.
I feel like the uppercuts
I just didnt agree with the submissions. Way to easy for the win
Ниочем
I miss UFC2 so much, that was like heroin to me
One of the main things ufc has always done wrong is teach the game mehcanics horribly. The tutorials arent good and they dont show the other 90% of the game mechanics. If they do that i feel there wont be a huge gap between people who cant grapple or fight the clinch, or use footwork or head movement, and everyone will have a better experience.
Sell out
Whatttttttt my mannnnnn!!!! Un real!!
i thought what was lacking in the clinch in ufc 4 was limited positioning and transitioning which it looks like you've kept. i've never had a problem being uppercutted out of getting the clinch or out of the clinch.  i hope the judges factor more than damage into scoring.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE BE BETTER THAN 4!!!!!
Where tf are the knockouts????
The submission is the same from ufc 2 and you tell me its revolutionary? Wtf
Will it be out on PC?
all the npcs in the comments talking about martial instead of the actual gameplay
The money is good huh? Just dont say anything negative. Sell out.
Guys let’s just boycott ufc 4 remastered
Martial mind 💪
Icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon icon. And also hate this mumbling longhair mf. Have no idea what did he said.
LETS GOOOOO
New engine but the exact same animations ..
Shout out to my man Martial! It's getting real OMG😮
my skills are meant for this game
animation still looks clumsy :/
Могли бы UFC 4  обновить,и сделать повреждения,а так одну и ту же игру выпускают второй раз
1. It's a shame that there's no hammering punch pounding in the half guard and mount position.   If button allocation is a problem and is not implemented, I hope that the basic pounding and hammering punch are triggered randomly in the basic hitting pounding.   2. It's a shame that Parry isn't implemented.   I hope Parry is triggered with probability when done at perfect timing.   If it's hard, I hope parry is triggered at random between 10% and 20% when guard.
Nothing new same old game just different Icons
Four fights all with doctors and two fights were stopped
Really u think exilerating is the right word. Ok people will stop playing it bc of that
I'm soooo fucking mad about the subs in this stupid fucking game it's gonna ruin it people that are casual will never understand it at all
The lack of submission defense is gonna ruin this game actually
Is there still a delay when throwing punches? Fucking hate that
5:45 I was goated with defensive movement in ufc 4. Im so excited
Drinking game... take a shot every time he says 'icon'.
After years of calling out Martial mind and never getting a fight , response, or any acknowledgement at all, my boy finally made it. I trained him well 😎
NO PC? NO BUY
UFC Undisputed Forever - Reveal Trailer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ycQsusw-Pw
The game play flow is still off and looks like a robot moving around and like its on tracks 😂 but great video good job
THIS GAME IS SOOOOOO BAD !!!!
Bro nothing changed! This is ufc 4.5😂
Movement looks terrible/ no weight transfer. It just looks whack overall aside from a few good animations like the back leg roundhouse for example/ many of the punches look terrible and transition from strikes and no ring looks really bad
This isn’t you man!!!😢 WE WANT THE TRUTH!😂💀    Edit: get that bag 🤧
This looks amazing yo! No more Running The Fade in CoD! 😂
Look like the same game stg EA sports fucking suck
So instead of making stamina cost realistic with the ability to level up stats and customize techniques, they added "flashes and stuns"? For 70 dollars? Pass. And they ruined the complex controls. Wowwwww.
Хня какая то
NO GAME CHAT? Nahh ill pas
Daaammmm martial mind
3:37 why does the fighter’s head get so red lol. I get it’s supposed to represent the blood rushing to your head, but not all your blood in your body rushes to your head.
Lol love that knee elbow spamming is still in the game and even more powerful now 🤣🤣
Maaaaaaarttttcallll
Was really hyped for this. I've played ranked at higher divisions on this game for a long time and was pleased to see something new... This just doesn't seem like much of an upgrade, more just a patch of the previous issues in the game. Really disappointing and can't say I'll be rushing to buy. You've had three years in one of the world's fastest growing sports but are just using a bunch of the same stuff. Come on.
*Im top 15 on thq undisputed 3 top 5 on eaufc2 trust me this game will be garbage just like eaufc 3 and 4 you poor kids will argue on here but know nothing about pure gaming/fighting games*
Why we can´t play on PC??? C'mon EA!!!!
Looks like they fixed every single complaint I had about ufc 4, happy to see martial presenting this to
I miss parrying
So all you have to do is attempt a submission up to 3 times and you get a win.  WOW 😡
Only thing I hope is we are not getting cuts left and right as it could be op and be more of a nuisance than a good thing
Graphic look meh
We’re never getting fight night are we😢
no PC release! 😡
They added the stuff UFC undisputed already had over 10 years before😂
Bring back fight night
People are too quick to judge, I think the game will be great🤷‍♂️ (I’m aware that EA is making the game)
Че за шляпа ?? Они будто скользят по льду 😂😂😂😂 👎👎👎👎👎
BRO IT LOOKS LIKE THE SAME GAME
yoo martial mind made it
You know it’s time for a boycott when an upper cut and the standing jumping knee(shouldn’t be a move lol)  results in the same canned animation and exaggerated stupid looking fall .  Another pyramid scheme by EA using all their marSHILL mind cuckbois to hype this decade old rehashed software and pushing lies for $$$ - fraud , knock knock FBI !!!!!🙅🏿‍♂️👮🏿‍♂️🚓👨🏿‍⚖️
I hope they flesh out the career mode and the training camp. Maybe put a slip or speed bag in there or pad work, that would be lit
Big ups, you put the right one on it!
Well, I was expecting something modern from UFC 5. Unfortunately, it is what it is.
Can’t wait let’s go when is it out
He said maxed out footwork would remain fast.  Soooo, i guess we say nevermind stamina and other impacts?
Looks identical to ufc 4 aside from doctor stoppages
LETTSS GOOO MARTIAL!!!
This is just ufc 4 but with more cuts and different fight shorts
Lol I think it’s funny you chose a clip of Jose Aldo and Uriah Fabre when talking about leg kicks.
Martial sold out man , this game is not it. The grappling system needs a complete overhaul it’s unrealistic. They clinch wrestling needs a overhaul, cage wrestling needs a overhaul. Even the striking can be a bit more refined for realism. They focus on doctor stoppages as a new feature ? Doctor stoppages don’t happen that often that it needs to be introduced as a new feature. Man I miss undisputed ufc 3
Happy for martial but ill stick to not playing this trash.
The graphics straight up suck. I think the people who made it before EA did was better.
Referee stoppage
I definitely prefer the 2 buttons for upper cuts, I’m getting destroyed in the beta due to the new controls. Wish the beta had the learn mode unlocked so I could practice a bit before taking on the peeps online.
So still no PC release huh? Yall gotta just be bullshittin at this point
Not sure how I feel about the doctor stoppages. It can potentially ruin the flow of the game
Bruh he’s reading off a script
Sound like 🗑️🚮
No shot Martial is actually hyped for this game. It literally just looks like a slightly updated UFC 4. They listened to all the fans requests and said “nah let’s just make UFC 4 with a couple updates”
Just please don't make the submission even more OP.
Man ill stick to ufc2
all I wanna know is if I can land them "necessary strikes"?
Add muay thai
ufc undisputed 3 demo is still better
the graphics look cheap and plastic rubber action figures ea really never got that down 2k does it better ufc to link w them
🤑MARTIAL MADE IT🤑
i need a dagestani handcuff
This looks dreadful.
Nerf uppercuts
Instead of having to press two buttons to throw an uppercut, now we press one button and another of course.
Nothing will ever come close to UFC 2
how are people just lying and saying ufc 2 is better then ufc 4 it’s most Definitely not better
We are in 2023 and fighting simulator games still have this annoying lag in the fighters movement. Real fighters don't move very slowly like that. Boring.
I hate the look of the submission mechanics, the fact that if you get put into a submission you have no chance to get out. I preferred the mini game to break out 100%
Looks cartoony again
tbh i didn't know the ufc game series existed till I saw this video
I hope that UFC 5 is gonna have a better story, like being able to go to ilegal fights or having to fight someone outside the cage, to fight them at a garbage late night cus they want to rob you or they have been paid to injure you, not just accepting fights, train ur moves then fight, lets us be able to go to the gym, to make power or something.
17:33 Herb Turned into Mario Yamasaki
PC PLEASE
El Referi Lo Huvieran Puesto En Asion Cuando Esta El Oponente Muerto Ek Tiene Que Quitarlo Así Como La Vida Real Saludes Desde Honduras
Picture quality looks to bright and characters like gang beasts game. Then more UFC games they developed, more graphics downgrade we get. The best one UFC 2
It's the same game.
Martial Mind fully deserves this. Watch his channel for years now!
Im so happy for you Martial you deserved the recognition for all the work u have done & the players who got ufc4 from enjoying your videos!
looks like a modded ufc 4 😭
Looks very similar to ufc 4 which is horrible due to developers having 3 years to make the game. Gave us a handful of new animations when in reality the entire game should have all new animations. Sick of EA. The fact that a game that came out in 2010 is still alot better than a game coming out in 2023 is absolutely ridiculous. Stop buying these trash ea games.
Hope the careermode isn’t as boring as in previous versions
More 20 things UFC undisputed 3 does Better than EA UFC 5
I met to say do  they move faster or slower than ufc4
EA are smart again. They know martial mind is one of the biggest voices of the ufc games on youtube so they just put him on their payroll. Especially smart since they know they took 3 years to develop UFC 4 v2.
each fighter should have their own fighting style …
This game needs a parry system badly lol, weaving takes way too much stamina and the block is easily breakable
Its the same game. Martial Mind your a sell out
those button changes make no sense. X+A was perfect for uppercut. Its how it was in fight night champion. Crazy how they are going backwards. Now people are going to be spamming spin attacks. Great
YEZ LEZ GOO
imagine if it came out on PC it would really make a lot more money
Anyone else agree that ufc undisputed shits on all this. Even the first UFC EA made was better than the recents. The commentary with joe rogan. “AND IT IS ALLL OVER, JUST. LIKE. THAT.”
They had blood in UFC 4😂😂 and 3, and 2. And 1😂
😢😢proud of you bro. This was super smart to do
My boy Martial ✔️🦾
While this game may be good, it's still disappointing that PC players won't have the opportunity to play it. I was looking forward to the next UFC game and had hoped to be able to play it. Unfortunately, that won't be the case.
Where is the PC version? That's all UFC and MMA fans really want!
MARTIALLLLL
Ground and pound looks soooo much better
No ragdolls ko ?!?! Im out
A lot of this made no sense lol the last 4 werent that good so I'm not expecting much from this one either.
A lot of this made no sense lol the last 4 werent that good so I'm not expecting much from this one either.
Game is trash lol smh omgggg.....EA needs to stop making this game an make a new boxing game
I really hope they don't change the buttons, i dont like that bs fight night champion with the sticky, i want them do leave the buttons like this, they are easy and fast to learn, the vulnerability system is BAD, how u lower the vulnerability?! They are crazy? Now everybody is going to spam EVEN MORE! Ohh my god they making the game more arcade, and now u spend even less stamina with ur striking...worst things they possibility could do, im very disappointed...like all i wanted was a more realistic why to play, now everybody can spam and not get destroyed because the vulnerability is lowered...wtf ea
PS4????
make it on pc guys i've been waiting for years
Why this looks worse then UFC Undisputed 3 !!?? Like wtf 😂
Reduced stamina for head movement 😂😂😂 Sway & Pray Meta is gonna be wild with this one boys😂😂
They copy & pasted again. Literally this game looks identical to ufc 4. The players and body shapes are practically the same so are strikes and movements. And they want $70-$100?
UFC 4 was terrible
Hope the knockouts aren't like characters from gang beasts flopping over, we need ufc 2 ragdoll physics back.
I just started watching @Martial Mind for the first time last year and he’s been great to watch not just for entertainment but for engaging information as well.
Giga Volkanoski was an interesting choice
Looks like the same mechanics 👎🏼 ufc 4 was clunky
UFC 4 combat sucked I think it was the trigger to combos I like ufc 3 combat bc you push different buttons and remember the button to the moves besides just striking
Venum shorts have ugly colors...Reebok were better
Martial Mind. 👏👏👏
Can’t wait pre ordered the ultimate edition
Literally a copy and paste game from UFC 4..with added lighting and different sub settings other then that everything else is the same.
can't wait for this 🤤
I hate the fact that there’s so many people playing the beta already.. like let everyone learn at the same time
All these new updates sound great and really show the developers know what they're doing!
All these new updates sound great and really show the developers know what they're doing!
Sold out to ea
PC Port? Most of us have graphics cards worth more than those shitty consoles
EA, put this on PC
The reason I'm buying the game at launch and not waiting for a discount (or for it to be free in 6 months) is MartialMinds.
So it’s proplay in a way
Bruh EA UFC 3 is still peak. What brainlet dev mapped the body jab to the same input as a take down
Couple things...  I miss my clinch from UFC 1,2 and 3... essentially, UFC did away with the clinch. I'm sorry, but stepping back won't get you out of a Tai Clinch. It's effective for a reason. I used it a lot in the games. So I hope the clinch will be fixed up. Number 2, Ufc 4 seemed more like a transition from a combat sim to an arcade ufc fighter. I liked the transitions and having to learn what steps to move forward. As a fighter, you would need to learn your craft. UFC 4 basically had an easy mode. A flick of the stick and it did it for you. That being said, I will be looking at updates to understand the submission better. I may just need to play it to understand what they are implementing as submissions are a big part of my offence. UFC 5 gives me hope for improvement as I do feel that UFC 4 missed the mark. I still play UFC 3 with friends. So I hope this gives us the game we have been hoping for. Thanks for the info and keep up the good work.
I just heard ICONS
DAWG THIS LOOKS LIKE UFC 4 WITH A NEW PAINT JOB LOLOLOLOL  reading these comments are hilarious 😅😂 *wowzers im excited for this game now that martial is talking about it oh heck yes this one will be a doobie fun time ch-yeah!*   i ain't mad at bros for chasing the bag but cmon yall knock it tf off  it's EA we know where this is heading 🫣 stop glazing over this DLC  yall buying into it like some 🐑 like how many times are we gonna go through this?
I’m on the fence with the submission system… it seems very easy for tryhards
What about pry 😢
This is cool and all but I’d still rather have fight night back. Boxing has to make a come back.
This is so awesome. I didn’t realize it was ufc posting this until after I started watching
My guy Martial. You love to see it. Absolutely brilliant. Been following him for years. Can’t wait for UFC5.
Where’s my code Ea I’ve been playing for years I watch every weekend I love this sport 😭signed up months ago n didn’t get one code😭😭send me oneeee
Ufc 2 so much better .... ragdoll punch kick  more...
Kinda sounds like they took away stamina tax and vulnerability which is not good imo. I have a feeling every fight is gonna have 500+ strikes thrown
Not gone lie seeing martial narrate this makes me smile so big .
Before y’all talk trash on the game remember there is still a month left before release
OMG NO WAY!!!
classic ea copy and paste gameplay, honestly just looks like how UFC 4 shoulda been wtf have they have been doing for 3 years bro
The graphics are not like the reveal trailer at all
Martial sold his soul for money Sounds nothing natural Sounds like reading a script Shame
First off,  Martial your immense passion is felt and has carried u into some well deserved places and im very happy  to see u be the face of this breakdown. Articulate and thorough as always, EA made a very good decision here bud...2nd: I am either being hyper-critical, delusional or am absolutely correct, but i dont see the differences in striking/ impact animations, maybe subtly. Its possible if i saw the same types of strikes being thrown on a split screen simultaneously, one side being UFC 4 and the other 5 of course, that i would notice differences. At face value, however, as of this moment, I see none. I cant help but be disappointed and the only major things i am looking forward to ( that have been revealed and have cognizant knowledge of)  so far are the doctor stoppages, the new damage system ( admittedly looks very well done and engaging) and the 60 fps. Maybe some others are stuck in the back of my brain but nothing that is well formed. I am truly hoping that once i am behind my controller, playing this game and executing/ receiving attacks that i will be impressed and ultimately resign my current perception and opinion of this game. Everything evolves and im hoping my pessimism and critical view of this game thus far dissipates once i can play it first hand. I want nothing more than to be impressed. This game would require a major paradigm shift in order to be impressive imo and a helluva career mode, a lot of things on my career mode wishlist, but we will see 🙏
I'm so hyped for this game! 🤜😵🤛
This channel grew so fast and deservedly s
AWESOME PS2 GAME 🤩🤩
No PC
No parry again? The best thing about ea sports ufc 2 was the parry. Too bad he didn't come back. Real fights also have parry.
I dont know man the movement looks lame
Ufc 4 patch (4.14.00)
Dude I'm not hearing anything about no more DNFs, I want my freaking points!
Eh. Happy for ya Martial.
LETS GO MARTIAL MIND🔥💪🏽
This is not a game I would pay 70 pounds for looks no different to ufc 4 EA always disappointed once again..
I’ve been playing since undisputed. And I’ve had my ups and downs with these games. But you’re telling me you made a next gen ufc game, and it’s identical to its predecessor? There’s more similarities than differences 😅.  Not saying that improvements weren’t made, but I was expecting a completely different game. Not a ufc 4 update… just take me back to ufc 2😂 back when it played like fight night. All In all, this game is looking underwhelming. I’ve been excited for this forever now and now I’m going to have to go into it with extremely low expectations 😢
wooohoooo khabib = legend
Bruhhhh they got MM on the official deep dive! Good for you bro well deserved!
He was already working for EA but undercover 😂
Did not cover knockout/knockdown physics & that makes me nervous…. Gonna be the same as ufc 4
This game is rubbish!!! UFC 2 still ❤️❤️❤️❤️
i think they just need to make the head movement a little smoother which comes in time and the game will be much better, it looks a little snappy
I love how they used Ortega for the punching bag player lol
Who wants to win or lose via doc stoppage?
They still need signature animation for more fighters
UFC 4.2
I got my hands on the beta and I I love ufc 5 it’s a huge improvement from ufc 4 TRUST ME. Only thing I feel like that would make this game a 10/10 EA is to add strikes after A KO on a grounded opponent instead of just having it only when you tko someone from the ground. AND PLZ ADD CAGE GRAPPLING EA ,like put sitting positions like how khabib use to have his opponents on the cage and this game would be a 10/10 ,I’ll rate it 8.5 but if u add things like I mentioned I FEEL LIKE THE GAME WILL ACTUALLY BREAK THE BANK in sales 💵💙
Perfect man for the job! @MartialMind
Kind of a bad sign when all the comments are just praising martial instead of “wow this looks dope”   PS congrats martial, long time fan.
Looks way worst than ufc4
Will ufc 5 on ps4
Lmao, these character models though. I can't even tell which fighter that's supposed to be in the thumbnail.
ah another EA game that is dated before release.
I was really hoping that you'd be able to do interviews and get interviewed in the octagon after a fight and have like options to choose what u say.. :/
Drop the game on pc. It’s finally fuckin time that pc gets to play UFC gang
no one deserves this more than martial
Martial completely sold out he lost all credibility
The doctor stop was in the game 12 years ago. Are you taking the fans for fools?
Is this a ufc 4 patch or a new ufc? I can not understand
Go Grasso!!!!
Im waiting   for   Ufc 4.5...............shi....t where is the ground game......
W EA getting Martial mind a true UFC gamer 🎉🎉
Young Brock lesnar skin add it
ufc 4.5
They need to make a José Aldo alter ego from WEC
Port to PC
Is that supposed to be conor mcgrgeor? Looks more like gustaffsson
Bro it’s the exact the same
This game looks disappointing. Imo this looks exactly the same, the fact that you broke down what arm and leg health is and how impactful it is just shows that these new features are not enough! I never wanted UFC Undisputed 3 to get remastered so bad! The animations aren't even significantly different and the button changes weren't necessary 😂😂😂😂 #UFC4.5
I am glad that martial mind gets the attention he deserves, but it still feels like he only says these things because he (obviously) was paid to say it. Still probably gonna buy the next game
This game I’ll rate it a 2.5/5 Same mechanics as ufc 4 hardly any changes.
Game looks dope
Bhai martial mind ne UFC 5 official game reveal Kiya 🫡
IT BETTER HAVE ELBOWS ON THE GROUND AND SMOOTHER WRESTLING/SUBMISSIONS PLZ!!! They shouldn’t limit punching we should be able to punch no matter what position we’re in
omg this game is terrible hahaha, this game dev should work at mc donalds
cat wait!
why do armbars make your head go red. shouldnt it be the arm or something?
Man I always wished for MORE ANIMIMATIONS. THERE SHOULD BE 10 DIF VERSIONS OF DOUBLE AND SINGLE LEG TAKEDOWN SLAMS  NOT THE SAME ONE OVER AND OVER, ETC ETC WITH ALL MOVES. LIKE EVEN JABS AND STRAIGHTS AND IM NOT TALKING FROM JUST DIFF ANGLES, BUT ACTUALLY MULTIPLE DIFF JAB ANIMATIONS WHILE STANDIND STILL, WHILE MOVING ETC
Also can u sit someone against the cage like undisputed 3 cause grappling n clinch look exactly the same the fact i still play undisputed 3 shows its way ahead of anything they try to make
Can i please get a beta code ? I signed up early and didnt recieve nothing this year sadly 😢
The striking doesn’t look smooth and still seems like it doesn’t flow
Honestly, all I wanted was ufc 2 ko physics. That's it
5:50 idk if i believe that. We saw pedro lose all his stamina from a single slip sway in the initial trailer
What about the K.O physics?
Doctor stoppage is gonna be annoying
What about career mode?
Those facial cuts and injuries look freaking brutal and real. Nasty af😮‍💨
And for me if they kept locomotion but had the fight scheme of Ufc 2 it would be fire
The counter side step hook looks fucking good. I see a lot of people shitting on the game based of the trailers prior to this one but I will wait till I actually get my hands on the game before judging it. Not that I’m expecting much from EA but it does seem like it’s a step in the right direction.
lol leg locks the most potent submission?? this dude such a phoney, when tf is the last time someone hit a leg lock ahahahahahahahahahahahah
We need different camera angles like champion
The clinch the Sam the takedowns the same where’s the slam ko doesn’t look like a full new game more like dlc it shouldn’t be called ufc 5 more like 4.5
This game looks the same, if not worse than UFC 4. Im so disappointed wow. I really thought this would be the year it would be totally different.
It looks great so far honestky but they need to do more with the clinch. You should be able to slip punches into different clinch positions, not just single collar. The blocking mechanics should be more seamless as well on fighters with higher blocking it should be faster. If head was r2/rt body is r2 and Lb/rt and lt and leg should just be Lb and Lt. finally you need to fix tight shorts on career mode, the fact that if you’re a champ in career mode just ab every time you fight as champ you’ll be fighting someone in black shorts. That ruins the immersion of career mode and makes things feel so repetitive
YEEEES get martial his due!
Game looks soooo bad😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
No Pride Fc mode 😢
bring back parrying
Ufc 4.5 looks great. When does the dlc come out?
I want to add call out in the game
The knockouts bro are they gonna fuckin suck
why is ufc4 in black and white?
Congratulations martial minds big collab 🎉🎉🎉
This looks too much like UFC 4 for me to be excited. I don't like that they used most of the same animations. It's a new game, on a new engine. Why keep so many of the old animations? The ground and pound punches still looks soft and pillowy. In UFC 3 they felt heavy and dangerous.
Why EA?? Another Ufc game?? They should be making Fight Night Champions 2. All of EAs UFC games are Trash 😂
Is EA listening to the community and making good choices?? 😳😳😳😳
I havent played games since Street Fighter II, (I married Chun Li to hell with all of you!), yet I am constantly blown away by games today.  I just genuinely like Martial Mind's channel and I catch myself saying, "Gaethje is not going to get caught with a calf slicer by Dan Severns!  I was at UFC I!  You won't lie to me, EA Sports!)".    That said, if Madden is any indication, exclusivity deals and additional packs you have to purchase don't seem to be doing anything good for the players themselves.
Would ufc 5 release on ps4?
GOD
Submissions about to be major OP😅
I like the new system but will be playing without the damage icons and hope ranked online doesn't show it. You should have to notice the health event yourself without icons
Anyone know beta date?
How they transition looks like ufc 4, stuns, ko’s. All look like ufc 4.  Typical move by EA making small changes, and selling a new game for 70$ fking rip off
EA just saying. I am for sure more excited about the game now  thanks Martial. But I wanted to bring a nit picky thing forward. As a former artist, I think Valentina's model her head is too small. I kinda noticed it right away. It was a dead aim eye sore. Take a closer look guys  ha. Maybe they can fix that. Look at it when she's moving laterally across the screen.
Not for PC ):
"DOCTOR SAUSAGE!"
This is like a downloadable update, bit of a shame really. I hope the roster has at least top 20 from each division
Why are their faces turning so red so quickly during ground fights? Definitely a weird visual.
I'm afraid that the doctor's stop is too important for the course of the fight and prevents the production of ko... I hope it's well controlled
Can we do ground hammer fists?
Being a BJJ guy, i really hope this new submission update is good cause the one in 4 was garbage.
No new throws?? Come on  How the hell are they gonna work on ground game and not the throws that transition to the mounts??
Lol  Jon Jones has bandaids on his toes? Why?🤣you guys can do that but not different jab types and the flows of different ways the same jab or hook can be delivered?    “Be grateful “
Graphics looks like UFC3
We need new Fight Night.
so happy to see EA pick martial mind for this he deserves it
The intro was Suga landing a head kick KO on Chito 😂🤣😂 Class!!
Wtf did EA do besides just change ground game and a new  cut system? The way they get rocked is still a bit laggy and cheesy   Why not just turn it into a ufc update?? Smh   Gaming is ruined— it’s just business to exploit our impulses and interest
Same game. Just gonna buy it when it's on sale
Martial did a phenomenal job at selling this, but realistically… it’s still just ufc 4.5
Looks terrible. Another trash effort by EA. Back to THQ Undisputed 3.
Boring gameplay. What a waste of next gen hardware.
Soo happy for Martial to be on here!!
Why are they changing the striking controls? There was literally nothing wrong with them.
My goodness, how impressive!;
Im hoping it's not 70% doctor stoppages coz way that looked feel like it's gonna be a big W L factor
the lack of 'only-modes' further solidifies why ONE championship is far bigger than ufc & ea games combined.
game looks like a copy and paste, gonna be ass like ufc 4
MARTIALLL LETSGOO
I bought a PS5 when i heard this game was on it's way soon. I returned it today after i saw this trailer yesterday. Do better EA, i have over 2000 hours in the series. Playing UFC4 for another couple years atleast isn't attractive to me and many others.
Ground elbows nice
i’m worried that the only thing they are talking about is gameplay they’ve had 3 years you better have changed career and have done something different with ranked online
The fact that he goes from saying the two button attacks are gone then straight after says that spinning attacks are two buttons is slightly annoying
Looks EXACTLY like ufc4
Why o they turn into tomatoes when submitting them?
UFC 5 more like a expansion than a new tittle zzzz
MARTIALL!!!
2023 and still no PC release for this. WHY!?
Is the beta already out?
They better have Joe rogan as a commentator
Same game hard pass
Hope we can still use the old controls for spinning attacks etc..
Strickland was able to block his legs, body, and head at the same time with kicks by connecting his knee to his elbow with his guard up.   Will that be a thing or is blocking kicks still mostly a guessing game?
I'm really interested in the new grappling, damage, and leg kick systems. As a jiu jitsu brown belt I always want to grapple in UFC 4 but the grappling system just wasn't that fun. I hope the game feels fresh but the fact the head movement still drains stamina and most of the animations look the same I'm tempering my expectations
Ufc 4 punches looking more realistic tho..
Why ufc 5 dont go to the pc like fifa (fc) like nba2k
Great video but why are they getting so red on how choke submissions?
It would b sick if you knock someone out you see how much damage the punch was
Way to go martial mind , super cool to see you on this video, way to be !
Im excited for it
So they can still just block over and over again lmao it’s just UFC4.5
Thank you for 3 years of your work.
а где улучшение графики?
Это не игра, а голимая помойка
Why Brian Ortega look like Daniel Cormier
Bring Back UFC 2 Online Servers!
UFC 4.5, yay. Just make the game like Undisputed 3 with todays graphics. It's that simple lol
Gameplay looks terrible…. Same choppy movements and same animations.  No excuse for a PS5 game to look like this.  Ufc 4 remastered
I see a Prime logo which tells me probably Logan Paul and KSI will be dlc.
This game looks horrendous.  EA should be embarrassed. It looks just like EA UFC 4 which wasn't a good game either. Why does it look like players are floating, why are the graphics dull, why doesn't the striking look fluid. I hope they make some much needed changes asap or this will be another flop for EA. We waited all these years for this.... c'mon now.
Imagine ufc2 with gameplay ufc 5
Oh no he sell is soul now 😂
Same game
Aight, I'm buying it.
Still no pc port 😢
Just bring back fight night, ufc games suck so much ass
I LOVED it
Every fighter strikes still look the same, same animations. Ufc 4.5, should have just made this a huge update.
This guy is a sell-out. This game has everything he's been complaining about for the past 3 years. Now they just bought his voice. Speechless.
Glad my man Martial taking us through the deep dive.. thank you EA for using one of the best content creators of MMA games, this man is a beast when it comes to these combat sport style simulations.
Bro I’ll always love you Martial but you sold out big time homie. Yes, they increased the footwork & movement but they nerfed the strike speed by 40 percent this game looks TRASH
Striking buttons were fine I don’t understand why they would have to change it 🤦‍♂️
I don’t understand how ufc 2 has better graphics than ufc 5
Martial is the best
Same trash clinch
Wow! That looks insanely acute. And Congrats to Martial Mind. He truly deserves this for his consistent MMA game coverage
UFC good game so excited for five
Martial the coolest fighting content creator on youtube. Period. Congratulations for notice that and signing him, EA Sports.
This developer needs to talk louder. Too much dungeons for this one.
UFC 5: Icons.
Why there faces becomes like a tomato when they are getting submitted? This generation of gaming is such a shame
Looks exactly like UFC4. SMH
Shouldve mad it similar to UFC 2 without the parrrying
Looks good but I hope the career mode has some new features and different training modes, because it gets very repetitive over time
Just looks like a update ...  Looks like same game better graphics and other mechanics.... trash
is it coming to pc?
Martialll my brother is getting the recognition woww
I'm not that excited....
Ugh, same animations from previous games.
They just maddened this game. The added the icons from career mode into online play. 😮😂
MM ate with dis one
r u kiddin me dude sounds lyk his reading of a script..hope it was worth it
Is it only two weight classes per hour on ranked match again ???????
I clicked on this saying I would rather watch this wit martial 😂😂😂😂
They change the game to a whole new level
12:03 not sure how you can perform a spinning head kick in that small space 🤔 pls fix that EA
Punching stamina will be fixed in a patch. Seems like you lose more stamina for longer just for getting hit.
No PC port, don’t care
EA knew we were all going to wait for Martial to make his own video on the game so they just got him to make theirs.
who else noticed the jon jones toe tape? 😂
Need some new animations especially for body hooks and head movement
Please can the next title be ported to PC
Conor and khabib have the same body lol.
will sean be undisputed, at least on his streams?? xD xD
I think we’re gonna find ourselves missing the mini game submission system.
WOW MARTIAL 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Dude the submissions are going to be toxic
Jab, Cross and uppercut are the weakest Animation in this Game..Looks Not Good
그냥 빨리 내줘라
Anyone else going to turn all health bars and icons off? Give me a clean screen and let's go!
This is just UFC 4.5 it’s not special at all 😂
I'm getting a uncanny valley feeling from this game. Just looks slightly off, from the character designs to the slightly stiff movements.
I'm not much of a sports games fan and UFC4 is probably the lowest rated game I have installed on my console right now but it is without a doubt my most played game in recent years. I can't wait for UFC5.
This legit looks exactly the same as ufc 4 the striking and everything is the same with a few new animations which are kinda slick they explained that there’s a new leg kick animation when it looks exactly the same as ufc 4 overall im really disappointed from what I’ve seen hopefully when we play it looks and feels so much better than it’s looking rn the new features (even tho there’s very few of them) look very nice tho Icl   Im hoping for a good game cause I think everyone’s sick of ufc 4 also big up martial for being picked to present it
Please don't use this guy again.  He sounds and looks annoying. Please for the love of God
Let's go martial!
MARTIAL MADE IT 😭😭
bro visually that the same fucking game
Pressing x and circle together seems really difficult and will have some problems if you ask me
Submissions and stamina should not be so dependent on each other. It should be more about the submission skill.
Congratulations to martial mind
Congrats all yall played yourself
Do they have TKO ref stoppages?
Martial Mind is literally the face of (EA) UFC Games.
So, they just went to UFC Undisputed 3 and copied their homework & called it their own?
17:35 those elbows looks really good ;) but  stand up game... striking.. still doesnt look natural...
Okay so we get a much needed balance update and pay for a full price game? Is that how it works? 😂
Let’s goooo martial!
His critique is different on his channel 😮 , this sounds scripted 😳👍 I'll be watching on twitch
Basically they favored the casual cafs backing up and trowing spinning shi all the time
Submission minigame was actually really cool. Loved the cat and mouse approach and it kinda felt like you were slowly closing in and tightening that choke or extending those joints. Shame. Everything for the casuals
no PC release yet again...
MARTIALLLLLLLLLL
So instead of pressing two buttons you can press two buttons o.0
Jones and Israel aint black enough
This is just ufc 4 no one can tell me different
The body and facial movements look like theyre from the old game how do RPGs have better motion than a UFC game
I hope career mode and character customisation has been improved as well
This guy has a strange cadence
And.. Probably still no Game Face again, It's sad we're left with the same old CAFS. I hope, that the trailer was early footage and they have remade new CAF models and the CAF system also.. It's been lacking for many years now and has remained the same and gotten worse without Game Face.
proud of martial mind he deserves this
I'm here for Martial  Screw this game... its a fricken copy n paste from UFC 4 😒😒😒
Wtf Martial! 🔥🔥🔥
Love this game
Who give a fuuhhhhh about this geek
It does look good its just that its pretty much still EA UFC 4 but with patches lol. I remember with the "Undisputed" series when they released a new game thats actually what it was...a new game...not a reskin.
Buddy UFC 3 had face morphing when fighting. Blood ran down the face, that’s not new! The ring was literally soaked!
Ufc 4 but zoomed out a bit
ITS JUST UFC 4 WITH LIGHTS
MARTIALL MY GOATT
I wish they had it to where that human bodys are connected when grappling
Получается, это обновлённая ufc4. Только обновление очень дорогое. Шпроты с каждой частью всё меньше делают игру лучше. Обидно. Очень обидно. Покупать пятую часть не хочется принципиально. Это дикая наглость со стороны шпротов, простить за это деньги. На первый взгляд сразу и не понятно, где четвертая часть,а где пятая. 😭😭😭😭😭
Usman head turning red 17:05
is ufc the only ea sports game that isnt on pc? if not why
My man half blue half red 💪🏼
Yeah this game gonna suck.
Game looks mid
cartoonish
i don't believe EA. Don't pre order. Wait up!
But have they added game chat back????
My mma coach teach us parry and I said ea ufc 3,4 didn't had parry.He said in real mma fight there is parry. Parry should reintroduce to Ea ufc5.
The game is a trash pronto, falei!
To think martial mind is working with ea now 👌🏽
Are elbows and hammerfists back on the groung?
Dana claims that ufc 5 has already made $350 million
Another game to play while playing UFC. Take a shot every time he says icon
You’ve come a long way, Martial, glad to see you here
VINTAGE CURRENCY
The first impression was that game is the same as ufc4, but now I see that the difference is huge
Just my opinion but Only thing I can really say I don’t like is doctor stoppages. It’s realistic but no one even likes it in real life fights, hopefully it’s not as easy to get one but game looks good tho.
16:29 Love how bones even has tape around his toes lol the details 😂
Anyone notice jones toes are even taped in the gameplay trailer😂
no crossplay is a big L
Just got Lies of P. Must take this on sale 😭💪💪💪
Trash Seeing more of it, made a better impression overall. Skin texture is nice and all that. Lighting is improved. But the core game is the same garbage it always was. That robotic movement, fighters just laying there, not moving at all while in halfguard, it just makes no sense. Leg kicks, with the same monotonous movement, bringing the leg back after kick. It's so repetitive, and lacks animations. Looks the same as ufc 4. Which was a downgrade compared to ufc 3 in that regard, among other things.  Improving head movement will just allow people to spam easier. You take op fighter like Wanderlei was in 3, with a strong chin, and you spam head movement. And grappling I'm not so sure about either. Looks like a watered down version of 4 which was watered down version of 3. I would prefer a mini game, that makes sense. But we'll see. I don't think they did a good job in the subs. Since it looks clunky as always. Also not making striking more taxing on stamina, will just allow players to spam with striking. Which is dumb. There's no selection of how powerful the strike is. So just bashing any strike, will get registered as a potential finisher, yet you're outputting it as a jab. You cannot choose between a lighter and stronger jab for example. It only depends on the opponent if they press forward while you press a jab, so it lands more damage that way.  What they're doing is appealing to casuals. But if you're going to do that, then make a 2d fighter or something.  Or make 2 modes to the game. The arcady garbage for casuals, and semi sim for people who actually know how fighting works.
man not a single knockout out was shown in real time
Ngl I’m loving the way that ground and pound looks and idc if I’m the only one it looks realistic
next gen fight night is going to be awesome
Whe need standing tkos
It’s still the same shxt like ufc4 what a good job EA….just added some new animation and what? The frostbite engine are only showing in KO replay? Still robotic and stiff like hell
Why no PC version EA WWWWHHHHHYYYYYYYYY
martial mind W
This is literally just a UFC 4 update. “Now the damage will be increased, and less stamina for head movement.” Sounds like an update breakdown 🤦‍♂️
Pre order?? Hell naw
Don't sell out too soon martial
controls getting changed is annoying af
Gameplay nothing diferent...
Pre ordered!
It's like these guys have never seen a fight before.
Should have also mentioned the new draw mechanics and judges actually doing something
What about KOs
Looks like UFC 4
I wish that we could do interviews in the same way they were presented in UFC Unleashed.
MARTIAL GOAAAT
Blud said icon so much it started sounding like a sound
bro looks like a minecraft dirt block
Im still sceptible but it looks at least a little better
Are after ko unnecessary punches back?
hell yeah martial mind!!
Can we make legacy striking setting
Looks like ufc 4 with the same animations and garble garble garble from EA
I hate the rb A upper cut 😢
So dumb to use Dominic Cruz as a display..he has rather unique movement inside the cage and that didn’t come across at all 😅
Should add "Tony never tap" feature. When he in lock by opponent, the opponent will tap out
This looks disappointing
I still don’t get the submissions
Can’t wait for the beta!! Super curious on the submissive system
The OG martial mind walking us through it,  PREORDERED...   DMC RETURNS!
6:13  exactly what i wanted, in 4 you use your head movement twice and your half gased! Lookin forward 2 this so much 🎉❤
I’m watching anything with martial name on it
Looks like UFC 4...
Its been 5 years…. why are the mechanics so similar?
Well done martial
Martial Mind is him
MM I see you 💪🏾
If UFC 1 and UFC 4 had a baby…
All these icons are great, fantastic but are these things also represented with no hud? Can we tell visually, rumble, sound, etc what's going on without that ugly HUD?
Still to this day best submissions were whoever tapped the button thats on their screen faster would win a submission was the best way to do it
if you lead into a head kick it should be a flash KO   sorry people love spam head movement and get caught kinda trash
Yeeeeeaaaa martial mind babyyyy
Man just make another fight night. It’s been too long.
This looks the EXACT same...
NAAAH having Martial here is crazy
But when's the beta lol...
so you still cant punch back from the bottom?
We want Conor with hair
Congratulations, MM! Well deserved. I'm excited for this game now
This looks so bad
CAGE POSITIONS EA, CAGE GRAPPLING and that same side control animation for last 6 years that looks weak and robotic ??! You lazy basterds wanna sell us patched game for 60 bucks again. This has to stop somewhere.
The new submission’s look horrible
Yeah, like i said: Martial is paid by EA, and will always support the product, no matter how much it sucks. I am really disappointed.
Press two buttons is hard
Still, UFC undisputed 3 is far superior. This looks the same like UFC 3-4
martiallllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
UFC 4 but next Gen😂😂😭😂💀
It's alot harder to press X + O, than X + square.... just saying
Usmans face turning red when getting armbared😂
Looks and sounds like a ghetto toad
My worry is the animations look way too much like ufc 4
I trust in Martial!
Yea, great, whatever. Now work on fight night!
ufc 4 reskinned, no new animations for anything
L 👎
Looks like ufc 4
How about knee and elbow combo ?
3 years to make this ahh game look like ufc 4 copy and pasted f you EA 😂😂
It looks like they were able to copy and paste everything from the Ignite engine into the Frostbite engine, because there are a lot of reused animations and models...that's pretty disappointing to see after 3 years. The bodies still look off (skinny fighters are too bulky and muscular fighters are too small). I was hoping with the engine switch,3 years between games, and it being current gen only that we'd see a night and day difference...but nope.  The submission look improved and the damage system is cool, but I'm not seeing what the hell they were doing for 3 years. EA UFC, UFC 2, and UFC 3 all looked and felt noticeably different from one another. UFC 4 felt like a sloppier version of UFC 3 and unfortunately UFC 5 looks to be building off of UFC 4.  Also...and maybe people don't care about this lol...but why do all of these type on trunks 6:12 go down to the knee? They should be like halfway down the thigh.
EA have been making UFC games for ten years now and still no PRIDE mode. No authentic story mode like what we got in Fight Night: Champion. THQ gave us a PRIDE mode in their third game. EA needs to sell the UFC game rights to 2k or some other studio because aside from the updated roster, graphics and fight mechanics it's the same game we have been getting since EA UFC 2. Mike Tyson was a pre order bonus in EA UFC 2 and he's a pre order bonus. SMH
MMA games are trash, EA needs to make a new Fight Night game
What about hammer fish
ufc 4.2
Whaaat Martial Mind
please tell me flash kos are back, i miss the stiff animations in ufc 2
Martial the 🐐 good to see you on here brother!! Love your work Martial!!
EA need to stop making ufc games and let another good company make a ufc game
Is that gustafsson on the thumbnail?
Is it as good as undisputed 3 yet?
These body hooks still need more speed
Man like Henry🔥🙌🏼🙌🏼
🎉 perfect game
This game Really sucks.  Nothing changed at al 😴
Why don’t they cover the in game ‘watch ad for coins’ which was shown on the main menu of initial gameplay trailer.
Literally looks and sounds like an update to ufc 4  , this looking like MW3. Nothing really new. Can't wait to see all the bugs on release date 🤣🤣
HASBULLA TOP RIGHT CORNER 19:28
Lol as soon as I saw that one of the developers preferred to go by "He/Him".. i figured this would be trash.
Всё это круто,но мир игры всё равно "мертвый" ,эти зрители что смотрят прямо,чуваки с камерами просто статично смотрят впред,никакой жизни в игре
All these years for barely any improvement…
Them bright red faces during submissions don't look right
Does anyone actually use grapple assist?
It looks like the same mechanics……
Bruh just make a Street fighter style UFC game 👏🤦🏻‍♂️ With costumes etc and all the legendary UFC fighters.  This shitty realistic game style is so lame. Way bigger audience would play a legit badass 2.5D UFC fighter with iconic costumes for fighters.  And cool stages in different countries etc. basically just Street Fighter but with UFC legends 👏
Only gripe is ; there’s no weight with these shots thrown. It looks floaty and sped up.
I already see the rage for how many fights will be stopped by the Doc!!! Just take a look at Madden. How many players get injured is ridiculous!
Happy for martial mind always watching his content ....not happy about the face going red tho never seen black person face go red before 😂😂😂 just seems fake like they got face paint on
Not sure if I like the submissions . Just means near like round 5 when stamina is drained people will just go straight to subs every time
martial was the best person to present this
I don’t understand the spin kick mechanics, it think it feels unnatural to press X+O
Moves are still like from the Sims of Fifa... zero reality and dynamic... shame.
Is it just me or faces look weird
ok but wheres Pride
MARTIAL MADE IT BIG BRO ! 😢
So good to see martial get recognizion
AND PC FEATURE
Sooo excited for the submission system I've wanted this since thq ufc.
And still no PC port...
Some strikes just look so slow and not fluid. Alex Pereira kicks so much faster and strikes so fluidly with his hands than he does in the game-lay shown so far. Faster and more fluid striking pleaaseee
Explaing it asif where in nursey dude I understand what your saying
So now it is almost obligatory to play with the stamina bar visible. It's rubbish, it's not realistic. What about the ko? Flash Ko?
I expected the movement to be more realistic on next gen, it looks like ps4
Nooo martial you joined that trash EA company. Now your officially a shill bro.   Goodbye truth 😂
Ufc 4.5
AOESANYA
Let’s go martial
Sounds like they did absolutely nothing with the clinch which is painful … we need the over/under & Back take
Pls make Boxing game.. I want to see terrence and eroll in 3d animation
Imagine blowing out another shinbone with conor Mcgregor 🤣
Make PC version please!
Man that ground and pound finish was dope ! Shouts out to my guy martial as well !
So it's just a re-balanced UFC 4 with more blood? Took them years to adjust some dials and revamp the damage system?
For 3 years this game barley has improved. So disappointing
Why don’t they raise the camera angle slightly? It looks like a 2d fighter game.
Why are they turning bright red when trying the submission
Martial !!!   I came across you years ago when I was watching Dmant UFC2 online (who I thought was the God of UFC) and he came across you who he regarded as the best at the game and man I’ve been on the Martian train ever since , really looking forward to the future of the channel much love from NZ
Love the fact they got our boy on the video but I feel like he's just reading a script
EA please keep bringing martial mind back. The people need it
#UFC4.5
Marital was reading off a script lmao this is ufc 4.5 I don’t see anything worth paying 70 bucks.
idk, this game is just not having that “it” to it. idk, maybe the standup is looking weird
I might have skipped it but did they remove knee kicks while moving backwards. That feature was unrealistic
Looks good but whats new in career mode?
Way to go Martial. EA was smart to get him involved. I must admit though, graphically I don’t see a big leap from UFC 4. It looks like it still has that almost cartoon like color palette. Hopefully, they continue to tweak the colors and lighting to make it look next gen and more life like. Even Usman was the same color as Burns which isn’t the case in real life.
Submission are getting easier every year! Ufc 3 was cool, ufc 4 easier and now NO minigame hahah. I will easily shoke everyone out after kicking their stamina low on their body. Nr 1 player incoming!
I hope head movement doesn’t take so much stamina this time
Ground game like a UFC 3 and this is good 👍
A vomir les image et je suis sérieux plus sa passe les jeux ufc plus c de la merde
ДАУНЫ ВЫ ПОХОРОНИЛИ ИГРУ
The submission system seems like it’s going to be a huge step backwards, and the thing everyone complains the most about.  That, and the fact that the power of strikes didn’t get increased, it instead got decreased.  This game is going to feel like an arcade game again. Where some amateur can run right into my strikes and be ok. This is exactly what I wanted less of in the game.
Ufc 3 undisputed is still better? I had high hopes for ufc 5. Especially how it took a while to make and this is all it made 😂 EA is such a joke of a company. Didnt know how spoiled I was compared to playing 2k
The drastic improvements between 3 & 4 have us kinda spoiled. These are great improvements to the game. What other sports games do you know that completely redoes it’s gameplay systems each game? 2K and Madden fans don’t complain half as much when they get the same copy and pasted game each year.
Still can’t strike off your back smfh. Did Kevin holland not KO somebody off his back?
Is it possible to hit an elbow once for one ground and pound???
Yessss martial
Looks clunky
The Striking looks so Robotic. Even a 1-2 is so weird
Oh noooooo…… the ugly red and blue bars that say how long we’re allowed to GNP is still there 😢
Looks good tbh but volk looks weird af lol, his ufc 4 model was a lot better
Martialllllll
It does not look good.
i dont like the uppercut change or the control change its too simple it doesnt work my lead overhands
Really wish they would offer a striking stick control scheme, just like the old fight night games 🥊that'd be dope
So excited for the new animations! Let us know when they come out. SMH
Определенно не стоит своих денег! Ufc 4 на новом движке и графике
They look the same
18:10 Khabib Nurmagomedov  🦅
My man sold out
Never understood those hopping leg kicks  What's with the hunchbacked player models. Ufc 2 was the last good game.  I literally skipped ufc 3 and 4 they were unplayable to me. But this doesn't look promising. I cant lie it looks rough.
Aren’t the doctor stoppages ruining the game ? I feel like they do
im not getting excited
I’m actually more excited for UFC 5 after the first gameplay trailer that I have to be honest was underwhelming.This deep dive trailer actually got my excitement back up and I’m happy to see Martial with the team at EA helping them explain stuff better with the game.The striking looks actually better and I am excited for the new damage system and submission system.I feel the new damage system will change the game for sure.I am a little mixed on the ground.I feel it might be too easy and easy to exploit.I hope I’m wrong,but I’m getting that feeling.Also it kinda sucks the clinch will be pretty much the same,but I guess you can’t have it all.All and all,looking forward to UFC 5 and can’t wait to play 👊👊👊
They should make it so the damage penalty is lifted after the round starts but it comes back easier and for longer if you’re damaged again in the round
My man martial
Regardless of the added features It Still moves and looks like UFC 4. 😢
Dude, he made a big one right here!! .. i didn't expect this.. good one buddy
Blood don’t even leak 🤦🏻‍♂️ trash game
What about transitions in the clinch;over underhook;double underhooks;
Let’s go martial 🔥🔥
The striking looks almost the same, and the grappling is a improvement but the same linear stupid mechanics that they’ve had for several games. It’s been years since 4 came out like legit this is what they are giving us?
Take my money. Can’t wait 👍
Three years for UFC 4.2 💀, ridiculous
Respect to martial mind everytime but the game looks terrible the fighters look worse than ufc 4 and the movement looks trash
I’m ngl I use to hate on this man sometimes in his vids in the past smh but it’s still actually kind of dope seeing doing this 👀
добавте руский язык и это будет самая продаваяемая часть в истории ufc P.s add the Russian language and it will be the best-selling part in ufc history
So a glorified update. There isn’t $70 worth of an upgrade. I’ll wait for it to come on gamepass or something lmao.  Wait, submissions are just holding the stick in one direction the entire time? That’s supposed to be fun or an upgrade from the mini games? 😂 It’s so lazy
Ufc 4.5 with graphics patch  + some gameplay improvements.
Bruuh thats the same gameplay like ufc 4 with new engine hell nahh  that just looks like a Patch and still no pride Mode and Clinch switch just brought Some things from older ufc games back like leg injury   .. from ufc 2 very sad😢
YES MARTIAL
Lets pretend like UFC 3 undisputed didnt already have more and better features than this piece of rubbish. Ufc3 undisputed came out in 2012 just so yall are aware 😂
Let's Go Martial !
I mean it does look alot better
Графика не нового поколения, как было показано в трейлеле, это очередной обман, отменяйте предзаказы
Bring it to PS4!!!
They should have improved the animations for the characters, i think it was ufc 3 where dom cruz actually moved like the real guy and then ufc 4 destroyed him, look at the stance of pereira, he doesn't fight like that etc. They need to tune down the facial deformation a bit and last but not least they should fix the walking, they slide instead of walking or running, it looks horrible.
I hope flash knockouts occur more often
I still hate how stiff your combo mechanics are.  Knockouts aren't satisfying like the striking flow UFC 2 had, and your button mechanics are still a mess.   If we could remap them, that may help, but still. Underwhelming game since the third.
please tell me blockimg head movement is still in the game😢
Compared to other fighting games, UFC is behind and looks inferior... I'd rather play MK or SF or Tekken
Graphics look like they still need a next gem jump. But all these features look amazing. Can't wait for it. Only one thing I didn't like. When you show the knock out by Adesayna, that flying knee is killer bro. But, prior to that, I don't like the Ufc 4 animation where when u hit the fighter and they fall down, they still have that weird auto get up. It looks like such a bad animation. Thanks for this great deep dive. We'll deserved u got to do it. No one better than u man. Cheers ;)
head turns into a tomato before the submission is even locked in. lol
i hate when they talk about things being "too intimidating" for new players. they'll learn how to play on due time
But can i still use the old uppercut etc? Cuz i like it in ufc4
Martial be honest bro this is complete ass and no different from the past 4 games
This game looks so garbage wtf? 😂😂😂
Will there be better KO animations
UFC 5 looks stunning graphically, excited to check the game out soon 😊
Sold ya soul to da devil it was a crappy deal , but it came with a few toys like a happy meal 🤣😂
Come on, where's my hammer fist?
Like some details like JJ tape on toes
Looks the same as ufc 4. If they added voice chat at least the game would have life
Foot work looks very Bad, Happy to get Fedor 😎
Damm man I miss THQ
As if ur too lazy to sort out the clinch system, it’s fuckin terrible
As decent the changes are, it’s fucking unreal how UFC Undisputed 3 had all of this and more. This is the slowest game of catch-up I’ve ever seen.
looks just like ufc 4!!! :O
I hope every other fight doesnt end with dr stoppage. I think adding dr stoppages is a bad idea it rarely happens in ufc so hopefully it will rarely happen in game
Ground game is ass.  The control undisputed 3 gave you on the ground was amazing.  Dropping elbows in that game feel great lol
for pc ??????
3 years and no gnp hammer fists great job ea
The first one had the best feel to it. Idk why they changed it so much
This is ufc 4 update!Not ufc 5🤦😔
yess martial!!!! very deserved to be the guy to walk everyone through it
PC please thank you
Nice basically the same game lol literally and the models look worse
Look wack
Why it looks so glitchy not smooth.?
This is the same ufc 4 game, nothing new(
Hope the ground stamina has been sorted. Was sickening getting off the ground with zero stamina even though my opponent who was all over me still had a full stamina bar... got ridiculous at times.
UFC was smart to get Martial 🎉
Martial Mind how fitting my brotha! Like a glove 🥊💪👏
I play full Boxing in mma online matches since UFC3 and mastered the head-movement, upgrading or buffing this in the new game was unnecessary.
I hope when it come to creating a player they have so much more options of hair styles, facial hair Style and tattoos!
No mobile game for this?
He is a sell out just like all these YouTubers , they are getting paid big time to lie about the game and say it’s great . And you guys buy it , make no money , you lose money and pay for the same game again and again . Next ufc game will be the same again , and you will be fooled by your favorite YouTubers who only care about themself and making money . And we regular people are the ones working and paying . Are we getting quality for what we pay ? No . We pay for trash . Capitalism at it finest . I can’t believe people hasn’t realized how capitalism ruined gaming. The same with call of duty and battlefield . YouTubers are getting paid people ! Stop falling for it
Clinch looks fuckiny terrible
Less go martial mind respect my man🎉
Same gameplay but more things only
People let’s be real it’s look like ufc 4 with little changes. So disappointed that I preordered it.
All of these changes are great, but I feel like most of these could have been added to UFC 4 in a patch/update.
not impressed bring back ufc 2 fight mechanics this is a video games good graphics goes a long way we don't need the super realism we just need a fun gamw
all I was hearing is ufc 5 is ufc 4.5b a patch... we buffed we decreased.... has is that considered a new game?
LETS GO ITS OUR MAN MARTIAL
So elbow and straight spam is about to be the meta this submission transitions from sub to sub is about to be a huge skill gap hopefully they make a proper ranking system
ain’t no way @martialmind you’re now a legend, have been watching you for so long
whats the difference between 4 and 5?
Congrats Martial Mind!  Im very happy about more punishing damage and more viable defensive options.
I don't know why, but i feel like a proud father !! Really proud of you mm. ❤
Ea is so fucking lazy. Tony’s model looks the exact same as ufc 4 literally 100% same model
They still got them generic ass cornermen as if fighters don’t train together lol. And Rashad Evans in Venum gear instead of classic gear? EA still in the copy and paste mentality.
Couldn't have gotten anyone better for this.  MM is top tier 👌🏽
UFC 2 is still my favorite
Martial mind my man
Looks the same.  No thnx.
It's the same game as EA UFC 4 with visual upgrades and minor game play tweaks. The ground game is the same,striking looks the same. WHERE IS UNDISPUTED 4? EA's on the same bs as usual
All this new feature they could have just update it to ufc4.....
Martial done made it 😭
No way my guy martial mind sheesh I’m definitely getting it now
I can already being Docter Stoppages being an annoying feature. The disputed games didn’t even advertise docter stoppages. They game out rarely.
Shill
UFC 4.2 Title update 😂, still the same clunky lookin mess😂😂😂
BROOOO WHAT IS THIS GROUND AND POUND???
I kinda wish they would have had a more extensive grappling system like ufc undisputed 3, but I guess they just accept that thq would make this game better than they ever could had they still been able to make ufc 5.
Gives a only Boxing Mode ?
This looks the exact same as 4. You all smoking crack or something? EA, you absolutely suck
They probably won’t do it but it would be dope asf to have Joe Rogan do commentary in game 😢
Ok all of this from ea but are slam KOs back?
15:14 such a missed opportunity to just be able to roll into mount while still holding the guillotine before finishing it from mount that urks me so much.
Martial mind leggo💪🏾💪🏾
Bob and weave with Tyson gonna be crazy
I WNT THE GAME SO BAD OMG!!!!!
Noooo they payed my man out 😢😢
Looks like UFC 4 😅
EA read this ASAP. to stop the game feeling so arcadey you NEED to introduce quick & heavy strikes. for example a quick headkick to gauge an opponents timing can be thrown by simply pressing the (L1+O/LB+B) as usual & resembles a stephen thompsons type, no wind up headkick but holding the O/B buttons will use significantly more stamina, have a wind up & even if blocked should disturb the opponent’s stance & centre of balance where they might take a step to the side then step back into place just like they were pushed by an equal force. a headkick that stuns & cuts an opponent shouldn’t look so stiff
Those elbows actually suck
Hope i can pick my weight division in rank 😢
As a guy who slips alot of strikes I can't wait to see the buffs
I guess I'm playing ufc3 for another 3 years
Eh doesn’t look too different
swear they have a new submissions system every time a new game comes out
Glad to see Martial Mind getting recognition. Bring this to PC, please.
Innovative but this was in ufc undisputed 3 on ps3 😂😂 best ufc game
idk how i feel bout it think ufc 4  nailed everything but the grappling
Is the grappling fundamentally the same as the last 2 games?
UFC 4.3
eevry noob judging the game by the grapichs lol
People gonna hate but honestly looks fun and is a step in the right direction. Not worth the $80 dollar price tag, but as a degenerate who has 40 days in UFC 4, gonna buy it anyways 🤣
I want my Big suplex KO like ufc 3 ^^
UFC 4 HD?
Pc?
Many good things but thé clinch and takedown look like ufc 4...  I Hope the takedown and slam did Real dommage and slam KO   Sorry for mistake i'm frensh 🙏
No PC port ? Don't care.
Ayye martial perfect person for this
nahhhh martial mind on a ea trailer is crazyy
Striking still looks stiff, boring and unsatisfying. Please just remake THQ's undisputed 3 which was the perfect MMA game.
Hopefully this comes to PC
I'm surprised the community generally misses the point of all of this. This isn't about stand up animations. The changes they made to the dynamics of a fight are infinitely more impactful than any single animation change could be. Even if they mocapped every single fighter and gave them their own animations, it would still be less impactful than this.  This flips the strategy of a fight upside down. In the past, you could get absolutely wrecked, and still keep moving as usual. You get certain damage areas reduced, but that's it. Now it looks like - for players who just rely on being punch sponges and countering you, one swift take down and some attempts to submit them using armbars and kimuras could strategically allow you to reduce their block efficiency and punch strength, maybe not getting you the submission, but allowing you just enough to break block more easily, avoid their counters or reduce them, and really put them in a tough spot.  That alone is a MASSIVE change.   And for those players who just rush you, try to corner you and just spam blast knees and elbows? Well, they cost stamina. Sit back, let them gas out, pop them in the nose and mouth, take down, chop off some of that permanent stamina, get their breathing worse, and they'll HAVE to change strategy, or risk gassing out completely and getting murked.   This is incredible. Well done.
Man, it's truly inspiring to see Martial get this far. Ive been watching his matches for a few years and the way he knows the subtleties of boxing/mma games are on a different level. It's awesome that we can see someone go from uploading a few matches and giving honest feedback about gameplay and potential improvements but also, to take the time to give other players tips to get better while always staying humble. Im super happy for him that he's being acknowledged for his province and talent in the fighting simulation game community. Great job man!
Yo why that ground and pound look like that
okay but why did herb dean still not actually stop the fight? 17:35
Insane seeing Martial present this!🤣🤣🤣 hella looking forward to it
Eterna patinação no gelo. Jogo pior que UFC 4. Pela primeira vez não comprarei um jogo do UFC.
Is it PS4 2?
c'mmon! you are demonstrating a new damage system in 2023 that inmediately gets from 0 to 10 in the way it looks as damage, I think you can do it better in a progressive way to reflect the damage from a little cut to a cut with a progressive inflammation and bleeding not just a magic hit that inmediately gets in a bad looking damage, I love EA Sports games but guys you honestly can do it better, I mean TLOU2 did it 3 years ago
W Martial and W EA for having him
I want to see slam ko's in the game!
They should’ve just brought back the submission system from UFC 3 and improved it
Of what year is this game? 2018?
I hate this bearded guys mic and the way he talks can’t even e understand him and he’s hurting my ears
This system is actually pretty cool
Would like to see more fighter unique animations for strikes and stances. Hopefully in EA UFC 6 each fighter can look and feel as if it’s them. The Gaethje block, Cruz head movement, and Wanderlei hooks from EA UFC 3 & 4 were exactly the type of thing I’m talking about. More of that, but for all the fan favorites.
This submission system is too much op
So ufc 5 With better graphics
Will Francis Ngannou be in the game?
boring
Same grappling and clinch graopling system. COME ON MARTIAL, you know we ALL wanted Undisputed 3's grappling system smh 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Ngl this is a really big improvement from 4
This is ufc 4?
Can we all agree Martial deserves this?!
I’m glad they let someone as well versed in real life combat practices as well as virtual combat lead this advertisement campaign and help with community development feedback instead of just another gamer/QA tester. Hopefully they listened to his development ideas lol, seems like martial had a large hand in getting rid of the submission mini-games😂. Super glad to see Martial in this position man, let’s go ufc 5 hypeee.
Nice to see Martial doing his thing! Congrats🎉 still don't understand why ea avoids doing games on pc 🤬 I mean they do football on pc, but not hockey and ufc, I guess no ufc game for pc gamers for another 2-3 years😞
This is UFC 4 basically. Same physics which suck
They don’t have cross play, what a shame.
anyone see joanna’s jaw at 10:48 💀💀
I really hope the career mode is good. Seems like all of the gameplay is there, they definitely added things that are missing from ufc 4 and if the career mode is also fun and got some new elements to it then this game will definitely be a hit.
Ground elbows?
I was waiting for Martial to watch and review this trailer but I didn't realize he was actually hosting it. WTF. Good sheeit my bwoi
Yes, Great work Martial Mind
Still not UFC undisputed
The gameplay presentation looks much better now with someone who knows how to play the game
This is next gen and selling this with as real as it gets...looking like UFC 4 and just look at hearb dean movements...like a fucking robot with a stuck face...this is the lowest for next gen...should have come out with the las gen too
W martial mind but this is just a reskinned UFC 4 unfortunately same clunky striking animations
Before watching I just hope they did something about knee/elbow spam
Lol y’all just accept and take what they give huh?? This looks identical to UFC 4. And don’t comment about the simplistic updates or differences between the two games. As someone who has almost 400 hrs on UFC 4, this is highly disappointing to see.
Why would you ever add doctor stoppage
I can't wait. s/o martial mind and plz fix those ufc 4 animations PLZ
Cage clinching should be like the ground transition based system. Should be able to choose to transition against the cage, throw strikes knees elbows and use the cage to shoot for takedowns.  CAGE SIT DOWN positions against the cage, this should happen during any normal takedown attempts against the cage. Power double leg and single leg will drop opponent off the cage straight to mat.  I hope when you KO someone, still the choice to still throw strikes and hammer fists on the downed opponent until the ref pushes you off, not just during TKO but ALSO during KO moments
RELEASE ON PC. YOU WILL MAKE SO MUCH MONEY !
I’m going to respect players that grapple in this game WAY more than the last one
Not getting this wtf😭
I love Martial. I like That Ea decided to get him to talk about the game, but bro lets be real. EA NEEDS TO STOP THIS LEGALIZED SCAM. THE DO THIS WITH FIFA AND THE UFC NOW. Its the same game just with an update that changes some things. This is literally ufc 4 with new foghters kits and minor updates lets ne realm and they are selling it full price
So no transitions in the clinch for the defensive player ? Dang👎
This looks like it might be going in the right direction but might still be as dissapointing as UFC 4. Either way I'm never buying another EA game again, I bought the dlc for UFC 4 and they don't even allow me to use it. They really need to update their account system. I of course don't have access to my EA account from 2010, and they require you to be connected to use dlc that you paid for. All they need to do is let you change the email for the account associated with your gamertag like Rockstar games does or any other company with common sense
GnP still sucks.. but all other stuff looks cool!
The game not being on PC is ridiculous
Sooo I can’t deny or fight mid Submission?
The games striking animations and ground positioning looks exactly like UFC 4 smh
“UFC4 controls were too complex.  To throw an uppercut, you had to press two buttons, now you just need to press two other buttons. Clinches were also hard to initiate. We’ve made them easier by now being able to initiate clinches with the previous uppercut input that we said was too complicated.”
Idk About The Button Inputs I Think Switching The Uppercuts from pressing 2 Buttons For A Regular Spin Is Gonna Be Confusing
Everyone bitching at this point is a clown fr.
can't tell you as a UFC fan and ufc gamer that i am so upset they don't have this out for PC
why is Volk so FAT in UFC 5?
So you didnt rework the entire ground defensive game!!!??  This was the biggest flaw in the last game.
My man jon jones look fat 😂😂😂
Hmm some models don't look like the fighters at all, like Reyes,Cruz, Holloway... I hope it won't be the final build because it kinda looks like UFC 1 here 😂😂
It just makes sense. Martial Mind being an ambassador for UFC 5. He’s the one that got me into watching online matches all the way back to UFC3.
Ufc 4 part two…not much different lets be honest
Can you cage sit your opponent i was hoping for that the most ?!
They still got the same footwork though. UFC 4.5.
The game has the movement of UFC3 and the skin of UFC4 with added features.   That being said I hope this game is good.
man referee still dissapearing,fighters gliding across the octagon,stiff punching animation with no leg positioning its those small details that bugs me.
Ufc 4 remastered
Doctor stoppage and more were already a thing in UFC UNDISPUTED 3. It was such a good game, EA should just copy and paste.
Wait wait wait, 31 seconds in and they’ve been hyping up referee interactions, but they still don’t have it for submissions, ridiculous, undisputed 3 had for submissions too
R1 is uppercut?? Where is the overhand button?
Looks intersting
Can people still spam 20 knees in a go? :p
I hope there’s an option to switch the controls back to the UFC4 layout . They were not difficult in the slightest.
🙏🙏
They added Jiri’s hair so I hope that means way more styles to choose from and WAY MORE TATTOOS ASWELL.
I can’t believe we waited 3 years for the exact same game……
Its a shame there's no PC port😕
If i get a mf in a guillotine in full guard and he out of nowhere jumps to side control .. im deleting the game
Just remake ufc 2 🏃‍♂️🏃‍♂️
Weak. Rinse. Repeat
Where are the hammer fists
Salute martial mind
Honestly looks way better than the previous 2 trailers, we can actually see the improvements aside from graphics getting a sleight upgrade. Those ground and pound finishes look great tbh
Criminal they can’t even make the fighters hairs right Tony’s,stipe,Charles,Connor,holland
Game looks great im pumped
KOs still look like dogsh*t
Someone with high footwork in ufc 4 will basically feel the same in ufc5 but the slower shits that no one uses will get faster where’s the sense ?😂 The ufc 4 fighters with high footwork stats didn’t move like to so why not make them faster and more realistic instead of thinking u had something good and not touching it. Just more stupidity from the devs another slow year slow footwork slow to back up slow to evade poor simulator. Can’t even get uptime team back in a good way as a standard mode let alone fix the footwork. 1 measly frame uno😂 absolute rubbish just expect it to play like ufc 4 cos they really thign ur they had footwork down to a T by the sounds of it
This looks really good, wow!
Maybe the game ain’t so bad after all
Martial !!!!
Lol
Still gonna have clinch spam…hooray. I feel like this new submission system is just gonna perpetuate the waiting game that takes place on the ground. At least we have elbows in this one 😅
Год прошел, число сменилось, ничего не изменилось… завтра будет день опять, да и в рот его …..
Ps3 Graphics though 😂
I had to double check if this was Martials channel but nope it's the official EA UfC YouTube the man has made it 👏 😂🎉
How do the graphics and physics get worse every game smh
the character movement is still stiff, one the the main problems in the games. for me THQ made better UFC games and its not even close. last good UFC game was UFC 3 Undisputed.
Please tell me they've actually made a way to reward counter strikers/footwork oriented players  I always liked to fight sim style which is almost impossible in higher level play in UFC 4 as people mainly block break
He’s legit atrocious
No wayyyyyy bruh HENRYYY
Where is the position at the grid?
I hope you can do things like hurt the forearms with high kicks making it easier to get arm subs etc...  Not just submissions impacting striking but striking that impacts submissions
Getting martial mind on? EA is basically trynna brain wash us to forget all the flaws due to the fact that Martial mind is the OG mma channel
Still not buying
Super cool seeing him get to do this deep dive!
This looks like the EXACT same game with smoother submissions and ground elbows  Nothing else change Same shitty single position clinch Same crappy leg kick reactions It’s whatever
Ufc 4 is a game i boot up when i get home from work, playing ranked when i listen to a podcast. For this ritual, this game is looking ideal, and tackles a lot of the annoyances i have with 4 while making different tactics more viable. I also understand those who wanted more from what we're seeing, but i think imma have a lot of fun with this
No voice chat!
From the little I can gather it seems like they're trying to reward players for being smart   The feints especially in the gameplay trailer is dope to see, the heavy stamina tax for feinting felt so bs at times and makes it hard for you to recreate true to life striking   I hope this game focuses on rewarding people for fighting knowledge and less of knowing which cheesy mechanics to abuse
Maybe by October they will fix and iron out all the kink’s. But who knows let’s just hope for a better version. They really need to stop with adding legendary boxers they deserve a Comeback in a Fight Night. Fedor is a very nice touch, they have so many legendary MMA legends randy couture, don frye, bas rutten. Hopefully they start doing penalties on players that quit it would only be fair. 👊🏼👊🏼👊🏼👊🏼
At the end when Martial Mind said this immersive, authentic and exciting MMA gameplay experience to date that’s how you know his opinion has been bought out by EA  Martial you really gonna act like you never played EA UNDISPUTED 3?
🔥 martial!!!!
Ngl, those striking controls sounds horrible, guess I’ll have to wait to fully judge until I play it, but I love the ufc 4 striking controls, kinda sad they didn’t use those. Don’t have to change everything to make a better game imo
I want UFC 5 available in PC😢
What a prank! The referee does not participate in the video, he is waving his hands. The game was made in 6 months on the knee. Mockery of fans. And the person who voices was well paid.
exciting times
Please say Isaac  frost is back from ufc4. Along with Brock lesner and jorge Gamebred Masvidal
Im really not to sure about the dynamic striking controls. I found that the controls in UFC 4 felt really good and throwing a combination felt like you're playing a fighting game by clicking mulitple buttons. Hopefully theres a setting for legacy controls
Knowing how EA makes UFC games it’s obvious that doctor stoppage mechanic is going to be heavily abused and exploited by players, same with all other health stuff
I don’t wanna hear nobody complain about them not doing much. The only thing I expected but they didn’t add was to allow the bottom fighter being able to punch while the top opponent is punching on top control. But other than that I’m so excited for ufc 5!!!👊🏼👊🏼
If they got Martial Mind in this production, I got high hopes‼️
Bro X and O together for spins is wild? How do you even press those buttons together comfortably 😂
Pc?
No wonder he wasn't trying to talk bad about it lol
16:34 as if Jon jones has the tape on his foot 😂
nice but am i the only one who’s a little bothered by the fact that the fighters who wear the short compressed shorts are all wearing the long compressed shorts?(like mcgregor and pereira)… idk it’s just a little detail that bothers me
They done scripted my boy
Let’s go my boy martial doing big things 💯
Glad for Martial, but the game looks bad
Martial when he wasn’t payed by EA: ewww this looks bad this looks amateur im so disappointed him when he's paid: amazing😍
Looks kinda jerky and stiff
thank u i can throw jon jones elbows on the ground !!
This looks like it was made in 2006
The issue with the clinch is its too mechanical  just like the ground  game just re.ake undisputed  3 with new graphics  dude
Good the grappling is better
subs seem to be too easy. i jus gotta flick up on the stick and it’s an automatic tap?
Can't wait to play the new ufc 4
Bruh crazy to see martial here!!
The ground and pound is not easy
Looks super robotic and last gen to me
Now instead of holding two buttons for an uppercut. You just have to hold two buttons for an uppercut 😀
ahhhhh thats why Martial was bullsh*ting with the reaction, he's sponsored lol
I haven't clicked on a video faster seeing martial mind was in the title MY GUY 😭❤
This man has helped sell so many copy’s of all the UFC games. A legend in the game. Well deserved Martial!
Ufc 4.5
Still got the same corny red and blue stun states
Ipryoxis could never
The ground n pound is still horrible and unrealistic looking
I'm tempted to buy a console for this game lol..
I am so hard for this game
I like it, it seems good but they should’ve been did this when they switched from undisputed like why take away something your just gonna implement it into the game years later🤦🏽‍♂️
My boy martial getting big time we love to see it!! 🇳🇬🇳🇬🇳🇬🇳🇬
No ground elbows?
Improved character customization?
Honestly, ill wait for it to go on sale. With 3 years to work on it, not impressed enough to part with my cash.
Im gonna smash everybody in this game ill be king
Man this what you like to see. EA actually caring ab the community. Going in depth with their most popular creator. This is amazing to see! Im so excited
the foot work looks so weird 😂
I'm sorry but this video only proved not much has changed in this game and it is just a carbon copy with a few updated features.. it's like a reskin with a few modded animations, you coud achieve this on any game with modding in a few hours. Sad to see man, I'm so glad I don't own a next gen console so i don't get scammed again.
this game looks atrocious. Like theyve only gotten worse. Ufc 3 was peak. They have lost it. 1 step forward, 2 steps back.
basically it's just a ufc4 mod pack
No way 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I like the arcadey feel of ufc 4 I don’t like this tbh
martial getting put on the map fr
Martial Mind sold ass, shame on you. This game will be trash we waited 3 years for an update coming from a game released 11 years ago.
Martial Mind!!!!!
Great video, looking forward to this being released. Probably won't buy it.
Congrats Martial but this looks more like UFC 4.1 lol.
martial made it big time 😂😂
looks the same martial
He’s big time now🥲🥲
Unrealistic as it can get this isit said if you spend a whole round on the ground you will start the next round with basically the same stamina they didn’t want It depleting to much yet grappling is tiring and being taken down to the floor and fighting to get up is exhausting yet in YNREALISTIC FC 24 it won’t? Great thinking just more stupidity so the little Timmy no thumbs don’t complain they got ragdolled on the ground and can’t spam 300 strikes and have full steam
lets go martial mind
I read some "optimistic" comments and get desperate. Once again, EA has destroyed all hopes and gives the old game for a new one. How greedy, hypocritical and cynical can you be? Ask EA.
Doctor stoppage is one of the most hate new features
Yo, this is just patch notes. Tell me what’s here that couldn’t be added in patches to UFC4?
Ppl are about to be running their ass off even worse now 😮‍💨😮‍💨😮‍💨😮‍💨😮‍💨
pryoxis punching the air rn
COMMON MARTIAL MIND W
17:05 look at their faces turned red when they exerted an amount of force
I hope we can make custom cafs again without the preset styles or whatever
What a sell out. The game will be ass trust
Who is martial?
Why’s there an insane amount of sweat flying off each hit lol
Wow… this actually looks trash
Body types still look like ass. Can’t even get the fighters to look right why the hell would I have any hope of the gameplay being any good 😂
getting martial on this was the best thing ea done
Gameplay looks like UFC 4 😢
I love the fact martial mind is in this video
ICON 5
I really hope we have custom movesets for CAFs again
Tbh i love the game already i cant wait for it but i just want to see the gameplay for fedor, Muhammad, and tyson thats it and ill be good
Bro literally said something negative about EA in this video that EA posted and yet people calling him a sell out 😂
Martial!!!!!!
Bring back oldschool buttons from ufc undisputed
This is wild to see martial on an official espn video, nonetheless I’m not impressed. The health icons were my favorite addition to UFC 4’s story mode, i always wondered why that didn’t transfer over to the game. Now i know, its so they can pretend like they came up with something after 3 years lol geez   Changing settings is also possible through game ufc 4 allowing to change the game to make it better. I lowered the damage and raised stamina allowing for more strikes and blood with such a fast ko
EA has mastered the $60 patch 😂
Everything looks way more fluid all around
MARTIAL MINDEDD
Im disappointed about the clinch. How is it we have doctor stoppages and other not too impressive upgrades. HOW IS IT AN MMA GAME AND I CAN ONLY INITIATE THE CLINTCH FOR SINGLE COLLAR TIE WHEN THEY HAD A BETTER SYSTEM FOR UFC 3. UFC 3 DUDES. IM A FAN AND WANT TO SUPPORT BUT YALL CANT KEEP DOING THIS AND WANT US TO PAY MORE BECAUSE IT "NEXT GEN CONCOLS"
Unpopular opinion this looks fire to me
Doctor stoppage sounds like a disaster lol
Goat martial
Add this to pc you MFS!
How does undisputed 3 still have better ground game and ground and pound than a game being released 15 years later  Lol you still can’t angle your body to land ground and pound from different directions like undisputed. How is ea this comically bad? Such an easy thing to add and makes such a huge difference. I mean my lord it looks terrible still. So disappointing, I really had hope
Feel like we haven’t heard anything about a career mode like they are just forgetting about single play
That submission system gonna be scary cheesey
Yoooooooo martial
The graphics are dissapointing. You made us expect new generation graphics. But you only implemented it on cinematic footage…
Sounds good
Look’s nothing like connor
Props to Martial, he seems like a good dude and he knows what he's talking about (EA should hire him to guide the devs), but LOOK and LISTEN to what we're being shown here. Almost everything is about easy to implement stat/status tweaks with icons to go with them all. Rather than do the hard work of actually rebuilding the animation system to deliver a proper sense of weight, movement, impact, and reactions (all the things that make a fighting game FEEL good), they decide to spend 3 years basically modifying existing attributes in reaction to different situations and throwing tiny icons all over the place to try and communicate what's happening. If this game was built properly, you wouldn't need any HUD or UI to tell you anything - you'd be able to see it and feel it through the animations and visuals. Sigh... Imagine what we'd say if someone told us in 2012 while playing Undisputed 3 that we'd never have another game better than that in the next 11 years. Back then the sky was the limit for UFC/MMA games, but here we are, almost 12 years later, with this 5th attempt from EA. SMH.
LETS GO MARTIAL gettin that recognition he deserves
I want ufc2 animate
Why does pereira have vale tudo long?
Sellout
wow😲😯
um thats still 2 buttons for a uppercut, its just a different 2 button
Yeah but what about the Knockout system? When they added the update to the knockout system in ufc 4 it was pretty rare to get a ragdoll effect when knocking out your opponent. Since this was never brought up for the 5th installment I'm kinda skeptical about the KO system now but I guess I'll just have to see for myself.
It sucks that we can't rent games anymore. They make you buy them so even if the game sucks (UFC 4) they got your money already so it's considered a success.
I cannot fkn wait!
Graphics look amazing but the gameplay looks a little choppy and more of the same as UFC 4, given the move to the frostbite engine and next gen consoles I expected a bigger change to gameplay
I thought I clicked on a martial vid for a sec 😭
Mauy Thai mode for online
I’ve been waiting for this moment for you martial!!!!
How do the knockouts look?
Martial mind is held at gun point
Get that bag Martial.
LETS GO MARTIAL
W MARTIAL MIND
The blood is wrong, it’s too still, blood doesn’t congeal like that on the chest, it drips.
Why does the Referee still disappear!?
ARE WE GOING TO GET PUNISHMENT FOR PEOPLE WHO RAGE QUIT AFTER LOSING A MATCH YET BEC WE QLL TIRED OF BUMS THAT CANT HANFLE THE LOSS
Sold his soul
This game looks the same smh
Same game
11:39 how am I gonna press X and O at the same time 🤔
So how will you defend against someone in a submission playing multiplayer
im so disgusted in EA, we wait 4 years just for the striking to be exactly the same. Such a dissapointment.
This is the exact game as UFC 4. Basically UFC 4.5 and martial is selling out saying it’s good smh
Sellout
Why Leon Edwards model is so fat in this game ?
haha they didnt let Pry do this because he wouldve wrecked them 😂
X and O together is bad
EA release the game on pc
Well this is a great sign having someone who plays online like martial kind go through the mechanics
Некстген говорили они
Let's go Martial!
What about the clinches from ufc 2? Are they just going to ignore those? Cage clinches, standing clinches, the certain positions you could put a player in to hit them with stronger knees, etc. WE WANT ANSWERS
why can’t they add a replay mode like in other sports games such as nba 2k and madden?
This look likes 4.5 🚮
How much did yall pay Martial to suck you guys off? This game is the exact same 💀
Nice striking animations are exactly the same
Is there gonna be a demo??
How the hell do you press x and circle for a spinning attack and pair it with circle for a different kind of spinning attack? What is going on here?
Wasn’t expecting this after watching his trailer reaction video lol
27 th of October 😂 let’s go
Let's goo martial mind
I was so hype now im so disappointed
You know this game ass when ea can even talk about there game lol got to use YouTubers
The submission system sounds horrible. How tf are we supposed to defend them? Now people are just gonna spam submissions
I Feel like They should Have Done this a while ago .
Martial Minds is a sell out. Dude was just complaining a couple days ago. Yes man jerk!!
Okay, thank god for this… martial mate, you’re a legend! This has helped my choice of the pre order a tonne. Definitely excited mahout that head movement the most 😩🙌🏻
Drinking game: take a shot every time martial mind says icon
I was hoping that they went back to button mashing submissions
I remember wondering why martial mind was like the only person saying good things about the UFC 5 footage, I now have my answer...
фигня
So it's basically just UFC 4.5 😂
EA knows this game is garbage, trying to get sells by putting Martial on the video.
Bland
Martial said he don’t even like the game wtf
It looks exactly the same
WHERES FIGHT NIGHT !!!
Is it just me or does the lighting look really bad. Like UFC 4 Apex bad
At the end People knows better! I see UFC 4.1 the gameplay is still slow and stale for next gen game and the graphics not even that impressive. "sellout mind" is lying shamelessly because they featured him💰
Feels like subs are going to be ridiculously OP. All you have to do is deny a few transitions. That's going to get spammed a ton.
Martial mind was a perfect choice for this
So subs are gonna be the new meta for sure.
You forgot one thing!!!! How about Elbows???
I hope they payin u good martial, this definitely just sold me. Blows the official gameplay trailer out of the water…
People complain hard keep on playing ufc 3 or 4 if you don’t like what you’re seeing y’all haven’t even tried it i remember people saying the same thing for ufc 4 but once they played it’s different if not keep playing ufc 3 I play 3 and 4 you guys make your own hell on earth man 😂
EA PLEASE BRING THIS TO PC!
francis ngannous kid alfa
They knew the right person to get on this video.
17:32 ????
Martial "UFC 4 clinch system suches" Developer guy "same janky system, harder to clinch"  May as well have been
Amazing love to see it!!!
The camera feels far at times
If square and X initiate the clinch, how do you throw an uppercut?
🔥🔥
Mid af same garbage
Nah I'm good with UFC 2 and UFC undisputed 3, I still got my Xbox 360 and the Undisputed 3 disc all in great condition, the graphics in UFC 4-5 look so shitty lol
yall still have no one hitter KO
No One asked for this bull 💩  We wanted more control on the ground and the ability to control the speed and power of strikes. We wanted to be able to catch leg kicks and 💩 like that. The body damage and submission damage was always there.
Bro you deserve this makes me shed a tear 😥
Well deserved martial! 👏🏽👏🏽
Martial done went industry
Ea bought one of their biggest critics . Sad to see .
I CANNOT FUCKINGGG WAITTT
EA was hella smart, getting Martial to vouch for the game. We all hate EA, but we all love Martial. Still looks like UFC 4.5 tho...  Changed a few buttons standing up but kept most of the animations while managing to worsen the already mediocre ground and pound animations. Martial is right. Seamless submissions are the only thing saving this game from complete failure. IMO this just shows how EA IS able to make a good game, it just takes them too much effort, thus making them tweak as little things as possible from the game to be as lucrative as possible... sad, just sad.
Can you break hands/arms from blocking? (In game)
Shoutout martial mind
They really didn’t change the gameplay. A lot of features? yes. But the pacing and fluidity as well as 99% of animations? No. Crazy  that a game from almost 12 years ago (undisputed) did it better.
These new controls seem trash. X and O are hard to press at the same time. UFC 3 has the perfect control scheme. They should've just used that one and improved on it.
It’s so unlikely   But I hope they bring back the styles for created fighters   Like being able to chose  Karate  Muay Thai  Judo  BJJ  Boxing    That was great in ufc 2   They dumbed it down in the sequels and I hope they bring it back
takedowns?
I’m keeping my expectations low especially after how bad the ground game was in 4 so I’m hoping I’ll be surprised. I could at least get a take down on UFC 3, but never could master it or even get decent at it in the 4th game. That’s what I’ve always wanted to say to EA that yea it’s cool that we can see every little cut and how great the graphics are but what’s more important by a mile to me is simply the  gameplay. Is the game fun to play and is it smooth running and make for a fun experience on the ground the the same as it is throwing strikes and kicks. THQ got the closest to doing both but all 4 of the EA games have come up short especially 4 that was a serious step backwards. 3 was playable but 4 was not for me and I play a lot. I don’t play online I play alone usually the fights that are coming up. Thanks for the breakdown!
Very happy for Martial....he deserves recognition!! Extremely disappointed with the UFC 4.2 game🤦🏻‍♂️... Very sad to know that the developers changed almost nothing in the gameplay....I expected more for the new generation!!
Smart move by EA give martial a sponsorship so he can't give his real opinion 👍
So ur telling me they only work on doctor stoppage’s, fucking icons ….. they did nothing to change the striking and ground game …. It still looks fake …. THQ ufc 3 better
No way my guy really made it big time💪🏾💯 the GOAT
We love Martial💚
No PC? Pass
Bro it’s the same game like ufc 4 nothing change same bull
Martial mind deserves this, bro made it
#arcadegame #ufc5
If I didn't know I clicked this, I would think this is ufc 4
Martial is the GOAT
Whatever… I just hope the submission are not too easy tho. Otherwise people will start spamming it therefore ruin the online game..
Wait…but why is the ref look like they brought it back to wwf animations 😅
!! WOWW , Amazing , Can't wait to play !!!!😮🥰🥰😍😍🤩🤩
This is crazy wtf
MARTIALLLL BIG TIME GUY DONE KNOWWWWWWWWWW
so after 3 whole years of ufc 4 the only changes they could brainstorm were to the graphics and the submissions?
Love the front kick and check hook!! Some thing I’m liking about this regardless of it looking a bit reskinned
So all the comments are just about marshall mind
MARTIAL MIND WTF NO WAY
Backyard and kumite with the damage will be crazy
The controls are trash
they should do the ufc 3 clinch and takedown system, so many different takedowns with inside trips,outside, judo throws etc. and you can clinch anything without having to go to a single collar and have to throw a strike to get to thai or bail a take down to get over under and be up against the cage to get the back
I wonder if takedown reversals/submissions are going to be the same input..
Wondering if we re getting the same 3 refs we always do
My career???
put it on pc plssss
We're proud of you Martial Mind!
But why is pereira tiny compared to Adesanya??
Only because of the support Martial shown to the game i will buy it but i do not like the potato color on Kamaru Usman face  an armbar 😂
So basically the stun icons are just 30 second (15 real time seconds) debuffs. Not too bad. Also, I won't be impressed with UFC until they add some personality and fun to the ground game.
ufc 4 they tarnished the grappling controls  3 years later ufc 5 they tarnished the striking controls
UFC Undisputed 3 was a massive step ahead of its first two games but EA is on it's 5th one and they all look terribly the same. Wtf dude. Give the rights to THQ Nordic already. EA never changes much
“MARTIAL” “MARTIAL” “MARTIAL” I’m happy you here bro
Bruh these mfs recycled skins again 0:25 T city is not that solid
This game looks outdated. I’m sorry, sugar coat it as much as you want. It does not look next gen.  The fighters look very low polygon. The animation is so stuff. This looks like a recycled ufc 4 game.
That doctor looks like he's 16 years old. I'd want a second opinion.
It doesn’t look bad at all  ,but it can be more added ,like a double leg from from the clinch  like in the previous games,and  cage grappling!!!,like how khabib use to have his opponents in a sitting position on the cage and work from there ..the octagon should be utilize more and the game would completely be the best mma game ever if you guys implement that ,just listen to the community a little bit at least ,and don’t wave us off or ego us.Great game so far just ADD CAGE GRAPPLING
CONGRATS MARTIAL U DESERVE IT 🔥🔥🔥🔥
FULL GUARD ELBOWSSSSSSS ARE BACK
I like some of the new features, but I expected so much more after they took more than 3 years to make it. They say they have introduced the frostbite imagine, but the striking animations and movement looks almost identical to UFC 4. I was excited to see what this game was gonna be like after the trailer they released last week. But I’m disappointed quite frankly. The new features don’t warrant a full priced triple AAA game. 3 years and they haven’t changed the core gameplay. Why didn’t they overhaul the whole entire system, now they are using a new engine.
Copy and paste UFC 4 then change a couple mechanics and boom UFC 5. Really hope they didn’t let us down like all other games do today
Yessir
Yessir Martial ❗️
After seeing the deepdive I'm a little more optimistic. Yes, it looks similar to 4, but it's more what 4 should've been. I like that you probably won't be able to pick up the game and just run people down. We will see when the game comes out.
Fight night boxing game... UP?
FIGHT NIGHT COME BAAACK PLS
idk ab the button changes what do y'all think?
Ground and pound dont look to bad tbh guys. Still not ufc undisputed 3 level but i like it.
AYO THATS MARTIAL MIND!!!
I knew Ea would call him. Love to see the game
They should add octagon interviews
My dog made it
I am not looking forward to these doctor stoppages
WHAAATTTTTTT
Meh. After they changed the way the game controls and feels from UFC 2 I could never get into the newer games.
Looks great! 🎉
This doesn’t look like UFC 4 so yall shut up stop hating for nothing lol
Pryoxis somewhere Punchin air rn 😂😂😂
I belive that it can't be worse than ufc 4 but with EA you never know
Whaaaat Martial doing it big!
I used to beat that guy on PS4 EA MMA 2 3 & 4 all the time yet he gets to be an EA UFC MouthPiece. Hope he has XBOX Series X so I can do it again.
Watching this literally initiated a seizure and gave my wife a heart attack
Still looks the same as UFC 4🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
Martial sold out
MARTIAL MIND!!!!!!
Wooooowww Salute to Martial! Really out here doing the dang thing!
Martial Mind Participating in the EA Corruption.   Another lost soul.  Game is trash, UFC 4.5 typical EA Mafia Scammers. Same with FIFA
Smile lit up on my face when I saw “Ft. MartialMind” 😤🔥
all i hear is slider changes... code wise they just changed like 2-3 variables
I hope EA really listens to Martial. That man knows what he is talking about. Congrats on the collab Martial!
Martial god blessing on ya life 🙏🏾💯
Can I get a beta code plz 😢
The submission system sounds terrible to me, I thought it looked good but he just said after 3 submission attempts u instantly tap, thats so wack people already spam subs to in UFC 4 now they just need 3 guaranteed everytime, and how do u defend the submissions? Do u just deny them like u would deny a transition? If so that's terrible, I'm constantly denying people in UFC 4 but the game doesn't actually do it a lot of the time cause the lag. I was just disappointed this game looked like UFC 4.5 but now I just heard that I'm questioning it I'ma play this or end up going back to UFC 4, just sad. Hopefully in action it's not as bad as it sounds.
UFC 4.5
love seeing the ref just off to the side not even in sight during subs and ground and pound and then just casually waving off the fight when they tap or have been beaten enough
Who all here for martial congrats my boi
Nice
take a shot everytime he says “icon”
YEAAA MARTIAL
when does the beta drop........yall already changed it from "late august" to "mid September" and now we're literally in late September bro.
This just shows how ungrateful we where to the announcement if this game im actually happy about this and feel bad for the bashing the community has given ufc 5
This looks awesome
Martial😂😂
I would like to be able to freely posture up and ground and pound like in ufc 2 and 3. Ground and pound is so much better when you arent getting pulled down after a few seconds because of an imaginary bar that decreases
Shoulda asked him when the pc version coming out😔
it is coming to pc????
Need a martial mind character in game
They just broke ufc 🤣💀🤦🏻‍♂️ I’m sure in the future they will regret this and patch the submissions 🤣
Thought I was watching homeboys channel. Then I realized this is the official channel ... 😎
My nigga martial 🤣🤣💯
Horrible u want me to clinch using square and x ?! Those are strike commands and u want me to throw spinning punch attacks using x and o which are kicking commands 🤦‍♂️ horrible and the footwork all looks the same for every fighter my gosh😂 straight punch animations the exact same this is complete 💩 trash I was hoping for all new everything ufc Skyrim big and instead this is ufc 4.5 mobile. Ive played ufc 1 2 3 4 but I stopped playing 4 and I’m not buying this game very disappointed the overall flavor of this game is arcade and not mature or a serious experience I wanted realism not a arcade beat ‘em up.
Needs to be a liver maybe a hip 1
MARTIAL MIND 👑
I hope if you lean directly into a head kick without blocking that it's still a near enough insta KO...you can't hold casuals hands forever...if they do really bad mistakes they need to be punished.
Whoa! I had to check if this was Martial Mind's channel. Way to be in the frontlines promoting this game. Really hope for a fun iteration this year.
Bring back the fight night mechanics jfc
Happy to Martial in the trailer
The trailer looked awesome and so smooth whereas the gameplay looks like there are almost no graphic and few animations improvements.. really disapointing . It still look so much like a game that could run on a Ps4..
I’m feeling a little bit more optimistic since they asked for martial minds opinion. But I’m curious to see how the Knockout mechanics will work. Felt that UFC 2 had best the Knockout mechanics and I’m curious if they will bring that back.
This looks like a step back for the animations. I see a few quirks when getting hit/throwing punches at the same time character bugs out for a sec and applies appropriate animations could be they are getting used to making fighting games on Frostbite engine ..but imo looks basically the same as 4. The level of detail don't seem like a big focal point . Graphics look nearly identical. After 4 iterations I was expecting to see some ground breaking new features. Might be skipping this one as well. Characters still look a little too stiff and robotic. Would like to see some quality of life changes maybe some variation with their fighting stances some slight passive behaviors while being close to your opponent instead of basic idle animation like bots .something to make it more lively the characters can touch gloves as to attest or read their opponent. From different distances i.e 2 meters a fighters will push each other away 4 meters some fighters like lyoto machita will try to read their opponent with their hands towards the fighter sometimes touching gloves .
all what’s keeping me away from buying this is that we’ve seen next to no ko animations & the ones we have they are the same stale slow mo laying down & the fetal position from ufc4 🤷‍♂️ everything else looks cool
My boy😭
Ufc 4 got dope add ons 😂
All the comments are congratulating Martial, but everyone knows this is pretty big disappointment. Animations look stiff and arcade like just like UFC 4. No PRIDE mode despite the entire community begging for it for 5+ years. Character models look inaccurate.   EA ruins gaming franchises.
MAKE PC VERSION!!!!!
NO PC VERSION??? SHAME ON YOU, EA!
love seeing Martial up
Let’s be honest here. All this is just a ufc 4 update. Cuts, doctor stoppages, draws. We wanted a new mma game with a new ground game and better standup. Sorry EA but you won’t get my money ✌️✌️✌️
UFC 3 had so much potential just needed a handful of improvements but they legit went so far backwards for UFC 4. Its like they decided to make it even more arcade like to cater to the button mashers and spammers. I got it for free and still couldn't play it I thought it was god awful. Hopefully this one is better but after the last game they released I honestly have zero hope...also UFC games tend to have the lamest/most toxic online community i've ever experienced so thats never fun.
Im loving everything other than the button change up and basically aiding ppl for combos definitely hope there is a setting where we can keep the same inputs from ufc4
martial mind is the goat
The only thing cool about this video is martial mind. The game itself looks barely different
EA UFC 4.5
Now grappling looks smooth and realistic but striking looks so robotic and twitchy
Big W having martial mind .
why did the fighters face turn bright red in 1 sec when he got put in an arm bar?
Good ideas but it’s ea, of course it will be stupid
My only problem is why do the models all look skinny and long?  Why don't they try to model the anatomy of the fighters better. It's weird.
why do they add calf slicers when they never happen?
What did chito do?
W MARTIAL X UFC
'You no longer have to press two face buttons simultaneously to throw a strike'  The very next point   'You must press three face buttons simultaneously to throw a spinning body kick'  I want you to try and press square, circle and X on a ps5 controller right now, try it. Wtf.
Martial mind, UFC 5s only hope
15:28 nowt wrong wi kevin holland noclipping into chimaev during the roll, 70 quid game pahahaaa
Ui, this is good
Doesn’t seem like they changed a lot in the standup fight system
How do you guys feel when Charles was in that armbar his face got beet red. Seems cool there faces change color too
Why tf does it look like that
*I hemmed people up in the stand up; but that transition reversal system was truly ass ~ fighting wrestlers was a nightmare as they literally spam reversals until you gassed*
Trash
Still no plans for bringing it to PC! Yikes
Bro sold out
Something was off when this game looks like UFC 4 and Martial didn’t say anything negative. You know, same hooks, jabs, knees etc.   Then you make a video with EA? Are you contracted to not say anything negative about UFC 4.5?
Congrats Martial. What a milestone.
Martial Mind!? LETS GO KING!!!
Well done, Martial.
Lmao EASPORTS UFC has Martial Mind and Undisputed has Boxing Fantico😂 that’s dope tho💯
I love that Martial was able to talk about the sore spots in 4 and also big up the good stuff in 5 so far. At first seeing the same system from 4 had me worried but knowing that there’s more of a nuisance to the game and more of the technical aspect of fighting is beautiful. Seeing some of the standup animations and being able to see how you could branch into more crazier combos and techniques. I’m geeked about this fam
when has Stipe thrown spinnig backfists?
Really good explanation, looking forward to this
Not sure how I feel about seamless submissions system you took away the mini game and basically gave us a Health bar for submissions😐
The animations look horrendous
Turn me up MARTIAL!!
The fact that Jon Jones has the tape around his toes in the game is crazy
They usumg Youtubers for community feedback like Undisputed did.
The Submission game seems way to OP. So all I gotta do is try and tap you out 3ish times and im almost 100% gonna get it? Thats lame. The old way the defender had a chance with the mini game of escaping. This new way seems to strong for the attacker.
Same movement and same striking as ufc 4
Martial made it big! LFGGGGG
Does anyone else think the torsos look weirdly long? The fighter models all look slightly disproportionate.
Do spinning elbows/backfist still rock 90% of the time and beat every other punch?  Is lead elbow rear elbow X5 combo still viable?  Will knee elbow spam still be effective?  Do spinning back kicks still hit from 10cm away in the pocket?  Can I still get free body damage spamming endless knees against the cage?
Es pls fix the body type changes during animations, it looks odd
Nice ps3 and xbox 360 graphics looks pretty clean
This looks the exact same as ufc 4 are you serious
Lol martial under an ea contract now, what a sell out
*Stand-up looks just like UFC 4*
How freaking amazing that they partnered with Martial for this!!! Let's go!!!
EA hire this man!!!!! 👏🏾👏🏾
Love the new submission system 🔥
But can we actually clinch and grapple tho?
Martial done made it babyyy 🥲❤️
Only Liking cause you got my man martialmind
This is the worst yet. Characters just gliding into range like they slid in on ice skates it’s so poor you can’t have micro adjustments to your movement worst simulation of a fight game possible along with slow telegraphed punches that aren’t even fluid and hotly animations this is just a bad game
Looks like ufc 4 with a couple updates
nice to see some extended gameplay, looks even worse than ufc 4😅
It reminds me nba2k in that it just looks like an update to the old game. It really feels like dlc for the games every year for sports games but I guess that's nothing new. Exclusive licenses and no competition I guess.
And that's just like the rosas fight he recently posted, when the opponent's stamina was low, but the mini game let the opponent get the advantage 16:19
man they still all move the same as eaufc4, same block, same slow punches. why is ufc undisputed 3 still more advanced than this, that game is like over a decade
Hope you can actually deny and defend submissions, 3 submission attempts and then its an instant tap? Makes it sound like something people would exploit and spam with nothing you could do to stop it. Hopefully you can defend all the sub attempts with skill if you know what you're doing.
Looks like the same game... just with new icons.  Instead of the screen turning red when a health event occurs.. now I get an icon.  Yawn.
Hello sir this is EK Darth. Can you tell us if they changed the way you block the takedown?  Rt and Lt is so bad. Pls tell us something
The lighting in the octagon is dream-like, dim, and just dark. I'm against that style of lighting because it isn't accurate.
Martial Mind the right guy for the job. Our boy did it!
This game going to piss off MMA-UFC fans off so much nobody will probably touch this game after it comes out😂
Clinch still looks ass lol like u gave us some toss animations and made it harder to clinch, but no viable other positioning that is so obviously needed like basic over and under hooks initiation more viable, like in real mma. Like gaddamit ufc undisputed 3 had these.. 🤦🏻‍♂️
Martial mad it big baby
he sound African and American at the same time
So 90% of the game is gonna be doctors stoppages and corny submissions
11:30 martial said to preform a spinning attack you have to press X and O, then he said to pair it with O. Does he mean press X and O then immediately press O?
Am I tripping or does he mean pressing the x and o button at the same time, cause that's not really possible
This is BIG, man. Congratulations to Martial Mind, well deserved
He’s always refused to admit the game is below average since he’s been a game changer. And now he’s totally sold his soul to EA. It’s sad, but money makes the world go round.
Why is martial mind hosting the video fakest guy
UFC 6 ! ⚠ we decided to remove the kicking because a lot of people complained that they were getting kicked a lot. Also now by pressing one button a series of kicks will be performed. Clinch is a thing of the past, it's very difficult. We have simplified the fight, now when you are knocked to the floor you can press X to stand up blocking all attacks or press Y to choke your opponent. We made the graphics even worse. Now it's not "like on a cell phone" in UFC5 now it's like on an 8-bit computer. When you start playing, you are given a faceless persona, to make him a personality, you have to buy it in our store, clothes, punches and other things you also have to buy from our store. Make a pre-order now and get one glove, half an hour of early access and immediately the first place in the rankings. The cost of pre-order 300 euros
30 seconds to recover from a broken nose got it
Why do they immediately look sunburnt when a submission is applied
These People At EA Are Horrible   We Need A New Team , This Is Absurd
And...What about knew elbow spammer?
Solo usaron a Martial Mind para describir los supuestos cambios y venderlos como algo super wow, pero más parece que solo le cambiaron el motor grafico al ufc 4, unos cuantos cambios que quieren vender como profundos, pero se ven superficiales. Ojalá me cierren la boca con la version final del juego, pero de momento me ha decepcionado.
EA doing Martial dirty by not linking his channel in the description
Game looks exact same
Ngl, this looks like "UFC 4 DLC"
Release date ?
Getting Martial to present the game was a fantastic idea. The man knows how to speak to an audience, is passionate on what he does and knows what he's talking about.
This looks like nba live
Martial mind is a melt and a sell out ea has brought him to push there dead game
F*cking finally a good ufc game! Thank you.
looking like ufc 4.5
This is the same game  this is lazy development EA had 3 years to give us something new what a let down
They picked Martial because the people trust him. I trust him. I hope this is a game that is worthy of that trust fro. EA and the Fans. Can't wait.
ufc 5 will be the best ufc ever made
SUGAAAAAA
This feels very shilly
Martial!!!!!!!
Should not have changed submissions 😐
Eyyy martial!!
Bald Conor? How how how how how. 😢
You know the game trash when everybody more happy for the guy exposing the video more than the actual gameplay 😂😂
Martial is the man! Had the pleasure of matching with him in UFC 4 one time and I took him to a decision but he won. Glad he’s getting a push from EA.
Jonny “Toe” Jones.   Cool little detail.
Im so proud of Henry!!
I'm so proud to see you at the top 🎉🎉 congrats
Atta Boy Martial! Moving on up baby!
UFC Undisputed was released in 2012 and still is a better game. Is incredible a game from 11 years ago is better at simulating UFC than a game make in 2023
That submission system looks amazing. I feel like it wouldn’t be too hard to deny the opponents escape, get the grapple advantage and quickly secure that sub.
The jab and cross are literally identical as UFC 4 and from fighter to fighter they look the same
There better be random 1 shot KOs
Ufc 3 submissions were perfect this new sub system sucks!
I didn’t even realize this was the ea channel till I came to the comments W martial
I don't think I've ever heard Martial Mind speak this slowly 😂
Happy for martial but the game looks the same
Is it possible, on the ground to strike as the fighter on the bottom and in all positions?
Very Nice
I found the movement of the fighters' legs too bizarre in these latest UFC games, the guys are doing quick jumps all the time and they seem to be sliding sometimes, both lightweights and heavyweights have the same mobility with their legs
Graphics are horrific
LESSGOOOOOHENRY!!!!
I had a strong feeling about it and i feel even better about it now. That gameplay we saw last time was weak asf because the people playing it were not very good. It looks clean as hell with actual good players playing
it feels like they're just having him talk a lot but not actually say much (no shade towards Martial cause he's required to say what they ask).  they've genuinely added very little to this sequel but what did we expect lmao
There should be an option to turn on or disable doctor stoppage
I'm very excited for the game, but why would you change the buttons for an uppercut and say "to make it easier for players" then have new two button combinations such as spinning attacks (which  defeats the purpose of the initial change). These changes genuinely don't make sense to me
I hope the new submission system is easier 😂😂 shoutout to martial mind with this  one
shilllllll
They had so long to make it good and changed the game slightly
Glad they got martial mind and not bums like the 1099 nerd or Pryoxis
my boy martial mind 😭
THEY STILL HAVE THAT STUPID CLINCH !! omg this is basically ufc 4.5
Hell yeah Martial mind is on here! Dude is super cool I have spoken with him so many times back in 2021
Wow, big ups Martial!
Can people still spam 1-2s at stupid speeds uninterrupted
Why does UFC 3 still have the best graphics?
Whens beta
Most of the striking still looks the same, the arm damage was adapted from one of their previous UFC games. I would love an updated ufc undisputed 3 game.
They put to much blood on the matt lmao
Martial mind the goat lol dats wassup
Looks clean & fluid
Im upset that there is no mini game to defend the choke , that's a big down fall for ppl who love striking
It’s cool martial was used in this and is being recognised but I honestly would’ve liked to hear his actual opinion on gameplay.  Fighters “new footwork” looks like they are on skates still.  “New straight” interrupts clinch, this happens on ufc 4.  Says throwing a strike moving backwards will interrupt clinch while showing footage of Conor backing up landing an uppercut having no affect on Khabib clinch as he still just gets it successfully.  The same stale no movement on the ground unless someone is transitioning.  Strike tracking in ufc 4 was awful if someone bobble headed it meant that body shots also missed and was affect so 80% of players did it when rocked so now we’ve made this more viable by making you even less vulnerable and decreasing the stamina it costs to do it rather than addressing the actual stamina issue of being able to throw Max Holloway real life numbers with Conor McGregor.  The new pivot hook looked good but the rest of the striking looks exactly the same.  A ufc 4 with new subs, pivot hook. Change of controls again. New damage system and some elbows on the ground from old ufc games. For a jump from old gen to new gen fighter models look virtually the same too, with the same preset selection of bodies they use every time they make a new version of the game
Am I the only one who thought this was actually a video on Martial Mind's channel until I looked down and realized it was actually EA's lmao
This looks like it was made about 2-3 years ago. My guess is that they waited for the PS5 to drop them so more waiting and then decided to drop the game
I’m so happy that you can now elbow a grounded opponent.
Ground and pound animation looks bad
Yessss martial
striking looks exaclty like ufc 4 weightless
This game is cheeks. Exactly the same as ufc 4
lol knew this dude sold out, he saying whatever they want him to say, he has no opinion now.
Saying they put new features when they are in the old game hate when games do this I'm calling it now this games is trash
UFC buys everything and everybody. They just buy people, licenses, people, reviews, opinions, hype. Everything. If they could buy the Moon, they would buy that too and license it so if anyone want to go to the moon, they have to buy the Moon DLC.
Honestly disgusting seeing these guys talk about the game like they made all these improvements when they know better than us they’re reselling the same game smh.
Some animations still look a bit janky and sluggish like 4:15 and 9:01 etc, if they fix those things it'll be such an epic game for years to come..
Woahh!! Good to See you on the other side.
Thr Dr stoppages are almost pointless think about it how often in mma do u see actual Dr stoppage??? Literally almost NEVER them adding it I guarantee you will be annoying.
some of the same block grappling animations from ufc 3 lool
let's go Martial! Doing big things my guy 💪🏼💪🏼
Let's go Martial Mind!
Really wish there was literally anybody here talking about the game itself instead of slobbering all over Martial being in the trailer
LETS GO MARTIAL
not sure about making head movement better and DECREASING vulnerability during, i found in ufc4 the fact that it was so danger led me to only use it a crucial points or when i was sure of the other players game plan
Now I see why he didn’t want to say anything bad about the game
Look mom ! Ufc 4 with updates
NO FUCKING WAY HENRY!!!
Oh shiett thought I was n Martials channel. lol Sick!
man we only watch this cuz of martial, give him the channel and be quiet
Seems like the clinch is still broken and too strongly favors the fighter initiating it. UFC 3 still top tier in terms of usability of the clinch for BOTH fighters.   Just because the opponent grabbed the back of my head, that shouldn't mean I'm not allowed to shoot a takedown or move to a clinch position that's more favorable to me.
Ah so this is why he was so soft on the gameplay reveal trailer. These changes do not justify a 3 year wait and a $70 entry level price tag.
Well, EA, thank you for putting my man martial on the video, but the game still looks trash.
Omg this is just a full priced next gen update 💀
So happy to see you doing this Martial 😭😭
Remove grapple advantage por ground n pound
UFC 4.2
Major weak sauce
MY BOY MARTIAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I think ima get this but I need to see what that career mode looks like🔥🔥
11:16 this would be ok if did not proceed to say, Uppercut is still 2 button inputs. R1 and punch button, spinning attacks are now inputted just like the UFC 4 Uppercut was. A little bit shill like, kind of stating what he doesn't like on his own channel but here he is polishing over it all with praise. And may have already played the beta before uploading the trailer, first look commentary.
Martial mind can’t even save this game
They really gave us ufc 4 just with a next gen performance upgrade
Happy for my dawg Martial Mind … buh EA STILL got the bodies of the fighters WRONG !!! Brian Ortega is WAAAAY too wide 🤦🏻‍♂️
Nice unlike that fat dude who only wanna bash the game
Basically a next gen UFC 4 with a few new animations and doctor stoppages lol
No way they got martial for this one!
Has takedown defence been improved?
Gameplay looks beautiful
I can't friggn wait
Bro hyped up dog water and he knows it 😂
Alex Periera in gameplay doesn't even move like him.    More reason not to buy this game. 95% of the fighters will have a generic movement.
Can i finally use Stephen Thompson accurately? 🙄
11:25 dawg that's still pressing two buttons at the same time
I’m trying to be positive but it just doesn’t look different to UFC 4
He’s just describing what happens when you fight in real life and get damaged 😅
I was literally abusing headmovement against spammers. W this information I am literally going to be unstoppable hahahaha thanks for turning my fear into a sense of joy lol I thought it was gonna get nerfed it was op already
You know the game looks trash when everyone in the comments is talking about Martial rather then the gameplay itself
Game looks cool but THE GRAPHICS ARE FUCKING ASS EA WTF. How are we regressing? Super fucking disappointing
brooooo the submission system is acc good
Bro said you shouldn’t get in a clinch when you throw a straight… like are any of these devs a fan of combat?? This game looks ass man I was really hope it for a change besides 4k 60fps
W Martial
Ground and pound punches look terrible. Elbows look good
LOL! EA still using the same model for Stipe Miocic. Update him, Dude!
💯🫵🏽😎☝🏽
LETS GO HENRY 🔥🔥🔥
Yall went in on this one!! 4 was such a miss. This is where we should be at
Martial!!!!! He how good!
So the new damage system is actually the same health events we have always had with a different name
Martial !!!!!!!!! 🐐
YOU SAIDBLOW KICKS LOOK “BEAUTIFUL” like cmon man don’t lie like that you sound pretty educated, those kicks look legit?? 😂
Sooooo is there a way to get out of a submission now?
So it's ufc 4 all over again
Ea is so good at paying ppl to hype their games lmfao.  Every comment is about martial 😂 the game looks just like ufc 4 wtf are u ppl smoking?
Subs are gonna be cheesy asf
Will there be an option to have same controls for striking as in old games? It will be hard to adapt to whole new controls, like uppercuts etc
Anyone else worried about the controls changing up again? Idk how I feel about the right bumper plus square or triangle for the uppercut now.
Basically a ufc 4 remake with a couple of realistic features
Bro's been bought out
You finally listened UFC is great again
I'm so disappointed in this..... it looks just like ufc 4 with small tweaks.... reminds me of every single other EA sports game. I'll pass
UFC Undisputed 3 and EA MMA are the 2 greatest MMA games ever made. This EA UFC series is a joke. Look at the animations, sad! Looks identical to 4 with just new icons lmao.
I’m buying it
Thats fucking sick lets go martial
MARTIALLLLL MINDDDDD
Now that he´s being paid, we can't trust him anymore on any opinion about the game. But good for him, money is all that matters, congratulations.
No mini games for subs attempts is crazy lol oh lord get ready for the grappling gorillas boys.
Brian Ortega is a fucking heavy weigh now???
I wanted to be positive about this game, but it literally looks just almost identical to UFC 4 in gameplay and and animations
big ups on martial
Better be able to make Baki and Yujiro Hanma in the Fighter Creator.
Martial Mind! Yoooo
Why do the graphics look so bad ? Like they don’t even look realistic it looks so cartoonish
EA.... Ufc 5 looks like 4.
If Pry and Martial were together as part of EA, they would make a world of difference as they speak for the community
Aye ppl were trippin this breakdown makes the game look like it's gunna be good im excited to try it out great breakdown martial
Wait....WTF!!!!????? Im proud of YOU BRO!!!!
But is it better than undisputed 3
My full honesty this game looks mid sadly
They bought Martial. Can’t trust his word now. They clearly copy & pasted UFC 4!
Not that well versed with jiu jitsu but I think 20:25 hes saying a twister submission/ position is present
lmao I remember this guy playing ufc 2 with like 10k subscribers. He deserves this and more, he carried this games the whole time lets go
Game looks garbage except for the damage. u can only throw one elbow at a time on the ground before having to reposture up
Yay, Martial!
Idk it seems like submissions are gonna be cheesy like the new age clinch lol but we’ll see when it comes out Edit: accidentally said grappling instead of clinch
So after getting hurt, run away for 30 seconds? That won’t be hard for most of the people that play UFC 4 and run away the whole time regardless.
Yessirrr martialll!!!!
Will fighters have unique animations? Sean Strickland"s Philly style for example. Or the same copy and paste animations dating back to UFC 3? If I were a betting man, I would predict Ali, Tyson and Fedor will be just glorified skins. No peek a boo style, no Ali shuffle or footwork.   There's been no mention of this in any promo material, so Id say to going to be copy and paste.
I'm more impressed and happy that martial has made it this big than the actual game itself. The game looks almost identical to UFC 4. Congrats Martial 🎉
So submissions are OP.
Game looks terrible.
MARTIAL MIND LETSGOOOO
Let’s GO MARTIAL MIND!!!!
But where are the herb dean slides and break ups the showed us in the trailer? This looks a lot like ufc4
That’s one of my Goat 🐐💯💥 let’s go Martial !!!
Параша UFC 4
UFC 4.5
Bout time bring back the stuff we want
Martial Mind is a 🤡
so ufc 5 just buffing me to the max💀
This game really is just ufc 4.5..so disappointing. 3 years man
It’s just UFC 4 with some slider tweaks, a few new moves and a new sub system.
The fact the career mode doesnt have actuall promos and interviews faceoffs weigh in no weight cut. Shits so fucking lame. Ea is so fucking lazy
This UFC 4.5 looks nice
Give us more venues and franchise mode
Pretty sure most of this can be done with a patch to ufc 4.
graphics look exactly like ufc 4
Lol so even submission specialists are rarely going to get a 1 try sub, got it
They’re not gonna let me pick my weight class are they😂
simplified stand-up fights simplified parterre fights ! fools... i have no words
Excellent 😊
The control changes sound unnecessarily confusing
we so proud of him
This game is actually horrid, just made for noobs ya know some people actually like competitive grappling
The defensive improvements are much needed. Hopefully this means there’s a less “cheesy” striking meta
This is how reviews should be done. Get someone who plays it and knows it well to break it down for everyone else.
Games so good they FORCE you to play certain weight classes
Horrible game, ufc 4.5 should be the name
martial minddddddddd
It’s the exact same animations wtf
If there’s anyone I trust it’s Martial. Super excited for this game. Will take me a while to get used to the new controls after playing UFC 4 for so long but maybe that’s one con compared to the hundred other pros about this game :)
Run away jab  jab about to be a big thing in this game
Not this annoying dude 🤦‍♂️
Oh no. Now martial isn’t gonna speak when needed when the game is bad. They’ve got him lads
What about signature defense like Sean’s Philly or Dustin’s Philly?
So no flash knockouts?
The gameplay looks worse 😭😭
Martial mind made it🙏
Any comments on the gameplay instead of praising martial lmao
I hate how they keep dumbing down the controls. The casual gamer isnt going to pick this game up. In a year the game will only be played by sweats. Around 10k people will be on. Then when the game hits the free game of the month it'll jump to 15k for a week. The game should be rewarding players who actually take the time to be good.
Everybody used to get mad and tell me I'm dancing around the cage in ufc4 but wait till they see my footwork in ufc5 😂 I can already hear the whiners
The striking looks so choppy like the animations dont match together at all
Bro I love you !!! Thank you for this video I can’t wait to get some ideas from watching your gameplay 😈
They still didn't remove the problem I had with ufc 4 if you posture up on the ground and pound and start throwing bombs WHY is it that if my little bar at the top color goes out the opponent automatically pulls me into closed guard? I could be khabib fighting a scrub caf with zero wrestling, and he would still be able to pull me down it makes zero sense and should be removed. It wasn't in 1,2, or 3, and I liked those games, but it's back in this, and it sucks.
This is just ufc 4 with shitty graphics bruh
Why do the graphics look so bad??
Why tf did they keep that trash striking though,  shoulda brought back ufc 2 striking and made it better
Can’t wait to ruin everyone’s day online with Ben Askren and Ground and Pound 😂
It will be in Game Pass in 3 weeks😂like 4
I would say the same things if they paid me too 😂😭
Many camera options.. please. Especially a static cam.
Get rowdy savage on here to beat martial up again lmaoooo
Yo where is the beta at ????
This is a great look for Martial. Super happy for him
They didn't fix the main thing. Elongated bodies and short legs are still there.
Finally they got my boi martial in the mix
EA is the master of never changing player models or animations for 10+ years lmaoo unreal. Same longback no knee bending goofy characters 🤣
They are bringing back Fight Night Round mechanics and i love it.
THIS LOOKS SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE LAST ONE THEY SHOWED 😭😭
everything looking cool and all except the graphics
Bro tis the same game with more blood and better subs
So proud of you @MartialMind following you since day 1! Excellent dude!
Why they didn't really revamp the clinch or gg is beyond me, yet another ea copy paste and no Im not just hating because Ea. This game looks stiff.
BIGGEST NEGATIVES:  -Those button maps for uppercuts and spinning attacks are just worse then before...same but even worse -Seamless submissions....where do i even start...that will brake the game, trust...i wish they went back to undisputed 3 for the ground game, but this...i dont like it at all  Other then that, fine i guess for a ufc fan like me.
Crazy bro. Wonder how many chodes Martial had to suck off in that EA boardroom to get an early look at the game
Martial my man . I started watchin him with 10 k subs and became the best in my friendgroup in the game . I stopped playing ufc since 4 . I hate the movement in 3 and 4 . 5 has the same but we will see .
Bruh WTF Martial you made it so proud to see how far you’ve came 🫡💪🏾
The characters all still have such blocky, squared out shoulders
So happy for Martial man’s deserves it ❤️💯💪🏽
Sell out
Let’s see some knockouts.
Bro sold out
3:29 I’m not trusting anyone who say Kimora like that
its literally UFC 4 on Frostbite lol Same animations, same strikes and kicks. It took 3 years to just copy the whole game and add cuts? Shame on EA
so no over under or any transmissions in the clinch? whack.
How y'all going to say this game is trash even though you guys didn't even play it
I hope you can't just spam elbows to cut someone and stop the fight
Happy for Martial, but this looks like hot garbage. The graphics have gotten significantly worse and the animations are identical to UFC 4, this looks like it should be a damage overhaul mod that you can pay for and download as a DLC.
lozer !!!
Or did you fix the matches when fighters just start backing up to the opposite ends of the cage? And don’t stop?
Can we get KO’s from up kicks and slams when their head health is low enough?
Hope this isn’t scripted
This game looks like trash everyone is going to feel ripped off AGAIN
Hey so did you fix online matches that get stuck cause you press A or X to skip the forced emotes when the ref asks if you’re ready!!?
Literally going through a mean ass depression rn and seeing martial minds on a official ufc video made me smile big asf mans really out here gettin to it💯
I hope we can reverse position from clinch against the cage, and some more transitions since it's a very important aspect for chain wrestling
Common Martial W
These new attack controls dont seem good to me tbh
This game is beautiful🥺
AYEEEE This is awesome to see congrats martial!
Ayeeee martial mind made it!!! 💯😭🔥
they need to raise Conors shorts about 12-14 inches lol it looks soo off that he has his tight shorts down to his knees lol
Omg martial mind! Congratulations you finally getting the recognition you deserve! Love to see it
Footwork looks exactly the same except faster and more arcade, I think people wanted a more realistic representation of footwork like in undisputed where you actually have your own footwork an not gaethje an khamzat being copy pasted with the same stance/footwork
Martial was the perfect person for this role.
Is there a better replay system tho?
And no pc support smh...
🤖 bots everywhere?
Same takedown animation, same ground transition animations, same striking animations. Just better lighting. Im very dissapointed
Those clowns at ea didn’t even @martial in the description
Wagwan fi the lighting mannnn kmt
That's for asking good questions. What about cage work and ground near cage?
martial the goat
They just need to steal the ground game from undisputed 3 and build on that
Oh man am I proud of martial bro... he's made it far
Dr approves cut bleeding into the eye Dr stops fight for a cut on the cheek  Yep easy definitely done it again smh
They chose a great representation for the UFC gaming community.
Hey yeah man! UFC 4.5!!!! Let's gooooooooooooo
Hell yeah hype
These graphics do not look next gen, ufc 2,3 had better graphics
Martina Mind is a mindful and smart choice- congrats to EA and Martial Mind🎉
Soooo cool to see Martial Mind representing the players!!! Always loved his channel, very informative presentation
I’m only 9 mins in but it sounds like a lot of “buffs” have been implemented. In other words, they just released an update for ufc 4 and are selling it has ufc 5, “a brand new game” what a fuckin joke ea haha
Those strikes still look like rock em sock em robots
3 years just copy and pasting the things in the frostbyte... wow.
Glad they are fixing the head movement etc.
how do you spend three years changing the smallest things? There aren't more then 10 new animations and still only ONE cage position?? the amount of effort put in is just so low. this game could have been something with next gen too, sucks that EA is just money hungry
launch for pc plz
dont think we saw a single knockout which tells me they have the same ragdoll animations from ufc 4
Martial getting the bag I see
Lets go martial
Wouldn’t having the sub health go down slowly while in a sub make more sense, and you can try escape with the ground controls, maybe it could go down faster once sub is locked. Would just need a time limit on how long you can hold subs for
Remember folks, UFC Undisputed 3 had the majority of these "new" features more than ten years ago. Bow down to the King! Very happy with how UFC 5 is turning out.
They better not over due this doctor stoppage shi
Martial mind got that bag 💰💰💰
Love the attention to detail on Jones lol, including the wrap he had around his toes when fighting Gane.
Wish shoulder roll animation was implemented
I just don’t understand why this game can’t be on PC🤦🏽‍♂️😤
What da hell bro
Martial mhen 😊
Shout out MarSHILL
dam how many times is homie gonna say “icon”😂
They should have the ref actually set in like not just let him finish the fight every time
The way Kamaru Usman turns red during the armbar at 17:03 is ... special.
Lol ufc 4 with cuts
Cool story … but why’s Charles got green hair ?
So herb dean is still the same😂
The submissions and most of the animations look re used and the same for every fighter 🤨
17:35  THE REFEREE IS WORKING💩🤡
PC version, please.
Martial been grinding for years
Should do cross between weight classes @ufc
I have to be the only one to say this but I really like how this game looks the submission and graphics loom very incredible
Happy to see Martial Mind getting deserved attention, and I'm optimistic about some of the changes, but this looks like UFC 4.5
So... it's UFC 4.5
This is obviously a lazy repackaging of ufc 3 and 4... it looks the exact same as ufc 4.. the animations, the mechanics and foot work is just a copy and paste... the whole thing was copy and paste..
💩
Martial is the goat
did he sell out? thats my boi
lol this basically UFC 4 updated why does the striking and character models still look exactly like UFC 4 animations and all and this suppose to be only for next gen
I think the game looks fye, looks far better than 4 visually.
Why is brain ortega and jiri so thick on the chest and stomach
This is crazy
Omg martial mind is big time yoooooo
The spin attack requires me to press 3 face buttons?
The man the myth the legend martial 🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
Let’s go Martial! Awesome to see this.  Well Deserved!. My man Martial moving up in the world .
OH SO WELL ITS BASED OFF COUNTERING
Martial!!!🫡
showed us everything but the knockouts💀
I’m hyped to play ufc5 I pre ordered already
Whats that for a weird name martial mind ? 😂 I hope that's just a artist name
“Brand new animations for punches” shows the same overhand from UFC 3 and 4. Not even trying to hide it. This is still UFC 4
Maybe I just need to play it to understand it, but this new submission system does not make sense to me
So EA reskinned UFC 3 with an updated layout and some dumb features. Great! I loved UFC 3 so I guess this is cool
Submission system scares me not gonna lie EA is too inconsistent and incompetent to make something not broken so we will see
Where is the Hammer fist?
hopefully he not under that NDA
Big w
I'm gonna sub everyone 💀
So no clinch denial buttons like in UFC 3?  I don't understand why this was ever taken away and it leads to so much online cheese.
But im guessing you still have to hold LT+LB to do body hooks. It is stupid and i never throw them because im not gonna use my 🖕
Flash KO's are going to be rare in this game 😭😭😭
Braindead idiots who think this bloke isn't being paid to give good reviews when he has given justified criticism in the past.   Embarrassing.
How the fuxk do I hit x [] o at the same time ?
💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
I like it for now it’s bit more realistic
Martial did it🎉
Ayyyyyeeee martial! Congrats man you deserve it
So happy for our boy martial!
Take a shot everytime my man Martial says "Icon" 😁
W martial mind🔥🔥
Animations still like robotic, looks like you still have to beat someone to death just to get a KO, some fighters look awful like why is jiris body type so huge?! Conor looks like Gustafson and it still looks like rockem sockem robots arcade type fighter like tekken rather than a simulation. Game is gonna suck.
and do you want $100 for it? go to hell with EA
Dis relationship wit ea no doubt Romero had a hand in what a good friend 😊
Why does Jones have a big as hip
Martial is on the EA payroll now. There's no way he can be open and honest with his opinions.
Samo old game 🤷🏻‍♂️😤
I just wanna know how Bruce Lee will perform. I hope he’s good in this one! UFC 4 served him no justice unlike UFC 2 did.
The ground and pound looks nice but it looks like the posture up still has a time limit to it I hope not
love to see my man martial doing well
Why show UFC 4 again? UFC 5 when will it be released??
Martial Mind is Going to be in UFC 5 as a fighter character.
Looks a lot faster than the 4
Martialllll!!!!! Let’s goooo
WTF EA
Bro WTF martial moving up in the world boiiii myyyyy nigga!
This game is basically just how ufc 4 should have been. just looks like an update
The new turning controls concern me alot and the fact that the stamina drainage has been de buffed biggest problem with 4 is that cheesers pick fighters with high stamina and spam combos.
Martial done came up. Imagine if they use other UFC gamers for in other deep dives.
Recycled trash same game dummies
So same knockout animations…?
W martial
The fact that martial is here gives me so much hope for the game
I'm not so sure about this submission system
WHERE ARE RAGDOLL KOs
HYYYPEED
Man shame the animations look the same
Ufc 4.5
ayoooo Martial Mind !! what a dope collab👌🏾
now we just gotta wait for him to Actually talk about the game on his channel lol
It's basically UFC 4 with Frostbite engine then? This is disappointing.  Also, Martial is absolutely reading off a script.
They havent shown a Single KO KO animation smfh
Why is the rocked moment still there
The knockouts should’ve been ragdoll based. The knockouts are so repetitive and idk why that isn’t being confronted by anyone covering the game.
Снова в ЮФС 4 играть? ЮФС 5 где ???
pretty much the same game and still not on pc cool
Good additions but the fluidity and general look of the game is way off and still trash. Don’t think I’ll be buying this one unless they have a crazy career mode lined up
Martial so sly - made a reaction video when he ends up knowing the full details haha
The left hook counter made me want the game ngl
Seems Very.. ICON-ic 😏
The face scans just looks so bad to me. Am I the only one that thinks that ?
Gameplay looks much better than anticipated. Seamless looks like a ton of fun, although what is to stop a player from spamming submissions over and over until the defensive players stamina is drained? Also, old Dominic Reyes model is back??
Let’s goooo martial, we love to see you winnin
MARTIAAAAAALLLL
Congratulations martial, but this looks like a Fuckin mobile game
Basically the same as UFC 4. Typical rehashed shite from EA.
MARTIAL MIND! LETS GO HENRY!
AYE MARTIAL
Classic EA man y’all really took this long to add icons
Game looks trash. They could’ve just updated ufc 4😂 what a money grab but no suprise
Petr yan new stance looks weird
Do u still have to knock your opponent down like 5 times before u get a KO
Bro theirs no way people are actually buying this game😂.  It’s LITERALLY UFC 4.
So this is why he couldn’t say anything bad 😂
So this is why he didn’t wanna bad mouth in the trailer reaction lol
Hope they fixed the knockout animations. UFC 3 and 4s KO animations took me out of the experience so much so I stopped playing them
@MartialMind way to go. Hope you are completely right about the upgrades.
On PC also?
doesnt come to pc?
Графика конечно пздц… Поезд ушёл не дождавшись ea😂   Механика с дыханием круто,реально круто)
noo way martial
1 new system of submishens, 2 small chips with a doctor and damage = new game that has been waiting for 3 year. Thanks EA
Upset it looks same as ufc 4 only with little changes
The updated teeps look fantastic!
But does it have atrocious judging???
❤❤❤
In ufc undisputed the ability to run towards your opponent and instant ko was gold.
Everyones crying about martial mind, here cry in the year bucket
•Gamplay looks the same as ufc 4 •Submissions been ruined •fighters look less like themselves than before For the first time I'm not planning on buying the ufc game, EA have killed it
No way. I seen an elbow paired with an uppercut… smells like cancer
Huge W for martial and his fans(including me💪🏻🔥)
Nothing has impressed me here
Game not that bad stop complaining
Are these recycled strikes?
game looks mid af
So an upper cut before had to use two buttons....now it uses..... two buttons....game changing 😂
Why are all the fighters the same height?
A few new animations have been added I like how the facial structure moves after a headshot and the damage is a good touch reminds of me of Fight Night Champion. But the gameplay is basically the same. I will still play the game though 😂
No career mode ?
Good stuff martial. Now we need Pry on one of these
Just add the ability to parry certain punches already..
MARTIAL!
First of all what up martial second of all this sub system worries me
Nailed it, Martial. Great job.
They even got Jon Jones taped toes
graphics look like their on 360
The animations are so janky
the game looks promising now. we need to see the KO animations tho
I just hope it is a young roster full of newer fighters and less Sam alvys
So a penalty just resets at every round? Thats whack asf. If you have ever watched a fight you know that cuts might look better at the start of the round, but if they get reopened they are even worse
looks like those square goombas
We need ufc 5 in pc
Knee Elbow spam better be completely gone in UFC 5.
It still looks clunky. 💀
All we ever wanted was fight night champion level of movement and striking with undisputed 3 grappling and ground and pound. I just want to be able  to mix my striking with quick and explosive takedowns with brutal ground and pound like prime Cain Velasquez in UFC 3 undisputed. Instead we get the slow and disjointed separations of the different areas of gameplay. With goofy jabs, uppercuts and straight punches.
looks great to me, lets go martial too
This video with martial actually proved a lot of people wrong saying it was just a better looking UFC 4 and actually got me a lot more excited for this game
Imma be honest the stand up looks way better in the gameplay breakdown, im definitely looking forward to this game now
Martial mind getting paid the buck bucks now
All I want to know is that do you still have to knock down opponents again again until you get the finish i hate it personally because i start to get irritated and not care then they knock me out magically
Martial Mind? I had to double check and make sure I wasn’t on the wrong channel😂😂
what a disgrace! The animation doesn't change from year to year!
This sold me even less on the game. This could easily have been an update for UFC 4.
Big up martial ❤
The clinch is the same as UFC 4 lol very disappointing that you can't deny them escaping so easily.
Only that i need is good ragdoll, unfortunately i don't see have them or not 😢
martial mind sucks of izzy
I feel stupid I spent 10 minutes trying to find the original deep dive video just to realize that this is it lol Congratulations bro you OFFICIAL 😊
Martial Mind doesn't know anything about grappling. This scares me
The stuttering of combat is god awful. It’s like these guys didn’t even play it
👀🔥🔥 looks good man 💪🏼
The striking is exactly the same. Cannot be excited for that.. need something loose and new every time
I hope there's a classic button mode
Horrible. You can tell. 3 years. Why does fc 24 look better? Going to get my money back.
THIS GAME LOOKS EXACTLY THE  SAME
Cancel pre-orders just so that the ea office understands something
id actually play these if they were smart enough to release to pc
Why do the graphics look so bad
Martial Mind was all about how ass UFC 4 was and here he is shilling for this trash. It looks the SAME as UFC4.  Unreal
Wow our boy martial made it big
The video may impress new players but not the old ones... I've had all 4 UFC games from EA + EA MMA and all 3 UFC games from THQ, I definitely won't pre-order UFC 5
Must have been a good pay check for Martial Mind to sell out. Just looks like UFC 4 with some new doctor stoppages and cuts and bruises 😂 hopefully lots of new fighters but
LFG! Martial Mind 💪🏼
The new submission mechanics could be solid...or Hella OP
For EA to sell this as a new game is not cool at all.its just a better version of UFC 4 it's not a new game just some tweeks and adjustments.should not be sold as a price as new game it's a scam.
Spinning attacks with xo together how the hell thats dumb
Props to MM, but man, this just made the game feel even more underwhelming. A lot of excitement for what seems like marginal changes to what needed an overhaul. The clinch still looks the same and mostly horrible. No cage crawl from seated position? After 3 years? Yikes.
Martial mind cool to see him on the ufc 5 trailer can’t wait for the game 💯
HOLY W MARTIAL
Same mechanics😴😴
Hey Martial, would love to see you spotlight Jim Miller in this game.
I bet he won’t ever Down talk this game. Lmao boy stay kissing ass
Ill never understand why they got rid of striking with the sticks. I miss the fight night style of striking like they had in EA MMA.
Proud for martial sad for free speech
Lessshhgggoooo marrttiiaaallll
Doctor stopp is going to be a bullcrap
What about clean/realistic knockouts and knockdowns?
Well deserved martial
Pointless little tweaks thrown on top of the same old gameplay. EA ruin everything
Martial minds is more of a topic then this shitty game 😂
Thank you EA for bringing Martial Mind in to explain everything that’s new in UFC. I love watching his videos, and he’s very smart, intelligent, he knows what he’s looking at, and he does MMA whether it be Muay Thai, Jiu-Jitsu, etc.
W martial ❤️
EA programmers should learn how to make a human being's feet stable on the floor. They all look like they are on skate rollers. We see this on FIFA and now it's on the UFC game.
Ill probably wait till it go on sale or I'll play it on EA play I'm not in a rush to play this cause ea always hype they sports games  for a quick cash grab I'm glad martial was ft on the video at least you good  for something EA
"Hey Guys, So today, We have EA Sports UFC 4, Entirely ported to a new engine as a direct copy paste, with minor patches to stats, at full retail price! Thank you for your $70!" Is basically all I got from this video :/
Not this is ufc 4
I’m just upset that the clinch controls seem the exact same 🤦‍♂️
Martial did great, man is a natural.
I don't like how the cut and blood is just everywhere instantly instead of bleeding
My man martial making it biggg
Gameplay looks EXACTLY the same as ufc4... and valentina looks nothing like her!
ufc 4.5
Submissions based on stamina can be a problem and sounds broken already 🤦‍♂️
the times my man’s said icon…
UFC4 +💩= UFC 5🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Im keeping ufc 4
Same old EA trash
Martial is the goat
I love this video. Amazing work, full props to all the team at EA 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
Fck yeah martial fck yeah man
I knew it
This brother is probably making more money than some UFC fighters now💀
Does every fighter get champion shorts option
💩💩💩💩💩💩
Sellout
Half these comments are as cheesy as the career mode socials 🤣🤣
Yeah Marshall!!!
Idk, it might just be me but if you'd the striking fluidity of ufc4 with the graphics & and grappling of Ufc3 then add the extra components . Although the new game looks good visually 3 looks better . Hopefully they change  certain striking animations I hate Jab & Straight #2😂
They definitely paid him to give us extra spice
EA's  choice to have Martial Mind commenting on UFC 5's new gameplay features is easily the best executive decision they've made in decades.
W Martial in the chat
So they didnt change clinching much only how to defend it
We need to get points on ranked even when your opponent dnfs.
Lets goooo Martial ‼️‼️💪🏾
Looks better than what I was expecting but I still need to know if there’s elbows from more positions, and also “flash” kos for perfect timed/incorrect head movements strikes. Also if uppercuts are replacing overhands, how do you throw overhands.. Just go back to undisputed 3 controls lol  Also they either completely fucked subs or made it amazing. We’ll see
Sold our like a mf
Fix Max
Before, each UFC game used to have huge changes to the overall feel and gameplay. UFC, UFC 2, UFC 3, UFC 4, all look and play completely different. But, UFC 5 looks almost exactly like UFC 4, but with a few minor changes.
They really have a ea ufc channel lmao bring back fight night lmao 😂😂
LFG Martial!!
UFC 4 = UFC 5
Submissions are going to be BROKEN! I kinda wish they went back to the stick spinning submission system: whoever spins the stick fastest wins.
On pc  available؟
Man I remember when martial had like 7k subscribers......and now we here! Proud of u bro. Almost shed a tear of joy for u this is awesome.
This is a cpy / paste game, DO NOT BUY !!!!!
Look at martial man so inspirational
Congratz martial mind ! Now we need you as commentator in DLC !
5:09 bisping's footwork is accurate. there are flat-footed fighters and I like that
MarShill Mind
Man, nothing on career mode?
Looks like the same game.
dont know what planet this fella is on, its literally the exact same game, undisputed ufc massively better and that was years ago
Is this going to be available 4 pc
I know it’s probably beta and stuff but this game looks worse than UFC 4😅 BIG UP THE BOY MARTIAL MIND THO!!💜
Martial 🤯🤯
I wanna know about online modes mainly is there still an ultimate team?
nah bro they smart ash
The graphics have become worse UFC 2 I don’t understand what the problem was with releasing this.... and on older generation consoles  P.S. There was no revolution
I'm over here wanting a new fight night...  Congratulations Martial..
All these fucking bots commenting. Bro the movement is the same as ufc 4. Martial mind must of got paid a lot from this.
NO WAY
Is event mode fixed with the entrances
Actually looks good
Fighter uniqueness?
gotta turn off those icons in settings
Applaud them making some changes... although can't help but feel its going to be a game where every fight is rocking your opponent 7 times in one round, the AI never truly loses stamina, and the striking seems really awkward. I was always a UFC Undisputed 3 fan so slightly biased, but it just looks like more of the same.
All these minutes and we doesn't see one single KO.. not a good sign
we will know how serious UFC 5 is very quickly....after one round house kick to the jaw....if the fighter is standing , this game aint serious.
The game looks hella caca compared to 4, stiff combos kinda like a mix of 3 with 4 but somehow looks like a downgrade compared to 4, come on now 🤨
Could NOT be happier for Martial. You made it my guy
I’m so happy for @martialmind I’ve been watching him since ea 1 or 2
ufc4 with 10% better graphics, wow
UFC 4 with mods lol
Trash EA sports game as per usual.
0:53 why does Yair look like a heavyweight?
This has given me a lot more hope for the new game. Big up Martial as well
The game is so authentic that you can't grapple against the cage. That probably happens in 8-9 outta 10 fights in some form. We had it in 3, you scrapped it in 4 and you cut and paste 4's clinch into 5. Excuse: "alot of people didn't like getting stuck against the cage." OK, So escape! I don't like getting full mounted. I think you should take that outta the game because I hate being stuck there. Ridiculous.
Woww
I feel like this game got too much focus on grappling rather than the striking.. it honestly feels a lot like UFC 4 with slightly better graphics.
Congrats martial! Can't wait to face you this year! Great vid as always 🎉🎉🎉
The game looks good to me looks fluid for all styles
Why does the ko replay look next gen and better then the gameplay definitely ufc 4.5
Martial!!!!!
LFG MARTIAL!
Yall just wanna hate on this game so badly. Its unreal. The game looks fine
Need more Info on clinching
I’m gonna be honest it looks like the same game just a couple things added
Y’all notice that Dan hooker model?
Glad to see Martial Mind on here but why tf does this look exactly like UFC 4???
Before I even watch the video I'll say this, one thing UFC 5 needs is some sort of effect that makes the hits seem more impactful, when I'm putting the work on somebody in the corner I wanna feel it in my controller, makes the knockouts more intense
I think I'm one of the few who likes what he's seeing and is genuinely looking forward to the game lol
MARTIAL MIND ???? MY MANNNN😂😂😂💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽
Let’s gooo I’m so pumped
Cant even call bruh a shill anymore, hes a straight employee.
Useless 21 minutes. Huge disappointment
Ain’t no way this man made it big time hell yeah bro watched him for so long now
An uppercut is still 2 buttons lol
Clinch copy paste, no clinch deny, submission even more simplified, few new animations after 3 years since UFC 4. This is literally UFC 4, Undisputed 3 is still undisputed when it comes to clinch/grappling
looks like update with dlc...
you call this new game? its just copy paste from UFC 4, what a joke.
i wonder what happens to nate diaz players when he gets cut off the first jab lol
nice to see martialmind here!
NERF ELBOW AND KNEE SPAMMERS NO IQ PLAYERS.
WHEN IS UFC COMING TO PC?
He getting paid from ea to say good things about the game omg its ass bro prioxis tells the truth about this shitty game
MARTIAL 💯💯💯 BIG TIME 🔔
Let’s go Martial
This is not ufc 5. This is ufc 4.5
Gameplay looks mad choppy
People were saying ufc 3.5.5 but clearly the devs have put a lot of work and the game looks great. I’m happy with all the changes especially the defensive ones in striking.
Looks good
Ayyyy my man martial ok he made it big!
Yoooo Martial Mind! My guy got a big break! Congrats brother 🎉
So UFC5 is what should've been a patch for UFC4, but it costs $60, cool.
Is he not just reading an EA script
Well done Martial Mind. This was much better than what they've explained so far.  Would be nice to have had a lot more varied animations of all the basic strikes & gutted to see they've still got the 50/50 GnP from UFC 4, but most other things are looking promising.
Copy and paste of ufc4 lol
Subs and lunging around like a fish are going to be the Meta. Going to be lame asf.
UFC 4.5 😂 looks the same
Still Robotic and Stiff EA Take an example of ESBC
Yikes the “footwork” clip looked horrible, remember when they used to tout about how models feet would be planted and it wouldn’t look like they’re sliding when moving?
Martial Mind moving up in the world
I’m walking away more excited than I have been in a while for this game. Thanks for the awesome video Martial!
Big up Martial Mind!!
Took em 3yrs to add only doctor stoppage lol and the rest are same . I was expecting the striking would be better 😢
Game looks really good
Martial mind the GOAT 🐐
this looks amazing and good.
Can't wait to ply this game..but the trunks of izzy nd alex is lttle but longer thn the real one🤨
Looks shite
People stop crying
Ufc 4.5 this is trash
Don’t respect it how you go from disappointment watching the trailer to now you love the game you sold out
High key want his voice in the game and pry as well 😭😭
3 4 and 5 have so unreal movement.. pchysics are still so bad 🤮 UFC 2 rulez
Ps4?pleaseeeeeeeeeeeee
This game is really bad man!!
Pryoxis is a repeat unregistered SEX OFFENDER WE MUST BAN HIM
Can yall actually talk about the game instead of just s*cking Martial Mind off?
2:26 looks like the spam clinch is back  🤡🤡
My boy Martial has definitely made it, well deserved
BIG W FOR MARTIAL😭🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💙💙💙
Faith in this game has been restored. Just have martial work on your games from now on. It really went from sounding like the worst ufc game of all time to possibly the best one ever.
BRING BACK UFC 2 KNOCKOUTS..
17:32 that ref stoppage
Lets go Martial🔥
Well get ready for cheesers throwing elbows at the eye brows and winning on the ground. Good job EA. 4:30
MARTIAL MADE IT!!
Cinch system is worse then 3 and i can already see the takedowns are worse than 3.
LETS GO MARTIAL
Yoooooooo martial mind!!!!!!!!!!🔥🔥🔥🔥
Yoooo Martian mind in this b let’s gooooo!!!!!!
Release for pc please
Martial!! 😱
Glad Martial Mind getting work from EA, dude been pushing this series for awhile
Let's go Martial!!🎉
Same janky animations, basically the same models, this looks like a pathetic effort
So many negative videos a lot of people have put out we needed this for more answers
we need to see a knockdown and a ko EA
I don't care what people say, I think it's awesome.
haha funny how they bought him xD  he exactlx sounds like someone reading of a paper... nothng like himself anymore  Money makes the world go round
Does anyone know if they changed the CAFS back to how they were in UFC 1,2 and 3?
wow what an authentic showcase
Martial is W, game tho.. sticking with 3rd
stricking looks off
Has the developer ever thrown a punch before? Doesn't look like it. I'd rather someone knowledgeable about fighting developing the game
This is a Ufc 4 ufc 30th anniversary update. Not ufc 5.
Letsgooo martial
UFC 5 looks like a ps4 Xbox One game why is it only on Xbox series x and ps5
Big Martial on board but he knows this game is still ass
This looks... exactly the same lol ea gonna ea
Martial lets go 🔥🔥💯
Ufc4.5 this is not next-gen quality.  L
Martial making moves😭🔥
My man Martial made it!
i don’t think this will feel exactly like UFC 4 cause of the semi new controls, the grappling, and the whole damage system but the animations still look super similar besides that (that check left hook animation is amazing tho).
GnP is the same, that why EA show only 15 seconds about it. No sit cage position. Where is knock out example? And again UFC Undisputed 3 (game of 2012) is much better in gameplay aspects and details than 2023 game. Very sad, but EA is always EA…
I'll admit the grappling looks amazing even tho straights and hooks look like they did before but the submissions and sweeps look great. It's gonna be fun to fight in lw with all these great grapplers it's gonna look like irl high level grappling matches in the ufc. But i will also say i expected more changes in the clinch and on the feet. Ufc 4 striking was good but they lacked unique animations and im not talking level one through 3 im saying like pereira strike Animations and then izzy strike animations for example or just 2-3 iterations of each strike like we had with jabs and crosses that could resort in way more variety and uniqueness of each fighter since everybody would have a unique moveset. But ig thats not gonna happen. Also would have liked champ shorts for everybody aswell as interim shorts. But the crowd looks fantastic i did see that and jiri and yair look amazing too
Love how this accurately portrays T-City getting his face busted up.
My guy 👌
17:35 Thank God they made the ground and pound realistic tkos and not robotic stiff kos
W
Where's the ragdoll physics ea?
I genuinely can't understand why after 3 years, and being made on a new console, the graphics haven't changed at all.  When the first EA UFC game came out on PS4 it was one of the best looking games on the market. Seemed like a true step forward in the fight game genre. This game pretty much just looks like the last game on the last gen systems.
What about ko
EA on a mission to destroy all sports games. Can't lie it's actually impressive at this point.
This was rough...
the subs at 15:46 and 16:42 looked solid as hell
IT'S THE BROOO!! MARTIAL MIND!!!!
The blood still doesn’t leak 🤦🏻‍♂️
I wnt to see updated Charles Oliveira,tony Ferguson, Israel adesanya,jon jones
No ragdolls on knockout i assume
WOW MARTIAL MIND CAME ALONG WAY IM SO HAPPY FOR HIM
WHY CANT WE EVER GET GOOD KNOCKOUTS WITH GROUND AND POUND. GIVE US RAGDOLL ANIMATION ON CLEAN GROUND AND POUND KO'S. TKOS LOOK GOOD HERE BUT THE GROUND AND POUND PUNCHING ANIMATIONS STILL SUCKKKKKKKKKK
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
shoutout martial man, glad ea showing love to creators that support the game
Aye martial in this mf lol
Did they full change the striking controls?
UFC 2 WAS the best.. Just look at them knockouts..
I see O’Malley is still built like a Middleweight in this game 😂  Sad
huge w!!
Yooooo Martial on the official UFC channel?? My boy done come so far since getting his soul snatched by Jim Miller
I can’t believe they didn’t upgrade story mode 🤦‍♂️ such a waste. EA is a copy and paste company.
Joke
UFC 4.5
I liked everything except the fact that we didn't see a stoppage, ground game improved for sure though.
YESSIR MARTIAL!!!
They need to update my boy Charles his hair looks so ugly 😂
The "seamless submission" seems so bad 😂. The way bjj is performed in this game is like watching people roll in the gym just flowing around with no realistic resistance. It makes positions like shown way to easy to get into. Full mount is pretty rare in mma these days.
Not even surprised at this point lol.
EA Sports - It's Still the Same!
Let’s go Martial!
didn't even show one ko
Looks like a PS2 game
How’s the cover fighters doing for ya???😂😂😂😂that’s why you change the cover fighters izzy got the madden curse along w Jorge 😂😂
Congrats Martial well deserved
Everything looks great but PLEASE fix that immediate redness that appears on the face while attempting a submission or being submitted. It looks absolutely ridiculous and will certainly become a meme
All my concerns came true. Extremely dissatisfied is a understatement 😢 have fun to whoever thinks this game is good
wow this game is dog water
If it wasn't for Martial I probably wouldn't be getting anywhere near as invested into UFC games as I am right now. Big up
3 years in development and I didn't see a cage seated position, is it in the game yet??????
man, why Oliveira's model it is so weird?😢
I love how they left out knockout animations
I can't wait to play it day one
YOO MARTIAL WITH THE FEATURE LETS GOO
It’s actually comical that the devs didn’t give martial any updates or news on takedown defense and takedowns. Goes to show they more than likely left it as is which is pure comedy at this point
L
All the haters just got shut up with this deep dive
WE WANT RAGDOLL KOS.
It actually does look pretty good.
I hope it’s dope because I pre-ordered lol. I’m relieved after seeing the actual gameplay. Looks to be a big improvement.
L
This sucked
Bruh they didnt show a single KO or knockdown. makes me wonder if theyre hiding it because theyre not ragdoll at all or some dumb animations
Horrible takedowns
They ruined the clinch system.
Martial sold 🤣
Low key w
stun icons are dumb.. you know where and when an opponent is hurt by body, head, leg... Also, I dunno.. maybe it's just me, but I don't like how the camera is.. I think it started from UFC 4 where it's a bit more pulled out? iunno, that's me. everything else seems pretty good.
PC 🔥 no debe faltar esta vez, estar perdiendo mucho dinero 💰💵💸
Okkk the ground and pound looks promising
Добро! Хорошо смотрится! Ещё бы модели бойцов за предзаказ как на картинке сделали,а не как в прошлом ролике показали!
Martial being in the video is cool and all but it doesn’t change the fact it’s the same as ufc 4 :/
pathetic from ea just bring back the fucking clinch denial
Same clinch? same grappling animations? same takedowns? for 70$?
So if they try to submit you your done💀
Huge W
No swelling? 👎
The problem is that everything is terrible for you, except for innovations: - Physics and animation of punches;🧐 - Physics and animation of movements;🧐 - Wrestling and grappling;🧐 - Clinch;🧐 The problem was not in the schedule, or not realistic injuries and how these same injuries affect the condition of the fighter and his behavior - but in all of the above!!!🧐🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
PC
Submission system and inclusion of ground elbows is definitely a positive. Core ground game looks very similar to UFC 4 though, same with the clinch. Damage system looks great too
If they say that they introduced referee interactions.. why dafuq does the referee just waves his hands when the fight's over ?  I mean, this things should have been introduced from the main UFC, we are at UFC5 and even here it's not done correctly.
Fornite have better graphics
UFC4 UPDATE LOOKS DOPE 👌
Проблема в том, - что у вас ужасно все, кроме нововведений: - Физика и анимация ударов;🧐 - Физика и анимация движений;🧐 - Борьба;🧐 - Клинч;🧐 Проблема была не в графике, или не реалистичных травмах и том, как эти самые травмы влияют на состояние бойца, и его поведение, - а во всем вышеперечисленном!!!🧐🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Let’s go Khabib Nate and Masvidal are in the game
Look the game seems to be good but.... please add draws to career mode and against AI
Worse than I ever imagined...
LETS GO!!!!
Henry went corporate
I beg knees work realistically
Is there no beta ??! What happened to that?
They didn’t show an in game KO?
I think this game looks very much like 4 but will feel much better.
Well at least the ref remains visible somewhat
So no knockouts awesome
Love to see it for martial, hopefully he don’t sell out
The grappling is good
Did anyone see hasbulla?😭
LETS GO MARTIAL!
Movement just looks really clanky to me
How do knockouts look tho ?
Mounted guillotines should be an option
OMG MARTIAL
Ground game is dope
Stop scamming us
Literally the same game.
So you can only elbow once lol
It’s ufc 4 with getter damage system and better ref stoppages and finishes that’s it.
Ground game looks the same clinch is legit just copy and paste from 4
Pc
This games gon be mid at best was really excited too😔
I think I rather have the submission game from ufc 2 or 3
PC
neow
The graphics look very cartoon like / small blockey / not good / Frostbite engine was designed for FPS/ not for "sports" games???!
I wish even on your back you can still throw punches even if they break guard and mount up to land blows
Cmon martial brotha!! 👊🏻❤️
ELBOWWWWWS
WE NEED PRIDE MODE
Ufc 4 but now it’s an arcade game
The lighting is concerning
Release the game for PC you heathens
THIS GAME LOOKS LIKE TRAASSHHHH
the submission system goes hard
Yea submissions are going to be super overpowered. People thought mini games was bad ? Wait till UFC 5 comes out with this new sub system
Pre-order UFC 5 today! http://x.ea.com/77992
The submission system still worries me a bit!
Ufc 1 and 2 are legendary
MARTIAL MINDD
Khamzat looks great on this game atleast
Hot pile of garbage
I cant lie, this looks good. Fingers crossed.
Nah martial mind is clear bro
5/10...
no way they got martial mind on here dopee
Shouts out to Martial for the big look. Gotta be honest though, this looks just like UFC 4. I would say I am disappointed but I kind of expected it.
Is it coming for the PC?
Disappointed that they got on martialmind to do this when he has said really awful stuff about disabled people in his videos....
What's the Verdict boys?   Is it gonna be good?
Wish the striking was better and the stun animations they look to much like UFC 4 but the grappling and ground game 🔥
It's crazy how they talk about it like it's an update to UFC 4 rather than an entirely new game.
Can't wait
the same graphics.
Wow so the same game
UFC 4.5 looking ass game
UFC 4 with a update
Funny how they just roasted UFC 4 the whole time to praise UFC 5 when they just updated a few things
A lot of the changes seem great but Vulnerability damage decrease is a massive L.
Sell out 😂😂
Martial sold his soul to Ea, this game looks  like ufc 4 and even worse.
Not gonna lie it looks just like ufc 4 with updates graphics
Thats our boiiiii!!!!!! Way to go Martial Mind!!!!!! Literally one of us in his room, talking game!! About time EA!!!!
Super disappointing
AND STILL the same game
Colin you stinky rn
Why is there so much blood on the canvas in round 1?
their faces going red as they panic more in a submission hold is cool.
looking forward to playing this ufc 4 remastered
I'm not gonna talk about martial because everybody here does lol
This is a random question but if anyone does know anything that would be great, but for ufc 5 career mode, when you become champion have they allowed the shorts to change colour for the challenger because in ufc 4 it’s the black and gold on black and white or gold, red etc. It does become annyoing having every fight with black vs black shorts as it’s not realistic (only happens in title fights), so I was just wondering if ufc fixed that and if you’re able to choose shorts for the champion and have different colours, like izzy and moreno have done in real life.  Edit: have they also added interim belts to career mode? For when you’re becoming champion or having a challenger, would be a cool addition for the people who like career mode
Developers didnt work because of covid, Right?
Watch ppl who hated on the game like pryoxis switch up after this martial ea collab 😭💀
Whats with graphics? Every time just worse wtf
Id be ashamed to show this after 3 years. The clunky movement, the same ufc 4 animations through out. EA You have become obsolete and I cannot wait until these licenses get revoked.
Looks exactly like ufc 4 on with the strikes lunges look the same to
Grappler ​I enjoyed UFC 4 and the changes to the grappling system but this game is bloated with features and doesn't visually look any better than ufc 4 what a waste
please let us customize the shorts we wear too
idk I want certain fighters to move how they move irl, like their fighting style  pereira is very upright and bouncy irl, in game he has a default stance
I just hope we still have unicorn hair
как можно было после шедевра юфс2, исполнить такие механики движений и ударов в последующий частях, жесть.. испаганили серию ❗
Instead of improving the game people paid for with ufc4...they have gave people a £90 update?  UFC 4 WAS THE BETA
I’m hoping for better ko animations
I’m liking it tbh 😌
Don’t know who tf is martial
DOCTA STOPPIDGE!
Okay but can we have actual create a fighter tools to make fighters who are not in the game
La gente que piensa que esto apesta, porfa dejen razones sanas y si hate en este comentario, porque yo de verdad que lo bien más que bien con respecto al 4, tiene mejor velocidad y el stricking luce un poco mejor y mas los demas sistemas de daño, grappling y ground n pound se ven bien la verdad.
What is realistic? I lost hope You guys just added motion and wounds. It's no different from 4
Why, they not added new movement, I respect the community, but jeeeezzz 3 years for this?
This game looks the same
Looks bout the same just new engine and few changes
YOOO... THE MOVEMENTS
PURE ASS
Bro this chat is soooo pathetic
Same Movement...
OH YEAH BABY CRUZ IS BACK
Same trash
hola 🎉😊
UFC4.5
Wtf is this
Not even close to trailer
Yeye pipsqueak
Bro spent more time talking about icons then gameplay
💩💩💩
FINALLY! Sub attempts actually do something!!
Please add KHABIB 🎉
This looks so bad lmao
Never thought I’d see martial completely sell out like this tbh…
Parece el mismo juego que ufc 4 xd
flyweight volkanovski 💀
Bro what were they doing for 3 years
You can’t polish a turd.
Martial sold out, this is garbage
Привет
It looks like cuts will be an exploit online
It looks the same wtf?
cool and all but where is pc
Let's get it
Well Martial was critical of the game in his reaction video, lets see if he switches up here.
Biggest name in the MMA YouTube scene. What a guy.
What instrumental is the opening sequence?
Where is Esfand?
W
I'm so nervous
less gooooo
MARTIAL MIND!!!
MARTIAL MIND MADE IT
#UFC5Willbegood
Pryoxis?
Big up martial been watching for years
Why is martial the lead ufc game talking head
Martial Mind🫡
Lets gooo
Rip Dana
LFG MARTIAL!
Please EA. Don’t mess this up.
Smoke that
40segond 😂😂
I think martial mightve sold out boys, hes gonna praise the game no matter how bad it is
🙏🏻🙏🏻
Hell yea MARTIAL. !!!!!!
Yo
👀🇫🇷
Martial fr deserve it
Please bring back UFC 2 stringing fluidity, if you add that the game will be perfect no matter the grappling system
My man
W MARTIAL MIND
So that’s what martial meant when he said he knew some stuff and didn’t wanna give it away lol.. man’s went mainstream good for him🤝.
Martial has entered the big leagues. Happy for my boy
Martialmind sold out for the bag🤣🤣🤣 JKJK
Let’s go Martial🔥
My man MARTIAL MINNDDDDD
MARTIALLL
Martial f*ckin Mind Ya'll
Oh wow congrats martial mind!! Happy for you bro
Ufc 5 going to be best game
😮
So happy for martial 🎉
W martial mind
Martial you the man!!!
I am happy for Martial but sad at the same time because we all know from now on he will have to be very careful while saying anything bad about this game even if it is constructive criticism.
😮😮😮
Well done Martial! Great video, fantastic work and dedication from you as always!!!
Now its 85 mins they fuckin with us
Martial mind let’s gooo
I wish UFC 5 is also available for the PS4 or at least PC
Lmao it literally just said 30 min they just re stared the timer now it's 64 mins wtf is going on
Good for mind i guess..this will be the only video ill watch he is apart of
Martial is UPPPP!! LFG
i forget how much of the community doesnt know how weird and creepy martial mind is on twitter 😂
Bring UFC to the master race!
PRYOXIS BETTER
Let's gooooooo Martial
Finally someone with actual feedback for the game.
Wow! Gustafsson looks young again!
Ight hold up, Martial mind is playin this? This might actually be some good news tbh. We saw bozos playin the game in the trailer who were ass at striking so I want to see it from someone who can actually annihilate the game. Shiii i wonder if controls have changed
So did martial mind know this whole time about all the new stuff😭
Good for martial mind bro heck yea
So do we get the beta?
MARTIAL MIND IS NEVER BIASED TOWARDS SOMETHING I HOPE HE STAYS THAT WAY AND TELLS US ABOUT THE NEGATIVE STUFF AND GIVES HIS FEEDBACK ABOUT IT
Expect some garbage junk, as always.
I can play ufc and win anyone im promis
This video comes out on september 19th, my birthday. What a great birthday present, pre ordered the deluxe edition today as well!
They picked the right guy for this video🔥 i wrote a comment few years back in ea ufc 2 or 3 saying: Martial will be the biggest ufc game youtuber and he should get a job in the ufc some sort. And he kinda did halfway😂 interviewed sean o malley twice, now he is in ea ufc gameplay deep dive... and he is INDEED the biggest ufc game youtuber right now, just like i predicted🔥 he is the reason i started playing ufc games too and trying to get better. THANK YOU HENRY!
I freaking knew it.I knew martial had some contracts.He was trying his best to avoid the truth on the last trailer.
Happy for martial mind this is crazy
Now this is what im talking about. LETS GO!!!!
If they don’t bring ground and pound elbows and the double handed Muay Thai clinches back then I’m not buying the game.
Getting Martial to do this is a huge W for EA
martial mind prolly has been bought, or he will be actually honest with the gameplay, who knows
😮😮😮🎉🎉
they are scared of my man pryoxis doing a real deep dive into the ufc 4.5 update
No PC version without purchase. Another UFC game outside of the biggest gaming platform.
EA YALL SHOULD STOLE UNDISPUTED MOVE WHERE U CAN PRESS DOWN ON THE DPAD AN IT TURN UR MOVEMENT INTO FREEFLOW THAT WOULD BE NICE IN UFC 5
Did not expect martial mind! W
Guys come on bring UFC to PC . It cannot be that hard !
Martial Mind!! Congrats!
It's very bad game...
Martial please 🙏 keep it real 💯 big fan👍🏽
Tony prime please
Who care this is not UFC 5 this still UFC 4 suck
So proud of Martial Mind
Martial Mind is the perfect ft for this!!
This has ppv feel I'm nervous ea whyyyy
Martial Mind came so far man, so inspiring
Martial Mind said he was disappointed because the Gameplay Trailer did not show good gameplay. Now let’s see how game looks being played by one of the most skilled UFC players! 😅
Why do they always give Conor haircolours he doesn't have? He has red hair not blonde and the Thumbnail looks like a skinny Gustafsson
Shoutout to Martial man. This is awesome. Love to see the guy win.
Martial is a shill now
Lol thats why he was talking so good about the game , he's on the payroll 😂 i knew it
Во сколько по Москве?
🥨
Will Martial Mind tell the fact?😂
Ea can I please buy a code to play ufc 5 beta I will pay 40$ for it I’m ready to try out that grappling
Martial has a special gift, i seen that when i was in vegas, he has that it factor!
W Martial
Pretty cool to see him doing this. I’ve been in a few of his vids.
Is that gustaffson
LETS GOOO MARTIAL MIND BABYYYYY❤️❤️, THATS MY BOYYYYYY!!!!!!!!
I knew this was going to happen the way he was talking about the game lol. So glad we have someone that actually know how play the  game showcase it for us.
We need big knockouts in this game
Hello, I'm new. Does the normal edition come with all the fighters?
I knew marshal was up to sum the way he was talking about it he knows everything we don’t props to you bro 👍
And this is why he keep defending the EA scammers 🤣
Martial mind???
Let’s hope they do something with the lighting in the octagon to help make the graphics look real good. The cinematic replays graphics look way better than the actual fight gameplay
No wonder he didn’t say anything negative about the gameplay
LFG MARTIAL!!!!!!!
Who is that that is not conor mcgregor 😂🤣
MM sold his soul to EA sports
Worse than ufc 4!  FORCED ranked weight classes again! Don’t buy
So proud of you Martial! Came a long way! 🙏🔥👀
Ufc  i just hope we gonna have fun game with real felling of fighting chest match
Can't wait to see the improvement. Stop the hate, UFC 4 isn't even that bad if you're not playing against some sweat ball h0e. Sure there is exploits but if you're playing against real fans of the sport who want to play the game the way it's intended, It is very fun.
Martiallllll!!!!
Amazinf 🎉
Forza Napoli 💙
Martial 😩😩finally getting his recognition he been needed
Let's Goo
My boy martial made it 🎉🎉 congrats brother!
Yessir Martial
Why is martial mind in this. He is a complete fucking nerd that try’s to act like he knows anything about fighting because he plays a video game💀
Martial Mind! Let's gooo
Parabéns, Martial Mind. Você merece demais! Se Deus quiser, um dia serei eu. Estou comentando aqui para ficar registrado!!!🥊🥋💞🫰🏻🙏🏼✍🏻
Ayooo martial gonna be big time
Congrats to martial mind, guy knows his stuff and I'm glad he's being recognized for it
​they got martial because they know he has the respect of the community and a silver tongue that can make something awful sound promising, prove me wrong
I fuckin knew it😂😂 Im happy for Martial but now we know why he hasnt been fully honest about this trash!
Are the positive comments bought by EA or what? UFC 4.1 Still Stiff and Robotic Enough said
So that’s why he’s been quiet about the obvious flaws in the game
LETS GO MARTIAL MIND BRO, SO PROUD OF YOU BRO❤️👊🏻
they bought martial mind
MY BOY MARTIAL!! 🫡
Wwoooorrdddd!?!? Lets fucking go martial‼️👏💪
The fact that couldn’t tell who’s the fighter in the thumbnail scares me 😂
YOOOOOOOOOOO LET'S GO MARTIAL!!!! you're the perfect guy to rate this game!!!
Takedown’s spammmmer
Congrats Martial Mind!! Looking forward to this!
SIUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Is that mf supposed to be conor????
ill save you the time - it's the same as UFC4
Happy for you martial. I remember you tried to warn us about UFC4, man that was terrible game. Hopefully this one is better.
Martial mind the official  ea shill
Martial 🔥🔥🔥
Idk how to feel about this…. I’m excited for the game but then again UFC 4 left a bad taste…. So many spamming knees and elbows without stamina penalties… not being able to use my own custom moveset with my custom fighter….. horrible ground game…. I really hope EA did better this time
Ok that’s good
Good too see martial getting big!!
Let's go jit actually know how to play
Okay okay
Let’s go Martial! Awesome to see this.  Well Deserved!
Martial !!????
LFG martial my man
Roll tide rock on dudes im happy for Martial
New gameplay UFC 4 v2.0 ! WoW ! waiting 2gether
Ah Martial Mind, you mean the EA lap dog who praises UFC 5 sorry UFC 4.5 for money and PR.
Whaaaaat no wonder my boy martial wasn’t saying much 😭😭
Martial is one of the very few people I see play UFC games that actually knows what he’s talking about. Can’t wait!
Martial made it 🎉🎉🎉
Nigeria FTW
EA Don't let me down, please
LETS GO MARTIAL!!!
martial mind no way
Conor looks like Gustafson 😂😂😂
Get ready to be dissapointed
LETS GO MARTIAL MIND!!! As someone who’s watched him since the ufc 2 days i’m so pumped to see him on an official trailer
Wow, 21 minutes of video
“deep dive” lol
Hopefully this doesn’t make Martial biased towards the game, but regardless I’m happy for him and looking forward to seeing more
Finally someone who can actually play. You should listen way more to him.
Martial Mind is him.
THE OG MARTIAL MIND! dope to see him featured
Martial mind yessir
LETS GOOOOO
martial
👀👀
Welcome to the ufc4 remastered
clinch clich clich
Here before we’re all disappointed
My man Martial moving up in the world 🔥🔥🔥
Lets go Martial, one of the best in the game if not THE!
MARTIALLL
This better not be ufc 4 again
MARTIAL?! LETS GOOOOOO FINALLY GETTING THE RECOGNITION HE DESERVES
Martial Mind: Oh, now this is going to be amazing 👏   Who in the MMA community doesn't like Martial Mind
My man martial has made it big time 😭😭
Who tf is that guy
Better look like no rock em sock em robots
YOOO TRUST IN MARTIAL MIND
Martial mind ???
MARTIAL MIND???
