Fight of the year. Best fight out of the trilogy. Deontay showed a lot of heart. Tyson Fury proved once again he’s the true heavyweight champion of the world
This is a legend
you guys think tyson fury can knock out a prime lennox lewis?
Tyson Fury would have beat Lennox Lewis easily
Lennox in his prime would of beaten fury imo
The only thing more dangerous than a Fury right hand is the amount of spit coming out of Lennoxes mouth when he talks.
Another crazy moment in time! Just happy everyone's okay i got to witness it with you lovely people alive today 👌 our Time is precious
Like how lennox didnt give a definitive answer for fury vs usyk, smart man.
Shannon Briggs vs  Lennox Lewis 28.03.1998/Леннокс Льюис против Шеннона Бриггса (1080i, full fight) https://youtu.be/pskBqViRiyk
This is a perfect made for tv movie  this was awesome and drama outside the ring too
Well lenox thanks for stating the bleedin obvious
The lighting in that venue highlights the amount of saliva that comes your way when talking to someone face to face -.-
Lennox is the best 🥊🥊🥊 Lennox can bit fury or wilder 👍👍👍
Fury is a clever boxer as he knows early enough when to go down for a 15 seconds rest before total knockdown. For the same reason I think he is a bit of a chicken.
floating rib shot
Lennox really needs a stylist; he always looks terrible in his clothes.
Wilder needs some defensive boxing skills !!!!!!
i see no reason for usyk fight Tyson i would spend a year or 2 enjoying being big shit, i rematch Josh n after that win I'd face a top contender
Love the fact Lewis is loving  Tyson these days  after a shaky start.  How can  you not love Tyson after all he's done now.
What an absolute  gentleman .
Why would we need to listen to lennox Lewis. It's as bad as listening to Chris the pillock eubanks. .
Great fight
Lennox don't know what he talking bout... That scound fight Fury was afraid to throw a punch for most of that fight... Talking far too much bout repersenting the Black community when he can't back it up he needs to shut up he aint Ali.....
First of all - Lennox, where did your gorgeous locks go!! 😳.
Fury & Usyk are clever boxers, it will be a very good *boxing* match.
King of the division. From someone who should know.
Best way to beat tyson fury is dont let him use his weight on you. Dont let him clinch. Keep your distance and jab him like you were riddick bowe.
He's the KING 🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
I never thought I'd say this but...Lennox is one classy guy!
Lewis was one of the real great ones. He knows the game.
Tyson has four  styles ,Marciano, Ali ,Forman, Frazier all in one ,Marciano,s stamina,Ali's jab,formans power,Frazier's bobbing and weaving ,in that massive frame , Unbeatable 🥊🥊
The most ridiculous accent in sport
Wilder is a braggart, a loud mouth & a sore loser, so unsportsman like after the fight.  Says it all. I wonder what new excuses he'll come up with for losing the trilogy fight?
Tyson has a great personality
Wilder could beat a thousand other guys. He just can't beat Fury. No matter how good you think you are, there's someone out there that has your number.
Looked more like come dancing to me 😂
Lewis did the same with Tyson, used his weight and wore him down
None of these 2 boxers wouldn't of last more then 4 rounds against Larry Holmes.
So he just won because of weight Advantage, hes in a Differenz weight class lol
Wilder looked like he'd been hit by a truck  🚚
Lewis??? A true historical observer, good comments giving credit to both opponents.
I was sick so I couldn't go out to watch it I ordered it at home can say I was a little skeptical on the price but honestly it was so worth it. Its moments like those  that you won't forget even my girl was hyped and she doesn't even watch boxing like that 🤣 None the less respect to both fighters one of my favorite fights forever ❤🥊
Wilder might have shown a lot of heart but showed terrible sportsmanship at the end of the fight.
The gloves are OK this time !?!? Asking for a friend ...
In order to avoid child labour, there should be another division (super heavyweights?) for Fury's Category.
If only this joker had the courage to fight a younger Mike tyson  instead of dodging him until Mike was failing. Coward.
TYson gets knocked down in round 12 of the first fight, and appears out for a few seconds and gets up. Deontay Wilder gets knocked down in round 11 of thrid fight. Deontay takes a couple of seconds rest, starts to get up, and gets ruled out.
Those two dudes throw Blows they don't Hug
Wilder appeared very thin compared to Fury. If he want to regain the top spot I think he needs to work on the basics; crisp and sharp punches and use more defensive boxing as well as gain more fast twitch muscle. Plus he would do well to go up to another 25 pounds especially in his legs to gain more punching power and strength in the ring. His heart and will is there already no doubt.
Lennox - quality comments. Nothing wrong with this man's brain.   Great to see!
back and forth.... what fight did you watch.... after the 4th is was Fury beating on Wilder continuously.
so LENNOX LEWIS ...Basically ...PUNKED OUT ...will Not Be FIGHTING TYSON FURY ...Not TODAY ,,,Not Tommorrow ,,,Not NEXt  WeeK ,,,Not Next Month ,,,NOT,,,NOT ,,,NOT,,,  see-ya ..!!
If I had a time machine I would put winix in the rain with Tyson Fury the enjoyment of watching how bad Tyson with walk when it would be incredible recalled Linux never fought anybody he didn't deserve to ever wear title belt he was nothing he was a nobody
Wilder earnt so much respect in that loss only to lose it all again being a sore loser, take your licks mate
Lenox was a real fighter he should be in the ring not those two losers.
Just because 2 people produce a good fight, does not make them good fighters. Two bums.
That highly questionable referee came along at the last minute, and replaced a referee who was just fine, and that referee took '15 seconds to get to 8' when Fury was down for the count  -  "HHHHHMMMMM" 😀
I dont understand Lennox!!!  Sure we understand that it was often Lennox's approach to lean on his opponents and impose his weight!!! But from what I saw Fury only adopted this approach maybe 20% of the fight at most!!! Why is Lennox attempting to downplay Fury's ability to both take hits from apparently one of the biggest hitters ever and also Furys obvious ability to deliver massive body shots, jabs and heavy hits!! Was he watching the same fight or is he critiquing from another agenda??                           5
Her don't remember you told him anything dude.
Look younger and better with no hair. No homo
Ленокс красавчик!!!!
I still think Lennox would knock Fury out, if he ever decided to fight again!
Now you see how COVID is spread. 💦
Lenox Lewis a class act tells it like he sees it
Love lennox. A real class act in and out of the ring.
Lennox is not in the gym anymore ...
I used to like and respect Lennox! Shame he hates that a  British boxer  won???
The man who.sold his soul
Lennox Lewis....  overrated - overrated and more overrated.
Lennox Lewis has always had class...
Miss you Lenox! My favorite heavyweight.
Larry Holmes would have beaten all three.
He looks high
WBA should create another title call " giant weight " which bigger than heavy weight title,
These guys didn't go to the body it was head hunting all night so I believe a come back by Mike Tyson and Lenox Lewis will be big trouble for the heavy weight division
Fight of the century, the Christian king 🤴 fury rose up not once, but twice to become victorious over evil,  Christians dominate the boxing 🥊 world 🌎 🙏rejoice
❤️Tyson Fury the best heavyweight Champion of all time soon...  ... ACTUALLY, VERY SOON!!! GOD BLESS YOU CHAMP!! 🙏 👊💯😺❤️👍
man, Lennox Lewis still looking good and young.  I would love to see Lewis  VS. Fury and Wilder.  That would be great.
Congratulations to Fury on a good victory, however, all this talk about who is the King of the division is premature and, Fury needs to fight Usyk to establish that.  I'll throw my hat into the ring right now and predict that Usyk will win that one.
Lennox has learned to be humble???  Wow.  Impressive.
Of all of the retired champs, Lewis has still got his wits about him. It's a testament to his skills. I'm always interested to hear his opinion. A very interesting guy.
Wow Lennox looks so different now he's gotten older like the rest of us
Lennox super heavy weight for Canada, played hockey last year at the Lenix Lewis hockey arena in Kitchener Ontario Canada
The key to Tyson's victory is that he could take hard punches and recover fast.
Class act, 100%.
Fury is always a rough fighter pushing opponents when he's tired. He's not a good boxer. You don't lean on people's back & pushing to be a great champion.
0:36 Brotha just let it rain on the dude 😂
Who wants to see Lennox Lewis fight in 2022
Usyk is 6`3, Wallin is 6`4 and nearly beat Fury, Lewis was 6`5.
American now Lewis?
Salute to Lennox Lewis
Plus Fury is a much better boxer than Wilder.
To beat Tyson fury u got to win by decision it's the only way knocking him out won't work but can u last 12rounds with him
I Strongly support my Christian brother Tyson Fury but I feel either he or Wilder would get destroyed in the ring by the greatness of past Champions - Lennox lewis, Evander Holyfield, George Foreman and Tyson. Fury and Wilder looked slow, awkward, sloppy and out of shape.
Nice to see Lennox looking so good.
Lennox looks to be in great shape, nice to se him
Tyson just to big for Usyak plus he can really box!
This will be known as one of the  top 3 fights in boxing history.
You got to understand. That without the ather guy, this whoud not happen.
Entertaining but not the best heavy weight fight. Wilder needs to fire his trainer. He needs boxing skills and defense.
That fight was our LYLES/FOREMAN. #CATO
Absolutely! And what a fight it was! Respect to Wilder for refusing to give up and great combinations from Fury! Both fighters hit really hard!
lennox lewis always in a hurry
Lennox ur a legend an honest not like haye an Nelson -    the tyson fury story is the real rocky story..... He is something special...... No one has done it the way he did with all he went through -  it is truly inspiring. 3 days later an  still.. Wat a fight
Lennox Lewis always a class act
The Alien Connection of Tunguska Explosion of 1908 in Russia: https://youtu.be/GGClxE_ZLi0
Double score is not really a close fight.
Lewis's accent was weird man half American half pom
Wilder loss the fight  b/c of   low quality  grade  ink in his tattoo  coupled  with  heavy over size  mouthpiece
Lenox good shape I think will be in wring soon
Nice suit 😃
Lennox Lewis is looking pretty good for a 56 yr old after what he`s been through in the ring.
Hearing Lennox Lewis speak is as boring as watching him box!!!
In there first fight, in the 12th and final round when wilder decked fury, when fury opened his eyes and beat the count, he looked like when Arnold Schwarzenegger whened his eyes in terminator 2 judgement day when the other terminator thought he was down and out
Not fight of the year.  Maybe Ass whoopin of the year.  This was horrible to me far as back n forth.  This was live ass whoopin.  Just lasted longer big ups to Fury the Goat
it really hurts Lennox that deontay lost ...... he has a thing for him.
Lewis would have put the pair of them away 👍👍👍👍
Got to have respect for one of the greatest champion's of all time lot of love for Lewis.
Still think fights from the 90ties, like Holyfield-Bowe, Lennox-Mercer etc were much better.
Tyson supporter here, but if he fights Usyk, I'll go with the latter just because he's a great guy.
lennox would ko wilder😆, fury would give lennox problems thou
Lennox 56 lookin like 40
American accent, back to British accent, back to American.  Baffling lol.
Both fighters had gone down twice, and whoever went down next was the loser. It was a 50/50 fight by heavyweight standards and fortunately for Furry, he unleashed his rare heavy right hand power that finished Wilder. A great fight, and I wouldn't mind a fourth one. Importantly, Wilder should work on hos footwork and head movement.
Maybe one day they’ll realize nobody cares about Heavyweight Boxing anymore. It will never recover from the poisonous bite of UFC… All we have to do now is wait for sucker punches and groin kicks…
spit of lenox lewis is the key
I think that Lennox Lewis would beat Fury.
I want to hear his reaction to being called lanux all night.
Happy for fury But a near 40 lb difference in the weight ins is a ridiculous difference
That fight will have taken everything away from Wilder.He'll never be the same after that beating and his incredible bravery probably didn't do his future health any good taking such punishment.I Hope he retires and doesn't put himself at risk anymore because he took one of the worst beatings in the division's history there.
Wilder let him lay on him wore him out ,Mike tyson would have just have given fury a uppercut good night.
Fury is on the way to becoming the least remembered unbeaten heavyweight in the history of boxing.
Stats say Fury is 6"9 but when Lennox goes to see him in the dressing room they are eye to eye. Has Lennox grown? Well done Fury, proper mash up that was.
Seems like Lennox lost a lot of his accent.
What’s with the suit Lennox....
Who knocked the hair off Lewis's head?
Lennox Lewis is Great Champion and he telling the truth. Fury is the King
Lennox Lewis would beat both on same night 20 years ago
Alexander will beat tyson pretty easy !
All BS. The fight was staged in my view. Next?
He seems disappointed Fury won
Science!
Personally I think Fury as the best but I still Lewis ahead of him in his day!
Jesus Lennox, I know u can dress better than that!
Lewis is a poser, work on your accent boi
Think how strange this must be for Mike Tyson.... little white gypsy kid born prematurely grows up to follow his namesake "Tyson" and fulfills it beyond anybody's wildest dreams.... life is magical and weird like that.
Lennox got me all confused, sometimes he's got the all grey beard, sometime he's got glasses, he used to have long dreads.
Wasn't even a fight. Fury beat the brakes off of him for 10 out of 11 rounds lmao
Fury has owned Wilder since he got knocked down in the first fight. Go back and look at Wilder’s face when Fury stood up. That’s a look of stunned and utter defeat.
As Pat Travis sang "Boom Boom!! Out Go The Lights".
i have to agree with LEwis i think Tyson is the king of the division right now
I will have to agree. Tyson is the King ✔
Lennox looking-great with new look - like Evander. Sharp - looks terrific.
shannon briggs gonna turn up soon letsgo champ
just hope u mongrel press ppl let tyson have time his family .let him be few months
Lewis is class. Always has been
Lol so fake
Why does he sound more American than British?
Lewis… loves to see Wilder lose… he doesn’t want Deontae to surpass his legacy. Lowkey hater
Lennox is a great ambassador for the sport.
The Dosser is Dead, Long Live The King
Lennox No1 all time!
Wilder will dissappear after this loss. His spirit is broken. Ypu can see it in his eyes
Like I said before the fight " the Man takes the boy to the killing flour and butchers him "             **American , American ***
This almost looked like a half drunk dad beat the crap out of his son. Yea, stubbed his toe once or twice but he put the fecking boy in his place
Nice to see Lennox looking clear eyed and healthy. One of the few to get out without his brains scrambled.
Lenox - Fury would have been a good fight. Lenox a bit smaller but a very hard puncher and a pretty good gas tank against the bigger man with less power but great boxing technique and a big heart. If only? ☺
Hahaha can't believe to this legend really faworise this fight
looked like Fury let Wilder hang around a bit... No need for #4
(M)Tyson  and Lewis rematch coming soon still I hope !! I know both old but don’t care, think will be good
I think Wilder did improve his boxing skills, and his strength, but his cardio was not enough to make up for the extra muscle and weight gain. Tyson just laid on him and caught with a bunch of sneaky right uppercuts. Too, Tyson was hitting at will with that lunging jab that wore Wilder down. Great fight. I think if Wilder continues to improve now on his boxing technique, and add a specialist on his cardio, he could fight Fury again after he fights 2 times next year and wins. Then not only could he beat Fury, everyone will want to see the matchup again; like the Rocky movies. 😛
Lennox is a class act. Great spokesperson for the boxing.
Hard to credit Fury with this victory. 40plus lbs advantage. If they were within 20lbs of each other Wilder kills him. They need to put a limit on Heavyweight and make Super heavyweight class. around 260. Good place to start.
Maybe it could be an interesting fight if both had the same weight. In this scenario I think Deontay would nail it. Just my opinion
Mr. Lennox Lewis suit is ugly a heck! Lol
Lennox sounding more and more American every year
Who cares what the Paper Champion Lewis thinks
Fury did his thing
Lennox dont lie like ward
People forget Tyson has lungs the size of garbage bags and has been carrying around that weight and more his entire life. Wilder should not have come in at almost 240.
Hey guys we have free links for all sports, boxing, mma, nfl, football, basketball etc in the description of our videos.
Lenox Lewis terlihat awet muda...  Layaknya saat masih aktif bertinju
Holy crap i would never have recognized Lennox in public
Lennox is a real gentleman
Tyson fury is a true boxer that can adapt to different styles. Deontay came out looking to knock him out early and ran out of gas. There was no real strategy
Wilder has a god given punch but, he has made a host of stupid, unfounded excuses, refused to shake hands after this fight and has said he wants a body bag on his record.... Not a great champion... Not a good role model ...
Love listening to Lennox,  great guy !    Fury now needs to move on to other opponents  ....ditto Wilder   .....
In his prime Lennox would have mopped the floor with Tyson
What a mentally, physically, and spiritual beating up by Tyson (British) to Deontay wilder American) ...Holy Punch Baptized him for good. Trilogy Fights all to Tyson. Loved It. Good hiding I say.
Prime Lennox Lewis would destroy Deontay and outclass Fury
Perhaps the greatest heavyweight fight that I have ever seen in my lifetime. For real.. I'm 42 years old. The only match I think is better is Hangler  vs. Hearns
Remember Lennox's last fight against Vitali!! Brutal!!
Blessings everyone GREAT WATCH HERE FOR EVERYONE "NOTHING IS AS IT SEEMS"? BY PROFESSOR WALTER VEITH AND MARTIN SMITH YOU TUBE POWERFUL POWERFUL WATCH FROM SOUTH AFRICA ENJOY 🙏🏾💯❤️😃
Lennox best of the best. Always a glass act
cameraman has obviously never heard of a lens hood.
Lennox Lewis is the most underrated heavyweight in history !
It’s hard to believe that he’s Lennox Lewis.
R.I.P. Emanuel Stewart 313
He looks so different. Only his voice is the same
Even though Wilder got THOROUGHLY handled two times in a row now, you'll pretty much never see Lennox say anything bad about anyone. Class act.
Lennox comes across as a really nice guy.
Stop trying make excuses for him about the  wight Mayweather always F his opponents wight up and nobody say anything boxing is control by elite if your a superstar boxer your a puppet for money !! Only sheep's with open mind know the true about all sports
Never skip leg day
Referee of the year
"The Good vs. the bad"
Was it just me seeing all the spit drops flying out ? 💦
How many excuses will Wilder come up with this time???????????
Gotta respect Lennox. Like him in the booth as well.
Great fight. Funny I believe if anyone ( time machine matchup)could beat Fury it would have been Lewis in his prime.
Deontae Wilder is a real Champ✌️he fought like a lion even if the opposite was almost half his weight, let’s go champ you have a lot to give 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽✌️
Chocolatito vs Estrada is the fight of the year but this one was a great one too.
Wilder is a coward!!!  Your heart for getting up means nothing.   You made accusations of cheating the last time you got beat up and then couldn’t even shake the mans hand after this last ass beating you received.   Own it,  Fury is a better boxer than Wilder!!
Lennox Lewis had that Alonzo from training day look, “Bro, I’m going to knock you out if you ask a another question.”
Wilder deserves  absolutely no respect, are you kidding me? after all the lies he and his team told, they were endless, "he had no padding in his gloves", "he had a rock in his glove", "see I had a dent in my head", "he was covered in grease", "the 40 pound suit I wore to celebrate black history month made my legs hurt"," I had a broken hand" "that was a slow count" "rabbit shots" that man is a clown, I know why he is not held to the same standard as others would be, we all know why.
Lennox now that's a master of boxing with awesome power the best heavyweight I've ever watched
Lennox Lewis…. Always a true sportsman and gentleman !!!
you and Klitschko now that was a great fight
Question is who wins prime lennox vs prime Fury....
Deontays sucker punch is also his biggest disadvantages. He relies too much on. It has worked so far but good boxers like Tyson just outplayed him. I dont even think that Deontay would be up there if he was fighting against the former generation like Mike T, Lennox or Holyfield   Deontay looked tired way too "early" which in my opinion comes down to his focus on only winning by a knockout. its simply to easy to read him
Lewis spitting facts into their faces. Literally spitting them.
Definitely the fight of the year
Lennox was a BEAST in his era
i still think deontay has a great place in heavyweight boxing...he is 'showbizz' i think he would be great against AJ .. .. .  keep going deontay you are still well liked despite the un-assailable mountain of tyson fury... i still wanna see deontay entertaining us all... .. . .. . .
i still think deontay has a great place in heavyweight boxing...he is 'showbizz' i think he would be great against AJ .. .. .  keep going deontay you are still well liked despite the un-assailable mountain of tyson fury... i still wanna see deontay entertaining us all... .. . .. . .
Wilder got whooped! Not even close! Needs to eat his slice of humble pie and stop swinging at the wind, head down with those windmill punches. He also does some girly hammer punch. Can't believe he still does that!
And You Lennox were the most underrated heavyweight of the last decade. In my top three GOAT 😉
That was a good fight
Wilder is a fighter not a boxer, this is a boxing match, the true boxer won. End of story.
Lennox looks shockingly healthy and coherent for a former longtime heavyweight champion
Hi Lennox.
Wilder fury are the best of our erra
Wilder said he was coming to the fight with his ancestors from the EDO tribe.... they must have forgot to set their alarms and overslept because they didn't show up for him..... wilder is a warrior to stay up all those rounds tho
All about the stamina buddy
Fury win bcos of super cardio 💪💪💪
2nd fight amazing . Exactly what fight did he watch
I think Fury is now good enough to challenge Derek Chisora kkkkkkkkkkkkk
Wilder has no counterpunch whatsoever. His jab is horrible. His balance suffers. The only thing he has going for him is his right hand power (which he also telegraphs 3 days before delivery). Usyk is going to be a lot different. A LOT!
he was completely biased in favour of wilder during the commentary, you can see it from his reaction asshole...he shouldnt be allowed to commentate with that partiality
Takes 2 to make a great fight. Respect to both.
Oh and anyone saying this was a great fight, even a good fight... Really don't watch much boxing. I knew this was over after round 2, wilder was done.... And I bet money in him. Smh
Wilder's legs looked like noodles after the first few rounds. He need new trainers to help with his stamina. The outfit was his excuse last fight. He has a glass jaw too with terrible defense. I cheer for him but I'm just being honest. For a fighter..No stamina+glass jaw+poor defense= retirement. 🤦🏾‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️
Why are people just ignoring the Delyon White guarantee and the AJ rematch with Usyk? Like be real reporters and know facts before asking dream questions
0:36 basically you spit a man in his face in a time of pandemia 😂
Fury would stomp a mudhole in Lewis' ass.
0:34 this dude's spittin
This dude was one of the most boring heavyweights EVER. Lucky too. Came in right as all the greats were fading. Good on ya, mate. 👌👌👌
Lennox js a 🔨🔨🔨
I like how all these people are crediting Tyson using his weight as the reason he won but in reality he won cause he’s  all around better boxer than wilder he beats him 10/10 times
How do you Boxing fans out there figure Lewis in his prime would have faired against Wilder and Fury?
Lennox was and is a class act, well mannered and articulate like all great champions
Fury is a boxer snd a smart man  He learned fight to fight and dominated wilder cone the end  Wilder is just a puncher not a boxer
For me Lennox is The Greatest all time. If was him no chance for Fury.
U all trying to hold that man up, lennox is on a mission
He's really good at his choice of words.
I like Fury but I can not say that of Wilder, but I would give credit and respect to him no matter what, he showed his skill and heart in this match but as Lennox said the obvious that Fury had massive advantage with his weight, there was chance for him only if Fury makes massive mistakes and himself has to perform 100% perfect, but man, Fury just won't give him any chance except in round 4.
Wilder lost his wind. If he trains for stamina he'd give Fury a good fight. Loved it though and think both fighters are the best !
Usyk will work Tyson harder than Wilder made him work but the Gypsy King looked quite good in the 11th. I think this will be a rare occasion Usyk won't have a cardio nor speed advantage. It'll all come down to power and intelligence.  Whether Fury's bulk and defense can carry him through the storm of accurate punching from Usyk or whether Usyk can dazzle the Gypsy King with his footwork and destroy his guard with that jab.  Interesting though Usyk's jab is a lot like Lennox Lewis's - multi directional and comes from an extended lead hand, used to destroy the fighter's confidence in his defences.
Wilder showed no heart! What kept him going was ego! The fucker got out boxed in a boxing ring!, Plain and simple!
Lennox one of the all time greats
Mma ain’t fucking with boxing I’m sorry 🤷‍♂️
Tyson Fury will never be as great as Lennox Lewis
https://youtu.be/xTgu98jk2wU
Somebody put a mask on Champs mouth, he spittin all over the place
Lennox has taken too many hits to the head. Fury was obviously a class above Wilder in terms of ring craft and technique. If Fury was a bit fitter it wouldn't have lasted more than four rounds.
That British accent is gone .🤣😅
Lennox Lewis is one of the best people to talk about the difference between fighting power versus skill. I knew the outcome just because Fury can box, and all the dramas ( although true ) surrounding the cheating highlight the fact that the creative and skilled man will win.
My first time to see Lennox Lewis slick bald
ok but fury is NOT the 'King of the division' unless that means #1 contender not counting the actual King Emperor Usyk who is, of couse, the HW champion of the world.  Fury does deserve to challenge for the title tho.
always been a fan of Lennox Lewis.  Great analysis by one of the greats.
Amazing fight. didnt think Wilder had that in him.  Hate how he still is salty and won't give Tyson his due. Tyson is one of the best HWs ever imo already top5. 6'9 280 he would smoke enough HWs from other Eras. How would a guy like Mike Tyson really reach his chin n now he is KO'n guys. Scary dude
Need to start boxing training!!! These guys age really well
Lennox Lewis is actually likable with those braids gone
The best heavyweight from tysons era tbh Tyson never beat anyone with any skill so sad he went to prison and couldn’t become what he was made to be
Why does Lennox not sound British?
Lennox you with the bullshit.  You know the referee turned a blind  eye to alot of Tyson fury leaning  Headlocks and grappling. But hey the referee has to get paid too. Just like SOCCER lol  We know YOU all need money just  Like WE do .  But deyontae wilder Knew this from previous fights with him. SO YEA MUCH RESPECT FOR THEM BOTH RIPPING US OFF . NICE CHOROROGRAPHED FIGHT.
it wasnt much of a fight looked sloppy
Sloppy fight
lennox cannot carry Fury's jockstrap
Tyson fury took out the horse hair from his gloves, you can clearly see that if you slow it down and pause the video throughout the fight, pause the fight  at 30.52 , the difference between the gloves is tremendous, You can also see his  modified gloves in the Floyd Mayweather commentary video . Open your eyes and do the research for yourself ! stop being sheep and wake up! Giving gypsies more of a bad name ! Btw he took of them gloves real fast at the end!  Everyone knows fury isnt a power puncher. Its so ironic how they are holding the glove up for the camera to see at the end while they water down the cheater. BTW a knockout in boxing is 10 seconds but thanks to the last minute replacement referee tyson was given 15. Cheating prevails in boxing still to this day 2021!
I want to see this fight again.its was a nice good fight.victory to both of them.
Stylistically I think aj is a bigger problem for fury and Wilder is a problem for aj  🤷‍♂️
ur still the greatest lennox
I personally think he would destroy either
Tyson would annihilate usyk
0:35 The Covid Spit
People now chanting Usyk Usyk Usyk 😂 they don't rest at all. Just wait till Usyk meets a guy that is a giant for him and that's 🤷🏻‍♂️ the King
Lennox is a conqueror?
IT LOOKS LIKE THIS TRILOGY WITH FURY DEFEATING THAT BRONZE SQUAD OR SHOULD I SAY BLAAAME SQUAD . FURY ALSO TOOK HIS HEART REMEMBER WILDER PROMISED THAT HE SHALL GET REVENGE OR REDEEMED .WELL WE SAW WHAT HAPPEND. THANK YOU GYPSY KING FOR BULLYING THE BULLY . NICE K.O. AND STILL CHAMP 🤓👊
Fury is definitely cut from that cloth. Him n Lennox wiuldve been a great fight but let's face it. Lennox would show fury zero respect  dude was slugging with big punchers for long periods of their fights before knocking them out. Today's heavyweights don't have the stamina to fight full 3 minute rounds. Fury is the closest I'd say. Wilder is a trash fighter he won't even beat dillain whyte or Joe joyce never mind usyk n aj. Casuals have lost their minds.
Fury tripled wilders punches stop with fight of the year
His wife said it's over in between the 10th and 11th she had given up on him...and what did he do...what he does..He is the Gypsy King..that is a serious achievement americans cant grasp it..It's like you take the toughest best street fighter from every and any town city state have a tournament and after all the millions of fighters one will remain...that one is Tyson Fury..that's just a lil inuendo
Lennox accent is nearly all gone, lol
Class act right there lets pray young brothers use Lennox as an example.
Legend Lennox. I liked seeing his face after this fight. You could tell he loved it.
Amazing to Tyson fury,..i love it,..and best in the world
Classy guy . Unlike our American ones.
"Tough back and forth..." All I saw was forth, from Fury.
Wilder showed heart, but he has no class!
AJ is so out of picture now. Fury is the king.
What a shit fight.
At least he has the balls to admit it this time with no excuses https://youtu.be/WOfww2xV4F4
How many times did Tyson Fury stick out his tongue this time?
Deontay wilder cries in post fight interview 😢 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=G7mlZ-cWo3g
Tyson is a class guy. Really impressed. John 3:16
Whoa whoa whoa!!! Where in the hell is Evander Holyfield to tell Tyson Fury that white people can't fight!?!?
It was hard to make out that was Lennox Lewis with all the spit on the camera
FFIIREEE SONG https://youtu.be/twPGwak_bPk
i love you Lennox, you are my favourite heavy weight, but man that suit, its like something Les Patterson would wear
Wilder had to stay up. He already knew he was going to lose so if he went down early…. His legacy would have been forgotten.
He knows about putting his weight on u and wearing u down.
Gotta jab with the jabber
Lennox spitting facts lol
Wilder had the key to the body but couldn't hold it to the gut big up to wilder getting a tough fight and taking to the mat with a loose like a soldier should
fury will destroy usyk
Lennox would have beat both.
Three great fights, Fury, wowza
Nothing about this fight was as these people are saying. It wasn’t a contest of skill at all…….Maybe strategy.   All it was just a bigger man laying on another man with his body mass, tire him out to the point of exhaustion and then pummel him when he has little strength to do any significant damage in return.  There is nothing great about Fury (Except that he’s a white heavyweight champion) or Wilder for that matter (A skill-less one punch fighter).  Because he (Wilder) knew what the game plan was gonna be, and STILL didn’t have the sense or ability to make adjustments in all that time to counter it.   More and more I realize how deprived people are of seeing sports greatness performed and executed with pristine skill, tenacity, and beauty.  There are no more  Ali’s, Tyson’s, Jordan’s, Rice’s, Kobe’s, Messi’s, Mayweather’s……None. 🤦‍♂️😔
THE HEAVYWEIGHTS ARE BACK.......
Cool guy,  I respect his words a lot.
https://youtube.com/shorts/9ZDqYOOUlKs?feature=share
They both tried but fury uses his chances
Time for Crawford vs porter
Lennox looking slim .... I think this fight with Iron Mike might even happen.
Wilder showed lots of heart but less of respect
Lennox Lewis ! top man ! You have to listen to this guy, He's been there and done it !! He can see boxing greatness.
Who wants to see usyk VS fury?I think if fury goes all in, it will be hard for usyk to stand him in the first rounds
Lewis looks a lot better with a shaved crown.  That receding hairline prior wasn't looking good.  Like Mike Tyson, he's accepting his balding.  Fair play.
Didn't even know his eyes got that wide.
I am Usiks fan and I absolutely agree with Lewis. Tyson is the King of the division. But still want to see him test Usik. AJ is BORING....
worst "boxer" to interview... irrelevant opinion
Lenox is a Great dude. I met him in Lower Manhattan right after he won his lawsuit against Mike Tyson and Don King. There were 3 big black dudes walking on Worth St. right by the courthouse, when I got closer I realized it was Lenox he was leaning up against the building and talking on his cell phone. I went up to him and asked for his autograph and he said "I don't have a pen" so I went to his driver who was waiting for him and got a pen and he signed an autograph for me and shook my hand. All I can say is he was Class Personified.
deontays corner need to stop worrying about building muscle and building cardio, muscles are for show which proves you gas out fast , fury corner had a game plan wilder was pretty much done in round 7 gassed out, he could have swung and missed and fell, poor training in wilders team, fury boxes, wilder 1 punch fighter
Tysons next victim.
What happened to Lennox's locks? dont tell me it was a wig all along!!
LENNOX IS THE GREATEST CLASS ACT IN THE RING AND OUT ???????? GOAT???????
Lennox and Fury would have been epic
Lennox or any top 10 heavyweight from the 90's would absolutely destroy either of those 2.
Fury vs Usyk might be Foremsn vs Frazier all over again. We’ll soon see.
How is lennox lewis' accent right between british and american
No a show of skills but power. Too big MOMMIES FIGHTING
I think they have to allow Tyson to reduce the weight to a limit
Mythical fight lennox lewis vs tyson fury who wins?
FURY IS A TRUE SPARTAN WARRIOR.
If I didn’t hear the voice I would never recognize him.
Best trilogy in heavyweight history.
Bald LL is weird.
Wasn’t no back and forth. Wilder got whooped smh. Got KOd by a guy not known for KOs! Either way fury is an elite boxer. Levels to this shit. I think wilder is finished if he don’t go back to basics
Tyson won't be able to lean his fat ass on Usyk like he did 3x times! vs Wilder.. Usyk would dance & punch Tyson silly
This was a great match. I give credit to Wilder for his heart but at the end of the day he was the loser by knock out. I never liked Wilder because of his big mouth. He's a sore loser, no class, no sportsmanship. I'm happy to see him humbled once again. Hats off to Fury!
Lennox so happy seeing the style he started thriving so well lmao
Weight? 30lbs Vs a body builder…ok
Legend! 👍🏻👍🏻
Well said Lennox if Tyson different have the weight he would of Lost that's all he's got
I can't see Usyk getting anything much done against Fury. He'll score, but I don't think he can hurt Fury to the head or body.  I also think if Fury is going to fight Usyk he should shorten his punches and concentrate on the body, because Usyk is a lot quicker than Wilder.  Go to Usyk's head with short compact punching late when Fury has been hitting the body and leaning on him to slow him down and wear him out.
Lennox lost his accent.  Speaking more American.
I like Deontay, but he is unlucky to be from the same generation.  They are like The Goat and Fraizer.
Is IFL telling me that Lennox wasn't brutally honest?  I'm confused..
I set myself an alarm clock cause it was 6 in the morning Here in Germany and wooooooow...this was an epic battle. I didn't know when i've got goose bumps Like this for an boxing fight. It have could be a movie so intense it was.  Love that fury beat the shit out of him cause of wilders stupid words before (my mind is violent bla bla....). And now we all can see wilders horrible Charakter cause of no respect and sportsmanship after the fight. Karma was on furys site. Hope Wilder will use smaller words in Future
Lennox Lewis and David Haye, the two biggest idiots in the sport IMO. It is ridiculous they are commentators and analysts when there are so many better boxers out there.
I am American, but Wilder lack of sportsmanship made me side with Tyson Fury ..... This has been the greatest heavyweight fight I ever witnessed... Gypsy King is a great Champion....
Best boxing fight i seen i a long time! Boxing needed this!
Deontay Wilder has to face Anthony Joshua.
Whys Lennox talking all american 🤣🤣🤣 bellend
i think wilder would destroy Usyk and Joshua or more accustomed to them and would easily win, but fury is a totally different game but in truth my heart goes out to Wilder as he shows the spirit and heart of the sport, well done Tyson.
Mr Wilder did not look to bright after getting hit that many times. Its the old addage lots of blows are better than a few hard ones. congratulations to the KIng The better man all round on at least three days!! Cheers
One is caught up playing the impassioned protagonist in one's Subjective Narrative of Self🎈
Class act as always
He’s just wasn’t the better fighter
Both guys need to be commended really gave everything we lucky to be around to witness this
If wilder would've went kronk after the amateurs he would've been a real fighter but he was just a puncher.
Does anyone know if Bellew made it home safe to his wife and kids after this knockout?
such a shame Wilder can’t take his defeats like a man - he showed great courage but his antics in defeat will tarnish his legacy
If these two are the best, I can’t imagine what the worst look like.
remember the film 300...."THIS IS....SPARTA!!!!....as tyson , kicks wilder, into the memory hole!...lol..
Wilder broke the golden rule of boxing and should never be forgiven for it, that rule is that you shake your opponents hand at the end of the fight and you accept defeat like a man. He couldn't do that so he himself has written himself into boxing history as a bad loser.
Shut up Lewis
Deontay fought well, but he's still a deluded prick
I am shocked at the disrespect Wilder showed after this fight. Sad… He is no longer one of my favorite boxers…
Lewis always a class act
Lennox is a great announcer.Brings lots of ring insights. And better yet he's a cool dude.
The best fight ever for me.....just incredible warriors
Wilder was a disappointment he said he was going to win but didnt
Lewis looks a lot different without dreads
Not being funny but fury would spark out usyk if he hit him like he hit wilder
I was thoroughly pleased with this fight. Fury is King of the Ring. Wilder shouldn't be ashamed any more than Frazier was after the Thrilla in Manila. Malik Scott did his job! Wilder should've come in @ 220 lbs , though...
Nie rozumiem.po muzynsku
Best HW fight in many years. I love boxing when the fighters get to choose the result. Fury is a monster and so fun to watch.
uppercuts were the game changer for fury
Fury has to to fight Logan Paul now
This was a better fight without so much cheating ...although his gloves sint have the necessary padding malik scott forgot to work on wilders conditioning had he been in better condition he might have had a chsnce to last 12 rounds
first fight was great, second fight was greater and the third fight was the greatest...
Im sorry, but how is this man 56?!?!?!!
the same thing I thought in the moment I saw the stats of their bodies, fury is waay bigger than wilder, only if wilder had a higher technique and fight iq than fury, he could do something against fury weight, cause at the end of the day there is a clear reason they separate categories by weights. in those clinches when fury put his weight on wilder you could tell that for sure the weight difference played a great factor.
I wanna see DW fight AJ..    😤       That way DW can get back to winning in a convincing fashion..
if fury had more power wilder wouldn't of lasted 6 rounds no defense at all hands down open to the right hand all night Lennox in his days would demolish him inside 4 rounds
All those training videos on you tube dental still didn't look ready
Clash Of Tatians/ Congratulations Fury....
I learnt so much about boxing tactics listening to Lennox on commentary for this fight.
A Classic Bout!!! Hager vs Hearns But the Heavyweight Version!!! 👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾The Gypsy King Reigns Supreme!!! Tyson Fury has Proven he's a Top 5 British Boxing Great, Furthermore he's the best Heavyweight since Lennox Lewis.
YOOOOO can somebody please tell me wtf is wrong with deontay wilder's balance and legs? we not lookin for any excuses for him FURY OWNED HIM HANDS DOWN but the man legs gets wobbly in early rounds without getting hit on the chin 😬 he's always off balance his conditioning is 👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿his performances against fury be stressing me out.
This dude in his prime and era  would destroy both DW and TF in this era
Let's go BRANDON
Fury definitely won my respect as a heavyweight champion & good sportsmanship
Wilder was insecure. I see his eyes in the fight changing, like he is being chased by a lion. If he would have been secure confident, he would have fought different. Big up to Fury!
Lewis needs to return and fight fury
possibly the best fight of the 3, Fury overweight and it showedwith less body movement ,Wilder improved but Fury naturally too strong and jabs and uppercuts just too much,could be he is the best in the lhis decade .
Fury is a boxing genius
Amazing fight!!!. That was the best hw championship fight in...forever!!! Much respect to both warriors and too Fury for the victory. Imho there isn't another fighter in the division that would've survived that version of D.Wilder except the 300lb Fury. No body!   Respect!!
Yes Tyson used his punching power and combinations. Great job. He is great at defending and avoiding punches too. So he can read his opponent can respond quick see what's coming and adapt. Simple. Amazing.
Give Fury an apology and move on Wilder fans
usyk is different Monster I said with AJ and people laugh will see
I'm a huge Fury fan but my hat goes off to Wilder he truly has a champion heart. Some of those shot no mortal can take. For him to not only get knocked down but to come back and still be in the fight just as dangerous was truly amazing. Keep your head up Wilder you showed heart and for that this fight will go down in history.
Usyk is the only fighter currently who has the actual boxing skills to match Tyson Fury .. Wilder a full on knockout artist near to none boxing skills, AJ much better than Wilder but evenly relies on his size and power to win not a great boxer .. if not for size massive size difference usyk could've easily given Fury his first L
Fury won like I thought he would by knock out , but it was a better fight than I expected. The key that I had said on different blog casts was wilder has a tendency to back up in the previous fights and I did not see that changing in the trilogy, the first round he came out aggressive but by the sixth he slowly started backing up to the ropes and that’s where fury was landing on him and roughing him up. Wilders stamina is a problem to. In training camp apart of his conditioning should have been a lot of holding and clinching. Because his previous fights came down to that also he needs to learn how to relax and fight loose and not be so tense double up on his jab constantly but when you pump the jab bring it right back don’t leave it out there.
🔥🔥🔥
Wilder had the wrong trainer and his corner his trainer was acting like Stevie Wonder and his corner. That man didn’t know shit.
Deontay wilder cheated again y'all never stop he had a 12 and 15 second count when wilder drop him twice in the 4 round once a cheater always a cheater challenge my video I dare anybody🤬🤬🤬🤬
Lewis is and always be the best boxer of all time his power and style was miles above anyone else and he best all the best boxers of all time
Fury teaches wilder a lesson in boxing simple
Wilder should of been working with Mike Tyson. I bet you Mike would take that fight right now.
when you have Lennox lewis and mike Tyson voting for fury all the way~
Its crazy the hate wilder gets after showing the heart of a champ started boxing at the age of twenty and won a bronze medal and heavyweight champion nothing to be ashamed of real champ fury is also a dog top notch skills and ring IQ and was bred to be a boxer from birth I respect both fighters I was rooting for wilder but props to fury and his team great fight
Back and forth? 😂😂 Hahhaha fury whipped him like he was back on the field bro
Damn in 1st i was thinking it was Gustavo Fring 😂😂😂
Such gracious generosity from a champ who ranks deservedly in everybody's top ten of all time.
It’s done. Nothing more to prove. KO.
Lewis is a GOAT
Leaning on your apponent is NOT dirty tactics whats so ever? Elbow throws and Low blows are... Thats adjacent to saying Ali's ropeAdope was cheating for allowing Foreman to lean and batter him to fatigue himself out and get knocked out because of it. Exessive clinching(or holding on for dear life) is when the ref must step in, but lean and mean with the inside game is part of the sweet science as I see it.
sloppy brawl, both showed heart, Tyson came out in worse shape then in two previous fights, Wilder apart form heart as always showed no skills
AJ is not a great fighter. Dont compare him with Tyson Fury.
That was the end of the Beyonce Wilder. Or he can go on cherry picking his opponents.
Deontay won my respect after this match!
Deontay needs to retire from boxing  😤😒😪🙄😑😫  totally. He has NO 🥊🥊🥊🥊 boxing skills at all. Fury is a big man  👨  carrying a  lot of weight. He  should run Tyson  Fury all around the ring and tire him out.
Lennox Lewis is a good ambassador to the sport of Boxing his analysis are great and he definitely knows what he is talking about. AJ totally disrespected this old timer and behaved with such arrogance towards him dont know if it is a black thing to square up and disrespect their elders but AJ just got lucky to win Tyson Fury's belts and now his lost them all to Usyk them belts always belonged to Fury and I believe Fury will win them back to become the unified heavyweight champion of the world.
These two guys defined boxing in our generation! Much love to these two LEGENDS!
Really brave for that camera guy to film this in his plastic bubble.
I dig A.J. as a person, and think that--remember this--he has a helluvalot more opportunities down the line OUTSIDE of boxing, than any of the other current players, in the entirety of the sport.  HOWEVER...  ...The level of which, he is OUTCLASSED by BOTH of these gentlemen, says that...he's in for an uphill battle in his attempt to regain his recently-lost title, to be SURE.  Salute, to Lennox: classy, as always.  Congratulations to Fury and Wilder, for making yet another piece of the fabric that shall be memorable, in boxing HISTORY :0)..................<3
From round 7 on I was screaming at my telly for Wilder's corner to stop the fight...man what a slaughter!
Props to Deontay, but the better man won.  Again.
wilder and fury combines wouldn't even make top 20 in the heavyweight division in LENNOX day , this is bum fights 2021 !
He's turned into Bernard Hopkins
I think Usyk can beat Fury
Neither fighter could have beaten Lennox in his prime.
In that 4th round, If not that he missed the about 3 punches that came after the straight right, he would have knocked fury spark out in that round. He missed several punches right after the right that brought fury down  After that right, he would have followed with a right upper cut but he came with a right hook and fury slipped it and falls to the ground.   To me that fall could have been deliberate to avoid Wilder's onslaught and use the opportunity to recover
Awesome win for the fans.
That weight on tyson weighed wilder down ...he did no conditionig to outshine  lack of boxing skill
Fury is now best UK HW ha??
Best fight ever! Wilder is such a warrior. Good fighter. Fury is a good fighter no doubt. He followed through with almost the same energy with which he started the fight. That's good of him. I personally have a lot of respect for Fury. He's a brother in the faith. We support him all over the world as Christians. His win is our win.
That ish broke my heart. Wilder is somebody I don't question ever. His heart is something else. Fury put himself in the Hall of Fame with this win. Wilder was down to die in that ring. Fury is just too damn big. Honestly,  I'd rather see these two again more than  Fury/Usyk. Fury matches up well with Wilder,  but I think Usyk beats him.
Usyk please don't fight Fury. He's unstoppable. Just keep smashing AJ and give it a go for Wilder. Wilder vs Usyk would be a good match. Fury is simply superior and would hurt Usyk.
What lennox Lewis said about putting weight is exactly what he did to mike Tyson.
Make this trilogy a marathon.
With this fight concluding the trilogy, this might be the best heavyweight trilogy of all time
Wilder is a warrior but fury is the champ HELLUVA FIGHT
Great champion fighters get up and come back Tyson has proved this now over and over.
2 thoughts after this fight: 1-This Wilder would absolutely demolish AJ; 2-Usyk’s angles can give Fury a lot of trouble.
Tyson has one belt, to be king of the division he needs all of the belts.
Glad Lennox is still around commentating and not brain dead like so many others sadly are..
Don't 4get Fury is always out of shape, just know how to fight
Lewis was a great and underrated champion.
Lukaku telling it like it is.
The only disappointing part of this fight, was the disrespect Wilder showed to Fury after once again who was the better fighter. Shame on you Wilder.
I thought it was string bell
WHAT A KO
This was on the same level as mike Tyson, Lenox Lewis, Ali etc...
The weight is the difference. Fury is just too big for wilder weight wise. If they weighed the same I think fury would be in a wheel chair by now. Wilder deserves all the credit hes being out weighed hugely by fury and still can put all that weight on in his bum. And his heart is so big. I salute you deontay wilder. Your a true great and champion in my eyes
Every penny spent was worth it
How you lose to a fighter with fat over lapping his pants..🤣 iknow how just stand there and dont move your head like wilder did. This wasn't a great fight this shit was boring more then anything with all that hugging going on. Everytime they fell it was from hugging tell me I'm lying..I'm glad I didn't pay for it
From what I could tell fury was whooping wilders ass let's just keep it real
sorry 'weightlifting'
I’ve noticed that both fights Fury hit Wilder in his ear . I don’t know if that was a part of his plan but that can throw a person balance off the whole fight. Both fights he was bleeding out of his 👂
If Tyson fought Usyk like this he loses. Usyk has that cardio
Like Lennox said after the fight.. Weithlifting  too much is not a winning strategy for heavyweights
One of the best fights I’ve seen respect to both fighters 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
“I think he’s the King of the Division” …….TRUTH !
Fury is the man.
Fury may have surpassed Lennox as the greatest British Heavyweight of all time.
But you said it was a slow count live
Congratulations to you all Fury fans ,  I said this before you started using abusive words ,  Moreover , What I can say right now is whenever they mentioned Fury's name in history of heavyweight division they will attached Deontay Wilder with it , like Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier , and Mike Tyson and Holyfield , I respect the guy.
BUCK BROKEN
There’s more than meets the eye to Tyson Fury, he’s clever, and as with most things, if you use your head, you’ll come out on top. Well done Tyson and what a character.
I'm boxing Wilder next
What a fight Tyson done exactly what Joshua should’ve done to usyk used his extra weight perfectly that’s the difference between the 2 fury has brains
Wilder need to learn how to box. He should of had Floyd Mayweather train him.
We are all witnesses to the greatest Heavyweight title fight in our generation! Both guys showed incredible ❤ and fortitude but in the end...11th round KO by Tyson Fury he showed why he's 1 of the greatest Heavyweight Champs ever!!! This was a...wtf type fight...insane
And yell really missed the ref stop his count at 6 seconds for like 3 seconds and then started again wilder got cheated again
Mijn respect gaat toch naar Wilders.Hij weet dat die de mindere vechter is.En toch blijft hij komen👊🏻👊🏻
Fight of the Century
Wilder stood no chance, he was tired at round 1.  This was not a “great” fight, it was a slaughter
Tyson fury the better boxer and he is 40 pds heavier.  Wilder is stronger for sure but skill + weight and size is key
An absolute classic! Too bad Wilder has no respect or sportsmanship.
AJ vs Wilder would be amazing to see now and it’s the perfect time imo! Then Usyk vs Fury
Wilder came into the fight heavier (keep in mind he gassed last fight coming in at 231). his output in the first 4 rounds was alot higher than most. So the tempo was much higher. He chucked right hands like crazy while trying to set it up with the jab. He missed a punch so he had to reset his entire body. on top of that Fury knew how to use his weight by bearing on him in the clinch. Wilder's legs to me were completely shot by the 5th. with no legs theres no power. there was a short flury by Wilder in the later rounds where he landed a few rights. if he had anything left in those legs he mightve garnered another knock down. no legs, no power.
Aj take note
After watching one of the greatest heavyweight fights of all time I can truly say both of these guys are winners with gigantic hearts !
His the Gypsy King !!
Love Lennox . Top bloke
The aggressive start was all a facade, it wasn't going to last long and Fury knew it. Wilder's greatest weakness is stamina and zero head movements. Look at those skinny legs! You can do heavy squats for a few reps in the gym but lifting Fury for 12 rounds can only get your lower extremities so far. Them legs lost the explosive power to get out of the range early on. The result: brain damage.
If Deontay Wilder has to pick the best time to retire in his career this would be it.
both fighter has a lionheart... thanks fury and wilder
Lewis the goat
i wanted wilder to win mans got heart, but fury proved the world he is the best heavyweight.
AJ , Wilder & Furry all have deficiencies in their fighting career but furry seems to have corrected his the most. AJ 50% boxing skills 50% power , Wilder 80% power 20%  skills , furry 70% skills 30% power.  However, furry seems to had an adjustment to 60% skills 40%. Wilder seem incapable of adjusting , AJ can adjust but he need to stop been the Mr Nice of boxing .  2016 - 2018 version of AJ may beat furry.
fury proved that he is the man now in the heaveyweight division ... wilder came with wrong plan .. he didnt need to bench press 310 or 350 to beat fury .. he needed to squat 225 for high reps to increase his leg power and to enable him to dance when getting hurt . bulking up with extra weight gained reduced his stamina . fury exposed wilder weakness ,, he is not complete boxer . you can't dominate the heavyweight division with only one mighty powerful punch .. you need to have the whole package . wilder showed alot of heart surviving till the end .. but game was over since he lost his stammina in mid rounds .
The great white hope does it again Disappointed with Wilder showing unsportsmanship like behaviour in this fight  just proves he is a moron after being beaten in the second fight also how many excuses did you come up with he was drugged Tyson's gloves were padded with something his entrance outfit was too heavy just a sore loser
Coward jumped up cheering like a cheerleader
Part 4 sometime later.
Bummy squan with how many bs excuses to come.....
They both had a lot of heart but little else I thought this fight stunk to high heavens seriously.
What a shame Wilder is incapable of humility and respecting his x3 conquerer.
B.s fight they cheated wilder again ...notice from the beginning of fight he was looking wobbly , weak , unenergized...
My hat goes off to you Lennox Lewis good brain
Only Lennox could give Fury a real challenge.
Fury knocked that bum tf out!😂😂😂
Fury greatest heavyweight of all time!
Wilder is a sore sport!!! He needs to get over his ego!
Fury is not unbeatable.
I want to see Usyk take Fury apart.
If Wilder adds head movements, jabs to his game plan and be consistent...its all over for all
Tyson is all time gr8 str8 up
Once Usyk knocks out Joshua in the rematch and Fury knocks out Whyte, should be finally get his shot. Hopefully we'll get Usyk vs Fury. 2 masterclass fighters!
Today its  like my birthday  sooo happy for gypsy King love from an Afghan fan  once upon a time i had a gypsy gf really nice ppl.. wilder became punching bag after the 4th round.
Lennox levis: my favorite boxer ever. 💪😎
I m disapointed but we know now who is the real heavyweight champion.
Lennox looks 10 years younger all of a sudden?
Fury defies all logic there is ZERO reason for someone to be 6’9 280 and be able to have that endurance and to rip body shots on the inside like he’s 5’7 Lol those inside uppercuts were NASTY those body shots he was ripping late in the fight it truly makes zero sense a man his size can do those things before he was a master boxer but with sugar hill he truly is a complete fighter any way you wanna go about it he’s ready you wanna brawl he’s got it you wanna box he’s got it you wanna inside fight he’s got that it’s amazing
🌬🌬🌬🎙Why are u dressed like throw back elementary sch👀l picture day?
Me and my friends took some shrooms and watched this. What an experience
Will wilder accept the loss?
Wilder use to proclaim he was the greatest heavyweight boxer of all time. Yeah okay
Is it me only but Deyonte Wilder cannot fight. He looks TERRIBLE. No rhythm. No balance. The worst jab ever. Swings wild, almost slapping while punching.  He could never beat a real heavy weight like Mike Tyson, Evander Holy field, Riddick Bowe, Buster Douglass, Ray Mercer, Bone Crusher Smith, and the lost goes on and on. Him and Anthony Joshua cannot fight. They both look like bums compared to the old heavyweights. If you agree please say how you feel for real about Deyonte Wilder. Terrible Heavyweight.
How hard to you have to get hit to bleed out of the ear?  I’m asking for a friend
#WhitesWinFights
Man, my heart was racing the entire fight. Truly one of the most exhilarating bouts of all time. Not a fan of Wilder but he showed incredible heart to survive Fury's relentless onslaught for as long as he did. Fury is without question  the greatest heavyweight of this era.
Wilder looked gassed after 3 rounds….what kind of training  are you doing if your that tired after 9 minutes of boxing…answer: the wrong type….his ear drum looked like it was busted again and he lost his balance….he should call it a day now.
K.O. of the year 100%
We the boxing public, deserved a fight like that! Pig iron and steel baby lol
Tyson won the trilogy 3-0. Fury wasn’t at his peak in this fight, wilder was and he still got dealt with
fury beat wilder with jabs and right hands for 8rounds..prime Lewis would’ve done that in one round.none of heavyweights today is puncher&skill&speed total pack.
Wilder needs to just run in training camp. Run run and more running, leg lifts and more running. It's just his conditioning I believe. Furys conditioning is really out of this world. Both warriors I give credit to. 2 of the best heavyweights in this era. Salute to both warriors #fury #wilder
Fury the best of my time and he is from wythenshawe ✌️🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Thats my mate... 😁😎
Tyson Fury's pretty fly for a white guy ...
Sleep Tight Wilder.
This man has always had a personality disorder. He’s British, he represented Canada at the Olympics and he considers himself Jamaican 🤦‍♂️
Class . Up there with best heavyweight  match ups of the 80s and  90s. Hats off to the pair of them. Fury would have given   any top heavyweight  of the 15 round  era  fits and   probably  beaten  them.
Thank you Fury & Wilder for give us the best fight of the year! Great Trilogy! Fury is the best! Still, Wilder knock him out twice in a round. Simply, the best against the best! I think Fury will destroy all the other. Wilder, head up! You had to hug Fury at the end Fury and talk to the press, to us actually. But, is ok. You guys give hope to boxing! We appreciate this! It was simply AMAZING!
Let’s be honest, as much as America hates it, Wilder was a poor boxer. A big hitter, but not a great boxer. Fury is a class act, a true heavyweight that would stand along side the legends of past eras. Wilder was never that.  Credit to both men, but when the dust settles, all but the most diehard Wilder fanbois will admit, Fury is the best all round fighter of the generation and has earned his place in the hall of fame.
Fury cheated. He had some Jesus dude helping him.
lmao lennox the second fight was not amazing😂
I just made 50 bucks from my brother let’s gooo
Bum fights the trilogy
That fight was crazy, both fighters showed alot of heart. And still................the WBC heavyweight champion of the world.......Tyson Fury.
Where are all the people that kept saying Fury has never defended a belt? Talk now!
I’m so grateful that I got to watch this heavyweight spectacle tonight this was the happiest I’ve been in recent years felt like Christmas as a child Tyson fury is one of a kind what a fight!!!!!!!!
Should have worked the body, that would will open up, the top. Amateur night, you can tell. No finesse, no skills, or plan of study,  just throw punches without stategy. Good fight my ass. Good fights are when they go the distance with action and skill, he got knocked down for the count (good fight, don't make me laugh).
AJ should learn from Fury, he does not joke when he is in the ring 😏
Who said fury can’t knock anyone out ? The gypsy king 👑
Wilder looks like a devil 😈 worshiper in that red dress...
(Give Jesus Christ a like everybody) Tyson fury spoke after this fight and said... first of all I'd like to say thank you to my Lord and saviour Jesus Christ! (Amen brother) In the mighty name of Jesus I won this fight again(preach to the world brother) I give Jesus Christ(=God) the glory and Jesus Christ(=God) gives me the victory(Amen brother) The truth  wilder has also realised that Jesus Christ is his Lord and saviour however even in defeat God has a plan for Deontay and us all. Tyson fury I hope and pray you continue to praise God for the blessings received.  honesty please don't ignore this important news... is there a heaven and hell after death? Jesus Christ(=God) is the only way into heaven! Now that you know this! act and do something about it. if you know there is fire ahead of you be smart/wise and wake up don't head towards the fire to suffer in discomfort forever. You now know the only way to avoid the fire (by being born again) accepting Jesus Christ as your Lord and saviour with all your heart and soul and everything you are.
it was well worth the money
Lennox being bald is really so weird to see lol
His gloves 🥊 are sweaty  Knees 🦵 weak  Mask 😷 was heavy  He's trying hard 😰 baby  But legs be thin like 🍝 mom's spaghetti  For another beating 🍑 Bum Squad is always ready!
https://youtube.com/shorts/TOAzAjerPsc?feature=share
Fury #1
Wow , what an amazing fight , , both going for it , , The beast prevails yet again , , they should go again next year , , Tyson was 277lbs , , that's big !!!
We love Lennox Lewis !
How do you lay your hands on a Goliath. 6,9 Tyson shouldn’t be allowed in the game of boxing!
Nigga trained his ass for a whole year and got tired after 9 mins 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️WTF
40lbs hurt wilder bad
Great fight but wilder is a child
Wise words from one of the greats. Fury is the king of the HW division 👑
Wilder lost this fight before it even happened by saying his legs were gone because of the weight of his ring entrance outfit from the second fight. That is a red light warning to Fury that if a 50lb outfit can drain Wilder's legs than what is his 270lb+ frame going to do when he leans on him?
Wilder fucked the culture up fr
I have to admit what Lennox Lewi said about Tyson Fury is true,his height advantage n body weight helped him.However,we have to admit that for his size,he sure can still move around pretty well,dogged and work fast on his jabs.He proved his skill n power against Vladmir Kilitshko in their bout n we can see that the Ukranian was big too just like him n lost.Didnt Wilder knock Fury down in their first flight.You got to have the skill,power n confident in the ring,even though height n reach advantage is on your side.That is what Olesander Usyk proved to Anthony Joshua in their bout earlier on.Usyk told a reporter,the size didnt matter but the spirit n Fury has that fearless spirit within him,which I always believe is a blessing from God,Jesus Christ,whom he professes to believe in.
Respect to deontay for going out on his shield 🛡 like a warrior. Great fight 👏 amazing skill and heart displayed
I have to admit what Lennox Lewi said about Tyson Fury is true,his height advantage n body weight helped him.However,we have to admit that for his size,he sure can still move around pretty well,dogged and work fast on his jabs.He proved his skill n power against Vladmir Kilitshko in their bout n we can see that the Ukranian was big too just like him n lost.Didnt Wilder knock Fury down in their first flight.You got to have the skill,power n confident in the ring,even though height n reach advantage is on your side.That is what Olesander Usyk proved to Anthony Joshua in their bout earlier on.Usyk told a reporter,the size didnt matter but the spirit n Fury has that fearless spirit within him,which I always believe is a blessing from God,Jesus Christ,whom he professes to believe in.
What a fight man. WHAT. A. FIGHT. #areYouEntertainedYet fuck yeah! Honestly one of the best fights i have seen in a long while. 👏👏
Get up and get up again. Dust it off. The fight is not over until it is over. What a victory, what a life lesson.
Sorry guys but i can see Usyk beating Wilder easily
Boxing is on a different level again because of Tyson Fury. He's fighting an unbelieve warrior in Deontay Wilder and he's finding ways to win. It's freakish. Wilder would destroy anyone, but Fury is so good he's finding ways to beat Wilder. Wow.
The commentary was unbelievably biased
0:31  Oh you thought it was just one question? 🤣
Лёня Льюйс бы их не почувствовал. 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤗🤗
The commentators were too bias
The way fury is built, he has the upper body structure to launch jabs and crosses effortlessly. Wilder has to use his entire upper back, takes a lot from the gas tank, just the way they are built alone.
Wilder let so many people down on this one.
Lennox Lewis, this champ knows how to work. i think even if he had choose another way of his life he is top 1 even in that life probably.
Wilder needs to retire !!!! Good bye
Respect for both of these fighters.The next heavyweight fights should be entertaining.Cant wait.
Boxing is a strategy Deontay Wilder looked  much better but he burned his self  out After the 6 Round his Legs was Gone you got to conserve that energy for the later rounds
Wilder still my boy
Fury has make doubters fans now
I love Lennox but who the fcuk got him dressed him last night 😂😂
Lennox knows the key to victory. Hes pretty much done it his entire career LOL.
Love Lennox 💪🏻🥊
Why is everyone referring to Lennox as Lenn-Ox now?
There is no one better give him all the belts but I know boxing won't let it happen
Tyson the resurrection believer.
they got down in that fight
Deontay had 1 good round, Tyson landed more than double the punches than Wilder. How the hell was it back and forth. Fury dominated the fight.
Lets hope Wilder and or his fans do not come out with any more excuses/conspiracy theories this time.
Whats the excuse now? I would not be surprised if the black dude will use the race card. lol
Definitely the 👑 of the division
You gotta jab the jabber 💥💥💥😂😂
looks like this was recorded on a boat
Fury stuck with the constant. Classic 1 2 combo and came away with the victory
At first i wanted Wilder to win. Then i heard the debate they had where wilder said it would be my god vs your God and that he had an alter ego that showed up....i knew it was a wrap after that. Fury had conviction to prove his worth and he deserved that win. Shot out to Wilder tho for the courage. I didnt know wilder got down with the dark side. No pun intended
Lennox"The Lion" One of my top HW of all time. Trained by the legendary trainer Manny Steward of Kronk Gym in Detroit.
Man them fucking glove's Tyson had no pads again
There ain’t a fucking way usyk is beating Tyson he’s a cruiserweight one one two from Tyson and he’s on the floor
Fury was too much for Wilder.
I’d love to see these guys fight heavyweights from the early 20th century. Probably would get demolished though
Tough back n forth ? Lmao wilder got him with 1 shot in the 4th the rest of the fight fury dominated him .. there was no back and forth
Wilder is still a sithouse no respect,
Wilder has back problems. He should’ve postponed the fight. I noticed in a Vlog after the weigh-in when he was being presented with a gift by “BLM” on Blue Blood Sports TV
i like how everybody was shitting on Wilder before the fight and now these same people are all like "wow Wilder showed incredible heart!!!" lmao, anyways, Fury proved he's the better boxer 3 times in a row, do they need him to prove a 4th ffs? dude outboxed Wilder the whole fight but Wilder's so powerful he still could knock him out at any time, just like he nearly did with those 2 knockdowns
Fury’s engine is insane.. 280lbs and didn’t stop coming forward
*I enjoyed the fight but it just looked like Wilder game plan didn’t change no matter how much he trained, once the round gets going he goes back to praying on that right hand and tiring himself out too quickly…..Fury is the real Undertaker tho cuz this man always gets back up like nothing happened* 😂
Wilder scored 2 knock downs in one round and that couldn't finish off Fury 😲
All I can say ! Is what a fight ! Big respect to Wilder ! He hung in there until the end. Fury will go down as one of the all time greats . It chokes me to say that as an AJ  fan but I can't hide the fact from what I saw this morning ! Great fighters are born and not made and Fury is one them.
Boys Fury is a 🐐🐐🐐🐐 He only beat wilder but the man has thee biggest balls in boxing... what a fight!
Fury. Usyk. Wilder. Joshua.
lennox would smack these two on his prime
He made all those excuses and still got knocked the fuck out the fight was not even  close everybody talking about the good fight what the fuck was you watching
What a great fight fight, beaten each others from Round 1 till Round 11, 9ice 1 guy's
Fury had energy late. Deontay was tired late
lennox lewis used to be Tyson fury's BIGGEST HATER 10 yrs ago.
Dat boa Lennox look like he was tryna rush up out of there to get to sum pussy 😭
What's his excuse this time?
Lost my voice and I watched it at home
TYSON FURY TKO's DEONTAY WILDER | TRILOGY https://youtu.be/WmPGBakYcyE
i had wilder up 11 rounds, early stoppage
I wonder what deontay will blame for his loss this time?🤔
Would be great to see next - Fury X AJ  - Wilder X AJ Usyk and Andy Ruiz can pick up from whatever leftovers remain  Fury is truly the best (Speaking as a former AJ fanboy)
Fury will do usyk like lennox did david tua play with him
Guys im not gonna lie deontey wilder will put AJ in st. Thomas hospital 🏥
Tyson is a good guy but Wilder has the heart after all! it is all about size between these 2 if you ask me
This fight reminds me of 80s and 90s
No more excuses. Fury could have knocked him out sooner than he did if he wasn't waiting for so long
Bald Lewis looks like Alonzo Mourning
Wilder was beyond a let down….I have no clue why he did not train speculation on ,DEFENSE,ENDURANCE,AND COUNTER!!HANDS DOWN!We know he has the power for knocking out opponents but thats it.Thats all he has.And goin against a opponent like Fury who has multiple aspects you need more than power🙄. So hopefully he takes this loss like a man and for the love of God no excuses m. He didn’t train like he wanted it and thats 100% his fault. Guess this one wasn’t for “THE CULTURE “
Wielder is going to blame it on the rain!!!
This fight was entertaining , that's all. Fury dominated . All this fight proved was  all the other opponents on wilder's resume are literally bums. Fury has now gotten up 4 times and beaten wilder. Fury is Wilders first real top class opponent. Wilder sucks. End Of!!
We not gon talk about the slow count on the second knockdown in round 3 cus it was def like 13 secs but was a great fight both man got balls of steel they both got  knocked down and got back up and kept taking hits it was like them fake moments in wrestling when both men are tired but trading punches one at a time wobbly but won’t fall!
"CARDIO" WINS
Every body keep saying good fight wilder maybe won 2 or three rounds other nine he got his ass beat
Daaaaaaaaaaaaamn 3rd shift made me miss it
How can he let a big fat allocate man beat him hes beat him and then he calls himself a king Black fighters aint like the used to be What happened to the black Warriors And the heavyweight division
Lennox Lewis changed his mind more than the weather!! Wouldn’t listen to this guys review if my life depended on it
Great fight, Fury buried the bronze bum for a 3rd time.
What a fight salutes from GTO Mexico qué pelea nos dieron Saludos desde GTO México
Wilder will bounce bac beat that division improved and fight fury again hopefully.
There was admiration for the wilder’s warrior spirit  but he has no grace or respect for his opponent or for the event. The Gypsy King is unstoppable.
Wow Fury never gets tired at all hey, it's like he is not in a fight. For his weight it's incredible I must say. I watched Joshua and Usyk, very fit guys and they were exhausted.
He still looks fuckin good does Lennox
Wilder would smash Joshua and Usyk I know I butchered his name.
Awesome fight!
Wilder…”god did me dirty, gods a racist” wilder gon convert to Islam now after all he calls himself “bomb squad”
I knew it'll be a good idea to wake up at 5 am to watch the fight. Two great warriors with so much heart.
Oh damn Wilder not again.
Do you think he’s the king of the division right now ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha fuck Hilarious of course he is the king Is the king of all boxing
See THE KO ON MY CHANNEL
💥💥CHAT SHIT GET BANGED 💥💥
The ref was AGGRESSIVE he was almost part of the fight
Wilder... Over... And OUT...! 😂 FURY IS THE GYPSY KING 👑
WILDER WAS GASSED...
This is the difference between someone who knows how to box and someone who just be throwing wild punches
Terrible trainer Wilder had and that crew that hangs around him. Why would you expect to win.
Yep Fury done him when fatigue set in, nothing to do with power, he’s still got pillows as fists, otherwise he would do em early on, Fury starts to knock em around when there almost falling over, get hit by the kilts hole punch that knocked down AJ, I guarantee Wilder and Fury would be out cold, that’s power punching
Tyson was and is just to good for wilder
Something tells me lennox is a little miffed that tyson won the fight 🥊
That happened when you put the person you beat to be your coach
Big pay night for Tyson.
I wish Lennox was still in his prime as him and tyson would be nutsss
I feel like wilder must feel right now. Total disbelief but the proof is in the pudding and no excuses to be made this time. Congrats to Tyson. And prayers for wilders return.
The Suede Suit was too heavy…
I was worried for Tyson after seeing 3 American judges (for a scorecard decision) and the ref preventing the two of them from clinching during the fight. As Wilder started with body shots the ref kept the fight at range but Fury adapted really well and changed it up so Wilder was on the back foot the whole time
Fight of the year so far. If not this then Chocolatito vs Estrada.
It’s just a trip how white boys have risen to the challenge everybody fucking hates us they blame us for everything even though it’s all horseshit yet our champions are out there beating the shit out of everybody else’s I’m so proud of Tyson fury tonight truly the greatest heavy weight of all time and not the best time to be one
Both guys are legends.. Fury is the best HW in the world
Fury is lucky. Wilder only lost because he got hit with 97 lucky punches to the face.
Lennox Lewis one of the greatest heavyweights of all time HOF. Always classy broadcasting and talking about other boxers. Congrats to Fury!
The whole traveler community got a big fat pay check, top man
And one more time, blood flowed from Wilder. I hope he call it quit.
Wilder post fight interview!! You heard it here first!!!  Wilder:‘Fury’s wife was staring at me between rounds, that’s why I lost’ Wilder:’My coach had me put on to much muscle that’s why I lost the fight’ Wilder: ‘He changed gloves in between rounds and cheated that’s why I lost’ Wilder:’ I wasn’t knocked out a contact lens fell out and went down to look for it’  Wilder :’Fury had the wrong music playing on his ring walk and that’s why I lost’
Wilder got knocked the F**k out and bloody right to disgusting sportsmanship from the sulky yank so glad Fury knocked him out now wait for all the exscuses 😂😂😂😂
Lennox is the biggest bum now he’s a shit commentator!!!!! Never want him on commentary again
In the end wilder is a loser, lost all 3 fights, and will come out with more excuses.
Great fight, let the excuses fly in 3, 2, 1... anyone care to guess first?
I feel they should have ended the fight earlier because wilder looked out of it about be knocked out.. Can't believe they actually legit wanted to see him he layed out like that. Damn but let's goo tysonn bruuh showed real boxing skill.
Big John is a happy dad today
He's really big like you were to Mike Tyson Lennox.
Prime Lennox Lewis would have wiped the floor with Fury.
That's Lennox Lewis did (putting his weight on him) to win against iron Mike Tyson
Lewis v Fury would of been 🔥🔥🔥
Great fight 🕵️‍♂️
I remembered the 90s . It was classic
Wilder shouldn't be ashamed of this loss... He should take it like a champ, not make excuses and move on. From the looks of this fight i don't see anybody beating Wilder other than Fury. Fury is a beast...
lennox lewis is so bad at commentary
I have been predicting a fury knockout for the last year. But the truth be told after watching the two knockdowns by Wilder Tyson fury lost this fight. The first knockdown I timed with the stopwatch and fury got up at 9.84 seconds and the ref was at 7. The second knockdown I timed at 10.98 seconds and the ref was at 8.. Wilder should have won this fight
Lewis what happen to your dreads?
As Fury said it himself  'I'm the best and he's the best after me' AJ has nothing on either one of these warriors!
Lost and no sportsmanship. Well the clowns he hangs around what would you expect right.  Tyson also had a much better trainer.
Wilder just isnt that good. Fury didnt need to do much jus avoid right hand and then power shot wilder who has no chin or legs
I’m right again, Tyson fury victorious, now AJ vs usyk in rematch. AJ will win. Then the mega fight bragging rights Tyson Fury vs Anthony Joshua, biggest heavyweight championship fight ever. Both are controversial fighters. Same country, doesn’t like each other. Biggest purse in boxing history, block buster in pay per view. Winner takes it all. Bragging rights and Fames. No rematch. One time match.... can’t wait...
Ring was too heavy...
Tyson smashed him into retirement
No one wanted to see a trilogy, now people are asking for a season.
To white supremacist donate wilder got beaten still a few trillion to go
The scorecards was 94-92 at the time of the stoppage,  glad he dealt that 18 wheeler punch right there in the end. That first fight was enough corruption for this trilogy
Wilder really gassed after 2 rounds, Malik must have spiked his drink 🥴 nervous energy they said 🤡 Wilder once again leaves the ring without a interview like the bitch he is!! Fury is officially his daddy!
What accent does Lewis have now? Lol
Wilder lost a lot of respect after those excuses he made after the 2nd fight. Personally I was disappointed too. Having said all that what a man, a warrior he is. No ones gonna laugh at him now. Of course great win again for Gipsy King. What a fight it was.
Tyson Fury got levels brilliant game plan fight inside, Wilder needed an uppercut! Wilder needs CARDIO AND SQUATS NOT BENCH I WISH SOMEONE HAD ENOUGH GUTS TO TELL HIM THIS. Really FURY IS THAT GOOD RESPECT TO HIM. Fury reminds me of Bernard Hopkin he knows the tricks and when to do them
Fury really the best of his era
Is it just me or is wilders footwork genuinely shocking and looks super immobile at almost all times wow. Guy looks nailed to the ring most of the time.   Go back and watch entire round/any round your choice.... focus on one guy for that whole round then vice versa on the other guy wow its night and day jeeeez Fury floats and wilder just looks flat footed af. Thoroughly enjoyed that one. 👍👌
Fury is a man of pride come on us fury fans stop with the memes wilder showed heart
Absolutely agree with Lenox, another great champion.👍👍👍
SMH, people have no idea what they are looking at these days,  wilder had no business in that ring, he was gassed out by the 3rd round his legs were unsteady from the first round, he’s top heavy, muscular upper body with tooth pick legs, he has 0 conditioning, no head moves, no technique and moves straight back to avoid punches, His ears were bleeding blood & he hardly knew where he was…his trainers should ran from the sport sending him into the ring like that..  That right there is how people die in the ring, that was a complete disgrace.
0:35 lol
Killing Lewis to say Tysons name -- killing Lewis to say Tyson won
One of the best fights I've watched. Fury truly is the best heavyweight since Lennox Lewis.
Wilder was awful bar the first round/ A very limited boxer.
Tysons gloves are sus and will always be sus.
*Now wait for all the Fury knock down 'Slow counts' excuses coming from the Wilderettes...*
Prime Lewis vs fury.. Who ya got?
Love Lennox - Love Fury
Lewis has a very  subtle British accent haha  not very pronounced, wonder if that's intentional?
What a fight best most intense fight iv ever seen and just goes to show how dangerous heavyweight boxing is and these guys really do risk there lives
What a fight! Best heavyweight fight in years. Both boxers deserve great credit for their heart but Tyson is unreal.
Fury the Spartan warrior
Lennox and ward had money of wilder.  You saw it right after that ko.
I think usyk outboxes fury
Deontay it was a slow count wilder, excuses already flying.
Twerking Tay Tay got swept like trash.
GOODNIGHT GOBSHITES!!! 🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧 🤣 You're boy just took 1 hell of a beating!!! #BUMBSQUAD #EXCUSEBIBLE #EXCUSENEWTESTEMNT #CRYMEARIVER #350KGEGGWEIGHTSINEACHGLOVE #TYSONFURYNEVADALASVEGASINHISPOCKETCHEATER #MYGODSAPUSSY #DEONTAERINVENTED😂 #DEONTAEREVENGE #IMSHITANDDEONTAESHITWHATAMIGUNNADO?IMGUNADOSHIT🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻 HAHA DICKHEADS
Some might get mad but out of all we have seen I said Tyson is the best wilder second he shows heart no one can discredit that and usyk 3rd unless Joshua wins rematch
The man Fury is down with Jesus Christ and wilder with all that let "spirits" into your body garbage🗑 well the man Tyson Fury is filled with THE ONLY SPIRIT YOUR SUPPOSED TO LET INTO YOUR BODY THE HOLY SPIRIT! Im not surprised he won! Jesus the way the truth and life!💪🏼 congrats to Fury! Wilder needs to stop playing with those evil spirits that he thinks are helping him! 🙅🏻‍♂️
Incredible fight.  Credit to Wilder for his heart, even if he is an unsporting little bitch. Let's hope there are no excuses
What a sad pathetic excuse of a man wilder is. I don't care that he showed massive heart in this fight
Next Wilder vs aj and fury vs usyk
Classic
Mayweather > Fury
Absolute legend Lennox! 🥊 what a roller coaster that was. A show of heart and power
King of the devision
Is it time now for …..SIR Tyson Fury…..Mental strength of Tyson is formidable.
Another trainer to be blame and get fired~wilder
Tyson a better fighter but if Deontay would keep his hands up to prevent Fury from landing so many free shots to his face that’s the first thing they teach is you keep your hands up..and Deontay didn’t throw any upper cuts which was open all night Don’t know what his trainer was doing Respect to Both fighters
Definitely the King of the division. Lets hope AJ or Usyk rise to the occasion
I wonder wats wilder excuses
Hats of to both Fighters both have great hearts!!
"It wasn't the right rap song" or "i hurt my legs when i stretched over the rope into the ring" type excuses to follow in the coming days.
Fury won fair and square no excuses. still bomb squad!!!!
Wilder HATER Lennox Lewis
My heart was racing the entire fight! Truly one of the most exhilarating bouts of all the time. Wilder showed incredible heart to survive Fury's relentless onslaught for as long as he did. Furry is without a doubt the greatest heavyweights of this era. There is only one Tyson Fury ☝🏼💯
I'm a big fan Lennox Legend  I was hoping for wilder to win but the best man won great champ fury.. what a fight 👏
Best trilogy of all time
The third fight was not even close. Fury dominated the fight after round one. Deontay is an embarrassment to boxing and the black community. Pathetic ‼️
no excuses this time. wilder gave it everything
That was hands down a great fight🤯
Nice to see Lewis give both fighters a great fight but how awesome Fury was 11th round ko fury wins
Excuses or not idgaf it was a good fight stop tryna bash wilder because u won’t fight him
Wilder 3 fights in 2022 and then 2023 have another go for the belts, if he loses retires.
what's wilder's excuses this time??
The best fight I've ever watched (live). Wilder's heart is insane, Fury's too (had to edit the comment because people dont realize im relatively new to boxing and I meant live!) My god...
Best heavyweight on the planet
BUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM SQWADDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD3-0
Lennox looking slimmer is he back in training for a possible super fight 💪
Tyson vs Usyk isn’t a good fight. Much respect to Uslyk but c’mon lol
Tyson Fury win and  in this fight he was only at 50%
Wilder is straight up thrash... bring the excuses
Wilder surprised me, he should move forward with Malik and not give up. Congrats Fury we appreciate you 🇬🇧
Lewis in his prime would shit all over both them bums. Fury & Wilder only get to survive in an era where no real heavyweights exist. In the REAL Tyson era when Lewis, Bowe, Holyfield and a few others were around, Fury and Wilder would only make sparring partners. Fact.
Yyeeeeehhhh I put a lot on Fury... Gon be a lot of sad wilder fans tonight when they see me come around
apparently David Haye is putting his words in the microwave to eat for breakfast
Fury Wilder  Usyk.  In that order
The ref was shocking though - clearly trying to help Wilder by breaking the clinches early and then when Wilder was gassed out later on the ref let him hold because he was tired.
Bum squad. He keeps talking about blood and always end up in blood. He should retire.
Wilder got what he wished for, going out on his shield. Shame he has no sportsmanship and respect
Such a great fight but felt like Fury was purposely dragging the fight on when he could’ve ended it sooner. The way he was tiring Wilder was smart tho.
Fury was at 60% and still laid a beating on him
Fury by KO as predicted. Bit later than I thought though and he made it hard for himself though walking straight into Wilder's right hand lol. Wilder showed a lot of heart though so fair play to the man for making the trilogy more competitive than the 2nd fight - which wouldn't be hard since he didn't win a single round lol.
Wilder got battered 🤣😂🤣😂
The pugilist has spoken. Great fight back and forth action in the beginning. Latter rounds wilder was always gonna tire. Full respect to Fury for coming out with the win executing an excellent game plan, Wilder same as last time was the sore loser again
Tyson is number 1. The Ukrainian guy is number 2. Wilder is number 3. Anthony Joshua is number 12 based on his fights
That was a great fight. I have a new respect for Wilder
Get lost lennox!
What a fight. So proud of Tyson Fury, not only did he beat up Wilder, he showed dignity at the end in admitting he was in a proper fight. The same can't be said of Wilder who continues to be in denial. What excuses will he have ready this time. I will give him one. MAN UP YOU WERE BEATEN 3 TIMES BY THE FAR SUPERIOR FIGHTER. Tyson you made this Lancashire Lad proud as punch.
fury said hell retire wilder .....hes a man of his word ....only one gypsy king!
Neither man's will would be broken so the more skilled fighter won
Wen wilder put fury down, there was a shit stain on fury shorts....
Sadly, Wilder will never be the same man after this mentally and physically traumatic event. Fury took his pride, confidence, and diminished his health.
Wait for the excuses……..they will start with…..the count when Fury was down was too long……wait for it,it will come!!!🙄🙄🙄🙄.  So glad Fury put a stop to him 🥊🥊
eventhough in my kitchen it was hard avoiding lennox spit blasts
Thank you Tyson Fury for turning my bookies bet into £7 grand winnings.
Wilder conditioning was terrible.. Fury beat him with weight and heart. Wilder don't need to fight fury anymore..
fury is the best HW since lennox. what a fuckin fight! props to wilder, hes a lion!
I wonder what excuses Wilder’s gonna come out with by next week
BUMMM ZSQUADDD 😂😂🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🥊👊🏿🥊👊🏿🥊👊🏿
im hoping deontay wilder comes up with more excuses
Two warriors.
How Can You Not Respect Deontay Wilder What A Warrior Both Of Them Are The Greatest Of This Era. Respect To Tyson Fury My Heart Goes Out To Wilder I’m Just Speechless What A Brutal Fight.
Now Malik Scott will get fired for sharing secrets to Fury
Lennox what was the key for Fury to Win? “ Grappling, I think wilder needs a wrestling coach for all that holding”
Wilder got no class lost for 2nd time n don’t give fury respect pathetic n will probably run away from the Post match interview wilder a bitch boy for that no respect hope he Retires !!
Whats the excuses gonna be? The gloves again? Malik spiked my water?
And now blacks that stop they are going to put Gloves The slipper Water Not even for the help of seconds from the referee and commission Fury pone ko a usyk en 8
THE BUM SQUAD DOSSER GOT SPLATTERED! 😂🔥
Fight of the year. Best fight out of the trilogy. Deontay showed a lot of heart. Tyson Fury proved once again he’s the true heavyweight champion of the world
What a fight
Fury cant win without cheating
wilder lost because of his toxic fans. ldbc baby
Tyson fury is the best ever
