lol, fast-forward to now, ramattra is one of the best tanks 🤣
Hm… I smell something regarding time, and changes…
Mmm Actually It is 75%
Boy, watching this when he’s arguably one of the best tanks in the game sure is fun.
The hero got released and we suffered as he have😂😂
Dont tell me he is bad or good.  I want to play as a robot wizard with a techno staff. AND NOTHING WILL STOP ME
Damn, can’t wait to try him. He looks so cool!
This has the same feeling as those old minecraft mod showcases.
My god this is a year ago and now its funny to watch how much change in the game
Hes hot tho
This aged poorly lol
this aged well, because as everyone know ramattra is currently the worst tank by far, terrible, countered by everyone and shouldve never been added. hes DEFINITELY not on of the best tanks in the history of the game and at least the second strongest in the meta right now.
Oh boy was he somewhat wrong about ram being bad, i main him and I can say even to people that counter him hard, just a little smart playing around them and he can turn the tide back in his favor. Hell Orisa is a counter to him and I crush them easily. His ult tho is definitely op as it’s a push and charge to win button especially if you got Ana nano and mercy damage/heal. I killed a team once in about 5 seconds with that combo. Overall tho he’s a very strong tank if played well
7 months later. Rammatra is still an A tier pick
flays usually has good opinions but yeah he got ram completely wrong
This is such a weird video because he was foretold to be bad and then he’s one of the best tanks, yes this is in season 4 rn but he was still pretty good on release.
Aged like milk
Top ten videos that aged poorly, Number 10...
now he is definetly busted....
well this video hasn't aged well
The way you asked people to subscribe made me subscribe
Sym actual hard counters his ult
Maybe not OP, but that AOE slow is extremely useful.. Maybe in the upper tiers this is less of an advantage
Foarte frumoasa melodia.Felicitari amândurora.
even though the tether is not that high,  it is almost never used to tether a pharah or mercy.
Well he thought wrong 😂
Git gud vibes
youre just at the game
fu
Kinda disappointed. Was really hoping for a good Pharmercy counter, so to see this is super underwhelming. My friends and I make jokes how Blizzard act like some Indy Devs, and it is stuff like this that makes it feel like this is the case sometimes. I'm sure he can be fun in qp, but I'll just wait for the rework.
It’s mildly amusing to me that Ramattra’s big boy duration meter acts as a good crosshair for his punches. Just something I noticed when he was showing the punch projectiles hitbox
so his only use is for punching through shields and for controlling choke points
Seems like when Blizzard has a fun tank design it ends up being very underwhelming
Thanks again, Blizzard for the false advertising!!!
Hey boogie hope your money troubles get fixed!!!!
We don't search for old songs, we search for old memories
I found myself singing I still believe by mariah carey to this beat
average overwatch player
Can we just get a character that doesn’t have a. Shield as an ability
Squishy tank needs constant healing
Oh nooo, a character with abilities that don't work against EVERY SINGLE character in the game!!! I watched this video before playing against an enemy Ramattra, and I just knew this was bs and nitpicking. It's a tough tank to go against, they'll have to nerf his ult for sure
Why is your name flats while you are not flat at all? U should be called fats, makes moer sense
I think he's fun... But if the enemy team starts to try hard I have to switch unless I want to just take the L
I mean he's new. There will be buffs like any other hero
Flats please try to diet or lose weight. Don't pull a Wreckful 😔im sure your diabetes is hurting you
Seems very strong in pubs.
Imo he is annoying with good supporters that heal him... and if you can actually aim he is annoying to fight
Ramattra is what seems like the first anti diver tank. Have enemies dive in use e on em and shift to nemesis for punch through. And his ultimate is great for scattering teams. Puts a lot of pressure on em.
he looks like a discord mod
Not early its literaly 6 december
omg i was wondering my my ult would randomly stop or felt like it was so short, it was cause i kept accidently clicking my mouse button which is bound to ramattras nemesis form. thats such a dumb feature to have i hope they fix it soon.
His vortex should be able to target fliers in the air and suck them down Similar to Sigma's ult but reverse. and also create force field after that in the area they landed.  His Nemesis punches should do more damage around 80-100 per punch.  His ult damage is way too low. 1 healer can outheal it no prob. and make him move a bit faster to catch down squishy.  His shield cooldown is too long I think should be around 10-12 sec at most.   Andd Give his base form some blue shield. I think he is wayyy too squishy. almost lose 1v1 with to half cast of dps.
Depends on how you use him. I got pretty good with him
I always thought the vortex was going to make it so you were unable to leave it at all but didn't..
Awesome video bro you’re the man!!
Feels balanced
Blizzard have cornered themselves with their new approach. People have to pay money for early access to the hero. If the hero is bad they're going to complain, if the hero is good people will complain it's pay to win.
I like him feels fun I like how he looks he feels comfortable
Overwatch needs to keep adding heros if they want the game to be successful. Id rather 50-60 heroes with less balance than 36. People will always use the best heros in ranked anyways so adding more heros just makes casual more fun.
They should make the vortex detonatable so you can throw in the air and bring air units down.  Horizontal momentum should also be drastically decreased inside vortex.
Trailer for Rammatra “Bad Ass”  Actual in-game “Not a bad ass”
welp at least Flats convinced a lot of people it seems xd just queue up and play him or against, then u can really appreciate how broken Ramattra is. I know he is trying to clickbait like, "everyone is saying that he is op, so if i say that he isnt", wow controversial xD but after playing the patch (in a 5 v 5, with a supp playing for him) how broken he really is
I literately spent the $10 to Beth the battle pass opening day and it still won’t let me get. Keeps saying “error trying to purchase”. Made me so done with the game. New hero release used to be one of my favorite days, now the game is a pay to play buggy shitfest
People say he's bad, but I've been doing so good with him and getting so many kills and a lot of potgs, so Idk how he's bad
give him 15m on the punches and i think thatll be better , i do see what you mean alot about everything honstly  and the pull down yeah that gotta figure that one out
I feel like for his Vortex it should disable any movement abilities while inside and maybe reduce the width and increase the height or even remove the slow and have it disable movement abilities  something has to be done or he will become F tier in the next week
Skill issue L+Ratio
U just play him the wrong way
Lol I thought he was good. I was trashing on ppl. Ppl think he's bad cuz their at bad mechanics
hes too versatile to be bad
I was hoping that Ramattra would bring me back to Overwatch since they’ve ruined the game by taking out the feature where you can find a team to play with which means no communication during comp games which means it’s pointless. Why? Cuz it’s a team-based game. Teamwork wins the game every time. I played some Ramattra, he’s kinda fun but overall a little underwhelming since you need a healer up your butt to live longer than 3 seconds.
Being bad with a character does not mean the character is bad. He’s hella fun a great tank.
He just feels like a gimped Sigma to me
Okay but as a junk main myself when ramattra does his ult couldn't junk just throw down a concussion mine under himself and propel out of the field? I'd like to see a clip of u testing it lol
didnt even get access when he came out
yeah he doesn't seem that good but he seems like a fun character so ill probably play him a lot
A quick fix would to just make it so you can’t use movement abilities in the circle.
"If every character sucks ass, they all are equally good" - Blizzard probably
Dude idk hes kinda op once you know how to use him I killed a whole team with him.
So hes TRASH?
A wild REDDIT MOD appeared!
Nah I think you're bad at him. Seen players destroy with him. Also the anti air isn't supposed to stop everyone especially if they're high above it. There's a limited range.
Community : Players need brain to play him so he's bad
He is so hard to take down his health needs a reduction of atleast 50...
Unfinished character?
this was an amazing write up, but i would like to see you add a section of things you think could help make him better, or what changes could be made to see him played at all skill levels.
To me he seems like he was designed for the classic 6v6 format rather than the 5v5 format. He’d be great with another tank on his side
Poking tool.. What are you playing? A fighting game?
I was hoping to use Ramattra as a reason to come back to overwatch, but after seeing this I might wait to see if they balance him better smh
No movement, no real crowd control, no real survivability.  I can already see a demand for a rework.
That hero is literally sharding all over the place. Who thought this sound was a great idea. @00:44
Rematra sucks! Since release nobody is using him. Once u try him once or twice u realize how incredibly weak and slow he is , everyone gives up on him and passes. Wat a waste of a cool character. He need a huge buff on everything
This one was 1000x better
Ur doomfist reaction andy video. Was so brain dead n cringe. Worst video ive seen in the past few months
he was a cat fish
The problem is that you need to be pocketed to do well and even then he still loses to most of the tanks and dps in mid to high elo even with a pocket. And in low elo you need to hope your healers have all of their knuckles and your enemies aren’t editing their health bar to only display the number 0.
You say all of this, but as a semi-casual and low tier player.  Me and my friends go ape mode with that guy.  Hitting 15K Dmg and 30+ kills with him seems so easy for our tank When all the other dmg is hitting only 6K max.  I guess he might be bad in high tiers.  But for us down here just chillin. Hes super strong and pretty fun.
No they did not market him as a brawl tank. It was a "tempo" tank.
find it strange that sigma absorbing blackhole does not absorb the punches since they seem to be projectiles.
This is just a crappy version of orisa wtf 😒
I mightve missed it but Ramattra also fires through shields with the punch and it pierces the target.  So it goes through a Rein shield, through a Rein and the people hiding behind him.
Looks like we have our new Doomfist before buffs
I forget that Ramattra has a Nemesis bc I love using his Void Accelerator
yeah as much as I'm enjoying playing him, like he's super fun. he feels very weak and easy to kill/be killed. if you don't have dps to back you up, and support to help you out that are capable, he's pretty ass. his trailer was definitely very misleading to what he actually is, like his shield needs a big buff its almost pointless. fun though either way good addition to the game
Genji can dash out of the cyclone as well
Just some buff ideas. Increase the punch distance to be somewhere between 12m or 14m the punch just feels too short and needs a bit more distance. Definitely increase vortex's height to at least give him something other tanks can't do. His ult seems to come online way too often at least in the few games I've played so perhaps increase it's price and give a bit more damage.  P.S I was expecting his ultimate to heal himself while it damaged enemies and was a little surprised it didn't but I don't how that would've effect the gameplay as something like that might've pushed him into overpowered.
After using him several times, I think his abilities are interesting and his design is cool, but he's easily the most fragile tank. He needs waaaaaay too much support or else he dies easily. He just doesn't feel tanky at all. Most tanks feel very durable, but when I use Ramattra, I always feel vulnerable and notice my health drops very fast compared to the other tanks. When I'm a tank and I see the enemy tank is Ramattra, I feel no need to back away from him because the vast majority of the time I can kill him without struggling much. I was never on the band wagon when people thought he would be broken, I don't know why people thought that 😆. As soon as I saw he had no mobility, no self heal or armor, a vortex with no height , and slow punches in the trailer, I knew he wouldn't be that OP.  Personally, ​I think there should just a swap cooldown for both forms, maybe 2-3 seconds between both forms, so players aren't flip-flopping instantly.
feels like an AI generated this guy. A brawler who looks like a mage but he can punch and block sometimes
I don't understand why they didn't just disable movement abilities of players in the vortex... that would have made a lot more sense.
i know im gonna get shit for saying this but this video highlights why i dont like high elo not just in OW but in any game, i used to like the grind and im able to reach high elo if i try, but nowadays i just dont want to try, playing for high ranks makes the game more stressful because you care about the win, and because of that you need to be a slave to the meta, ive had a lot more fun gaming casually in the past couple years because i can just pick whatever i want and do what i want and a loss means nothing because the goal is fun not being in meta purgatory for a shiny badge.
Kind of a shame, i like his kit. Hes kinda like brig that way, i really like the kit but it needs help.
I guess they were afraid of the complaints we used to have whenever new heroes came out.
Honestly, I'm okay with him being underpowered at release. Doesn't feel like there's a P2W advantage early into the season, this is a lot better than the reality of "he's broken beyond belief" for an entire patch, when he's mostly only played by those who bought the battle pass
his shield is like a far far worse winston bubble
Trailer shows how dumb people look who were quick to call him op.. save your opinion till release people. (IMPOSSIBLE!!!!!)
rammattra is a sign that blizzard is running out of ideas for new heroes.
He is OP.
I was concern about it since im a mercy main but im wrong
from what i have seen orisa seems strong doom feels strong against everyone but orisa honestly the only possable tank pick is orisa
Personal thoughts, maybe remattra was busted before release, but after so much "hes busted, hes a problem, hes going to break everyone" they dialed him back to then buff him slowly
Honestly seeing a non click baity video by you is refreshing and to see you not meme so much actually allowed me to take your opinions seriously
9:07 I actually see this ability as a way to prevent the Pharah/Mercy/Echo from FLEEING by jumping, instead of bringing them down to the ground from the air.
Your saying a lot but I want to see actions for this character so until then I won’t say yay or nay
Seems like blizzard was so afraid of the backlash if he was op that they nerfed him to the ground
the vortex should either restrict all movement abilities or have a shorter cooldown, maybe both. really all his cooldowns just make him seem really clunky. now that I'm thinking about it, would he be too good if he could switch in and out of punisher form at will? maybe put the penetration ability of left clicks behind a resource meter that fills passively and through hitting shots in his regular form but gives him otherwise unrestricted access to punisher mode.
holy shit someone gets it. I played with him for a solid half hour in practice range and it took me that long to realize he's bad. Idk if you're familiar with TF2 at all, but I kinda use that game as a sort of base to understand the mechanics of OW as I'm still somewhat new to the game. Ram just reminds me so much of the backlog of bad weapons from TF2 that honestly I've come to give him the nickname "Shortstop"
The beginning sounds like reading a script given to u
I love his visual design, but Rammatra’s kit just seems too niche. What irks me the most is his primary fire, it feels out of place for a tank (in my opinion, you can disagree) and the closest thing I can relate it to is Moira, who has an entirely different role. I like the idea of nemesis mode and I think that should stay, but the shield’s duration is the same as the average Overwatch player’s. The vortex should be more punishing to stay in for an extended period of time, like maybe reduce the effectiveness of mobility powers if the player doesn’t leave quickly. (Something like reducing the distance that like Tracer’s blink goes if the player stands in it for a while) If not anything else, at least make it ground airborne players easier, for the love of God. Maybe not Sigma ult levels of slam you into the asphalt, but make it faster than the default falling speed. Of course, I’m no game balance expert, so take my opinion with a grain of salt, but I’d say that Blizzard isn’t either.
look hes aight
Ramattra is all polish, no substance.... He should be Blizzard's mascot. Do you like soj, doom, and reapers ult? Put all 3 in 1 and make it worse than each and call it a tank because... shield?
I think instead of the AOE, it should be a single target proximity lock (blue square target similar to Zen sphere targeting) that denies jumping and flight for a few seconds.  Maybe a whip that comes out of the staff or a ball not unlike zen's
Peak blizzard design
They should’ve made the shield a tossable and the vortex an indicator🤨 wtf are they doing
let's not forget the fact that his base form has no armor or anything, so once nemesis drops you get melted
Also vortex idea, extend to max skybox, but instead have a damage ramp the higher the enemy, the more dmg they take. Or slow their flight path. Gravity based ability, the bigger you are, the harder u fall 😅
How about the fact that block obscures most of your view. Soo good luck tracking an echo flying over your head. 😂 —Tank main fan speaking
The shield 100% needs to be fixed. And some more minor changes to one or maybe two other abilities. However I am having fun with him when he works correctly which a lot has to go right for that to happen.
i think his block should add time to his brawl mode if shot at or charge it to do more damage.  I tried playing him now that hes out and it was terrible.  some DPS characters were more tanky then he was.
Oh, so he's pretty bad, got it .
Bliz made a character to counter certain heros and if none of the heros he counters are picked then he is bad
I find incredibly stupid that they made him part of the battle pass or you have to unlock him later when he becomes available in the shop for probably 2,000 credits knowing blizzard should have been free like the rest
They should just double the E's vertical range at this point
Bought the battlepass, played ramattra, got rolled, uninstalled the game
That’s sad I was really looking forward to sucking pharahs out of the sky and dominating them.
ANOTHER SHIELD
I have played it today and all you have said is actually true, it feels so useless comparing it to other tanks and it needs some buffs or adjustments inorder to be playable in a future
played him for a bit in qp, i actually had a lot of fun playing him. i noticed in my games he does a good bit of dmg, but with that being said, i noticed that his abilities don’t last long enough and did close to nothing to counter phara or echos. he’s fun in qp just to mess around with, but other than that i’m disappointed as well.
Can kill 3 heros in one clip if they're headshots without recoil. Auto attacks also can hit heros at long range including widowmaker without fallout damage. Why should I play orisa if this hero does everything better on top of having a shield and an AOE ability? Simply a pay for win hero, and if you think he's bad, then you lack the skill to aim heros at the head hitbox
Can't wait for them to buff him within 2 weeks so they can ensure more people buy him
oh boy...i think they're already starting to design heroes for PvE now...
Blizzard : How do our fans want OW2 Fans: We want it better than OW1 Blizzard: We gotcha fam Fans: Wait I thought u said better than OW 1 Blizzard : What you mean is this some outta season april fool joke?
He's really good what are you talking about XD
Heroes always look OP in their trailer Gameplay, since enemies are not really fighting back.
i would say Ramattra is good but at the same time i am a bronze player in low elo lobbies as well as casual play with friends hes alright but i find him fun to play
This honestly reminds me of Season 2, when Sombra was announced and everyone thought her kit was going to be so broken to all hell... only for her to be the joke/troll/throw pick for so many seasons, because of how underwhelming her kit is.
This guy has Swain ulti LMAO
I think they fixed the height of the vortex as last night I sucked a mercy down immediately from the pharrah height, that or I was trippin
The amount of marketing they did for his anti air and the attack barely goes above a Reinharts head im laughing 🤣😂🤣😂🤣
You can cancel sig ult
I was under the impression given the material they showed us that he would almost certainly be overpowered.  He seemed like he could do a lot.  I am glad he is not overpowered because at least as of current the Battlepass is not pay to win, hoho.  But I also get the impression playing him myself that he may be being hard on him.  Ultimately though, I really don't care.  He is fun and if playing him means that I can't climb than I am going to not climb and have fun doing it.
Ehh i love him hahaha went 40 5 and 6 lol
might as well throw my hat into the ring here, i feel like his nemesis should move a little bit faster so that you can properly rush down or make escapes
Honestly if they were to change Ramatra I think they should increase the Shockwave punch damage to 70 per hit and 15 meter range and while  in nemesis form he should have 15%-20% movement increase and his blocking should reduce 70% incoming damage while building a rage meter that you can fill by taking damage and when that meter fills he gains 75 over health and 15-20% increased attack speed for 2.5 seconds
Ya name should be fats
Transformation ability= single ladies dance ability.  Other than that, crickets.
Seems too static to me. Has a shield that’s easy to rush, a static projectile with poor aoe and poor range in his bulky mode..  Just walk in his face and you can run him over.
Really appreciate the honest info bro! Thank you!
I feel like what would really do Ramattra justice is an additional barrier uptime length, it can be used to close gaps but this is only specifically whenever there's lots of team sync, if you're in a game and nobody wants to join VC it's really hard to do a push or close a gap with Ramattra's barrier. I can see this tank doing really good with a rush/brawl meta, and the block is no joke. 75% damage reduction is huge when you combine it with the 30% damage reduction of armour. If you get hit by 100 damage, block with your armour up, you take a whopping 17.5 damage.
i feel like this hero is not needed...just like kiriko and soj
Angry Zen being bad is awesome. There's nothing sweeter than seeing morons who keep giving blizzard money getting shit on.
People saying he was broken when in reality People forget People actually move in game 🙃
So genji becoles god counter against him.. the pinxh dmg penetration counter is strong then
I just love having every hero ruined because people dont know how to use it. Guarantee every way he just explained how to use him is almost the polar opposite on how to use it.
People are forgetting that the "low ranks" are 90% of the playerbase. So Ram is viable there. For once Blizzard is doing things for the casuals
"I promise I'm trying to keep opinions until the end." Video preview image: HE'S  BAD!" 😂
Can genji deflect?
Go for a long walk
Not only does he not look great, his kit just doesn't seem fun to play. That along with a very boring ult with no interesting timing or mechanics. No real combo potential either
Coffee maker that makes luke warm coffee, tried to do toast and aims like Jay3
It's like a mouse trap but you're dealing with mutant rats that can fly and slide out of your traps soo maybe a buff that disables movement skill only? Perhaps that'll help and a vortex as big as syms ultimate
Tried him out for a couple hours yesterday. And my first thought was "What does he DO?!" I could not for the life of me figure out what my role on the team was. His shield is DOGSHIT, his staff damage is alright, am I a ranged dps? But I'm a tank. Okay lets get up close aaaand alright these punches are decent but my hitbox is now huge and I'm getting melted. His block in nemesis form at first seems like his best ability, you can hold it for the full duration of Nemesis and take almost no damage with it it's great. Until you realize you aren't DOING anything. I hope someone figures out a playstyle for him that works because I sure couldn't.
Video was nice and all but I wished you would show the abilities a bit faster
typical overwatch player
BECUASE she is my favourite, I gotta ask what you think of junkerqueen come season 2
The cable dreadlocks suggest a slave rebellion.  These blacks are getting out of check.
the block in nemesis is useless. all it does is make you a moving punching bag
well this is really disapointing I thought he would be great! *shrugs* ya win some ya lose some.
I like that he isn’t overpowered against air, it makes the good players still be useful, if he canceled them out completely, no one would play them, if you can time if right you can cancel them which I don’t think a great ramatra player will learn to do, could just be me though
just play sigma
I played ramattra too as echo
U mean ur bad
Does going into Nemesis form heal him if he has taken damage in his basic form?
I dont think he's bad ive just seen a lot of people not know how to use him at all, they keep thinking turning big and blocking makes them unkillable. Then there's the people that think he's OP but forget that he can be countered by any cc (sleep, slow. Freeze, push, pull)
amazing
The shame.
Actually seems like a lowkey good counter for support mains if you target them. Seems like he'd be stronger played against low health heroes
Wait so he can keep his defense (arms crossing to defend) up technically forever while his ult is up?
What map is it shown at 9:57?
Just buff the fucker's vortex height
Widerlich und sowas zeigt sich auf YouTube 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Go Out and make Sport!!
He looks like the average overwatch player
The tank marketed as countering shields gets heavily countered by shields. This is really sad to see because I was really hyped for him
The reworked Doomfist is looking great 👍
Honestly Ive been having fun playing him and his punch is freat against rien due to the fact it goes through shields. Hog is hog(Im a hog main even I think hes a raid boss.) But other than that as long as you have fun playing the character hes s teir for me
Wait hoe is he bad? I've been playing against him and he's fucking amazing
I originally scared for ramattra to come out because he seemed op. But now it seems like the only good thing about him is his original form.
This trailer was the definition of "don't let them know your next move." Honestly there was so much I wasn't expecting.
I think instead of a radius, they should do like a zen orb kinda thing where u can only make one person disabled, and bring them down
His shield should last longer, and his brawl should be more threatening with or without block
I got 2 entire team killa by myself in the 2nd march I played him.   He's not bad, you are.  He's insanely easy to play and I don't see why anyone is struggling with him, must be a PC player skill issue. They usually can't handle heroes where aim isn't important but game knowledge and skill is.
The game is bad yes
Did they nerf roadhogs heal?
To counter pharmacy I feel like a flying tank would be better
Mei is a better tank than Ramattra.  She's even better at stopping Mercy.  That's my hot take, Flats.
Still waiting for flats to realize doom punch monke zap and rein hammer are all unblockable damage (in his definition of shields and dm)
The reworked Doomfist is looking great 👍
I don't care how meta he is. I think he's cool so I'm maining him.
The anti air move not being able to catch aerial characters is peak Blizzard design
You should be able to switch between forms freely
That shield definitely needs to stay up longer
That'll be 10 bucks or 2.4 weeks to unlock him for casual free players. Enjoy your new character for two more seasons while Blizz drip feeds balance changes! Lololol.
something about flats makes me comfortable. big bro vibes 10/10 youtuber
SInce their male to female character development ratio is 1-6, I am really disappointed this one is robotic. This means we're going to have to sit through 6 porn actress characters now until the next male one comes out.
Maybe you just suck? Ferreal though your not gonna be godlike day 1.
Could have been funnier as a circle of flammes of Wow karazhan. A circle, which does nothing, unless an enemy steps in / out. If so, it burst in damages or dot on the team.
With how short Vortex lasts, it should be a lot taller and simply disable any movement abilities of heroes inside it.
The force field should completely focus on the slowing effect and remove the damage part, hence recompensing with a larger radius.
I've noticed something about overwatch characters. You want to get easy kills in low elo, play a purple character
Perhaps having the stance not be on cool down could be an interesting angle, it would feel less like wasting time when blocking and maybe help flow from stance to stance
I’m happy they gave you access. You deserve it.
hi flats just wanted to ask do you know anything about hanzo's bow getting any visual changes. It seems that the animation is a bit broken.
Man his design it's so cool  The vibes he gives are great  Really sad he is that bad  What's wrong with the new two tanks?  Junker queen was bad  And now ramattra?
uh.... what? I thought ravenous vortex would act like grav and junk trap, where it prevents movement abilities from activating. otherwise whats the point?
"His ult is shut down by shields"  What about the Squishies that would've been in the shield with Winston? Think they're just gonna stand still so you can run your agenda lol. Ram is good
i think that all damage blocked by nemesis should either heal or make it last longer and like you showed his ult is stopped by schield so fix that to but ngl im a low rank player so i dont know whats good or bad fr the game just my thoughts
I feel like tempo tank stands for “temporary”
I knew the second that they showed his nemesis form walking up to the rein shield to hit the backline that he'd be terrible. There's no way they can justify his range be that terrible and the damage being that low with it being able to pierce through barrier. That's ridiculous.   To be actually good as a tank, he'd need to have some or all of the following:  - primary fire range of nemesis mode needs to be equal to the range of his regular mode primary fire - the vertical reach of his snare needs to be at least double what it is now and it needs to disable movement abilities similar to graviton surge for its duration  - his shield needs to have way more uptime than it currently has - his ult needs to apply a slowdown to connected targets so that enemies can't just run from it if they're gonna allow it to blocked by line of sight
If ramattra is a tempo tank, bastion is a tempo gun
i'll say one of the things i feel most baited on is that the gameplay trailer seemed to *heavily* imply that block charged up his punches similarly to doom - he blocks an entire pharah ult then sweeps her and everyone on the point. that alone could've made him more of the "super strong, in-your-face brawler" while in nemesis form that he was hyped by the devs as being :/
Hey flats did you notice what charm they put with the free ramatra when u get to level 45
He is an off tank in a game that now only has 1, play him in customs with like a rein, he’s such a good character for that, what else can you expect from the devs that threw some low key buffs onto sojourn
He needs some kind of movement ability...
If Ramattra is R-7000 Ravager and they're considered 'elite' units among the omnics, then it's no wonder they lost the war
he will get buffed with junkerqueen next season
I'm not impressed
Doomfist, but worse.
“Unblockable damage I'm not a fan of” says a rein main
At this point I'm going to drop the game. The whole game is a major letdown. The first season went on horribly and I still don't think 5v5 was a good idea. Many of the arcade modes are still unplayable or simply not fun and now that season 2 dropped, I'm pretty disappointed. No changes to the monetization at all, balance changes that don't really grasp the core problem of most of the heroes and a pretty bad new hero. I was actually quite hyped for Ramattra. At this point I give up on the game and focus more on other shooters
He’s gonna get buffed hopefully
I'm not mad. Less money spent on the battle pass.
This tank has 0 natural armor and his shield only last for 4 seconds but his Ult is pretty decent
Random flavours ideas: -Extended range of pierce but diminish dmg the more enemies it goes through  -Hold block to charge a rapid fire oh punch(ora ora ora style) -weaker shield but more than one at a time. -Actual anti fly tech, were it anchor (and goes highers) flyers for a certain amount of time instead of just the area. -Block got a self cleanse effect
Op nerf genji
Strong conceptually, weak actually
imma play him bc he looks cool
hes not bad stfu
They should probably increase the radius of vortex
Rework the vortex its useless
I’m not a part of the stream community bc I was banned since like 8 months ago, but I remember seeing the small Christmas tree and stocking from last year in this video.
i think we all were waiting for a character that had depth making players work hard to master. we wont be getting that anytime soon as ow2 is catering to new players atm they arent going to take the chance of putting a bad taste in a noobs mouth.
You can tell they didn’t even test his pull ability properly. The inconsistency between characters movement abilities lol. Good job blizz, half assed job as per usual. Will I still spend an unhealthy amount of time playing your game? Yes.  Ever said I was perfect 🤷‍♂️
Yeah, he looks  very weak. It seems Blizzard is very afraid of putting an overpowered hero on the BP, which is very good.
I wonder how much of this is because Blizz is trying to get away from counterpicking. This looks to me like Blizz was going down the list of heroes and said "what can this character do against Rammatra?" and made absolutely sure that everything Rammatra was supposed to counter was able to do something against him.
🥱 just give it some time snd you'll hear shxt like "RAMATTRA IS OP"  or "Ramattra now good?"
I was wondering of why he did so little damage when in tank form, I am a little disappointed that range was his biggest debuff and if he stays the same for a while. at least give him more health to put up a fight that could be like a rien VRS rien type of feeling where its going to be hard to fight against but still will at least hold down point to benefit helping the team.. hell make his shield stay up longer or somthing??
Holy shit what in the hell? This is so supricing.. He's going to suck balls lmao
Honestly I'm glad he's not OP. It's bad that people who want to pay for him won't really be able to play him because he's kinda in a weird spot. But that's WAY better than having an INSANE hero that most people won't have access to for weeks while losing to him because other people payed to have him quickly.
I f-ing told everyone I knew that he was going to be weak af. No one believed me. I told everyone he sucks as a tank because his shield is too weak and his Vortex range wasn't as good as people made it out to be
More great stuff from activision/blizzard..its time folks really just stops playing their games..
4 second shield? That's quicker than the average ow player reaction time
Was that attended with his ultimate to make it never ending?
I can't wait to see the one trick coming up of Ramattra that uses the several 'he's not good' quotes that Flats has said and echoes it into the background and then continues into a stomping compilation of Ramattra plays, I wonder what his name will be and what he use to play before
Everyone saw that twitter tweet showing Ramattra dmg thru shields and everyone freaked out. Lmao.
Rammatra isn’t bad, YOU’RE just bad. Maybe if you stopped eating donuts for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, you’d drop a few pounds and be able to move your mouse fast enough to not hit the wall when you’re trying to aim.
I feel the shield should stay up until it breaks and the cooldown should start after it breaks and should 10 seconds
The shield timers are kinda lame, in a intense situation, playing Rein 1200 points of shield doesn't feel like enough as Sig sometimes 700 gets insta-shredded. At least as those characters my shield can partially recover in a few seconds to kite damage or minimise an ultamte. So only being up for 4 seconds is wildly odd. I think at least he should have it similar to Orisa from OW1, it stays there until destroyed or relaunched, especially with a cool down that big. Or reduce it to 700 like Sig or 800 to make him feel special and put it on a short cooldown so he can actually make use of it if he's going to get his chest pushed in by our favourite apocopig!
Blizzard plz plz plz go back to how things were like my god you guys are making the most retarded decisions
I think her would very good with a Lucio pushing into a team while luring trying to get past shields with Lucio boost
Hehe you think moiras on low ranks sit and heal.
So basically, only play him in Mayhem or QP lol.. maybe CTF too
the aoe field thing that pulls people down should just add a debuf for a few seconds so people hit by it cant jump, there problem solved
Does his void stop tire?
Also 450 hp isn’t super good for a tank since his only ability to negate damage is his fist mode which is, like flats said a debuff. At Zarya has the bubbles which straight up negate damage while the best thing ramatra has in his BEST AND OPTIMAL FORM is the little 4 second barrier which is gonna result with him still getting absolutely deleted
Q = Sasuke curse mark
One hundred percent thought we'd finally get a good sigma counter tank being able to take down those annoying aerial characters when the dps just ain't covering but nah he got a junker queen ass kit making him really only useful to break into enemy lines but having to rely on the team to follow up for an actual play.
most uncharismatic youtuber ever
Just a visual thing I think ramatras ult should attack sheilds so he would look like one of those electric balls of Winston bubbled
Just keep the nemesis form, buff his dmg and it's all good.
Can we agree to not overreact to reveal videos/trailers now?
I was really looking forward to main a tank again…😢
Now I just wanna see how they bring changes to Bastion, Ana, and Kiriko. Hopefully its for the better. Like maybe Kiriko will really be played as the aggressive support she was supposed to be ? Maybe bring some kind of buff to Bastions normal form ? Who knows, but I'm dying to see  Realistically, it might be for the worse. But I’m optimistic about it
The vortex and his ult are dogshit, but I had a thought concerning the battlepass: people are pissed that new heroes are locked behind a paywall (until you reach level 45 of the BP), so it's kind of a saving grace that he is dogshit at launch. Now they can fine-tune Ramattra to the point he should be at and what was advertised to us; hopefully after everyone has had a chance to unlock him.
So I'ma just buy the Fortnite battle pass instead....sike lol can't wait for this
Getting to see his abilities in action,  I agree with him, doesn't seem very good and I think a lot of his kit can be done better on others. Especially that wimpy grav thing, for Ariel targets a good roadhouse or maybe a Winston Taz snipe and leap.
So the counter to him is basically either 2 fliers, sojourn. And for tanks anything with a shield. And if you have lucio for heals his speed should legit negate that circle and use bap if you necessarily need to have an immort so you don’t die in the slow or Ana for the Burst. This tank genuinely sucks wtf.
Can Hog hook hook him out of his block?
You slimming down flats? You look good brother
Thing that gets me, is if he was free off the bat like before… this wouldn’t be too big of a deal.
I feel like Blizz did not want to ship out an OP tank with the Battlepass cause they did not want to get people calling it Pay2win.
At least we know they're not going to release characters that are busted as hell just to hype them up like they did with almost every new entry on OW1, that would've sucked.
Characters are always overpowered or underpowered at release, question is which one is preferred.
I don't want to say "I told you so" to the P2W people buuuuuuuuuuuttt THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I WAS TALKIN' ABOUT. Some hero releases are just gonna be weak.
Ramattra's vortex should disable mobility abilties as long as you are in it..
Lots of negativity on the new character. I know Blizzard isn't perfect but still, I'm going to enjoy playing him regardless. There's a reason I don't play Sigma, because I don't like him. Some people want tons of options to use, Rammatra is like a mix of Doom and Rein in my eyes and he will have a huge skill ceiling. Trust, give it a couple of weeks.
Hes got a swain ult thats neat
I feel like a good buff would be disallowing movement abilities while inside vortex, like disabling soujourn slide, Genji passive, or hanzo’s dash.
I am very happy to say I was right
I feel like they listen to the community about how op he is going to be then completely nerfed him to the ground before release. His ground pull should definitely be way better especially since there is only like 3 arial characters one of those being mercy which needs another player to be airborne. Junkrat it would kind of be useful for too but I can’t think of many other people it’s really hurting.
I don't think your having fun while making this video
Wow, he sucks lol
Maybe they can make it so that when he does damage with his staff it will shorten the cooldown of the shield. And in nemesis mode the damage you deal heals your character.
Broken team: Rammattra, and four other players if you know the game.
Imo it is better for him to be weaker than to be stronger.
hes like a jack of all trades, but absolutely mediocre at everything he does
Oh wow compared to what he first looked like he seems extremly underwhelming now. But at least not the opposite
Anyone know if a stun or sleep effect will cut off his A.O.E damage that keeps his ult activated?
My biggest fear was how high and good his snare was... I am deeply dissatisfied
i hope they make his icon frontal like reaper
The click bait thumbnail made me sad before even watching this video...
W
why doesn’t the shield just stay until dead or like 3 seconds till next cooldown? and maybe the block could increase the firerate or range for his punches so its not as useless? or just get rid of the block and add self heal to his punches?
I'm glad he's bad lmaoo don't want another OP tank
Make more tanks so more people play such a thankless role. Doesnt make them good enough to even use. Its blizz. What else is really expected 😂
I feel like the general idea was there with Ramattra, and even though his abilities may be a bit wonky, I definitely feel like they could really fix what's there and that he actually has really good potential.
Honestly they should make ramattras vortex Silence movement ability’s while you stand in the AOE. So examples would be Winston leap, Lucio speed, eco flight this would make him a more lock down type tank I THINK blizzard was trying to go for.
Honestly they should make ramattras vortex Silence movement ability’s while you stand in the AOE. So examples would be Winston leap, Lucio speed, eco flight this would make him a more lock down type tank I THINK blizzard was trying to go for.
For once a new hero is not overpowered but underpowered
I like the primary fire and shield. Ranged abilities on tanks - especially projectiles - I find really fun, and the shield looks like a cross between Sigma's size and shape with Zarya's cool down and intended purpose. However, the vortex is objectively awful, I don't like the inconsistency of a transforming character, the block is a copy-paste from Doom which is boring, and the ult is boring as hell. Overall, 2/10 character design. What a way to water down one of the most mysterious characters in Overwatch to just another revolutionary like the rest of the cast with abilities ripped straight from most other tanks
I think they tried to do too many NEW things with this character all at once, and it made for a kit that doesn't really work together well. Things I would fix. 1. Reduce his shields cooldown by 2 or 3 seconds, decrease it's health to 700 2. Center the vortex to be directly in front of Ramattra and have it follow him. Increase it's height. 3. Remove the Block in Nemesis form 4. Give Nemesis form a speed boost cooldown so he can rush up into melee range 5. Make his ult a normally timed ult, similar to Road Hogs ult time. Remove the silly infinity mechanic and give it ramp up damage instead.
curious to see how baptiste's super jump works in the vortex
I'm more concerned about the battle pass and shop, that need fixed before anything else.
I think what happened is that he fell into the trap of being able to do to much, and ended up getting nerfed. Other examples of heroes that fell in this trap are brig(long range heal, heal doing damage, shield, shield bash, boop cannon), Junker queen (shield all teammates, throwing bleed, bleed axe, bleed=heal, bleed/prevent heal), mainly, there is some other characters (Like Orisa and Hammond depending on how you look at it) that just have complicated kits that are hard to make work against people that know their weaknesses (higher leveled players). I'm not saying any of these characters are bad necessarily, in fact Junker and Brig are two of my favorite characters that I like playing a lot, but just think about what Flats said is the most picked tank: Roadhog. Very simple kit, shotgun to shoot, a hook to pull em in range and a really nice burst heal+damage resistance. Simple, effective, you only really need to train your aim and position, which is what you need to do for every character anyways.
I think the vortex should have been an aoe ability centered on Ramattra, and have a bigger radius. That way he can hold them down
I’d rather him slightly underpowered than overpowered at first. I suspect once people get used to his kit and playing as / against him, his numbers will prove to be better than we realize.
As a tank main I'm super sad :(
His ult need to atleast hold people down
So much for countering players
Ik it's just your opinion but I think his health boost in nemesis mode and using it to make dps and healers abandon their tanks, switch back to to catch them as they run. When I look at Ram here all I can see is a highly technical hero with alot of opportunities for outplay
Don’t care. Gonna main this guy because of his bad ass hero-antihero theme. For reference, I’ve been one tricking JQ in Kiriko meta. Idc, imma have fun with this guy too. Guys, don’t take competitive gaming too seriously. Fun should come first.
he looks cool though
personally i think having his vortex like has no sky box then silencing movement abilities like brig dash sojourn slide rocket jump junk blast pack
Imo and I play paladins so my opinion just dosent matter lmao  This design is horrible
IMO they should add something more to his block like doom. maybe if they increase the time on his punchy form to like 10 sec, increase the cooldown of it and make it so when he blocks damage, time is added to his punch form (of course the time will have a cap). then he will be at least a more fun tank to play.
Here's a cool way to fix his tank aspect! Make his barrier have two charges!
the slow should be a flat number and not a percentage. this way bursts of speed wont do anything.
Since Soujan (idk how to spell her) Blizzard have seemed scared to release a character who is strong for their role, junkerqueen has had the same thing done to her, luckily shes getting a buff
I don't think Winston's Bubble blocking his ultimate is necessarily a bad thing. You'd need a perfect bubble dance to be always on the opposite side of Ramattra. You'd waste a couple of seconds at best, and that if he's ulting only on Winston. If there are more than one target near Winston, he can follow someone else and keep his ult up.
the mercy clip didnt answer anything btw.. he tested going straight up  while testing echo and the rest going Outwards not straight up.. So im guessing mercy can guardian angel out
This was a really nice breakdown! Im a low/mid  tank player myself, gold 4 this season, and my excitement just completely went away when you showed the pharah and echo clip. I dont know what the point is of having a small/medium snare, with a rather short duration if its not a strong snare then. :/
So put his shield up before engaging as you see enemy dps and tank run at them with the shield providing 4 seconds of cover pop nemesis and after back down use shield repeat. His snare I guess punish upward mobility players who overextend.
idk if it will be broken but i think at least extending the duration of the shield when it gets hit by shots is kind of an interesting idea same way that if it does not get hit it could jus go down in 4 seconds that way it wouldnt be too short but it wouldnt be too long but it also kinda makes players either stop shooting when they see the shield or reposition in a way high risk high reward sort of thing
Blizzard's logic when it comes to balancing the game is to just make every hero bad, except Sojourn
Yeah, I’m a little disappointed actaully seeing his kit. I like the primary fire and the punches. The shield is ok, a mix of orisa old one and sigmas. The vortex is a big disappointment, Soujourn disrupptor seems like a better AOE slow, with more damage. And it’s anti air/pull down doesn’t seem helpful at all.  I like that he can use his block any time when in nemesis mode. But honestly I think that would work better on doom fist instead of his power block. If the put it on. Resource meter for doom instead of cooldown
So what you're saying is that the battlepass has no value until he's viable. This is actually really good news.
I knew he will be bad. He is a worse Sigma.
Will his grenade cancel out a sigma ult?
Another reason to nerf genji
Why is the "vortex" not a vortex? It's a tube with purple spinney streamers.  Make it flare out and up a lot more to create an actual vortex shape and increase the pull enough to cause "fall damage" then you'd have a real anti-air tool.
It seems that Ramattra was advertised bad. He’s made for pushing into the enemy team at the start of a fight. They advertised him like he was a strong movement/shield counter. But that’s only off of an ambush it would seem.
Yeah I was worried about him being a big issue for Rein and now I'm not that bothered.  He's a poke tank with more range than Sigma but less protection than most other tanks.  I think his barrier cooldown is too long, you can compare it to winston's but his can at least protect from all angles and winston can leap around every few seconds.  His block seems like sort of a barrier where you can get in front of damage meant for a squish and take some pressure off your team but you move pretty slow while its up.    I feel like he's probably going to play best staying very close to teammates and keeping some good distance while using your barriers/big boy form to close the gaps and take space.  Today's gonna be interesting to see.
When Ramattra was revealed my words were: he’s gonna be either extremely overpowered or basically useless
I think he's more a mind game playstyle you gotta bait the enemy tank just far enough away from the enemy team that you can lock him down put the barrier the enemy tank and have your team bully them forcing the enemy team to panic and try to push in unprepared or just fall back and lose the fight if they're smart idk I agree for the most part though he looks more fun than good I also realize that this requires a ton of big brain team strating to actually work
Man, I'm disappointed :/ I really wish Rammatra could be a fun and viable option, maybe even shake the meta up a little bit... Specially with that stupid Roadhog meta, the amount of pub-stomping hooks with huge hitbox is just frustrating.
The pull down ability should be reworked to be used as a snair/root where it creates an area that enemies are completely trapped in the radius for a couple seconds. The concept for his ability is good but it's application is useless
So it sounds like paywall does more damage than what Ramattra could block as a tank. What an Overwatch experience lol  Seriously though, I don't play OW anymore but this was a nice breakdown video
Ramattra and Bastion can be the answers for slow comp in OW again.
Concur, cool looking budget Orisa. This hero is going to be sooooo bad without a Lucio.
I was thinking about his kit and i just kept coming up with comparisons to OW1 orisa - no movement, a shield to drop on the ground, a damage resisting ability, something that impacts movement if aimed correctly, and an ult that makes it dangerous to be close to him, but can just be ignored or avoided by people who know what they are doing
I'm sure I will have a lot of fun playing him      in 2 months
The vortex would be better if it stoped them from using movement ability’s
I fw the Pokémon music in the backround
So what's the opposite of "Power Creep"?  Power Wuss??
gravaton surge but made by ow2 devs
I think we'll have to see him in higher ranks but his shield may need to last longer and his E may need a slight buff. Doom is going to be busted
His ult is literally just Swain ult lmao
Perfect. He can be useless until I've unlocked him and then they can buff him 👌
I'm Depressed I was hoping for a new tank with a change of pace, I was actually excited for him to him OP mostly so it'd get fixed later but because It'd change the playing fields yk.
I think it might be a good buff to make it so getting punches in nemesis and ult quickens the recharge on his shield
Lets hope he gets a buff right away im not tryna wait till the mid season like bruh you literally showcased him as a anti flying legend and he can even do it make his pull reach the skybox
i'll play him anyways because i do not care
"Rein who is really bad now in high elo" Lhcloudy would like to have a word with you....but then again he is Lhcloudy
Sad😢
After watching this, I think that the Vortex ability needs to have no vertical ceiling and the pull sped up. It should also provide a slow for horizontal abilities.
i think that ramattras vortex should cripple enemies so that they cant use mobility abilities
Ramattra’s ult is basically the Electro Titan from clash of clans😂😂
I feel fortes would be cool with an actual tether that holds players temporarily, giving the team a chance to jump onto those caught in it
bronze - gold ultimate is so overpowered. Its like a dps moira that can hit multiple people. nobody knows how to run away!
Its good to see Boggy happy again.
Hey flats you have a scammer running rampant in your comments section
hell be insane in gun game no CD
I was so excited for Remattra since I love Omnic characters but honestly I’m disappointed with his kit and I hope that it improves at least a little bit after he’s out
ive been watching you for a while, you should remind people to sub more lol, i just subbed
Shield should mirror mei wall. No reason why not tbh. May even bring back double shield meta. That was fun
thanks flatz
Honestly, if they actually wanted him to be a Tempo Tank, then they should not give his stances a timer and give them a maximum of 1 sec cooldown for switching...
I feel like allot of ppl won't use him right, going in just to block for 8 sec and  popping useless shields thats my take that ppl will do allot of the time, hopefully not but hey! He might be fun in qp from the numbers im seeing and the abilities i don't think hes going to be a good pick...
Block should pause nemesis form.
"He is not the worst tank in the game, there are others" like, whom?  Road is Meta Zarya still good DVa still there Sigma good Rein good in low to mid elo  and from what we see is he really better than ball and queen?   also, isn't it kinda telling that the last 2 tanks added to the game are bottom tier right now?
i joked yesterday bout it and told my homies he is willbe realy weak cause they fear balance issues xD
Rammatra will be a huge improvement for Total Mayhem.
it would be sick if the E canceled movement abilities. Would be a cool concept for an ability that does no damage but could be a super deadly engagement tool.
Would he be more useful if the transformation had no timer/cooldown or would that make him OP? I feel like that would make the block more worthwhile and since he has weak range in nemesis form you'd still need to play in and out of the two forms based on the situation.
yoooo wait so does the punch do 120 to winston bubble since it's hitting both sides????
Mediocre tanks are good for the game. Please they need to keep creating characters that are middle ground not strong not weak.
Garbage hero
Question. Can you hit headsets through shields? Cause it does pass through. I'm assuming so. Could be wrong
Looks like Mei counters everything Ramattra does.
He's bad aka I don't like him.
What a surprise cuz everyone was saying he looked broken, clearly not the case😂
IMO if these are going to be the new tank ideology, tempo tanks should be a second tank and bring back 6v6
the best info is that Ramattra is wiki against Hog, sincerly, Hog Main
kirko's suzu lasts long enough to cancel ramattas ult
The block could have thorn damage matches his theme and gives people a reason not to spam into him Maybe dumb on ult but it’s a good idea
Pov average discord mod :
his ahield is worse than sigm in evry way
Typical OW community. Gone from complaining that he’s too overpowered to complaining that he’s underpowered. Maybe just wait for release before you start complaining about something you don’t know about in the future.
I feel like they should have done it like in league of legends where they have a debuff called "grounded" , when enemies get grounded they can't use any mobility spells and are slowed, so any heroes in his vortex would get grounded making it so that they won't be able to use any of their mobility abilities, like genji dash, cassidy roll etc. and they also get their movement speed slowed.
it'll be fun to try him out 2 months after he's released and I finally grinded enough battle pass XP to unlock him! Maybe by the time i unlock him, he'll get buffed and be playable!! Yay battle passes! Totally not a terrible idea at all!!!
So he balanced
The fact the Nemesis form only last for 8 seconds is a huge killer from him. His primary shot is already really terrible for being that slow, and you tell me he can't stay in his tank form when he is a *tank?*
06:08- is it not 75% dmg reduction?
I am a little happy that he is not super op since he is going to be locked behind a  paywall. However I am sure he will receive a buff season 3 since no one will play him as much when he comes out
The block just makes no sense to me, he has a melee form with no way to push into melee range instead he slows himself down?
agreed. looking at him his is compared to other tanks not good. i just wish that next season we will get a meele based dps again. like doom so i can have fun again.
So because Ramattra is reasonably balanced and doesn't counter everyone, he's bad?
blizz really has no idea how to balance having one tank
my brother in christ not but maybe a week ago you said he was broken. which is it?
Then you find out this character… Is locked behind a paywall
For the duration, I feel his shield needs to last longer or be bigger. Even with him being able to alternate to nemesis form for block, I still feel as though his shield is the weakest one in the game for overall usage. Alternatively, have it function as a mini mei icewall that blocks enemies from moving through it
I think the ult cancel exist because it puts you into nemesis form and you can always exit out of nemesis and the ult only exists in nemesis
The fact that people complained so fucking hard about how overpowered he looked pissed me off. Now they are complaining about how weak he has s and I’ve seen like 3 people say he is the weakest tank. This fan base can’t be pleased in the fucking slightest
i feel like for his shield that it shouldnt be 15 seconds make it only 8 seconds but for every 100 damage it takes it goes up a second in cooldown
no characters are bad its a skill issue on the player part people be saying characters are bad in ow but there are people who can use these "bad characters'' and can still be a high ranking player i will use rammatra to prove these niggas wrong
well.. imo... best to release the tank on a weak state then tweak it after then to release the hero strongest then nerf hammering him... and with the aproach greedzard is taking with OW2 that' would make him a P2W hero
ramattra w kiriko ult: ORA ORA ORA ORA
19:59 He's still annoying, mainly from ingorning shields comepletely, he may lose to reinhardts hammer but he ingores the reason reinhardt even became a tank in the first place.
as a genji main: please tell me that i can deflect those please...
the size of the punches are about what i expected, i dont really get why people (or maybe just flats) think its small. what really screws me up is the 10 meter range
I don't understand how the entire Overwatch community could be so bitchy about something they haven't even touched yet. Now they're disappointed and the bitching will start all over again. The circle of life I suppose 😒
If they wanted to make an anti-air that isn't hitscan they should have given one of his forms a flak cannon as it's primary, or proximity detonating aa rounds or something of that sort, actually that last one would help him hit both phara and mercy, it would help lower ranks deal with pharmercy without breaking higher ranks.
Does ramatra's vortex block kiriko's teleport? Because if it doesn't I am really sad. Also ramatra really seems like a tank designed for two tank compositions which is not a thing in ow2 role Q.
Looks fun. I don't play comp. I don't give a shit. As long as they're not unfun to play (constantly crushed, can't get a kill, which he looks to be better than) or unfun to play against (can't be stopped, absurd damage, which he definitely isn't) I do not care. He changes things up, has a gimmick ult I love, plus I love his voice. All good by me.
If he actually ends up being bad I'm going to be livid.  As a tank main in OW2 we have been shafted. Every new/reworked character is either the best in their class or very good... Except the tanks.  Doom is arguably the worst character in the game with Junker queen being down the barrel as well, compared to sojourn and Kiriko who are arguably the best characters in the game period.  Now with Ramattra's release if he's bad we will have 3 borderline useless tank heroes.
13:14 this is different as you should leave this to the end or do the harder and smoother putting inbeewteen the video via a transition, since this is less asking for free stuff and more directing people where they can find more of your content.
13:07-13:11 Nono thats uneened and one of the many make fun of Youtubers, they ask for something people already know and would do if the person gave them something to care for. So instead and Ironacally you never saying it makes your content 5x more intersting as we aren't annoyed, you are giving us what we came for thats it.  Pls never ask for that again, as people will give to you if they believe you're worthy of it, not you.
Flats more like flabs
Remember the time blizzard said "we wanna get rid of all the CC in Overwatch".. and then created 3 out of 4 characters with CC as the first 4 in Overwatch 2... Good times.
when rammatra does more damage punching than the character with fist in his name
maybe its really too early to tell
His block needs to not slow him
Timer based shielding always sucks.
I think he has alot of room for supports to enable him, even more than other tanks.  Unlike rein he doesnt even have a single movement option so he will be even better with lucio speed.  Him being to hold down his block for 8 seconds or forever, whilst also having armor will make supp healing much more effective on him compared to other tanks.   But he aint good lol
with kiriko's ult his punches are going to be a problem
hes pull should just be single target and be auto aimed like nano
He feels like "oh lets not make him op" so they "broke his legs", so with that and the fact you have to unlock him at level 55 its not that worth it ... talk about killing hype 10.
- Reduce shield cd 3 sec - Buff shield size - Nemesis form +8 meters primary fire - Stronger slow on pull not by much  These are realistically quality of life changes the kit itself is pretty good
I think that he's going to be OP after the first buff,cause now he's not looking well....
He needs a buff
I was so excited for this hero but ended up becoming extremely disappointed. I get why they don't want his pull to be strong but when you market your new hero who can shut down aerial hero's the consumer expects what is being sold to them as is and this is not going to sell anyone to play this hero. I main tank and I was looking forward to learn this hero but now I'd rather work on my Hog then touch Ramattra.
I gave my first impressions on my stream as well when the gameplay trailer came out, and they were slightly different than the real thing.  - Was expecting his projectiles to be faster, but I guess no damage falloff compensates for that. - Was expecting vortex to reach the skybox and have the same vertical and horizontal slow properties. It wouldn't make it OP because the area is small enough to make it a very skillful play for sky high opponents, and the duration is so small. - Was expecting power punches to have a much longer reach, 15-20m. 10-12 is very little. Still not sure if it goes through Zarya's bubble. - Was expecting his block to be full damage mitigation, not 50% reduction. - Was NOT expecting his ult connection to be cut by shields, but it makes sense as it behaves like Moira's s u c c, not her orb or coalescence. - Was expecting his shield to not have a duration at all, and around 800hp. 1000hp is good but 4 sec duration is abysmal.  All in all, Rammatra feels very underwhelming. I'm still curious to see what skilled players will do on competitive but I doubt it will be much. The basic tactic will be "wait for nemesis to end" and mow him down.
flats just devasted at how bad Ramatra actually is in the game after all the hype surrounding him
He is bad BUT he is also badass and thats the only reason why i am gonna play him
As a Total Mayhem freak, I can’t wait to roll on winston, rein and brig  braindead players who just stand there and pop their shields up.
His primary is spray and pray embodied
his ultimate seems nice
He needed to have another skill instead of vortex in Big mode, maybe a shoulder tackle to give him some movement and kill potential
just what we needed another unit that is useless against the meta units rn
Really enjoyed this breakdown Flats. Thanks for covering this hero.
The thing about rein in low ranks is so true I’m sliver 2 and if I go anything other than rein even just sigma even if we win I get reported 3 times and spam tank diff by my team mates even on a win I don’t get it I want to play tank but just not rein into bastion and soldier but pretty much have to for some reason.
Small Cyborg Girl cripple ability: 200 damage, lasts a good while.  Huge Robot that leads a whole uprising: 45 damage, feels like it lasts as long as a sneeze.
:(
the cancel is not a bug its intended since it says on the left (Lshift to cancel)
I can't believe Blizzard intentionally made him bad to avoid further backlash over putting heroes in the Battlepass.
How about this? his current ult is just something that happens while he is in nemesis form (and removing the endless from it) making block not as useless, and his ult is the current E ability that his a Massive area snag and slow much taller and much wider
I mean ramattra being meh i think is better than him being op because we all know that new characters being op is not a good thing (*cough cough* soujorn)
Could Pharah not just boop herself out of the vortex?
His ult is the only thing I’d say is incredibly strong about this. A permanent aoe of damage that high is insane
Remember when everyone said that he's just a better Doomfist? Poor Ram.
I wonder how remattra with kiriko will be 🤔 their ults should pair really nice. I think the only way remattra will be good will be with strong ult combinations, given what you went over here nothing else seems particularly powerful
damn he'ss going to need a big buff
Yay more throw picks...
its a strategy hero, you must play on cooldowns to be good with him.
I reckon the mechanics and ideas are there, but the numbers are just off.  Make vortex bigger and higher, fixed. Adjust nanites speed/ammo count, fixed. Give him some shield HP (like Zen) when he's in his Omnic form (and Armour, like now) in nemesis. The design is so richly kitted out that I think there's enough there to make him balanced and fun.
This hero is gonna be fun
This dude actually looks like Flats from SpongeBob too 😭
Just a thought... what about wrecking balls pound? Does Ramattra pull him down? Or does the vortex also slow ball's swing / roll?
Weeks and weeks from Overwatch commentators about how broken and balance-ruining Remattra will be and how the Overwatch team doesn’t know what they’re doing, followed now by reports that he sucks and that the Overwatch team doesn’t know what they’re doing…
Wow this video is popping off! Good thumbnail
I'm so sad he didnt turn out as a good response to hog, I feel like hog Will still be meta for at least the whole season
Blizzard can make op dmg and underwhelming tanks is all I'm learning from the Release of Junker Queen Rammatra and Sojourn I don't think Kiriko needed the nerf she got
i hope hes underpowered or not fun for some. more playtime for me. robot cool.
I feel like vortex can be aight against mercy, useless vs pharmacy/echo. I might just try to use It to slow enemies a bit and hit more consistent headshots on normal form.
Ramattra looks like he is going to have the opposite issue of sojourn where sojourn dominates the "top ranks" Ramattra looks like he is going to be insane on the ladder.
people get so scared of new characters saying they will be op, yea he can kill 200hp characters quick, but so can every other character too
wow he might even be worse than junker queen
lmao his ultimate....
Lol as a brig player I don't mind being able to block his ult lol, though if they were to balance him they should do it by having his ult and punches not be blocked by shield but something like Sigma's kinetic grasp should block both (only for himself of course and anyone who is standing directly behind him. That way Ramattra will be buffed and now go through shield with his ULT however he won't be completely OP because he won't be able to punch through an ability like Kinetic grasp, which makes sense IMO.
Can already tell that his hulk form punch range needs a buff, that's way too low range
Cant wait for the tiktoks stating how hes the most broken tank.
why the fuck another brigg in tank roaster
blizzard fail
So two new tanks that are useless?
So for 90% of the playerbase he's going to be absolutely shitting on people, and for the top 10% he's gonna be trash. Neat
8:24 ult cancle maby if u killed a team and wanna snipe a widow??? xD
I am increasingly baffled at how… I mean… it was pretty clear even from the game play video that vortex wouldn’t reach in to the heavens and ground flight enabled heroes. But all flight heroes lose altitude at some point, which is when you can catch them. Once caught, they can’t escape. Had they made the ability a single auto-target ability with a large AoE, then it would have been too strong… ain’t no way they’d put something that strong in the game at that point. I won’t elaborate further because I think we should have to ACTUALLY PLAY the game with 5 nme players actively trying to kill you before you can make a real fkn opinion on whether he’s good or bad. As for his ult, you can’t accidentally turn it off… because why in the name of the devil would you be pressing his “transform back into his non-nemesis form” button while you are in his ulted nemesis form… I ain’t ever seen anyone hit LSHIFT by accident, it’s already pretty awkward to use, which is why I assume most ppl have it hot-keyed. Furthermore, implying that lower elo players will get wrecked by the ult but not pros, because pros are too good? Is such a weird thing to me… it’s like you’re assuming he’s just gonna be going 1v5… solid chance his team will also have heroes that enable him… do ppl not combo heroes anymore? Wild…
Well blizzard did say they’d be adding many more characters. I guess they can’t make them all OP
The anti air move needs to ground however high the targets are and stop most dashes or mobility tools. He seems like that’s his niche and he doesn’t actually do that job
Thank you for your honesty sir
Vortex's ability should leave them completely glued to the ground and unable to get out as easily. And remove movement skills like Zarya's ultimate
W youtuber
if they say hes the first tank that transforms, thats a lie. Technically DVA is. Even more so Wreching Ball between ball form and gun form. Blizzards is trying to sell us on a gimmick
I think the vortex should disable movement abilities like Zaryas grav
i think these overwatch streamers are trying to make themselves depressed. if he's good, then they'll be sad that he's psuedo pay-to-win. if he's bad, they'll cry that he's bad. he looks cool to me. im still gonna play him if he's fun. hopefully blizzard balances the game so that most heroes are playable. and do you really care what we think? lol streamers just making some of these statements for engagement but they dont really care.
It's weird that his nemesis form is only temperary. Why can't he just switch as he pleases and stay in the mode he likes.
Perhaps his block could either build up an increased range on his nemesis punches or reduce his shield cooldown?
What if ramomtra's block was a parry that if successful pulled off repairs his damaged armor and they made the sky box bigger on his signature move. He could then brawl and fill his little anti air role
I'm gonna do a unranked to bronze 5 on Ramattra
Appreciate your content man that’s one of the reasons I follow you because you bring the truth to the game and don’t hide anything keep it going GGs
Cancel ult is kinda like cancelling rein charge if it’s not the most ideal move or  incase you need to go long range for some reason
I'm 100% sure they tweaked the numbers after they have seen the reactions to the ingame trailer
The new ping system shows distance. Great for testing things like this.
I don't know if his pull down should be to the upper sky box. But if it is shown to be able to pull down Pharah from the air it does need to be higher for that.
why tf he looks like boogie
Yeah it does feel like he's going to be a victim on the map tbh. His vortex definitely needs to go to sky box, his damage isn't as bursty as I thought so it seems his only role could be anti air. I do like that you can escape laterally from it though, if it was a cage that lasted that long it would be ridiculous for choke points. Road just absolutely victimises and outpressures him, Rein probably just delays and charges his ult or blocks it and Orisa/Sigma just seems like better versions of him. Maybe he shits on doom with his slow or excels against ball not having to deal with a frontline his pressure is probably good but those aren't really played anyway. I was super worried about his burst damage but with the low projectile it seems bad and to ne fair road(hook), rein(charge) and orisa(with spear) already have crazy burst against squishy heros as is.
Vortex should be higher, and sojourns slide should be more affected, his punch should count as projectile for dva sig and such
genji is just straight up dead now, o7
heavily disagree about reinhardt being stronger Reinhardt v Ramattra  Punches = around 100 damage a second (0.6 punches a second at 60 damage) Reins swing = around 87 damage a second  Punches = 11 meter distance Reins = 5 meters  This is ignoring the gun ramattra has to shoot when reins trying to get close but once he enters 11 meters then ramattra gets to start swinging and this damage can't be blocked
buff my boy xd. personally i think he needs longer nemesis form, abt 1-2 seconds buff, the pulldown ability NEEDS to go HIGHER and, and, his ultimate NEEDS to ignore shields and/or have a LONGER ult time, 12 seconds maybe ? if it doesnt go trough shields 12 might even be not too good
Meh. I'll keep sticking to Zarya, Orisa, Rein and Roadhog. But actually, this is kinda what I expected. Trailers and developer videos always oversell new heroes.
Guess the junker queen mythic is more important than the next hero. Can't wait for a super buffed queen lmao
Damn that's sad. I was gonna try and be a tank main.
Does his block in nemesis form negate stuns like hook
Dose Ana sleep stop ult
Well this is going to be another brig situation but the opposite direction
if ramatras ult is just small nono bots doing dmg shouldnt it dmg sheilds as well
Just realized, wouldn't Sym hard counter his ult with hers? I know you can move across, but good Syms can place smart walls, and the 3 second duration is REALLY short. Though I guess Lucio is kind of mandatory with Ramattra? idk Anyway I love Sym and it's nice to think about her getting a little more love.
If you press Lshift itll cancel the ult  As it says on the screen to Lshift to cancel
Flats obviously can’t use him
Honestly glad they gave early access to you so we could all see the numbers, because like you said he absolutely sounded like he'd dominate so people were very concerned. I'm finding it VERY funny that he's no longer a counter to shields & barriers while using Annihilation when his Pummel in Nemesis without ult DOES counter shield and barrier.. Like, make up your mind about that. Winston bubble around a Ramattra using Annihilation is basically Lucio booping a Reaper using Death Blossom in terms of effectiveness being snuffed out; however, a Lucio booping Death Blossom requires SKILL and throwing a bubble down does not. I like a good counter, but it, um, isn't adding up and is just a brief laugh rather than something to applaud.  Also, is he area denial, is he brawly, or is he poke? I get he's Tempo, but what the actual? His regular form is currently more beneficial to be in since his staff doesn't have falloff and he can be quite far away and still do the same damage, unlike Pummel where you're not technically punished for engaging in close combat but you essentially are. Break Rein's shield but he still has his hammer, so good luck! If you have to use your Block, there goes your Nemesis form AND you're not doing damage or gaining anything from Block except not dying right then and there. I initially thought Ramattra would be like Doomfist when I saw a blocking ability, but he's not because him blocking really is just defense for himself and doesn't enable anything further.  There's for sure no way Vortex doesn't get buffed when Ramattra enters comp so that it can ACTUALLY deny vertical movement from Pharah and Mercy while they're in it on the ground as well as increase the skybox so it ACTUALLY reaches high enough to get them out of the air. Echo's flight can be horizontal like you showed, so if an Echo chooses to use it that way to potentially get to a safer area rather than have the upper hand right away, then in my opinion that should be allowed because of the way she starts it. Maybe if Mercy uses Guardian Angel (but without the jump AKA naturally slower movement exacerbated by Vortex) toward an ally who is in her LOS and miraculously unaffected by Vortex, then she too can be free. MAYBE Pharah use her Concussive Blast to get out of the circle or at least close enough to the edge that she can escape it? Maybe her Jump Jet is still available but more than a little affected by the slow?  I'm a new player who has avoided tank because of the responsibility (yet I'm SUPPORT?!), but here's a lot of my thoughts.   1A) I don't think his Block should even be an ability but rather a feature of Nemesis form when he's not using Pummel. This way he's more vulnerable (but has mobility) while using Pummel, and then if the player chooses to stop engaging then his movement will be slowed down while also taking less damage. The damage reduction decreases gradually until it reaches zero and forces him to Pummel once again in order to be effective in the fight. With that block FEATURE he's able to survive a little longer until he gets backup since the only way to kill him while he's not Pummeling is his back hitbox, which only someone who is skilled enough could target before he turns around to Pummel them.   1B) Nemesis while not in ult doesn't even last that long for Block as an ability to be a reasonable use of that time (and again therefore shouldn't be an ability but a feature like I mentioned). With what I proposed in 1a, maybe Nemesis SHOULD be a toggle. Hear me out, THAT'S setting an actual tempo. Maybe his punches take a little longer in-between and/or he does less damage with each punch in order for such a toggle to not be ridiculous, but I'd prefer he have the two playstyles than what's going on for him right now since him regaining armor every Nemesis basically undoes the damage done to him. Even with the toggle he won't be Doom in the backline, but he'd ACTUALLY be able to a lil something something?? YES please! It should be noted he won't be able to switch to his regular form during Annihilation, but until that key is pressed the player gets to choose from moment to moment how they want to play it.  2) Even if it becomes a feature instead, Ramattra shouldn't be able to block during his ult. That combo is a boring way to play. He's already doing damage endlessly in an AOE to enemies within that range after pressing just ONE key, so he shouldn't have THAT strong of a defense. Sure Annihilation's damage is over time and using Pummel during ult does something to ensure kills, but literally continuing to do damage rather passively while in a defensive stance so you don't die as quickly sounds so uninteresting. Right now, the person at his back better be LUCKY enough to be damage or tank in order to hit his hitbox quickly enough to end the ult before the whole team dies. Imagine instead if the whole team manages to target him even while the nanites are draining them, in which case he should die along with the couple of ally squishies who were unfortunate. If more health (preferred over additional armor) during Annihilation would be needed for that, I wouldn't be mad at it because of the actual skill involved in killing him or even just evading him.   3) Does Annihilation really NOT have damage falloff? I get its reach is 15m but come on, change that because someone backing out will still be hit the same amount when to me it makes more sense that the nanites be more concentrated the closer you are to Ramattra.  4) In keeping with Pummel piercing shields, perhaps the nanites from Annihilation are surely unable to reach enemies through shields and barriers but instead of being stopped completely the nanites will target those first to break them, and then resume killing leftover enemies. That way, if the team does not manage to run away or kill him by then they're essentially facing a reset because of lack or coordination, etc. If the team still manages to die en masse after the amount of time it takes for the bubble to either break or expire, it would be classified as a skill issue.
2:20 the fact that the shield almost ends before he Finishes his voice line is hilarious, it needs to last for longer
5:25 Wait that is 10 meter??? I never notice that.
What did you expect they ruin overwatch and now they ruin heroes and cant properly think of counters. Its sad to see how far an amazing game fell 😢
This guy is so obese lol ofc he has a overwatch channel
If they wanted a "tempo" character, full push it and make his nemesis form way stronger, his blocks should tank a higher percent,  vortex has increased effects and range while in nemesis (Or better make it surround him in a wide range), wider punch hit boxes to make you feel like a mini boss.   But in exchange, you cant choose when to transform. You fill up a bar from dealing damage, taking damage from shield or on yourself. When it hits the max, you can press shift to transform, or it will auto transform in the next 3 seconds. Make it last slightly longer, so if you can time it well, you basically use this stronger buffed form in the entire fight. Else you gotta stay back and keep poking till you get the bar filled or you prematurely transform back into the weaker form before the fight ends.
"You don't get to pick what you want most of the time unless you're an exceptionally good one trick"   🦓
Staff form looks a LOT like old Orisa, ngl. - Similar primary - Snaring soft-cc projectile - Stationary grounded  barrier on cd - Damage resistance via shift  Just swap the E and Secondary buttons and voila.
His punches should do extra damage for direct contact, like a punch+shockwave damage
Then he get's released, people get good at controlling his tempo and he dominates. People are doubting the fact that Ram can be both Sigma and Rein, albiet a bit weaker than each.
Damn, I was looking forward to Ramattra too
its like they want him to be hard and strong when played well but at the same time how can that happens when the thing marketed as your strongest thing (his transform) isnt even close to something like rien swinging his hammer  imo buff his melee damage to 70 and give it knockback if he punched u with the actual hand and suck if he punched you with the projectile  make his ground a actual ground u cant use movement abilities in it in caster form it gets super high range(vertically) in brawler form it gets a suck to try to keep them in the middle of it  and give his shield a 13sec CD and it last 5sec or 4.5sec  imo this will either make him good or strong and needs a small nerf
so e and shield is trash
its a mercy killer if you dont have a pharah constantly keeping you in the air ig lmao
Gotta play him but be still seems very strong, might be a bit too easy to kill and anti air seems weak but his damage output seems insane. I think he will stomp worse players but be useless if he's worse than the enemy team
Csgo hitbox is the only realistic one
Rammatra isn't bad, he's balanced. People have just gotten used to getting broken heroes on release and complaining about them, and saying how the devs are useless, that when there's a balanced hero on release they don't know how to react. So they just call him weak.   Rammatra actually takes skill to play and that's why he's balanced, no funny button to insta win, no anti fun button so people can complain, just a normal character.
it's not just contrary to most people's belief, it's also contrary to your belief
He looks fun to play but yeah he does seem useless. I feel like blizz doesn't really know how to balance tanks when there is only 1 per team now. Either op broken or useless
Weren't you losing your shit on his staff attack a few days ago? Text remains the same, what changed?
Overwatch seems to like a good idea and then say: hey let's put more cool ideas but nerf everything so it's not broken. So you end up with a lot of things that may seem broken but their numbers are just weird and they don't really work as intended
The biggest problem I see with him is that he has a shield like Brigitte, Reinhardt, or Sigma, but theirs are on command and at worst, if they break, it's something like a 5 second cooldown. A 15 second cooldown for a shield you place for 4 seconds is not good. That means you play Ramattra for the rest of his kit, but then you pointed out how the rest of the kit isn't bad, but it's not that good either
im not suprised that blizzard has there new baby fall from the changing table.. after the fktup ranking system i got no hope anyway~
I actually think that blizzard doesnt even know how to play their own game and it shows in how all the new characters are bad and even worse in what blizzard wanted them to do lol
This guy had so much potential and what happened BLIZZARD FUCKED IT UP. Seriously like what was I expecting this game let us down so much and now that we could’ve gotten something cool we got more garbage
Wow he looks like he sucks lol
Um... there is a prompt to cancel the ult with Shift. That would make it a really weird bug.
Make a move that counters fliers and high mobility, it doesn't have infinite upward range, it doesn't heavily restrict horizontal movement while in it. So it's got more or less no real use against fliers and has very limited use vs high mobility characters? Why even add CC if it won't do anything good? Just give him a one shot ability like roadhog vs fliers at that point instead of a CC that requires aiming down to hit something you can't look at while trying to hit it, which doesn't even reward you properly for hitting it, you're better off playing roadhog and hooking them out of the sky.
20% damage reduction would be nice
9:08 That was the entire selling point for me, god damn it. All those dreams of ripping flying bastards from the air... Honestly I feel like Vortex should have been an ultimate, but cranked up to 11 from where it's now
His ult is basically moira biotic sucky sucky on roids.
Yo Flats, when are we going to see you do some tik tok dances with Artemis?
hes still a chad and very fun to play
Thanks so much for showing of OW2's FIRST tempo tank!!
It straight up looks like they just plain forgot to design defenses for this guy, so they gave him a watered down sig shield and a watered down doom block.  That will not cut bait.
Watch this make me think how strong would he be if it was  6vs6
Just imagine you use nemesis abs go for the backline,, soldier runs away, Moira fades, kiriko TPs and sombra leaves... A no movement, close range tank with a bad shield is gonna be real hard
No joke he just seems like a worse Orisa. I miss how Orisa use to play, and it seems like they just all of Orisa's old abilities and reused them only worse. "Ramattra staff = orisa handgun", "tank block=fortify", "Ramatra shield = Orisa shield", "Vortex=Orisa pull", only thing missing is Orisa's old ultimate, if Ramattra had an ult that bossted the team or like reduced the damage of the enemy team then yeah I say they just took all of Orisa's abilities and gave them to Ramatta. Not only did they have take Orisa's abilities/gameplay away buy to use it on another character really irks me.
I think it would be better to let him change to nemesis form without cooldown, but a cooldown towards the changing form skill (12 secs perhaps). In this case the blocking wouldn’t be much of a debuff
Was excited to see ramattra was going to be an anti air person. Super sad to see he’ll only be a good counter against mercy since pharah and echo have a jump ability built in.  Instead of that jump mechanic I wish they’d just give mercy a jump anyways I feel mercy main pain already this will push even more ppl away from support unless they do something to make support more fun
Today I saw 2 videos side by side - “ramattra is broken” then the 2nd being “ramattra’s trash” it sucks because you can’t believe everyone anymore but flats actually explains that he isn’t even really good and I’m glad he did.
This video gave me the patience to grind to BP level 55 instead of throwing $20 to blizzard. I probably wasn't going to anyways since I'm not too fond of this season's cosmetics, but that extra temptation of "Getting the new hero while they're OP" is gone.
I could deal with his pull not being the best, but his ult being so easily countered by shields seems really annoying
Boogie is back? nice
Bro sounds like a cod zombie
Ramatra lucio comp
The Punching with Kiriko super would be broken
13:50 you got one thing wrong. Moira would never heal
I think in nemisis form, they should just take out block and just give his health full armor
Some of the animations made me think of Inara from Paladins. Dunno if its just me
hes a very under tuned tank which idk if thats better than him coming out and being op
Even Hog seems to be a better aerial restricting character
Does the punching still give Zarlya energy?
Hmm... Second tank with low basic hp and no armor (or shields) I think blizzard will focus on tank like that on future
The vortex seems bad, both casual and pro players will find it hard to use that ability properly since the height on it is so low and even then besides cou tering pharah and mercy it seems almost useless. His nemesis form is nice but I can see casual players complaining a bit about duration but pro players having no issue. The shield is a hard one  as well as pro players won't have issues but casuals will not like a shield that goes away so quickly. The ultimate seems good except for that shift bug/feature, that is going to make a lot issues as even I press shift on instinct when I want to run.
You didn't test Winston dive inside vortex, didn't they advertise his ability to completely shutdown Winston's dive ability?
I do think it’s one of those he’s good with certain players thing times two but I’m interested in his kit
It would be cool if he had a speed boost such as blocking in nemesis ramps up his speed so he could speed and slow and be an actual “tempo tank”
I thought his shift ability was a toggle between two modes so the block would be fine to use in heavy incoming damage then go punching when you can. But because the shift Nemesis form is on a cd it just makes it feel like a bad time to press block while in Nemesis form as you feel like you're wasting your cooldown.
oh no.. not overpowered? Anyways.
His best thing is the regular shooting staff I stg
id rather his vortex be a mobility ability instead. like it pushes you up and sucks enemies down
I am glad he is not op as it means he wont receive nerfs, by him being introduced weaker than expected he is more likely to be buffed in the long run and therefore feel better later on as opposed to being amazing day 1 and then by week 2 be turned into the next Doomfist, I am still gonna play him as I have been wanting him since Storm Rising and have been super pumped since his announcement so if he works thats all I care for even if he is just a pub stomper, I dont play comp anymore, I got to masters and have no more goals in mind so a pub stomper is kinda what I need right now, he isn't OP by any means but I think when given the right tweaks he can find his place in the roster
discord mod?
His punch should be somewhere between 80 to 100 damage given how squishy he is even when in nemesis form. Even doomfist block have some utilities outside of damage reduction. To me, his nemesis form is how just a meat shield to recover hp and wait for CD, not a threat as they said he was. His aerial denial abilities should range as high as the skybox can. Since it is a projectile that need to land on the ground right underneath the flyers for it to take effect. And the slow from it is absolutely weaker than sorjourn E. Knowing the number now, it's not a bad idea to give him his ult dmg reduction back. He's not that tanky in nemesis form. I would only see myself swapping to nemesis form to heal up, move back to cover and swap back immediately.
i dont wanna act like i know more than flats, but in my head, i feel like ramattra wouldnt be that bad against rein? he has the ability to shatter block, and if he's fighting rein  up close, i feel like he couldnt time his block with each of reins swings and then throw in a punch in between?
I'm glad he's not op at launch so you won't be at an objective disadvantage if your team doesn't have access to him
I mean... I applaud Blizzars for introducing a new hero that doesn't seemed busted on launch.  But Rammy does seem a bit underwhelming
Does the Ramattra Nemesis Punches damages Winston shield twice? Hit on entering shield and hit on leaving shield?
Ok maybe he does need the 50%dmg dealt to his ult back.
I love how ball is never mentioned on any creator videos, awful hero state, even worse than DF. Sad.
How does his shield piercing nemesis form auto work with Zarya bubble? does it go through, charge up bubble, both?
C๏nfiͥ∂eͣnͫτS๏nf
Iam
Feel like he’s more of a Winston dive counter rather than a brawler. Winston jumps in he throws vortex down so he can’t leap out and then focus him with nemesis because it goes through shield
Who bad game fan? Iam
NJ78QP please tell me what else I could do here I'm so confused
it looks like the just slowed character movement a percentage. they should also restrict acceleration. it just looks so underwhelming
as someone who's two favourite characters in overwatch is Reinhardt and Zenyatta, I was super excited for Ramattra! To the point that I was actually thinking about buying the battle pass just to play him as soon as possible now I'm heartbroken that he's not even worth playing
HEEEELLLL, Good thing you did the youtube thing, I actually weren't subbed, and have been watching a bunch of  your stuff lately, love your content man, keep it up :D Ramattra looks cool, seems to be all he REALLY got tho :p
Another reason to nerf ramattra
I can't wait for the Rammattra editz if he pops off on launch
1) how do his punches interact with genji deflect? And his E? 2) can he be stunned out of ult and out of his block?
The day Ramattra was anounced I had a dream that I was testing him in the shooting range and he was garbage. Now that we know the numbers, so-to-speak, I feel like my dream was a premonition. Shield doesn't have enough HP and/or doesn't last long enough. Vortex is an absolute joke. Sojourn can kill a squishy with her massive AOE, but Ramattra's is a minor inconvenience at best. Punching doesn't pack a punch and so you basically only transform to be like a boxer getting hard pressed against the ropes. Tempo tank? Orisa and Junker Queen are more of a tempo tank than Ramattra. They're all about cycling cooldowns. Ramattra is about flailing around and hoping the rest of your team wins the fight.  I can only hope for rapid adjustments.
The vortex should be reworked into a pseudo imprisonment chamber that blocks damage done by the target from the inside but lets your team shoot them down from the outside
Wow, big let down. I hope they adjust his kit to make him atleast good in one of the areas they wanted to make him viable in
I find him very good
How do we reframe this in the narrative of the overpowered shit to Sell battle pass?!
jus be better
unfortunately this is classic blizzard, either the new thing comes out and is OP or it comes out and just doens't stack up
He looks like he was made for 6v6 imo
Bruh,  his brawler form is already better than Winston ult with the damage and no knockback
I’m honestly disappointed I was so hyped for him but hey at least my main doomfist is getting fixed 😂
sounds like any competent player would be able to counter him
The vortex feels like when you run out of fly traps and have to use sugar and water in a bottle cap...   Also where's this "tempo" they kept speaking of? There is no tempo in this kit whatsoever...
It’s funny how everyone was screaming that he’s gonna be pay to win & now they are pissed he’s weak lol.
I haven't watched you in a long time flats but you seem that you lost a little bit of weight. Keep going man much love
So... Does Remattra ult just get bodied by Zarya bubble?
I thought the transformations were gonna be permanent but with an 8 seconds cooldown before you can transform again. A little disappointing overall.
Can he be Reinhart pinned in his ult
How do u get early access
we were so worried about skin prices, we never stopped to think about how the heroes themselves felt
I can see to much abilities actually. A shield, e, 2 forms left click, form change skill, ult, block...  I can feel it's way too much cooldown management
also can anna sleep him when he is in the ult
as a tank main i dont mind since i think we have enough tanks, especially sice its only one tank in a team
i think he will be good at low elo
Oh my god, How could an idea be so well put together but executed so poorly? Ok, How do we fix this?  One. Just don't allow people to use movement skills in vortex and increase its height or allow us to activate it again in midair of a cylinder above and below. Two. Make the main fire follow where we are aiming a little better. three. Maybe make his shield sit up a little longer or have a very small decrease to how long it takes to come back up. Four. The ult? Make it drain shields it is attempting to go through and pause the uptime while doing so?
"In higher elo, you dont get to pick what you want, you pick what's going to win you the game" I find that reality to be...weirdly sad. Like the idea that the more you play, the better you get, but the better you get, the least important it is to enjoy what you're doing, but rather all that matters is winning.  the only game i found where you can still have fun even when losing in titanfall 2. I'm not sure what exactly makes it less frustrating to lose in that game, but one thing is simply that it doesnt try to make you feel bad about losing, no big red text saying 'you lost' and then showing how the opposite team won and not you. I dunno, make it's not comparable, but this is why i personally stopped comp. And i actually enjoyed the game way more once the fear of defeat was gone
I was worried about him the way that they “sold” him to us. But now? Jesus I hope he gets buffed. As a Sombra main (sorry, not sorry), I am kind of worried that the only time I will need to even look at him is to hack his ult because it is really the only skill I see a hack actively stopping. And that will turn him into just a pixel equivalent of a paperweight.
The problem with early access to a hero is it doesn't actual measure them against the tanks we have now. We are measuring first day Ramattra gameplay against Winston or Rein who have been out for 6+ years. We need to see people actually make the efforts to find his new playstyle and optimal cooldowns/distances/teammates/matchups before we can start saying he is weak or strong imo
Ok so I believe I understand the tank's kit pretty well. It's almost balanced. The only way it would fix the balancing issues is make the shield like sigma's shield were he can put it out and pull back. If they were to do that I would say it'd be balanced. BTW I'm a high bronze so if I'm wrong be gentle. LOL
Does mercy guardian angel out faster if she flies to someone on the ground?
Trailer: omg ramatra is OP In all actuality: omg ramatra is a tease
So we just not gonna talk about the new payload map bro was on?
As his brother would say, "how... disappointing".
Blizzard did listen, they have made a play to lose character 👏👏
Overwatch players: complain to no end about a new tank being OP, then when they see it's bad they complain too. Like ???
"Rammatra's staff nanites deal bonus headshot damage"  Literally just double damage like any other normal headshots 💀 they really had us thinking gatling gun Kiriko kunais
better they release new heroes a bit too weak than op. People always make heroes work and he will get buffed anyway soon because they want to sell the battlepass obviously
It seems that this hero was modeled for bunker play. He has a poke and a sheild for keeping the enemy at a distance. Then he also has a downward suck that seems to pull characters in closer quarters like on Lijiang Tower and an alternate form that penetrates shields for closer combat. I feel like this character is meant to be played on control maps.  Any tests to see if the vortex can be triggered against walls or if it can be triggered on ledges and has a hitbox below the spawn point.
I will say. I'm glad the new hero isn't op right out of the gate although I do hope he gets some buffs eventually.
now lets wait for blizzard to never really nerf roadhog  again fair balancing btw
imo they should not release other heroes till they balance all the other heroes for once.  Remove the beam from Moira, Mei, Zarya. These Characters are a joke and should not be able to deal any damage with the amount of aiming skill required. Make them actually have to aim and hit shots. Make it go through deflect if necessary so the kids dont cry nerf genji. No Tanks and Supports should be able to play TDM. In what world is that fair? dont come crying and say "if youre good you can still win" i do. 13 times in a row 9 times potg with genji. Still frustrating and not fair to play against. Tanks are designed to be more powerful than the other heroes because in ow there were 2 , now just one. I think yall sleeping on cree. hes good on long-mid range and even close now because of his left click+sticky nade that deals 120 dmg with soft lock. compare it to genji who has to aim. 50 50 if you die to sticky nade and one shot. These game has a lot to work on but its way better than in the Original Overwatch. But in no world its fair that im losing to a mei because she has 250 health even tho im hitting all my shots even one shuriken headshot per hit. Can hit all headshots all the time no one can. This game is not competitive unless they change/rework some heroes. I would like to hear flats opinion on that topics
DF not the troll pick anymore 😈
The fact that the diameter of the gravity ability is relatively small, doesn't really make much sense that the vertical height of it isn't taller to reach high flying heroes, especially since you're going to have to be pretty accurate when throwing it on the floor, aiming for a flying character. Or at least if it doesn't then pull them all the way down, just also slow them or restrict their ability to literally just zoom out of it, till they get to a certain height from the ground, then they get pulled to the ground. Just my thoughts on that part.
I had a feeling he was overhyped. Or at least easy to dive against
Why can’t they just release a broken op character and then fix them smh
Honestly? Punish the bad Pharahs  His vortex can stay where it is and it will take those Pharah players that aren't even really that good in bronze to gold, out of the pool. If it just sucked Pharah out the sky for him to make an easy pick cause Pharah can't just sit back and spam all match at some point they have to move in for dive/flank picks, and if Rammattra can just turn around pop a cooldown and end her than Pharah wouldn't be usable against him cause she would need to play passively, it would take her out of the game without even needing a hitscan. Course i can see conc being useful if you DO get stuck but it shouldn't reach the skybox. It should test a Pharah's skills but not just make her a useless pick.
6.5/10
Im pretty sure they cut his numbers to quell outrage and annoyance while they get their mtx, dont worry im sure they will nerf Genji.
im pretty sure this dude is gonna absolutely OBLITERATE low elo since his kit is just "DPS hero but tanky"
He reminds me of Junker Queen. Sounds really cool on paper but oh boy does she dies as fast  as a Dps or Support characters and most of the time you are playing like a flanker or Damage role. Cant be tanking anything. Too squishy and gets outclassed by others tanks.  Junker Queen and Ramttra seems like Brawlers roles, not Tank roles.
Im pretty sure they want you to time your slow ability on dashers, jumpers, flyers or sliders. In other videos ive seen how it grounds winston mid jump. Pretty sure this ability timed right can effect dva, echo, genji and soujorn and others after they try to use their escaping ability. I think theyre trying to steer away from spammed abilities like hack to a skilled/timed one. It actually does feel like hack, the way they dont let u spam hack anymore but rather prefer it used as a timed cancel.
Just silence movement abilities in vortex and i think the character is in a much better place
I think they should remove cooldown for transformation. Just allow him to swap back and forth, I think that would increase his utility significantly and like Flats has pointed out, his nemesis form isn't exactly OP.
What I think would make him way better:  1. no cooldown on nemesis form 2. put block on a duration (like 5 secs) and then goes on cd 3. Make health scale when you change forms (half health nemesis form=half health omnic form)   Let’s you play in the mode as you see fit and would feel way more dynamic
Good takes and well paced as always. Id personally rather have this as a baseline to test than just throw a busted character in the game. Im sure they were aware of how broken the anti air or the punch would be. Just gotta find out thru games and time. I got high hopes. Time to go huff more copium
So he has orisa's primary fire (but it's slower and does less damage), has monkeys shield (but it's smaller and doesn't cover 360°), has sojourn's slow field (but it's worse and also its harder to use because its a skill shot granade throw), has transformation ability which turns him into reinhardt (but he does less damage in a smaller area which u have to activity aim because the aoe size of it is a lot smaller than its visuals) and an aoe ultimate (which can be countered with either a sleep, a bubble or a sleep bubble... or even worse, a flail with brigitte, then her holding her right click 🤦‍♂️) he's not even out yet and all my hype for this character is gone because like he can do alot of things but he just sucks at all of them. Like even the thing which is unique to him specifically which is the anti air ability can't even stop a target from flying cuz it's either too short to reach them or they can launch themselves out of it then fly. This is actually really depressing. (Edit) Almost forgot about the doom fist block which doesn't actually do anything other than an reduce incoming damage and forces you into a position where the entire enemy team is staring at you while you're pressed up against a wall unable to do anything 💀... but hey atleast you can contest an overtime push... kinda... and his punch is pretty good... for 8 seconds...
Its okay to have heros launch not very strong. I'd much prefer them to launch on the weaker side than have them launch like brig 1.0, especially if they're locked behind the battlepass
it tells you lshift cancels
Cool design, amazing voice, absolutely terrible kit & execution. "Unblockable" damage is literally his only positive if the enemy team has even a single brain cell.
And here I was hoping Ramattra may replace Orisa as one of my mains... guess I am stuck with Spear Donkey, Edgy Gamer Girl, and Street pig as a back up. I used to be a Roadhog main when I first starting playing Overwatch 1 now I only play him on certain maps, Ilios Well, Nepal Sanctuary, Route 66 occationally but not often. Usually though when I play ow 2 lately I am trying to get wins for the weekly so I stick with Orisa and Dva.
The problem Blizzard has created for themselves is that since Ramatraa has so many abilities, even buffing one could completely break the character. However, tanks need to a little on the stronger side since there’s only one per team. I think Blizzard was afraid of creating Sigma 2.0, but ended up being too cautious with the numbers.
Cassidy's ult is no longer the longest ult. It's now Ramattra's ult
Does his punches go through genji deflect I just realized because you said it goes through shields and genji deflect kinda acts like a shield so does it go through?
I feel like to make ramattra better would be Make the shield simular to sigmas where it can be opened and closed instead of automatically going away. As bad as it sounds keep the ultimate the same if they buff that it might just be broken since the ramattra could quite literally dominate ur team if u had no counter, Buff his block making it block ALL damage so its actually useful and last but not least Increase the size of the circle and def increase the height of his vortex so it can actually grab mercys n pharas outa the sky and then ramattra will be good n not 2 broken at the same time
Granted he isn't the worst tank in the game... cries in ball
I really thought he'd be like Lucio and be able to switch between forms for however long he wants...maybe they'll rework that who knows
Title: 😍 Thumbnail 😠
Looks like a character I am gonna be playing a lot of
With his ult being that easy to counter as a hog and winton main i feel better seeing this video knowing he isn't the power house they made him out to be. They really tried to make it seem like oh he can shut down pharmacy and shut down echo and all the big movement based heros but they really dropped the ball on this one and i hope they dont screw up the next few heroes. only time will tell if they buff him which im sure they will but hey at least sojurn can still one shot everyone FeelsGoodMan.
it's good that his ult can be shut down by other tanks, but it really is a shame that gravity vortex doesn't reach the top of the skybox...
I think the biggest value of the vortex is to secure headshots on squishies who have used their movement cooldowns by removing the jump. And maybe if it can cancel a widow hookshot or something, but hog is better at that sort of thing.
Noooo T.T whyyyy
I was under the impression that the cylinder would not have a ceiling limit... there's no point otherwise.
You're all falling to the trap. They want you to complain about him being underpowered so that they can overtune him based on your input. Say nothing. This character is fine as is. Absolutely fine. Let's see how the character releases.
trash
That’s pretty sad but ehh, at least he is visually cool!
#23 on trending, congrats man!
What happens if Lucio uses beat in the circle?
Rammatra is not a good tank but his ult will be op in low elos, unless the tank figures out that the shield could counter his ult and it's over
Man this character could be awesome with some balancing, so I'm going to try.  These changes attempt to make Ramattra Nemsis feel more like a more powerful tank while giving his omnic form a more defensive long range style of attack. These changes will probably push him towards the overpowered side of the spectrum so some things may need to be removed or changed.  Void Accelerator - Reduce fire rate - Reduce clip size - Greatly increase projectile speed, if not just make it hitscan  Void Barrier - Just remove the time limit  Nemesis Form - Increase armor gained upon activation - Make him immune to CC like Ana's sleep dart and Orisa's spear - Greatly Increase cooldown, somewhere like double  Pummel - No change  Block - Make it like Zarya where attacking the block makes pummel more powerful for the duration of Nemesis Form and Annihilation  Ravenous Vortex - Remove damage - Increase movement speed penalty - Dissable movement abilities while inside - Make it infinitely high - Possibly make cooldown longer  Annihilation - Make the AOE have the same as effect Ravenous Vortex above (does not stack with Ravenous Vortex) - Remove duration so that an enemy must be within the AOE - Increase range of AOE - Allow AOE to pass through shields
honestly, as a Mercy main, this gives me hope!
Ramattra seems interesting. I definitely think he will be strong, just nowhere near as strong as we had been led to believe. He seems like a badass story wise, but gameplay wise, he seems like a wet noodle. I hope playing him tomorrow surprises me.
He seems weak but very punishing for bad decisions
I don't take too serious what people have to say in early access. Flats had also said Junker Qeen was not that strong only for her to actually be THAT strong once people figured her out
The moment Blizzard sees this video, they'll panic and rage buff him immediately....otherwise, no money lol
Please go visit a gym,..
fully convinced that his pull move is bugged. i can see a world where they buff his pull with a bigger aoe and skybox, give him a slight speedboost when he presses shift/ult but even then I don't know if that will make him close to good. he is vulnerable to cc so hard its not even funny. maybe giving him cc immunity with the block could work but you would have to put it on cooldown. i really wanna see him shine though because his design is top notch. dunno how he would change the hog meta though bc even with those buffs he still gets murdered by hog. really upsetting to say the least...
Meis freeze ray does a better job then the vortex 😑
This is the other negative side of putting heroes in the battle pass that I've mentioned before. They run the risk of not only making the character overperform, but also underperform on arrival. Imagine being a dev trying to cautiously balance a hero to not cause outrage that this new hero is "meta" and has to be unlocked or bought through the battlepass just for your team to perform well, while also being good enough that they don't feel underwhelming. That's an impossible position to put your developers in. I actually think its better for the game for heroes to overperform on release rather than underperform. Nothing is worse than a new hero who is dead on arrival and drives no interest.
Imo his ult shouldn't have an increased duration, damage, or whatever, but it should be given extra utility   Imagine if the ult did hella increased damage to barriers. Most barriers would still counter his ult (except Brig lol) but their barriers would be like 80% destroyed. If coordinated your team could destroy the barriers with you and the ult would have additional value
I swear blizzard is designing characters for a 6v6 game. The recent tanks seem effective as ow1 off tanks.
having such a strict cooldown on his big form is really cringe, as a "tempo tank" his abilities should all extend the big form's duration if he uses them well. That would reward skillful play and ability management
It feels like Ramattra was made for ow1 and seems like he'd need a stronger main tank to back him up because his kit does feel slightly underwhelming and overhyped for what we got. Making some changes to mainly things like his nemesis form and both shield and block ability would help him alot along with increasing the range of his punches.
Flats is trending on gaming holy shit,, W bro.
Kind of bummed his Nemesis form is limited - was hoping it would be a toggle. He's going to be a free meal for most of OW2 roster.
I assume it lets you cancel so you can switch out of nemesis mode to get your staff if you needed it for some reason so you can't stuck with your fists.
I hope Blizz listens to this video bc damn it's a huge letdown. He's a cool character lore-wise.
Honestly i rather him be weak rn and then get patched into being better you have to remember he’s locked in the bp so at least this makes him feel less ptw which I’m fine with though hopefully they make him better in time and then by that time most everyone has gotten him
so the same 5 for the next meta also. Nice too see they arent addressing the laser beam girl
Change his shield to work the same as sigma. And extend the range of the punches and vortex would be a huge change
I think he will be fun(note I said fun not viable or good) with sombra. Their ults seem like they will combo well and allow you to actually get good value out of it. I also think he and bastion could work together well. when he ults bastion can shred any shield that comes up during it. I think comboing his ults gonna be nessasary to get value out of it. Also as a junkrat main I'm terrified for the day where I bounce myself with a mine and he yeets my ass back to the ground.
He's not necessarily bad, we just haven't learned any proper strats or anything yet for him... he's balanced so we must simply learn to play him
As a Pharah main I can say, I wish the E would be generally larger, like boost the radius by five meters and have the vertical range extend up to the skybox to at least make it threatening! Cancelation of movement abilities would also be a welcome buff to it.
My question is can his ult get to people in air?
I agree they should totally buff the grab to make it better than the sojourn bubble and raise the tick to 5 seconds also make shield like sigma
Itd be cool if his E instead trapped them in the circle as a temporary imprisonment. But probably remove the DOT
Wow he’s dog shi 😧😭
Buff Ideas: - 15m punch - Unquestionably strong and rapid vortex pull (due to it being a skill shot and pretty small aoe) with a little more vertical range - Faster movement during Swarm? What do you think?
Ending the ult to prevent the last enemy from getting killed to buy more time before the enemy team can regroup and allow your team to farm back ult on the last enemy.
Sky grab should be straight up and last a Second or so if they happen to walk out 🤷🏻 not that big of a circle, but we’ll see.
Ah yes, the anti-air that is about as useful at anti-air as trying to throw a fishing net at the International Space Station
Say what you want but you can’t deny that his design is badass
Tanks counter other tanks mainly and it’s up to Dps to counter Dps, so thankfully he isn’t to broken
Flats: I am trying to hold off on sharing opinions until the end of the video Also Flats: Put "HE'S BAD" in the thumbnail
all the expectations went down.... it's fucking useless
11:26 so does he do double damage to wintons bubble? Since it goes through it would hit the front and the back of where he is right?
He isn't op probabaly because they put so much stuff in his kit it was hard to balance all of it at once so a lot of it is neutered. The dude is basically 2 overwatch 2016 heroes in 1 with how much shit he has.
Yes, also i'm kinda worried that tanks of lately tend to be created by some box-checking list instead of having 1 unique idea and building all character's abilities, weakness and strength around this said unique idea. It looks like recipe for some recent OW tanks is 1)have some form of shield 2)have some form of damage reduction/absorbtion 3)have some cc in the form of pull or stun. Orisa in OW1, Sigma and now Ramattra are an example.
His Tank form should have been a resource meter you recharge with his staff damage.
Ah yes. A punch that uses the force from his fist can go through shields. But, his small Tether line can't?! Why???
Kinda off topic but it’d be cool to see Bastion get a different ability than grenade while in turret form. Similar to Rammatra’s barrier and block.
Blocking should charge his ultimate (x units) faster
I'm not mad about his design, I think it's fine to have a fairly mediocre tank in the game, but there's no denying that his skill/value ceiling is quite low and it'll be difficult to find value at high tiers of play. I can see him being a fun tank for lower tiers of play, and that's fine.
Of course he isn't a brawl tank he is a "Tempo-Tank".... lol when you paused to check notes I thought blizzard had some required words to be said (plug) for getting early look at him. Turns out was just the twitch streamer forgetting he is on yt. Thx keep up the good content
So Blizzard has no idea what they're really doing?  Shocking.
What is the point of the ultimate?
What if flats is just trying to say that ramattra is bad so no one plays him? 😆
Bro's not even out yet and he needs hella buffs
When they announced him as a new conceptual "Tempo tank" I didn't see it. Its such a broad term and so many heroes in overwatch could be defined as influencing tempo. I mean, its relatively analogous to "making space" in a lot of ways and Ram just doesn't do it. How do any of his abilities outside of his ult control the pace/balance of the match? Sure his ult does, but isn't that true for 80% of the cast?
Here's some ideas to fix Ramattra: 1. Make the anti-air ability actually be able to reach aerial heroes. Have it reach the skybox height or possibly even half that; just make the ability be capable of fulfilling its purpose. 2. Turn Vortex into a "Cripple" effect. Heroes caught in Vortex can't use movement abilities. (I.e. Tracer Blink, Rein Charge, Sojourn Slide, etc.) 3. Just call Ramattra a "Stance Switcher", and have his abilities reflect that. Ramattra should just be able to switch between his Omnic/Nemesis Form just like how Hammond goes into Mech/Ball Form or Lucio's Crossfade. Zarya sounds like more of a "tempo tank" than Ramattra; using her Energy efficently and finding a rhythm with her bubble cooldowns to be effective in a team fight.  It's not that hard Blizzard. Can you just be consistent for once?
Can’t wait for this character to actually be good and it’s gonna make these ‘pros’ are gonna look like bigger morons
The vortex height is stupid. It's the only thing I think they should buff, make it have infinite height.
Now that ive seen his abilities, it seems like a character that was designed around a lot of cool concept ideas but was executed poorly. I also think he was designed during OW1 for 6v6 because as a 2nd tank in a 6v6 comp, I can see how he can synergize well with other heroes, but as a stand-alone tank in a 5v5, he gets stomped and countered pretty quick. Now we wait until blizzard hears all the feedback and makes him broken lol
his suck is very good for out of bounds kill if we are able to use it out of bounds
wonder how he does with ultimate combo's like kiriko's, maybe he was balanced more around those?
as a mei main i wanna say ramattra prime fire is like meis prime fire
What if he had a Lucio aura around him that slowed people down on the other team
Genuinely happy he isnt broken. I LOVE him as a character and was so excited to main him fir a bit, but was pre-feeling bad for playing a broken character. Thank you for the coverage, Flats!
a another comment said it before that he feels balanced around 6v6 and i want to second that, his nemesis forms are fine as a brawl off tank somewhat with the health increase and the block, but his base form with vortex and that shield that lasts 4 seconds with a 11 second cd is gonna suck as a sole tank
Ramattra seems like the tanks smurfs play so their gold friends can pop off and climb
I'd rather him be underpowered than overpowered 🤷‍♀ No complaints here
He looks fun but  Idk if he will be the tank to make me switch of sigma
Ok is it op if they buff the range of nemesis form to 12 to 20 then when u block u can cast the slow/anti jump field cuz yk he doesn't hide his other hands when he's in nemesis form and buff the field so that it can pull like mercy echo phara when there high in the air like that then maybe have like 5 or 6 seconds in the barrier in the other form is that too op if they did that?
Feels like you would have to build the team around him to get the most value. Which would be fun but not gonna happen a ton other than OWL. I am curious to see if comps come out with him in OWL.
I never thought i would quit overwatch. I've played since about a month after release and I'm officially done with it. They haven't fixed monetization, they haven't removed heroes from behind a paywall, they haven't moved heroes up to earlier in the battlepass, they suck at balancing, they suck at patching, they suck at sticking to schedules, they constantly make dumb decisions, most new maps suck, the new game mode is mathmatically less balanced than 2CP (which wasn't as bad as the vocal minority made it out to be). Its super disappointing and i don't see them fixing it.
We can't really take the release seriously. They will end up buffing Ram within the first or second week for sure.
I feel that his E should be more of a gravity well where the opponents should be pulled to the center and made to be higher so that they can just escape out the side or the top.
I'll somehow make him work to be op
Ramattra should be able to toggle nemesis form like bastion used to toggle configure. Obviously lowering the pummel damage to only a slightly bit higher dps then the omnic weapon. The shield should last longer, period. That’s all my requests.
I think the up close brawler we need will be Mauga as the next tank.
I think he looks pretty cool but he def needs some buffs
Pleasantly surprised. He seems relatively balanced, and now Overwatch Reddit won’t be flooded with crybabies who want to play the character immediately without paying $10
maybe helpful to manage the junkrat on my team knocking everyone up in the air while I am trying to target them
I think Reaper gonna counter him pretty well because of the massive damage in close-range teleporting and wraith from preventing damage.
How good this guy is dont matter. The only thing that matters is if he can sell some skins, or a battle pass, or a spray, or an emote, or an unlockable character purchase. If he sells any of that to anyone, he’s a success. Who cares about ranked play.
looks pretty fun but he suffers from being a mile wide and an inch deep
oh man this guy's opinions are so cringe
So after seeing everything flats just showed us I totally agree. I was assuming Ram would be OP because Blizz is incentivized to do that, so I thought that A) The shield would make engaging way too easy, B) the grounding ability would be Sojourn suck but even more OP, C) the ultimate would be far too difficult to play around, and D) the punches would do way too much damage. But as we can see here none of that happened. The worrying thing is that, at a fundamental level, he still basically does everything that both Rein and Sigma can do. All it takes is one buff that overtunes him just a little too much, and he'll be totally gamebreaking.
Hes so worried about the unblockable damage, but he said it was bad while on winston, who already has unblockable damage
Blizzard making a new hero that isn’t immediately overpowered to the point they become the new meta? We must be in an alternate dimension.
Flat I like rammatra and ima try to main him but if he does like 100 dmg to a tracer that’s time to leave
Can he punch through Zar bubble?
Emongg is such a homie lol
Can Rammatra’s ultimate be cancelled by enemy abilities? Example, can Roadhog’s hook/Sigma’s accretion ability be used to cancel Rammatra’s ultimate?
I think it's better that a hero is weak on release rather than them being OP. I mean, look at Sojourn. She's in like every match and people are sick of it. It's better if they're weak and then just buff them later on.
With the bubbling his ult, that’s definitely gonna be most effective high elo, no shot you’re gonna see that in gold and so on
Well I’m not excited for season 2 anymore, honestly I might just delete the game after so many disappointments
Stuipd blizzard
seems like the moria of tanks, low skill ceiling, high skill floor free value with the cleave and autolocking ulti damage but not really meta defining. Hopefully they dont buff it further and make him 100% pickrate. this hero is going to pubstomp low elo for sure
🎉Top 15 !!!!! Congrats🎉
he honestly seems like the moria of tanks, low skill floor free value but kinda bad overall potential and un-specialized, honestly i hope they dont buff it because ramattra will be 100% pickrate if he does everything another niche tank does + more
if they swapped out his snare in his nemesis form with a dash that reset on kill, that'd be cool. make it do like 50 damage on contact too to help burst down a squishy. dash would help you play around cc abilities too. get rid of the movement speed reduction on block as well.
YouTube Flats: 🥰  Streamer Flats: 😈
The default mode of Ramattra is basically weaker version of old Orisa.
Idk guys, this 4secs 1000hp shield is a BIG DEAL since it can work as a Mei wall to separate tanks from mid/long range supports/dps.   Sig can't do that since the shield must pass through the enemy tank and those secs are key for the enemy to react and step back, also Sig's shield recives a considerable amount of damage on that trayectory.  Think about King's Row, place a shield on Rein's Back and you'll have about 1 or 2 secs of a 5v1 fight every 12 secs. That won't mean a kill on high ranks but it'll sure make the enemy waste most of their cooldowns to save their tank.   I see potential, but we'll see.
It feels like they were too cautious on his abilities. His gimmicks are drawn back by his awful cooldowns. If the vertical range of the vortex was better and if it actually emprisonned people, if his shield got less health but stayed longer and if his big punches were usable from a bit further, it would make him feel like a better pick. Upgrading his gimmicks would make him an actual pick I think, idk. :0
I genuinely think if they even gave him like a permanent 50% damage increase he'd still be awful. I was really excited for him this is a big shame, he's not even out and needs a rework lol.
love the little christmas tree flats!
Why doesn't Nemesis Form displace anything? The form already looked like bait in the teaser. I was thinking getting too close would cause enemies to go flying but nope, no boost punches. No cc means a very sad tank.
I'm gonna argue Nemesis form should be buffed and just be his ult form, functioning the same way it does. And in it's place should be given some other ability for  pulling/pushing enemies away into a stun. Or even just make his block absorb damage in nemesis form
Ah yes, the "Tempo Tank". More like the "Poke and Pray" tank because that's all he's gonna be doing for kills. 😂
Either make tanks underwhelming like JQ, or have streamers like Seagull cry about shield tanks again
They gave a champ a Dva hitbox with reinhart range, doomfist refensive ability and junkerqueen damage.  Bruh
E doesent reach the sky box? F tier tank pointless ability doomfist is better pharah counter
You look like roadhog
I think the vortex should just disable all movement abilitys. Period.
could pharah knockback grenade get out of ramattra vortex?
The shield should have been "claw" shaped. Then make it a physical barrier like Mei wall.  Kind of like Leoric's "Entomb" in HotS to those who've played it.
OKAY NOW YOU MIGHT SAY HES MAD BUT HE IS THE BIGGEST REIN COUNTER USING THE CYLINDAR AND NEMISIS WILL DESTROY REIN
Ayy flats is trending let's go
oh boo hoo, im super high and only play meta boo hoo i cant play Ramattra....jesus dude...this is a weird take that makes peeps..much lower elo than most..already sour on a new character. its strange to even post this tbh..till u see it in action,higher or lower elo.. is all im saying.
Having a bad hero on Relase kills the hype.
You can flick block on rematra nemesis form. I wonder if you can flick block reinhart swings and punch back for free.
Lets just wait a few weeks and see what happens
here are some ideas i came up with to make him more efficient:  1- he's punches should deal more damage the closer you are ( max 100 )  2-he's block resets a little bit of cooldowns the higher the damage the more seconds off of his cooldowns ( max 4s )  3-he's pull  gains in height but loses the damage yet immediately gives the enemy a better slow debuff ( so they actually get slower/immobile not like what we saw with echo's example )  4- he's ult should give enemies a new blind effect that puts a purplish filter on the enemy's screen when they're near him so it's harder to find shelter  i made these all up watching the video lol, do u think they're bullshit or are they fair? if at least 2 of these get implemented i think Ramattra would be a great addition to the cast
I feel like a lot of these arguments are super in a vacuum.  Like assuming he's 1v1 everyone and not in a group as a team
Maybe vortex should instead just disable movement abilities, so sojourn can't just slide out, but mercy ult could still fly out, because it's an ultimate
Shield should last for 2 more seconds and have little less cooldown imo. It’s just a worse sigma shield
I have paid for OW many times, mostly in OW1 to get skins in events I didn't have time to play. I have never been less interested in this game sadly. I may skip this season all together. To be fair I am actually happy he isn't meta breaking I am just not into the OW2 blatant money grab nonsense. EDIT: A lot of my current disappointment is in the dev communication. They clearly still have no idea how this game is actually played and can't be trusted to keep it balanced or update balance in a timely or proactive fashion. That is where most of my apathy is coming from.
I’m going to assume he can be hooked ,pushed, tackled and slept through his block. If that actually stopped all of those things, he might be somewhat viable.
I fucking knew he was going to be bad and everyone was wrong. Before listening to the video this is what I guess flats is gonna say:  No mobility Weak CC Shield is very small and ineffective Too vulnerable when off his cooldowns
Vortex is literal garbage lol. Oh boy....
I would love to see Ramattra bronze to master video by you..
Sooo....it's another doom character were he looks fun and enjoyable to play but the other tanks are just way better 😢
Fantastic another JQ. Someone who looks fun and exciting turns out to be a rather boring underpowered mess. As a tank main Im so sad at this point
His kit and look makes me think of: what if Zen was tired of everyone's BS and dropped harmony for full on discord, hit the gym with Rein and got himself a warlock drip.  That being said, if his vortex ability had a higher reach AND disable all movement based abilities, we would get another decent Phara-Mercy counter pick. You can't have too many of those!
I was so excited for Ramattra. Well, atleast Doomfist is peak
11:26 well so does moira's biotic grasp
I wonder what would happen to ball mains
Depending on how things play out, I think he may have to have a little armor in his reg form tbh.
@7:07 wtf is that ult duration.
Tinfoil hat, he'll get significant buffs in a couple of weeks around the same time that players will be unlocking him by completing the battlepass. That way they avoid the feel-bads of not having access to the new OP hero and the argument that the game is pay-to-win (but probably still make money when people buy the battlepass anyway).
if he was op people would have bitched the game is p2w so this is for the best although it will likely still happen
It's bullshit you get early access
So he's kind of a jack of all trades, master of none?
Can't wait to catch Pharah in closed off corridors!
Dude he seems so weak. We should nerf genji.
What if the block did just like doom block but the more damage you take the more range you have in the punches?
I think Rematra's nemesis form should be 30-60 seconds or even better a shift like lucios speed and heal. He was supposed to feel like this absolute monster that's an endeavour to kill but that just the case. So I'm a bit disappointed
This hero is so underwhelming that Flats actually looks depressed in this video 💀
his ult is gonna be so good against lucios and tracers trying to stall point
Honestly at this Rate Bring back 6v6.
I feel like his shield should offer empowered damage of some sort when shot through by himself/allies (similar to Baptiste) which would give enemies high incentive to burn through the shield quickly as ignoring it would be highly punishing (the shield has a moderate to long CD so I don't feel this would be a terrible issue, maybe adjust shield HP as needed). Another thought, is having the shield reduce the travel time of Ram's projectiles while shot through. Additionally, his block stance should empower his ranged-melee attacks (similar to how Doomfist works in his current state). Ramattra's HP is on the lower end but he could potentially buy his team large amounts of space if he could 2-thump squishies that didn't respect him after empowering him during his block. His vortex is straight up underwhelming (buyer's remorse in its current state). Perhaps his ult should damage shields as being completely nullified by them seems rather underwhelming. He may not need all of this at once, and adjusting numbers on their own may be the way to go instead. Ending point, Flats is right in that the tank was pushed as this brawly lock-down tank that will punish you heavily if you're too close in his space and it seems that he may fall flat (haha) in fulfilling that fantasy.
And Reddit said this was going to be a busted Tank. Let's be honest, Tanks can do alot of things, Ramattra is no different, but other tanks can fill the same role as him.
i think they power scaled him so no one would be mad he was broken on release making it pay to win. give it a week or two and they will sort him out
they could just make his E restrict movement abilies and jump by making it like cassiopeia from league of legends , as long as u are in the field u just cant use movewent abilities like sojourn dash or echo dash
thats why hes unlocked on level 55 of the battlepass, so the devs have time to fix him before a lot of people get access to him
Feels bad for Flats. He was so excited for this new unit.
They LEGIT TOLD US IN THE BEGINNING, his auto attack was going to be like that and streamers BITCHED about it ? Wtf bruh did you even watch the dev video ? When I tell you streamers will bitch about anything this WHOLE video is just him not paying attention to the dev video . GG it’s a skill issue …….
The tank marketed as countering shields gets heavily countered by shields. This is really sad to see because I was really hyped for him
We're getting rid of shields, taking Orisa shield away... and just gave it to Ramattra.
Would have liked to see you tracking moving bots to get a better idea of the effectiveness of the staff.
Just imagine Blizzard seeing this video & noticed it's flaws & started to fix it just to prove this video wrong 😂
"What if we made the new tank a shit version of old orisa, that can then turn into a shit version of reinhardt... But make his ult a pubstomper's dream." Lmao.
Aaaaaaaand he does more melee damage than Doomfist 🤣🤣, I saw it coming but it’s still funny
most likely ramattra will be in the battle pass but from this video I feel like nobody will buy the battle pass for him
what they need to do is buff doom fist sombra a bitch to play against
I think he will be stable in bronze at best. Kind of like a junker queen situation where he just doesn't work in higher ranks where others can. Overall he just needs a buff
So they made a worse OW1 Orisa.
I wonder if you can direct hit characters with his vortex. That would make it a little bit more useful if that causes flying characters to fall down.
I think it is a good work flow for new characters to be underpowered first so it is easy to tweak up when needed. But then again I think the devs are focusing now on the lower ranks and casual side of things
ok roadhog
Yet again another dissapointment from blizzard
I feel like Rammatra needs to be treated like Dva  Hes in nemisis 24/7 and pops out into his normal omnic mode  with 250 hp.
Look a Tank player complains a Tank isnt OP so sad.  :-)  I do wonder what happens when you nano him.
This might sound a bit much, but I feel like where this tank is trying to excel, is with the the two forms, and the nemesis form is just too redundant to really be effective. I suggest a better alternative for his block in nemesis form. Make it so that the damage he sustains, increases his nemesis time. This would give much more incentive to be aggressive, and when you block, it can  bail you out, or if you get enough damage, you can punish them for shooting you. In a game like overwatch, there are arguably two shield types, full defense "barriers", and more utility based shields "defense matrix, doomfist block, sigmas suck", and rammatra lacks either, making his block do a side affect that benefits aggressive play as suggested by the more melee weapon of nemesis form, would be a great change in my opinion.
honestly glad, had enough of bullshit op heroes the first 3 weeks of the season. shame pharmercy will still be obnoxious, but glad this new tank isnt just battlepass p2w.  also people failing to understand the definition of 'melee'
How could you not make vortex a cripple and negate ALL movement availabilities that reaches sky box?
I was hype af for him so upsetting to see how underwhelming he is
I'm much more okay with him being mediocre as opposed to Sojourn
i think his staff should be tucked away more to the side. that shit covers a third of the screen
his default left click is gonna be pretty useless from medium range and longer, the projectile travel is so slow
The fact they marketed him as a tempo tank when literally every character as some sort of tempo working around their abilities and cooldowns is just all buzzwords (even zen has something of a tempo with his right clicks and discording while firing). If you want to call him a tempo tank then give him the ability to control the tempo of a fight like how rein/Lucio can do. Rein walks in shielding then when close enough he goes on the attack. Give ramattra no form change cooldown so he can choose the “tempo” of poke or brawl (which are play styles, not tempos)
I love to see he's bad when the YouTube narrative has been he's going to be so broken there won't be a single person playing OW by Christmas haha
Buff Idea: Remove the movement speed penalty for his Block.  Like Flats said, there is very little benefit to Block due to how slow it makes you. Enemies can easily get away from Ramattra's short range during the block or completely surround Ramattra by the time Nemesis wears off. However, without the movement speed penalty, Block becomes far more useful and fun. It can be used to help close the distance or escape a fight without taking as much damage, and it lets players alternate between punching enemies and protecting themselves without possibly losing their targets.
His nemesis form... has a timer...?
How do breakpoints look with discord orb?
I would hope that they at least make it so if you cancel the ult early you get some ultimate refund. I look forward to playing him when he's out but I'm kind of glad he isn't about to be the only choice for tank for season 2
Nerf genji
So if the succ was good, you got good at targeting ults with his shield, and had a decent team on top of breaking shields and bubbles when needed I'd say he could be alright but that's a lot of setup to pull off a character
I feel the vortex needs to obviously be heightened and for Nemesis, I feel they need to add something on top of the block. My pitch is blocked damage gives more time in Nemesis mode. You can already manual cancel, so there’s no issue of being locked in Nemesis if you block too much if for whatever reason you NEED to revert.  As it stands there’s three “blocker” characters that don’t energy shield wall: that’s Sigma, Doomfist, and now Rammtara. But both Sigma and Doomfist get a benefit to blocking that incentives other to not shoot them. Sigma gains extra temp health increasing his survivability, and Doom charges his gauntlet and gains extra damage potential. Rammtara’s benefit should be greater sustain, damage blocked feeds his ability time and would put that at a middle ground between the other two. More time successfully blocking not only negates damage, but gives more time to be aggressive afterwards (and it should only work this way on the active ability version, Ult Nemesis already has its own sustain gimmick) As it stands currently his block is just time he absorbs rounds and can’t even do anything else, and he still takes some damage so there’s no penalty for shooting him anyway, it’s just a worse version of Doomfist’s block, and IMAGINE being worse than Doomfist currently.
I think his ball could probably be used well to edge guard people.
All ramattra needs is a balanced buff, he does look like he feels underwhelming if I’m being honest.
Nice points! I think they’ll nerf Genji now.
matchups:  dva: might do ok in lower ranks doom: i feel like it will be a clown off orisa: think he will be able to do good against her being able to pierce her spin to win is important rein: he will just walk on the ramattra all day hog: hooked and cooked sigma: probably wins in the lower ranks due to lack of aim winston: if he can stuff winstons jumping out he might be ok in lower ranks ball: another clown fest zarya: she should walk on him no problem queen: whoever aims better wins slight advantage to queen for raw damage  not looking good for the new guy
Yet again a character that was advertised to be really strong to turn out to be really unimpressive. Everything about him is very situational. Everything has to be perfect for him to do good. The fact that everything in his kit has a short timer attached to it is so bad. Reminds me when Sombra’s invisibility was on a timer and it sucked.
10 DOLLARS
Love the tiny tree, flats :)
Shouldnt it be the entire ceiling of the map? Its not even a big circle so it should be. Seems pretty dogshit
Add a movement ability to the block maybe? the more damage he takes the farther he dashes in whatever direction
Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii, i only play quick play. I'm sure he'll fail in comp, but he'll dominate in my neck of the wood ;)
ramattra is a huge let down I just hope they make doom good next season I miss playing him
I just realize that blizzard is making tank hero’s need a second tank (if that makes sense). For example, junkerqueen alone is NOT a great rank, but with another tank, she would be a great tank support. For ramattra I think is the same, alone is mid, but with another tank is awesome
Cause theres less blowback if hes bad.
#11 on trending for gaming? pop tf off king!
How did you get him?
He is just a weaker form of Orisa from OW1
I kinda get the feeling that a lot of the devs don’t play overwatch
especially when compared to orisa, probably the best "tempo tank" rn, he is very underwhelming
no way they didn't had in mind just how high up the flying heroes go and the vortex doesn't do shit.  no way we are going to wait till mid season for the vortex to being useful.
The Nemesis punches need a DoT on them and the echo needs to be 200% higher, stunning enemies that are already mid air like they show in the trailer
They should just make 1 change make ow2 payed and not free because the hole game has gone down for me
Uh oh...Another Symettra........Another character that doesn't have their own niche.
Can Genji block Ram punch ?
Like JQ once she hit live, it feels like Ramattra is also just barely missing the mark in terms of having potent impact. It feels like they both need armor/shields baseline just to survive long enough to get in and -do- something. Really hope the numbers get a second glance
To be fair, rein also has unblockable damage with his hammer
Honestly I don’t really care too much about being competitive in overwatch so I will probably play him to be cool robot tank
His block needs to heal his team based on % the damage absorbed. Like 5 or 10% so if he mitigates 1000 damage during his block heals his entire team by 100. Not too big and not too broken. And can come in handy during graviton and phara bombs.
I think the devs have lost there what mojo they had bsxk in 2016 everything they bring out is underwhelming asf 😂😂😂this tank is aaasssss
He's going to be good in low elo
Wow, you are the first streamer I have heard pronounce Kiriko correctly!
I see them buffing the fist length to 15 meters but nerfing damage to 3.5, which i think is fair. Maybe increase the severity of the vortex box when inside also. 🤔
Maybe he’s not meant for high rank play? Like majority of players are bronze/silver/gold right? Sounds like maybe they’re trying to make a tank for fun ELO play rather than competitive viability?
love it thanks for the video flats! keep up the zesty YouTube content
Do you think when Rammatra went into nemesis form he got an anti-cc type effect like fortify, would help him at all?
I love that he thinks metal rank supports actually heal tanks. So cute!
Oh boy can’t wait for teammates to use him because they think he’s good because he looks cool
his kit is unique and versatile but spread too thin
Possibly unpopular opinion that I think is very likely: They are probably going to change his block to DF's block. Like rip the design so after the block he has empowered punches or longer shield or something. Similar to how Brig's shield would be useless without shield bash. SB gives her something other than a terrible "get out of jail card." As said in the video: his block is just kinda useless right now since there is no advantage to Ramatra AND it doesn't help team mates.
So they over hyped the characters abilities, go figure.
Go watch getquakedons new video. Doomfist is now waaay overpowered! He actually destroys rematra
ow devs: we should let flats play ramattra early to get some hype! flats:
Tin foil hat time. This is a marketing move where they buff his bad numbers later once most of the community has unlocked him. Also avoiding the “need to play the best hero to win but have not unlocked him yet” problem by making the poor hero bad out of the gates. I hope I am wrong…
His nemesis form seems really underwhelming tbh - they advertised it like he would swap in and out of that form at will. I'm really surprised he has no mobility in his nemesis form as well.
what are you talking about, his nemesis form being bad for poke fights? uhh, yeah of course it is, cause that's not what it's for...
It should suck them down at terminal velocity and deal damage when they hit the ground also should keep them stuck to the ground with slowed movement for a time even if they leave the circle almost like they're stunned oh and movement abilities should be weakened too
saying he's not good because he isnt good at high level is short sighted when 90% of players are low/mid elo so for majority of players he is good
Flats, the marketing... that's... that's how marketing works...
winston meta still alive 🙄
back at again with tanks being better dps
Even if Pharah gets vortexed, all she has to do is E to get out. The only thing the vortex counters is Bapt's super jump XD And maybe keeps an Ulting Sigma on the ground? Not super helpful. I think mostly it'll just be an area of denial tool.
Blizzard heard the complaints about a possible meta changing character being locked behind lvl 55 in the BP and decided to make him shit to not anger us poors. Papa Blizzard does care.
I've been trying to tell people for a whole week this guy is underpowered just from the original footage and nobody listened to me I'm still salty about it. He always just looked like a tank that could do almost everything but is a master of none.
I still want them to give tracer her 6 damage a shot again instead of 5
I felt since i saw him that having the transformation under a 8 sec cooldown is stupid. He should be able to switch form when he want depending on the situation imho. Before we all thought that the nemesis form was op so I could see that the cooldown was needed, but now it just seems plain dumb.
This character is so cool they better fucking fix him lol he needs to pull people down and stop people horizontally what is this shit blizzard lol
At the very least his kit looks like it could be strong with some tweaking. Probably better to be undertuned on launch, just hopefully they don't wait two months to adjust the balance.
I think he looks like a lot of fun to play. Honestly would rather him a little underpowered than overpowered so that way I build up good habits so that I don't get stuck with bad positioning if he got a heavy nerf.
So I  just realized why Ramattra is in the state he's in. If he was as over powered as he seemed blizzard would get hit so hard with pay to win comments. And we all know how much blizzard wants to avoid negative feedback right now about the battle pass.
ramama os update coming soon  no windows though
dead before release
I'm surprised about that comment about Kiriko in pro games cause if you have good aim like pros do Kiriko would be able to 2 tap in long range.
Just a thought, it meant be intentional that he is not very good considering he is in the battle pass! They might buff him.
I don't think the vortex being slightly underpowered makes him F tier, I think youtubers just want clicks.  Saying a new hero is just.. fine rather than TOTALLY OP or ABSOLUTE GARBAGE just doesn't get as many clicks.
Emongg, stop randomly tbagging. lmfao it looks stupid I cant even focus on what Flats is saying.
Can't wait for the devs to panic from all the negativity, and overbuff him.
OOh sad,
The reworked Doomfist is looking great 👍
For his anti-air would a pillar that goes straight to the sky box be to good? because that is how I thought it would work.
honestly feel the zone should pull you back to the center if you use ANY movement ability. overall it doesnt do much dmg and doesnt slow too much either. so just make it to where players that are caught inside of it on initial cast HAVE to run out of it to use their movement abilities
he made it sound as if doomfist was better
How the hell do they justify a 1000 HP shield... on a 11 second CD... that is THAT small and one directional.  When sigma has NO cooldown on his basically.. Neither does rein.. winston is similar but also a 360 bubble on a MOBILE dive tank..   Like, it's insane they thought that would be OK. When compared to every other tank currently.. he offers NOTHING. NOT ONE SINGLE THING.. that's preferable to another.  Is he the best melee? Nope.  Is he the best CC? Nope. Does he have a good shield? Nope Poke? Kinda. Durability? Debatable. Game changing ult? LOL Nope.  Honestly feels like he was released with a thought of being "unique".  But.. basically useless as he is now compared to others.  Even Junker queen brings some team utility and is more intimidating up close then this guy.   Really odd design choice so far.
Imagine that blizzard making a tank crap on launch damn who would have saw that coming
The fact that Rammatra has no armor or shields and only a base 450 health when he’s in omnic form (which will be like 65-75% of the time you’re playing him) automatically makes him weaker than almost all the other tanks in the game. I feel like you’re just going to get melted if you try to play even a little aggressive while in omnic form.
So they managed to make a CC ability not a CC ability oh my thats hot
Hahahaha you said moira will just sit there and heal the tank? Up until gold every moira is a dps moira 10kdps and 4k heals in a 15 min game
I knew his ult wouldn't be as oppressive as peopled worries due to shield counterplay being an option, though hog is SOL, but I do agree about unblockable damage being poor design. Although I'm pretty sure winston's tickle is also unblockable, though that is less burst damage so it can be out healed if the bubble isn't in the way. I'd love a second or two addition to ramatra's shield, as it seems even shorter than winston's bubble and not suitable as cover to shoot from, and his slow/pull ability desperately needs a buff. If it does that little damage, then it needs to be a functional snare, and it definitely needs to be line of sight vertically rather than have limited height.
Can Dva boost out of his Vortex if she uses it to fly forward?
Maybe it's just me but his nemesis form seems to be off. All the battle omnics have big cannons and pump out big dps. This fist thing just seem off in my opinion.
Easy to shut down? You bubble him and he can walk out, the Rammatra had to literally afk for it to be as weak as you made it out to be  The dmg on his left click at 9dmg a headshot means you can slaughter things  The gravity pull works like it's supposed to except the size, it stops you going up   You're upset you can't pick him but realistically without the 2nd tank role, there's never going to be a time again when more than like 3 tanks can be played competitively
You should bet early access to a gym 🤣
Not sure if this would be popular but what if they did this.  Change shield health to 1200, shield stays up for 6 seconds, 12 second cooldown, cooldown starts at shield setup (max 6 seconds waiting for new shield)  Better mix between sig and rein shield.  Buff vortex to disable all movement based abilities, double height of vortex, 50% movement reduction.  Increase block damage reduction to 75%.  Everything else stays the same.  Maybe I’m giving him a mega buff but idk, feels like a fair buff to start with and watch carefully.
*Checks Notes* “Oh yeah! Like and subscribe for more content like this!”  My reaction to that part: *Attempts to do  Flats wheeze*  👍
I watched all ramattra vids but Samito's one gave me an idea. What about... Movement speed boost of block? Doomfist gets to one shot after blocking Why wouldn't ramattra charge movement speed It would be like on gameplay trailer. He walks back blocking just enter fight again with built up rage. This would make him even more of a tempo tank, would solve his movement issue, give a reason to block besides stalling payload. Imo easy fix.
I feel he's going to get buff and a couple of weeks he seems like a throw pic in comp.
bruh, was genuinely happy for a brawler robot and u say i cant even stay in brawler mode all time. bruh
That slow cylinder is such a lazy poorly designed skill.  You are literally just dropping a circle on the ground, and apparently it does nothing lol. So, here's my proposition to buff his ult, make it so that it does 500% to shields, so the shield tanks think twice about burning their shields to him. Counter shield tank?  No fix for the slow cylinder, skill needs redesigned period; make it into a small AOE around him that moves with him like his ult, with a 80% slow for both x and y movements. He'd be an "Aura tank", other melee tanks have to think twice about going melee on him and getting slowed 80%. and he could make plays by hopping onto enemy squishies, slowing them down and punching them to death.  idk lol, I love the aesthetics of this hero! pls make him work!
The end gave me tears. Great video and thanks to all the people that made it happen! ♡
yeah i feel you, they say these things to make their game look like a competetive esport, which it will never really succeed at. overwatch is for normal casual players at heart in design, and no streamlining in hero design ever did anything to change that. they should just accept it. make it consumer friendly and stop pushing esports owl and contenders, no one's watching that anyway
just dicovered you, glad the algorithm brought me here!
I blame the communities pissing and moaning about him being OP for this. Just what tanks need, another Junker Queen
No surprise there
Reminds me of Citron
“I’ll save my opinion till the end of the video” - looks at that savage ass thumbnail. 😂
I Hope they buff him so he can be used in higher elos and make flats happy and its good that they actually have to buff him rather than debuff him cause then debuffing him and then buffing him again um? idk. but either way his design is good and his voice line are oh my god
So what you‘re telling me is blizzard devs dont actually understand their game at a high level? Damn thats craazy
Ur on trending for gaming flats!!
Everything bout his kit confuses me why its so terrible. His base form seems like a crapier version of old Orisa. Machine gun + Placable shield + a 'pull' tool. But in his case the shield is temporary for some reason, and the pull is purely one direction and.. frankly terrible. The secondary form being temporary AND it only brings.. a block to the table is just bewildering. At least have some secondary function if they're going to have temporary stuff, so you need to switch forms to build something for the opposite form. Yanno, some actual reason to tempo?
It's still early days so I don't feel we should judge TOO quickly, but I do feel that making his Nemesis Form a cooldown ability with limited time was a mistake. I feel it would be way more threatening than it's current iteration if that was the one major thing they changed about it. If they did do this, however, they would also have to change the extra armour and health you get switching to Nemesis Form into a flat damage reduction during Nemesis so you can't just spam in and out of the ability to give yourself extra health.  Having his scary close-range form on a quick switch (with like a 0.5 second animation to switch between the forms) would not only help his adaptability but also his Nemesis Form block, since you're not wasting the timer to sponge damage like you currently do.  If they want to keep Nemesis the way it is as a cooldown ability, it NEEDS to be threatening. Right now, as Flats described, it feels like it's only on-par with his Omnic Form AT BEST. If he's going to be a poke tank who can transform into a huge, threatening brawler with a TIMER, he needs to be one of, if not the single, best brawler during that time, in the same way that Bastion becomes an enourmous DPS threat in his Assault Form.
deserves a sub, good review
I just want his staff buffed so he can be a great ranged poke tank. Definitely faster projectile speed, maybe even reduce the damage and make it hitscan? Then nemesis form can be a space holding tool
That aoe not only looks small it does no damage and has a long cooldown
This man needs buff
I honestly thought he was gonna dominate and be the meta just like sojourn ended up being, but seeing how he works now, it's not exactly what I expected, he's very clearly not as strong as I thought he'd be Thanks for showing him to us and giving us ur thoughts!!
He's gonna get changed quickly I think.
without a movement ability his "tempo is useless". They should change his block to a leap and give hime lifesteal on his punches
I personally think there are a few ways they could improve Rammatra’s kit. For one, extend the range of his Ravenous Vortex to reach higher so that it actually counters flying characters, and also increase the duration up to like 6 seconds. For Rammatra’s Nemisis form, just remove the movement speed penalty while he’s blocking so he can actually get close instead of waste the ability duration. Additionally they could just have the block reduce damage from all angles instead of just the front. Also, they should just buff the duration of his shield up to 8 seconds. 4 seconds isn’t going to do shit at higher ranks, especially with how small the shield is. These would be my personal ways of buffing Rammatra since his kit does seem underwhelming now that we have all the numbers.
the tube should just disable and cancel all movement abilities. and his shield could apply a slow when you walk through it. then hed have a place: slowing down enemies that run you down
People thought kiriko was weak at launch as well, and then she was a must pick all the way up in owl. He will still be better than doom or junker lmao
for me, increase punch distance to 20m, make the skybox for the gravity cyclone reach all the way up similar to Sym Ult, his block should be more like a Zarya bubble then just a front block, his shield is just dumb to last 4 seconds on 11 second cooldown. just make it like sigma, retractable but permanent as long as it doesnt get broken. his ult shouldnt be paused, maybe like as long as whole hog
After watching a bunch of videos I have Coke to the conclusion and Rammatra was not a hero made for overwatch 2, as in being a single tank, Rammatra would have been pretty good if he was working with another tank, his vortex thing would be an amazing timed skill to work with more other tank abilities, a rein charge, a hog hook, a Orisa javelin, a sigma rock, a hammond slam or just hitting with his ball, heck even a dva ult, a doomfist charged punch, his vortex would help hit all these high damage abilities, his shield would be okay and a good backup to give rein or sigma’s shield time to recharge, his brawler form would help any brawler tanks kill enemies, or could help defend a sigma against another brawler tank that is trying to kill him, I think you get the point, Rammatra was made for two tanks, so he will be decent in open queue, but in role queue, he is not enough on his own
This is what I have been saying since the moment his gameplay was revealed. Watching the top streamers and the faces of overwatch call this OP was the most disappointed id felt with the community in a while. A worse disruptor shot that has a but of reverse sigma ult built in but worse, a shield that isnt ground breaking by any means, nemesis form lacking the kit transformation that it couldve been. His ult didnt even look strong to me, I saw endless counters to it immediately, snipers, stronger tanks, counter ults, etc. The theatrics fooled everyone but me.
Ramattra has a cool canvas, maybe they can build upon it later (like 9 months later)
I personally think it's okay that he's underpowered right now, I think the dev team may have simply accepted the fact that they can never get a new hero right immediately after launch, they have to wait for feedback and see how players actually use the kit instead of how the devs think it should be used. It's a valid strategy, putting something out in a "unpolished" form and getting feedback from players and their own experiences. Might be a hot take but I like to look at silver linings. Tldr: underpowered and unpolished is fine, let players and creators provide feedback so they can tweak accordingly.
he needs to feel like a viable tank in both forms, instead he feels like a weaker sigma that can turn into a weaker rein.
I've been looking to climb up to diamond and one day hopefully master but I'm just still gold/plat and i've been following you for a good time now. I realized in this video that maybe I do not belong in the higher tiers just because I like to play every fucking heroes out there even if they are not good. I don't want to play a set of heroes because they do fit in this tier, I just recently started to play junker queen and it has been pretty fun but she's not like orisa or rein .....
Ramatrra looks cool... that's it
God forbid Lucio is in the game and just speeds  his team away from the ultimate or vortex it seems like he needs kiriko, Lucio combo
i think his E needs to have a complete rework
Yeah man gets dicked down by hog
Bro you’re one of my favorite creators rn 🙏
Fuck this let’s give his vortex a 4 second cooldown. It’s not like it’ll do anything  You can tell vortex is bad when McCrassidy can roll over 2 feet and be outside it
Idk this guy seems like a worse sigma to me, unless he's brawling, but even them a good sigma plays around corners and distance so idk
Zarya bubble ends his ult? That would be the hard counter
room for buffs over time. i think they were too scared about making him op the kit sounds really strong on paper, but then they nerfed them into the ground when trying to balance it and they just went a bit too far on tuning him down. i think both him and junker queen will probably get buffs eventually.  and I imagine the prototype ramattra was probably broken when they first came up with him.
“There are still others that probably hold that title” Wrecking ball and especially doomfist. No hate I’ve just never been a fan of the hamster, also him checking his notes is hilarious
"Unblockable damage I'm not a fan of" -- Quite possibly the best Rein player
Really really happy that the vortex is weak. Mercy already is in a relatively weak state, so having a tank that could have potentially ended her mobility isn’t great
Great video and i agree with the high and low level play , of course he's gonna have niche moments throughout a match. Once out in the wild we'll see where he really shines and what can be noticed as "broken" then a patch within a month or so 😅
i think a good buff for the vortex would be to almost cancel a mercy ult like she still had it so her healing and damage boosts upgrade still works she just cant fly until the vortex goes down and for echo and pharah just have it cancel their flying moves and almost like a sombra hack just make it so they cant use it and obviously make the height larger i think then it would actually be able to serve its purpose and his ult maybe should go through shields but it has like a 5 to 7 second duration but every person it laches onto shouldnt take damage if they are behind a shield so if he uses his ult against a full team it might last like 13 to 15 seconds which might sound op but if the shield is a sigma shield then the entire other team can attack him before they start to die and they should probably be slowed to its harder to escape and a mei cant just wall the ramattra off, i dont know if this is too op but i think it would be a good buff so his abilities are useful and actually help
We were worried he'd be overpowered, but didn't consider that Blizzard doesn't know how to design a character the way they intended kek
If he's bad against Doom he must be really bad
He's sucks now then when the people with the free battle pass get to level 55 and unlock him hes gunna get buffed watch
Weak AGAINST Doomfist?? My god 😳
Sitting here wondering why he’s shitting on Ramattra when he’s, and keywords here, EARLY ACCESS. He’s going to get updates and fixes.
It seems like they operated around the idea of him being extremely versatile. He's able to switch from poke to brawl, whereas most other tanks specialize to one. Naturally with versatility needs to come slightly lower stats, to balance it. The issue is a central tenant of overwatch is counterpicking and swapping heroes, so there's little to no reason to pick Ramattra as a generalist since you can just switch to whatever tank is most necessary during the match.
His ULT being blocked by shields is so ironic and funny
Yeah as a mercy main I'll ignore that move all day long. Pretty disappointing I was actually looking forward to the challenge.
I love how emongg looks at the bubble projector at 12:42 lol
If anyone is surprised by blizzard disappointing everybody, then HI, glad you woke up from that 4 year coma.
angry
Yes yes cool WHAT ARE THE MERCY BUFFS 😭
Soooo, Doom is still the primary fister in the game?? Sweet!
I dont understand why they have so many "aoe" abilities and ults but yet the get blocked by shields like orisa ult for examply its supposed to be area of effect where you charge up a meter and damage everything around you i dont understand how it just gets blocked by a simple shield just peak blizzard things i guess
The fact that you have to pay for a character that is good on paper but bad in game is like what @Tat011 said is peak blizzard design. This is like many of the products that blizzard puts out nowadays where it is bad in game but is great on paper or in trailer. Blizzard is getting very predicable with their newer products and it is getting quite annoying. However it is still fun to troll with doomfist :smirk: .
Now you can actually laser people
Love the content Flats!
Ramatra suffered from torb syndrome. People saw his abilities and thought he would be op… but he ended up being below average
Hey, thank you. That was very usefull
Eh, imma still main Ramattra. They will probably buff him eventually. Besides I play mostly casually anyway.
Flats video popping off oh my gg
Doomfist is officially NOT the weakest of the tanks. Yay!
Make is block recharge the timer on buff form the more damage he takes and his circle thing have higher range and a bigger circle, maybe a but more slowing. And I think his ult is balances because you can attack while in it.
Does it do damage to Winston bubble twice? Like on entry and exit?
I like how his animations mirror Zenyatta's. Just a cool touch
He might actually need that 50% damage reduction
Ramatra would maybe be better as a DPS.
Also I don't like them marketing him as a "transforming tank" with "2 forms" he can switch between. To me that implied you could sit in one mode or the other depending on what kind of playstyle you liked and you could switch at will if you wanted or needed to. That's not the case, so I don't see him as a transforming tank, he just has a transformation ability that he'll sometimes use.
The only best thing about this season 2 launch is the new map
as a hanzo main though, it feels like he's just a giant counter for hanzo. blocks arrows, vortex doesn't allow double jump or wall climb out, and shield is temporarily annoying.
He's not bad, it's a skill issue.
Weird that you wouldn’t make a new character overpowered on release then nerf them down then have them underpowered and buff at a later date. Usually you have a character strong on release to encourage play, hype and shake up the meta. Especially given how strong Sojourn is on release and still is. Hopefully the character will be better when he hits live servers.
Almost everything Ramattra does another character does better.
#NerfHog
great vid, very informative :D
That vortex part is so misleading, it’s clear you are just using it wrong no? Use it as you see pharah low enough, use it as you see echo try to dash, use it as sojourn is jumping not before? It’s kind of skill shot in that sense, also would be good for players like genji and Lucio that aren’t always so high but have mobility
In my Opinion I think Rammatra was show-cased as this brawely fightey come at me bro type character but i think he is more of a side tank pick that can poke damage for the team and mostly focus on squishy enemys and healers like soldier 76, ashe and then lower health tanks like doomfist following along. I think blizzard may have to amp him up due to repear and others being a possible hard counter in non nemises but i think hes gonna be a side tank more than the bigger tank everyone thought and blizzard thought was gonna play out. But with enough game time with him you can get to some places with his advantages  (in my opinion i think they gotta increase time and reduce some cooldowns on his abilities since its unfair that he can just nemesis for 8 seconds get out instantly and get bodied by a bastion or something)
Well on the brightside Season 2 won't be P2W.
tank is so ass not even worth using
Maybe that's why Ramattra had that 50% damage debuff on enemies for his ult.
The ultimate seems fun for people who wanna be able to just annoy the enemy team also I feel the vortex should apply a status effect similar to sombra hack but only disabling movement abilities for a short time
I’m so glad you made this video I was convinced he was going to be a problem 😅 I’m going to beat this guy ass until they either buff him or figure out a broken comp for him 😂 my goal for the next week is to make people never want to use him because he keeps getting rolled 😂😂😂
It's kinda sad how nerfed to the ground he was
I think the biggest issue with Ramattra isn't the numbers, it has to do with the design of the hero. They took a bunch of different abilities from already existing heroes such as Sigma, Doomfist, and Sojourn. it seems Blizzard doesn't know what direction to take with Ramattra. Most of his abilities are direct ripoffs of other heroes with an added nerf to them. Ramattra has too many different styles forced into one hero; because of this he has nothing unique about him other than his ult and primary fire. Blizzard gave him so many different abilities that he can never have a niche without a redesign or a major tuning pass.
my thoughts are that hes very, very underpowered. his ult should go through shields, his shield should either last longer or be on a shorter cooldown, his anti air should restrict any and all movement abilities, including vertical and hoirzontal, reaching all the way into the sky boundaries, doom punch, echo fly, sojourn slide etc, make it to the point where players HAVE to walk out if they want to use the ability, and i'd probably even either extend the size of the anti air or make it last longer. only after all of these buffs do i think he'd be viable
I feel like Vortex needs infinite vertical range so it's impossible to go over it, and it would also help if it gave a debuff equal to the remaining duration of Vortex that is the same limited vertical movement as in it so that vertical movement abilities can't escape it. If it's purpose is to counter and shut down vertical movement, have it actually fully shut down vertical movement for its short duration
He'll be popular in low elo.  He's accessible to lower ranks because his kit fits the limited capabilities of people playing at this level. His users will be able to vortex down a lot of flying/jumping heroes because players have mediocre mechanical skills and positioning. His users will bash and punch a lot of people because low ranks have poor self-preservation instinct and we didnt even talked about Annihilation...  But higher ranks wont really find any value. He doesnt do anything really special... I mean his abilities are limited in term of everlasting impact or flat-out denied, like Winston's bubble on his Ult.   - You cant use his shield in Nemesis form but it should totally be allowed! - The Vortex effect should grab twice as high than right now, at the very least. If that would be me, it would go infinitely high in the active zone. - Funny that you cant convert blocked damage in Armor, let's say, when you use the ability, but by sucking up people with Annihilation, you get a benefit. It's inconsistent with the design of the character.  All other Tanks do a specific effect with their Ults, but Ramattra just AoE damage folks. That's it *shrug*. Like with other heroes with sub-par impact, he'll shine with Kitsune Rush, making Kiriko a mandatory pick. Zen will be good with him. Otherwise, i dunno. Yeah he's meh. But his artistic design is quite fucking cool, that's for sure.
I get the ideas they wanted, but everything that is supposed to be a plus, is weighed down heavily by it's negatives: The punch going through shields could POTENTIALLY be good, but you have to be so up close you're risking more punishment than you gain. Then each punch does so little damage a healer on autopilot, will just heal any damage they had taken before they can put any lasting damage out due to the firing speed (an Ana could honestly recover any damage enemy tank loses faster than Rammattra could put out), they NEED Kiriko ult just to do optimal damage in pummel it seems. If it did double damage to shields and normal damage to enemies, as well as double damage to enemies like sigma/orisa ability, then it can really mix things up and create counterplay and matchup diversity.   I could only see Block being worth it if it had some general benefit, if it gave him a buff to his Attack Speed for his pummel in a depleting bar, it could very much make it worthwhile instead of just being a sponge.  The punches could also be much better if it did some splash damage instead of full penetration. Ex. Pummel hits a Reinhardt with shield up, it then damages Rein and shoots splash damage behind him in a cone shape, therefore making a potential range risk slightly more worthwhile as it can do slight damage to a tank, but potential spread damage to enemy backline.  I understand their worry for adding another tank with a shield, but this may just be the saddest attempt of it yet. It having 1000 HP, but leaving in 4 seconds? (While also having a 12 second CD) I've seen Winston shields last longer.  If it was in some way adding a benefit like how much shield damage taken, then it could be made worthwhile (Maybe increasing size and slow of Vortex, cause choke points a greater threat to enemy).  Overall I don't see the benefit of ANY of his abilities for Rammattra himself Vortex would benefit a tank like doomfist to bring down fliers, as well as some DPS (McEpsteins Nade, Ally Pharah, I'd say sleep dart if it didn't damage, etc.)  But there is no genuine gain for himself, I could only see an interesting take on the character if he was able to switch his form without a cooldown, then increasing abilities CD, but they go  down regardless of which form you use.  There's a lot of characters I could see needing changes, but for this to be a new character that's getting released that you have to unlock/buy from a BATTLE PASS is kind of a sad ever increasing joke of triple a game companies.
Ramattra needs to be able to move freely while blocking, it would give him a way to engage and chase players that would just walk way from him, he has no way to catch people unless hes speedboosted and his block now is just a sitting duck move that does nothing for him unlike Doomfist where he gets a charged ability from blocking.  If he was able to move he could make good plays by just chasing/kiting in Ult and actually being scary because you cant outright beam him down if hes running at you and blocking
ramatra is not bad your just shit on him
When you can everything but are a master of nothing  Some ideas to fix him  Autos in nemesis Form keep it up The field does not allow you to jump or use movement abilities Make his ult 6 seconds instead of 3 And increase the range from the autos in nemesis Form to 15 meters
Just so you know rammatra out damages rein hammer swing, bc rein swings once per second while ram punches twice per second, so that’s 120 dps versus 75 dps
I think overwatch can do 4 tanks 1 support all the time
they way they made it sound is you could stay in omnic or nemesis form as long as you wanted and you can switch back and forth having nemesis only lasts 8 seconds is a shame
Blizzard: Hey, Lucio.  You're going to love the new tank.  He's going to need you really bad.   Lucio: Cool.  Glad to help.   Blizzard: Also, we felt kinda bad about letting him rip pharmacy out of the air, so he's mostly just going to be ripping you off walls.    Lucio: Oh.
they should make the vortex smaller and give him two with a hard tug that pulls people down from higher, but only make it last about 1.5sec or even less. so then it becomes more of a skill shot that can tackle vertical style players and flyers. it would have to cancel movement abilities or stuns them for small amount of time or it would only be viable against flyer and theres only 3.
can you sleep his ult, hack or hook ??
yo must be so nice to have a buddy like Emongg to make content with together.
Canceling the ult could be used to place shield to protect from like dva bomb. Seems intentional to me. I’m also interested to see how his gravity snare works with Winston because his movement is always a jump so it could just completely cancel it
I also got to try him out early & he’s amazing. Sounds like you don’t know how to use him lol.
another shield wow very creative blizzard
I must say that in the official OW showcase of Ramattra they let him look SOOOOO powerfull but I dont know he seems ok . It doesn't look like after 1 day he will be temporary unavaileble to play for 2 weeks. But still haven't seen him interact with different maps and I know some maps you could get Junk tires glitching through ceilings and with some grapling you could get Widow already out of spawn before the game started.
I think it is good if he is a bit weak while behind paywall, can always buff later.
At least he’s not overpowered. People would be accusing Blizzard of making the game pay to win if he was too OP. Blizzard has to walk a thin line and no one seems to consider that.
The positive way to spin it is I think the right move is to bring in a new hero that doesnt instantly change the meta. I think it just good to have a new tank and as his play time goes down we might see Blizard bring him up.
ok wait but how does ramattra succ do against shutting down dive tanks/genji dives?
What irks me most is that his nemesis mode is on a timer and has a cooldown. He was stated as being the "first transforming hero with two separate forms" as if he was somehow different from Bastion, but he works identically like him. It should've been that his first form is good for poking and defending, and he can switch forms whenever he needs to advance. Maybe make his nemesis form slow him down to balance usage with omnic form instead of making that his "default mode" that he's in 80% of the time.
feels like the people who made him never play the game
You can tell from the beginning flats is disappointed as I am
What about genji dash upwards/angled inside the field?
He still looks really fun to me. I’m excited to try him
I said “he has no movement abilities, and he is just a weaker version of other characters in his differnt forms, weaker sig in poke form, weaker then every other brawler in nemesis form, he can’t dive, he has no movement. He won’t be OP BUSTED SUPER BOSS” but then people said, nooooo you’re crazy, he’s gonna be sooo good. BRO LITERALLY HAS 450 HP IN POKE FORM WITH ONLY A IMMOVABLE SHEILD.
Theory: would ramatra gravity ability bring people down in sigma ultimate?
i can already see some buffs coming for this dude
Ramatra punches plus baptise alt might be big
I think it’s still 10 meters because the training bots are huge and on the line
It looks like the Vortex ability is supposed to tie his kit together (poke people behind shield then lay down E and move in for the kill) but I really don't see that happening. Watching Mercy literally fly out of the anti-flying ability was rough.
So something i didn't see covered by flats that i wish i would've wished to, is if you can throw his snare into the air and if it drags down mercy/pharah/echo to the ground, or if it doesn't work at all against the air.
He had one job....
Jack of all trades master of being shite at everything
I think Ramattra looks cool and has some interesting things, but it looks like it's trying to do to much resulting in a underpowered and lacklustre hero. And there fore feel this character need some change.  I am not a great nor really a seasoned Overwatch player but I do things with design and one change I would bring to Ramattra to make him have an better identity is make his vortex disable and cancel all movement abilities. This way you have an actually strong catch tool to lock something down and counter other heroes. A change I would also bring with that is make his vortex a more projectile focused throwable giving the ability to maybe use them in places you can't normally place them like higher up near walls giving more skill expression and breath into that character.
I think they should make the vortex bigger (both height and diameter) and prevent use of movement abilities when in it, and buff his health/damage a little, but especially in nemesis form
I feel like the devs purposefully made ramattra undertuned to avoid creating controversy with Pay2Win model. If the new tank that comes out with the battle pass is underpowered, nobody will complain.
Man, can't wait for blizzard to buff this character to the heavens and then leave him in an OP state for months before nerfing him again.
Turns out he’s pretty good.
Wonder uf his melee mode goes through zarya bub or through genji deflect
Can you get hooked while blocking
we need wait dec 7....
the vortex part makes me sad because i hate pharah mercy
In conclusion: Ramattra is not that threatening
WHY is ramattra's ult icon missaligned
15:29 At the hero select screen, there are now odd numbers of both tanks and dps, so two rows with different numbers of each.. But while the DPS rows are centered, the tanks are right-aligned, so dva is to the left with no one below her.. that is going to bug me all season
Technically, since Orisa’s Jav can stun lock for a few seconds and knock back, wouldn’t Orisa be a good counter to Ramattra?
tempo-rary tank
Blizzard and their sneaky tricks. Adding shift to cancel ult is evil 😂
His primary fire sounds like blowing bubbles in a milkshake
i also think his stomping potential at lower ranks is gonna hurt him in the same way sojourn’s high elo stomping has helped her, as a low rank player i think that’s bullshit
Vortex just needs some work, I would keep the height the same, Pharah does not need more problems, but the slow down needs to slow possibly prevent mobility abilities and be given a wider range.. With the right tweaks could be a good pick vs Lucio and for once in overwatches lifespan it would be great if he was not meta..
Rein will just ram rammatra while he’s in weak form then just out brawl him
I wonder if it’ll go through mei’s ice block since it goes through everything else
Well we gotta remember if they actually keep up with the feedback and do a patch in time he won’t be in comp for first 2 weeks so they might be able to fine tune and fix issues they find and change things tho it’s hard to do basing it off of quick play
but with the ult he can still attack which keeps his ult up and when there are 5 people running around it wont be that hard to keep it up
Gotta say, I do enjoy the single tank format for several reasons. However, blizzard didn't do nearly enough to change the old "off tanks" of the game to match the newly demanded playstyle.
It’s so funny people on Twitter freaking out about how OP this character is and Flats just completely debunks it.
can the punch damage winston bubble twice?
THAT's all his Ult does?  bwahahahahaha!
I'm only excited to see this hero in the potg😄
A tEmPo TaNk
They should make the range on E go higher and make it like a hack for most movement abilities.
This is excellent news.  Wasn't a big fan of that CC ability
"Ramattra is balanced.  Everyone else is broken!"
Hammond is a better tempo tank than Ramattra, considering he can switch forms between movement and damage whenever he feels like it
outside of increasing his pull down range higher up in the sky, what changes would you make that could pottentially put him in a better spot?
When does the new season update go live tomorrow?
Idc is he’s not that good I will make him my niche he’s too cool not to play
sounds like to keep the ramattra players down at the end. imagine a team of slowers.. nah that dont sound right
the kit feel neutered, the e should have the same ability disables as grav and a taller hitbox, the primary fire is too slow even for a slow projectile, the block could be be improved by it extending apon being hit or pausing the duration of the shift while in use
Hard to watch you so disappointed😢
i feel like making the pull bigger in all dimensions and making his punch blockable but not his ult suck would help a lot
Does it go through zarya bubble? The punching?
I feel like the block should increase the duration of nemesis form based on damage absorbed. This would make your armor & health a resource which would make it feel more tempo based. Also could have same affect with ult making it last longer from afar if the enemies are shooting him, this also solves the shield problem a little.
Take away shield and  make vortex a LOS ability and make him a dps
they said a tempo tank was a tank that can swap forms not someone who is good at a certain range
Hi flats
I think if the anti air move is taller like unlimited tall and more slow, maybe cancel skill too that might fix it
I like when He claps to change forms and the staff just floats there for the animation
They probably underdid him so he wasn't too powerful 😂
tempo tank as in slow tempo tank. He is most likely going to be a backliner and that he is going to have specific comps with him. Looks like he is going to be getting charge ult at range while opposing tanks are going to be outranged by him due to no damage fall off. I think his whole gimmick will be get ult charge at range and if team dives you and support you pop ult or fight off with fist . I think he is going to be a B tier character, I think the maps that are going to benefit him are control point maps. He gets rolled in payload and push IMO. that is just my initial thoughts. I think he is going to heavily rely on his team to create mismatches and certain opportunities to be effective
So this is like basically sojourns slow down but it looks different?
OP: he's kinda bad Launch day patches: hehehe SURE
Seems like a Lucio can easily counter with speed boost and boops
His suck should be like old mei blizzard where it was up to skybox
It’s so funny to me that I literally guessed all this and didn’t even know y’all actually thought his pull ability would go up to where pharah actually ever is 😂
SUBSCRIBE :)))
i honestly think he should be able to freely switch between the 2 forms, with maybe a 3 second cooldown on each swap to prevent spamming it. it would also be cool if he got a passive 20% speed increase in nemesis form so he can actually close the gap. and while ur at it, make his block do something else. like maybe he can press left click while blocking (like brigs shield bash) to swing his arms out and do an AoE attack.  idk, he seems pretty damn cool but kinda underwhelming at the moment
Flats? You mean fats
i think he's worse than doom  ZBRA and GetQuakedOn and chipsa make doom work with really high skill and shit  i can't really see where skill can take this guy but ig we'll have to wait and see how players learn him
I'm really not concerned with his viability in high elo at launch for several reasons. There will be balancing patches, what is OP right now always gets nerfed at some point and what is under performing always gets buffed. The new characters for OW2 have all been extremely OP to start and everyone just spends weeks, or months, complaining about how they hate how OP the new character is. I'm a bronze tank player, any hero is viable most of the time. No heroes get shut down all of the time. What I want to know is if the hero's kit is fun to play. Can you do cool shit and have a good experience? I want to see the character in action. I can't wait to play the character.
I have a dream that the pull will combo into punches and be legitimate. Time will tell.
Give him 600 HP, convert up to 300 remaining HP to armor during Nemesis. Double the height of Vortex, have it lockout movement abilities similar to Hack. Barrier timer needs to go or at the very least be extended. Blocking hits during Nemesis should reset or pause the timer of the form - and blocking damage should extend the range of his next punch (or punches for every X damage blocked, up to a max amount).  Wish you had covered the Vortex ability vs. Winston jump/Primal & Sigma ult - curious to see how it affects those. Does Orisa's Fortify negate the slow effect of Vortex?
Ha ha hope.
His headshot damage should do more and his punch projectile should go much much farther.
Can his block be stopped with sleep or hook?
Can you sleep him when hes on steroid mode? or his ult? hack?
Depending on Junker Queens buffs & Doomfist not having to deal with Sombra hell, Ramattra just might be the worst tank
He is pretty underwhelming but cant wait to see some ramattra mains in the future
ITs GlIcHeD “left shift to cancel” -game
E should've just be grounding in lol, where if you are in it all movement abilities should just be turned off.
This actually seems wrong. Like they are supposed to be OP, but are implemented wrong. I don't think the ineffectiveness of some of his abilities is on purpose. This is just classic Blizzard balancing incompetence, but leaning towards not OP rather than OP on release. I still think he was SUPPOSED to be OP from the get go.
Looks like it would stop winston from jumping though.
hes is rlly anti meta
So he has a anti air ability that doesnt work on air characters.......well done Blizzard!!!
Can you edit the content to be more succinct
Judging by that punch hitbox and the punch's ability to bypass shield and matrix, Rammatra will indeed just be a low-rank monster but see no play in higher ranks. In terms of Elo ranking, he's the opposite of Sojourn.
I'll stick to Sigma and Reinhardt haha
It’s sixth December right now in the uk and he isn’t here
block shouldn't be a cooldown; you should be able to use it freely in nemesis form.
hot take his ult should be unlockable by anything, his punches should deal physical damage on top of the pierce adding up to over Rein's damage, and finally his grounding ability should be twice the size (vertically and horizontally) and half the damage. But other than that I'm still down to play him and see how good he is at my level of play (also if doom is better than him then that means doom got some good buffs maybe?).
Tbh Rammatra seems like a hodge podge of tanks they wanted to do, but didn't decide to make. Like his shield and his punches reminds me of DMon. Like she is a fighting games player and they use shields and hadouken is an icon move that I can see being similar to his punching attack. Edit: Didn't they literally show a video where Rammatras ult went through Rein's barrier. Isn't that like illegal for games that make you pay for characters to do since its false advertising?
I think rammatra buffs should be like doomfists block he should be able to power up his next few punches. His  vortex the pull thing should be higher not to the peak pharah mercy range but right below it so that a slow mistake can be punished. Also i think dashes should be able to escape the suckk faster then a normal run but it shouldn't be able to just intantly get out The shield should last like 7 second. Ult should go throw barriers? idk why they did that  If they dont impliment ideas  like those into the game when rammatra releases make his nemesis infinite. The cooldown should be 8 seconds i agree but when you switch to a form you should stay in that form.
watch blizzard buff ramattra to the point that he becomes op so that people have to buy the battlepass
I seemed to get the impression you could change forms at will. I know it’s not a form change but similar to how Wrecking Ball can come in and out of roll mode.  They want Ramattra to be a tempo tank but then the mode that lets you get close to dictate the tempo only lasts for so many seconds and is then on a cooldown? Ridiculous
I think being able to dash out from the field is nice since at the very least your enemy has to waste an ability just to escape
people kept saying hes op and im just like hes got a weak spot as large as he is no movement and no self sustain hes low key bad
What are the odds that the next tank will also have a non-proactive block ability?
But why would the vortex need to be buffed? That’s just like saying they should buff Soujurn’s grenade thing to inhibit movement better. People didn’t complain about that skill, so why complain about Ramattra’s? It only inhibits (to a certain extent) the freedom of jumping normally. This would completely counter Genji’s double jump, or any of the 3 Japanese character’s ability to climb walls presumably.   The devs emphasized so much about the inhibition of vertical movement, they said nothing about horizontal. So I don’t understand what everyone’s so confused about, as if you feel betrayed or something.
His damage is very low, he has no mobility, he has low hp, he will be the worst tank by far, idk how they thought this was a good idea
Ramattra is gonna be like Junkerqueen and just be a "why" pick.
as silly as it might sound, I think the appeal of ramatra is that he is trying to be a jack of all trades, right? Like, in theory he can poke, cut sightlines, brawl, zone, and both sustain and burst damage all depending on how aggressive he's played between his two forms.  because of this, I think the buff to ramatra shouldn't be a numbers buff, (although I think it is silly that his snare doesn't actually snare, make it make sense lol) but instead he just needs the rest of the puzzle pieces, that being a small self heal and a mobility gimmick.   I propose: a hanzo-like double jump and *and maybe a wall climb*in nemesis form, and a small heal over time whilst in non-nemesis form, maybe in the form of shield health instead of regular health like zenyatta/sigma. I actually like the numbers on him at a glance, but it's clear that he's going to be really punished for brawling, which eliminates pretty much half of his kit *until* it's time to ult. I think that having mobility whilst in brawl mode will help him commit to actually brawling, as a lot of the time it's very easy to get displaced away from a fight with all the tanks and super high mobility everybody seems to have. He has no value against anybody who can get away, which is like 90% of the game, so going all in to his "jack of all trades" appeal by letting him chase/escape out of a brawl and return to poking just makes way more sense to me from a design standpoint.   I think the ult is really strong, being cut off by barriers is actually a-ok with me, I know flats says it's bad because of that, but I see great value in the ult regardless, it's quite a silly and powerful ult
Wow and now Blizzard didn't even know how to make a strong hero huh
Am I the only one that thinks half, if not most new heroes suck on release? Yes, we do get meta changing heroes like brig and sojourn. But plenty are mid or bad at release and some stay that way.
Where did all the op whiners go?
He needs more hp longer shield time more damage in his nemesis form too I mean idk how anyone thought he’d be overpowered cuz the second I saw how little damage his nemesis form does in the trailer I knew hed he garbage, he pretty much needs a buff everywhere and since he’s this weak I think blizzard should make him atleast be able to counter all aerial characters
How does his pull cylinder thing work against knock-back effects like Junk's or Bastions' sticky nade or what about Grav?
All ive seen from this vid is nerf sojourn 🦐
I love him, cant wait for tommorow
Just goes to show that the devs are silver. I prefer this to sojourn
At least we can say that the Battlepass doesn't make it pay to win, this time.
im glad the slow doesnt hard counter flying characters, the game devolving into rps counters is zzzzzzzzz
1. no tempo - ball, JQ, Rein, Dva, even Winston are faster than him 2. no anti air with this little cylinder that can't even keep a Mercy from GAing straight up 3. no shapeshifter really - it's like a bastion changing into tank form, just a few seconds of happiness. even ball is more of a shapeshifter here.  4. sustain - remains to be seen, but the things we though OP (unlimited block, unlimited Ult) are not what we thought. block is in that 8 seconds countdown where you really should be doing something else, the super OP ult gets cancelled by any barrier...  doesn't look that hot to me :[
His he should feel like a zarya grav
I thought that form is his ult
You’d think the vortex would go up like… idk, a vortex?
I'm so disappointed
Rather underwhelming given the sick trailer
If he really needs a buff then make it so punches during ult pause the duration and punches that go through shields/vortex/suck do extra damage.
I’m gonna Winston bubble his ult
Fantastic, so he still can't do anything about Pharah/Mercy and Sojourn.
From trailers he looked broken, but he just looks like a pubs tank, you’d never see anything like this in OWL just because of how easy to shutdown he is if you know what you’re doing
so... NOT pay to win? lol  thats bad. if you like to pay to win that is otherwise its a cool hero and can be fun. like doom
it feels like blizzard devs just don't play any games, how are u gonna market an ability by saying it "grounds" enemies, in every other game "grounded" means u cannot use any movement abilities
YO Flats, been playing overwatch forever and have been following you for a long time.  Really love your work and your opinion on overwatch 2.  That being said your lil "subscribe" note... worked ;) Keep it up FLATS #Reinforlife
he is not bad
His primary fire reminds me of that yellow golden nugget chewing gum from back in the day. Also his ultimate duration is insane.. He’s gonna be perfect on maps like Nepal.. especially clearing the point of high mobility Hero’s like Lucio, Genji.. Looks very strong
He kind of reminds me of when Orisa first came out. Everyone read the descriptions and though OMG this tank will be broken. Then with play testing they realized she sucked until she got a re-work. I hope he plays well in game, I love his design & lore
His vortex definitally needs to be buffed with a longer vertically and a wider radius. When pulling down a pharah, echo or mercy that's in the air, you'd need to also figure out WHERE on the ground they're above. And it being a projectile makes it easy to dodge or eaten, like dva's defence matrix. His ult though? Maybe add speed reducement debuff to the enemies who're targeted by it so it's harder for them to get out of it. And just a question about his ult; wouldn't it be optimal to try to break shields before popping it? So when you're using it, there is nothing that the enemies can use to block it. Also, his nemesis punches, give them a futher range... 10 m is like nothing.
Jack of all trades master of none
How is he bad against Winston? Isn't diving into Ramattra on winston just death if you put your vortex on him before he wants to jump out? He's just dead. I feel you're being very one dimensional on your thinking of that ability. Many characters are effected by this, and being disappointed it doesn't effect Pharah/Echo I think is very intended. Look at the hero roster and look just how many heroes can jump.
I think he’s fine they just need to get rid of the timer on his tank Mode and reduce his damage. They called him a “temp tank” but how can he change the tempo when he’s limited to his tank form for such a short time given the cool down is quick so I guess.
Tbh, even with how he seems a bit underpowered, I still really wanna play him. I love the idea, but the only thing stopping me is not being a tank main lol
Flats: I will save my opinions until the end  Thumbnail: He's bad
Here are some possible changes:  • Buff the time shield stays up, it's way too low • Buff vortex strength against flying characters • Nerf shield health from 1000 to 700-800 to balance out the two buffs
Quick play warlords unite, comps and winning doesn't matter there  Also, is this not exactly what they promised with junker queen? A super brawl heavy control the fight tank? Now she is super mid
Playerbase: Oh no this tank will be OP and a menace..  Blizzard: Now I will do a Pro Game Dev move and do the opposite.
Let’s be very honest here , if that vortex worked the way it supposed to and no hero’s had an ability to be able to get out ppl would cry saying it’s broken n just complain about the ability like they do with sojourns ability that slows ppl
So, they wanted to remove hiding behind shields = OW2 5v5 fights, now with the new character Ramattra, the easiest way to counter his ult is with a shield
Me thinking I’m gonna end up one trick tanking with Rammatra to get me into GM Flats- he’s trash My hopes and dreams- crushed lmao. Also I could of swore his shield was going to be like sigma but more broken, but it’s worse then Rein shield😂
I was surprised nemesis form was on an 8 sec cool down. Would it be too broken if it just wasn't on a cool down? I feel like you'd still want to use his poke form for the most part
He surprisingly looks weak
I have an idea: Ramattra's Nemesis form can last forever, but if Ramatraa goes below 300 health (half health of nemesis form), he gets reverted back to his normal form and the nemesis ability is put on cooldown.
Man Blizzard has gone really downhill. Can’t even make a character anymore
Just a thought, does stun shutdown his ult? e.g. ana sleep or orisa spear.
Rammatra might actually be balanced on release I am pleasantly surprised but his vortex might need to be buffed
The vortex seems a little too situational to me. It has way too short of a duration and limited range, and only applies to a couple of heroes. Kiriko’s invulnerability is a sort of niche ability as well with the cleanse, but the invulnerability component makes it useful if you’re playing against characters with no status effects. I think to fix this either A. The ability has to have another component, like maybe it slows the enemies in range a little. Or B. It could do more damage or have a bigger range.
He kinda just swaps from worse sigma to worse rein. I didn’t think he would be all that crazy, after all Winston already has damage that can’t be blocked, same with rein. The shield has such a long cooldown for what it is.
No no guys, you don't understand; he's a tempo tank, guys
Do they even test their own characters??? half his kit seems literally not working as intended (in terms of design) ?????????
Yea see we gotta chill always trying to rush for the nerf hammer just cause characters look nutty in the RELEASE trailer. Half of this shit doesn’t even work! Orisa is better by far than this guy. His cc is weak. Orisa can stun and interrupt an ult every 5 seconds
Flats do you think if they changed Ramattra so that he could freely switch between both forms without a cooldown he would be balanced, or would that push him over the edge?
I can see Ramattra being good but some buffs might be needed
I’m by no means a professional or high tier player but I’m personally disappointed with ramattra. While I’m happy he isn’t going to be another sojourn incident, I will say that he’s not as strong as I’d like him to be. Firstly his Vortex needs higher verticality and needs to lock any movement abilities for it to be good. Doing this would actually allow it to function as we thought it would. I think the staff damage is fine and the shield has good health but I could see maybe 2-3 more seconds of duration being nice. I’m honestly surprised by the ult duration as it’s so easily counterable by both Winston (as we saw in the video) and possible a sleep dart by Ana. I would have liked to see Ramatrra be slightly stronger but hopefully we will see future buffs that will make him stronger but not broken.
Does Ramattra damage Winston bubble twice, because it goes through it two times? Because it's a spherical shield?
I knew he was gonna be bad lmao, but hell prolly dominate in bronze-silver  lobbys
10:27 that moon is beautiful   For Ramattra I think he is either op or bad as he has 2 forms, either both of them are underpowered compared to their counterparts (omnic to sig and nemesis to rein) and so the hero never gets picked because you want to go all in on one strategy; or one of the two forms (or both) are better than their counterparts and so there is no reason not to pick ramattra over them as he offers a better version of that character + something else
Welp this update sucks. It's just skins and bad tanks that's all I can say. All blizzard can do is nerf characters pretty well and buff characters in such minor ways where they look literally the same as before. Like doomfist
Ok but he looks fun
I swear people always find something to say!!!! ALWAYS!! If he comes out to strong people will call for a nerf call out dev for not balancing him well now people complain for what we have. Like lets wait see how he fit with the team/mode and after u judge damn internet is a special place
I feel like he needs something else in his nemesis form to get close or leave a situation like winston or doom, I feel ramattra wouldve been extremely fun to play and rewarding if he had his vortex thing being a magnet puller for everyone (with a higher range vertically) (ie pulling people off a bridge or flying characters) and his nemesis form having some sort of leap smash attack that caves in and slows people in a circle. His kit rn seems wierd in terms of play style, like I dont get the play style if his fists are so weak in range. Just my opinion.
Whats funny is that Pharah totally just counters Ramattra hahahah. She can just spam rockets at him non-stop and he literally can't do anything about it.
Damn this guy looking hella underwhelming now lol
Better to be released under powered than over powered which is typical. Then can see how he plays and buff him during mid season patch
Rammatra normal form is a 450 HP poke tank with a shield on 11s CD. Nemesis form is a slow "brawl" tank that's most likely gonna be demolished by another brawl tank, not to mention other tanks who have 12m+ range.  You're better off either picking Sigma or Rein instead of this half-baked half tank lol
Find how he can block at all times in nemesis but Doomfist has a cooldown lol
Im just going to say it: Reinhart will counter him in low elo and quick play. Ppl usually stand "behind" the tank, bot healing or very far away trying to snipe. If you press ult on him, and reinhart shields, there's a high chance Symatra allies won't focus enough the shield and he will loose his ult immediately after popping it. So low elo player will stop playing Hog and Orisa because no shields. I know high rank and pros won't have the same experience but you will start having some new TikTok tank tier lists to milk xd
A tank with no mobility...yay. just what I wanted
I had a feeling that was how the vortex would work, 100% not surprised
Worse tank than Rammatra? Oh boy what did they do to Junkerqueen...
We tried to warn you all 🤷🏽‍♂️
Well if ramatra is bad then i'll just slowly unlock him.
still better than doomfist :\
Ramattra vortex has the exact same problem as orisa ult. Just walk out.
What if in Nemesis form his jump were replaced by a Dash with a short cooldown
I think adding increased damage to those who use movement ability within vortex might make it a little better to counteract sojourn and echo's horizontal movement.
I think instead of making the hit box bigger like most people are saying, I think they make the pull down to the ground more like orisas old grab ability. Something you shoot, then press again to activate and bring everything in it down. I feel like that would be so much better than just pressing e on ground and shutting down so many characters. Because if they do the taller hit and much slower movement you won’t just really nerf the flying characters but about 70% of the other characters.
whoever created this guys ult should not be near this game anymore....
How is he bad I haven’t play him yet
Would honestly have preferred his vortex to act like a tether and pull against a characters movement slowing their effective speed by a moderate chunk. Would have made it much more applicable against all characters and stopped them from gaining as much distance with their abilities.
Hey, better than added OP!
DON'T FORGET TO SUBSCRIBE TO THE CHANNEL PEOPLE!
I knew it. i knew he was going to be ass just by thinking for 1 sec about situations and heros. i thought the best thing he had was the vortex but at the time had no idea how high it went and if it was infinite vertical or not so i waited to see and now i see its even worse than i could imagine. i felt like doom would hard counter him alone with hog. an easy to mess up shield u can walk in front as the enemy if u long range it or be forced to sit on if u place it too close. a selfish nemesis form only meant to keep u alive like a worse fortify. not to mention he has no mobility or real CC so if he ults and doom saved powered punch just punch him way the hell back since his block doesn't stop/eat CC. and if hes still in range u got a 3 second punch do it again and again. doom dosent care about shields so he goes right though or behind and if u use it to block his slam behind u great now u got a 4 second 1000 hp shield behind u as the doom blocks and punches away. other than his ult which was nerfed to no longer reduce enemy damage by 50% hes is going to need some serious buffs like a 12 seconds shield on with 5 sec uptime, higher vortex grab and i dont even know what u do to his nemisis form its so essential to his kit yet so useless to brawl against rein or others.
They should show a preview of where the vortex will land, and highlight anyone who will be in the radius.
im glad this wasnt clickbait thank you
marketing > reality
I felt bad about Flats being sad it is not good enought to even be used :(
I think they should reward you for blocking damage by giving him higher damage per blocked damage, kinda like zarya and his vortex should yk actually really slow or strongly minimize movement abilities.
Great game run by inept people. So utterly sick of how things have been going since release
More anti Genji characters why they gotta do my boy dirty.
he seems like a secondary tank.. like they made him for OW1 and then just said good enough
If you want it to be a true movement cancelation they should have made it so if you are in the cylinder it just shuts off your movement abilities (if that character has one).  Now they would have to go in and manually select all the abilities that would work with it, but come on, give the blizzard employees someting to do for once.
alot of the new characters are so gimmicky
cant allow soljorn  to have a counter (i cant spell and im too tired to care)
Wow, I was so hyped for Ravenous Vortex, but it seems to be an anti-mobility spell that is countered by mobility. Good job, Blizzard.
This was unexpectedly underwhelming, I thought Ramattra was going to go harder than that. It's kind of a shame. :(
As a tank main and pharah player, I think it so F*CKING funny that Overwatch devs are so inept they cant even make a character do what they're designed to do. At what point do they stop being pathetic?
they should just have it disable flight type movements, or quick movement abilities
Listen here blizzard...... How about making his anti air *that doesn't work * an anti mobility skill? All movement skills are LOCKED inside of the zone and done.
I think that i will begin to play brigitte again
they are running out of ideas, thats the first thing came cross my mind when i saw him...
Vortex should cripple and have a lot more vertical height. Rest of his kit seems okay to me
Strange that in the trailer it looked like his ult goes through shield and the character that was shown as a counter to pharah is pretty much countered by pharah to some extent
That’s it ? Disappointing   So he is basically a weak version of sigma
i think it was the ult knowing it can be blocked is good because an i will point ult is always annoying and with the 50% damage debuff on the first showing was the main problem
I haven’t watched yet… is this clickbait 😑
So thankful I'm not playing the game at a GM level. I'm going to love playing this tank!
So their new " no counter" stance is basically just shit characters that cant do anything because any sort of CC will counter people, any sort of decent shield will counter too many people, any sort of tank will counter people. So now we have this guy who was meant to be cool, but has no damage and no tanky abilities? Wtf, his slow is ass, make it a cripple so no one, not even reaper or moria can get out of it, buff his shield in some way (like it always being active, but you cant return it or lasting for more than 4 seconds like wut...)
I don’t get why, in his „brawly, tanky, rush“ form, he still has less hp than roadhog with exactly NONE of the sustain
Oh, so he transforms more like bastion than what I was expecting him to. Lame.
LMAO peeking at the notes is hilarious
It seems like his vortex would work best against lucio when he’s wall-riding.
How long does the ult last bro.
does nemesis form punches go through a sim ult? or is that just grouped with other shields?
Huh he's not as broken as I thought he'd be lol
How about the vortex disables movement abilities when youre in it? I thought thats what it was gonna do, it would be way more usefull against other characters not just flying. It doesnt sound op to me
aww was hoping it'd be an actual game with him early oh well. i've kinda fallen off playing ow2 now anyway, only really watching at this point but i guess if i do play i won't have to feel like paying for the pass
i had a feeling it was gonna be a let down but really all they need to do is extend the hight of his attack and maybe make it slower horizontally or make it so any movement based abilities are slowed or turned off idk im not a game designer so maybe this is a bad idea
I think I like him like this he’s okay not too good not too bad.
Algorithm
Rammatra has a hidden passive. Much like Regigigas, he has to wait a few weeks then he'll get buffed and become a powerhouse.
His vortex should be like Reins ult. It is a vortex wave shot out in front of him grounding all heroes for like 3 seconds
good video, but, that porn music in the back ground is so annoying.
What a joke... great job blizzard.
blizzard were making out like he was going to be the counter for everything, but his vortex doesnt pull air units out the sky, you can cancel his ult and the damage isnt as much as the video made it look
Can Cassidy roll out of his vortex?
Such a cool character but fucking blizz made him too weak
Character Not SSSSS Tier Giga Ultra Mega Super Hyper broken: *he's bad*
Why he reload faster than genji
I think what's important to consider is that this is a team-based game, where coordination and composition matter. So while I agree that Ram's own personal damage may not necessarily be game changing in any way, I think once people start to come up with strong team compositions to compliment Ramattra's approach, is likely where we'll see his potential shine.
Rammattra suck ult gonna destroy low elos, hi I’m low elos
Jack of all traits  Master of none
ramattra ult is going to dominate low rank games lol
Cool idea for a buff maybe give his vortex a jump boost like 5 meters? For friendlys
I’m glad he’s not op. I always wanted to main another character like zen, now I can main both. Happy he isn’t busted so he gets nerfed to the ground
Never thought I'd say this but.. buff ramattra
Why not make his field target-able?  Have him hold it and you can choose a target along with a glowing circle on the ground to show where it go. Also make it taller and unable to dash out of lol
Winstons and Reins primary are completely unblockable too, and not on a cooldown
I feel like the vortex is also hard to throw in the perfect spot in the first place for it to even pull anything down it seems useless for anything but the slow tbh
Things they Should change: 1: His E should root people to the ground not letting them leave the ground or use movement abilities at all while applying a slow 2: Increase the height of Vortex 3: Lower cooldown of shield and increase the time shield is up 4: Increase hitbox of the punch to match the graphics and increase range 5: You should be able to choose between nemesis form or omnic form without a time limit, this would allow more play styles and options to counter
Woooooooooow. Vortex does absolutely nothing lmfao. I'm super disappointed with this character. I had high hopes. First Junker queen, and now ramattra... Man. And his ult being blocked by shields? Yikes... All of his numbers are terrible too. 60 damage per hit of nemesis form? That's not even comparable to a rein swing. Which, btw, also goes through shields. At least 75 damage per swing. Even tracer has a range of 20m. His whole clip outside of nemesis couldn't even kill a Winston bubble. It would take almost two full magazines or w/e. The DoTs from JQ and ramattra feel essentially useless. Wayyyy underpowered. 0 mobility, 1 15 second cd ability to take a little bit of space, only for 4 seconds, his ult is basically a good thing for the enemy team and a detriment for the ally team... Yikes. Just yikes.
Almost sounded like you were apologizing for bringing bad news. Flats YOUR content is gold, we trust and value your opinion, it’s BLIZZARD’S content that is failing
Just me being paranoid but I'm a bit concerned blizz is gonna handle him like Orisa in OW 1.  Weak on release and niche on a few maps, so they overbuff the character then they dominate ladder for so long. Will have to see but after season 1 I just don't have confidence in the balance team.
oh god, its more of a Junkerqueen release instead of a Sojourn/Kiriko release.
Instead of making nemesis a hard 8 seconds, make it a meter that depletes in 8 seconds but you can refill this meter by blocking damage and maybe blocking could give some overhealth as well.
I think we should actual see a match before saying anything
I find the anti-air fine the way it is, seems balanced and will force pharas to at least be more careful.  The shield duration is what bothers me the most
ever since blizzard corrected the 50% dmg reduction during ult i knew he was gonna be bad   from the gameplay we saw the vortex did not look tall at all and shield didn’t look to last long  and now on top of that nemesis form looks like a “pls don’t kill” button rather than an aggro play maker
Give it time. good teck needs time.
Hmm yes *TEMPO*
...how is he bad against rein, like, what are you on about?
Exactly what I said. Either he is too broken and there is no reason to pick rein or sig, he can do their jobs.  Or he will be balanced but why pick him when you only need a close Range OR a long range tank. Wich is most of the time and rein and sig are better than his respective stances. Kinda like orisa in this state   I literaly already want the devs to rework ramatra. Make it so that instead of fitting both role fairly decently in alternance, he fit them decently whenever he want.  Here me out, ramatra seems balanced. But because he isn't specialized (is average In both of his stances, while rein and sig are excellent in theirs) he is bad, so if you add a time limit it's even worst.  Make it so that everytime he switch he is "boosted" for 8 sec (numbers are guesses). And his switch cooldown is 4 sec. What that does is that now ramatra can be more than average in each of his stances. He still don't surpass rein of sigma but his unique switch mechanic make him more versatile for some matches. An example would be that you will not need to switch at a new area so you don't lose ult charge. Or that the map has long corridors where both his forms are good.   Now why do I think this is balanced. Well sometime you need to switch to protect with the shield, or do more damage than if you stayed in one form. But also because you want to keep the "boost". Meaning if you know he is switching to omniac form you have 4 sec to go melee to kill him. Or instead take you distances when he switches to nemesis.  While from his point of view he need to know when to extend past your "boost" to do what you need. Or adapt your playstyle on the go to fit a peculiar situation that no other tank could have done. But by maybe switching back to a lower health form close to the enemy team etc. There is a lot of interactions, like scaring the enemies just by knowing you cooldown to switch are up etc.  Now what would be the boost? Well probably a mix of bonuses when boosted. And nerf (from his current in game form) when not boosted.  (what follows is probably totaly unbalanced I'd care that's an example to give an idea, not to prove the concept would work) For example not boosted nemesis shouldn't go through shield but only through matrixes and votexes. Maybe a bit less range or 50 damage. While the boost should hit through shields do 65 damage, 11m range, and less speed reduction on the block. For omniac form maybe un boosted would have a 4 sec shield, no heads hots. While boosted would have head shots and a 6 sec shield Idk.
not really sure i get the concept if it doesn't stop the things i thought we were promised.
Is A shame, but the onscreen effects when he punches makes my head pound badly, he is just an effects tank. I can save my coins for the next battlepass with A hero in. So much for the great Omnic tank 😢
His shield looks underwhelming. Especially when you know he is only using it to close the distance. He reminds me of a downgraded Sigma imo.
I think he's got some potential if the poking aspect of his kit holds up. Perhaps his philosophy of the best defense is a good offense is the crux of his character and nemesis form is supposed to be used as a deterrent to rush and possibly dive but mostly rush, there's no defending that weak ass vortex ability. The new tanks seem pretty scrappy to me so me thinks he's supposed to use cover in tandom with his barrier to get closer ever so slowly as he builds up ult so when he finally steps on point the enemy's shield is likely broken or weak and he can pop ult for a quick dub. Just speculation but it's the gameplan I've come up with after watching this.
Maybe a stupid question but does his punches go through zarya bubble? If so nemesis form is actually gonna be crazy
Him being bad at grandmasters is kind of irrelevant for 90% of the player base. Not saying I don’t appreciate Flat’s opinion, but just wanna keep in mind this isn’t gonna be most people’s experience next season.
Crazy how overracting to the one thing he does well and ignoring his gigantic hit box and impossibly slow movement and lack of CC resistance makes him seem broken, it's almost like there was a bunch of youtubers clickbaiting his strength without analyzing him at all.
He sounds nervous. Blizzard must be 😀🔫
Why does he not sound anything like he did in the trailers????
Gonna be funny to watch Rein charge the ulting Ram away from the team and just shield for 3 seconds lol
ramattra seems like a worse version of sigma lol
wow, so ramattra is countered by sojourn, winston, and possibly kiriko, 3 of the most meta heroes. love to see it. :|
Skieski mentioned this on her stream today, if Mercy GA's towards someone on high ground and flies through the vortex, it'll actually propel her up to the target like Sojourn's slide does
crazy im not surprised that he's not broken but i still cant wait to play him, everyone was so ready to cry doomsday now everyone acting all different
Love this game but this is just sad. I was really hoping for a meta shift or at least viable tanks. Ik you said he will be better in lower elo but so is sigma or hog. But I mean you can fix this ig.  1. Make is punch threatening  It does 60 dmg not NEARLY enough to be threatening. Most healers have about that heals per second and it’s just not viable to get close to someone with him. 2. Just make his shield like sig  The fact that you have to wait 11 sec to put it back up. 11?! Really?! That’s less heath than rein shield and given you start with less health for reins I get it but still blocking small things like sleep anti hook any cc becomes impossible. 3. This is a more of and idea than a buff but give cc immunity in nemesis form or at least resistance to knock back 4. Just make the down suck hit the sky box and be like those down arrows in Mario galaxy for god sake. I mean idk what else to say. I’m not AMAZING at ow but I’m not terrible and even I can see how this just looks kinda unfun. My personal theory is that he was better behind the scenes. Bigger E better ult more dmg punch’s esc. But then the black lash came “oh this is so unfair to free to play players!” So they made him just bad enough so they could still buff him without an overhaul for when most people get him. Now don’t get me wrong I didn’t want him to be broken but I wanted to play him too. Idk man if he isn’t playable I might start playing more dps than tank again I’m so bored of hog :(.
Overwatch Lore: Amazing Overwatch Store: Disgracing
He should be able to use his shield while in "fisty" mode, rather than the block. So you can mix the attack + defensive. Kinda a sigma but with purple and less range and with a lack of debree.  I will increase his shield HP OR decrease the shield CD. Less CD sounds better IMO. I guess 8 it's ok  (it's 11 now, taking in consideration the shield is gone at 11 CD).   I hate the suck skill, and the ulti looks awesome.  I'm silver/gold. So not a big deal with my opinion tho haahahah
can widow grapple in the gravity suck thingy?
wow
A possible buff could be he gets more nemesis mode time if he gets hit while blocking
The vortex should work relative to the speed of people trying to escape it, no? Like the initial velocity gain from Sojourn/Echo movement abilities should be things that are actually affected by an ability that explicitly is to stop and slow flying and jumping characters. Could probably heighten the effect to the point that "if try move fast, then slow increase big" in some more advanced math ratio way.  Tracer blink being a teleport would be unaffected, etc.
Imo he should be in his big form all the time. And ofc balance him for that
That weak shield time needs to be craked up to at least 7 seconds and the range going up should be higher. Not sure how to make him viable unless they buffed the damage from his left click. Maybe block could bring up his ultimate charge a ton based on how much people attack him? That way if they attack him while he right click there's a pretty big trade off where you feed his ult or you avoid attacking him and his punches do a ton of damage.
Iguess Echo copying the ult will make things entertaining at least
I feel like zenyatta and lucio will be the best healers for him, Zenyatta you know the lore and just having harmony on ramattra all the time will be op, And during his ult if people go around the corner lucio can speedbuff ramattra to get him to keep his ult on and more usage with it
? it literally has "cancel Lshift" when you ult, what you mean it might be a bug?
I would say a Ana,Brig, Reaper, Sym comp with him would be interested especially concentrated rally and nano nemesis form.
I'm just thinking about his ult on Total Mayhem. It will be eternal.
i’m so glad blizz was cautious with his release than like sojourn. Hopefully he finds his strength through balancing or strats
The buff I'd give to Nemesis form; Block pauses the duration. Just, straight up, no-cooldown wall shit. If you're going to take away the damage he does, at least let him hold onto the form longer. That's not the same as Doomfist getting a buff for tanking like that, but at least it doesn't harm him.
He honestly looks more of a dps then a Tank, otherwise his moveset and stuff looks promising and fun
False Advertising and Very Disappointing.
It's the first time we've had the problem of a hero being added that's not OP, let's relish it while we can.
I feel like trying to run Ramattra vs a good zen sigma bap double sniper/ sojourn comp will just get you assblasted and flamed by your team since you will just fall over similar to JQ.
I bet all the idiots who called him broken after the gameplay reveal feel real stupid now
1 bastion.....
At least this video gives me a point to not get the battlepass LOL
i think if, in his vortex it disables any movment ability. kinda like an aoe sombra hack but JUST for movement abilities.
you're pretty round to be calling yourself "flats"
So Orisa gets 4.5 seconds of Fortify that has 40% damage reduction and +125hp with the ability to keep attacking/using abilities while Ramattra must use some of his 8 second duration transform to get 50% damage reduction while getting/being able to do nothing else??? Blizzard logic. He sounded a lot more interesting when we thought Nemesis form sas a toggle not a cooldown...
his dmg out put in nemesis looks lower than staff which is really funny
Well strengths aside the character gameplay concept itself is pretty cool. Few tweaks and buffs here and there should make him good.
His cylinder could have just made it so u couldnt use movement based ability instead of it being a "gravity pull"
they will probably add back the og  -50% damage debuff applied by ult to his vertex， Overall it feels like a prototype to meet their new design goal of remixing different heroes ability so each of em no longer feel unique and must-pick in certain situation. the downside obviously is his ability not really flow in any way.  got really strong old orisa vibe here
My lord OW2 has been a bit rough on new tanks. From what I understand now both Queen and Ramattra fall into the "Cool but underwhelming" category.  Contrast that with both the new dps and support being both very good and fun.
The vortex not working as intended makes this tank dogshit. xD
Why don’t they just make his vortex silence movement abilities
I liked this video with my nose 👍
Ramattra vs Junker queen.
im sooo glad that this hero is underwhelming at the start. let's be real, nobody wants another sombra or sojourn in tank position.
I don't get the 4 second duration shield though, to me it just looks like a much worse version of Sigma's barrier. Most use cases just seems to me that the extra 300 health on it compared to Sigma is completely irrelevant where it will run out or be nullified with spam. And you can't even use it like those odd scenarios to e.g. block a widow's line of sight for an extended amount of time. Maybe it will feel better once I try him
That trailer made him look really good lmao. That's a bit disappointing.
He has an overloaded kit, so maybe they made his numbers low as a result.
love the pokemon music goddamn this is nostalgic
Holy crap! I wasn't subscribed what the heck
They should make the vortex cripple opponents inside it (disables movement abilities, Graviton Surge already has this effect).
Flats: if you click shift it cancels ult Me seeing, cancel:Lshift
Changes for rammatra: anti air aoe will be a target select move where it’s aimed similarity to nanoboost which can be aimed in the air at a enemy phara bringing her down and creating a 200 hp barrier around her that she has to break to escape This will help with enemies escaping but it won’t completely kill then bec heals could pass through or kiriko suzu can save. I would also imagine the slow not lasting long
Unblockable Nemesis form DMG, but blockable Ult DMG. There's a trade-off.  His anti air ability should also cripple. Can you not hit enemies while they're in the air with the initial orb??.
yeah, feels like blizzard had a gun to your head while you were recording this. Clearly Ramattra is five different kinds of busted, and your constantly trying to downplay it.
We have enought shit with OP sojourn and kiriko, finally they ran out of weed and made a new hero that's not a nuclear-class destroyer.
Blizzard: “He’s too op so we are gonna nerf him before he’s released”  Also Blizzard: Absolutely murders him
ramatra feels like a tank thats trying to do too much and ends up being bad at everything he can do.  heres a few buffs you could do:  either increase damage or distance of nemesis punch decrease sheild cooldown or increase uptime buff his ult so it can hit through shields at the cost that it only slows the timer rather than stop it completely
Why they adding good looking characters but in game they are not really so affective. First Junker Queen and now Ramattra. I hope Junker Queen get some buff because she's hella fun to play!
8:30 cancelling ult YEAH BOI TEMPO TANK BABAYYYYYYY
Any chance you tired it against ball? How does fireball work in it?
I think Ramatra could be best summed up by the phrase "Go play someone else."
if they buff rammattra and not reinhardt after that I am going to be so mad
If his gold gun ain't good I aint playen him
I think in his nemisis form when blocking it should extent the duration of its nemisis form
We were so worried that he'd be overpowered, we never stopped to consider that he might be underpowered
Doom is the only thing that I want to see
As a high elo Hog player I really don't think Ram is going to be any threat with a  450hp pool. Alt fire-hook-primary-(primary) will be an instant kill. Plus if stuns cancel his ult then orissa, doom, Hog will be so hard to deal with. And I don't think he will fare well against widow, soldier, sojourn, cass, ash with that giant head he has. I wonder what issues will come in open que games because a 2T 1D 2S comp could open doors to some truly obnoxious brawl/stall games
The thumbnail alone describes ur standards
Feels like they should lean into his design choices to make him better and more fluid 1. Increase the E ability's hitbox to go to the skybox 2. When you block more than 50 (raw) damage, increase duration of Nemesis by 1s 3. During ult, when you block more than 50 (raw) damage, increase ult duration by 0.5s (up to 3 seconds total) 4. Increase move speed when Exiting nemesis form (+30% move speed for 4 seconds)
he seems good if he doesn’t have a tank to oppose him, maybe if you have a reliable tank buster dps or are fighting a bad tank he’ll be a bit more of a threat
He looks like he's about to cry lmao
It would have been cool if he pulls them down from the sky they’d take damage like sig ult
i think its kinda bad, but i like him, so i'll play him
You know that feeling when you get super hyped update the game and then get let down… I got early access to that watching this 🤣 … but still good video and thanks for the heads up !
The same people who were quick to call him him overpowered when he was first announced are now complaining about how weak he is. The duality of Overwatch players.
He basically has moira’s that come out on his ultimate what
To be honest, and as you said, the first form of Ramattra is more interesting than nemesis form. I'm pretty sure he's going to receive a buff at mid season, fixing the vortex problem, increase the barrier's duration (4 seconds is ridicoulous) and increasing the range of nemesis form attacks.
He looks like he was designed to be solely used in Push, and some control maps (like Lijang Gardens) and not on any other map type. Basically it needs to hit  the sweet spot of narrow, with moderate sightlines.  If its too open, he is going to be bodied by mobile tanks, and too claustrophobic, Brawlers will body him.   Unfortunately for him, in the areas that his kit might be good, Orsia just seems like the better choice.   That and being an anti pharah/mercy is kind of a joke (compared to what was sold by Blizzard). That being said, his suction ability will destroy Lucio's trying to flank/stall.
Some mechanics I'd suggest from a design perspective:  1.make his cc/grab be usable on walls(this is a big maybe )..Imagine having the ability to pull cheeky grabs from behind shield stalls. 2.If you make his ult cancellable at least make it so he retains his ult charge for the duration unused(so you can use it as a zoning tool) 3.make his omnic form shield slow for a second as enemies pass through as his abilities feel disjointed and might make hitting them easier. 4.delete junkrat(lol)
You think if the Nemesis form didn't have a cooldown and he could switch whenever it would be better?
Yup, I’ve been saying he’s not gonna be broken. From the start he’s looked easy to play against
I can see Lucio being a good pick with him. Rammy needs to be close to deal any good dmg.
Why is the shield so quick, like it goes away so fast..
I don't really see why you go into Nemesis form outside of the ultimate and maybe to setup the ultimate. Also, I'd probably just unbind block except to block certain ults. I think if you're in nemesis, you're there to engage the enemy with damage not block.
Fix vortex height, make his nemesis form a constant form that you choose, more like ball. and make his ultimate timer stop even if the damage is blocked by a shield. and from there just mess with the numbers till he is balanced.
Id like to see the ult suck slow down the timer but not stop it altogether, and just make the base duration a lot longer so that it isn't so easy to shut down
thats the worst designed anti air i've ever seen
So what we get from this is that rammatra is bad lol. Sad cause I had hopes for this character
Idrk about balance right now but I wish that OW would tone down the heavy voice editing on Ram, it’s kind of hard to understand him
Honestly, it looks like all he'd need is for his grav cylinder to have infinite height and nemesis form to have no cd and he'd be good to go.
A lot of these seem like ez buffs to make him viable
No clickbait, all honesty, you get a like sir.
So what winton is the counter?
Now we’ve seen the interactions, it leads me to believe he might need more help from his team than I originally thought. So sombra and reaper dps comp may help cover Rammatra’s weaknesses in both coverage and damage output. For supports, Kiriko, Lucio, or Ana might help amplify his offensive output considering how underwhelming his offensive output is. That said, I am still very excited to play this character and I could see opinions or gameplay could change with this hero as people figure out what to make use of him.
The gameplay trailers was absolutely misleading and blizzard knows damn well they are being dishonest. But they don’t care.
Orisa gets a 40% damage reduction from all angles and a anti headshot ability but ramattra  gets a 50% frontal only while walking slower....  Mind you orisa can still shoot and use her other abilities
This is what happens when their shit is paywall and they have to fear everyone melting down about p2w. So they overbalance lol.
This is literally the Anti-Winston Tank. Negates Winston's shield dancing,  he potentially can't leap away, and Ramattra has a higher damage output.
why are people crying so much they balanced him compared to what everyone was saying like if he was broken it would be sojourn all over again but hes balanced and no one wants it?
Hello darkness my old friend...
So the OW community overreacted yet again? Funny, it's like we don't learn and Blizzard can't win. If the hero is too powerful "power creep!" "Money grab ofc" but if he's mid "omg why even bother making another hero" "another boring season."
Is there any reason that the anti-arability doesn't go all the way up to the roof and or skybox?  Is there any good reason for that? Or are they just really fucking stupid?
IDC IM GONNA MAIN HIM CAUSE HES COOL and Ii will one trick him untill he is meta
It feels like his block should give him fortification
His vortex should definitely be buffed right when he comes out honestly. Make it bigger, make the anti air pull higher, and also increase the slow by a little.
Stop ducking stretching the video
imagine his E would actually SMASH into the ground anyone that was in the air at the moment and deal dmg according to hight. nano shakles, gravity well. yes, he will be even more like sigma, but he wears shoes so we are still far enough. No dot on e, no slow, just smashing. even if u jumped – a bit of dmg. or little dmg and knockdown instead. timer grows with height.
I love that everyone was complaining it was going to be op and now everyone is complaining it is not good enough, I guess this shows that you never know until you get the character but I think Blizzard should invite people to earlier to playtest before the release.
oh yeah he definitely looks way less powerful than i initially thought. hopefully he’ll find a place
Without armor, regenerating shields, self healing or any real movement abilities he's a huge target with no self sustain at all. Every other tank either has healing, shield regen, movement, armor or a combination of them but this big hitbox has none of that? And only 450hp?
It's almost like the devs don't play their game
Yeah, I looked at it when it was first announced and said "he's Reinhardt but better!" I'll be honest, I thought he was so good that he'd dominate, but you brought up a really good point that changed my mind: a better Reinhardt is still just a Reinhardt, with all the inherent weaknesses that Reinhardt has. And at 60 damage a punch, he's not even a better Reinhardt, he's a _worse_ Reinhardt with a more consistent poking tool. Sure, a Ramattra might be able to get in punching range of a Reinhardt and consistently keep the spacing such that Ramattra can land punches without taking damage from a Reinhardt, but Ramattra can't corner swing, and like you said, he's still just bringing brass knuckles to a gunfight. He has a gun, but boy it sure looks like it'll be an annoyance at best. Maybe if they gave a bit more damage to the beam he'd be strong enough to compete.  Also, IDK what that shield needs, maybe less HP and a shorter CD, but as it stands, it just looks like an annoyance. Zero vertical cover, can't place it off the ground like Sigma shield to block high ground for a rotation (maybe it can be placed on ledges like Reaper teleport? then it would work, sorta), and cast time is too long to block a hook ( _maybe_ you could block the hook damage?). At least it has enough HP to bail you out of most situations.  For anyone who actually wants to play this hero and have fun with it, I'd go to open Q. For obvious reasons, open Q is goats meta, and I believe Ramattra could be a good replacement for DVa in the goats mirror, and Zarya out of the goats mirror. Well, that's just some plat's opinion on the matter, probably better try things out for yourself.
i feel like rammattra may do well in lower ranks where players who may not fully understand how to counter his vortex and his ultimate
So...in other words Hog+Kiriko is still the meta lol
I feel like with how broken souj is they want to take Ramattra slowly, I think we can see alot more patches in season two and if Ramattra is to stay is his current state he will be slowly buffed so he is never broken  It also seems like the Hero Design team used words like "tempo tank" in order for people to not think he is op when they showed him off.
He looks less tanky than other tanks. Staff form is like sigma with less barrier and no absorb. The fist form looks like a roadhog hit box with no breather.
Ugh, it looks like how every other "mobility counter" looks like - an small inconvenience for high mobility and a nightmare for heroes with already low mobility. They should have let it be infinitely vertical and just cancel any movement abilities used within it. Especially since it really doesn't last that long on the ground, its only a few seconds.
They need more heros with skill based abilities and movement.
Good thing u mentioned to subscribe. Been watching ur videos a lot and I only just noticed I’m not subscribed lol
Damn, his abilities are trash.
So what people thought would bully rein is almost countered by rein? No defence against pin and his shield can block ramattra ult
Screw balance, screw skill tests, why the fuck does he scream "DEFLOWER THEM"?
I don't know if it has been commented before.   But Ramattra feels like a jack of all traits. If they'd buff both forms or all of his abilities he'd be broken. I think it's the danger of "shapeshifters" idk how else to call it.  If his Nemesis form would be stronger I think it'd be fine, as in being able to push in and actually do something.   Tbh I personally I like the idea/thought a "long ranged" tank and making his omnic/regular form better and much stronger while deleting his shapeshifting ability so it doesn't become a balance nightmare or 1 form is the best and the other form is just useless.  I hope what I said makes sense, and I hope I don't sound like a bronze Tiktok commenter
Does it cancel sigma ult ??
Can Winston jump out of the snare?
Remember when you bitched and moaned and called his kit broken before you ever played him? Pepperidge farm remembers. Goes to show that you talk out your ass more often than not.
I think Ramattra’s supposed to be a dive counter, specifically intended to counter all of Winston’s abilities, save for Ramattra’s ult. He can ground him, even during his ult, and damage him through his bubble with Nemesis form. Once Winston dies you could ult with relative safety
Expecting his health to be higher
So you can catch fliers.... but only when they are on the ground.
Cant wait for this character to dominate
He's a "tempo tank" 👍👍
Thank players oh hell yeah I’m gonna be able to play something broken.   Blizzard how about no
I bed blizzard is doing this just for propoganda for people buying battle pass like actual propoganda
i just realized that genji can probably deflect both of his primary fires
let his ability pull down harder and he can be played i feel like they thought he was gonna be broken so they pre nerfed him then theyre gonna see their new star child sucks and gonna buff him
Also kinda funny that he has an ability to help counter air but both his left clicks are horrible vs air.  Mby let the suck do dmg depending on how high up it caught a target. Kinda like fall damage.  The block really only seems useful when your ult is up.
why would you ever get close to a rein as ramattra you can just kite with your lucio and punch him or spam him, this opinion is unironically a macro/skill issue
I never really understood why people were calling him OP. He's not as flexible as he's marketed to be and lacks defense. Every good tank offers a valuable defensive attribute. Yes even Road Hog who manages to offer his "shield" but both literally being a meat shield but also not drawing heals from his team as he's relatively self sufficient and picking off opponents to reduce incoming damage.
so what you’re saying is that hog needs to be permanently deleted from the game to improve experience at all levels!
This makes me sad. He was supposed to be on demon time. He is only on that 9 to 5
Ramattra could be really good as a counterpick, but at the moment the things that should make him a good counterpick for certain strategies suck ass.   I think you could give vortex a lingering effect AND infinite verticality to effectively fill that niche  His other niche is shield piercing, so it boggles my mind that shields can stop his ult so fast. I'd make it so damaging shields with his ult keep it going, but the shields still protect enemies behind it.  Idk, it sucks that the niches that are supposed to make him strong don't actually work
Finally a new hero that isn't op at release. Well now the shitty battle pass won't be changed sinc epeople won't complain when he isn't pay to win
OP cries pay2win Underwhelming only good in low elos I swear this community is all over the place. can't be happy with anything. Next time let's wait till a hero is actually released before we assume a hero is broken
Honestly, I'm not surprised Ramttra sucks. The four new characters we've gotten, one was broken, one is really good, verging on broken, and two sucks. I feel like Blizz doesn't know how to do tanks anymore. Or they just don't care.
Song name? I know its an old school pokemon... gen 4?
but do the damage punches go through a zarya buble ?
i thought he would need to be nerfed, he needs to be buffed bro, make his anti air move taller and pull harder, make his barrier last 6 seconds, make his nemisis form have splash, and i believe the block is fine, his ult feels underwhelming so it should get a 20-40% damage reduction while using it
“He’s OP! Fucking stupid blizzard.”  “He’s not OP! Fucking stupid blizzard.”
If I had a nickel for every time blizzard released a new tank that ended up being underwhelming but still became my main I would have 2 nickels, which isn't a lot but it's weird that it happened twice
He seems like a jack of all trades master of none. They should've made him a proper form change character where he can near freely change form between a hyper offensive kit and hyper defensive then he could legitimately be a "tempo tank" and be good at things too
I think Blizzard tried so hard to not be accused of being P2W that they maid an underpowerred character, of the two options, it's probably better, but as a big lore character and someone with such a cool design, it is dissapointing.
Glad you actually said to suscribe because it made me realise I'm only subbed to 'Flats Two' even though I've been watching this chanell for a while! O_O
ult is actually good
maybe his block could heal him if they damaged him that eill gove some use to blocking damage
With his block in nemesis form being as bad as it is I feel like it would’ve been more synergetic to have a different ability like a Hulk clap, a large cone that does high cleave damage to really lean into the aggression of that form.
he's gonna be op in bronze so i'm sure he will be nerfed immediately.
my thoughts are 1. they should buff his base hp to 550 since he has no real self sustain and bump his nemesis form to 650. 2. they need to double if not triple the height of his vortex, I genuinely think its that bad. His raw damage numbers seem pretty good.3  they should increase the range of his nemesis form orbs to I think minimum 15 meters might be better sitting between 15-20. His shield could stand to be a little wider I think but other than that i think its fine.
He really looks bad, they'll probably compensate it by buffing Sojourn.
I kinda wonder if Genji can deflect anything he dishes out
My prediction was the current OWL meta could still counter Rammatra, I didn't think he would be this underwhelming tho
I thought the form change was going to behave more like Lucio's Crossfade when first introduced
Weird move trying to sell battle pass
It looked like everyone was taking a wizz on Ramattra...
If he isnt strong enough, kinda hope they make it so his block gives him a lot of ult charge and/or recharges him during ult so players second guess shooting him. His pull could use a little more suction and a bit more sky box.
He doesn’t look broken
Hmm... anti air should have no height limit, literally higher than the skybox height, its radius and active time is low enough to warrant that I think. and then maybe add 1 of these 3 effects to it, and increasing cd:     1) disable all movement abilities while in it     2) enemies can move anywhere within the circle, but cannot leave the circle. Even tracer rewinds would grind the edge of the circle (rewind HP still happens)     3) ALL movement abilities and effects sucks you into the center, redirecting back after passing the center, your panic escape button will now be your downfall. (walking still only slowed), 50/50 on whether lucio speed pulls everyone affected in or not, would be hilarious, but could lead to trolling at low elo Block should empower punches for the remainder of the mode, and scale based on amount of damage taken, and/or produce temp HP after the mode based on damage reduced. Punches in nemesis form produce 10% temp HP of damage dealt, lasts ~5 seconds, stacks, and refreshes duration on hit Ult should at least damage shields, but not extend its lifetime.
Something I didn't see you mention was how fast he charges his ult.  It looks to charge 2+ times faster than other tanks.
Yeah after seeing actual Ramattra gameplay i am legit not worried about it. I main Brig and I was worried until I saw gameplay now I can't wait to play against Ramattra. Finna be easy dubs lol.
0
if ramtra is like that they should definitely nerf genji
he seems so weak, i think they can improve him in absolutely every way, 1 second more duration to vortex, shield and ult at least, +5 meters on punches, and make vortex a lot better in terms of suction and height, why it just doesn't block movement abbilities like grav does?
I absolutely knew the pharah and echo being brought down was such bs in the trailer, his ability didn’t look to go up that high so I already guessed that it really wouldn’t affect them. Honestly I had a feeling he wouldn’t be as strong as people were fearing. Anyways where is Mauga, I know that big boy is gonna be a power house
We need them to buff ramattra
That cylinder needs to be infinitely tall
"Subscribe to the channel, I am a terrible youtuber" - Flats, 2022
Is his ultimate still active when he gets stunned by a Rein shatter or Ana sleep dart?
the problem with making characters that do a lot of different things is that if you make them good at everything they do they become super OP and a must pick, but if you make them average at everything they do then it's not useful because most playstyles and team comps need a character to fit in a certain role, an example being taking winston if ur playing dive, or reignhart if you're up close brawling. So Ramattra con only rly be OP or underpowered for high elo. should be fun in pubs and low elo tho
I can’t believe they just lied to us on how its abilities worked. Actually, i don’t find it so difficult…
the vortex needs multiple buffs, increased slow, increased damage and improved vertical range
so you say hes not the worst tank in the game when you listed off more then half that dump on him lmao “others”? as in hamster and doomfist? im curious who is worse.
they really need to nerf genji after this
Flats: Im not a big fan of unblockable damage Also Flats: Plays tank where they have Rein, Winton, Junker Queen who all have a pretty high source of unblockable damage. Rein with his hammer, JQ with her bleeds and Winton with his tesla cannon  And before you say it, the only thing that can block the hammer swing is genji's deflect
13:22 Showing his punch hit box when not even aiming at the target👎. You seam to want to treat him as a range tank, not a close up as he was clearly designed.
i wonder what would happen if you sigma ult and use his vortex, probably nithing tho if you think about it
You can hear the disappointed voice at the beginning of the video😂😅
I knew he was going to be bad, OW players fr lose their minds when a tank kills a stationary target in a gameplay trailer. My only worry is Blizz will see him being bad and overbuff him just bc he’s the new hero
8:14 “i don’t know if it is intentional or a bug” bruh, it is literally written on the screen that you can cancel it by pressing that button…
This is word for word what I said on your video that went over his trailer when everyone was freaking out about how he's going to be OP.
Is Genji deflct able to block Ramattras punches?
Can you cancel bubble
The most important question though. Does the punches go through Zarya bubbles? Asking for a friend.
Blizzard really over hyped this hero, a lot of us thought he would be this big area control tank but his vortex kinda sucks in a bad way, if they wanted it to be a flyer shutdown then have it goto the skybox limit.  His ult can be dangerous yes but one Winston bubble or shield and it’s almost useless
I imagine he'll still be pretty good at lower ranks. The nature of his kit punishes bad positioning and poor coordination.
His punches are similar to Zens attacks
Four new chars so far, the healer and the dps are game changers, broken on their own fields, the tanks are gimmicky trash  Bravo actiblizz
I actually really like him but to me he feels incomplete    He has poke   He can brawl But the thing he is missing in my opinion is movement so he can transition between poke and brawl  If he had his block replace with Winston jump I think he would be very good Because he would poke and waste the other teams cooldowns and then BOOM nemesis form Winston jump in and provide pressure that can’t be shielded But instead he just pokes and then can’t follow up on anything he really accomplished Edit: maybe if nemesis had anti CC and an extra 5-7 meters it would be good enough
I wonder if they balanced him for 6v6 and didn’t touch him again til now
Am I the dick because I just want the ptr back so anyone can try new things I love that streamers are getting hands on but what about the rest of us and yes I know he comes out in like 2 days bur still
The biggest question i had was just answered.  I didn't know if the vortex went skybox infinite or if it was a set height.  Looks to me like its 15 maybe 20, give or take, meters high. Kind of a let down but i do agree on one thing. This tank is gonna dominate low lobbies.  I can see him using an ult and wiping almost an entire team for sheer lack of peoples game sense on how to break LOS. Not quite the OP busted tank everyone first thought but....i do look forward to playing him and seeing if theres a fun factor bc to me...i just wanna have some fun with a new character.
I kinda think his ult is probably a last resort choice like if your entire team died and your the last to hold/contest point or cart that’s when you’ll have to pull out the ult and last lost as you possibly can
I'd rather see a below avg new hero, than a way overtuned new hero that's just better than everyone. Regardless how good he is, everyone will try it because it's new.
I can see it now: RAMATTRA  Bain of the Low Elo
Well, I'm glad my silver ass isn't completely nuts as I didn't see Rama being that super powerful.  No CC mitigation, slow ass attacks, no movement abilities (Being outclassed by Junker Queen of all things), and now on top of that a really short vortex and a really short shield uptime on a shield that was already really small to begin with. I'm still going to pub stomp with him though as my ELO still thinks holding the spawn door on defence is a good idea and has no idea what high ground is.  So the metal ranks are going to get a wake up call and I'm glad to deliver :)  He's going to suck ass any higher than gold for sure..
You can cancel fortify too for some bizarre reason
Vortex needs to have unlimited height, like sym barrier
Is it only me or flats doing sport
Flats: Oh yeah Ramattra is crap go play sigma loser Me: Let me ask you something you think this will stop me from maining him?
i thinnk that the play with ramattra is to poke the other teams tank dead and then rush in with nemesis mode to finish off the dps and support
I wonder if marketing team disagreed with balance team. As they would damage their image by ramattra being in a paywall.
Marketing really made us think he was going to change the way we play the game. What the hell does “internal testing” at Blizzard look like??? All they had to do was ask actual players like Flats, Emongg, etc. and they could’ve made some changes. But now we’re less than 24 hours out and THIS is all we’re getting. Wtf Blizz
they better not nerf hog, if ur having trouble against a hog thats a skill issue 🗿
Feels like he almost needs a movement ability to force those close range engagements. I would take a dash or something over his pull considering how lame the pull is. He doesn't seem like he's good at range or up close, which makes his gimmick just that. A gimmick.
Blizzard should change the vortex to the old orisa right click with a longer pull radius upwards
2 weeks later: *RAMMATRA IS CRAZY OP*
its now time for me to play nothing other than ramattra and learn how to play him well, in order to make people angry
If true . I don't like how the aerial characters can still get out of Vortex. Hopefully he gets tweaked some still.
Miss hearing “Good morning youtube got a goodie for ya”
You should do the stars like what you did for the other tanks
im actually happy that he isnt soujorn tier (aka S tier) hero, i want to play him a lot , and i dont want to be treated like crutch exploiter cause he is OP
I thing rammatra has going for it.......... might be one off (if not) the most bad ass looking tank in game. but gameplay wise, I was hoping to see him a bit stronger. :(
weh this fun new concept that is actually really cool and is going to be fun, isn't MinMaxed at top tier gameplay, they're garbage and bad and terrible and horrible and-  gods above, the hero ain't even been released to the general public and we're already getting creators trashing them.
The missed potential IMO is that they made nemesis form have a time limit and a cool down, they advertised it as this new shifting tank but like he’s just bastion Reconfigure, it’s literally the same balance Philosophy where you get this super strong form but only for a few seconds then you gotta wait a bit before you can use them again.  The easiest fix to actually give him an identity is make Nemesis form be more like Lucius Cross Fade, tap it to switch between forms and stay in them as long as you like, I would put a 3 second cool down on it so you can’t just spam change it.  Also make the ultimate work in both forms
I bet ya Death Blossom reaches higher than Vortex
The punches seem kinda similar to hog hook hitbox
Does anyone else think that maybe his ult could be a good counter for luico or Zen ult because I think that would make a good use of it. Idk, I could be wrong about it but I just wanted to know does anyone else think that
You are too hung up on the phrase temp you mean tempo of controlling the match blizzard means tempo as in the two different forms and setting a tempo between them
Ramattra needs a rework
This dude is overpowered yet they nerf genji wow blizzard wow
Wtf? He feels so underwhelming
He seems good against dive and I think it's fair to say he's still very good against Winston even though bubble can shut down his ult in ideal circumstances (as if Winston needed more counters). Fairly decent against Dva too but yeah he's niche. But if he's somehow meant to counter Sojourn Deathball, he doesn't look like he'll have much counterplay against Reaper so he's not an amazing pick for that. But he can probably save his ult to really disrupt Kiriko ult so we'll see. Combining him with poke/sniper dps might be very effective.   Good against Winston, Symm, Genji, Tracer, and Sombra, Kiriko, really bad against Hog, Reaper, Widow, Hanzo, Ashe, Zen
These just seem like a bunch of poor decisions, much like a lot of other things in this game
Flats be doing more work than blizzard smh...
I’m a long time subscriber but I just loled at the “I’m supposed to say… *checks notes* subscribe to the channel.”  It’s good though since it reminded me to like the video. 😊
I wanna know the patch notes
In true OW form, it's either a strong overpowered new hero or a anticlimactic release.
Looks like the anti air needs to have unlimited vertical range while the ultimate needs the damage enemies=pause duration probably needs to be removed.
funny how he is bitching about ramattra being balanced and having counters? lol
Is Mei wall tall enough to lift people out of it? 🤣
Air is air to air opponents
hog is just to good playing him has always felt like a joke i dont even need to turn my brain on to kill everyone
One youtuber says his op this idiot says his bad, idiot content creators should stop talking
Very clear analysis. Indeed, he seems bad. Too bad after junkerqueen release who is almost never played.
Idk man even doom looks stronger than him kinda disappointing i hope they buff him up in the next few weeks
After seeing this not gonna lie I'm disappointed I thought we get more out of his abilities, this is definitely not what I had in mind, I wish I could give better improvements but I don't know how
"Lower ranked players" omg I should stop playing
We still have yet you see what he can do in a real game setting. If feel with the added damage and healing of a team he will be much more valuable. The ultimate has some potential if the enemy doesn't have a shield.
Rammattra in my eyes, is still a new character. Give him a balance change or 2, and Blizzard will fix him, no doubt.
This is the most underwhelming hero launch we’ve ever gotten. Wtf is this. Marketing was the most deceptive for this game. Bottom 3 for sure.
We were worried it was pay to win, now it's pay to lose. Such disappointing news. I don't want him to be busted but when you're bottom 3 on release that's rough. Can't wait for him to be buffed season 3
They went through all the trouble to rework Orisa into her new Overwatch 2 form, only to release a massively nerfed version of her back into the game as Ramatra. Seriously. Independant shield on a cooldown, same primary weapon, Brawl form doing part of Fortify's job and Suck Pillar trying it's very best to be as good against flying enemies as Halt. I know that the long shield cooldown is going to make his game plan significantly different to old Orisa's, but still.
They should change 3 things 1. Buff vortex so that people can’t dash out of it and increase height 2. Increase the attack distance in nemesis form by at least 3m 3. Increase the time ramattra’s shield can stand
The staff taking up a third of the screen not too good either.
I’m gonna play him since he’s the leader of Robot ISIS. Inshallah Robibis
But Reddit told me that all new heroes are going to be OP so blizz can milk us all for our money!  Does this mean Reddit was WRONG?!
well at least we can sleep well knowing the next battle pass is not gonna be pay to win since Rammatra is not that good (still does not justify him being unlockable in the battle pass to begin with)
This Void Accelerator primary fire shot sound effect looks like a LEGO Machine Gun hahahaha
That thumbnail lol going from op to bad 🤡
I'm glad Ramattra isn't broken. Winning with him will be ultra satisfying. Brocken heros don't feel right to abuse imo.
I think nemesis form, and his ult are kind of noob friendly, and can stomp in lower ranks
The utter lack of mobility is a big thing too. His kit is split from longer range poke and shield and close range punches and aoe, with no means to cover the distance quickly.
How many other character abilities does the pull down break though? Does it only work on characters or will it affect things like the invisible hit boxes on Reins Ult, mess up Sym torrents flying through the air, pull Sigma down from his ult, etc... Just seems like when Kiriko ult was added a lot of abilities gained unintended consequences.
You just forgot to test the "Winston goes nowhere" statement, but I'm guessing it works.
Block should add time to Nemesis form
Doomfist getting buffed
Here me out his punch ability in nemesis form needs a slight increase in range to about 15 metres or if not that an increased area of effect. Then his block ability needs to be removed and needs to be replaced with an entirely new ability. I was thinking like a Winston dive that locks onto a specific enemy (he leaps onto that enemy doing small amounts of damage) this would allow him to get up close and personal diving into enemy back lines. THIS BLIZZARD SHOULD BE WHAT HE DOES. Anyone agree or have better ideas for his ability replacement for block?
It's sad that the two newest tanks have been week. I'd rather have two new supports.
Flats you 100% have more knowledge on this game than me and I value your input completely.  I'm leery about Ramattra, but am not counting him out just yet.  I remember seeing even some OWL pros saying Brig was bad and needed a buff when she was first released, but as time went on it became painfully obvious how busted she was.  We'll just have to see how the game evolves with the season 2 balance changes coming out tomorrow.  That being said I am surprised they didn't make his vortex just an infinite skybox, that would have been a cool area denial tool.  The cha cha slide punch block did always sound kinda strange, and I wonder if they should have just made the block pause the timer.
Yeah, but is he a 'Tempo Tank'?
anyone else that will NOT buy the battle pass. or anything in the store?
If Ramattra is this brawl hybrid Tank, He should not have a cooldown on his Nemesis form, also his Shield in normal form dose not need a cooldown. It Hurts to see that Ramattra is just got thrown in this cooldown system and the Vortex ability could use some reworking.
Make his punch blockble by shields and defance matrix. Instead of 8 seconds nemsis form time, remove the duration and let him swap forms as he wants with a swaping cooldown. Decrease or remove the vortex damege and make it blocks enemies vertical movement and slows them for a specific duration even if they goes out of the vortex range, and maybe make it a little longer vertically and lock the distance he can put it to something like hog hook or something. And for his ult let it suck shields but give it a specific duration instead of 3 second base with infinite time if he keeps hitting. I don't have anything to say about the shield and the block they are pretty good I think. This is my thoughts of what could make him better. mainly focusing on managing cooldowns to get the most out of him. I'm not very good at these things so don't laugh if it looks stupid to you :)
It's crazy how they made a hero who on paper seems op as fuck but in practice desperately needs a buff
Maybe he did need that 50% dmg reduction during his ult lol
How would his snare interact with a diagonal Hammond sing that is speeding fast Horizontally and vertically right when they enter the snare? Would ball be instantly be sucked into the ground and does it cancel his hook?
I really hope they extend that pull down mechanic so it reaches higher. It's a real bummer that the anti flyer ability can't actually really be used against flyers. It really makes me wonder what its purpose is supposed to be.
So he's a Bap counter, not a Pharaoh counter. Poor Bap, he didn't deserve this lol.
This character feels like he was balanced around the idea of 6v6, especially the adaptability of shifting from poking to brawl in order to help pile on the pressure during a fight since he seemingly fails to do so by himself.
Sooooooooooo, you think it could be possible Ramatra was originaly stronger but after hearing the complains about Soujourne they internaly nerfed him before reveling his numbers Just so they can wait with balancing him till season 3 without having people constantly complaine rightfully about the new borken character?
Map?
Yeah the tank whatever, I’m loving the Pokémon diamond music in the background Flats 😂
When I originally saw his 2 forms I thought he would stay on one when he switched instead of it being a 8 second transformation. They should definitely rework him to have that and buff his root ability and make it to where if you're caught by it you can't use movment abilities at all until the slow is done with, and bring his ultimate to have 25 or 35% reduced damage, because that actually seems like it would be better then what we got tbh
Vortex looks crazy weak. Disruption is on a 1 or 2 second longer CD and yet it looks like it covers a similar(maybe even slightly larger) area while slowing as much or more and doing 4-5x the dps and lasting about as long. He's not a dps character but considering it's the only ability usable in both forms, has a long CD, and he doesn't have a ton of power anywhere else in his kit, you'd think it'd either cover a lot more area or be much stronger and if it at least stretched infinitely vertically it could at least provide some control against flyers.   He doesn't look like he'll be in a + matchup against any tank. Rein matchup looks OK when you think of punches until you realize if rein gets healed and just shield it, he survives the CD on nemesis form and immediately kicks the shit out of rammatra. So he doesn't really win up close cause Rein, Orisa, Zarya all fare well against him, while mobile tanks will dance around him since he has nothing to stop them(Vortex is laughable.) Even JQ gets more mobility, more sustain, while being able to knife him back to her if he tries to disengage as nemesis ends, at which point axe + left click will outdps him. He doesn't counter flyers, has 33% barrier uptime so good luck preventing hitscans from blowing your team away, and if you get up close opponents can just mobility out because vortex is trash.   My entirely too early verdict is he looks very low impact - wrecking ball survivability with lower CC, mobility, and area denial.
refreshing to see people actually talk about how hes not that good lmao, so many clickbait titles about how "broken" and op he is
Why not just let him stay in his tank form? That cooldown seems so forced
Ramattra: Jack of all trades, but master of none
Did you test blocking between punches?
the circle should cripple and prevent movement abilities
What a dogshit hero, total letdown.
I mean it says press shift to cancel the ult
I feel like either they should change him so that he can freely swap between Omnic and Nemesis, or buff his kit overall. No point being a jack of all trades, but barely decent at any
can't pharah just use concussion mine to boop herself off the vortex?
"Not a fan of unblockable damage"  My man, you play Winnie and Rein
It seems as if he was made to be dva counter, just how all of his abilities answer to something she does in some way. Since dva is a mid tier tank rn ramattra ends up being bad against other tanks
God he garbage
I mean you were literally saying he was doing broken damage in the showcase now ur saying he needs buffed. Everyone else saw this a mile away, him attacking frozen targets is no comparison to actual gameplay
4:17 that has got to be one of the biggest projectile hitboxes in the game. looks about as big as orisa's javelin. you're literally aiming an entire cree width away from cree and still hitting him ..
pay to lose :D
Just realized he can be 2 shit by widow how pathetic
wow its almost like twitch chat and twitter have no fucking idea what theyre talking about and he was never gonna be insanely broken
8:13 it says on the left of the aim box "cancel Lshift," but I agree why would you do that?
just make him Nasus at this point haha
Honestly I'm glad that his ult is not as crazy as it sounded when they first announced him. The not ending so long as he's doing damage worried me that he could possibly infinitely contest a point, but since shields can block the LOS, and its only 3 seconds base makes it seem much more balanced, if a bit weaker than they showed. I think he'll be interesting to see in my matches since I'm still in the lower elo, and I feel like he'll end up in a similar space to Junker Queen, where he's on the weaker half of the tanks, but can still get results if played really well
Why not let shield stay up longer and have the vortex reach the sky box?
8:12 the cancel is intentional, there is a thing on the screen that says "CANCEL LSHIFT" to the left of the reticle close to the left hand
I'm an Ana main and I'm offended by Flats takes on brz anas :P
Honestly, I think I'd prefer if Blizz decided to release a character slightly underpowered rather then OP, especially if that character is tied to the battlepass. If they intentionally aim for slightly under powered with a few buffs in mind then they can see how he performs and what people want out of him first, and release those buffs to make those better. Like if people want him to be a good Anti-Air tank, then they could buff the height of his pull, how much it pulls, or if it negates movement abilities entirely. If players want him to be more of a toolbox tank, then making his ability to switch forms have a few second cooldown but he can stay in either form for as long as possible would let him get maximum value out of that forms abilities. Underpowered characters with room to grow means that the devs can look at where specifically he's lacking and buff him up, rather then look at an OP character and figure out how to nerf it without ruining the characters playability. It also means they if they underestimate how strong a character is, then that underestimate is still closer aligned to the rest of the cast instead of far and away better like Sojourn.  It also feels better across the board, since a character who's OP and dominates the meta isn't great for the health of the game and nerfing it sucks for any players who enjoy playing the character. Instead, releasing a weaker character and then bringing them up to par with the rest means no waiting for 2 - 4 weeks with a bad metagame centered on this character before a patch rolls out and anyone who plays the character will be happy to receive a buff. I look at it kinda like how Blizzard implemented their reduced XP system into WOW. At first your character would recieve less XP after playing for so long as a debuff, which was largely hated. Instead it was flipped to be a positive thing, where you'd receive an XP boost if your character was "rested" after not playing so long, and this would wear off. Even though the numbers were exactly the same, making it a positive thing that helps the players made it feel good. So, making Ramattra slightly weaker and then bringing him up is better for the health of the game rather then making him oppresively OP.  It also helps reduce pay to win accusations against the battlepass if the tied in character is weaker. Especially since by the time a balance patch to buff him up rolls around many people may be close to unlocking him for free just by playing anyway. Personally I think this could be a good design concept moving forward, rather then splashing in with a new OP hero and then trying to balance that hero later down the line.
He's super underwhelming, I wouldn't be surprised if blizzard nerfed him into the ground before anyone had the chance to test him in the PTR. He barely does any damage so he's just tickling opponents, his nemesis form only lasts 8 seconds, his barrier only lasts a couple seconds, his ultimate damage is pathetic, too little health, and all of his cool downs are too long. It's going to be too east to pick him off. What a shame
Does the vortex work from under a platform/stair
I feel like blizzard is kinda afraid to make a hero so strong that the community gets pissed even more. Thats why ramattra seems weak because of this fear to make something op.
He def gonna be in need of a lucio speedinh him for his lack of movement
With what I saw in the trailer, I thought and was hoping that Ramattra was going to be an anti air tank to be able to counter phara-mercy. I feel that his E should instead be some ranged directional energy that deactivates  flight abilities. It would kinda be a long range hack but it only deactivates flight abilities and nothing else.
The AOE damaging slow on a Tank seems interesting, and pretty fun. Yeah probably won’t dominate coordinated players in the top 500 but that much AOE area denial will go a long ways for most players and create some interesting plays
Ramattra is going to run out if Winston's bubble right to the shieldless Squishies.  Pair him with Lucio like other low mobility characters and he gets to run around punching everyone down.
5:00 dudes complaining that the hitbox too small as he’s aiming 3 feet away from the target. overwatch players on some smooth brain activity
"Notes"? I like to think R3tro is sat off-screen with large cue cards and aggressively underlining the "please subscribe" part with his finger and tapping his foot
This really feels like a situation where he was initially gonna be overtuned as we expected but given the massive backlash of “op character being put in battlepass” and the general unhappiness of the community given the monetization. Blizzard decided to change him so as to not ruin the last bit of good faith the community had.
Either have the vortex do like the job it’s supposed to do or make a new ability. If a character has no mobility then they don’t need a vortex, if they do have mobility than the vortex is useless? Like what kind of ability is that? “Oh Winston can’t jump!” He can bubble or ult and be completely fine. The vortex doesnt even last long.
Why is Blizzard granting early access to a new character and a new map to content creators? It's a competitive advantage, however small it is, and it's just baffling that a ranked player gets a headstart just because they make videos on youtube and twitch. If you don't want to buy the battlepass, not only will there be people who will have more experience with the new hero than you just because they were willing to pay, but now there's also this caste of people who will get it even earlier than that.  Maps and heroes must be made available for everyone at the same time, no paywalls or preferences. It's a competitive game ffs
I feel like Vortex is more to keep people from 'taking off', punishing PharMercy or Echoes that do touch the ground in a controlled area. As they even said themselves that a WinTon can hardly jump out of it?
I'm perfectly fine with him being underpowered to start. Let people unlock him first, then they can make him viable.
so glad i dont have to unlock a battle pass tier for a character thats not worth....least for now.
There is theory and reality. Only one way to see if the concern is for sure. Play Ramattra himself. Thanks for the breakdown.
I think the vortex is a good idea but horribly executed. We've needed a character who can actually stop mobility, not just punish it.   What vortex SHOULD be is something akin to graviton surge where it disabled all movement abilities. Otherwise what these abilities actually do it fuck up everyone but punish mobile characters less so. Especially when mobility is so ridiculously powerful with every meta character having a quick, reliable mobility escape (save maybe reaper kinda?).  An ability like graviton punishes and disables character with mobility abilities much more since it takes away part of their kit and their options, but someone like junkrat can continue to use his entire kit he just can't WASD.   Like CC being on the game is the best answer we have to mobility, but with less of it now than ever and it being harder to land on mobile characters BECAUSE of their mobility, it just punishes less mobile characters more. Grav is an ult and so won't be up too often, what we need is a more frequent ability to deny movement somewhat reliably.
this is hella disappointing
He's not bad, you are with him. No offense of course, just use him a lot more.
It's nice to see they made a new hero who isn't just op, but now he seems kinda underpowered even, worse version of other tanks mixed together. His ult will be powerful in lower ranks tho for sure
OW players: I'm scared these new heroes are going to be pay2win after Kiriko! Blizzard: Oh I wouldn't worry about it.
They probably let you cancel the ult because it doesn’t end, so you could be locked in nemesis form forever otherwise. Cancelling it would let you move faster and use your shield as needed without having to get away from the enemies
The block should be more than 50% damage negation. I thought doomfists block was bad, and its at 90%. And yes the vortex should be taller. It needs to work as advertised, and having a tank that can bring down sky dps besides road hog would be nice. (It should be as strong as roadhog hook in terms of reach.) Im curious about its interaction against a junk rat using his mine to fly. Im not worried about the ult though. I would make sure the other barrier is down before I popped it.
I honestly thought his ultimate’s los wouldn’t be blocked by shields/barriers. Having his Nemesis form do piercing punches that go through pretty much everything that is not a wall, and then you have his ultimate which is also part of his Nemesis form, to be blocked by shields/barriers? An ability that is literally supposed to have high impact on games SPECIALLY if it’s on a 4 second timer. Kind of disappointed if I’m being honest.  Also I heard a you-tuber mention this before his gameplay was revealed, which actually made a lot of sense, and that was that you could change forms similar to Wrecking ball, where you are not limited by a timer to be in one form and then forces you to switch back to the other one and wait for a cooldown. Honestly him changing forms is what hyped me the most and I thought that maybe he could change forms and stay in which ever form you choose, but unlike wrecking ball, maybe have a small cooldown on when YOU want to change forms. Maybe that’s just my opinion but even though he has a lot of cool ‘looking’ abilities, he is also very limited.
I haven't played him yet. But as a Sigma main I don't see how I would play him unless I have a specific comp. And I would think Ram is just much more hard to play against since his ranges aren't as strong. The thing that makes him interesting  is....he is very close to being buffed to being really good. For instance if they extend his range on Vortex and his punch he instantly becomes a MUCH better character. So we will have to see how they balance him. And if its one thing in this game that is true, if you have a defensive button and it doesn't completely eat the projectile or heal it probably is bad. Orisa Gold offers health buff. Sigma grasp gives health. Defense matrix negates damage period. Doom even gives you something to flow into. Ram is a disconnected disjointed character that wants to be Sigma and Rein/doom yet does nothing they can do better than them or even close
i hoped he will be a tank counter for pharah, he can kill her from far since he as not falloff damage but the vortex realy should have been better, still i can think he can be a good bastion counter with his block: in low elo they don't understand to not face his turret form but his block last long and seems to take a lot of damage since i see him getting reaper ult with not much damage at all
Ramattra feels really underwhelming and boring. His kit is just "there" and has very little counterplay, since the punches go trough shields and succs. Tank players will get harassed to play Shield tanks to counter his ultimate, which runs completely out of control in some situations if left unchecked. I feel like this is the weakest hero release we've had, its like something straight out of Paladins.
You said, towards the end, "he's a gimmicky tank", but I think you meant "TEMPO tank"! /joke
I was scared that he would be broken as sojourn but now I'm sad for tank mains that they got a tank that can challenge doom for the worst tank place :)
I understand that blizzard are afraid of releasing a broken hero again but come on... This is just underwhelming...
It seems like you can almost spam his nemesis form and keep getting 200 armor so he can survive better than most tanks besides road hog, ball, rein, dva and genji who needs another nerf btw
Very anticlimactic. I thought he would be able to be in either form without a timer. His abilities don’t seem that impactful because they last for a couple seconds. He just seems week. I’m disappointed so far and I hope they make real changes to make him balanced but strong and fun to play
Looked like he would be overpowered to begin with!
Don't overreact. Sojourn was very mid (even weak) in the first beta. Then people complained and they overbuffed her and we got this insanely overpowered Sojourn. New heroes being released in a balanced or even in a slightly weakened state is better for the game, they can buff her slowly as needed.
Plot twist: Rammatra was added to the game solely because blizzard wanted players to learn to rely on hard cover.
intended ability to skill check high mobility heroes is basically useless against high mobility heroes and is really only a concern to low mobility heroes. Sure is overwatch.
I love playing offmeta chars, so maybe i'll pick him up.
I think if Rammatra's ult could target shields but instead of stopping the timer, it slowed how fast it drained, it might be pretty decent and not be potentially oppressive like just a flat duration increase might. The vortex, I think it might be pretty interesting if it capped the acceleration that heros in the field could have, it might need to set each player to a certain speed upon activation for it to work properly(like if you catch a sojourn mid slide or something), but that would prevent characters with burst movement from just immediately leaving. idk the numbers for this that would make it something that needs to be respected but isn't just oppressive. For the block, I think it might be interesting if he takes damage from the front (i.e. he mitigates damage with the block) the nemesis form timer is paused for 0.25 seconds or something, and this timer resets on each instance of damage (this might be something to have in ult as well, but that might be a bit much). Maybe some of these are good, maybe some are bad, but they would make the kit a lot more interesting imo.
Will he shut down ball pile drive?
should of made him a "tempo Support" more of a support charater and made his E heal same with his ultimate.
Wow those are some really long cooldowns for abilities that only last a few seconds. Having a hard time seeing the value here, he just seems to do a lot of things other heros already do, but worse. Fun dialogue though
Pubstomping lower ranks? Exactly what I’m looking for. A new tank to kick my Silver ass.
He’s going to do great in bronze but not top levels like moira. You have to expect characters like that though.
HES NOT BETTER DOOM POGGG
weapon inspects in s2?
People have been thinking that he’s going to be OP and I think they may have responded to that. Certainly some durations seem to have been tweaked since the trailer, though it’s hard to tell since so much of that was in slow motion. I do hope that they make sure he’s strong on release. I think the ideal trajectory for a character is strong on release so that people can play the new character with no practice without feeling like they are handicapping their team, then nerfing them from there as people gain experience with the character to bring them in line with the rest of the cast (much faster than they did for Kiriko/Sojourn, though Sojourn is a weird case since she was bad in the beta).
Overwatch is dead, this is Bobby's world.
I think the vortex could have a bigger radius, and having a stronger effect on the edges but less in the center, so it still allows some movement in the center to dodge a bit but prevent the easy escape as shown. The slowdown effect could be like 30% at the center up to 80% on the edges (or different value, you get the idea). Beside this point, gonna have to try it in game
i'm so excited for low elo players to cry how incredibely op he is anyway
So he’s balanced but a bit underwhelming. At least he’s not annoyingly busted
Ramattra's vortex should just cripple movement abilities. In its current state it is utterly useless.
I feel like the only place that might fits Ramattra is open queue comp.
I’m sensing a pattern with tanks from OW2, cool in concept with good potential, but atrocious in balancing… Exhibit A: Junket Queen Exhibit B: Ramattraa
Wow… They made him lame…
Why is the shield only 4 seconds? There's almost no Overlap with nemesis. If you go I to nemesis when shield ends you will still have 3 seconds in the open when it ends...
I really dont like this since you said this tank could be a good pub stomper and great for low elos that balance with there tik tok ideals they may nerf him more and like kill him off
He needs a buff already imo he’s just not gonna be viable at any tank 😂
Btw to any new players that stumble onto this video just ignore Flats and his garbage takes. This dude is always wrong and has these garbage takes for views. One of the most annoying content creators for OW2.
i think they need to tune him a bit to make him more viable in some situations or at least reduce his shield cd or vortex so he can bring utility to the fight but other then that he just seems like a fun tank thats not really that good tbh
i won't be able to play it until the end of the next season anyway :)
Flats you seem to have perfectly predicted this character. As a jack of all trades in Overwatch you said he would either be master of all or master of none. Seems the latter, but not too terrible. I’m betting he’s average at best.
He’s not him
"I'm trying to keep opinions till the end of the video"   Puts "he's bad" in the thumbnail.
They hyped him up way to much
Cant wait to see the ally Ramattra and the enemy Ramattra just do a stand off during their ultimates lol  Edit: Predicted it lol
i love how the comment in his gameplay video were all ''omg this dude is gonne be OP as hell when he comes out'' and now most of em are ''hmm this dude might be underpowered or useless when he comes out''
Why did roadhog get ramattra but not me
There being a timer on his second form kinda takes away of the whole “two modes/tempo tank” thing if you ask me
I think they should make it so his Block extends his Nemesis Form, if he blocks damage, his Shield should work like Sigma's, and the Vortex should do what it suppose to do and does, but also block the activation ability that can just nopes out of it as long as they're in it. That just my opinion though.
Flats: I promise I'm trying to keep opinions to the end Flats Thumbnail: He's bad
I expected him to be op, but tbh better for new hero to be weak rather then overpowered.
How to Counter Ramattra: Just walk away. Hit da bricks.
Besides staff and ult, ram just feels too much as a support tank than the usual ow2 raid boss tanks. The nemesis form looks like more of a panic button to get hp and armor since his shield is best damage mitigate. I feel like ram is made for OW1 as a off tank.
Would it be too crazy if he was allowed to stay in his nemesis form as long as he wanted but then after coming out he would be dealt the cooldown? My thoughts are that since his monk form is his primary source of poke, his nemesis form still wouldn’t be used all the time considering his low innate range and his relatively low dps as well. My only concern about this change would be once again low elo, I feel like considering how long it takes to kill healers in lower ranks his survivability would be a bit oppressive. This is all to lean in to his “tempo” playstyle (which I understand is just a flashy word they gave to draw in the players). Anyone has any thoughts on this?
ramattra definitely feels like "the boss when you unlock it" his kit would 100% work as a very threatening boss fight supposedly for when we get pve
10:05 - why you think he's supposed to pin people down? this skill is only synergetic with his alt form and ult - it makes players movespeed less than his. That's more than enough. Why escape abilities shouldn't work all of a sudden? This hero is opaf and you're annoyed it's not 9000% cancer? Wtf?
Ironically he is kind of a bad hero, yeah the unblockable damage and heavy damage resists do give him a good boost, but his basekit is weak, yeah you could pepper the enemy team but with such a low damage output and a slow projectile speed makes him basically a free kill to any widows that spot him, the ult is unique for sure, but not as bad as it seems, as you can basically force a team to leave a point to avoid feeding his power, especially if he has a decent healer like mercy to pocket him, or someone like kiriko to speed boost.
I really thought they are gonna make this character busted af because they have a monetary interest in people wanting to play him --> so they buy the battle pass
Seems OP, nerf genji
False blizzard advertising on ramatrra!
Whoever thought a 1k Shield should last for ONLY 4 seconds should be fired...
a big shield healthpool like zen would be nice. that would help with self sustain.
Cool down on switching forms was unexpected... I actually think he doesn't look that busted. Long CD on shield, screwing that up would be huge.
I'm just glad they actually implemented counterplay into a new character because fuck Soj.
This tank is gonna bully low elo lmao
So he’s bad against all the current meta tanks? That’s crazy
So even if he had the 50% damage reduction would that still make him viable competitively or no?
If he still had the 50% damage reduction on his ultimate, I'd say he would be very strong. Regarding shields, while alone you can't break Winston's shield well, in a team with a bit of coordination that isn't that good. Whole different story for Rein/Symm's shield.
The vortex feels like a Lucio counter.
I think what would make him better, is if his gravity pull went all the way up to the skybox, and lasted maybe 1.5 seconds longer. It lasts for too little time, and is essentially a useless ability. His shield is really good though. I also think his nemesis form should give 200 extra shield, instead of only 150, and last 10 seconds instead of 8. His ult is actually really good, and his punches and weapon are fine, but his other abilities suck so hard.
The vortex needs to disable flying abilities because people being able to just get out is inconsistent to other movement disabling abilities (Junkrat’s Trap, Zarya’s Ultimate)
doomfist is gonna be punching him left right out of his ult
Ramattra will probably be very fun in pve whenever that comes out
Hopes might’ve been too high on this one, but I really thought the nemesis form would be a toggleable ability. Maybe too strong without a duration, but if his base form is better anyway I don’t see the harm in removing the duration and leaving it as a cooldown after switching. Thanks for the good content and insight as always though 👍🏻
Swain ult meets Overwatch 2
Genji, Hanzo, and Kuriko can still wall-climb within the vortex but as soon as they stop they're pulled down too.
Pretty sure you can tell exact distance by pinging btw flats
1,000 hp on his shield?? tf they made it out to be as strong as reins shield but... naww not at 1,000  also can't forget to mention flats dislikes unpreventable damage, but plays rein whos hammer swings are unpreventable damage lol
I think it could be fixed if they let you toggle between the two forms instead of the tank form being a cooldown timed ability. Maybe a cooldown so you cant constantly switch back and forth but that at least let’s you get big in the team fight but stay small with better range in the poke.
"you dont get to pick what you want" means we have a balance issue. bad match ups should never be worst then 6/4.
What in the freekin shet is that ult duration
Atleast its not pay to win😂
What if the vortex applied like a 5 second debuff thats takes away the ability to jump of fly if you get hit by it?
I really wonder if his e activates when he hits someone with it, maybe you could do some airshots on phara with it or something
this is extremely underwhelming  I can understand them releasing a hero in a "weaker" state and tuning them up, but honestly, fuck that. it's a new hero, make them fucking busted and tune them down after a few weeks (not after literally 2 months, Sojourn can unalive herself)
zzzzz BORING new hero
If hog stays like he is, I'm not sure how much longer I will play. It's not a skill issue it's the fact that he gets value by literally existing and hitting maybe 1 hook every 30 seconds.  It's not enjoyable to play as hog nor against it. It's disappointing to me that remattra is very underwhelming. I was hopeful that we would get a different meta. It appears not...
yea pretty much what i was expecting. Just a mediocre pick that can do multiple playstyles worse than the others.
Is it just me or does literally all the abilities seem like a scrapped Mei Tank kit that they made into another hero? Like the animation for his shield is almost uncanny to the Mei wall, even sounds the same damn near. His AA is basically just the same as Mei but longer range, can crit, and more lead. Maybe im over thinking
To be honest you and almost every top 500/GM player also said that Junkerqueen was pretty weak until actual pros (Overwatch league players) got their hands on  the character, and absolutely dominated with her. She was a must pick in OWL until the nerfs, so we will have to wait and see how the contenders players will react.
No shot he’s AS bad as junkerqueen right….Right?!
Dang he is very underwhelming. His vortex looks useless. It has a tiny range, minimal damage, short duration, and long cooldown. The only thing is seems to be good at is stopping vertical movement but the tiny vertical range makes it so situational
as a hog main hog solos
This Hero lacks identity. Kind of a bit of everthing but nothing is really good. His CC sucks, his primary fire in both forms is not impressive his Block is a debuff. And his ult might be worse than Orisas. Edit: spelling
Gosh I can’t wait for a good junker queen buff.
I feel like he’s gonna be good in lower ranks because he could survive for mad long if u don’t kill the healers
Theres alot to say but an hour of gameplay pr less wont makeup everything about ramattra, we will just have to wait and see in season 2 if he is amazing or alright
Seeing that hes not gonna be as busted as the trailers made him out to be is a huge relief.
Also I think if nemesis form had a separate health bar and less or no cooldown between switching it would add a level of health management and make getting hooked less of a problem
Flats: “I still think there are worse tanks in the game” Me: *cries in Junkerqueen*
I feel like ramattras E should be an old orisa pull but with the slowing AOE as well if the idea is to stop enemies escaping.
You think the community knee jerk reactions to his ultimate may have killed the tank? Since it looks like his previous win conditions is to poke for ultimate charge and go in to kill everyone as an unkillable tank being speed boost by either Lucio or Kiriko. If you dive him or his backline during poke phase, he uses vortex to prevent you from escaping. His other form is to allow him to brawl if you try to push towards him with shield and get into brawling range when he wants to camp and farm ult charge.  Don't mind me, I'm a gold support player, so I don't know what I'm talking about.
I can see there being some specific scenarios where cancelling the ult might be a viable option, like the enemie's final teammate about to c9 you at 1hp or something and you not having the mobility to contest with ult because your lucio died or something, and you are the only one  that can even get close enough to the objective to do anything about it then yeah maybe cancelling the ult to get the pick is better than menacingly walking up with the ult only to be c9'd or for the ult to run out by the time you get there anyways. Definitely an unlikely scenario, but it is still one of many possibilities  I think that having the option to cancel it is fine, its just something to keep in mind in case you ever do need to use it I suppose
Yeah, their buffing ramatra
Bro already needs a buff 💀💀
It seems like Blizzard didn’t want to make the battle pass hero too strong so that people wouldn’t call them out for making the game completely pay-to-win
Couldn't play JunkerQueen. Can't play Ramattra-- It feels like there is no new tank
I think the one thing i would like to see aside from all the stuff you've talked about is that his nemesis form should just be a swap between forms and you're in the form as long as you want but your ability is just on 8 second cooldown so you can't swap forms instantly
Ngl im kinda dissappointed I was looking forward to something different especially with the vortex for flyers and the ult but dam kinda dissappointed
I think this looks great. You could easily tune him up over by adjusting cooldowns or maybe the pull of the vortex. JQ is also weak, but insanely fun to play. If the new tanks start out on the weaker side and come up to being competitive, we can avoid the pay 2 win issue of having matches dominated for weeks by people who bought the new op tank.
i think the going out of ult is intentional if you don't have any more target but a far pharah you may want to esc the ult and try to shoot her instead of waiting for it to finish, not that 3 sec are long but it's always 3 sec
The one thing I really dislike is his barrier. I was expecting old orisa shield or something more similar to the sigma shield, but a barrier that just lasts 4 seconds and takes 15 seconds to charge up again feels useless. It just doesn’t sound useful. Had it been a better shield, I’d totally see him being fun and useful, except for playing against hog, his kit does nothing against a good hog.
That’s disappointing but very informative 😅
Did you test or know how sleep dart affects his ult? does it keep going while hes asleep or does it stop?
Well all know he's gonna get an OP buff to make people buy the skins cuz theyre gonna want to dress up the new meta character
Imagine you could slap the ravenous vortex orb to a wall in like, kings row or something and anyone caught in it is pulled to that wall, that would be cool and frankly more effective than the “anti air” use of this ability.
They need to buff the vortex for sure
We had very high expectations for Ramattra. He ist as op as it was seen in the trailers. I still like the character tho, he looks cool.
Can Baptiste jump out?
What about zar bubble ? Can you punch through ?
WARNING: THIS IS AN EXTREMELY HOT TAKE COMING FROM A LOW PLAT PLAYER THAT SPENT LIKE 1 MINUTE OF ACTUAL THINKING INTO THIS IDEA, SO FEEL FREE TO FLAME ME FOR IT BEING STUPID.  Give Ramattra's Nemesis form a passive that makes it so he can not be affected by movement-impairing effects (similar to fortify without the damage reduction or headshot immunity), as well as increases his damage by 25% for two seconds after a movement-imparing effect attempt to affect him (potentially accompanied by some kind of voice line about how he won't be stopped). This will reduce the number of options for counterplaying his ultimate (which there seem to be many of), increase his damage output potential for all elo's, and reward Rammatra players for countering CC's by switching into Nemesis form at opportune moments other than "oop, my cooldown is ready".   This would especially lead to a bit of a better matchup against Roadhog, who currently would kick Ramattra to the curb like a sick puppy suffering from malnutrition, but would also help his overall survivability in fights, give his block a bit more of a purpose than to scream "please sleep/hook me" like Doomfist block does, and overall make both forms appealing to play with.  If you find this to be a stupid idea, feel free to tell me just how dumb it is and why.
I feel like ramatra should do extra damage in nemesis form IF his physical punches (not the projectiles) land directly. I feel like it would alleviate his up close issues a little and would make running a Lucio or kiriko with him even more beneficial. (Sorry if flats already says this. I’m not finished with the video just yet)
It seems to me like the punches are very underpowered and need a damage buff considering it's a short ranged aim ability
Like you said, he'll be strong in lower ranks. This is always the trap OW balancing falls into....the dev team struggles with the balancing for all ranks. I don't envy them, but we saw that the lower ranks struggled with Sojourn, they buffed, and now she's almost OP in most games and definitely a must pick in higher ELO. There's a point where you have to pander to the bigger player base, but at the same time it kind of takes away the skill factor.
Why in the world does he not 3 shot with his punches? Or hell make it a two shot with a mercy pocket! But 4? Literally an Ana or bap will out heal his damage lmao.
🔨🥖🛡 ftw
If you look at the promo clips for him his ult was a lot different like it was sucking people down to the ground and it wasn’t really a circle like that..
What if the vortex just didn't have a height limit? keep the same radius, but imagine being a Pharah or something and you just have to avoid that one area otherwise you'll get 'slowly' pulled down.
Heres my opinion, starting off with the biggest or most infuential opinion. Ramattra shift should be unlimited, you can stay in either form for however long but have a 2 second cooldown of switching back and forth. Ramattra E should be reworked entirely, I have nothing against molotovs but when its that bad and completely overshadowed by sojourn molotov theres no reason to have it. Dont know what it should be switched to, I wouldnt mind if they made it like junkerqueen knife where it pulled things closer. His shield is alright, I do kind of wish its duration was either longer or the shield was larger but without a doubt it needs to be on a shorter cooldown. I honestly don't see him being higher than a c tier. That being said Im one of millions of idiots on the internet so your feedback and criticism is welcome.
It gives me Valorant vibes 🏃
May I make a question: On the test build you're playing Doomfist got buffed?
dissapointing to see how great they made him to look in the trailer only for him to be pretty useless 😕
You know what, he wouldn't be bad if his shield lasted longer and blocking paused the cooldown.
I love how flat’s literal has to have a script to try and promote himself because he’s so wholesome
What do I think? Well Ramattra comes out on December 6, but due to battle pass he actually comes out FOR REAL sometime probably mid/late January when those 55 levels have been grinded lol. So I'll only be able to give my proper feedback once we hit season 3 cus sure as shit I'm not buying some battle pass to get immediate unlock 😂
Does his vortex pull down a Ball that’s spinning around on grapple?
I commented his ult is was blocked by rein sheild people were hating on my comment );
Sounds like he could benefit from healing when their is damage dealt to his block
i like em but i want the slow area to be taller cus fuck pharah and mabye jsut mabye an area increase and mabye a bit longer ult duration since shields bocking it but eh
Zens bigger tank brother
He dosn't have an staff, he has a fancy fork-holder 😂
I spectated a Ramattra but it's a brazillian switch player
10:36 kinda dissapointing maby they should add an effect like cripple from paladins which doesn't allow movement abilities
I feel like he might fit in with a poke brawl hybrid comp. But he doesn’t seem broken in the slightest
Ramattra seems to be actually balanced and strong in certain situations/maps/teams.  Unlike Sojourn who was just broken across the board, being able to spam and oneshot across the map.
Wait...wouldn't the gravity well of his stop Winston from using his leap to escape? So you could you pop ult, anchor the winston and just punch him through his own shield? And high level teams will pop the bubble almost instantly.  Think people will be pleasantly surprised with what this kit can do and how it ends up working at both high and low levels.
Ramatra mains already be like: God f#cking damnit this is without nerfs still.
Guarantee they're gonna change this guy up. Lots of good comments here suggesting changes that would make sense and not be OP.
Flats to make it easier on you mark the enemy and it tells you how far away they are. Rather than guessing how far they are
It might be too busted, but I think he should get a movement speed buff while blocking instead of slowing
If he punches zarya bubble does it go through, damaging her and charging her?
Damn he sucks lol, they overhyped him in that trailer
Tbh even if he is bad that isn't going to stop me, I'm still going to try find a way to make him effective.
Welcome to the new dev team. Who designed this hero?
I suppose Pharah could just boop herself out of vortex as well, then fly up.....if he actually got her in it.
I feel like they should have let you freely switch
I would rather have him be like this than sojourn op
That's unfortunate he looks soooo coool but he is bad F
I'm shocked his E doesn't extend to the top of the skybox. I expected he'd pull enemies down then use his melee attacks to fight them, but if this doesn't work his design seems really confused, I thought that would be his main niche.
He seems like he was built for 6v6 but blizzard decided to drop that and forgot to adjust his abilities.
Oh wait a minute. Didn't Ramattra have a "wrong" description on his ultimate during his first showing stating that enemy damage done to ramattra is reduced by 50% while they are thethered to the ultimate? But due to public outrage they stated it was wrong and not intended in his kit. And now that he is out its exactly what he actually needs to be a brawler in a fight with his ultimate instead of just sitting there blocking... I now wonder if it was ACTUALLY wrong or if they went into damage control after the public outrage of how OP he is...
he's gonna suck then they're gonna hard buff his vortex and mei ramatra will be meta. thats cringe
the timer on the ult needs to change, something about it not moving down is really distracting
Demond Fludd Sr and his daughters Aids Mongoloids reported Life too
Tanks have been done dirty with these last 2 releases junker queen is the only now charecter that isn't broken and ramatra based on this video is mid
His vortex should put movement abilities on cooldown or add on like 1-2 seconds to not totally restrict it but just enough so no tracer or mercy can get out
Vortex and shield have unjustified long cooldowns for how trash they are rn, a shield every 11 seconds means you get to use it at best 2 times per fight, and the vortex does almost nothing, wth is this balance
Essentially, his problem is that he doesn't do enough - which is kind of weird to say when he has so much in his kit. However, it could be because he has so much he can do that he's so weak in all of it - he's spread too thin.   To maintain game balance, he can't be better at poking than dedicated pokers, and he can't be better at brawling than dedicated brawlers. This could be fine if his other utility abilities did more - but his shield doesn't last very long, his snare is loose at best and useless at worst, his block does nothing but reduce damage taken, and his ultimate can get forcibly canceled with ease. He can do so many things - but he just doesn't do any of them particularly well.  Also - what the hell's the point of an anti-air that can't hit aerial targets? I'm pretty sure *DEATH BLOSSOM* reaches higher!
Blizzard ruined the numbers so another kiriko situation wouldn't happen but in theory his kit is still overpowered. He is too weak to be playable normally but in the rare case that fits him he will be the hardest character in the game to play against
Anti-jump mechanic should've been similar to Sombra's hack in targeting, and that's extremely obvious. This is just pathetic as-is.
He’s not bad he’s just balanced and strong at the same time in the right hands he’s a monster but he’ll struggle alot from mirror matches and Echo seems like a strong neutral pick against him, also Rein has unblockable damage so I don’t understand the hypocrisy surrounding that
I'm actually happy that he seems a bit weak right now. I'd much rather him be a bit weak on release and then get some buffs based on actual play data than be far overtuned and then have to hope that he gets nerfed. It also feels to me like it's easier to buff slightly and not overdue it than to feel forced to nerf massively and then make the hero be someone that no one wants to play because they have been nuked into the ground.
They need to make vortex have a timed debuff that it inflicts. So if someone leaves it, like echo, it would prevent vertical movement for a second after they left it.
I feel like Nemesis form would be a lot better if they would add melee damage to the punches that actually connect the fist and not just the energy blast, that way you do extra damage to the ones close enough to actually hit with your fist.
I feel like they should definitely buff him a bit, longer uptime on his shield, more benefits in Nemesis form maybe, vortex should definitely be buffed to work how intended. There's clearly a lot that needs to be buffed.
um.. this is underwhelming 😭
I am sad now, I was actually hoping he was to shut this pharmercy....
As a long time Apex player who recently started playing Overwatch. I’m sadly no stranger to Devs hyping something up. Then being disappointed with the actual product. That was a tri-season occurrence in Apex. Sucks to see it’s not just that game.
I think that the only change they should make to ramattra is his nemesis for instead of making it time base make the block time base with benefits like doomfists but allow him to change forms willingly like old bastion
I just think his staff could've been so much cooler, I think it looks kinda shite ngl
Is his Vortex the most useless ability in the game?
I'm garbage at the game so this is just me thinking, but Sym ult seems like it could also mess up his ult 😭 this is prob for low elos
flats looks so disappointed, it’s making me sad..
I can't believe the column isn't "infinite" height.  If the goal is to ground people then you actually gotta reach 'em...
I'm still pissed the trident isn't his weapon with his Poseidon skin.
So he's meant to be strong against shields and aerial, but he's weak to both?
So his ult can be counter by rein shield than team hid behind him
the vortex sucking(or not in this case) works for me since i play a lot of pharah lol
He looks like if doom fist was reworked into a tank.
at first i thought he would be a good counter to hog. slowing down hog pretty much means locking him in place, ulting him means he's just going to melt. i know hog punishes hard up close. overall, i still agree. he's not meant for high elo. especially with the state of someone like zarya. he could scare a low elo zarya who treat that shield like god but but a high elo zarya could easily range him out. There's going to be some upsets for people who got comfortable with the zarya 750 strat but thats about it.
Oh this was really not as bad as i thought it was gonna be... I figured his shield would be just like sigmas, but its just significantly worse in every way
Genji blade you can't block REIN swing you can't block sooooooooo oOoOO and his pucnh does not go through zarya bubble
yeah i think that block is the worst part of his kit. not fun, not useful, takes up time on a form you are supposed to kick ass to be a dumbass, etc. i think overwatch design team is pretty good at creating heros to be fun so I am surprised to see such a incredibly shit part of his kit that was copied from doomfist but made worse. Awesome video by the way Flats
So rammatra is a Jack of all trades but a master of none
He seems to suffer from the jack of trades syndrome, good at all but master of none. They seemed to have not wanted him to outclass the other tanks in either play style out of fear of remattra replacing them, but as a result is quite underwhelming. The only thing really going for him is his flexibility, so maybe poke at reins and punch the sigs?idk. Also vortex looks like it might already need a buff lol. Haven’t played him obviously just my thoughts of why remattra might of ended up so lacking. Seems fun tho, just needs some number adjustments, assuming remattra doesn’t do a complete 360 and ends up stomping the meta for some reason.
And some people were losing it saying OP OMG before release.  Always gotta wait and see if it's actually good or not.
Most games sin of releasing extremely broken/pretty strong new characters so I thought Ramattra might be at least at the level of Sojourn but the stregnths are kind of underwhelming
To be honest, the fact that ram isn't that good on release could actually be a good thing. Very hypothetical, but could be a way for blizzard to acknowledge (and mitigate, to an extend) the backlashes regarding heroes being locked behind the battle pass, and hopefully that somewhat means they are at least reconsidering the system for future seasons.
I actually see this as a good move from blizzard, this is might be the first tank to ever released on an "underwhelming/ not that good" state, whereas every single ow hero released was broken in some state of their life, 2 weeks before comp, he gets a slight nerf a good buff and we are good to go, imagine if he's op, you would dominate everyone who didn't grind the bp or paid for it, that's actually a good sign.
Does he have secondary fire with staff?
Ramattra has high potential damage if he can put enemies where he wants not where they want he is like scorch from titanfall 2 if you can trap them and body block them then you can kill them easily. Ramattras big hitbox in nemesis form is good because he can block people in. So let’s say for example the enemy team is falling back to you put a vortex behind them to slow them down. That would bundle them up letting you catch up however there’s a corner so you position yourself to BLOCK them into the corner. That’s when his high potential damage comes in and he starts damaging everyone. Just think his nemesis form is perfect for opportunities to bundle the enemy team all up unlike other tanks that don’t have the power to bring the enemies all together. I think ramattra is perfectly balanced and blizzard did not make him horrible because his power comes in his positioning. His omnic form is a whole other thing though. Omnic form should be used to slowing push up and taking waiting it out until the enemies push you. Reason why they should push you is because ramattras omnic form deals a lot of headshot damage and you can deal 900 damage without reloading so you can easily kill a tank up close. Now you might think nemesis form is better but nemesis form should only be used for opportunities where you can bundle everyone up to deal high damage in one hit. If you don’t understand this is what I mean 1 enemy 60 damage 2 enemies 120 damage so on and you can do a max of 300 damage if the whole team is clumped up. That means you should only use nemesis form when you can bring enemies into a corner.
I think he... is ... meh... on paper it sound cool in real not so much. I think your block and e in nemesis form should extend your nemesis for and if you are in omnic form  probably your e and idk maybe if you get dmg your coldown on your shield reduce. Idk I just spit somethink. Idk he is midle. I dont like his visual but on other side dont hate it. Same with his kit. So I think he will end in midle like not good not bad because he get probably buff. Also it can help if his E block fly/dash abilyties. Or maybe last longer/have shorter coldown.
I’m a mercy Ana player and that looks like low threat to me lol
Still doesn't fix the fact actual gameplay content is behind a pay wall or making the game a job. Still a load of shit from blizzard.
Note for future hero releases: Whatever blizzard says the hero's good at: its the opposite
If it removed movement abilities it would actually be ok but as is it seems like the gravity well is another poke ability
Feels like he’s a worse Sigma who can transform into a worse Reinhardt. Maybe he’ll be strong as a Jack-of-all-trades tank who can be played with poke/spam comps and switching to brawl quickly.
Looking at his kit he seems fine imo as u states vortex isnt as op as it seemed so imo hes fine and shoudnt get any nerfs
This guys kit in form is almost like real life (lower rank) boxing from the blocking and punching and closing the gap kind of strat.
Make him op
High level he's probably poopoo but I imagine casuals are gonna have a field day because all they ever do is play objective. Calling it now, he curbstomps low ELO.
He’s actually way worse than I thought, thank goodness 💀 A shame his shield looks so bad and the vortex so short.
So.....Another one....Another hero that's just gonna sit there we got zarya dealt with it's not as bad and now we have this
Bet somebody going to make a meme outta of his ultimate logo. Looking like the Sharingqn
Justice for Mauga❤🖤  Im saying this because flats said ram is bad🤣🤣🤣 (jk lol) you know what nvm, this should have been mauga😂😂. Yes ik, the game needed expanaded lore and stuff like that, but what does the lore have to do with the gameplay unless its pve? In my honest opinion, he was let down for me just like when they announced him at the grand finals over mauga when EVERYBODY and their mama wanted mauga😂😂. They can always buff him, but kinda killed his release in my opinion. Mauga on the other hand, people could just look at him and tell he could have an impact. Idk, im having grand finals flash backs because i was furiously upset that night😂 so i apologize for my rambling, but.....DAMN this should have been mauga😢
I don't necessarily disagree with Flats but I don't think you can really do justice to the character until you get him in actual gameplay. I am relieved to see that he's not going to be as OP as everyone thought but I am bummed that his anti-Pharah/Echo ability is all but useless. I think the best use for it will be to throw it on the high ground in order to try and force Sojurn/Widow/Ash down to the lower level where they can't pick off heals and DPS. He's going to be a niche tank and probably nothing else. Blizzard labeled him as a "tempo" tank even though he has no speed boost type ability. I think they did that because he's meant to be played in more of a dive comp. He can get in the faces of the enemy team and push through blocks which is why his punch that penetrates shields is huge. It is unfortunate that a Winton shield renders his ultimate useless but the same can be said about so many other characters. A hook from Roadhog, a sleep dart from Anna, a rock throw from Sigma, or a spear from Orisa can do the same thing to many ults. I think Flats is correct in saying he will not be used much at all in Masters+ ranked matches but I think he will be used a lot in Bronze to Plat and while he will not be as good as many other tanks, there will be opportunities for him to shine until Blizzard eventually buffs him.
i only want this hero for anti air. theirs barely anyone who can deal with flyers and hitscan are to straight forward and boaring
whats the interaction between genjis deflect and their punches? what happens to his ult when he gets slept? does the dmg of the aoe continues?
they need to fix the vortex (no limit on vertical hitbox) and well the ult either cant be shut down with shields (make it go through) or needs to deal WAY WAY more dps.
No mobility, worst barrier in the game, useless snare except maybe in a choke/door, just decent at brawling and for limited time. Honestly doesnt even sound very fun, even if it was balanced by increasing numbers.
Can dva boost out of the vortex horizontally?
Bro was acting like that punching has bad range if you can use a gun at close range that punch is very forgiving in it's radius
still disappointed that his melee form is a cooldown and not a toggle get that that bring the issue of that he gains health when he goes into melee form but still it would be really cool to have an actual shapeshift/multiple forms character
i really thought vortex would reach sky barrier and be more slow than sojourn at LEAST. he just seems so underwhelming to me.
Actually seeing his abilities like this he seems a lot less impressive than they made him seem. His design is cool at least
i think the vortex effect should linger on enemies for a small amount of time after they leave the radius (maybe half a second)
Here's how I see Ramattra being played effectively. You use the shield in front of you at quite a distance. Poke with your staff as you move in towards it, and then after you've weaken enemies and have made ground go into nemesis and throw the slow at the enemies and then punish the weak that you have already damaged before getting in close
Is it wrong i am kinda happy he is not broken on reelase buffing heros are batter then crying of them being broken
its like hes trying to be a jack of all trades tank but just does so poorly its better to just play a character whos more poke efficient like sigma or better in brawl which would be rein. they took the poke of sigma, brawl of rein, and the weakness of doom and he does it all somewhat worse. but hopefully the devs see this and buff him somwhat instead of just nerfing junkrat more
Does his anti flyer attack pull lucio down?
I could feel the weight of the disappointment in your voice. Feels like such a slap in the face from blizzard.  His Nemesis form is such a joke, essentially wasting an ability slot to modify his attack and defense from weak to weaker AND expanding his hitbox to take more damage. Absolutely terrible.
I won’t lie the trailers for him made him seem absolutely broken. But seeing this he’s  relatively balanced as far as new heros go
super underwhelming
I might just think this because I'm Low elo, but his punch form seems really good despite the downsides, because it's not like you're gonna walk up to the fight with nemesis activated, you're gonna poke and then when you're in the middle of a fight you're gonna pop it and probably shred, and although you can block his ult with a good bubble or shield, the ram can always wait for the bubble to go away and then ult, and when they bubble again just call to pop it
that is disappointing as most people wanted him to be that intense brawler when in tank form. would be cool if the block charged him so his next nemesis change is stronger... which would be fitting for something called nemesis.
Dear god Have we hit an era where the new characters need buffs before nerfs (lmao blizzard heard us say he sounded OP and said yeeeeaaahhhh no….)
This is definitely unique though not as overpowered as hyped up
I love how i haven’t seen you guys for like 2 years and you changed your name and look like this 😂
I thought the brawl form would be freely toggle-able, and infinite duration. That would at least make his block less of a feels-bad moment
New Doomfist is fucking terrifying, much more than this guy
Gave him the most broken abilities then just ruined it by making it all last 0.01 second
Thank god he’s not op, would rather new releases be somewhat bad otherwise we just get multiple sojourns.
So Ramatra is really only a tank for 8 seconds. Cool. Glad he isn't overturned. Maybe he needs some tweaking but it's better to need to tweak numbers rather than him just be super OP to the point you're throwing if you don't pick him.
this is like the first time ever blizzard will release a hero that isn't unbelievably broken
11:27 Not a fan of unblockable damage.....you play Reinhardt bro
Ramattra killing training bots is a lil ironic
It's like they wanted to give him a bunch of ability concepts that would be really unique, but then got scared when it came to damage and durations because they realized his tech would be really powerful at base.
TLDR: Blizz developers aren’t good at Overwatch and probably couldn’t handle Ramattra’s kit as is.  This is pretty unfortunate. I think Ramattra suffers from something that plagues a lot of games. The developers suck at the game. His vortex is a perfect example. Most good Pharah’s, even as low as plat and maybe some gold, can play much higher than his vortex can reach. The people who play Pharah that work in the Blizzard offices probably can’t keep their height above his vortex’s pull, so they were used as the baseline when they realistically are probably a pretty terrible baseline. I’m not knocking them for not being good, but if you design overwatch from a silver’s perspective, the game is going to have really awful balance and characters are going to be wildly powerful in random areas.
Honestly his niche seems pretty cool, but his kit seems terrible. Vortex isn’t really threatening, most heros can escape it easily, and honestly it’s kinda underwhelming. It would probably be better for it to be like a mini Sigma alt: no jumping and no movement abilities but right now Vortex isn’t good. Nemesis form is a cool concept though and punches being able to damage shields and the heros inside them is really good but I also feel like the range should be bigger.
He seems less like a tank and just a DPS that's has two versions of his ult
I really liked the concept of Ramattra. But as you said, it's not what we thought. He really needs buffs to even become picked instead of a "new hero release" pick. Like his reveal and teaser, looked like a boss weapon when you fight the boss; then he releases, he's the boss weapon when you unlock it.
Yeah he seems bad. I'm disappointed 😞
Tbh if they made nemesis form permanent with the "switch ability" on 8-12 second cool down, it would make a big difference. Increase the dmg on punches a little bit, maybe. Buff to vortex so it actually does what it is supposed to do. Then I think he would be reasonable, hopefully not OP
Can't wait for the potgs of pharmercys getting pulled off the map
Wasn't pumped with ramatra in the first place...cool concept I guess
What a shame expected him to be stronger.
I think they should increase his punch speed and greatly increase his punch range. Plus itd be cool if up close his punches could heavily knock back enemies or at least stun them
Vortex should have an infinite height with either a much stronger slow or it's effect should have a 2 second falloff when leaving the field. Punch should have double the range and maybe have a damage falloff each time it passes through a shield. His ult if shielded should continue duration pulling from the shield instead of those behind it thus forcing them to fight or retreat.
Ram will take alot of skill to play effectively. Which IS good, def not a noob character.
I never thought he'd be strong. On paper, ig he seemed he would be but I just felt like he wouldn't, that his abilities wouldn't synergize perfectly
Damn I was wanting to see what that vortex did to the monkey jump and bap jump , and that ult against hog will never end
Funny how the new support and dps are the only meta picks and the two new tanks are bad
Honestly I thought ramattra was going to be solid but his shield only lasting 4 seconds is a joke. Should be able to keep it up till it breaks
May hate me for this but I think he needs a buff
he seems fun though, just tuning :)
Make his defensive thing charge his punches to punch like 30% faster
A very minor thing to praise, but I love how heavy his footsteps sound. He gives off the most boss battle energy of any hero ever
I think Nemesis should last forever with a cooldown between switches of 5 seconds. Because Nemesis is kind of dog poo compared to tanks that can tank forever.   At least they should try it as a mid season patch before deciding where to go. I’ve seen gameplay and I’m not impressed with him
And they nerfed him before release too lol
Me imagining that his E would touch the skybox got me very disappointed.
I feel like for Rammatra it’s a matter of wether or not being a jack-of-all-trades ends up being a good enough benefit.  Sure rein is better at melee and sigma is better at poke, but neither of them have both. This is the one thing I can imagine Rammatra has to his advantage (if it is actually good that is).
Sooooo.... mercy pocket is gonna carry lol imagine his sh*t while hes amped lol
this just made me sad
Bro I’m so sad, he looks really easily exploitable
I’d love to know what Flats thinks is the worst tank and why it’s Junker Queen
Thats pretty disappointing. I think I will try him for a few games on QP, but he definitely does not look as good in your test as he did in the gameplay previews
His punch form and ult seems to beg for a sleep/antiheal/hook, his only worth to my metal rank eye is as a counter to a bad Winston or Genji (pull a barrier and remove his source of healing then poke him to death, or punch him to death and prevent him for leaving with your grounding AOE), a misplacement of his barrier means he is useless in his first form (450HP with his size is nothing).   All of his offensive power come from his punch and they are not impressive. He look like a back line guardian like Brigitte, but is he does that, who is going to be the front line ? I don't know what to do with him that I wouldn't do better with Sigma.
An interesting idea would be to increase vortex height and as for things like sojourn slide and echo roll, it could do 50 instant dmg when characters activate their movement abilities inside it
Maybe his vortex could slam people against the ground, and depending on how high they are, the more damage and slow they receive. Also make the cylinder higher.   1. Slam deals 10-50 damage based on height. 10 is measly, but makes it a bit stronger combined with the DoT. 50 might actually be too high.. But regardless, the idea is that if you’re caught from high in sky, you’re punished, and Rammatra is rewarded. However, if adding damage for punishment/reward.. uh.. “incentive,” we could instead just go with- 2. Slamming would be a debuff that occurs when pulling someone from a high enough height, and would severely slow the target (50%?) and prevent them from using mobility abilities, similar to Zarya’s Grav.   And finally, 3. Make the cylinder just hit the skybox. It seems effective only in decently uncommon circumstances. It does low damage and is easily escapable. It’s also a projectile, which means it takes a bit of time to have an effect, so, all the cons factored in, I think it should at least grab ANYONE who happens to be above it in unobstructed LoS.  Idk. Just wanted to throw out ideas for funsies. 😙❤️
About time, thanks Flats
This is reassuring honestly. I reckon we’ll figure out a good niche for him though. Still instalocking him day 1
Unlike some people, I actually knew Ramattra wouldn't be overpowered
I feel like they made his kit while still thinking of the Overwatch meta of shields upon shields. This might have maybe worked. But this.... makes me glad I changed from Free-to-play.
looks incredibly... Whelming
a bit disappointing to be honest, just seems like a combo between sigma and doomfist to me. hes not all bad but not exactly what overwatch needed for the tank role. i dont know why they keep making squishy tank heroes
I honestly can not wait to hack some Rammatras on patch day. Some insult to injury.
b lah blah b lah science science science bigger
Least you know aimbot will be easy to see with that one
turn the “block” into a standard-melee-range grab that can cc the enemy. ramattra can then slowly drag the enemy with him and although ramattra can do no damage, the hostage and ramattra both receive the damage done to ramattra
I thought when I saw the trailer that you could switch between the two forms whenever you'd want with no cool down. I feel like that'd help him, maybe. Just instead of giving temp HP on entering it just transfer all his current HP to armor? (30% damage reduction)
Thank you for the early analysis! I was excited for Ramattra, to be able to limit movement and survivability. But the cooldowns are so high and the shield lasts very short and anyone can get out of the vortex. Lol when they don't hype heroes are when they are overpowered (sojourn), but when blizzard does hype a hero is when it becomes unusable
Idk I think you’re underestimating him, nonetheless we shall see
Rammatra looks like fun to play but as a hog player my first thought after learning his kit was that he would get demolished by roadhog. Usually when a new character is released they are OP for a while and then get tuned down. Definitely worried rammatra will be a weak choice for a long time if they don't buff him somehow.
Hmm, so you're telling me Blizzard released something without actually testing it beforehand ? I'm baffled.
I agree as he is now you have to play him passive and use his punch form when the enemy gets closed to you instead of engaging with it
this is SAD! I was very much hoping for a new great tank
It broke my heart to see Sojourn just slide out of the vortex. Ramattra will be meh, but hopefully some junkerqueen buffs will make her good, then we can play Ramattra next season when he gets buffed.
It's one thing to see a character in an isolated environment and another to see then in conjunction with 4 other characters. I'm glad he doesn't seem busted (auto win), but I'm reserving judgement to say he's "weak" until he's better understood and figured out by many pros and the community through plenty gameplay.
Why don’t they just add Flats to the Balance and Hero Design Team already
WHARE IS THE HEADSHOT SOUND... this is triggering me omg
Somehow Sojourn (a DPS) has a stronger area denial/slowing ability than Ramattra (a tank)  Work that one out.
I can't help but think that standard form is just OW1 Orisa. Slow projectile, CC that pulls people, set-and-forget style barrier. The only thing he doesn't have is fortify, which he can sort of get by changing form.
ngl, he doesnt look at good as I initially thought, but he still looks cool as fuck so im still gonna main him.
People are usually overreactive whenever a video game add something new so im not surprised that He's not OP. Well it was obvious from his gameplay reveal if you think about it
yea he sucks
So what you're saying is Ramattra is the first 'Pay to Lose" hero in ow2
It doesn't look like anything stops him from being CC.  For example he's big and slow moving for a hook or sleep.  But maybe the ult keeps going through sleep and hook?
I think he is going to be good for flexibility. The ability to switch between a mediocre poke or a mediocre brawl tank is still very strong. He has so many options that he can use that he can adjust play style to counter the enemy.
Damn I was thinking he’d be OP but uh.. I think he needs a buff LMAO
this is so sad i was so hyped for him
This is the hero everyone thought would be busted? Lol guess next time they should wait for it to come out instead of being mindless sheep
I mean They will sure give him a little tweaks before the official update, which will not do much, this tank seems to be like, this tank is gonna be played by people who look at their opponents playing style and adapt to that I guess with Ramattra, since in his Omnic form his hitbox isn't that big, some close to Bastion I will put It, and his "poking" can really hurt almost every Damage and Healer in the game, if You can really hit your shots, now the Nemesis form, this just seems like the Orisa bonus "healtboost" ability, sry forgot what It's called, that could be used only if Damages and Healers alone are sworming You, but You gotta really hit your shots for It to work or to do enough damage to help your team in anyway that way, his Shield deployedment ability looks more like a quick triggering move, to make your opponents focus more on a spot You are not actually going to use anyway, the Block is just to survive for long enough to make time for Your Damage dealers to kill their Damage dealers, which kinda kills the meaning of a Tank unit, and his Ultimate ability "Annihalation", (sorry I'm  not from English speaking country), You use It and You chase Damage and Healers meanwhile maybe "try" to poke their Tank with your "Pummel", which again is not your work as a Tank. I'm gonna say It, if They just give him 300HP, as They did with Bastion, He would be a exelent Damage dealer, or atleast one of the better ones, as a Tank, He just doesn't have enough going for him to make him valueable in that category. Now, I loved this "breakdown", It was clear and understantable, even for someone who only has 46 hours on OW2 and not played the original OW. So have a great rest of your day, great Holidays and I'll... SeeYaLater
is lucio outhealing his ult?
Bruh... that ultimate lasting for as long as people are alive would make Total Mayhem an absolute nightmare. Rama getting pumped constant heals as he stays in cart, never going to get out of his ultimate until he dies or steps far away from the enemy. I think he'll only be insane for that mode.
I am curious can you throw the E in the air to hit?
I'm so confused why anyone would ever want to cancel the ult, that just seems so confusing to me.
Soooo he’s not crazy op and everyone freaked out for nothing
Blizzard actually listened and didn’t want the game to feel pay to win?!?!?!
He is just a Rein but cooldown is swing hammer and raise shield, instead of fire strike.
He looked absolutely busted but it's nice to see that he is going to be meta but not ridiculous broken and is definitely more of a brawl hero. I think we will a rise in Brig and Lucio to complement his upclose playstyle.
would he do seperate instances of damage going into and leaving the winston shield?
Well at least doom now has some competition for worst tank on the roster
If his Halloween skin isn’t Dr. Jekyl and Mr. Hyde I am going to be very disappointed.
I like how balanced and high skilled he seems. I think the only issue he has is his vortex. It should definitely reach much higher to stop phara and mercy, and should either last longer, have a stronger slow, or disable movement abilities like Zarya.
I'd rather have him be a little weak than have another Sojourn situation tbh
Hope he gets a buff. Maybe for the vortex it locks the hero's abilities until they move out of it?
combination of sym , doom , sigma , moira with head shott
Seems like he's a worse sigma + worse Reinhardt lmfao - I guess they were worried if he was OP people would flame Blizzard for P2W? But I don't see how his Nemesis form needs to have 50% up time. With these numbers I feel like he could have maybe a 2s cooldown and be able to on the fly switch back and fourth like hammond except maybe a little slower?
Seems pretty underwhelming from what trailers put out
pfft you didn't even mention he's a tempo-tank at all! You gotta use the buzzwords 0/10 unsubscribed
Thanks for the early access !
He doesn't seem to have that much survivability tbh
He seems pretty good, but his ult. Isn’t he meant to counter shields?
i thought one of their main justifications for monetizing heroes is that we wouldn't have heroes countering each other, so it wouldn't be pay to win to lock heroes behind a pay wall... and then the 2nd hero they release counters flying heroes?
1440p :O
I was excited and still am but definitely not as much for ramattra... However looking right now he's not gonna be as half good as hog, zaria and other tanks... His vortex that was supposed to take care of echo, phara mercy... It's bad... I mean the range is just small, if someone plays decently the will easily avoid it, his range in nemesis is a bit too short I think... It could be better at the cost of fall of damage, so I would so no range limit for dmg fall off would be better than what it is now... His ult is really easy to counter, it's just bad and I think the best point about him is being able to stay alive if you have healers that dont do dmg... I hope he will get changed, I will test him myself and see but I think there should be changes to his vortex and ult, I think those are... The most usless/not usefull enough abilites
He seems fun, not too complicated, not too basic, plus he doesn't seem to crazy so a nerf probably won't be nesessary.
16:10 I now know they meant tempo/timing tank, not temporary  And it's funny that Stylosa titled his video "Ramattra has the most broken abilities"
His ult will be a spawn camp nightmare
What they created Tank that's balanced but is too balanced that it's almost bad? Why does the balance team either create a menace or a doomfist
If is not op maybe other heroes that were not the best are going to shine
I think when paired with a spicy dps and a proper support garnish, the tempo tank could make for a good dish in a bronze restaurant
does the block block CC?
I smell some battle passes not being purchased 😂
Bros a tank himself
I love ramattra but he needs a support duo of kiriko and lucio which may sound a little bit too redundant
why not just disable the movement abilities???? they already have it coded for zarya ult
So I don’t even play Winston I usually only play him if my team says we need one and I feel like I do okay. But like I had no like literally no idea (4 month player) but like I think 20 minutes on Winston max? I did not know it had a timer I thought all shield just went down until it had no hp or if someone spawned it somewhere else. Damn tbh I usually f1 abilities if I’m unfamiliar and I think I must of missed that. I usually just read what they are and a lil bit of what they do. I need to start reading everything and analyzing too. 😮
so can i sue them for false advertising?!
in this actual state nothing more than a iron-gold tank maximum
I don't think it's even a numbers problem, his kit just has too many fundamental problems. His vortex should ground (stop heroes from using movement abilities just like Grav) and put a hard limit on vertical momentum, + it should have a way taller hitbox. He should still be able to attack during his block, just change it into a cooldown with a (2?) sec duration (doesn't he have 4 arms in this form?), his ultimate is problematic like Flats mentioned, it just makes him a noob pick - walk into the enemy team and win in low elo, completely useless in high elo. The duration should be extended and the range should be shorter and it should pierce barriers. I think he should be able to out-brawl a Rein if he pops ult, it doesn't make any sense otherwise.
Why did they have to make such cool ability concepts, but implement these diet coke versions of them out of fear of being too strong.
i think Ramatra would've been fine in 6 person matchmaking with 2 tank teams... for 5 person teams with single tank - seems like he will be steamrolled... might be different for arcades and open role q
Looks like I’m a lucio main another day
Almost as if trailers are made to highlight the powerful aspects of the character as a marketing tool Not saying it would have necessarilly been fine, look at Brig and Sigma launch, right? But yeah
I called it lol
I TOLD YOU ALL NOBODY BELIEVED ME I SAID ON PAPER HE SOUNDS GREAT BUT HES ACTUALLY ASS IN GAMEPLAY YOU ALL TRASH TALKED ME BUT I WAS RIGHT HAHAHA.
he looks very fun but i cant help but feel like most of his abilities are recycled, like flats mentioned that his pull down is basically sojourns slow, and his block / primary fire feels like orisa, a transform ability like bastion. the punches and ult seem kinda nuts though
Maybe it should be a "root" ability for the ring AOE, so it disables any movement based abilities.
Stop saying tempo tank, the overwatch team is using it in a completely different way. It was in the article you read, it's not "to control the tempo of the fight" , it's to be a temporary tank.
They should make the block add back cooldown time to brawl mode, and they should either make the shield permanent, or double it’s health. Then make the slowing pillar better, also why would you have to reload a ducking staff?
I feel like Blizzard decided to take the safe route when designing his second form as they switched bastions turret mode from a swap to limited time, however I believe his second form to be too short for having the downside of having no shield in that form and having to be 11 metres away from your enemies. compared to all other shield tanks his shield feels lacking. its 4 second uptime followed by 11 seconds has the longest cooldown after winston's shield, which has double the uptime and higher usefulness. I also believe ramattra's blocking wields no real purpose, except taking away team protection in his brawl mode. Maybe his form switch could be a perma switch until switching back, but having a higher cooldown and his punches damage being reduced by shields, but having better range would be viable. Also I did not notice whether his punches are hitscan or not(not that it matters on the current range) but giving them slight travel time when increasing punch range could be okay.
I think a good change for his kit would be remove the 8 second timer off his nemesis form and make it a situational thing like he can swap in and out ever 8 second like Hammond ball would definitely make his block way better I think and his vortex i dunno maybe double its size I feel like this would make him better overall
lol very underwhelming. they fucked up if they think people will pay for that.....
At least he’s not broken like everyone said he was going to be
I always thought that his nemesis form would be like old bastion, an actual transform, but it being on an 8 second cooldown seems kinda sad. Maybe its more balanced, idk, but nemesis form doesn't even seem that good to warrant being on a cooldown. I was hoping it could be similar reinhardt, switching between swinging and shielding, with Ramattra switching between poke and brawl seemlessly.
Why do people in the comments seem to equate "bad" with "balanced?"  Sym getting a rework to teleporter is balance. Sym getting a damage nerf when she was already low is bad.
Definitely a low elo destroyer. Blizz at least needs to buff the vortex.
its quite disappointing i really was excited to have a real phara counter tank very sad to see hes probably gonna pretty bad really thought he was gonna take us out of hog meta im a hog player and i think its boring as fuck like 75% of matches goes hog v hog and its not fun to play
Ah so what ya saying is I can use him to hard burn plats and golds noted
Well, i think he's pretty shit sadly. I imagined him being a strong tank but his kit is so lacking i dont understand how they thought it could work in an actual match
I feel like the ability to poke and punch is great... if there wasn't a CD on switching forms. If you could choose when to be an inferior sigma/rein on demand I could see him being good. Rest of the abilities just look deliberately weak numbers wise.
I really think this is fine.. Remember cc the game ? Broken brig Lucio mei etc etc.. ya I'm okay.. Dev team said they should do updates 2weeks after the release starting season 2..  I think give it some time.. people will have broken down the character. How to better use his kit
Did you consider the fact that he’s a “tempo” tank
Went from Holy shit he's going to be broken To Holy shit he's going to suck
Disappointing, I thought he would atleast be able to stay in nemesis. He kinda feels like the old Orisa having mediocre versions of other peoples abilities while having 1 or two gimmicks that dont hold up
I didn’t think Overwatch could disappoint me anymore after all the bs they’ve put us through, and yet they still managed to do it. On paper, Ramattra was looking to be my new main easily, he just looked insane. But now, his trailer just seems like propaganda, and in practice, he looks seriously weak. There is nothing impressive about what he can offer to higher elos, which is just sad because he looked like the coolest hero on the planet for a while. Feels so very bad.
they just never stop recycling, not really many new ideas from blizzard so far lmao.
Blizzard needs to replace sigmas E ability with a 1 person version of his ult that casts like brigs heal. you look at a flyer, press E, and he slams them to the ground. put it on an 8 second cooldown. there game fixed
He's a lot less op than they showed him to be
I miss the old flats that says he has a goodie for me today
can he punch trough zarya bubble? like dealing damage to her?
"Not a fan of unblockable damage" mains Rein with a hammer you cant block. I love you flats i just think its funny keep up the good work
Of course when it's the tank's turn we don't get a single good hero on release. DPS They get the most busted thing ever called Sojourn Tank? We get the worst Tankfist, a JunkerShit, and now Rammattrass  Amazing balancing
It's so weird getting the bubble popped finally with Ramattra because a lot of us thought he was going to be crazy good or at least somewhat decent pick but it seems like he is just not great for what he offers when there's another tank who can fulfill what he was supposed to be I'm sure he will be a lot of fun but man it's disappointing
Welp, Guess I don't have the need to get him on day 1. Saves money tho
So he’s either gonna get needed/buffed hard or he’s gonna be jq. Great
I can say i am happy with ... kinda how normal Ramattra is ! Rein is still true tanker as my pov 💯❤🤟
What the fuck is the point of the snare if they go above it’s hit range?!
The shield interaction among other things made me change opinion. From a character that made me have genuine terror to laughing as it was some sort of bad joke. Guess we'll see if a new comp develops or this characters just makes a speed run to a rework
i think if they made it so his block increases brawler form tiime he would be better but idk im bronze xD
Rammatra is good If he is getting pocket healed but overall he is pretty fun
After weeks of people crying about pay to win him possibly being kinda meh is hilarious
Vortex feels like such a weirdly underwhelming ability, it seems so situational and even not that good in its niche (anti-air) that it'll just be another cluttering slow & DoT field to throw at the objective any time it's off CD
I’m really happy he doesn’t seem overtuned. He actually looks pretty balanced and very high skilled. Gives back some hope that the devs hopefully won’t ruin this game releasing obnoxiously OP low skill heroes like they did in the first game.
Can Rammatra pull a pharah down to the ground when she is ulting?
It's actually mind blowing that his AoE pull down ability thingy doesn't have infinite vertical range. Honestly, I think that it should just silence the ability to use any movement ability at all while standing in it. Then he would be good.
From watching the video, I think nemesis form should be like old Bastion sentry mode that you can freely switch between your normal form and nemesis form whenever without a cooldown. It would be interesting to see how this change would affect his gameplay.
Due to the new payment model this early access video is pretty much an advertisement for Blizzard's new hero 😅
Maybe he will be good at low elos, but for that happen people will have to buy the battle pass lol
So his nemesis form is just like a slightly worse genji ult?
I love a to-the-point thumbnail
10:33 is that Coruscant in the sky?
At least he looks to be better than doomfist, that's a win for me
I think he would be better as a stance switcher, having nemesis form have no cooldown and replacing vortex in one of his forms with a new ability would better imo. Obviously more tweaks would have to be made, but it would fit much better. Also how did they put a height limit on the ability meant to bring flying characters to the ground?
Am I crazy for hearing 'tempo tank' and then expecting him to be able to freely swap between staff and fists like Lucio Speed/Heal ??? Imagine Lucio with  a cooldown between speed and heal, that's just disgusting (8 seconds no less)
The fact he has to remind himself to mention subscribing just feels so- genuine. I find it funny, actually.
It definitely feels like this is another reason to play Kiriko+Lucio to help get him into the enemy team.
Im so mad he weak. An his ult is trash a sheild stops it so ez. Ya ill just play my main hog and dva.
Hopefully get a lil buff/small rework before he comes out
wait, does his punch destroy winston bubbles faster since it technically hits it twice? once on either side as it goes through? or is still just counted as one hit of damage?
WHAT ABOUT THE SYM BUFFS
I think if he's too weak maybe vortex should root.
I guess you can just play him on an alt account
To me it seems that vortex is just a worse version of the old orisa halt
They should made her E in a way that didn't allow enemy players to dash in that range for X amount of time or like a grenade from Ana. He also feels weak by having such an easy way to cancel his ult (they could have made it so it worked like Winston's ult and done. After watching this video, my final opinion on the hero is that it sucks and I would only play it to have fun sometimes with a different playstyle (attacking with fists)
OW is not fun going on other game it's at its worse ever Thanks Bobby
he also has 450 health with no armor..
kinda depressing towards the end there man 😂
WAT HES NOT OP
Improvements I think he needs from my impression of your impression:  - His shield is so brief that I think it should be like 25% larger, split evenly to either side and maybe curved slightly? - His punches are cool, and I think their range is designed to be the radius of Winston's bubble, but for such a short up time on that ability, that ALSO has other abilities, I feel like increasing the range, decreasing the fire rate wouldn't hurt - His "Hulking" form should function similarly to his ult where you can keep its up time based on your effective use of his abilities. That way, those abilities can afford to be a tiny bit weaker. Although I am disgusted by his block, why does his block (and DF block for that matter) not block the total incoming damage? I mean I guess for DF you want to incentivize opponents to shoot you so you can charge your gauntlet but charging your gauntlet fully should heal the damage that you've taken from it so it's actually rewarding. For Ramattra, his block does nothing. Maybe blocking damage should be the thing that could maintain up time of his hulk form? That way the 50% reduction is worth it, and opponents are incentivized not to shoot you? I dunno - I'm fine with shields blocking his ult but I think if they do, his ult should "focus" on them and concentrate damage onto the shields. If he pops ult and you shield him, his ult should rapidly eat through shields but not contribute to up time. - His vortex should definitely have a greater height (like seriously double) and the slowed targets should just have movement abilities cancelled tbh. The radius of its effective area isn't really THAT big, and it doesn't last very long so it's not like it's hard to walk out of it. Could even chip a little off speed-decrease and radius if it's too strong.   He's a tank, the unofficial team lead, and if his kit is about forcing enemy pathing, he should force enemy pathing. Seems like Blizzard are afraid to make an impactful character, then when they do, they can't see it. They must not understand what it is that makes a character impactful.
it is actually comforting to know that blizzard devs know how to hold back on making Rammatra the most op mfer in the entire world. I still think he'll be a really strong new hero, since im low elo, but definitely fun.
I feel like Ramattra was really powerful behind the scenes but they saw how people were reacting to Sojourn being a powerful new hero and nerfed everything. It just feels like all of his abilities should be that little bit stronger. The only other change I would make outside of straight number buffs would be to have a lingering effect to the CC vortex to stop mobile characters (the thing it was meant to counter) being able to use their burst mobility to instantly negate it. In this form it hurts non-mobile characters WAY more.
Maybe you would want to stop your ultimate so you can pull a barrier? Idk
if you ping the bot you can get an accurate range of where youre standing
Damn, Ramattra was going to be the only reason as to why I wanna buy the battle pass and play him early. Looking at his gameplay now, he looks really meh at best. I think I'll just save my money and grind him through the battle pass for free.  What a shame, I had high hopes for him and even thought of maining him. Welp ¯⁠\⁠_⁠(⁠ツ⁠)⁠_⁠/⁠¯
seems like damage you cant block is the only thing this character has at all, feels like they got spooked into making this character really weak right before release and honestly its pretty disappointing
Saw what he does, my personal opinions are…this character looks cool. But kinda fucking sucks no lie? This ain’t what we asked for but uhhh  I’ll take it if I can play rein 🤣
Flats: i ll give you a breakdown before saying what i think about the hero Thumbnail: he s bad
You Can cancel the ultimate beacos thats the cancel for the Némésis forme
Hmm so a hero that may possibly get deemed as useless and not viable, sounds like the perfect hero to main and get good with just to piss people off
Another new hero is going to make this look ridiculous?
Thx for the vid. Sadge he isn't gonna b good
not surprised WHATSOEVER that people overrated the fuck out of him. it was clear as day.
What I think might be the intention for Ramattra's vortex is largely going to be prediction-based. A PhaMercy is typically high up, yes, but should Mercy be run in any other instance (and lets face it, the Devs in the upper ranks are few and far between) the intention may be to catch Mercy as she's using GA to zip around between team mates, as not everyone would be up in the air. A very unlikely scenario, but that's the only way I could see such a short height on that ability having any real value. Catching people off of cooldowns when they don't have their mobility options and the stray "straggler Mercy", basically is what it seems like it may get limited to in terms of use.  The slowdown can help a bit, perhaps with a Widow on the backline to line up shots a little easier -- but it doesn't seem to be as strong of a slowdown as it was in the video, so it'd require a touch of coordination to take advantage of the small slowdown window it could provide.  Additionally: They need to remove the ult cancel ability. It makes no sense outside of "BE CAREFUL WHEN USING THIS CHARACTERS ULT PLZ".  tl;dr: Looks fun to play. Something something, opinions are opinions, these thoughts are my own, etc etc. I genuinely could not help but try to also determine how to best use the Vortex. It seems like it's not quite capable of doing what it was marketed to do, so it's a little bit of a head scratcher.
I was really excited more by the character design and lore depth, a little overwhelmed by the verbal explanations for what his kit does. But seeing it laid out here, this doesn't feel really like a complex power-creep people were joking about either. Disappointed the vortex isn't as marketed, especially since in my games with friends we joke "op, they went pharah ggs" because we never seem to know how to coordinate to take her down, and having a tank that might be able to assist in that made me hopeful.
He looks really shit
I feel like based off of this video it’ll really just have to be seen for a while before we’ll know how he’ll turn out. Everything about his kit is giving me the vibe that he’ll seem kinda mid until somebody cracks the code and figures out how to really get some use out of him. To me, he seems like a tank who’ll really excel at attacking/defending choke points, especially with his vortex and his ult - on maps like King’s Row or Eichenwalde I feel like you’ll have to prioritize baiting out the vortex before pushing through, especially since his barrier or his guard can make it really hard to apply enough pressure to break through.  Can’t wait for Kiriko Ramattra to become meta so we can all experience the misery of their combined ults lol
Goddamnit. I had so much hope that he would finally end the hog meta
I thought the whole point of Ramattra was that he could play in both forms as he saw fit, effectively giving you two major kits to choose from to respond to the moment. The actual version looks pretty underwhelming.
the L looks real here
I think the snare should make it like zaryas ult where it won’t let you use movement abilities to get out
I have a terrifying feeling that this is gonna become the aatrox of overwatch. He isn't gonna be good from the start then get over tuned and wont be shut down for awhile.
He’s gonna be top tier in plat and below and trash in anything higher. What a bummer…  Sidenote: I think the community is still sleeping on Sigma ever since ow2 came out. The hero is so powerful in comp yet barley gets played
One thing that I've learned over the past couple of years is the OW teams marketing for new heroes is always a bait or the opposite of what they think the hero should be. Which in mind, does not mean a lot but I think going forward they need to stop baiting the players in calling the new heroes "tempo tanks" or whatever since there is no way they can know most of the player base will actually play them. Part of me also wonders if their marketing terms affect the design choice of each hero. Might be niche but you never know with team 4 now a days
K so he looks meh in high elo but low elo he'll be ace
if hes not meta thats good for the people who wont have him but lame that he might not be a good pick
So does this means the BP this season is gonna flop and maybe they'll take heroes out of it? Because I mean...If you don't like or think the new tank is worth even playing and if you don't play JQ is it REALLY even worth the $10 anymore? I think a lot of people only bought the this last one because Kiriko was not only a cool character but had a great cinematic and is actually top tier. Releasing a subpar at best tank and then a skin for another tank we have no idea will even be good after the buffs means a lot of people probably won't be as interested. I know I only bought the last one for Kiriko also because I'm a support main (Still very new player though) the genji skin was a bonus although not really. Considering they just nerf genji lmao...The top tier reward for the BP is then nerfed to the point no one wants to play them anyway. Makes sense. Make you spend money and then make your item even more worthless beyond the pixels themselves.
They should make that vortex cancel movement abilities until you are out of the field. They should just let you stay in whichever form you want with a CD to switch. Maybe absorbing dmg with his block gives him movement speed or something and it should absorb like 95% of incoming dmg.
Does your shield stay up if you change into nemesis?
Can he get stunned while blocking like getting hooked or speared out of his block when he's in his nemesis form
Does vortex prevent Winston from leaping out?
Welp I’ve been hoping for a rein buff and I guess I’ll be wanting a Ramattra buff too before he’s even released
i think he needs a buff and his pull down needs to make most shift moves noT usable as well as give it another 10m height ;)
Yeah, ever since the gameplay was revealed I have held the opinion that he doesnt seem that crazy, and I honestly thought that he would get carried by his ult but even that seems pretty meh.
Man even as a lower elo player, he just doesn't even seem that fun to play. I hope he gets some changes because this may be the last tank we get for a long time
If Blizzard give him the Torb treatment he'll eventually become OP, but right now he's just Junker Queen 2.0
Pharah could also use concussive blast to get out of the snare, I would assume.
It's really night and day when compared to the trailer for sure with things such as the the range of his punches and vortex. He already looked like an interesting tank to try out with what he brings to the table but we'll see once he's in live what people can pull off.
i think the block should stop the timer on the form so it'd be a great push ability
Sad
He looks so underwhelming and honestly boring to play. The fact you essentially only play as a tank for 8 seconds and you spend the rest of your time playing subpar poke is boring to me. I was excited for a big brawly tank that can get in people's faces the way Rein does and instead he's pretty subpar.
Ngl, I've been saying in my head he wasn't going to be that bad. If anything they can nerf nemesis form as that is the best part of him, and they can just nerf the cool down as it is an ability
i really hope that rummatra is bad as flats saying =_=
He might be average, but he will hard counter my most favorite to play hero, not main since she is already low tier, Brigitte.   30% health lost and 25%~ shield lost by a single punch.
Cant wait for flats to re-discover his abilities for the 5th time, act surprised, and then forget what a 'tempo tank' is
I don't like his concept unfortunately:(. They should focus on making everyone 5v5 worthy first
Being in overwatch 1 sense season 4 heres my thought on him. Honestly any damage threw shields is still better then no damage, other then that pretty interesting champ. He'll prob be buffed, then removed and brought back a few times smh was hoping for something more broken
now this is really disappointing.. He seems really fun but weak like junker queen :/sad
I think if Shield had 1.5 second more and 2nd form punch had 15 meters reach, with better height and neutralizing abilities on the E, he would be good
Wow very cool very nice thank you flats
The anti air move not being able to catch aerial characters is peak Blizzard design
Tbf because of a paywall i think this is a good thing - at least until they buff him the game wont be p2w
Sad to see how underwhelming ramattra is
As I predicted he isn't that strong, people lost their shit when seeing reveal and though he was the new DF because of the punch and block but forgot that Ramattra has no movement abilities, he looked to squish as soon as we got the stats and on top of that his CD are ridiculously long and underwhelming, I doubt that he will even be strong at low ranks since he is much more mechanical demanding them other stronger tanks.
He looks cool, but honestly really disappointed by how weak he actually seems. The job everyone thought he had he really can't do against good players and most other jobs he does can be done better by another tank. He will probably have niche uses and a small community of one trick enthusiasts once the hype dies down, but the revolution to the tank role I was hoping for isn't really on the table. This is very clearly one of the first characters they've made recently without any of Overwatch 1's double shield in mind.
Ramattra looks fun! I think his cool-downs seems decent. I’m glad that his ult is easy to shut down seeing how you literally can’t block his regular damage. I don’t think he’s going to be overpowered now that I see some gameplay of it, but I’m honestly really fucking glad it didn’t end up that way. His pull down suck, I’m glad that it doesn’t go ALL the way to the sky box, becz I feel like that would be unfair, but raising it just a bit seems reasonable. I also think that the fact that people can easily escape it isn’t really good, they should really make it so they have a chance for escape (like Mercy because she’s REALLY SLOW in the pull down, enough time to kill her)- so something like that. Not an easy escape, but a way to escape. I think he’s honestly reasonable right now, other than his vortex. I just hope he doesn’t get super buffed due to higher ranks thinking he just sucks. That was my worst fear, that he would become too OP and I would no longer wanna touch the game until he got nerfed. Although Ramattra is a but disappointing for Tank, High Elo, Players- I’m honestly okay with it. But we’ll see once the actual gameplay comes out.
When you shoot through Winston’s shield does it do damage to both sides on impact basically doing twice damage or does it count as a single hit doing 60 dmg
I had my hopes up but this has been a complete disappointment for me. Such a shame.
He's going to be really good with Sombra. He's also going to do well with brawl comps, but poke's going to destroy him
I feel like "tempo" should have been phrased as "footsies" instead.
New hero looks boring and, almost, like Blizz decided to half-complete the abilities so they can finish them once players use him. Just my worthless two cents.
Honestly looks like the worst tank in the game.
Well glad hes not a must pick. Now people dont have to buy the battlepass to be competitive viable.
Wow, what a surprise he’s balanced.
Is that the new map?!👀
In regard to ult cancellation, maybe a situation presents itself where you need to switch to "Prophet form" for your shield to avoid a team wipe?
Am I nuts or in his trailer didn't his ultimate go through Rein's shield?
Here before he changes the thumbnail 💀
ok thank you for actually going through the numbers because the devs never show that and its so annoying lmao
i love flats
epic first we get an op character they wont nerf now we have a trash character they probably wont buff!
Edit: Niandria uploaded a mythbuster video. My feeling where wrong...  I still feel like I'm paying every day for Moth Meta and Huge Rez.  That ability only significantly affects mercy, the movement speed that she's hit with there is more than enough to kill her downright imo. So why the fuck is Mercy the only one getting it? Gotta nerf them low rankings hero's.  I feel like the ability is only going to be used to kill Mercy when she's pushing with DPS on the flanks. Other then that it's a very bad soj orb.
Damn, so many of us had high hopes for him but his shield, vortex and his ult are so meh implemented without any thoughts behind. His vortex not reaching and his ult being denied so easily is just sad to see....
His vortex should be a MAGNET that extends upwards into the sky. if you are in the air at all within the tower you immediately get pulled to the floor like old Orisa ball. you aren't stuck, you just cant jump and are a bit slow when walking. that would be a perfect ability for him.
This actually makes me upset.  The shield CD is fucking eons.  It needs to be halved, 8 sec is plenty. The punches don't look impactful at all. And the snare is a mild inconvenience at worst. While it looks like you can shuffle the block, it honestly looks like you would hit block as little as possible. Hell, 50%? Even Doom gets more damage reduction.
So you are saying that we don't need to buy the battle pass to do well in ranked now? Well that's good to hear.
genji block on nemesis form?
Honestly I'm happy he's not that good.
“I will save my opinions until the end”  >thumbnail
Flats, you don't like unblockable damage? But that's the core principle of Rein Hammer...
yea he looks like dookie lol. not much to say there
Rammatra is bad you say looks like someone is gonna be playing tank a whole lot more.
Ramattra would be so damn fun had they not limited his nemesis form like they did Bastion.   If the devs want him to be a "tempo" tank they must let him pick the form to use without dissuading one by giving it a time limit.  Bastion got its treatment cause  Ow1 made it clear it relied too much on configuration: turret (to the point that using it and staying on it as long as possible was the only viable way of playing Bastion), Ramattra on the other hand requires one or the other form depending on who he needs to brawl against (hog obliterates omnic form for a reminder and transforming into nemesis form and staying on it to duel hog would be a much more entertaining fight than "whoops my nemesis form ran out, I'm dead").  I'm fine with his ult requiring LOS to work as it allows counterplay by more experienced players, I'm not fine with vortex not having unlimited height and think this would actually give us a pharmercy answer (other than relying on 1-shot dps characters).  Also why the arse isn't the vortex's slow stronger? The ability ends really quickly (once it lands) so you'd expect its slow to be potent or at least deal enough damage to make 200 hp targets want to leave the area as soon as possible once caught in it.
They nerfed him to hell before he even came out, damn shame
In my personal opinion, Ram is literally Sigma, but cooler, more balanced and more F.U.N. to play against, his shield doesn't lasts forever, he has to reload, his block doesn't eat projectiles but rather tanks them, he doesn't have a stun, and his ult isn't obnoxious but really really cool.  I'm very excited to play him tomorrow!!
On paper he sounds good but at least he looks fun to play
Ramattra and Doomfist have the same double-weakness from their block; it only reduces damage from the front and even if the CC hit the front of them they are still affected by it, Doom doesn't even get to keep his charge if his block is interupted like this.
He’s kinda bad tbh, I expected more. He’s such a cool character to.
They will tune him as the season goes on for sure, for now hes probably a viable fun hero to play
basically how I imagine all Overwatch players to look like
15k in half an hour. wow
Maybe not the best tank but coolest in my opinion.
I think his cooldowns are way too high. You can place your shields once and when you have it again fight will be over allready. And his nemesis form up close with 600 hp and no range ist pretty bad. And when it ends you are either run out half of your nemesis timer or stand in front of the enemy team without that damage and health to be a threath. And the hitbox of his e just maked you laugh. Its so tiny that everything is out of it before you can even change forms to punish
heyyyy ProLikeChro called it when he said Rammatra was underwhelming based on numbers and his barrier being bad
It feels like the devs underestimated how strong orisa was going to be and then saw that and decided to scale back so tanks dont get two strong characters. It feels like tanks are hit or miss with their development
I’m just glad Ramattra isn’t a OP DOMINATING hero. He’s going to a fun Tank to play for sure, but he isn’t killer game changing which I feel is great. He’s going to be a fun Tank to play in Pubs for sure, in ranked probably not, but that’s ok. I’m mostly just glad that he’s just balanced. Not gonna lie. I think my man needs a small buff already, but we shall see! I’m going to check on some other YouTubers
So he’s a worse doom fist, blizzard strikes again
I think the best way to make him a bit better is to focus more on one form. For example take away some of the poke damage and give it to the pummel. If he doesn't exceed at anything compared to the rest of the tanks he will be quickly overshadowed. Also the vortex might have to be either taller or actually be able stop people from going out. Haven't played yet so can't say for sure if these are good ideas, but I hope he will at least have his own niche, since he is VERY cool.
ramattra hittin a blinker on the penjamin 🫠💀
So I guess this just the question of whether or not we over reacted and or if blizz saw our over reaction then cracked the 90 so hard they made him not very useful.
Is he DOOMFIST lvl of unviable?
that tank is just a walking genji nerf
Maybe the season 2 patch notes on other heroes will make him better.
Vortex needs to be much higher, I'd give nemesis form more armor up to 700 and more range
Huh so he's kinda mid...
vortex shouldve been taller but smaller in radius so it should pull phara and echo out of the sky
Props to the balance team for attempting to not make ramattra op as hell as a new tank in overwatch. We probably don’t need a repeat of sojourn but as a tank so good job
Im curious going in as a brig main rn, if inspire can offset the ult damage
He seems fun but only for low ELO maybe like his like mage staff form seems decent but when you go nemesis form it seems more of uh nerf a disadvantaged going Into that form maybe idk
You might want to cancel your ult to use his shield. While it's a niche circumstance, it may be something you want to do. Especially in lower elo where enemy teams might not regroup. An ana might be healbotting someone in his range and you want to push past the enemy tank to get to said ana. Edit: when looking at him, it seems like they wanted to fuse sigma and reins play styles, but made him worse than both. Edit 2: I do think cancelling ult will be better than some predict. And since it's potentially unending, it makes sense to have a cancel.
Kit sounds cool but he's missing something to keep him going if he's supposed to be getting in close with no movement abilties
honestly, i far prefer him being underpowered compared to being the next sojourn.
Better than being OP I guess but this is disappointing to hear.
Usually when Blizzard adds characters, they change the meta and are super strong i.e. Ana, Brig, Sojourn, even JQ was really good when she released. Like Flats said, Doom, Orisa, Rein, and Sigma do Poke and Brawl better than Ram.
He looks like a really fun QP hero and that's about it, which is unfortunate haha
Hey atleast he has a cool origin story. right?
He’s got way too many cooldowns, and way too many temporary abilities, he’d be so good if his nemesis didn’t have a timer, same with the shield he’d be amazing after that
He didn't even look that strong when they were showing his abilities
So verdict here is Ramatra not as OP as initially feared.
might want to cancel ult to shield a dva bomb or something like that
Sounds like they made him a Jack of all trades master of none tbh  Edit: I thought that shield would be way longer
14:08 And thats the issue with a character that does tons of different things and doesent specialize in a specific play style. They are either in a nomans land of being out done by other options in every comp (why pick rammatra when you could instead go sig and just have better poke comp, or rein for a better rush comp?), or they are just superior on all fronts to all the other tanks. Its better to have a character with a kit like winstons or reins where it has a specific play style and streghts/weaknesses, than this ”tempo tank” that tries to be a swiss army knife.
Is to early to say anything, we need to see him in game for real
what about boops/explosives? junkrats mines etc.
I don't understand why vortex had to do damage, if its a cc ability let it be a cc ability. What is this bs of weak ass slow and no jump in a tiny area but doing damage, its as if damage is the only thing overwatch devs can balance out so its in everything.
It's okay. Doom and JQ are probably gonna be meta so that should hopefully be enough variety for you in rank.
Ive been saying since the gameplay reveal that everyone is overreacting with how OP he'll be. Looks like he's even worse than I thought
I can completely skip the battle pass in confidence now. Thanks.
See I knew people were too fast, even from the videos I saw a few issues people weren’t talking about and we didn’t know his values which are even lower than I speculated
Canceling his ult is very much a intended feature.
If nemesis form isn't even scary, how did they call that a tempo tank?? his tempo is to go from meh to shit
He remembers me of Swain from League of Legends, a "soft tank", a guy who is actively fightin in the middle of everyone instead of being far back, even though his normal form usually just poke from a distance, but rammatra is a main tank in this case, and i dont think that's very good... I may be wrong, but I feel that he would do a lot better if he was a dps or even a supporte with less health obsiouly in his poke form, and then when he ults he turns into this soft tank, obviously we dont want 2 tanks anymore, so maybe trading some max hp for a little smidge of damage on his ult or range on his punches would help that  And with that said, obvisously blizzard wont do that, but its just what I feel would work better for him, since hes a tank that doesnt seem to tank more than a battle mercy or at most, a dva (I think he might be an ok matchup against dva, he doesnt have any advantage but can ginore her matrix and block her ult so idk)
i will say in terms of his ult, its not just an "I win" button and you have to use it effectively and make sure you have LoS. but his playstyle still seems very interesting and i was planning on buying the BP anyways.
So he's either Half a Sigma or Half a Doomfist depending what form he is.   This character is going to be an ult bot
He might slap bronze and silver
finally my team will be able to see the invisible mercy and pharah when you suck them down to the ground.
I had the worlds biggest sigh of relief when I saw that the ult was 3 seconds
I knew he was either going to be busted broken or just bad
I think that looks actually really cool. After seeing the dev-update-video i really thought Ramattra was way OP. But seeing this, I think Ramattra will be fun to play, but not dominating. Assuming I play enough to reach Battlepass 55 ;) because I'm definitely not giving Blizzard my money, for as long as they hide new heros behind the battlepass.
For me I think his vortex is mostly used against Lucio Doom Genji, not really focused on pharah. However if his vortex cancels pharahs ult it’d be great.
Flats look like he was forced to review Ramattra
moral of the story hes worse than ball
Hopefully this makes ow players stop calling everything op after seeing 10 seconds of gameplay of something new.
982nd liker
Mercy mains rejoice we are safe from the dlc pay to win hard counter
Day 1 of asking Flats to do Bronze VS Bots again.
I don't exactly get the issue with Ramattra's punches being unblockable. They're basically a Rein swing with a forward hitbox instead of a horizontal hitbox, since Rein's swings can't be blocked by shields or Defense Matrix and can hit multiple enemies. Overall Ram seems like he'll be a pubstomper that has trouble in higher elos, like an opposite of Sojourn.
Thank you for the dose of content! Made my lunch worth while.
Imagine if they'd spent 2 months fixing JQ instead of this crud
Flats how high does the ult reach upwards?
vortex seems less of a flying character counter and more of a hard stomp on Genji double jump
yeah people forgot that the trailers are made to look a new character as strong as possible so they based themselves off too much of that. I guarentee you if doomfist was to be released today and he got a trailer people would think he would be game breaking
He looks like a ton of fun and I don’t think he’s as strong as I initially thought he would be!
Dog crap lmfao hes just gonna get hooked to death
Man blizzard are very scared of making good tanks huh
unfortunate.
feels like he was nerfed before he got released dew to pole overreacting to his release trailer
so basically the vortex is worst than orisa ult, lul  something I thought would happen with them releasing heroes more often is that the heroes will become 'big hype' but in reality they are kind of boring or niche
What are yall gonna b**** about next. First Sojourn now Roadhog. Shut up. Giving these children a bad impression.
Returning player here, is it normal for them to not put patch notes out just yet? The patch is tomorrow right?
So they let Sojourn dominate the world but then follow up with a pathetic tank
IMO, the vortex should deny any sort of movement based abilities (TracerBlink, MercyShift, SojournSlide Etc.) It should also have a much higher zone. i dont think it would be that OP, but it would actually make it, you know, not absolute shit :/
Personally at the end of the day,  Idc how good he is. We got a new tank to play and thats what matters in my book.
you know it's bad when he's countered by doom
Damn :(
No limits is going to be amazing tomorrow!
Meh. I don't think you're giving him a fair shake. You've barely played him. That being said, I think that they are starting him WEAKER so they can make him STRONGER. Most people are upset that new characters come in swinging killsticks like never before. I'm glad they gave him room to be tweaked. He definitely seems retarded weak to Hog though..
Huh, that's a lot less crazy than I thought it would be. Very short durations. Also, he needs a Kiriko on his team. Like, imagine popping your ult and getting sleep darted. Everyone runs off (at least if there's enough coordination and communication to not hit the slept target) and the ult just runs out because it only lasts 3 seconds base.
I like an ult that can be counterplayed
I'm actually kind of glad because he doesn't seem as crazy as I was thinking.  For us shit gold players he will prob be really good though.
"Tempo tank"... "Change forms at will"... I don't think the devs know what either of those mean. It's like they're just talking in technicalities now for marketing.
I honestly think he's going to be pretty average for casuals (silver to low masters) but I don't think he's gonna be a big pick for gm. I'm really excited because I love his moves. Thx for the vid. EDIT: I also think you're misunderstanding what tempo tank means. Tempo tank, to my brain at least, is you have to really focus on tempo and/or having rhythm with his abilities.
I wonder if making his kit counterable was an effort to not release another very powerful new hero to the game again and create another hard meta this season
Anti-Air character doesn't  Anti-Air
Seems like he'll be really good in lower elos. I just wish I didn't have to see Hog in 4 out of 5 games.
I think reins firestrike should have the pull down and slow effect to make him viable
After seeing that breakdown vid I had the feeling he'd be just ok but we still have to see
The very much escapable unescapable vortex
Will be fun trying it out.
Its gonna take 2 sets of weekly  challenges to reach 1000 coins for the Battlepass but it'll save me $5 bucks :3 glad to see him early
What map is it that you’re testing on with emong
Thank you Mr Flats
I just opened my eyes and I'm watching this now lmaoo
This would be the one time people with the fastest hands in the west can use their skills to their fullest potential.
I was kind of hoping Ramattra would save Rein players who love the close range brawl playstyle but are tired of getting shit on by anything with poke, but it looks like that's not so much the case. He looks like a lot of fun though! I'm sure I'll have to wade through 10 minute queues at first but he seems worth it.
Flats wattt
Cant wait to grind this TANK!
Hello you beautiful man
"Video Game Community overreacting when seeing something new/different"  Like of course, he was never going to be OP
Streamer favouritism 🥰
“6 min ago” when I clicked WOO! New record.
*Prepares body* Let's do this! *Edit:* That didn't go as I expected... Honestly as long as he's fun instead of omega broken I think that will be fine. but it feels at least at this early point he's dipping into lukewarm. We'll see.
4 seconds only? Wierd
Hog forever....
I love when Flats makes a dedicated YouTube video, it let's us know he cares about us <3
W content
Let's go
Let's goo
Flats with the early access Let’s gooo
Hi
First finally!
Bunger
I ain’t never clicked on a video so fast 😅
can he beat goku tho
That thumbnail does not spark hope
Punch man go punch
Nahhhhh no shot
