Be sure to watch Weekly MTG at 2:30pm Pacific on http://twitch.tv/magic to see even more about Kamigawa: Neon Dynasty!
buy singles only. do not buy sealed product until the crack heads at wizards lowers prices, drastically improves print quality and value
Champions of Kamigawa was my first pack back in 2004. Nice to see this.
Sci-Fi and artifacts everywhere? Hard pass.
GOD THAT SONG SLAP!!!!! I WANT IT!
Best set since gatecrash !
The Cyberpunk 2077 game we deserved, but not the one we got.
I got into magic around 6 years ago, and I remember going to the card shop that had a whole wall of booster packs from past Magic expansions. I remember seeing Kamigawa and wishing for the day Wizards of the Coast will re-release the amazing Samurai plane. My wish defintely came true, although totally not what I was expecting lol
music  : glock boover, Take Me Where You Wanna
Does anyone know who the music is by? Sounds amazing!
I hope the future looks like Neon kamigawa.
Mirrodin = High End PC Neon Dynasty = +RGB
This feels like Neon Dynasty should have been a 3 part set. Hahahahha Adding tech into Kamigawa made the comparison against Mirrodin into shambles.  I like both sets.
Why is it I can read the card clearly on Gather the magic yet can not read any of the cards on Magic the gathering arena? I know how to right click but I have to exit the game to read the cards on a second site to play the game which makes me not want to play on line. Is it by design so we can not read the cards? I is a simple fix and you know how to do it but you don not do it. Why? Why is it you do not have tutorials' on how to play the online game? hot to interpret the  game prompts or how to click to active ability's? Who is getting paid to program this crap? Their over paid and in need of being let go were only we be allowed to read the cards but no thats just plan silly we should have them all memorized or not play or simple be happy to be cannon fodder for the elite.....AWESOME JOB potato heads...
is it true this set is getting hatsune miku cards in this set, if so, i'm definitely buying them.
Please stop producing double-sided cards - biggest crap to use!
Is Phyrexia will return in this ?!
Wotc please give me a New Phyrexia D&D supplement please for a real murder hobo campaign.
So looking at the cards that are officially released by now I must say I love the idea of phyrexia and Kamigawa fuse sorta together. But up until now we see only a small part of something that Kamigawa was known for (Ninjutsu+shrines) and a even smaller part from phyrexia (Jin-Gitaxias and another card, just one, makes use of phyrexian mana) - The base mechanics as they are now revolve around Ninjutsu and on the contrary or Auras/Enchantments/Artifacts (which we just had in theros), so we basically get Kamigawa with missed opportunities and just a nudge of phyrexia with even more missed opportunities. Saddens me somehow, I wouldve loved a revamp of Bushido (its not impossible, they changed keyword abilities in the past) and since I know that phyrexia somehow is involved, more mixture between Kamigawa and Phyrexia like compleated Samurai/Ninjas. We're only two weeks away from release and I still hope there will finally come something that drives me to it again, the last things were Kaldheim and before that the ravnica/wots finale.
Just now seeing this. Kudos to whoever made the little spoiler chunks of cards into static into the title of the set effect. Just genius.
Hype
it doesn't feel like magic this feels like a different game am I the only one who feels this way
So far the collection's pretty interesting, however there's a major problem that came back, the samurais still suck. The ideia of them costing more mana for being more robust than ninjas makes sense, and the ideia of eliminating Bushido and add a " duel " mechanic in combat is amazing, but attacking alone is already a weak point, so at least the buffs for doing so should be great, gaining +1/+0 per other samurai or vigilance or allowing to cast especific stuff from grave are all weak effects, since the creature have to do it alone, it should be turned into a psychopath, a Samurai attacking alone should gain first strike, menace and deathtouch,  combinations of these and other skills that would make the opponent regret blocking. The way they are made unfortunately will keep the tribe being a meme even after waiting 20 years for reinforcements. Ninja's are great, sagas are great, all the mix of traditional and technological elements are great, but so far, the samurai remain a joke.
I have very mixed feelings about this
I LOVED Kamigawa since I first joined the game, so I really was hoping they would return here. I can only imagine what mechanics they will do, but this is cool. I wonder how they will use spirits in a world that feels like a new version of the matrix? lol
Do you guys know if Arcane cards will ve back?
Style of music plz?
Look how they massacred my boy...
Mmu
This is the most Lazy, Ridiculous rip off Modern Magic has ever done and this trailer is a low-effort, atrocious waste of animation.   We understand that Wizards is now a fully Corporate, fully Dehumanized, Soulless entity that doesn't care about their players, only their money, but this is a new low.
Yeees, about time, here we go.
So hype. Cyber samurai is my JAM
Worst trailer so far. So boring.
Can't wait to see the cinematic trailer for this set!
OMG!!!!! Magic the gathering for me is only medieval fantastic with knights,castle,elf,forest, dwarf,goblin,sword and shield,zombie,spirit,black magic, etc etc etc!!!not this oriental/futuristic bio mechanic shit!!!!! 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Music plz?
I... Dont know what to think
I demand a similar synthwave track for the Arena game board that comes with the set
Kamigawa: Expectations: Neon aesthetic, Futuristic Japan, Tech, AKIABARA AESTHETIC!!! Reality: Phyrexia takes over
Make this a D&D world book setting for 5e. Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeease!!!!
Come on Wizards, give us some Cyborg Rat Ninjas
Is there a specific track you guys used here? It's really quite good.
I hope they make a dnd sourcebook with this setting. Like how they did with ravnica, theros and strixhaven. it would be so cool.
Who’s excited for the soon-to be banned planeswalker Kaito Shizuki
i wish the music was longer
Can't wait for the new set 🙏🏼
Magic: 2077
I just realize the the cyber fox ninja is Kaito Shizuki from the kamigawa planeswalker leak.
Ah yes, some good old fashioned orientalist exoticism. You are better than this Magic. This is just racist bullshit
i miss netrunner
I really don't want to be flamed but my honest feelings are I don't like the whole Tokyo futurist thing in MTG. Coming from a guy who adores the Bladerunner movies.
The name reminds me of Neon Genesis Evangelion
Mom I want a return to Kamigawa.  We have Kamigawa in the fridge!  The Kamigawa in the fridge ☝️
Yessssss cyberpunk
This is so awesome. Wish Cyberpunk 2077 would be coming out around this time. Would be a good year for cyberpunk
Wow love this trailer xD
Song title? Or please make it sharable 🥺
Much, much more thoughtful way to take Kamigawa. Kudos.
Does anyone know the soundtrack? <3
I recommend Gwent cards. 💪✅
Wizards: Magic's first Sci-Fi set! Tezzeret, Ral, Saheeli, Niv Mizzet, the forces of Phyrexia and the entire plane of Kaladesh:  👁👄👁
The CGI in MtG trailers keeps getting better and better.
What is this, can somebody explain it to me
As a former student in Japanese language and culture, I'm both excited by and worried about this new set.
i take it all the Nezumi, Naga and Kitsune will most like be gone or robots? maybe we find a Sliver reference there as it was within one of the old Kamigawa cards :D #TheQueenlives
Please dont do another cringe as fuck video with d grade hollywood actors... please!
Not as cringy as usual
Incoming Bushido and Ninjutsu.
Weeaboo crap.
Anyone else want the real Kamigawa back? This dosen’t feel like Magic the Gathering anymore. 😭
By the way....why Youtube don't show anymore the amount of dislikes?
Cool, mtg fornite
Fox Tribal
But what's a deck master tho?
Finally we get to know about the wanderer
Hoping to see a lot of Kitsune / fox people
That trailer was well done! But let's not forget the War of the Spark trailer... ❤❤
That trailer was well done! But let's not forget the War of the Spark trailer... ❤❤
This didnt really do anything for me *shrug*. Looks cool i guess
Soulless.
WHERE ARE MY 5 LEGENDARY CREATURES ANIME IDOLS OF EACH COLOR OF MANA ???
is it okay to call it techno-fantasy, or is it cyberpunk because the colo(u)rs are pink and blue? :-)
Meh
Wait, so if this is how kamigawa is now, does that mean tamiyo is actually from this futuristic plane? Are the moonfolk just hermits that refuse to get with the times?
no me gusta fin
All I want is more Nezumi, then I am happy
I wish this was fake.
This may be the best set in 2022......
The Wanderer is from here? Yeah that actually makes a whole lot of sense.
Loving all the set so far. I'm enthusiastic  with this futuristic approach. Bring all the cibernetics you can!
Thanks, I hate it
nice, cannot wait for this to come out and make more decks, so I can share it will people on my channel.
I’m really not a fan of the cyberpunk aesthetic in a magic set.
Slow down for gods sake, I didn't even buy Innistrad yet
Bring back the top as a mythic ;)
What is this GARBAGE??? So it's finally happened, the ideas are all gone so they are going non fantasy... ok.. see ya, nice knowing you MTG, I quit and Im selling my collection... I hope you go belly up... thanks for ruining the entrire product
We gonna get some sweet Wander lore!
The Wanderer confirmed  * o *
I miss the old kamigawa.
Well i hopy there will be some motorbikes and fast cars. Also lot of hotties drugs and synthwave
thanks. I hate it.
All this new technology...I wonder if a certain Elder Dragon God would be able to break free from his imprisonment somehow.
Rainbow six map vibes
Oww my ass hurts.....  After the Christmas present I got in mtg arena I don't think I can take anymore of that massive magic fails.....    Grab the needle and thread someone's gonna have to sew me shut....
that fox mask just makes me think of fortnite. why did it have to look like that.
Fu3king furries
the fuck is this shit
Techomage to be a new creature type?
wake the f- up samurai, we have a set to draft  has already been said?
Light it up? Don't mind if I do 🤪
So screw being a fantasy game then huh? Looks crap
Diggin' the Tokyo neon cyber punk Ghost in the Shell vibe. Very Japanese. Kamigawa is my fave Magic plane and I'm loving the glow up.
you guys think we will see a return of ink-eyes, servant of oni?
I can not wait for this to be a D&D book.
I can only imagine how good the Artifacts in this set will be! As a artifact player, that always get me exited for new sets.
This seems... Really lack-luster for a cinematic introduction to the world you want to introduce. Definitely interesting concepts at play but no elaboration or explanation to the world building.   Looked back at other preview trailers of past sets and could get a grip of what's happening and why I should care. Here it just seems like: hey look Neon shit in Japan and also The Wanderer?   Like come on could it be any more lazy?
Finally getting to see the Wanderer properly
Everyone: We want to go back to Kamigawa!  Wotc: No, but here, we'll call this completely different thing Kamigawa for you.
Kagayakeru Sekai
I predicted this right when i knew cyberpunk was going to release. Magic just follows whatever is popular now but around 2 years late.
Did anyone else notice when the flower flashed across the screen? It showed snippets of a card that matched the spoilers for Kaito Shizuki.
Project: kamigawa
Love Kamigava and love this new Style to.  Would also love to see a D&D setting book for neon dynasty. Plz WotC tell the D&D team about it.
this is so hype japan cyberpunk style in mtga omg <3 !!
Im just wondering how this happoned cous we have seen ajani go visit tamiyo and kamigawa wasnt futuristing then and that was eldrichmoon so not too long ago
I feel like they should have just come up with a different plane rather than totally reskin Kamigawa
Just take my money!!! I want to buy all the boxes!!!! So sick!
Hi mtg can you make cards regarding indian history and their are many monster to choose from to make cards pls
Cyber Ninjas...
I sense a cyberpunk Secret lair down the road
MTG is dead, glad I moved onto other games, like Richard Garfield's new collaboration Mind Bug, you guys should check it out.
Return to the Return to the Return...
Ghost in shell secret liar???
Hoooooooooooooooooooooooooo hype
Epic!
Cyber Shinobi deck, let's go!!
Да что же вы наделали
Someone at wizard was really into cyberpunk 2077
im not sure if i feel the futuristic theme
I puked a little.
Man they really took a big risk doing this to kamigawa.    We all wanted kamigawa and here it is.  I think we mostly wanted kamigawa for the old edo period japanese feel with taoist influences and and of course that fantasy feel. We aren't getting that upfront but it doesn't mean it won't be there.   This neotokyo manic near future industrial feel is an awesome and unique one for magic though which is really cool to see and the asthetics is popular these days to be sure.   At first I thought, why not have a return to traditional kamigawa but also have a new plane with this type of asthetic. But taking the lore into consideration, considering that kamigawa is far in the past it would make sense that kamigawa has become this hyper advanced society.  So idk I within I'll warm up to the concept.  I hope there are Mechasamurai
There is so much cyberpunk in this set that bots invaded the comment section :O
I think I don’t like it, maybe I’m too old school but I just can’t enjoy this without thinking in the old Kamigawa… if Wizard is experimenting, I think their are doing not a good job.
Cyberpunk is the future!
I hate it.
Bring Back Netrunner!
I haven't been this excited for a set since Commander Legends and MH2.
Yo, fk this weeb e-girl Vtuber shit.  Where tf are my boys the Phyrexians?
okay..wtf happened between the last time and this visit on kamigawa? xD
Gross
what song is playing i couldve sworn i heard it before
What the hell did the Kamis do to this plane!?   And wait… first Sci Fi? What about all those Mirrodin sets?
To those who hate that this isn’t fantasy: it is. Kami power all the electronics on kamigawa in neon dynasty this isn’t science fiction it’s futuristic fantasy. If you aren’t upset about geists powering inventions on innistrad you shouldn’t be upset about this. Same goes for kaladesh, which is basically steampunk india why can’t cyperpunk japan exist in the same multiverse? Just seems kinda silly to cherry pick what kinds of fantasy aren’t and are allowed in a fantasy card game. Be happy that wizards is challenging us with a new world and not boring us with repetitive ones.  Edit: to make it clear I don’t like a lot of what wizards does but kamigawa and Capena after it isn’t one of my gripes.
Doesn't really fit M:tG's fantasy theme.
It was looking badass until they revealed the guy was wearing some kind of teddy bear raccoon mask  😑
I couldn't wait for another kamigawa set. Seeing this "Neon" crap makes me so sad. 👎👎👎👎
Last week I found my old cards and saw some of the Kamigawa ones. I thought "I wonder if they will ever make a set of it again, I'm sure people would love it."  This was not what I expected.
Seriously one of the shittiest MTG trailers EVER, especially considering that the cyperpunk setting IS going to upset a lot of MTG players. So delivering a trailer which has nothing to show except for the setting is just a waste of time. A waste of time to watch, a waste of time to comment and a waste of time to make.
Za Wandara-
I haven't bought Magic cards in roughly 20 years. I almost got back into the game with the original Kamigawa set but at the time I decided to focus on Heroclix. I had Didn't have much money, so I had to stick with just one collectable game. Decided to stick with the game I currently enjoyed instead of getting back into a game I hadn't played for a year.  The announcement of Neon Dynasty has really got me interested in the game again. I've purchased a few commander decks, bundles, and booster boxes from recent sets. I can see how this set could turn off a lot of longtime fans, but I love it.
Was that the wanderer? That planeswalker from war of the spark?
There are many hints that I can indicate, for mechanics. First of the mechanics, for what I think can return, is the Ninjitsu mechanic; which does replace any creature on the field, with the other, after paying the mana cost. The second one is likely new, possibly something that would be similar to the older version of Proliferate, whereas the -1/-1 Counters can return, but triggers only once every trigger, and cannot copy itself. Finally, another one I think can become new, is possibly about technology, especially with Kamigawa.
super excited for this!  :)
still not a fan of the idea honestly
Not played MTG for over 6 years, this Trailer alone has pulled me back.
I like that wizards is hitting us with genuinely unique worlds this year. The Sci-Fi / Feudal Japan blend is pretty unique in fantasy.
I'm sorry, I wanted to play magic for a fantasy feel, not sci-fi what is this BS
Let's!!! Freaking!!!!Go!!!!
Now make a transformers set please and i’ll come back to playing the game lol
Hey they can do whatever they want with a plane, but all that i ask from Kamigawa now, is that they still have the spooky yokai, and i’m kind of hoping for some red/white vehicle support.
Am I the only one who would like to get the audio of the trailer soundtrack?
WOAH WHAT A HYPE
How did they get so far ahead in tech compared to other planes?  I hope we find out.
I’m pretty excited for this one hoping for a slough of new ninjas
I cannot wait to compare some of these cards to their predecessors from the old Kamigawa block
0:36 is that the Wanderer?
Is anyone else really excited to see what they do for this set's story, maybe it's just me, but seeing fantasy settings where magic and the supernatural are simply accepted facts of reality, and actually seeing how that world would work when it progresses to the point they start to develop modern technology (and not simply plateau at the medieval or industrial age), seems really cool and like it could be interesting.
Even Kamigawa got a return but New Phyrexia didn't? Come on, Wotc! Where are the Phyrexians? I've been so hyped since Vorinclex's Return and... nothing.
mixed feelings
Is this still Magic? 🧙🏻‍♂️
Calling out techomancers as a new creature class before any one else
. I believe the two facets of the world might be bridged by magical technology, like one being able to wander the traditional kamigawa by switching to an avatar of sorts.  That would be so cool. And it would mean that both aspects of the world would be overlapping (like lorwyn, but simultaneusly) , instead of geographically separated (as it happens in eldraine).  I wish I could have asked that question.
Finally a set without Zombies, Vampires and Elves…. Congrats MTG for bringing back some real exotic and elegant flavor
strongly dislike scifi theme
Imma stay here in new Kamigawa, you all go on when the next set after releases. #nirvana
Soo the Kami's are now NEET?🤔
Historic Spoiler  2 Golgothian Sylex has been droped in Kamigawa.
Bring on the mechs and kaijus!!!
we're exploring the futuristic setting aye
This could pass as a trailer for a mobile gacha/br
Just give me my ninjas in blue 💙
MUSIC?? ARTIST? I NEED TO KNOW
from what we've seen this looks tasteless.. they stripped away what made the set charming and left behind.. cyberpunk 2077 dubstep tokyo, i guess, which i'd wager no one asked for
Wait is that mean that the wanderer is Kmigawa's emperor?
Getting a lot of cyberpunk vibes
¿Cómo puedo subir mis cartas físicas al nuevo programa de pc y móvil?
Artifact creature: Ninja  Legendary Dragon Spirit Illusion Legendary Artifact Equipment: equipped creature gains ninjutsu. Creatures put into play using this ability have "when this creature enters the battlefield, attach [crazy name] to that creature"
Uhh... wut
Hypeddd and great music 🙌
Why cyberpunk... i want more oldschool kamigawa cards :(
Mmmm the rage of the old fans tastes so good
i hope it was the wanderer in the teaser, i want to know more about her
go girl give us nothing!
Looks sweet. Orginal Kamigawa was my first set. Hope we get samurai and ninja tribal.
Why has Kamigawa gone from 15th centry Japan to cyberpunk 2077?
LIGHT IT UP
Magic: The Gathering 2077
wow they didn't even bother to create the right world design for a unecessary sci-fi set, they just copy-pasted japanese sci fi visuals to their japanese inspired set. Not what i expect from the company that pushed my imagination while i was growing up.
Sadly, i need to say, it looks like another Cross Over set. I like Kamigawa.... but... is it necessary to put Magic into a Sci Fi Product??  It looks so close to "Blade Runner", "Ghost in the Shell" and a bit of "Matrix" with this digital 3D Images.  I love the furturistic "Steampunk" style of Kaladesh But actually dont feel comfortable with this Cyberpunk in the Card Game Genre of MTG.
Is that the wanderer?!? Yooooooooo
i miss the old kamigawa
Seems the advertisement of a new amazing videogame
Hey, you guys got a link to the artist who made the music for this trailer?
Is Magic or fornite?
I wish we could get cyberpunk anything without fetishizing Asian culture but sure let's throw one more into the hole
Hope for good nezumi cards  🤞
Does anyone have any music similar to 0:27 through the title screen? So awesome.
Interesting
The full art basics are beautiful. I usually dont splurge on cosmetics like that, but I definitely have to buy sets of the basics.
This only summons up the deep, seething anger I feel towards WotC at what they did to Android: Netrunner.
Why does this look like a fortnite trailer
hmmm mixed feelings.. i really liked the old kamigawa
Unsure but could that final character be "the wanderer" who we saw on War of the Spark?
Magic the Gathering: Shadowrun
Now would be a great time to partner with Riot Games.  T4hey have a skinline cyberpunk universe that would really work with this, especially Comander.  You could even pull from Legends of Runterra partly for some level  up ideas  for Legendary Champion Comander,/Planeswalker(Ryze, Zoe, ...Kassadin? Does his riftwalk count?)
So torn on this.  I mean on one hand......Technoninja.....on the other.....natural beauty and philosophy aesthetics that only old Kamigawa can give. I will take it though.  I am so ready for this set. Foils of any of these cards should be incredible and i am really curious to see the land and artifacts.  I wonder what will be new? I wonder if it will be a new type of card/pile entirely...like if they introduce the 'net' and have cards in the Net/mainframe (a playable sideboard) interact and possibly hack/delete/copy opponents combat algorithm programs/virus...etc
Ayo why tf kamigawa turned into cyberpunk 2077. Fr tho love this set, can't wait to see more of it
I can’t wait to see the prebanned standard spoiled cards
I see the wanderer is back
Tbh looks like some big random secret lair, not into it
The new Sly Cooper is looking sick
I wanna point out, that this isn't MTG's first foray into mechanical designs for planes. And on top of that, we don't know just how technological or mechanical the aesthetic will be.  This also isn't the first time they made a set based on a popular "punk" aesthetic, Kaladesh was basically steampunk! And there's Mirroden, which leans into that 80s retro chrome look like the classic Heavy Metal comics and is comprised mostly of machines and technology.  Its only a natural progression that we're getting a cyberpunk styled set, and it only makes sense that Kamigawa is getting the makeover. Cyberpunk and japanese folklore are so akin to one another its a whole subgenre of cyberpunk. We're not getting Cyberpunk 2077 or Blade Runner, We're getting Afro Samurai and Furi
Magic: The Gathering 2077 addition
Looks like we'll be getting another the wanderer card, yay 😃
Man this set looks good 🤩
is that the wanderer? whats the release date? i missed the 1st kamigawa sets this looks interesting but im really excited for the return to dominaria coming up and the brothers war set
Ok, gotta say this. This isnt magic the gathering. I love the idea of cyber punky themes, but i want to sling spells and goblins, not hack computers.   A solution, and which im hoping is going to be the case, is that we get a bunch of cyber punky alt arts of cards with the OG magic feel, kind of how in the teaser it changes from old age kamigawa, to the techno style.  Though now that ive thought of it, a cool "spinoff" of magic is a game with the same rules but with cards based around a completely different era of time with futuristic and modern based cards and effects.
Based upon the cards we've seen so far it really seems like the design team had no interest in the established lore of the original setting. Maybe further spoilers will change my opinion, but as a fan of the original Kamigawa this set is starting off on the wrong foot for me.
I really hate that I really love this. Horribly fabulous job.
Still mad at arena ;/
Video game, sure. Card set, eff you wizards.
Looks the Magic the Gathering Squid Games Edition
I just played my edh ninja deck and I was going to tweak it
Magic's first sci-fi set. Antiquities and Mirrodin be like.
Just take all my money.
Huh?
My prediction: Historic as a mechanic. Legendaries were a big part of original Kamigawa, artifacts would fit the cyberpunk theme, and sagas could tell the stories of the kami war.
It's so NOT magic... So disappointed they had to make this to return to Kamigawa...
This isn't a joke, is it?
It's always weird to see a card game with an ESRB rating
…as close we’ll get to a new Android Netrunner 😿
Sick
DON'T JUDGE ME 🔞🔞🔥
I hope WOTC reaches out to some synthwave artists the way they reached out to some metal artists for the release of Kaldheim for some kind of collaboration.
One is caught up playing the impassioned protagonist in one’s Subjective Narrative of Self- 🎈
So scandroid did the music or nah?
Kamigawa was the last plane I'd ever have associated with phasing.  But it absolutely works for this futuristic neon city setting.
Who is the wanderer??
Who is the wanderer??
On one hand, this looks like a phenomenal return to Kamigawa... on the other hand, normal art lands are quickly becoming rarer than full art versions.  :/
What happens if you cross Cyberpunk 2077, Shadow fight 2 and Magic: the gathering?..
This is going to be an Artifact heavy set. Prelude to New Phyrexia Saga.
I'm new to this game. I love the neon background. It gives me Tron Legacy vibes, which I always liked along with the music. That being said, what exactly does this apply to in this game? The cards or something online? I'm completely lost but excited.
The figure standing outside on the roof... possibly the Wanderer making another appearance?
On one hand, this looks like a phenomenal return to Kamigawa... on the other hand, normal art lands are quickly becoming rarer than full art versions.  :/
Teaser has been released at the same day with Matrix Resurrection. Coincedence?
Muy cyberpunk
At 0:40 , is that the wanderer?
oh gawd. Magic is going nft
this is gorgeous but this isn't magic anymore... i'm totally disapplint by the direction the game is taking now
Fix historic you garbage company
So with the recent MTG updates and releases, i get the 'stop it it's already dead' meme vibes. Not saying that MTG is dead, I loved Magic back then and I still have my cards which are precious to me. Yet I still have this feeling, also with previous releases. :/
look awesome
RIP magic 😢
Wake up samurai!
I loved old Kamigawa, I hope to see some of it is still in this set. Moonfolk, Spirits, Demons, Samurai, Ninjas, beautiful panoramic lands, Splice/Arcane spells, and build around cards.
"These videos make my life better" ❣️
This makes me laugh Is horrible
U KAKUSH CYBER FOAL
I still miss Gideon. Since his death is story of MTG empty to me.
Wtf have they done to kamigawa!?
0:39 is that the wanderer?
How stupid
Any inkling on what music was used for this trailer?
Brilliant aesthetic. I am thrilled with this take on Kamigawa
It reminds me of "A Shamisen Orchestra" Album: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLWNM_gkdOm0MQ9McjWhsVObaBSTQwik3W
You can see pieces of planeswalker card just before the name of the set at 0:27 ! Time to solve the puzzle.
Is there a name for the song?
Alot of things can happen in i believe several thousands of years or tens of at least
I am confused since when was Magic set in the future? Also realistically just would be full of people on social media arguing with each other and people watching YouTube videos. Not people still fighting with swords. Also they would be using guns if they were too.
For a while there it took me back to japanese arcades and i LOVE it. I wonder how the Kamis would look like in this Kamigawa
I never play this game but i always excited when the new trailer comes up
So they took the Japanese set. And then turned it science fiction, in a way that exotify Asian Culture even more by making it Cyberpunk.
On one hand, this looks like a phenomenal return to Kamigawa... on the other hand, normal art lands are quickly becoming rarer than full art versions.  :/
Ok, THAT looks FIRE! First set in a while that has me genuinely excited simply via the aesthetics.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shyI-aQaXD0&t=1s   Age of the Earth https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrkYDzILgtA        Dinosaurs and the Bible
I really hope this isn't the reason Wizards of the Coast KILLED Netrunner. Fantasy Flight Games had just rebooted Netrunner, and WOTC pulled the plug unexpectedly.
Ooh mtg in a cyberpunk futuristic setting ? Not what I was expecting, but looks dope !
i looks like  KAMIGAWA METAVERSE 😁
Teferi must have something to do with this 🤔 Nice to see the Wanderer in here, hopefully she'll get a good story. Hoping to see Tamiyo in her homeworld as well. Looking forward to some good Ninja and Samurai cards.
Seeing as how the game has already been around for decades, I am not mad about them leaning into technology, especially for Kamigawa.
I'm excited. Hopefully the cinematic trailer blows me away.
ghost in the shell vibes
F
Yo. Was that the wanderer? From war of the spark at the end?
Yooo do we finally get the wonderer planswalker I want to see more
A - MAZING !!!
I am sooooo excited for this set I know it is crazy to ask but I would love a spoiler card wizards 😁😁😁😁
The Wanderer!!!
Waits for the Scandroid cameo
Shut up and take my money.
Honestly, this is a route I never thought M:tG would go, but am pleasantly surprised by it. Cyberpunk style on a feudal Japanese/Chinese base? That has me much more intrigued than Cyberpunk 2077.
Lol all the hype until they release ten more sets in the next couple months and this one will be forgotten quickly . I miss the old blocks .
Excuse you. I’m trying to enjoy innistrad
Big miss on the art of the frames!
The new wanderer looks sick. Can't wait to sell my soul to get one!
So glad I just pre-ordered a box of the set I am so hype
Yes.
I like the world and ideas but I don't want science fiction in my fantasy world. Get the HELL out unless you do it in a clever stylistically logical way like Kaladesh.   If they tie the plane to fantasy in a way that makes sense then I am all for it but at the moment I am highly skeptical they will be able to do that correctly since this seems to so clearly have such a modern, nay futuristic feel.
WTAF, I'm a huge sci-fi/cyberpunk guy, but I'm confused and don't know how I feel about this....
Looks cool but at the same time, would prefer to have a bit more fantasy feel incorporated. This looks just straight up cyberpunk.
This set is hype. Too bad you had to lay a big stinky deuce before it comes out. There's still time to retract Alchemy.
So retro cool and nostalgic.
Wow, Cyberpunk 2021!
This has flashes of Shadowrun in it and i'm on board.
Every set is Sci-fi. I think you just didn't want to say Cyberpunk. As long as it has a Sensei's Divining Top that looks like a Beyblade I will be happy.
Let me guess, Kamigawa was actually destroyed, so everyone now lives in The Matrix.
Barf....  hate cyberpunk...
im hyped lets go
Ninjago
Okay, in this last year Magic gave us a magical school, a return to gothic horror and now cyberpunk.   Are they specifically catering to my soul?
I just hope there's a full track behind the teaser. Sounds like a weapon of a tune.
I hope we get a bunch of new ninjas!!! Maby even a premium artwork for yuriko? I am sooooooo exited!
Return of Kamigawa in a futuristic setting reminds me of Samurai Jack. Long time didn't show up then returning in futuristic setting.                                        Long ago in a distant Magic. I the Magic fanbase abused the metagame with OP net decking affinity artifact builds(Mirrodin block). But a foolish magic set with underpowered cards and pathetic card mechanics stepped forth to dampen my metagame. Before I threatened to leave Magic and never play again, the Magic creators panicked and vowed never to bring back Kamigawa until now... they seek to undo the present that is OP net decking
Kamigawa just became the most op worlds in magic.
Nossa, kamigawa neo dynasty é literalmente a facção roxa de Mythgard akakakkakakakaka
Will be interested to see how the new mechanics interact with this setting.  #magicdeckvortex
I would greatly like the aesthetic of this plane if I saw it in a franchise other than MTG. There is nothing wrong with cyberpunk. There is nothing wrong with sci fi in general. But it doesn't fit in a fantasy game. I'm quite confused how many people say "I like cyberpunk, therefore I like that they made a cyberpunk magic set." Am I the only person who can like two things separately, but dislike it when they get mixed? I like wasabi and I like beer, but don't put wasabi in my beer please.
Hope kami are still around in some way, my spirits deck needs some more material
super love the neon aesthetic leap they took here. with a fantasy oriented game its always a risk to go future and the way they have done it here this seems like the spot-on way to introduce such a theme. SUPER excited
Haven't played Magic in forever but I remember a discussion awhile back I had with a buddy about what kinds of settings we'd like to see I future sets. I mentioned I'd always love to see a modern/futuristic setting. Glad to see it finally happening
flavor is on point, hope it isnt ruined by wokeism like always
People saying that technology has nothing to do with Magic certainly weren't here when phyrexia had portal ships and laser beams.
The weeb hype train is rolling lol
Apparently, half of the set of going to be traditional Kamigawa, which likely will mean I'm going to like half the block. This city looks like a modern science fiction city. I don't want science fiction in magic, because it's a sword and sorcery fantasy game, and science fiction doesn't mix with that. I like science fiction. I like sword and sorcery. I don't like to mix them though. Just like how I like both yoghurt and beer, but don't like yoghurt in my beer.
Always excited for a new set! K:ND looks beautiful! Please tell me we finish some land cycles (Shard Triomes/Enemy Tangos/Enemy Bi-cycles/etc...).
Before you judge how this will impact magic look at the lands for this set
Meh..I love the Asian feel of Kamigawa but not too into the cyberpunk theme. Looks cool but not for me so I think I will skip this set and wait for Nior Demon Mob Bosses.
So they went from mediaval to futuristic while we weren't looking!? Damn, them wizards abused extra turn spells!!!
I think the emperor of kamigawa is Okko. They said last time that the emperor is a planeswalker we know. I think Okko will be much much cool than mu yan lin or something
I'm cautiously optimistic about this set. But I swear, if the main new mechanic in it is just another predefined artifact token type, I will scream.
I want my legendary Umezawa jitte legal on standard
Well I think its "skip a set" time for me :)
Hype
This is WotC's response to Cyberpunk 2077
Nooo. Pls dont fck the game up with this weird cyberpunk stuff.
Dislike
You know, I didn’t know how to feel about this at first. It’s such a diversion from what we typically think of as a magic set, but I think I’m coming around to it. I might just really like cyberpunk, but I’m excited for this aesthetic change.
I just know a Cyberpunk and TMNT Secret Drop will happen during this cycle. Can't wait!
Illusions...... Artifacts..... Illusion artifacts....  And ninjitsu
Please make origami creatures!!!
Not sold on that this theme is appropriate fit for MTG...
The only thing that was going to save this set for me was if they did something along the lines of tradition v progress, but looks more and more like I'll never see feudal Kamigawa again and it's just more shadowrun knock off. This game has become increasingly more difficult to want to be apart of.
While I’m pretty sure that was the Wanderer at the end (and y’know that isn’t that surprising to me), all in all this set looks like it’ll at least be really fun stylistically!
Honestly, this is exactly where I had been hoping a return to Kamigawa set would go. The material the original Kamigawa seemed to be drawing from heavily feature themes of tradition versus modernization, and that was somewhat present in a conflict between the Kami and humans. Given that Kamigawa was set way before most of the other sets and, if I remember correctly, humans ended up the victor in that war, it's the logical endpoint to go full cyberpunk. To have unbound industrialization molded into the superficial trappings of tradition to mask its own ugliness become the eventual breaking point for a people who tried to vanquish their own gods.  Also, I just like artifact sets, and there's a good chance a cyberpunk set has some sort of artifact themes.
Is that the wanderer at the end?
That’s some beautiful surreal music
Is this an NFT?
Finally return to Kamigawa and this is what you've done to it? Damn it. The first set I was hyped about in 3 years and your turning it scifi....
welcome to cyberkamigawa 2077, oh wait, wrong game :P
Looks like Cyberpunk 2077. And will likely dissapoint just as much.
Uber cool vibes Blade Runner style. Excited for it! ✌️
I LOVE KAMIGAWA <3
innistrad came back, kamigawa is coming back, sick collab and just came back to magic with commander format. This is a great time for magic for me
This might be the first set I skip since I started playing in '95. Wrong direction for MTG with all these neon-lights and skyscrapers.
Why not just call it yu gi oh
Ooh, is that the Wanderer? Excellent!
Anyone have song credits?
How long is time difference between original kamigawa and neon dynasty?
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeelcome to Night City!
At the very least, the Wanderer is back. . . Too bad it had to cost us the traditional artstyle and spiritual theme that made Kamigawa what it used to be.  Hope we'll get some interesting mechanic to distract myself from that disgusting cyberpunk theme. . .
I’m hopeful for this set, though I do have concerns. I’ll wait and see how this set develops over time.
I love how they experiment with the fantasy and cyberpunk-ish formula combined together.
Ah so the wanderer seems to be back
Is horsemanship going to be a thing again?
So let me get this straight the mending was basically like Hiroshima for kamigawa? Everybody built back better and more advanced unlike dominaria who didnt really advance much afterwards.
It's correct for WotC to move in a different aesthetic direction from time to time, it makes sense from a multiverse perspective. Looking forward seeing this set in full.
I like the style, but the thumbs down has me worried.. I will probably buy a case of set boosters and sit on them rather than open it.
wait wait wait....how much time has passed in Kamigawa?! They were in the Feudal era the last time we saw the plane!
Oh. The Wanderer. Nice
Someone at WOTC was an old school Yu-Gi-Oh player and just wanted to rebuild their old Seven Samurai deck
I have to be honest... I hated kamihawa back then and I still have a lot of mixed feeling about that set... But this cyberpunk twist is a cheeky way to make it more appealing... And it's working
Oh my god I cannot wait ! I hope we get some Moonfolk and Tamiyo ❤️
I've been waiting for something like this since the godzilla art series in ikoria. Finally, non-fantasy mtg set!
I mean, awesome aesthetic, clearly. Neo-Tokyo will always be an excellent backdrop for any creative work. However, Magic going into sci-fi with a full set is a bold step for me, and on the surface, is far removed from its high-fantasy origins. I'm sure the bright lights and anime references will win me over eventually, but this will take some easing-into.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from Magic.
So excited for the Wanderer!
This trailer looks so cool
My first time playing magic was me getting my head kicked in by my friend's Ink-Eyes while I frustrated him reading the cards too long. I hope there's an ink-eyes rework in it.
Can't wait for Kokusho, The Raving Star!
I thought Mirrodin was Magic's first sci-fi set.
I'm interested to see how this will all come together...
Anyone else notice the sly little wink there?
Hyped!
Never in my life have I wanted magic to be futuristic. I still don't. I hate it.
The aesthetic is absolutely lame. Keep the anime-esque, modern/futuristic garbage out of magic.
This is not mtg. IDGAF what watsy wants us to believe...this is not what i imagine mtg to look like.
Wizards has officially jumped the shark
Game’s over, pack your bags everyone, it was a good 30 years
I see so many people having a problem with Kamigawa now having technology that's electronic based and that's such a stupid arbitrary reason. Like yea if they straight up start having cards referencing WiFi or some shit like that I get it but your complaining that technology doesn't fit into the MtG lore and I don't get why people think that. Why can we have a bunch of other stuff of the real world, like pirates or dinosaur or even ninja or samurai from OG Kamigawa but God forbid anything that resembles modern tech. People are acting like cyberpunk isn't fantasy in of itself. Whether the aesthetic of the world is for you or not is up to you, but you can't determine that something isn't fantasy because it doesn't fit into what you think that aesthetic entails. Something's fantasy if it isn't real life and that trailer looked far from real life. Even if it has elements that are real, like holograms, it isn't anything that is close to real life. Same way classic fantasy has elements that are real, like a sword for example, but uses it in a way that is not the same as real life.
This is so cool
Me thinks the Wanderer is finally making another appearance
RIP
the wanderer is back
Cyber punk!😂
It looks pretty, it looks flash, it looks.... nothing like Kamigawa.  I'm all for the Cyber-aesthetic, but I wish they did it with a different plane.  Would've been extra awesome to return to the feudal style.
not sure if I like this idea, but hey...might end up being good
I hate how hyped I am
Double-u, tee, ef?  Feels very Shadowrun to me.   Or Shadowfist for that matter.   Colour me curious…
Isn't magic yknow fantasy based? This set let's full dive scifi for the Asia future  aesthetic (bladerunner). And let's ditch the kami part of kamigawa...
You can see all $100 that went into this video.
This may not be the most Magic: the Gathering set of all Magic: the Gathering sets. But that tree is so reminiscent of Jinteki (Android: Netrunner), it might as well be a homage. I think I will like it. I don't know if this will make me play ninjas now, but I have a good feeling about this.
Would be better  as secret lair drop
So neon future meets asian Fantasy?
Cool, a new "un" set. Because neon future kamigawa is not something I need in regular MTG.
Oh my god im so hype, kamigawa was my favorite sets
Nope. Already bad. I will be buying singles but not sealed products. Disrespects Japanese culture and is trying to play off the hype of cyberpunk 2077. What a shitty gimmick. Full blown flavor nightmare.
Hope wanderer history comes to light
When I first heard "cyberpunk kamigawa" I wasn't overly sure of the concept. But this actually looks pretty cool. Here's to hoping they pull it off.
"i want another Kamigawa set!"  *Monkey paw curls*  I can't decide if I'm happy to have another Kamigawa set or if I'm sad they did this to it.   I hope the sets fun to draft.
The meaning of Kaito is 'sea, ocean' or 'soar, fly'.
So hmm looks like the wonder is back and was that first part hinting at a lotus petal reprint?
eldraine teaser: epic cookie love story and battle scene zendikar resurgent teaser: epic heist and escape scenes crimson vow teaser: sinister wedding and twisty twists  neon dynasty teaser: hehe flower go brrr
Wie heißt das Lied oder der soundtrack???
Wait, I thought for a Second I was watching Overwatch trailer. That one character seemed so close to the blue owl skin for Anna
Okay, so I have suspended my belief for the most part when it comes to MTG lore.  However, this is the one time that I cannot wrap my head around it.  How did a technologically impaired world like Kamigawa get to cyberpunk?  Did something just trigger after Nicol Bolas' defeat?  Is it Ugin's fault?  Seriously, how did they leap lightyears in technology?  Are we gonna do more Phyrexian shenanigans?
1UB plaswalker. The emblem has something to do with an emblem that triggers when something deals combat damage and gives you a U or B tutor for something.
theyre telling us digital is the future....bye bye paper
Feels like this set will legitimize non-magic based worlds and concepts, like guns, and open the gates for worlds beyond. I don't know to feel about that truthfully.
So far looks amazing 🙇🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️🔥
THE WANDERER
Did anyone else think that the guy sitting in the beginning was the squid game guy...
So that's a yes to Jin-Gitaxias, Reality Hacker, right?
... yo estube hay hace 1000 años, cuando atacaron los kamis
I'm a mega new player, haven't really fooled around with anything digital yet just playing with my brother and one game shop crimson vow draft, so take all that as context, and I really love the aesthetic and vibes of this and am very excited to see more. I think being such a noob and not having absorbed and internalized nearly enough lore or mechanics/gameplay info to form big opinions on either, "oooh pretty" is kinda all that's in my grasp right now lol so on that note, very pretty, very exciting.
Let's goooo!
Magic: the gathering x Ninjago
Tell me you want to be Cyberpunk, without telling me you want to be Cyberpunk
Dont like ambience.. at all
yet another set again? Yawn.
I think I’m going to like this set. Crimson Bow was meh for me, and I really didn’t like Midnight Hunt, but if it’s anything like the last Kamigawa, I’ll like it.
You guys decimated an entire feudal Japanese aesthetic plane for this? I'm not mad, just disappointed
Aggro will back on top meta for sure! haha
Ok, that... was... AWESOME!
Well this looked pretty chunkshitty
amazing omfg cant wait to play!!!
This Looks Like the wanderer
If you pause at the right time at 0:28 you can see that the random frames is hinting a blue-black planeswalker.
Please no
Kamigawa was one of my favorite editon. So amazing cards... so amazing memories, i remember one of my decks white/black spirits i loved that deck so much.
This is wild
parece que será  uma bosta, vamos ver...
Cyber Samurai and Neon Ninjas. We in the future now boys
Sadly, I don't see any MTG here. Looks like a different game.
First Sci-Fi Set? Does Kaladesh not fit into the Sci-Fi mold? Also, having previously gone from Shadows Over Innistrad block into Kaladesh seemed jarring & here they are doing it again with Hunt/Vow going into Neon Dynasty, haha. Overall I'm intrigued at the next year of sets!
I hope the set is playable, at least in standard
ew cringe. guilty
it's about time multiverse have at least one sci fi meld with magic plane
You really need to slow it down with all these cards in such a short time. It seems just like a big money grab. Why don’t you improve the arena client instead. Add all the features you said you would and make the deck builder better, add a chat client that is useful, add deck tracking in the app with collecting tracking too.
That straight-up Blade Runner audio reference in the first few seconds 👌 I'm into this.
Background music should have been Camellia Light It Up.
You can always tell that the sets are made a few years in advance.
So you can't get a WHOLE lot out of a teaser trailer. BUT....I think I'm less apprehensive about K:ND bringing too much "Tech and Lasers" into my fantasy card trading game / established universe. This teaser gives me cool vibes that the ways of the bushido and the ninja are very much alive and well in the future of Kamigawa, despite all its modern advances.  Color me quietly optimistic WoTC!
i like cyber punk esthetically but this trailer makes me think were gettin actual cyber punk and not magic powered items. If i see tv, actual cars, computers this is not what i personally want in magic lore and i hope im wrong but this trailer made me think its going that way.
What the hell???
I really hope they'll nail the Kamigawa feel with this set, and not just give us a cyberpunk world with ninjas. The old art of the Kamigawa block really had a particular feel to it that I'd like to see again.
Wow. My first set was Kamigawa. I never knew it would develop into THIS! I'm in love!
🎶"Yeah I'm the wanderer Yeah, the wanderer I roam around, around, around" 🎶  Coop ON! 💚
Please magic I can only get so hard. 😭
Pls energy
Yes! I'm ready!!!
I really hope they kept some traditional feudal style of the first kamigaya, I like this futuristic neon retrowave “cyberpunk” vibe but prefer the Classical Japanese aesthetic.
new planeswalker is Johnny Silverhand
WOW ! The new Cyber Punk DLC look great! Can''t to play it!   (jk I'm really excited about this LOOL)
Ah yes, everyone's favorite card game... Technology: the Gathering.
Ok, Im curious now...
Just nope. The sad thing is that the trailer is really well made and cool, but no one feel the need to have futuristic stuff in MTG. Just give us good japanese fantasy and stop.
well that was underwhelming
Well… that was a disappointment.
What’s the point of magical powers when you have telepathic machines? Just a fundamental question? Anyway can’t wait to see spoilers.
I hope KND also releases some new masterpieces, I need a Sensei's Divining Top and Umezawa's Jitte reprint!!!
The wanderer skin its the same of kitsune in Cod cold war
Yeah yeah yeah, you know the routine at this point Wizards.Shut up and take my money 💰💰💰 🤣🤣🤣 You know you can when you combine all my favorite things: synthwave cyberpunk style, Kamigawa, and MTG?! Yeah no brainer, good bye budget
Once, a year ago, I said all I wanted was to come back to Kamigawa and Lorwyn. Please, let's never come back to Lorwyn again, I beg you
I think it makes sense that at least one plane has gotten that technologically advanced, and we already have robots and vehicles in the game. I say I'm hopeful to see what is done with this set.
Hmmmm...
Nothing can beat war of spark trailer and love liliana cards..
Honestly I wish games would stop diving back into retro aesthetics like Miami Vice. Hopefully I’m wrong and the set is better than it’s appearance
Very cool scifi Ninja Feelings😁
This makes me sad
Im counting with a new Umezawa descendant, there is one red Umezawa missing
Can't wait to see some neon Akki
Looks great . Bunch of old farts in the comment section complaining is making it even better
Looks like a Samurai film mixed with Ready Player One
yoooo, finally some more insight into the wanderer!
Sees the wanderer   .well guess we finally get full reveal
Yoooooo! That straight up doesn't look like Magic the Gathering!
It doesn't feels like MtG... MtG is all about Fantasy dammit!
Looks more like YuGiOh than Magic ...  Terrible ...
YOU'RE BREATHTAKING Samurai!
Tamiyo: "...I don't remember this place."
Wtf, MtG Ninjago! I hope the rat tribe is still in this setting...
Thanks, I hate it.
+1: Draw a card then discard a card a card at the end of your turn. -2: Create (#) blue and black ninja creature with “this creature cant be blocked. -7: You get an emblem with” whenever you deal combat damage with a blue or black creature, draw a card”. 1BU 3 starting loyalty
From what I could decipher he is a dimir Planeswalker with 3 starting loyalty with a static ability that triggers in your upkeep if (something I don't know) entered the battlefield, a +1 that draws a card and then makes you discard one unless you attacked this turn, a -2 that makes a 1/1 unblockable Ninja and a -7 that gives you an emblem that triggers whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player and lets you search your library for something. Also the -7 has some color requirement.
<3
I think I will skip this set and regard it as kind of unglued/unhinged...
so the card spolied in this video is a planeswalker (Kai-something) is 1ub with +1, -2, and -7 abilities, a starting loyalty of 3
This could be good or bad, but I did really want to make a cyberpunk themed cube.
That’s if
They will porbably make it appealing but in the poll I'm going to ask them to go back to feudal Kamigawa.
This sucks so much. Boring orientalist cash-in that disregards the existing story. Why does Tamiyo dress like a luddite if her home plane is like this? Shh, don't ask questions, just consume product and get excited to consume future product.
My favorite magic card, Champs of Kamigawa, Graceful Adept. I would love a reprint.
Congrats wizards you completely missed what made original kamigawa awesome.
Welcome to Bladerunner Tron Cyberpunk.
It's finally happening. I was hoping maybe 'neon dynasty' was just referring to the color of a particular era in Kamigawa that wasn't actually referring to a futuristic setting, but I think deep down I knew... Trailer kinda hype tho. Hope they'll at least honor their original feudal setting and it doesn't turn into another generic cyberpunk world
I don't like this at all.  Still, I would rather they make a few missteps than never try new things.
Wanderer is back!!! pooog
Man feudal Japan to Cyberpunk 2077
Ngl, I am excited to see a futuristic set from MTG, and it looks really good so let's see!
This _Shadowrun_ trailer looks great.
Anyone else find this a bit offensive? Honest thoughts please!
Yeey, more cyberpunk
This. Looks. AWESOME.
hoping for manga/anime artists for the special edition arts
I want this song so bad!!!
Fine. cyberpunk is cool, but I need crotch rocket vehicles in this set so I can make an Akira-style biker gang, otherwise you've failed me MtG. Hopefully at least 2 different bike vehicles so it can be a thing. After all you did like 3 trains for Kaladesh.
Will we see Tamiyo again? And I wonder what new Kami and Ninja we will see. Set will be awesome, but do you think Top will be reprinted and if so at Mythic? I doubt it, but still.
I wanna see a bloody neon-cyber-akki! Ishi-Ishi, Akki Crackshot for example :D
I think sets like Kaladesh and this one aren't my taste in terms of futuristic designs but I'm still curious as to whether or not Samurai will be making a return to MTG. Ninjas are cool, but UB isn't my slice of the color pie. Samurai though they're in every color. Which reminds me, I need to go order the green one.
I’m soooo excited for this set!!! If they do well at keeping the Japanese practice of traditional aesthetics and foundation ms and modern/future tech blended, it will probably be my favorite set. However being a degree holder in Asian Studies and crazy about sci-fi cyberpunk, I’m definitely the targeted audience.
I think very little would change if this was just a new cyberpunk plane instead of kamigawa
I hate That Sci-Fi style
Une horreur...
Stop, I can only take so much excitement.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh
Is this a version of the seven samurai of Yu-Gi-Oh or a crossover of cyberpunk, samurai animes and magic? 🤔🤣
Synthwave: The Gathering
I wonder how far they can stretch the wholesome Magic setting until it breaks. At what point the entirety of Magic flavor, art and settings stop being recognizable as a whole and become just generic game art? I guess, we will see, given the trajectory.
Let's hope this doesn't flop like Cyberpunk 2077
Shirei let's go!
What is the mockery of Kamigawa? It wasn't w a strong set, sure, but it was dripping in lore. This just looks like a cop out.
I don't understand, is this a new set of standard?
Only one minute of nothing? I hope that a new trailer will be release in the future because like this I feel like there is nothing more than esthetics...
Well colour me hyped
They need to spin this off into a Net Runner reboot
We're going back to Kamigawa?! Be still my heart :D
NEW NINJAS!
I'll keep my reservations but I might just ignore this set and only pick cards that I like.
I'm starting to think Kamigawa can take on Bolas lol
Yessssssss
Magic isn't Magic anymore.
legendary tanuki beast Ninja
The Future is NOW old man!!
Magic the gathering, but in the future...................... WTF!
KAMIGAША
How to remove magic from MTG in a single set
Hesitantly excited about Kamigawa: Neon Dynasty. I like cyberpunk alot, and I loved the original Kamigawa, though I would definitely have preferred maybe a return to the feudal Kamigawa.   When I heard about a return, I was extremely hyped (multi-colored Samurai, finally!). Then I heard it was Cyberpunk Kamigawa. One of my absolute favorite archetypes, even if they're 'weaker' than a lot of other tribes, and it seemed that we weren't going to go back to the roots of what I loved about the Kamigawa set. Yet I still want to give it a chance, and I am hoping for the best. This trailer does excite me for several reasons, and I hope that my excitement for it isn't killed by the things that will be coming out/teased soon. I can understand at least from a story perspective, perhaps there wasn't much to go off of from where the set ended, which would maybe feel odd to have a return for a 'finished' story.  Without ranting too much, here's to hoping for the best my dudes.
Cyberpunk comes to magic!
I hate this. Keep Magic fantasy!
I feel the matrix crossover already!
Stop doing expantions every 2 months , you can t even enjoy an expantion like this
Someone in the Neon Kamigawa marketing team is a fan of AJ Lee
can't wait for a whole run of trash sets designed around alchemy.   just tell us you wanna stop making this game and get it over with
Can they hack phyrexian tech so?
Hype is real!
Give us 2 Headed Giant!
Oh, Wonderer, it has been so long... So, I guess Emrakul is back😂😂😂
I actually like this I feel like the respective planes need to make technological advances
A lot of Professors in here.
Oh my! Is that The Wanderer at the end?
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, this cool
Beatmania IIDX!!!
Wow, I hope this gets adapted to D&D next, they seriously need a sci fi and/or Asian culture setting
bruh that was so cool
So transistors actually exist in the magic multiverse now?
Yeah, this kind of new lore is the reason I'm walking away from MTG more and more... Sadly I think this hobby will be just a good memory in my shelf, like World of Warcraft is today.
It looks good for a Video game, but Magic?  I don’t know, not my stile of game, is like trying to make The lord of the rings on the future….  Yeahh!! Exactly.
New card token type. Holograms.  When they are used to block they are sacked after combat but do not count as a death ie do not trigger death effects. Not actually true but might be cool?
Could totally do without the whole neon thing.. 109k views.. 2.1k likes.. But how many dislikes?
This feels like they thought Cyberpunk 2077 was going to be better than it was...
was that the Wanderer???
honestly I just  want tribal snake support.
MTG ready to drop dat bass
Umezawa's Beam Saber
This is it.
Ah yes, kamigawa 2077 can't wait
near as best i can tell, the glitch effect gives us the following card  kaito - 1ub planeswalker - kaito at the beginning of your end step, if a creature entered the battlefield under you control this turn, (do something) +1 draw a card, then discard a card unless you've attacked with a creature this turn -2 make a 1/1 ninja creature token with "this creature can't be blocked" -7 you get an emblem with "whenever a creature you control deals combat damage, search your library for a blue or black creature card and put that card onto the battlefield" starting loyalty of 3
YES!!!
Bro I hate that MtG is losing its unique aesthetic, but man this set looks great! Edit: Awesome music by the way.
What a sexy design!
So are lands just gonna be a bright pink glowing coffee shop called "Starbucks on 5th Street"
Love the cyberpunk theme to this. Please don't disappoint us 🙏
Dimir Planeswalker Named Kaito
This isn't MTG. MTG Arena is garbage. Modern Horizons is so cool! D&D expansion is awesome! Alchemy also sucks by the way.😁
Nope…
I know it won't happen but this is what I want for the next MTG DnD sourcebook.
I wasn't really excited for this set, and this trailer has done nothing to heighten my expectations.
Not a fan of the trailer.
Disappointed that it is so different from classic Magic and especially the old Kamigawa. Such a shame, I was so hyped when I heard there is another Kamigawa set...
Sorry but that soundtrack is trash. I don't usually waste my time voicing negative opinions, so I will also say it looks is amazing. But that soundtrack 🤢.
I'll be really pissed off if this set's gimmick is not that techno music starts playing and a hologram appears when I open my boosters...
I don't want it :(
Big ole swing and a miss for me
yes yes yes yes yess yseysesy esey sey
I love it already
Just dont print another "without paying its mana cost" card, everything else is great...
Anyone able to piece together the card image at 0:28?
« Wake the f up Samurai. We have a Plane to burn. »
When the eyes appeared on the mask, I half expected it to make a kitty face and go UwU. Not sure if that means I have spend too much time online or I just can't take this seriously...
Everything is a matter of taste, and of course the Magic Universe is on a move all the time... but I think Wizards threw their brand out the window. It looks pretty definetely, but is not the same universe as Tarkir, Lorwyn, or even Stryxhaven.
I couldn't be less interested in the set, but that trailer is just a master piece, also the music is amazing
Cool trailer.... But i don't know if i want scifi ninja's in my childrens fantasy card game
If you slow down the speed of the video as the flower dissipates into scrambled digital pictures before the Kamigawa Neon Dynast title screen it shows a legendary planeswalker with UB colors.  I can't make out who it is though.
NEw planeswalker is dimir pause at 0:27
NEw planeswalker is dimir pause at 0:27
Liked the old fantasy setting more
hype
I’m actually pretty excited for this set, hopefully it delivers!
cyberpunk is possible the most antithetical concept to the Magic the Gather esthetic I can think of. Now don't get me wrong, I think cyberpunk as a genre is cool as heck when done well.  When I first heard about going back to Kamigawa I got excited. I really liked the setting as it felt unique and flavorful. I had hoped the new set was going to mirror (or be a nod towards at the bare minimum) actual Japanese history will the decline of the Samurai and the rise of imperialism (Massive oversimplification I realize) with some of the plane resisting while others embracing it. Then I read what you are actually doing and well. To quote a great movie. "You have chosen . . .    poorly"
This does not look like Magic: the Gathering to me.
HE WINKED
Huh I was expecting something more "traditional".
I have mixed feelings. I love how it looks . If this was any other game I would be so hyped... but it's Magic: the Gathering. It doesn't fit the universe. It looks pretty, that's a fact, but it's also not really something I would mix with sets like Innistrad, Zendikar or Eldraine.  But I'll wait for spoiler season before making a decision whether I like it or not.
Down with the shitty alchemy!!!!
Spiritblossom yasuo ? Nice
Lovely visuals and music. This teaser gives me some Chroma vibes (it was a canceled game by Harmonix). I wasn't convinced about the neon thing but now I'm digging it.
I'm really curious to see how they will fit all this technology in the lore.
excuse me WHAT THE HELL???
I am going to go all in and put my hopes and memes on the line. I really like Shadowrun so this might fill a glass that has been dry for a while. Also I think we might be getting something akin to a Street Fighter crossover soon for a SLD. So yea I'm pretty stoked.
Time to spend hours finding out what that card says at 0:27
Cautiously optimistic about this one. Very annoyed that we get a teaser before a release date though.
This is the worst idea you guys have had since alchemy.
Has this been playtested accordingly or should we expect the same issues and poor balancing as the past 3 years?
This doesn’t really track with the rest of the fantasy theme of magic
I am fully prepared to yet again be underwhelmed by a bland, uninteresting set that could have been interesting. Very disappointed in WotC.
Ive been looking forward to this for a while.   I really hope it's etched foils this time.  Would look so much better than a full foil.
Cyborg Sakashima?
Man, I wish there was a modern slang, a nomenclature that properly fits the illuminating nature of the teaser as well as an outdated notion of light and lighting to a world like Kamigawa.
No one wanted to believe me when I said the wanderer wasn't us players, they nvr listen
"The whole set is going to be a meme."
I love this and hate it. You guys nailed the cyberpunk aesthetic ,but I'm not sure about the whole future tech in.... MAGIC. It's kinda against what the game is insnt it? A game about MAGIC.
Trailer is trash, uninspired, corporate. Expansion gonna be fine probably
Take Alchemy out of Historic!
The broken up card at 0:27 is definitely a dimir planeswalker. Not sure who it is, but sounds dope. One of the abilities is definitely some kind of looting mechanic for +1 loyalty
Track ID?
Kai Shizo, Ascendant?
Underwhelming.
You have my attention, but not yet my approval. You have my tentative respect for having the courage to do this, but it better pay off.  I wish you the best.  Now... bedazzle me
WOW! that music! and artstyle..this set is gonna be awsome!!!
Oh yes I'm so ready for this also 0:28 little card teaser
I'm all for a futuristic Kamigawa! I just hope they don't lose the spiritual aspect of the world because of the technology. 🙏
My first cyberpunk themed set. Can't wait  Also I thought this way a call of duty release for a second 😅
No no no...contact me if u need fresh/©lassic ideas for Mtg 😉
Everyone better buy this so we can return to Kamigawa again.
Let's hope it fares better than CP2077
I hope Synthwave is a mechanic.
LORWIN THE NEXT ONE !!!!!!
From fantasy to the walking dead to godzilla and now cyberpunk? No identity anymore. Next is a cross over to pokemon?
Screw all the haters. This looks awesome.
Wizard's attempt at cyberpunk,  lets hope this time there's no "bugs"
the music is awesome!  i need to know the artist ♠
0:38 is that The Wanderer?
New Playstation openning looking good
A E S T H E T I C
Please fix the MTG Arena economy.  Also, please revert the Alchemy change to Historic.
Cyberpunk is one of my favorite genres, so it's great to see it mixed with one of my favorite franchises.
Android: Netrunner called, they want their aesthetic back
Absolutely sick.
That's it?
So mirrodin and kamigawa fucked somehow?
Full soundtrack when?
Nice, but i would prefer something good.
WOW, definitely Synthwave ! I love it !
Fix arena and maybe I'll come back
I will not purchase a single thing on arena. Knowing you can and will change cards with no refund. Paper magic all the way . Never touch arena again but hey you got $50 so good for you.
I still have hope the the wanderer is emrakul
Has anyone solved the puzzle at 0:27? It is 1UB Planeswalker Kaito Shizuki (3 loyalty) At the beginning of ... end step ... entered the battlefield this turn... +1: Draw a card. Then discard a card unless you attacked this turn. -2: Create a 1/1 blue Ninja creature token with "This creature can't be blocked." -7: You get an emblem with "Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, search your library for a blue or black creature card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle."
Kokusho, from Kamigawa is probably one of my favorite card of MTG. Back in the days i did my first standard big tournament in Toulouse. I was playing monoblack Kokusho, cranial extraction, hideous laugher, hypnotizing spectre etc... Memories are hitting hard dude ! Cant wait to see what they gonna give us !! This Kamigawa theme is probably my favorite one
Sounds like the old PlayStation starting up
This looks good but crimson vow was like, 2 months ago
I NEED IT!!!
could make out most of the card besides the static, and not 100% sure on the emblem:  Kaito Shizo 1UB, 3 loyalty  Static: At the beginning of the end step .... entered the battlefield this turn ....  +1 - Draw a card. Then discard a card unless you attacked this turn. -2 - Create a 1/1 blue Ninja creature token with "This creature can't be blocked." -7 - You get an emblem with "Whenever a creature you control deals (combat?) damage to a player, search your library for a blue or black creature card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle."
This does not look like Magic the Gathering anymore. Disappointing. I don't mind alternate art cards with different characters outside the magic universe but I never thought I'd see magic actually lose it's identity. Likely the product of WotC trying to pump out too much content in a year and running out of ideas.
Nice
Siiiiiiiiiiiiick!!!
What is the song?
Please tell me that is a Cyberpunk Yuriko. Just take my money already.
nice
So THAT is why they cancelled the netrunner license. They just want to use the same theme and asthetics on this set!
They chopped up a card in the title sequence. A little Easter egg for us to enjoy once it gets pieced together
Cyber ninjas
This is not magic anymore
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Love seeing all the decrepit boomers still sucking on richard garfields teat rising up saying “ooooooo this isn’t magic this isn’t magic waaaaaaah” and then immedeately turning around to complain about a declining playerbase and a stale metagame. Which one is it, you guys? If this set could make magic even 10% more mainstream, the hobby would be better off. Love the out-of-the-box thinking, WOTC! Keep Magic Wierd!
ghost in the shell!!! Nice!!
This looks cool for sure. But sorry, I think Magic shouldn't be sci fi. Magic is fantasy, steampunk is nice because its closer to fantasy than cyberpunk. This just doesn't look or feel like MTG to me. The Brothers War will be much more fun to play with because of its awesome ties with MTG's lore.
This just makes me think of Fortnite
Ouphe calling it now this will be the set they release the secret lair featuring Fortnite
This is a really interesting direction Wizards of the coast is taking this and I’m digging it
Cyberfurros confirmed
Look the limited and standard experiences can’t get any worse then crimson vow… it wins by default.
Wake up, Planeswalker, we have a plane to burn.
Tells us virtually nothing. Or virtually something? Given all the holograms, it's hard to tell... In all seriousness, I am excited to return and see what's become of the plane. It's been millennia since our last major visit.
Very excited for the set but wished the trailer showed more
OH shit!
People act like kaladesh wasn’t mechanical lol.  I think this is really cool and hopefully has some fun cards to put in decks. I’m not one of those people who thinks every set needs broken commander staples to be good
as someone who just observes M:TG I'm not sure I'd buy this. But that's just my first impression.
Tired aesthetics
I mentioned this on other videos but in theory by this point most if not all of the major planeswalkers will be long dead as obviously the Mending insured there no longer immortal
Whatever that Planeswalker is he is black blue and costs black/blue and 1. He has some sort of attacking ability and he draws cards when creatures attack. At first I thought it was Jace but I can't tell
LETS GO KAMIGAWAW!!! NEON NINJA, SAMURAI, AND SPIRITS!!! INSANE ARTIFACTS!!!! I CANT WAIT
And here I was, thinking there was no going back to kamigawa...
Okay, my only hope is that they still use magic and don't go too hard with "hacking" and computers.  I would've prefered normal Kamigawa, but this makes me cautiously optimistic.
Glow in the dark dice?
This is the vibe.
wizards more scifi please
Please get Marcin Przybyłowicz, P. T. Adamczyk, Paul Leonard-Morgan to compose the music for the set. They are behind the soundtrack for Cyberpunk 2077.
Oh yes please. MORE!
Shadowrun, is that you?
Will it FIRE?
I both love it and hate it, love the cyber aesthetic and the colors so far. But I really enjoyed the old kamigawa art too and I’m worried we might not go back to it ever again
Ghost in the Shell, MTG edition
Guacala. Eso ya no es Magic
can we have raccoon tribals!? :D
🤢🤮
SPACE JAPAN!
Looking good wotc looking good
This is gonna be RAD 🔥
Im playing MTG Puzzle quest and cant wait to see this there!!!
Anyone else see parts of a planeswalker in 0:26 - 0:29, or is it just me?
Someone needs to start asking the really important questions, like is Kokusho gonna be back? Will players still have the ability to death-clone him as a legendary and sap a whole table of players? Will he have a secret K-Pop addiction??
This is cool
Ok i need this.
Yes, please.
Yooooo, was that The Wanderer??
Well thats a great teaser for their newest Android Netrunner set.
I was wandering about the wanderer
wow nice!
Glad to see you coming to my neck of the woods, chummers.
I'm so hyped for this set!!!!
"How can we make a Kamigawa set, but not actually make a Kamigawa set?" - Mark Rosewater.  Set looks pretty.
Wtf.....
What are you doing with mtg??
pog
Guess it means lots of artifacts ? :|
Definitely reminds of the bird people in Endless Space 2's dlc, mainly cause japan scifi aesthetic. Still though, looks very nice.
Pode vir carta ruim a vontade, eu amo Kamigawa de qlqr jeito kkk
LET'S FAKIN GOOOOOOOO
Torn between loving the cyberpunk aesthetic and hating that it's the Japanese plane that gets cyberpunk'd, because OF COURSE it's the Japanese plane that gets cyberpunk'd.
It can be very good with a strong direction but for now I'm just going to wait SF cyberpunk is not the first words that come to mind when describing magic (but hey Kamigawa was a polarizing set back in the day)
Stupid is this video!Old kamigawa are awsome!
Woww this is awesome
This is so BEAUTIFUL. The aesthetic is bold, I have a good amount of faith restored in the story after strixhaven and innistrad. Let's hope for the best! Also, WOW the Wanderer is giving Symone finale extravaganza at the season 13 finale, YES
Hell yeah!!!! Buying 2 set boxes
Hell YEA!!!!!!
It looks cool...but it doesn't feel like magic
very futuristic and modern looking! That's interesting!
This looks absolutely awesome.
At long last we finally return!!! TwT
This is drastically different than the  traditional MTG Plane setting.
I know some may not dig this direction, but I'm really excited for this!
I want a ninja panda that's green and has a white activated ability
sweet mmm...
Let's go!!
Just  Wtf bro ? XD
I don’t know what this is but it looks cool
The wanderer is finally here
Nice
Oh my
Holy shit this looks exciting!
*facepalm*
=-)
So we are heading to the future??
HOW DOES THIS HAVE 48K VIEWS IN UNDER A MINUTE WHAT
Bingus
Be sure to watch Weekly MTG at 2:30pm Pacific on http://twitch.tv/magic to see even more about Kamigawa: Neon Dynasty!
