Welcome to the terrifying world of fangs, fur, and very large medallions. It's Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees.  stream on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/album/0GOWf73AODnueap6qkvsOJ?si=7L6aAER3TqiNeUDO2jNhZg watch Stayin' Alive: https://youtu.be/MVkBd-WMzZw Only two songs this year (thanks to a certain health insurance video), which was quite painful due to my love of the Bee Gees and the fact that they made so many perfect songs for Halloween, but I hope you enjoy them nonetheless.
Ugly code can be a problem, but I do sometimes wonder if this isn't basically what the compiler is going to do to all the pretty code anyways
@1:25 a proto-wenis dance!
The tone shift between the man slowly waking up in the woods and the realisation creeping over him that something is deeply wrong, to the the sudden camp fursuit dancing, could be said to truly encapsulate the experience of being a werewolf
he is just SO LOCKED IN for the dance, like that's all one take?? jfc man
What do you call a group of werewolves that get together for disco? A pack? A disco party? A groove
We finally see the true Brian for the first time. We always knew he was a furry at heart
I cannot fully express how much I hate how much I love this video
Those blood on his clothes is just him killing it while dancing. Even the town council agrees he was guilty of the crime of slaying it.
I cannot tell you how many times I watched BDG dressed as a furry singing Bee Gees.
Robert Eggers' Werwulf (2026)
This is the best version of Tragedy
I love this so much
Cool can you do an accpallea cover of the Fur song from the sesame Street monster album version
The intermission at 1:30 is so very Jeff Wayne's War of the Worlds holy crap. Especially when that guitar kicks in all I can think of is what if but BDG
Look at this campy little dude, having a great time
After watching some 80s MV that was playing at a diner, special effects you would find in iMovie but never use, I had a sudden realization that's where BDG gets his inspo from 😆
I JUST REALIZED THE INTRO USES THE IRRESPONSIBLY ACQUIRED HURDY GURDY FOR THE FAINT MELANCHOLY STRINGS
Spook me Spook man!
ive been thinking about this video basically every day for almost two years now. thank you for once again invading my brain, bdg
There's a brand new dance based on an old phrase. It's called the Fat Dog and it will amaze!
Did the new beatlejuice film copy you? 🤔
This is the only version of this song I'll listen to now.
Just left beetlejuice 2 and came here to show my girlfriend a missed opportunity
I suffer from lycantrophy, these kind of videos are so so important.
Here again after Beetlejuice Beetlejuice
Just tryin to have a normal day only to stumble upon this monstrosity. It's not even Halloween yet and somehow I'm here with what I can only describe as "What does the Fox Say?" on ketamine....nice lyrics tho.
This is almost unbearably adorable.
yeah this video did something to me, thank you bdg
Winterking....winterking ...
I love that every chorus is Brian going absolutely ham with the dancing, and I also love the idea of Karen standing behind the camera watching Brian going absolutely ham in his werewolf costume
me, seeing BDG dancing like a madman in a wolf costume: Fucking beautiful, mate 🤌
Truly this is one of the greatest things on the internet.
Brilliant. A bop. Spooky season staple. Hairy?
I think bdg has nothing but banger singing skills
The wolf smiling like he has no care in the world while sing about tragedy.  I dont know how to put my reaction into words.
The irony is that wuth the beard you do actually kind of look like Michael Sheen who played Lucian in Underworld.
Is it bad that I prefer this to the original? 💀
Why is this a bop…
This is so relatable
A Scottsman lost in England
That costume is unreasonably cute
why does Brian look like Blackbeard from Our Flag means Death in the thumbnail
Download a poster image to stick it in my room (I know it has nothing to do with it but it's a context of how I discovered the music) and it was from Bee Gees from the vampire video and next to it the wolf came out And I decided to look for it on their channel until I ended up finding this work of art with a great dance so contagious that I even sang it at the top of my lungs in the early morning haha ​​God I didn't think it would be so good
*insert sad ass wolf paintings*
I'm not a fury
Damn, it's Fundy.
I was hopeing for another set this year, but I guess it doesn't have to be a yearly thing. I've got the previous two to enjoy
I think the most shocking thing about this one to me is how little needed to be changed. This one is to Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees what Under Attack was to AAAH!BBA
I’m praying he does KC & The Sunshine Band this year.
what the fuck did I just watch
That jacket is terrifying
It's a TRAGEDY that this video doesn't have more than a million views. It's so heckin hilarious!
im waiting. what are we getting next?
They always ask werewolf or whywolf but never howwolf
The time has come once more
Welp its that time of year again, hopes we get a couple of absolute banga's
This wolfie is so darn cute!
Coming back to these, tis the season.. pleeeease tell me you have some more covers coming out for this year's spoopy season?!
Ayo how much did that fursuit cost bro? Looks nice!
next up, scream queen?
Exciting part of Spooky season 2023, the hope of more spooky songs from BDG. ❤️
My favorite version. 🐺❤️
This does get me questioning.. Who's the next halloween themed artist to come up?
if an instrumental of this specific version comes out, i know exactly what i'm gonna be doing at my local drag show
I love your song so much.
Canf wait for BDG's halloween disco spooktacular 2023
IS THAT A JPOP DANCE YOU STOLE FROM JPOP IDOLS BEE DEE GEE??? YOU PUPPYBOY??? ANSWER MY EMAILS BEE DEE GEE.
BDG'S FURSONA!!!
Sure, the music's great but, when the moon is full and I can face my truest self, I come back to the video because I really just want to see Brian dance in his werewolf costume.
Everyone says "Werewolf!"  But no one asks "Why wolf?"
slay
The Whywolf is so much better at singing this than beegees were in my personal opinion, the deeper voice really ties it all together
I'm so glad you found another use for this coat haha
who made the original tradegy song?
This is beautiful, I've looked at it for hours now
Ohh! It’s a Bee Gees Halloween deal, never mind.😉
This has gotta be some Anime thing that I don’t understand…yet.✌️
As a literal life-long fan of the BeeGees, this rocked my socks in more ways than I could possibly count.  Brilliant!
Brian? Just write a musical already, will you?
listening to this as I played a werewolf in Daggerfall was fitting and fun.
I think about this song so much.
They always say werewolf, but they never ask howwolf.
...I just want to be in the room where BDG goes "so I HAVE an iDEA..."
This is me when I'm hooting and hollering with the boys.
This truly is such a great video - I only think of this version now whenever I hear the original 🥰
alternate universe what does the fox say
id like to think this entire video was inspired by finding that vintage coat in a thrift store
This is so silly that it's utterly enjoyable to watch. Goofy insanity with a bit of wit in it. Exactly what I love about you
oh my dear lord. utter perfection.
I've had this song stuck in my head all day
I come back and watch this every once in a while just to remember what real music is.
I feel like sometimes your job description is just  >has greenscreen and the balls to use it
There's an unbelievable amount of hype when the hunting mob starts chanting and singing along
This cover is breathtaking, by far the best on Youtube. It's so good I want to share it earnestly, but the video itself makes that impossible. Delectable! Amazing! Please never change!
One day I'll make a movie and cast BDG as a mad cultist, because his eyes say that he carries knowledge of eldritch powers which is too much for his frail body and mind.
finnaly what we all need in life furry brian
This is amazing
The least hated furry moment in all of existence
Bananas!
I'm hoping this year he does E.L.M.O. Electric Light Monster Orchestra
Brian, can I just say how eternally impressed I am with your absolute commitment to the bit.
I did not expect to see bdg in a fur suit today
Pure Gold!
This has to be someone's furry awakening
Isn't surprising that this was 3 months ago and I thought it was 11 years ago
This video really is a tragedy (visually) but outstanding vocally, lyrically and musically
dear bdg,  i know you will most likely not see this, but i must impart some incredibly important information and that can cause much joy for any who may read this personal address.   i do odyssey of the mind, which is hard to explain but the lack of context makes this better. this year we're scored on have three songs sung by a greek chorus because the problem this year is themed on the iliad. we took the prompt of a greek chorus singing 3 songs, and made it an entire beehive singing bee gee's parodies.   our first song is called "trashedy" and it's about trash falling down onto the bug olympics and trapping the queen bee, halting the bug olympics until our ragtag group of bugs can work together to save the day.  "trashedy! / trash wall is high and you don't know why it's / trashedy! / if the queen bee dies we meet our demise / we got no prayer / no one to save us from doom and despair"  i just felt you and anyone who may read this would illicit joy from this fact.
Is that the same fur coat from the pickle video?!?!!?
I can’t hear, read, or even think the word “tragedy” anymore without hearing it in BDG’s voice
Who else thinks this is better than the original?
There's something so viscerally, existentially horrifying about that wolf costume.
Lost it at the werewolf costume reveal
this is so good i wish they would put it in the next Just Dance game
This reminds me of the Jekyll and Hyde musical to a degree that is uncomfortable.
i would like to observe that the captions at around 1:05 say "[transforming-into-a-wolf noises]"  i just think that's great
It's not blood, it's margarita mix
I legitimately did not know that this is a Bee Gees song and not a Steps one 😂🫣
Listens to Ghost Popestar once 😂
Say what you want about Brian but at least he isn't weird or anything.
I feel like I could get off my antidepressants by watching this video twice a day
THE CROCS
I'm not joking when I say that I had an epiphony on song writing while consuming this piece of art.
That was excellent. Well worth my 3:57 minutes.
Tried to listen to a disco playlist and when it got to this song I discovered this was the only version I wanted to hear.
I've told my boyfriend how they're kinda becoming you in looks and artistry and they absolutely love it
Werewolfs be crying
Careful Brian your gonna start a howl off
I just wasn't expecting furry BDG to pop on screen
I first heard this song by CellDweller. Had no idea BeeGees made it first
I hate to say it but now I understand furries  Looking sharp Brian
<3<3<3
I really wasn't prepared for this to become my favourite cover of Tragedy.
BDG in a furry suit confirms that God is dead and there is no saving humanity
I definitely don't have this stuck in my head and I'm definitely not listening to it a week before Christmas that'd be crazy
Kinda wanna do a version of this wearing a fursuit.
Yo are you secretly part of the band The Altogether? Particularly in the song See the Day?
Does BDG love the bee gees or what? Lol, I like em too
Finally, a BDG furry arc
I'm sorry, but Werewolf Daddy Gilbert goes hard. I'm learning things about myself I wish I didn't.
Imagine this being on just dance
You are the most important guy in the world
BDG always gives me a warm feeling and also major Picnicface vibes
Hold up. Is that the same coat from the pickle video?! How have I never noticed that.
it's incredible how you can turn a Bee Gees song comedic by just lowering the verse an octave
bdg's dancing looks like he's vamping (lol) for time
This video came out in October, Spotify wrapped is at the end of November. I looped this and Stayin Alive so many times in that month that they made it to  my top-songs chart ;) some absolute bangers
holy shit, Brian
I love his voice
Hey i have adhd and i just watched your Polygon how to increase your stamina video and i know it was a while ago but considering that and your other content i would suggest possibly getting an adhd assessment done i know this is none of my business but since i couldn’t find anyone else who mentioned it i just wanted to make sure that you where aware that might be a logical step to take
My next Halloween costume is going to be this. The crocs really add to it.
so which production of Into the Woods did you steal that outfit from
Wow, this piece gives me the Hee Bee Gee Bees.
is this moe?
The crocs are the pièce de résistance
I want James and Sirius, in magical costume, performing this for Remus as he sighs and shakes his head and tries to play off his blush as embarrassment and not because Sirius with cute doggy accessories is doing things to him he doesn't want to understand. Please and thank you.
HOLY SHIT. KIN
2010 Youtube vibes
It's good to have such a versatile coat. For weird pickles and werewolves. All occasions.
YouTube didn't notify me of this and I'm furious
God we have so many camp vampires... at last, a camp werewolf...
I can’t believe 1million subscribed to this, and I’m one of them
how are there two full moons in a row
man dances like a certain splatoon idol
why is it why wolf if people are asking where to find the supposedly why wolf that people call where? also, isn't it were, as in past, so it would be were wolf, aka: you were a wolf but now that it is day, so it would be were wolf. if it were night it would be is wolf. so, to sum it up, it would not be why or where, as neither applies to a wolf. it would, instead, be were wolf at day as it was previously a wolf and the second person past-tense version of be and at night it would be neither why or where wolf but instead iswolf, as it is at the current moment a wolf.
Is this ABBA's new album?
NGL I still can't stop listening to this
i think you getting a consistent amount of views and getting over a million on half of them is insane. i only know 2 people who would consistently get so many views, and they would be markiplier and mr beast. your content is some of the best on this website and i thank you so much for that.
that was a lot of dance moves in a really fuzzy jacket I bet you're like sans toxins
can I make a request for a follow up video for 2twinz where they're all homeless but they also do synchronized boyband moves? and then Dale is there at the end to bring them food.
some total jerkwad said my laugh was gross-
it's just too cute...
I really enjoy the facial expressions at around 2:17, it gives very "I'm sorry, my pet is a just a giant goofy ball of chaos"  Also, the wolf costume is really cute
【﻿ｐｒｏｍｏｓｍ】
The dancing is top notch and just makes it for me. The flopping ears!!!
Whywolf
Surprised Bee Dee Gee didn't do a cover of How Deep is Your Love starring either a Lovecraftian Deep One or the Creature from the Black Lagoon
I watched this whole thing because of my enthusiasm for the name Hee Bee Bee Gees. I don't think there could possibly be a better way to come out as a furry than this. Congratulations.
halloween music is my favorite genre now
It's hard to bear so he decided to wolf
Oh yeah. She's going on the spotify playlist 👍
Human brian: "I am in agony, alone and hunted. Tormented by this curse I cannot stop. It is lonely, to be a monster." Wolf brian: "Oh the bitches on tiktok are gonna loooove this ;))))"
Hey, is that bed still for sale??
NOOOOO how deep is your love and immortality would've had so much potential!!!! Please continue this for next year if you have time
Im so happy the fur coat from the feeling you get when you bite in to a squishy pickle video found new life!
Fitting for the lunar eclipse that is happening at 6:59 pm.
1 MILLION!!!!!!
I think im a furry now.
I didn't know I needed BDG hip-thrusting while dressed as a furry, but I now feel complete.
Everything Brian touches is gold
This is fucking amazing
Congrats on 1 million subs BDG You earned it dude
I look forward to “Even Bonier M” next year.
Congratulations on 1M! You Deserve It
YAY, ONE MILLION
YAY ONE MILLION FUCK YEAH
Oh shoot 999k subs, let's gooo!
This better not awaken anything in me……….   Dammit.
Almost at 1,000,000 million BDG fiends! Come on people, you know you like…whatever the hell this is!
PLEASE START A CAMEO I BEG YOU
He’s almost at 1M. Do it, homies.
YO YOU'RE ALMOST AT 1M SUBSCRIBERS
This is so cute, well-made, and fun! Ty BDG and friends.
the werewolf moves have Just Dance energy to them
What is this why am I watching this in 5:33 in the morning
i don't know why i need this so much right now, but i watch it a few times every day
I love this a lot! 😄
I'm glad BDG exists
Can’t wait for next year when we get The Creature From the Black Lagoon singing How Deep is Your Love
UWU ❤️
This feels like the spiritual sequel to What Does the Fox Say
It’s been nearly a fortnight since this was released and I’ve only just realised that BDG is wearing crocs in his werewolf form. This greatly discomforts me.
You kind of look like edgar allen poe from epic rap battles of history stephen king vs edgar allen poe
Wait this is sick
The funny thing is that with the internet you could find an almost unlimited supply of people queueing up to love a wolf man covered in hair
Extreme “Mike Meyers as Cat-in-the-Hat” energy
don't quit
bdg should do Tears for Fears next year I think it would fit good
I want you to know that every time I read an angsty paranormal romance with werewolfs these is going to play rent free in my brain, and I kind of mad about it but I also love it
you really gotta colab with Tom Cardy 🎃
relistening to his cover albums and desperate for a Rocky Horror Picture Show cover now lol
fkin femboys
it says 300,000 views but we really know its like 300 of us that have watched it a thousand times.
He just look so unironcally happy when he pops up as a wolf it's infectious
HE CARAMELLDANSENED
Can’t wait to see BDG at the next furcon
Where's the rest!?
Funnily enough, this was released the day my partner broke up with me. Ouf
hi....
Got some real what does the wolf say vibes
My mental being was not ready for Brian David Gilbert in a wold costume
masterpiece, and the ear and head bob at 3:20 always gets me.
is werewolf brian wearing crocs? if so i respect that
I don’t know if you have any plans for next year, but I Think We’re Alone Now by Tiffany really needs your treatment. It’s not quite disco, more 80’s pop, and there would be zero lyric changes necessary. You’d just probably need to in order to meet legal parody things
Dude. My man. I fucking love the bee gees.
a man of the theatre.
Brian stop it. You are having too much fun XD
why is this so perfect?  I've listened to it like three times today.
That beard makes Brian super hot.
Amazing costuming, dancing, and captions as always XDXD
This is so perfect
Of all the things I love about this song, the period-accurate aspect ratio is a very good detail
I love this and I hope Halloween disco becomes a tradition.
I've been listening to the AAAH!BBA songs all year. I love the songs and waited patiently for this Halloween for more. My wish has come true, even if it wasn't exactly what I planned, but I love it and just thank you!  thanks for these masterpieces Brian...   Now, if you excuse me, I'll listen to this on loop
i was scared when you left polygon..... my fears were misguided
Can we get in the future the full version of dale's solo in twinz squared?
I'd probably like this more if you weren't wearing a real fur coat :/
:D
I had tragedy stuck in my head and I found your staying alive video. Now I'm here. Amazing
Nothing could have prepared me for that first chorus. I haven't laughed this much in a while :D
Now I can say that BDG is my spirit animal
Even my mother, who does not speak any English and didn't know the original song, liked it
No words. Just love.
the first chorus costume change was a jumpscare i didnt recover from until the song was halfway over
The furry community is shaking, crying, throwing up rn
this makes me so happy, thank you!!
holy shit furry bdg
Tragedy performed by "Why-wolf" not "were"
The wolf costume successfully gave me the Bee Dee Gee Hee Bee Bee Gees.
I’m not ashamed to admit that when BDG emerged with an adorable puppy face costume, I made a sharp pitched cut off laugh that scared my cat.
Is that the coat from that feeling when you bite into a pickle and its a little bit squishier than you expected?
I really want a BDG and Starkid collab about this...
Awww what a cute wolfie ! This was adorable. :)
When I listened to this on spotify I didn't imagine that that's the video.
Thanks for the Carameldansen, lil shoutout to 2010 furry culture…
nice fursuit bro👍
New hot Tiktok dance just dropped
PUPPY BOY
Literally no one: Brian David Gilbert: *Living his best life*
I'm not a furry, but
I'm not sure if it's the music, the costumes, or the sheer disco aura but Brian has gotten scarily attractive in this new era of Hee Bee Bee Gees
Came back to listen to your previous Halloween hits and lo and behold.
awwwww look at that lovely puppy!!
Furry brian furry brian
Brian, do this forever!
The fact that his hair looks like The Bee Gees is hilarious.
@1:32 is that fucking caramelldansen
My eyes have rarely beheld such chaotic perfection. Thank you.
An absolute masterpiece. I actually fell out of my chair with that first transition to the werewolf.
This was already an excellent Bee Gees song, but this is even better. Staying Alive is good, but not quite Tragedy, also today I learned what the title was of the original. I like the Bee Gees more than ABBA, so way to go. Can't wait for 2-3 more of these.
My mom hated these last year, I thought they were pretty funny though.
Furry?
What do you say at christmas with family after making such a video
God I can't stop listening.
bdg looks so anthropomorphic
Got atuck in my head so here i am back again
This is amazing, and I hope that werewolf goes on to become a top-ranking bard.
Can we just appreciate how good of a grip BDG has on disco dance moves?
the goofy dance kills me
WHY WOLF NOT WHERE GOT ME IN MY VERY SOUL
The Fursona comes to us all... Sometimes, through the bite of another lycanthrope
You're the cutest werewolf ever🤣
Fanfic writers and r34 artists are going to have a bloody field day with this one 😬
listening to this while doing chem homework really helps me understand the material
i'm gettin heebie jeebies
Tis the season
Thanks for the banger, Brian David Furbait
I love discotwink werewolf man so much, definitely my favourite character in the BCU (Brian Cinematic Universe)
BDG's Furry Arc
I'm sitting here watching this thinking..... We support this man financially. We are partially responsible for this existing. 😂
This is excellent, though I would have gone with More Than a Woman done as “More Than a Full Moon”. This is still a highlight to my spooky season. Never give up the horror disco, BDG.
This has been stuck in my head for days
This is SO FREAKING CUTE
Whenever the chorus comes on my boyfriend shakes me around and makes me dance and it makes me giggle, thank you for the tragedy werewolf dance!!!
I'm loving this dynamic between the I'm-having-a-really-tough-time-right-now human form and the Lol-dude-not-my-problem-I'm-a-wolf-rawr-XD-go-cry-about-it wolf form
This had better not awaken anything in me 🐺
This one is deceptively addictive. Definitely my favourite of them all so far. Hoping for more BDG'sHBBGs next year!
That anime finger waggle dance
(furry feelings intensify)
The fact that I recently was going to plan to runa Vampire the Masquerade game just as this thing came out is not a coincidence but a sign.
i lov u
I just love all his silly faces throughout this lol. Thanks again BDG for a wonderful October!
BDG just looks SO HAPPY in that werewolf costume.
I'm hoping that you mean for "hee bee jee bees" to be read like Jim Carrey's Grinch
the difference between man bdg and whywolf bdg hit me like i was watching a horror movie and the antagonist werewolfed into Goofy
how was it this version of the song and BDG singing "night and day" at 2:03 that finally cued me in how similar the beginning of the melody is to Julee Cruise's Nightingale
Omfg it's the zjierb coat
Mmm okay 👍
Brian David Gilbert pls never stop posting unhinged nonsense I love it
werewolves are just an excuse to be a furry in public on halloween
It's good to see that fur coat again
Decoy Octopus? Is that you?
This was so good I just yelled OH MY GOD in pure joy when the werewolf popped up
Top ten videos released within the last year that harken you back to the early days of youtube
Found out through this about the existence of Tragedy by Bee Gees. I can't believe "when you lose control/and you got no soul" was already in there. This cover is perfect.
Yet again, BDG has masterminded a version of a song that I like about %8000 better than the original.
3:02 that arms up shake’n’spin part is my favorite dance in the song.
I love the super floppy wolf ears. Omg
I’d like to think The Queen is smiling down on this moment in history
seeing bdg dance with cute little floppy ears has awakened something in me
Wow that wolf section was something special
I love you Brian
how did you edit this I would want to burn the footage thank you for posting it's the best thing ever
I just realized he's Carmelladansen a little and I really appreciate that
that werewolf looking very zjierb
🙅‍♂TRAGEDY 🙅‍♀
I love this so much
Lost it when the 'wolf' popped up.
can we just appreciate that there were no cuts during the wolf dance. man is killing it in one take!
Now that's a sexy bassline.
SQUEEN! NEXT YEAR
the caramelldansen won me over
oh hell yes return of the zjeerb coat!!!
really enjoying those good mid 2000s vocaloid video moves brian
What makes this even funnier is that if you actually look at the Bee Gees' album cover, they literally look like they could be werewolves!😂
A Masterpiece!!
Dead ass would buy a full album
this song has been stuck in my head since it got uploaded
I really wish there had been more Bee Gees songs done, but I'm glad we got to see bdg as a furry.
these are all such genuine bops I can't even pretend that I like this ironically
1:32 gives me a feeling I can't describe
I just realized Stayin Alive is the only Bee Gees song I know
I wonder if Brian was feeling zjierb when he made this because I think that's the same coat lol
This felt like the most interesting blend of ABBA music and "Turning Red" movie vibes, love it
That could be fresh real human blood stained on the collar of his shirt and y'all would never know the difference. Or care. There's not much actual talent here to begin with. Guess who the joke is on, audience? You.
YES!!! I’ve waited all year to see if you’d release more!!!
Caramelldansen and BDG are two things I never expected would mix
Really appreciate the lyrics in the video; I have trouble understanding vocals sometimes in music and have to look up written lyrics
I like how the werewolf is a dog and not a wolf
This makes me feel.....Zjierbness
Best part of Halloween are these covers, hand to god
The fact that you referenced the nightcore version of the caramelldansen is shattering me
Shout out to jan Misali for introducing me to Caramelldansen so I could get that reference here.
With this being so short, I turn to the original, but it just doesn't hit the same.
This song absolutely bangs
Damn I can't thank Brian enough for introducing me to the absolute banger that is tragedy <3 luv ya
1:32 That Caramell Dansen dance fits oddly well here.
Two bdg videos in one day, both beegee’s songs, i can’t handle this heat man i might coom my pants
Werewolf transformation is a natural antidepressant
The damn coat is so so so iconic at this point 😭
My favorite commitment to the bit is the 4:3 aspect ratio.
I have watching this video three times now and every time TRAGEDY makes me laugh so hard
I want to turn back time just to be able to experience 1:07 for the first time again
It's feeling like a Bearded Brian Halloween.
that costume is hilarious. I can't get over it. I love it so much.
i love all the townsfolk quips. beautiful work
What the heck, that was such a cute werewolf outfit ahahah plus I love the dancing!
I would have expected the depiction of the wolf to be something more frightening, but... actually, yeah, no, I think I would be more terrified to encounter this werewolf than any other.
No the caramelldansen dance moves
It sounds like 80% of vocaloid songs
what even
The fact that this is not the first video in which he has worn that fur coat is staggering
It has been _far_ too long since I’ve listened to the original. Found I really liked trends of that era off of Time|Life’s “Sounds of the 70’s” [sic] CDs, and have kept this and a dozen or so others in my media players over the years. Thank you for a two-fold treat, Bee Dee Gees.
Well, that's one way to come out as a furry.
I hope this doesn’t awaken anything in me
Thanks for that! It made me smile!
I really like having you adding more visuals to the song. I like the songs last year but 4 of the videos had simple videos. Hope we get more of this next year
YEEEEES
😂😂😂 WOAH
I'm now a furry but only for BDG
why is this a legitimate bop i need it on spotify
bdg x subwoolfer collab when~? i think this wolf and those wolves would be friends <3
I think I downloaded the wrong Werewolf by Night...
You're at perfect peace at the prospect of the same fate?
I am living for these covers, never change BDG
I love that horror is usually based on taking something we are comfortable with and making it scary and this is essentially taking a scary thing and making it a fucking bop. I only want Halloween like this
This is so fucking funny I'm actually crying right now
Thank you Brian, you create pure joy
Okay, once I get Gauss commissioned, I'm going to have to practice the moves.  Also, you have to do this at convention.
brian...I think you may have been put on this earth to do bee gees cover songs. your voice is PERFECT for it!!!! also love the caramelldansen dance in the middle lol
As absolutely astounding as we all know this is, and dont get me wrong Im looking forward to more; but nothing can beat Pumpkin Cowboy.
BDG out here recreating What Does the Fox Say, but better
You can slowly watch the life and soul drain from his eyes the longer he spends dancing in that costume and I love it
why does it sound like Brian is being chased by the Piss Constable
This had better not awaken anything in me
100% the ears fell by mistake and Brian improvised that it was part of the transformation back
I love everything about this
that wolf was so Kawaii!
Hope Barry sues you
GENIUS!!!
You look like you're having the time of your life in this, keep on keeping on my guy
You had these costumes already.
I've just remembered that Brian can't really wink
just when i thought BDG couldn't get any more dreamy, I heard that falsetto
Oh Great another Video of Brian, I sure hope it doesn't awaken a part of my sexuality i didn't knew!
We had movie directors such as Orson Welles an George Lucas who pushed movie storytelling to what it is now. Nowadays, during the era of youtubes and such,  we have such geniuses as Neil Ciciriega and David Lee Gilbert and I'm so happy to witness what they are doing.
A beautiful metaphore. A Manifesto. Activism against anti-furry violence like never before seen.
this is a banger and i am vibing and shaking my hits and twirling- are these symptoms of being a werewolf
Man, bdg makes a great furry!
This man was straight-up caramelldansen as a furry. This is the level of confidence we should all aspire to.
wait, was that a move a reference to Ricardo Milos?
this werewolf has very uwu puppy vibes
mom im bisexual
not my proudest cry
BDG's in his catboy (wolfboy) era and I'm here for it
Damn scrungly bdg has got it going on
I've been waiting all year for this 😭❤️❤️ Every hip thrust doubles my will to live💕
"It's why wolf not where" sent me
x'DDD I love that he's doing the caramelldansen as a werewolf. That makes me so happy.
Missed opportunity for “The Hee Bee Gee Bees” but still amazing
Everyone is always asking "Where wolf?"   But never "How's wolf?"  That's the real tragedy..
Thank you Karen 💕
Brian I love this for you
the reveal of the werewolf outfit transported me to 2013 and the What Does the Fox Say music video
BDG: I'm doing another horror-disco album! Me, thinking back 10 years ago or so when I saw a glam-metal Bee Gees tribute band called Tragedy: God, I hope he does the Bee Gees next...  And lo and behold, he did, and it slapped.
This IS SUCH A BANGER
The factual part of this video is that werewolves really do wear crocks
He's done it again, you fuckers
BDG'sHeBBG's is amazing
The second you revealed that you were wearing shorts with the werewolf costume I was thrown for a fuckin loop. Idk why that’s what shocked me out of everything
Too much 40K in my life. I heard the villagers and my brain just imagined Space Orks.
great job making a stronger bass line than the original. this slaps!
I half expected a full fursuit but this is better
I didn't expect to see BDG, dressed as a werewolf, essentially doing the caramelldansen dance. I should have..
Is like a furry
You’re my favourite person ❤
I was not expecting the return of these. I'm so pleased.
the font used made "v" look like "b" and as a spanish speaker "lobing you" made a great pun for this specific case
Brian I love your fursuit!
Beautiful costuming as always
This is so appreciated.  Thanks much everyone ;w;
Thinking about the folks who subscribed after the health insurance video but didn't watch any older videos right now
utterly amazing what youve done
this is a slapper for sure very good my man
that wolf costume has no right being that cute
I love this
Best werewolf in ages.
I’m actually insanely surprised as to how well BDG can pull of costumes. It’s truly awe inspiring.
brian Instead of making something for Christmas just make more Bee Dee Gee songs and pretend it's still Halloween. We have enough Christmas, give us more Halloween spooky stuff in place of it. Please.
im in my furry era now sadly
giving me very dipper pines
Can a man not dress up like an animal without getting called a furry smh my head…
Man, I fucking love BDG.
the lyrics have no right to be this clever. you freaking genius.
I hope this is leading to an entire Halloween disco album
hahahaha :) I love you man ! You are so pure!
God i love the bee gees way more than ABBA, maybe it's that they're australian. Wish there was more Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees
We have entered the era of Beardy G
Is that the same coat from when you bit into that one pickle?
Oh my gosh I'm so happy this is becoming a tradition! I love your halloween spoofs and listen to them all the time.
We thank you for these gifts you have bestowed upon us
Suddenly Cheerful Furry BDG caught me so off guard I was crying with laughter 🤣
....        So glad he found his fursona ^^
bdg furry era???😳
I want to see your fursona
Omg these are amazing
Furry
Can we talk about how almost every line here is a pun?
this is literally either the best or worst thing you've ever done with no in between
Damn. Two in one day?
Im team jacob now <3
At least three minutes of this video is BDG dancing perfectly to the beat with actual goddamn choreography. I don't know why I didn't expect that, but it made me very happy.
ngl digging the beard.
AMAZING. Also I want so badly to see the raw green screen footage with no music
This is the kind of shenanigans the web is for! Splendidly done 👏
Bee Dee Gee says Legalise Awoo!
Yes please.
Is anyone else getting major Bill Bailey vibes?
please GOD tell me one of these bee gees songs is nights on broadway
The fist part of the song sound like a Disney anti-hero song
The fur! I don't know what I was expecting, but it wasn't that!
I love how this fur coat is the same one from the pickle video, BDG FASHION CONTINUITY FTW
In which we are introduced to BDG's fursona.
You've really cornered the "stuff I would expect to be edited to something copyrighted on Sony Vegas 9 in 2010" category of YouTube music videos.
You know what you've done.
I have been so excited for the new songs to drop
A+
Heavily hoping that next year could be Earth, Wind, Fire and more FIRE
This is f*king awesome!
I love how thick and lustrous the wolfman's coat is.
Thank you bdgwolf
Brian's been killing it, lately.   Edit: sorry, I re-read my comment. I'm wrong, Brian's always killing it. Just in a fun, Halloween way, recently.
This is going to take up my entire mind for the rest of my life, thank you.
I understand furries now
2 or 3 songs every year and soon we will have a full album
I'm so happy you found another reason to wear that coat
i have totally not sent this and the Staying Alive videos to my Curse of Strahd D&D group as "official campaign handouts".
That costume reveal holy fucking shit brian
Ah yes, the werewolf tale as an allegory for being ashamed of one's sexuality or afraid of societal persecution. What a classic.
Inside of you are two wolves, that’s why you’re body hurts so much
You're a very cute wolf, mr BDGHBBG
Can’t wait for SQueem next year
I hate(love) this so much it's gonna blow up and be huge or some shit
More Halloween parody! YES!
2:10 That feeling when you wake up and you're like "gosh dang it, I turned into a werewolf again, didn't I"
The aspect ratio is just *chef kiss*
I’m smiling way too hard lmao I hope there’s more
Everyone always asks Werewolf, but noone ever asks Howwolf 😥
Whywolf and the stayin' alive vampire are lovers
How does he do it
Everyone asks "where is the wolf", but nobody asks, "why is the wolf."
just trashed my room in tge middle of the night as a searched frantically for my headphones to hear this year's repertoir 👌🏼💖🌝
WHY WOLF NOT WERE??????  i hate that u wrote this line and not me
I also turn into a flamboyant furry during the full moon. What a coincidence.
looks like crash bandicoot
Love how the werewolf sings differently in his man and wolf forms
Werewolf is giving me Russell Simmons vibes (in a good way). Would totally be here for a werewolf fitness class
I recognized some moves from Caramelldansen.
why is ur warewolf is on cocaine, brian?
pog
Was this the same coat from from the Zjierb video?!?
If you were to continue this series, how about: How Deep Is Your Grave (sung by a zombie) Hyde Talkin' (sung by Dr. Jekyll) Night Fever (I guess a vampire or werewolf again but come on)
The Bee Gee's having more banger songs than just Stayin' Alive is the real *Tragedy* here
Hope this becomes an ongoing tradition, gets me in the spooky mood. I would love a vampire version of Self Control by Laura Branigan - the perfect hit for those who only do night times and have self control issues
Brian, Karen, and Scott, you are amazing.  I have no words other than howls of joy.
Excellent as always Brian!
IT’S WHY WOLF, NOT WHERE IKYK U ATE THATTTTT
thank you for doing this again
omg this is absolutely amazing!!!!! the different ways you sing work so perfectly for this song!!!
Can't wait to hear you sing You Should Be Dancing by Bee Gees someday, you got an amazing voice X3
Your werewolf dances like a Just Dance guide
I'm not sure what this is but I'm glad it exists.
Prediction: It’s Raining Men is next
BRIAN I LOVE YOU
you know, like, nya!
BDG furry arc unlocked
Losing it when bdg does caramelldansen 😭💕
the crocs really make the outfit
i really like this
Absolutely here for the wicked jams and wicked captions
Oh my god this is exquisite
this is beautiful a true work of art. the Bee Gees crown has been snatched and theres no getting it back.
... is... is the wolfman wearing crocs?
Dis a bop
I’d love an answer.   Did BDG have the idea and then find the coat?  Or   Did BDG find the coat and then have this idea?
honestly the only improvement possible here could have been a full fursuit
So you're like... earning a living and shit?  Where tf do I sign up
I NEED more BDG doing the caramelldansen dance
I need a 3 bdg-wolf moon Tshirt haha
thanks for covering this and making me aware of the original. i love it very much.
“it’s why wolf, not where” is a fucking incredible line
What a day
Local wolfman terrorizes village with funky fresh beats
Man, the timing on those melodic howls. Fine work, Jonah 8))
Okay but the ear bobbing is perfect
Someone needs to do a welfare check on Brian. He’s always been a bit off his hinges but this is just.
I’m glad that coat is gracing us with its divine presence again
Aw hell naw they done made brian david gilbert a furry
FURRY BDG FURRY BDG FURRY BDG
Every Halloween album has that one song that I unironically like more than the original
post wolf clarity
love the witcher look!
can't believe it's been a year.
What fresh, fetid hellscape have I borne witness to?!
Therapist:  Your sleep paralysis demon in the form of DogBoy BDG isn’t real, he can’t hurt you My sleep paralysis demon in the form of DogBoy BDG: 🎶Tragedy🎶
Did not expect this to be such a banger tho
Bee dee gees hee bee gee bee bee gees
I'm glad we got to see that jacket again. I always thought it'd be a one off thing.
I’m having flashbacks to What Does the Fox Say
This is a bit too furry adjacent for my taste
Oh my god
!!
guys what should bdg do for his 1m subs reveal
your upper register is so beautiful 😍
this is so unbelievably cute!! sent this to my friend :)
You always deliver such a gorgeous work, thank you so! S2
oh my god HE'S SO CUTE
incredible
"*Bad English Accent*"
"Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees" Liked for that title alone
What a king! ✨✨
this is giving what does the fox say vibes
The real Tragedy is that we'll probably have to wait a whole year to get more spooky disco music
he did carameldansen...
this is some furry shit
He put his whole wolfussy into this 🐺
I see how this is going. First Aaaaaahhhba, now Hee Bee Bee Gees…  What do you say to some Electric Fright Orchestra next year? 😂
He sounds like he needs to be in The Count Of Monte Cristo musical
Can't wait until we get to More than a Wolfman.
The spooky disco music from bdg is my favorite tradition of all time. Also I am fully in love with that man.
I'm so happy this has become an annual thing.
(hooting and hollering from the boys)
Is it me or is this in 4x3
The part where BDG's ears fell off and he stumbled for a minute, but then carried on is gold.
I was smiling the whole time but when you started to basically carameldansen I absolutely cracked up
The 2022 version of What Does the Fox Say
I liked the part where he was just dancing caramelldansen
the fact you can tell by the look in his eyes he's trying really hard to remember his choreography
Wow
Why y’all gagging? He bring it to you every [Halloween] season!!  For real though BDG thank you for giving us some treasures this year again
These are some Just Dance level moves he’s got going one
This is beautiful work.
I hope this is the spiritual sucessor to Aaahbba! because this is hilarious. Whywolf should make more songs.
I am actively jealous of the people for whom THIS is their first Brian David Gilbert video 😝
wolf brian is pure perfection
the fact that we got furry brian makes me think one day we might see maid dress brian
I was not ready for the wolf and if you say you were you are lying
Still a better love story than Twilight…. Lol🎃
Some have said “on all levels except physical, I am a wolf”  BDG, in werewolf mode: “I can fix that”
Choreography on point
This motherfucker is actually caramelldansen in a wolf costume. What a glorious bastard.
as i watched, I was thinking, "oh boy, BDG is really taking this narrative singing a bit too seriously maybe he's gone to the other side of parody where its not that funny anymore", and then he bounces in during the chorus with that fabulous fur jacket and THOSE EARS and those those hips and... I don't know why I ever doubted you BDG.
the dancing on this one is just, so good
Hey man this has made my month. Thanks for all the great content! I did really need this after losing someone close to me so basically never give up on your dreams and thank you.
Alpha shit
Can I get this on the Just Dance?
I knew he was a furry
Apart from being obscenely catchy, it's really nice to hear Brian belting a little more! I can definitely hear more power in there than before :)
Every transfemme knows how much of a tragedy it is to be covered in hair...
My dad has those same crocs
Now this is gender
Lol the transformations
I didn't think I'd see BDG in a makeshift fursuit with no pants on.
He's just a silly little guy
what is this mixing?
This does pose an important question... WHY wolf?...
Ain't you supposed to be a lamb tho 🤣
Oh my god, this is even more perfect 😂😍
Thank you. Thank you, so much for this.
I bet this video is a special kind of wild if you're high on drugs.
I would have loved to see this role played by Brutalmoose, the true werewolf in my heart.
This sounds like if Andrew Lloyd Webber wrote a musical about werewolves
Magnificent!!! 🌚
This is going to be firmly stuck in my head for the rest of the month.
How they managed to do this without laughing themselves silly i don't know
He all did this Just because he became his own Boss, made his own hours and worked from home and you can do that to
Okay but... why the crocs.
I like to imagine a world in where this funky lil guy lives in the Footloose town and the townsfolk are coming to bring him to groovy jail.
the werewolf is really giving me camp counselor energy running on 3 red bulls
i hate this thank you
I almost had a stroke trying to read the video title
somebody give BDG a lycantrophy
Love the beard, looks sick asf. Also Jonah's part in making this is... Oddly on theme
What? Hell yeah!! What?!?!
i love that they said "it's hard to BEAR" in a forest
The adorableness of that wolf costume really caught me off guard
Wow! BDG always commits!
My favourite part of this incredible performance is the narrative implying that the townsfolk are hunting the wolf not for crimes of murder, but just for dancing so vigorously each full moon
best thing ever
You’re officially my mom’s second favorite YouTuber, one step below Markiplier
I've watched this twice and I still can't figure out if the ears falling off was an accident or on purpose.
The budget thrift store were wolf fuckin' killed me! Too funny.
Big day for the furry community, BDG has joined the ranks
Wow hell yea
BDG is really showing his Just Dance prowess off in this one
Good job Bryan, love Tyler(your uncle)
Oh god i can hear the furries coming to ruin these wholesome vibes
:)
this is scarier than any halloween media ive seen to date
Truly monstrous dance moves
something about these being in the 4:3 aspect ratio just makes them even better
Best so far!
I KNEW IT WAS GONNA BE THE BEE GEES
Not only is this the most banger cover of this song in history, it's also now an iconic trans anthem
I like how the human is a true tragic romantic hero, in the classical sense, and the wolf is just a lil' scamp
This dancing is giving me Vince Noir
My what does the fox say
Just wrote your own disco opera. The world needs it.
bee dee gee's hee bee gee bees come on brian
The song actually works with the weirdly cute look. It is a tragedy in the best of Opera traditions. BDG you have impressed me as always.
God Dammit. The shitty fursuit paired with anime ass dance and the sudden transition to falsetto killed me on impact XD  I can’t imagine anything better LMFAO (Laughing my Furry Ass Off)
I think i just had a religious experience
Why did wolf brian make me just ever so slightly uncomfortable?
Hey, I recognize that coat!
man with chronic furryism. i mean that is neither a werewolf nor a lycanthrope it is a fox or a bear or a werecougar at most. never been less scared in my life
I didn't think Abba monsters could be topped but Bee Gees monsters has a chance this song slaps.
There's no way he didn't already have the jacket
how does he do it
I can't fuckin believe this I don't have words to describe the feeling I felt as I saw Brian emerge with that costume
*checks notes*  Yup, I'm definitely a furry now
I didn't know I needed this
YES YES YYES YE SYES YES YES
"It's why wolf, not where" is peak lyrical brilliance.
Stayin Alive made me question my sexuality. This brought me right back on track.
At first I wasn't sure how I was feeling about this, but I'm so glad I stuck around. This shit SLAPS!
bdg furry era lets goooooo
Last year’s AAAH!BBA got me into ABBA big time. Before it, I had no idea what an ABBA was, but now, I’ve heard all of their songs, and I watched Mamma Mia 50 times in the course of a few weeks. I’ve only heard two Bee Gees’ songs before, those being Stayin Alive and Walking Back to Waterloo. But I imagine that that will soon change (and also that my family will get sick of Saturday Night Fever).
a furry icon
OH MY GOD A NEW BATCH BRIAN YOU SPOIL US
The best  album returns today
fucking caramelldansen
It's the hottest version of Barf (from Spaceballs) that I have seen, and he is serenading me.
bdg as a furry has scarred me
This is my midnight
Finally, some good Halloween music.
That is one terrifying werewolf.
the caramell dansen... 100/10
when the full moon comes out, bdg turns into a japanese idol
brought to you by brian david giilbert; what does the fox say?
This gives off mad just dance vibes
Sir this was such am unbridled power move and I thank you
This is the scariest thing I have seen this Happy Halloween
confirmed furry
This song is so zjerb
By Jove I think he's finally lost it
This is the weirdest mating dance I've seen in a while
This is literally the representation of the gay furry virus they us warned about, and we should blast it to Time Square !! Thanks BDG to make so beautiful videos & song, they're joyful, sorrowful and most importantly, surprisingly weird and charming
Very excited for BDG's Disco Furry arc
Everyone asks werewolf, but nobody ever asks how'swolf
Didn’t know werewolves were so good at Just Dance moves, goddamn
The next Just Dance game actually looks pretty good.
Is this your way of telling us you’re a furry?
I had a lot of fun saying this video title.
Look I have no qualms with furries (I go down on one every chance I get and have for years); it's just, is a why wolf REALLY a furry?
Next year I hope we get I Started a Joke, performed by Scary Clown
Thank you for elevating Halloween each year 🙏🙏😭😭
I waited the whole year for this and I'm not disappointed. Only in sorrow that it's going to end.
This is a treat! Thank you so much~~
He dances like me fr
The contrast of how he tried to cover his entire upper body in fur and then wear nothing but shorts, displaying his pristine smooth legs is killing me.
Not caramelldansen 😂
at last!!!! Furry BDG!!!
okay this is epic
Awooo
YES
all that biking on twitch was just cardio training for this role as wolfman.
BDG you are the only person in this house who understands me
Everyone always asks werewolf but not howwolf 😭
Getting real scooby do vibes from this one.
is this the health insurance guy?
It pleases me so much that you've chosen to use your gifts for chaos
ah, nostalgia hit me hard on this one - Tragedy cover by Celldweller was one of my fave songs like a decade ago. i was today years old when i learned that it's a cover...
Forget catgirls, I want wolfboys now.
Okay, but why is this good? A Bee Gees cover has no business being this good.
Anyone else doing the carameldansen dance during the first chorus?
That goofy outfit and cheery dancing was unexpected to say the least.
Next year he should do GloriAHH! Gaynor's "I Will Survive... This Slasher movie"
He has given to us this day a blessing! Brian is the messiah!
Petition for BDG to direct a jukebox musical reboot of the old Universal horror movies
It has the vibes of the Doctor from Control. yall know
This is glorious. 😄😄😄
Dangit Brian this is another banger !
the caramelldansen killed me this is beautiful, best day ever, carly release And the BDGHBGB's?
Horror Disco will never be the same. What an achievement.
big furry animation meme energy, thanks bdg
Getting some “what did the fox say?” vibes and I’m here for it
How dare you caramelldansen in the Year of our Lord, 2022.
I JUST finished explaining “rule 34” to colleagues. If only I had this beautiful example earlier today!
This is silly on a phytonesk level.
YES ! yes, yes, YES YES !
careful if you keep this up ill start looking forward to october to see what new covers we get
Thank you, this has brightened my day :3
Scariest part of the video is seeing he's wearing Crocs. Gave me the hee bee gee bees
The pathos...
I see "Dances movin'" season 2 on the horizon. Who would be on board? 😊
The usage of the font Shlop makes me immeasurably ecstatic
New tradition? I'm down to hear these every year
Having pumpkin cowboy autoplay after this sent me
werewolf bdg caramelldansen real
YES! I'm so happy!  Just started recording a "Dnd" podcast where we play the universal horror monsters, and  I would used BDG'S playlist to hype me up.  But now I got a song for my Wolfman boi! Honestly its perfect!❤❤❤
this is unfairly delightful, i love it so much
BDG with a full beard is the drip I didn't know I needed in my life.
Man I hate to do it, but I think this is going to be the definitive version of this song for me
When the world needed him most he reappeared!
This is quite simply perfection. Time to spread this like a virus in every group chat I'm in!
Village elder, please, can we keep him? Look how he dances!
i like this :)
Idk how Karen can shoot these vids and not being dying of laughter the whole time. Lovely performances. Truly gold
We NEED Nights on Broadway sung by the invisible man!!!
The caramell dancin in this adorable furry outfit. It's so good
the wolf costume and dance were far cuter than they had any right to be given the context of the song and the fact it's Halloween themed. bravo, pure magic and artfully done as always.
Brian really wanted to write off that fur coat purchase.
Why is my weak spot theater boys?
New York Haunting Disaster 1941?
BDG has become a cryptid Halloween Lemon Demon and I’m not mad at it
I was not prepared for the wolf, but the costume department did an awesome job.
I do like the idea tho that there’s some guy who spends all day out in the forest lamenting the fact he’s a werewolf and then at night turns into a werewolf and then wakes up and is like “fuck again????”
Bdg I am in the MIDDLE OF A REHEARSAL THIS IS NOT THE TIME TO BE THE BEST ENTITY ON THIS PLANET
At the moment I see the thumbnail I thought "oh no... is that time of the year... another Halloween with weird 80's songs from Brian 😎"🙃
I like the line "It's why wolf, not where". Great job on this!
Listening to Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Gee Bees by dee see shore
brian, this may be the best thing you've ever made. This.. this is art.
“It’s why wolf not where” might be the greatest werewolf-related lyric ever written.
Furry artists, please make Brian a futsona ref sheet. Please and thank you.
Preemptive congratulations on the 1M subscribers brother!
Nothing but bangers, the best version of tragedy that i never knew i needed
Okay but the fact that Jonah did the music technically means this is a The Altogether song and you cannot convince me otherwise.
Time to start my binge listening
Bee Dee Gee is having the time of his life and we’re all absolutely here for it
It's good to know that the werewolf transformation lets you keep your Crocs on. Truly the best shoes
I was taking a sip of my juice when all a sudden he popped out with his wolf outfit and I almost chocked
i could never pull this look off in a thousand years
This is the most odd I have seen David in a while
This blew my expectations out of the water, and my expectations were HIGH
( 0)  .( 0)      WOW. Thats hot AF.
something this silly has no right being so good!
This is the best halloween gift i couldve ever wanted
"Shot by: Karen Han" Karen how could you! You film this majestic creature just to end its life?
We have been blessed yet again~ 🙏
I've just got to give kudos to the most brilliant name for a series I've ever seen.
Everyone is asking where wolf, but no one is asking how is wolf? Tragic!
I’m certain when he lost his ears in the second costume change was completely accidental and he just played it off so well he used it
Watching this at half speed makes it so much better
This feels like a Just Dance routine
Bdg is such a strange person, but in the most fucking charming way
Inside every living being, there is a secret furry ready to come out when the time is needed  *BDG one came out while singing, which is the best case scenario*
My favorite part is the Crocs and how much they don't go with the werewolf outfit.
Tragedy is my favorite Bee Gees song, (and my favorite Bee Gees cover band before now, look them up) and I'm so happy you chose it for this ❤️
I've been listening to AAAH!BBA regularly throughout the year, so much so I'm quite convinced Lay All Your Love on Me (sung by a vampire) will end up on my Spotify wrapped. Thank you, Bee Dee Gee, for more monster disco AND for including my favourite and honestly under appreciated monster, the groovy werewolf. Edit: Happy Spotify Wrapped Day 2022! Lay All Your Love on Me (sung by a vampire) did in fact end up in my Wrapped, landing in the third spot of my top listened to songs of the year. Thank you again, BDG for your art.
Brian, you didn't have to wait until Halloween to come out as a furry! We accept you no matter what 😔
I was feeling very down today, then I heard this. I feel better. Who cares about Tragedy if it's pop. Thanks BDG
AWOOOOOga once again absolute banger and wonderfully made by ya'll
This better not awaken anything in me...
I tried making a Halloween playlist and at this point I've realized the only good Halloween music is made by either Danny Elfman or BDG.
THIS MADE MY DAY RISE AGAIN AND SHINE LIKE NO ONE BEFORE!!!
all these Halloween songs make me want BDG to collab with Dom Fera
Fair enough
The best time of the year
You didn't even kill your lover, this is just lonly furry bait
Nothing could have prepared me for Bee Dee Gee's werewolf costume
How much LSD was used in the making of this video?
This is the only time being a furry is acceptable.
when the carameldansen hands came out, I'd like to let everyone know that I said "stop" out loud to my phone as if that would do anything         don't get me wrong tho I love all of this
This is a mental flashbang of a video
Already can't stop listening 🤌
Very Chris Dane Owens
I was hoping there would  be a werewolf one!
I assume there was some point during editing where Brian thought to himself, "This is so dumb, maybe I shouldn't release this."  And I am here to say, you were right, but we are all so glad you did anyway.
banger
This is the best level of Just Dance that's come out yet!
I'm playing this in my store and there is literally no one who will stop me
the way my friend kept glancing at my phone during the werewolf bits
Missed opportunity to claim a fursuit on your taxes as a business expense
Did he buy the ears or the jacket first?
this is unironically better than the original
Song Ideas For Electric Fright Orchestra: "All Over The World" — Alien Invaders "Turn To Stone" — Medusa "Mr. Boo Sky" — Evil Cult/Monsters "Strange Magic" — Warlock "Livin' Thing" — Victor Frankenstein & Adam "Telephone Line" — Sadako/Samara "Evil Woman" — Witches/Wizards "Sweet Talkin' Woman" — Sirens/Merfolk "Nightrider" — The Headless Horseman
The happiest tone I’ve ever heard “tragedy” said in
No one exudes fabulous metrosexual energy quite like Brian.
brian has a fursona now, he can't be stopped
Well that's one way of telling us you're a furry
I'm here for everything except the Crocs
I like this version of Wilfred.
Why does this look like a just dance dance
This is beautiful
I was not expecting furry Brian to do the caramelldansen but I am not complaining
It's finally here : the greatest video ever uploaded.
this makes me so happy
Seriously so freaking clever
Bdg just found his inner furry
that werewolf outfit was sure a Look lol loved it and it's vibes
Probably all I’m going to be listening to this season
This is a delight to wake up to, but I must say that the split second at 2:52 where the leg is just high enough to show that this Whywolf wears crocs shows that true artistry is on display here.
I know so many wolf furries who would absolutely have been willing to be in suit to be the wolf man for this.
I have nothing against the bdg furry reveal however this level of funk is atrocious
Me just now learning this song is originally NOT by the 90s band Steps…
Ok but I love this one
Why does bearded bdg look like lindybeige
Thank you for this gift, Brian
I had no idea what to expect and this really was more than I could ever hope for
This better not awaken anything in me
why is this in academy ratio
Thank you BDG, for telling us about your fursona.
the caramelldansen dance really sold this
the carmeldansen murdered me
I really hope this becomes an annual thing, these covers are amazing!
This better not awaken anything in me
Said “oh my god” out loud when werewolf Brian popped up, that was the last thing I was expecting
the line between madness and genius is often blurry
thanks for really making the most of the best bee gees song
brian, what bet did you loose to get in a fur suit?
philadelphia
Ayyy more BDG Halloween songs!
Isn't it hee bee gee bees or am I missing the joke
Hiring the Bloodborne villagers was a good touch, More thrusting than I expected. 10/10
What a scamp
This is exactly why I love this man.
brb gonna go unironically put this on repeat for the next 12 hours
this is so gender <3<3<3
You just know BDG found this jacket-thingy somewhere and then decided to make a werewolf song about it
but... shouldn't it be Hee Bee Gee Bees
I hope this doesn't awaken anything in me....
This man is true proof that you can be anything when you grow up
HORROR DOUBLE FEATURE!!!
They just keep getting better
Brian is slowly, and I think knowingly, releasing the soundtrack to my Halloween party.
The beginning of BDG's furry era
More 🐺🎃🐺
what the fuck lol
Gods I’d love an album of just werewolf disco music
It's giving Just Dance 2014 ✨
*begrudgingly adds more frickin' disco to her saved music list*
collab with catrapoints (nyatalie) when?
This is a bop and *that* is a wolfman
You can never predict this mans next move.
Terrifying. I loved it.
What I want to know is, who knew that all it would take is a slight beard to make BDG hot as fuck? Like damn, dude, don't get rid of it
I don't have a family, but this BDG halloween album release is my favorite family tradition.
Lycan subscribe.
I love the variety and sheer power of unhinged of this channel
The rum tum tugger skin coat is back
That man be cric crac crocin right into my heart
okay the wolf form was so deeply not what i was expecting lmao
it's like, half of this is bordering on the hozier aesthetic, and the other half is.  a furry in the 80s with a low fursuit budget in a disco forest, alone. /hj
I didn't know I was into furries until I watched this video.  Go to hell, Brian.
I can't keep leaving the same comment every video but here I go BDG impresses and astounds me in new ways with every creative venture he embarks on  omgggg if he did a cover of Turn of the Century (my personal fave Bee Gees song) I would drop dead, resurrect myself, listen to it in full, and then drop dead again out of respect
hope we get another twinz² cameo this year
im going to steal these sick werewolf moves.
doing gods work, thank you
I didn’t think anything could top the previous one, but as someone who grew up in the UK in the 2000s with the Steps cover, this is 100% my jam
Sorry…. I just…. Didn’t expect that.
Inside you there are two wolves, they’re fucking
Is this a tradition now?
mr jonah scott you have such a beautiful career
Let's dance, Halloween edition ft. BDG
disco is undead
I love songs and singers that have guys with insane range
bdg is a furry?! confirmed
👌🗿
how quick I would buy a CD of these parody albums if they made them... also BDG doing caramelldansen as a furry was not what I expected today but certainly what I needed
I'm not sure why-wolf this exists, but I'm grateful it does
Some of us might wonder "where was bdg this year? Oh, probably busy making more of this" but we really should wonder "why was bdg this year? To fulfill his life's purpose and make more of this" instead.
I command everyone in this comment section to be normal about Brian in a dog costume
I can't believe it... *_takes off cinematic glasses_* He's doing the whole thing again
This man does not miss.
I know it's why wolf, not where. But how wolf?
nice fursona bro.
Thank. You.
so was ANYONE going to tell me that the ICONIC steps song was a BEE GEES cover this WHOLE TIME?!?!?!?
Two songs in one day???? we must truly be blessed
US Healthcare system drove BDG so mad that he is now a Furry! 🐺
i gotta say when he lifted those legs to reveal some normal gray crocs, something inside me changed drastically  and i can't quite put a finger on it.
Bruh this is hilarious
the crocs are killing me fjdklshgslkdjf
lol
i hope to see more of furry brian in the future
Thank you Brian I'm so happy you made a sequel to AAAAHBBA
Full music videos for both!? Wild! Absolutely obsessed.
<3
i love the beegees so im really enjoying these
THE RETURN OF THE FUR COAT! AND THE BEGINNING OF A FURRY ERA?! I can’t describe how much I love this shit
I'm not sure anyone asked for these. But they're going to get them anyway.
‘it’s why wolf not where’ - BDG 2022. thank you brian your inspirational quotes always get me through dark times. i know when i get out of prison for vehicular manslaughter i will be a changed man thanks to you!!
BDG back with the spooky covers of 70s disco songs!
Some one was asking to guess what it would be this year. I couldn't.
11/10 choreography
I wish I had the same "I don't give a shit about what other people think" kind of energy as BDG
This is the best werwolf costume I’ve ever seen
I was not expecting the costume...
Thank God for Brian David Gilbert.
This is such a delight
An inspiration of of person. A man. A woman. A child. A wolf. A weremanwomanchildwolf.
modern day genius
Brian werewolf doing cat girl poses killed me, put it on my grave
Tf... nice video:)
Love this song! Major props to really giving it your all in what I can only imagine to be a rather sweaty costume shoot.
comedy/skit songs have really never landed on mark on youtube.
wtf was this? nah, forget that. just hit the like button. and move on.
Banger💙
This popped up in my recommended and for a moment I assumed it was from last year I now realise we have actually been blessed with 2 BDG uploads in one day
This video is cursed, I don't know what else to say.
marvelous
This was my favorite song for a full year, on a scale of 1-10 I rate this Pumpkin Cowboy
What in the god damn…
I can't believe how catchy the chorus is. That's not a tragedy though!
It disturbs me how easly he was able to mix in the caramelldansen dance into his move pool.
Oh God I hope we get a Plague Doctor cover of Night Fever
This better not awaken anything in me
Ah yes, the elusive BDG werewolf.  Top half: furry Bottom half: shorts and crocs
I don't know why I was so surprised the SECOND time BDG leapt joyfully onscreen dressed like a lounge wolf. The first time, okay, it's a slow start to the day, but the second time I should have been ready.
Can't wait for next year when we get one of:  The Trick or Beatles Mikill Jack-O-Lantern Halloqueen Skeleton John Ri-hannamator  Feariah Scarey Seyoncé Ghouls Witchney Spookston Prank Sinightmare Pelvis Frenzy Chill Dollins Boo Thingscream Bone Joweird
a jaunty werewolf dance!
I’m really happy every song gets a vidéoclip this year!
iconic
The pepppy disco werewolf is new for me, and my life is now complete. Incredible
Only did those kicks to show us he was wearing shorts.
Marvel presents: Werewolf by Night
I was expecting a lot, but I couldnt expect that wolf outfit with that dancing... beautiful
Really splurged on the non-vampire costume this year lol (I know last year had photos of other costumes but this time we get it live!)
Um... this slaps.
im pulling for funky town next year  edit:also take my breath away sung by the creature from the black lagoon
BDG is the better than both Jacob and Edward.
Incredible and also great simply because it reminded me to re-visit Aahbaa!
This is MY silver bullet goddamn
The chorus on this one, I swear to dog... <3
BDG on Dancing with the Stars when?? 🤣
The caramelldansen move was an unexpected part of this video
tragedy, edge too close to a furry, tragedy
wasn't expecting to watch bdg do the caramelldansen (1:32) in wolfman costume this fine morning but honestly? i wouldn't have it any other way. thanks man, we're starting the day off right. B] awoo
this is making me go feral, in the way a rabid werewolf would
What😊
I've been waiting for this all year 😭😭😭 this is a gift I'm so glad
:))
This better not awaken anything in me
The fur coat dance made me cackle but also damn?? Those vocals???? I always forget BDG has PIPES
glorious
Day bits sound legitly emotional. Big contrast with the night.
it won't be long before i can dj an entire kids Halloween party with bdg. the company won't mind, man can only hear monster mash so many times before they go crazy.
I forgot! And now I am so happy! <3
Bdg looks like michael sheen in the underworld movies
If this is going to be a yearly thing I am 100% here for it this is great
I usually hate this song, this is my favourite version of it
This hurt my soul in the best way imaginable. I hope the boys make it home alright, wolf hunting is an exhausting buisness.
It appears there aren't enough white linen-mix shirts that can save us from this BDGHBBG disco now.
Let's make a music lives on through these silly little songs and I love that (I miss Laura though lol)
twas not ready for the werewolf look
i kind of expected a full fursuit but this is beautiful too
Nobody every asks "How's-wolf"
I really wasn’t prepared for how cute that werewolf costume was going to be
We have been blessed on this day
This BETTER turn into a viral tiktok dance challenge
Brian has become a crab, became Live action Waluigi, was 4 pop singers at once, is a vampire, has been a sim, a literall sleep paralysis demon and much more. but out of all his transformations,... this one has to be the weirdest.
It's nice to see Brian using his theater backround for our amusement. Also, Lin-Manuel Miranda is probably so jealous, if he saw this.
tragedy
I'm having a Halloween Party this year and the music is just going to be a playlist of all these BDG songs lol
YES, BEEN WAITING ALL YEAR FOR THE HALLOWEEN PARODIES!!!
excellent title for this album
Strong evidence for YouTube being a necessary human good.
He may be a whywolf, but he is also clearly a very good boi
And my prayers actually got heard
This is a blessed time of year for us, thank you BDG and the gang
I was wondering if you ever would come back with that idea, happy to not be disappointed <3
you know the songs a bop and the video is fun when you think "its already over?" when it ends.
This does not pass the "do you immediately turn off the tv when somebody walks in" test but i still love It
I AM SO HAPPY THIS IS BACK
There are only two things I fear.  My mother and Brian David Gilbert.  He has too much power to be human ( wHAT is He>?
*CLAPPING AND CHEERS FROM THE BOYS*
Boney M has to be next right?! BONE-E M
Always pleased
Taylor Swift is in shambles after being one upped this hard.
YESSS I KNEW IT WAS COMING!!!!!
Never stop.
You're gonna post a bunch of videos like this today aren't you
This song just gave the furry community a new icon and I don't know how to feel about it
omg the little carmelldansen bit killed me
Will’s in target
Nothing could have prepared me for this lmao
BDG, one of the only artists producing Halloween holiday music.
Absolute legend
spicy
WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FURRY BDG
Lmao "its tragedy :D"
Opening sounded a lot like the Beast's song from Beauty and the Beast's musical... Wander if that was on purpose
So you're going to sell all these at Spirit Halloween next year, right? Lol 😹
yes, yes, yessss
"Its hard to bear" - very relatable line for the average wolf. They are not convincing at being ursine at all.
Furry Brian? In the year of our lord 2022?
very glad we have another album. good stuff
OKAY BUT WHY BEE DEE GEE'S HEE BEE BEE GEES AND NOT BEE DEE GEE'S HEE BEE GEE BEES I NEED TO KNOW DO YOU HEE BEE BEE GEE OR HEE BEE GEE BEE BE SERIOUS I CANNOT TAKE THIS
I can't believe Brian has surpassed AAAH!BBA but he somehow has.
The wolfman costume makes me want to give up on existing.
What a time to be alive
you're spoiling us with these videos thank you
the outfit is serving
Holy shit that costume is cursed and the dance does it no favors
thank you so much for this treasure and especially thank you for the singalong lyrics
oh man i just bought a new air fryer and i'm looking for some how-to videos on what i can make in my air fryer! if only someone had a video for me that i could thank them later for
This brought me so much joy I am in pain.
I can't believe Billy Cobb and BDG released their yearly halloween albums on the within hours of each other, this is the most hype i've felt in my entire life
Bless him, BDG's out here ensuring I'm an absolute insufferable menace to my neighbours this spooky season. 🦇🐺
The songs in AAAH!BBA are some of my favourite Halloween based ABBA parodies. Glad this is an annual thing.
Hell yeah ANOTHA ONE.
this man cannot be stopped, call for aid from the angry mob of villagers to contain this unholy halloweeny matrimony
Conflicted. the song is very good but the video is oh so cursed
I LOVE BRYAN BABY BILLBOARD
I am so impressed by your level of artistry combined with complete and utter insanity. Please don't ever stop being you.
Esse, de longe, é o melhor vídeo desses especiais de halloween que ele faz
lol, best werewolf comedy content since werewolf bar mitzvah
wasnt expecting the "what did the fox say" drip
AMAZING
Lycanthropy (noun) 1) a delusion that one has become a wolf 2) the assumption of the form and characteristics of a wolf held to be possible by witchcraft or magic (Source: Merriam-Webster Dictionary)
god i could just watch you dance all day XD Thanks for these Brian!
I was NOT prepared for that costume, that's a vibe and a half
Bdg breaking out the MOVES in the second chorus
This series is just further proof that Brian David Gilbert can pull off any outfit
Why is this so good?
Ok what’s happening
I logged back into YouTube at the right time
My favorite bee gees song!!!
BDG’s so close to 1 MILLION SUBS!!!
In which I realize I've only heard the one Bee Gees song before
Tragedy is the best Bee Gee's song. So ecstatic it's one you chose to parody. Amazing work.
great cover, bee gee dee!
I realized this was a masterpiece when he put on the wolf suit
this better not awaken something in me
BRIAN YOU ARE GOING TO MAKE ME OBSESSED WITH THE BEE GEES JUST LIKE ABBA FOR LAST YEAR
holy shit the chorus <3
He can't just keep getting hotter
Furry
hmmmm yep, definitely blursed
This is terrifying for completely different reasons than you previous ones
i did not have "bdg ina budget fursuit doing the caramelldansen to a halloween parody of the bee gees" on my 2022 bingo card
AHHHHHHHHHHH (snap)
is weird al-oween gonna come every year
This is the best thing I've seen in my entire life.
Brian, you is a warwilf!
Slaps harder than it deserves to, but hot DAMN does it slap 🔥
Annual event time; if you want it to be. :)
What a dapper little furry
i am trying not to stim so hard
Welcome to the terrifying world of fangs, fur, and very large medallions. It's Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees.  stream on Spotify: https://open.spotify.com/album/0GOWf73AODnueap6qkvsOJ?si=7L6aAER3TqiNeUDO2jNhZg watch Stayin' Alive: https://youtu.be/MVkBd-WMzZw Only two songs this year (thanks to a certain health insurance video), which was quite painful due to my love of the Bee Gees and the fact that they made so many perfect songs for Halloween, but I hope you enjoy them nonetheless.
brian you can’t do this to mw
Disco is still alive.
I totally expected it to be "How Deep is Your Blood" but I am pleasantly surprised
uwu
He’s doing it again! HE’S DOING IT AGAIN!
Brian you spoil us. What ever have we done to deserve such spooky blessings?
This is amazing.
oh my god and it’s so good
not me thinking this was a Steps song ha ha
I knew it! He said "other disco artist" and I was like, "Yeah, the BeeGees."
This is one of my favorite songs of all time!! Thank you !!
I mean in your defence it is hard to spookify Steps as a band name
Swift who? Give me ALL the Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees!
These musical masterpieces are the highlight of my year
Brian's fursona is the greatest thing we could've gotten this year. Thank you so much for the amazing cover
The subtitles "*bad English accent*" lolll
Cant wait for some of the professional reactions to this one! Im loving it personally!
Posted 6 minutes ago. I've spent the last 6 minutes listening to this.
Would be super down for something like some Gloria Gaynor covers next year! I think a Final Girl version of I Will Survive would absolutely slap
welp, looks like I have a new sleep paralysis demon
this is wonderfully cursed
THE CROCS
The perfect cover band doesn't exis-
why does he look like lin mannuel miranda?
For the record, this particular wolf never needed a why
i always knew you were a furry :3
"What's your favourite Just Dance song?" "Okay so _technically..._ "
OH JY GOD SECOND SONG DROPPED SAME DAY?!????
I'm not sure why but his dancing reminds me of the "Berries And Cream" one
Now I know it's Halloween season 🔥
The most terrifying thing about this video is that fur coat.
These are both great. Thank you for staying weird.
it's awootiful :')
I wonder which disco group he's gonna to next year?  Village People? Redbone? Or switch to a different genre entirely?
I wonder what thoughts were going through his mind when he was recording the main wolf part
Getting some strong Michael Sheen in Underworld (2003) energy from that wolfman.
ah i’m so glad we have bdg to keep art alive and thriving.
so glad to see bdg coming back, it's been so long since his last video!
His nails are slaying!
No matter how ridiculously you dress up you somehow always manage to pull it off. What's your secret Mr. Gilbert.
We all have two wolves inside us…one is a peppy disco-pop cover singer having the time of his life, and the other is a fairly normal guy who is just really going through it rn.  🐺🌕
Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees gives me Hee Bee Gee Bees
Just made my day 200000x better
My favorite Bee Gees song but spookier
I'm gonna be bumping this for the rest of the month.
halloween has suddenly been made! thank you Brian!!
2 videos in one day you spoil us Brian
Oh. Yeah. Oh yeah.
i cant wait till he starts covering scarene dion
ANOTHER BANGER BABYYYY
Yes! Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Full beard. Out of nowhere. Like a young Michael Sheen in Underworld: Rise of the Lycans.
The costume gave me a whiplash my God
I'm not listening to this shit but thank you for making it
It's happening again...
YES, I love this song!
I was not ready for furry BDG O.O
We can rely on Brian for weird yet super creative content
cool beard
It's beautiful
That was fantastic! I loved the costumes!
Horrific pictures taken in the wake of Rainfurrest 2015 (colourised)
My man what a RAAAAAANNGGEEEEEEE
Just amazing
Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees really give me the heebie jeebies
Didn't know BDG was a furry
This....This is not what I was expecting but OH MY GOD I LOVE IT
BDG is in his scary UwU era, and honestly? I'm here for it.
I hope he keeps all the costumes he wears after he is done using them. I hope he has a closet full of fun wild stuff.
I love you, you beautiful entity
👍
the blessèd lords of content have graced us with great things on this day
Oh hell nah bdg a furry now😳
I.... was not expecting that costume change.
I hope this doesn't awaken anything in me
bdg is serving all these looks
That jacket!!!
As a furry I appreciate that costume Very high quality
i feel so well fed rn
Bit of piss constable in the beginning
Why is Bilbert Dilbert Gilbert doing half the Caramelldansen in a fluffy coat and doggy mask.
My Halloween party playlist gets better every year
THERE'S MORE
Awesome!!!
THANK YOU BRIAN THANK YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
ooo more bee dee gee hee bee dee gee content lets go
This is a masterpiece.
That project title, you magnificent son of a bitch 🤣
Brian you have to understand that you're my favorite person
BDG furry variant
Is the whole album coming out today?!?
Everyone’s says werewolf, but no-one ask’s how-wolf
The objective best time of year, bdg music month
Its 12 am and this got released. I decided to watch this before I sleep.  What I can only say that, I'll be dreaming about this for the whole day and wake up as a different man. Thank you.
Fantastic
I'm going to go back in time and have my parants conceive me to this      **ceases existing**
FORGET TAYLOR SWIFT A NEW BDG HALLOWEEN PARODY JUST DROPPED!!!
Is Brian a furry
yes!!!! this is the best. favourite part of this holiday now, its become a new tradition at my apartment, we played these at our parties n during decorating last year and have been doing it again this year:))
Damn son
I'm so glad Brian came back, it's weird, funky, and odd... I love it
Oh Jee, Bee Dee Gee's Hee Bee Bee Gees gave Mee Thee Hee Bie Jee Bies
furry
TWO IN ONE DAY??? We are being absolutely spoiled
The contrast between the two songs is a lot smaller than i expected 😂
My favorite annual tradition
Double the BeeGees goodness in one day!
How are we being this blessed/cursed in such a short span of time?!? What an absolute legend!  "WHY WOLF, NOT WHERE" 😭🔥🌕
Goes possibly hard
Yoooooo
This is brilliant
this is camp
This time of year again Brian 😂 this gonna become an annual thing? If so looking forward to it!
YEEEEEESSSSS
Congrats on being early and finding this comment 🥇
Hi
Thank you sincerely. I blast all your halloween tunes year round with my windows down. -a new york goth
I was first  pointless satisfaction achieved
MOREEEEEE
Thank you for giving
Slay
There’s more
Oh god more
I WAS HOPING YOU'D DO THIS ONE IM SO HYPED
I’m already excited for next year’s album, Electric Fright Orchestra
Happy Halloween Brain
perfect timing i just finished stayin alive :D
This is tight
Its that time of year again huh
Indeed a tragedy, a beautiful tragedy.
You doin alright bud?
first
