I wonder if Laurie strode will be able to be playable or called in like Tommy Jarvis in the Friday the 13th game
What sucks about this is that it's not going to be for ps4. I cant afford buying a ps5
Why his head look too big for his body?
Anyone notice the body dangling out the window of the house the girl runs out of??
What console will this be on or is it only PC?
How long fo think this will last before it ends up like the Friday the 13th game...
Are we gonna get different style Michael Myers like we did in Friday the 13th? Each movie had a more Distinct look.
Ilfonic and Gun Media, are you going to screw up this game too? Are you going to ruin this one too?
I wonder if this will be any different from the other 3rd person horror games like Texas Chainsaw and DBD. If it's the same tired game mechanics again with a new license I'm not interested.
Is the gameplay just running in fear?
Are we finally entering a golden era of horror movie single player games? I fuckin' hope so
Are we playing as the survivors or as Michael? I'm interested in this
what platform will this be on.
Why they got Dr Loomis sounding like he’s reading in a shitty accent!?
A trailer for a Pinhead video game came out and now for a Michael Myers one!? Whats next? A Freddy Krueger video game?
will this game have tombstone? lol
How else will be pissed if this is another Friday the 13th situation in the future?
Do we get to play as Michael?
How dare you release a halloween game trailer one month before halloween and it doesn't drop til next year😭😭😭
When can we expect a release date. I really want this. Halloween is some of carpenters finest work.   Anytime before gta6 and requiem would be great.
So this isn't a dead by daylight clone!?
Is it coming out next year ?
So is this gonna be worked on by the devs for less than 2 years and also be abandoned like Texas Chainsaw?
We really needed a terrible Don Pleasance impression?
Will this be kinda like Alien - Isolation, where you gotta have to hide and sneak away?
This is stupid. How can you make chasing one person into a video game?
When your video game trailer has 0% of the video game shown in it, it should at least be a little harder to tell right away that it will be dog shit. Could never ever compare to the amazing Friday the 13th game that now just sadly takes up storage cause I love it too much to uninstall
Is that ps2? That shit looks ugly.
Would like to know how it’s it going to work. Mission based? Are you Micheal or are you the victim? Open world? Can you kill just anybody or only who the game tells you? What is the objective of the game? To get to Laurie or somebody else?
Are they going to make games like this for every horror franchise out there? Games that'll last max 2 years before they're no longer supported? I don't get it.
why does Michael look like he's on ozempic 💔
So is this going to be like the Friday the 13 game?
Where are the iconic Musik from the nientest
Why is she running as though she's wearing an uncomfortable tampon
Why does Michael look like a bobble head?  🤣🤣
So they're making a Michael Myers DBD clone even though Michael Myers is already in DBD?
Hopefully better than the Texas chainsaw one. Or any and every horror game remake. Is the prerequisite that it has to be a horrible, live, multi-player game when it comes to classic horror movie games?
How about a Halloween Kills where you take on civilians, then firefighters, then police, then SWAT, then the National Guard, then the US military, etc. Cause we all know that Michael is supernatural.
Why didn’t they get Gourley to do Loomis’s voice for this?
Why do players walk like toddlers?
Is it going to suck? Very likely. Will I play it? Definitely.
Ok. So are you playing as Michael?
When I say I'm excited. That's a understatement
do anybody know if the game is the same as the movie ?
Will the game play match Friday the 13th?
Texas Chainsaw Massacre ~ Killer Klowns … GUN IILFONIC ???? just keep making fire ass games get our money and abandon them ???
When a major success like Friday gets shutdown they make a new one but Friday the 13th will only be the goat game forever
Are these the guys that made the Friday the 13th game?  If so I hope they do better on this game
How is this a passable trailer 🤣
Is this from the same creators that abandoned their other projects ?
Can anyone please tell me what songs kendrick sounds like drakeo on? Kendrick uses some slang drakeo made up but other than that i dont hear it.
Are we going to get different masks of Michael like Halloween 4 or 5 or just the one we see?
Why michael got a fat ass head tho? 🤣🤣
Is this by the same people who made Friday the 13th?
Why Michael Myers Does it look like a woman?
Are they planning to do all horror slasher franchises? They going crazy with this one
So basically this game is gonna be like Friday The 13th?
Is this going to be like Friday the 13th and Texas Chainsaw Massacre?
Why can't we get good horror games anymore?
So why is a sick, slightly Scottish Obi-Wan narrating?
Exactly how much of a single player game are we talking?
gun games is attached to this?  that'll be a no.  how many more horror IP's are they gonna kill?
I wonder if you get the play as him or if you’re playing against him. These will be some of the sickest kills ever.
Another game they’re gonna yank the servers from?
For what game system? Is it gone be on PlayStation?
why is Michael’s head so big and disproportionate to his body? 😂 surprised I haven’t seen anyone mention this. He doesn’t look too much like Halloween 1978
What happened to F13 was not GUN's/Illfonic's fault, yet people seem to lump it in with them (GUN) abandoning TCM. They literally couldn't do anything with the F13 lawsuit, they couldn't even add a new tree or a rock to a map, a developer literally said this. Its understandable why they eventually gave up, they were just waiting around doing nothing while two guys argued over money and a settlement.  As for TCM I never bought it (so far), but them abandoning support for it so soon, I agree it is bad. However, Illfonic had nothing to do with TCM so I see more hope for this. Carpenter is also credited as an executive producer which is a major bonus.  Also, for those complaining that the singleplayer experience will either just be offline bots, something like the F13 challenges, or the virtual cabin, literally do your research morons. The Halloween Game website literally says it in black and white:  "IllFonic dives into why making a singleplayer narrative in Halloween was a must. The narrative for singleplayer in Halloween takes on a new shape. Playing as Michael Myers, walk through memorable locations from the 1978 classic such as the Myers House or bask in the recreated atmosphere of Haddonfield".  Lets just see how it plays out and actually give it a chance before prematurely calling it a failure. I'm a huge Halloween fan, I see Halloween and I'm there for it Day 1. If its anywhere near as fun as F13 was (which was waaaaay more fun than Dead By Daylight regardless of the bugs/glitches) this will be awesome.  If it happens a 2nd time (like with TCM) then yeah there's a pattern forming. Call me a sucker or whatever, but its Halloween, as a fan of the series I can't not be there for this. Especially since it has a singleplayer mode.
Can we have a game where we get to see what Michael Myers gets upto for the other 364 days of the year?   Fixing up the roof on his shack, befriending a lost dog, long hot summer nights sat out on the decking together....the dog doing all the talking because Michael's not the talkative type. Giving the mask a break and watching YouTube tutorials on face painting??
When I think about it, Michael wouldn’t have survived a neighborhood in Texas 😂😂😂. Especially not on full of black folks and Latinos 😂😂. He would’ve gotten popped over and over until he was nothing but pieces
why she running like she has to take a big sh1t real bad??
When is the game coming out?😮
Wow that’s dope .. wait do yu get to be Michael tho lol ?
Why’s it always old characters, can’t they make new original ones?
Could it be? The predecessor to the Friday the 13th video game????
What would I search up to get the music of Micheal chasing Laurie?
I'm assuming it'll come out Halloween of 2026?
Looks cool but what are you actually gonna be able to do? Run from Michael? Be Michael? Just reenact the story of the 1978 film? After that’s done, what then?
Does anyone know what the single player game play is gonna be like?
why does Michael look like a little kid with his mask on 😂😂
Can we play as Michael Myers? Or just run from him all game?
Ok this trailer did absolutely nothing but show the beginning of the movie basically..what kind of single player? You Micheal or the doctor or someone eles?
Why not just combined an updated Jason game and the Halloween game together and make everyone happy?
Who is that girl in the red jacket?
Was the voice over paid $2 for this? And did they run out of budget for that running animation? Lol
Is this supposed to be the new Friday the 13th game people was talking about 2 weeks ago?
Can someone explain why the graphics are absolutely garbage this supposed to be a new game but it’s looking like it’s not even done with production yet ai games are horrible anymore 🥱 😂
Why are you all slating Gun Media❓
What's with the PS2 animation?
Yoiooo this is great, do you think you play Michael?
Who would you play as? There's not really a winner...
Hmmm if I get this game, should I play it at night with all of the lights off?
why is he so small??? His shoulders should be bulky and he should be way taller then that
Why are his shoulders so puny?
Gun media? They got blasted by the lawsuit from Friday the 13th the game which I'm still mad about and they're still at it?
Fine,no "story mode",so we're gonna get bored after a few matches,am I wrong?
Bruh I want to play this game. But I hate that Gun is a part of this, after what they did with TCM how would I know they wont do this again??
I wonder how long this will last compared to Jason and tcm
We got Twink Michael Myers in this game 😂😂😂 Theu need to make him taller and MUCH more broad shouldered. The dude is 6 feet 7 inches tall. Im 6 foot 6. I make any normal girl or dude look tiny, but in this Michael looks damn near the same height. He doesn't look intimidating at all. And that mask, why is it so big?
are you the slasher or the babysitter?
When I hear that theme song I get so happy all of a sudden!
I can’t say enough how bad these devs handle their games. I really hope they don’t ruin this with the amount of bugs and unpolished mechanics they always have on launch for their other online games but since this is single player we shouldn’t worry about that now, right?
So do you actually play as Michael ? Or one of the teens trying to survive ?
Is this gonna be another dead by daylight bullshit ass game?
Is this  ‘Legos Halloween’ ? wtf are these characters ?
Is this?? I remember seeing a demo for a fan made Halloween game years ago. Is the same game?
This looks so bad. Still waiting on my art book for the F13 Kickstarter, Gun. How's that coming along?
Wat game system will this be on?
I wonder if Jamie Lee Curtis approves this
Why they do homie like that? Doesn’t even look scary with that big ol’head.   Reminds me of that clip where that kid dressed as Michael Myers falls of the hay stack and stays in character. 😂
So michael is getting his own video game, i remember friday the 13th and jason got their own video game, i never played it myself but I heard it was interesting, who's the next guy to get his own game freddy krueger!?
Why is there a British Narrator?
Is everyone missing that it says single player  and multiplayer horror experience?
Why is his head 3 times bigger than it should be
Were any humans involved in making this?
Isn't this by the same people who abandoned their past MULTIPLE games? Texas Chainsaw Massacre being the most recent? Pretty sure they ignored the community for the game and then just abandoned it. Anyone reading this, wait a year after launch and then see if the game is already dead. Don't waste your money.
So is this for console or pc ?
Also, I hope we get alternate costumes for Michael 🤞😬🤞. Personally, my favorite look is the Rob Zombie costume. What is yours?
WHERE DO I SIGN UP  Just hook it too the Vein~\!!
Is it bad that I just want a single player game where you’re Michael? Make it like Hitman or something akin
Why does Michael walk like he's seriously constipated?
Is this original voices, if yes I guess Donnie's kids get a nice wee payday?
Why not drop it on Halloween???
Is It Gonna Be On The Xbox series x ?
Everything about this trailer is bad. The 2005 animation, the terrible Donald Pleasance impersonation, the awful Michael Myers, they didn't have to make this so why are they?
How do they expect us to beat this game cuz he just won't die
Will your bets repeat the fate of Friday the 13th?
How do we get this game?? How can I play it ??
I WAS TALKING ABOUT WANTING A HALLOWEEN 1974 GAME WITH MY FRIEND THAT ISNT THE NES ONE NOW ITS REAL!???
So will this actually be a story or just online??
Why why why would Illfonic ever partner with Gun again? Smh  This looks so goofy lmao no thanks, not spending another dime on another dead game in the making 👎🏻
Why is Behaviour adding an old chapter a second time?
How much wanna bet games gonna be like $130.   80 bucks for standard edition
2026? Why even show us this atm?
Why would the release date not be this October smh
Will this be a first person or third person game ?
I can overlook the Loomis impression not being perfect, but couldn't they at least make him sound British?
Why wasn’t this recommended yesterday!?
Is this going to be like a Friday the 13 game?
Also why does Michaels mask look twice as big as everything else on him??
I'm sorta hyped about this but when's Illfonic & Gun Media making an Elm Street game?
How many multi-player asymmetrical horror games that are only gonna last a few years do we really need?
Can we fast forward to release day now? 👀
How many assymetric games would it take before they realized people wants an actual single player/story mode of those franchise What how the "singleplayer" gonna be some short objective based "mini game" and not a fully fledge actual singleplayer story mode.
What Gun and Illfonix drop this like a bad habit quickly. It's their MO. Look at Predator, Friday the 13the, Killer Clowns, and Texas Chainsaw
Besides the original movie and the 2018 sequels, I truly enjoyed rob zombie’s 2007 version, hopefully there’s a way to implement that version somehow in here, maybe a costume for DLC? Or a mask you can unlock ?
Why 2026 gta 6 will be out lol
So will this be yet another "TCM", "K***Klowns from Outer Space"or "Friday the 13th" asymmetrical game that will die after a few months?
I wonder will other legacy characters be in video game from the series.
How long do you think it will take for the Drags to come from DBD and complain about the balance? Start the clock
That voiceover is annoying and why is Michael's head so big?
Why does the voice over sound like Ed Wood?
Are we bringing back the random games like the early 2000’s?
How is this game going to be played I wonder? I’m excited and confused at the same time. 🤦🏾‍♂️😂
Is it supposed to be like a cartoon?
is it going to be like jason and the texas chain saw? i want like an open world/ plat former.
Can I be Michal though and go on a rampage?!?;
What about the Meta Quest..we need games also
Is this just going to be another one of those games, but like Halloween???
Are you guys seriously going to trust Gun again? After what they did to Friday the 13th and TCM? They showed over and over how much they don't care about their player base, and you're still giving them money? Are you guys really that dumb? Wow, ok. Good luck!
Can someone please tell me if it is just like the other game? Or did they change everything and mess it up
Does anyone know what's an experience? Never heard about this form of media/entertainment.
Why does Dr. Loomis sound like Cary Grant though?
This why gun abandoned Texas Chainsaw already?
What is with the stupid voice over it's so jarring
its a play 2 game ??? what is this animations ???
what love about this. theyve done what sucide squad movie did. made 2 different verisons. as alot of people clearly done remember the multiplayer failure froma few years ago with the same name
Who is Michael Myers? Michael is a human incarnation of pure evil. Waiting gameplay.
I wonder if they will let you play as Michael? I've been a huge fan for years...when I go see the new movies I'm in the Theater like "Killem Mike" 😂
Gun is involved? Doth the tales of Texas Chainsaw Massacre and Friday thine 13th not fall upon one’s conscience?
When watching the trailer I saw the Gun logo I let out a strange evil laugh and my girl friend looked at me like wtf 😮!   Ain’t no way I’m buying from them again 😂
this nice and all but can we bring friday the 13th back ??
When my and bro played F13 I kept saying...."PLEASE let them do this for Halloween and FINALLY. I am so fucking hyped for this
Why is Myers so skinny looking? His appearance looks like someone cosplaying Myers. Mask to big, shoulders to small...
What the actual eff is that voice acting? Is that a joke?
Why does gun always get this shit, the games done for
Could've just fixed and updated Friday the 13th... the lawsuit ruined the game what says tgis will be sny diffrent and not get shut down by lawsuits?
When I see ILLFONIC and Gun media, I know I'm being scammed. After 1 year, no more content.
why he walking with a limb lol
oh my god i complete halloween kills right now and i am going to watch halloween ends and im pretty shock right now halloween new game????
Why his head look so chonky
Is it just me or do the proportions on Myers look off?  Notably the head looks comically large and upper body looks shorter than it needs to be.
Is that all you people do is complain?!
why does it look like a ps2 game, and not in a good way?
Why not just play dbd? I feel like just one killer with one play style would be borrrring
Am I trippin or is Michael's legs super long? And do the walking/running animations look weird? Like over done or over exaggerated?
I genuinely hope the gameplay is not slow and clunky like tcm was. That game felt like absolute dog shit to play. Based off this trailer the characters look like tcm characters that’s not a good start. This company is actively shitting on numerous horror franchises. Who gave them the green light to do this?
How does it take almost 50 yrs for a proper Halloween game? I just don't understand.
Am I the only one who thinks Michael is very thin???
Gun's games are awesome and FILLED with love, it's their business models that suck though. So what use is there??
Why is she running like the aliens off Mars Attacks 😂😂
and here I thought DBD was bad... what the hell with running animation? scared npcs in Ghost Master had same animations but it was a parody game. why is his head so big when camera is angled upwards.. is it a horror parody?
interesting, is there a reason why all these old horror IPs decides to make games at this moment in time?
Is it just me or does this trailer look trash there's something weird about it right?
Is this coming to playstation and xbox?
We’re going to get Illfoniced in the Gun again, aren’t we?
Will we get to play as Michael Myers and Hamie Lee Curtis? Or will it be a multiplayer game like Friday the 13th?
Is Jamie Lee Curtis doing voice/mo-cap work in this?
These graphics look pee pee poo poo Wagwan wit dis?
how many months until they turn off the servers?
Will Big John and Little John be playable characters?
Are we ever going to get Michael vs. Jason?
Does he have a tombstone add on though?
I REALLY hope it’s not a dead by daylight type game. If not,maybe at least a story mode would be nice?
why does the voice over sound like a bad robotic AI?
The fact it's made by Gun is a death sentence. They are HORRIBLE game developers. Why do they keep getting these big horror titles?
If actual game footage is not represented, then why show anything at all?
what gun did w tcm was shitty. but both companies was on f13 and im hype.
Why does Michael just walk like a normal person with swag lol, that's so wrong and don't look right
I wanna see A Nightmare on Elm Street video game?
Who got Ewan mcgregor to narrate this trailer 😂
Oh boy, if this game shown? I wonder how the license will effect for myers in dbd?
This Voice over sucks if you aren't gonna change the dialogue why not give us Lumis? Cause you  didn't want to pay his estate?
I saw the game for sale on switch 2 at my local Walmart the other day??? Wasnt a pre order , has this already been out for the switch??
Is this even a game? I have learned nothing about what this will be.
How about showing the Fn gameplay footage!? Bloody games today! I don't play games for the cinematic cut scenes. I'd watch the original Halloween movie, if I wanted to have a cinema experience!
Are we gonna play as Laurie or Michael?
Why's his head so damned big?
Who got excited until they seen the Gun and Illfonic logos 😂
They abandoned Friday the 13th (ok this one they didn't have options), then... abandoned Predator Hunting Grounds, then... abandoned The Texas Chainsaw. How am I suppose to trust this dudes NOW?
Is she drunk? Who runs like that...
Is this the Friday the 13th game reincarnated pretty much?
Couldn't have gotten an actual English guy to voice Loomis?
Whys everyone shitting on gun media? Friday the 13th was awesome and i thought ppl loved TCM?
That was a nothing burger.  Soooooo what are we getting for a game?
Is this like friday the 13th multiplayer game? Cause that would be amazing
What a time to be alive !!!
Is there an official release date?
2026? Why not for this holiday season?
why micheal myers is a framecel?
how long can they hold up the rights to the character?
What are these graphics man Jesus I swear I’m almost so done with gaming bruh 🤦🏾literally finna retire from ts
What is this game going to do for the multi-player genre that DBD or Friday hasn't already done especially with only 1 killer... Meh
Awesome! Hopefully it doesn't suffer the same fate as F13 and end up like TCM after just two years?
Can you be Michael  cause mannnn the carnage
How will this game be any different than Texas Chainsaw Massacre or the Space Jokers?
Can someone tell me why people are against Gun being involved with this game? I don’t know anything about them.
How do the same people acquire these IP's just to make a game that shuts down after a year
Will the multiplayer just be like Friday the 13th game?
Why is the announcer from temu. Just straight butt cheeks
Why Michael’s head looks so big 😂
Why did the voice acting sound AI... is it because...?
Why does he walk so awful? 😂
what is that character model for mike meyers? big ass head and narrow shoulders. like what this scrawny lil guy gonna do?
why is Gun still allowed near video games
why do they move like sims lmao and why does the narrator sound like he's doing a parody of the original guy?
Will I buy the game? Yes. Will i ever trust Gun. again? No.
No actual gameplay footage.... so, how are going to make a whole game out of this?
So when are we gonna get a scream game?
Friday the 13th died, evil dead died, Texas chainsaw died, killers klowns died. Is this really going to be different?
Where's Ash when you need him, right?
I wonder if this game be similar to how Friday The 13th played.
Why does every horror game trailer use really goofy movements for their models.
Why does this look like a late gen PS2 cutscene?
I absolutely cannot wait to play this game.  Waited my whole life to play a myers game. However, did anyone else think michael head and shoulder appear odd. Small shoulders or bigger head???
What you can do is walk in a straight line. Michael Myers only weakness is  ‘Power walking’.
i wonder what the "single player" experience entails. do they mean bot lobbies? or is it going to have a story mode?
So will we be able to play as Micheal?
How does gun keep getting work? They only just stopped dancing on TCM dead body and now they have halloween in their grubby mits is astonishing.
When Friday XIII came out, I was there. When Texas Chainsaw Massacre came out, I was there. When Killer Klowns from Outer Space came out, I was there. And now Halloween is upon is, and I will say the same thing for this as I did every other asym horror game that has come out. PLEASE actually support this game so it lasts longer than a year </3
What if Micheal Myers was in Freaker Friday
Are you playing as micheal or a victim?
Angry Video Game Nerd: They're making another one?
What do they mean by single player and multiplayer? Will it have an actual campaign with a separate multiplayer mode or is it just that you can play the multiplayer mode by yourself? I would prefer the first option. I’m tired of multiplayer horror games.
Is this going to be like the Friday the 13th game?
How are we the player contrlling myers supposed to catch up with the survivers when myers doesn't run
Why did it take so long. I’m so fucking tired of everything being dead by daylight like someone else said. We deserve single player story driven AAA experiences for all horror titles!
Is this a new dead by daylight dlc??
How do we really know michael doesnt have emotion? Maybe the problem was that loomis was just a shitty psychiatrist.
Here we go again. How long will you be able to play it before Gun pulls the plug like TCM and F13?
Who else is here for the original theme song 👍😭
Can i play as mike myers the comedian?... And as Mike Mike? (matan even's sidekick)
How about blowing his Fing head off
Gun and Illfonic are making another horror game? 3rd time’s the charm. I love TCM and KKFOS but the only love they were given post launch were mostly cosmetics, only TCM got a few new characters. (This obviously doesn’t need multiple characters, it’s just Michael) Also, by multiplayer and single player do they mean how Friday the 13th had multiplayer with small single player challenges?
Why do they keep getting these ip when the fuck up every one and then drop support for it shortly after
Is it me or is the voice over sound like its AI generated? It sounds so off to me for some reason.
What is it with IllFonic and running animations
Their about to remove Michael Myers from dead by daylight, aren’t they?
When has Michael ever walked swaying side to side? Little nitpick.
Gun Interactive...  not buying. Dogsh1t companies. Sell Texas Chainsaw Massacre, you butchered all of your games.Why would I ever want to buy another one?
Will it reach its full potential after year 1 of release?
So what is this just a remake of the Atari 2600 game?
Is it gonna be on xbox??
Is this a Remake of the Atari 2600 game?
Why his shoulders so narrow though?
Is this AI? Looks cheap af
Pls don't be yet another asimetric multiplayer game, so many nice horror IP's end up just trying to emulate Dead by Deadlight, I can count at least 3 or 4, Friday the 13th, Killer Clowns from Outer Space, Evil Dead and possibly Hellraiser?
So the killer clowns, Friday the 13th style?
What i wish Friday the 13th game would be. Singe player
And we're sure it won't be cancelled like the millions of other games these days?
Who is ready for some half-asses patches that break then game? 😂 if ya’ll know Gun’s history…..
everyone's getting on the train hellraiser is driving huh?
We're getting this before Billie Bust Up?
Hopefully I’m not missing any horror villain games so far. So we had Alien Isolation, Friday the 13th, Predator, Evil Dead, Texas Chainsaw Massacre and now we have two upcoming games which is Hellraiser and Halloween! Bruh I hope other devs do Nightmare on Elm Street, Childs Play, Scream, Jeepers Creepers, IT, Saw. Who else am I missing that needs a proper game? Any suggestions or thoughts or information about any other horror icons joining in having their own single player experience?
Can we not blow our fuckin ear drums out in the next trailer? thanks.
Can we get A Nightmare On Elm Street 1984-2003 with Wes Craven as an executive producer?! Freddy Vs Jason as the final mission!
Is this why there is an updated Myers gameplay on one of the hotfix patches in DBD?
What is the name of this new Michael Myers game
This mean he’s leaving DBD as a playable character?
Why is this narrated by Ringo Starr?
Is Gun going to abandon this game just like TCM? This studio doesn't deserve money after the incompetence they showed w TCM.
Did Gun kick TCM to the curb so they could focus on making this ?
Anybody know what system it would be for?
Why is his frame so small
Can you get a good single player nightmare on elm street game
When they say single player. Hopefully they don’t just mean the same default missions with static character art having text bubbles over them.
How exciting? This seems like a hard task to tackle. I am pumped.
Why make games for it to only last 1 year? I will never support another Gun IP again after the tragedy of what was Texas Chainsaw Massacre the Game.
Why didn’t they just use Donald Pleasance’s actual voiceover from the movie?
How do you do a single player Halloween game, lol
Will Myers have a sidekick like in the recent movie ? ^^
What in the blue hell is that narration?
Did Dead by Daylight have to suffer another loss for this to happen?
1963? I thought it was in 1978?
How many times have we killed him & yet hes just like chucky keeps coming back smh
Why does it look lower budget than The Texas Chainsaw Massacre game if it's made by the same people?
so its that friday the 13th game but they have the rights this time?
Is this a joke? 2026 game with 2000 graphics. Games are getting laughable. The voice over shows all the hopes I have for this game.
So they will cut him from DbD now?
how does GUN have ANOTHER IP to butcher?
Is it gonna be like every other horror movie video game, where it gets worse over time and then just stop getting supported?
I wonder if Myers will be pulled from Dead by Daylight too.
I wonder if it's gonna be like Friday the 13th the game or if it's gonna be a story game
So how long after launch will this one shit down Gun.?
Why does Michael's head look so much bigger than his body?
asymmetric stealth horror =\    wHY CAN'T WE HAVE STORY DRIVEN HORROS GAMES WITH THESE BIG IPS?
i wonder if they're gonna use different stages from all the movies
How about a Nightmare on Elm Street Game?
Why does this studio keep getting these movie rights to games? After how both TCM and F13 games were handled?!
I haven’t seen the video, nor have I seen who the developer is, but just from the title I’m already imagining it’s the same people who made Friday the 13th and The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, only to then abandon them. Am I right? What’s next, an asymmetrical game of The Hills Have Eyes?
This smells like TCM and Friday the 13th combined. Just set in Haddonfield.....Do we get to be the teens or Dr. Loomis??
Is this from the same people who made Friday the 13th?
So do u run around killing horney teenagers? Or is this another hide and seek with no weapons?
Did they get the intern to voice this intro?
