Where is the season 5 trailer?
Ok where’s the season 5 trailer?
Why is every other character Overpowered but Widow is not   BUFF BLACK WIDOW !!!!
who is letting these animators cook like this, this is some straight unethical ball ✋😭🤚
CAN WE PLEASE HAVE A SHOW AROUND THIS??! FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DISNEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!?
Noob question what are the spirit abimal things they are channeling?
Why didn't they add this version oh him saying "let the devil" it sounds better compared to the shorter faster version in game.
Can we get 4 player team up back in comp platinum and higher?
Did anyone notice the mark on angelas head at 1:17? That might be part of dare devils base kit.
How Tf you limited everyone else flying beside Angela smh that’s stupid ASF and plus she a vanguard like make it make sense
Nobody gonna talk about this game is coming for PS4???
Is it coming out on Xbox?
May I ask if it will be available on consoles? And if yes on wich ones?
is anyone missing their season 3 and 3.5 ranked rewards? I didn't get mine and one of my friends in GM didn't either. wonder if its a bug 🤔
Why first added angela we want daredevil 😭
What Are They even fighting for 😭🙏🙏
What happened to street level Daredevil 😭😭😭 this guy can fight Thor now bro
So looks like one of Daredevil’s abilities is to blind opponents?
I'm not familiar with Angela, could someone explain why she only has one wing?
Why they need to make everything Asian themed even daredevil suit 💀
Anyone else get Asura's Wrath vibes from DD's animations?
Is Daredevil the bad guy in this? Angela in the comics is arguably an anti-hero, but in Rivals she is defending K'un-Lun to protect her infant sister. Why is Daredevil attacking the city?
Comment section: Everyone: Daredevil!!!! Me: When was Marvel Rivals on the PS4?
Why does the "the devil doesn't kneel" line reminds me of the "lion doesn't concern" meme
When you finally nerf Iron-man and other flying nonsense - then we will talk. Now - nhah.  Just pick iron man and 190/s enemy team. I mean 1.5 second for 300 health is a pretty good rate of killing.
Marvel is very much capable of this level of animation for a show but choose  not to why????
Isn’t the devil a false angel tho?
What was the mark above Angela’s head
Do i have to fight Gna again?
What is this version of daredevil?? And will we be getting him in the game? I would love to play me some daredevil
Why would they even do that bro ps4 will play on 30 fps so why even bother making us excited :(
When you use power up but the rival boss can do it too
That's cool and all, but can I play Rank with my friends now?
0:08 Zane’s bird playable in marvel rivals now?
0:33 is that my goat Aleks Lee?
when I stub my toe in the middle of the night 1:12
Blind uncle is here... with superpowers!!!??
if u doing aps4 version. Why no Xbox one and switch?
is the "let the devil out" a reference to the netflix show or was that a common line in the comics?
So am I the only one who noticed the PS4 logo?
1:15 Is that the "Curse of the Hand" above her head?
How has nobody noticed the devil man crybaby reference at 1:13  It’s literally the same pose Akira does when he first transforms
what is this dragon ball ahhhh fight, DID DAREDEVIL JUST GO SUPER SAIYAN 😭
I don't get DD being made this way. Isn't he a NYC vigilante?
Will it be released for PS4? At the end it says it has
So why haven't your animators been hired to make a series yet?
what a disrespect for xbox one users
Is Murdock the villian of S4 with “The Beast” possessing him?
Who tf is that, that aint daredevil from hells kitchen bro wth
Can we bring back 6 and 4 stacks for competitive matchmaking? So many people are leaving because they can’t play with their friends and it’s a team oriented multiplayer hero shooter. Makes no sense to only have duo queue in upper ranks, also the comm bans are insane. You can’t use any curse words at all, season 0 and 1 were so good but now the games got 90% less players, clearly the changes aren’t all good
Finally, a TANK! And another....duelist...Seriously?
How is no one talking about the crazy animation?
What I like about this is that it isn’t really a battle between good and evil, just two opposing sides of justice. (Btw, Matt isn’t possessed by the beast, it’s a spirit known as dizang, the protector of kun Lun(that’s what I thought at first but no, dizang is his new title, kinda like the iron fist)). Angela is someone who can be hotheaded and does not believe in second chances, and wants immediate justice for what hela has done in service of knull, but Matt want fair justice, giving hela another chance to atone for her sins against the chronoverse.
Anyone else notice the hand symbol above Angela’s head at 1:14? Think that happen when marked by daredevils ult?
Angela says that Daredevil is "Dizang! Guardian of the Eighth City" so that means this Daredevil is not Matt Murdock. Then where is Matt Murdock? Is NetEase deliberately like the Iron Fist case Danny Rand was replaced by Lin Lei?
I wonder if the hand symbol above angela that apapeared after 1:14 is only after daredevil used his ult or is it because he can detect her like Punisher's passive ability.
Why did this animation make me wanna read all of DD's comics now dawg ? 😭💔🥀
which one is coming out first?
Why is daredevil fighting an Asgardian with real power ? He’d get his ass whopper irl
I really wish they could add Angela's wifeyy Sera into the game too. And i noticed at 1:14 Angela has a sort of mark, maybe dare devils ult blinds enemies?
Why do I got feeling that ironfist is going to be very important in this season
Is Daredevil's VA the same as MKX Scorpion???
Why is Angela buffer than standard she hulk?  She's the assassin of asgard, not the roid rager of asgard.
Is that a comic daredevil? I ain’t remember him having powers like that?
When is cross progression being implemented?
Who even is Angela? I have no idea but she looks cool & has 8-pack abs.
how tf does dare devil have godly abilities isnt he just a blind batman like detective roaming around in nyc ?
What in the Asura Wrath am I seeing, this is HYPE asf
Did we just get a flying tank and another dps?
Can we get a legendary magneto skin this season?
Is that a… is that a.. a yokai?
When I was in high school, my father passed away - after this, I developed an addiction to video games.   It got to the point I would stay up all night until daybreak playing competitive video games, and this went on for several years  Strange thing happened though: in my 20's, I became a follower of Jesus Christ after praying to God and asking if Jesus is really His Son and died on the cross for me, and if angels and demons and all that is real  Long story short, He showed and proved to me it's all real  Not reaching out to judge anyone... like I said I used to enjoy these things very much  But now I found freedom from that, joy in life rather than addiction, and surprisingly now I'm one of those people who I used to think are such weirdos: going around and telling people about Jesus haha  Inviting you to pray and ask God the same thing I did and give it a try - what do you have to lose?  -------  For anyone interested in how God proved these things to me, here is more info about experiencing His Almighty power:  After coming to Christ, I got water baptized and began to tell people about Jesus on the streets with other believers.  On several occasions, the Lord used me and other Christians I know to do supernatural things - just like it says in scripture:  -praying for people to be healed in Jesus' Name and they were supernaturally healed: injured legs to where a person couldn't walk right, sicknesses and headaches went away, etc.  -praying for people and demons manifest, sometimes speaking an evil otherworldly language, and the devils come out of the person in the name of Jesus Christ, just how it's described happening in the Bible  -believers in Christ being able to speak with a supernatural heavenly language that is not of earth (speaking in new tongues)  -also, there were times when people came to attack me when I was preaching on the street alone, and I prayed for God's protection - in one instance, an aggressive person got supernaturally pushed a good distance away when they got near me, and in another instance the angry person approaching me seemed to get 'stuck' at a certain point where something invisible was blocking them, and they couldn't approach any further  Mark 16:17-18  17 these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues;  18 They shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.
00:25 is CONAN THE BARBARIAN? SHAO-KAHN?
A flying angel tank? and dare devil is a tank as well ?
Does anyone know what daredevil was saying when he screamed
What are they feeding the Lawyers in NYC? 🙏😭
Why is Daredevil fighting a Spawn character 😂.
Is that a ps4 logo I see there? 💀💀💀
Hi, I have a question. I hope someone can answer. I arrived about a month ago in Season 3, and I'm reading that with the Deluxe Pass, I can unlock rewards from previous seasons. Is that true? Can I access Seasons 1 and 2 and unlock things even though I arrived in Season 3?
Are the artists at Netease allowed to ever go home? Banger after banger
Was that Angela from spawn ? Cause same weapon and look
WTF did I just watch? Daredevil is now a dragon?
Can I just say? Hell yeah, dude.
atp, Guangguang can we have a Rivals donghua 🫴🏾😭?
When I see any support wearing a Swimsuit skin Imma: 1:10
Ngl I stopped playing this when the first season ended due to me going back to elden ring. Should I come back?
Is this Daredevil even Matt Murdock or is it another Daredevil?
Are they really gonna add marvel rivals too the ps4?
How is a blind dude fighting a literal angel? Well, he’s a pretty good lawyer.
Anyone else notice when Daredevil lets the Devil out. Angela has a hand with eye icon above her head! Does that mean Daredevil can track people with his ult? Or it's a passive?
1:12 Angela has a icon above her head after dare devil tweaks out?
Is that Aleks Le voicing Daredevil? It kinda sounds like him.
Why is this game so dope? I can't wait for Gambit, Cyclops, Deadpool, and The Juggernaut!
why does this game have to be sooooooo chinese???
Is Dare Devils VA also Sung Jin Woo?!
Can't chinese companies stop with forced cultural thing on IP that has nothing to do with it ?
Is that Patrick Steitz voicing Daredevil?? Hard to tell but when Daredevil screams "OUT!", it sounds just like Scorpion from Mortal Kombat.
Are we sure he’s a street tier?
Can't they talk it over, like civilized folk?
Did foggy get life, red? - punisher
Can the game come to the Switch 2?
Since when can Daredevil summon a dragon?
Any spawn fans out there hyped for angela ??
They really gave me steroids huh?
I wonder how Angela's interactions will be with her brothers Thor and Loki and her niece Hela
i wonder if they could get away with giving daredevil a kamen rider hibiki skin
is it me or daredevil looks like akira from devilman crybaby when he says let the devil out ?
Wasn't Angela a character owned by Image Comics and fought against Spawn???
Why is it saying ps4 I have one yet it doesn't show up when I look on my ps4
Is Daredevil fighting Helya or Valkyria?
I would had preffered Shang-Chi over Angela. To me she is way too overrated and meh. Shang-Chi would make way more sense for this season also to me. But that's just my opinion. Ok?
Please tell me Angela going to be Vanguard?
Okay so we've got Daredevil and... who's the other one?
Who is the one-winged angel?
What does a devil and an angel have to do with dragons? Nothing. Why do chinese companies work SO hard to insert Asian themes into their games every few months? Do American games force a cowboy theme several times a year? Do Nordic company games force Viking themes every few months? Just curious, do Chinese companies literally have a government mandate to do this? Because I see it in game after game whose over all theme has nothing really to do with chinese culture and feels in conflict with the world building in those games to the point of being immersion breaking.
Why is Angela evil and attacking daredevil?
Bro is that the GOAT Aleks Le voicing Daredevil????
Oh, a new season for Marvel Rivals, WAIT ITS COMING FOR PS4????
Why is Marvel rivals animation keep getting better and better🤯
What do you mean daredevil scrapping with god ??? 😂
Who else thinks Marvel Rivals should get a TV Show! 🙋‍♂️
Okay do I speak for everyone when I say I want an animated show/movie about this game with this animation?
Have yall considered making an anime?
Why are your teasers so F-ing Flashy?   It becomes uncomfortable to watch them. Also they look cheap and make you seem a bit "desperate for attention".
will the screen be black when playing as daredevil?
I wonder will they add she-hulk or rogue someday?
Why add Angela when u could’ve added so many better characters, like apocalypse, doom, exodus, sentry, etc… also still no cross progression so what’s the point
I wonder if this Daredevil is under the influence of The Beast. I’d assumed this would be like the white suit Hand of God daredevil, given divine power, but the “let the devil out” when he activates his ult and darkness of his power up seem to imply it’s something malicious.
What a strange way to introduce Daredevil. Losing faith in this game.
Why does the game hate facial hair? Daredevil should have stubble
Why does daredevils voice sound like Alex Lee the voice of Jin woo from solo leveling
Can you guys PLEASE make an animated series with this animation my god its insanely good
Who is the other person who isn’t daredevil?
Where is Polaris??? I see a trinket for her, but come on, lets get her in the game already!!
Will we be blind while playing dare devil???
Is this Wanda in her dragon from at the end?
How are we going to play dare devil if he’s blind
Does anyone else notice the "PS4" logo at the end of the video?  Is that true?
what did they do to my daredevil
Angela is in the game. Does that mean we can have spawn?
Is daredevil voice actor same as Jiren from dragon ball ?
Is this the version of Daredevil that is possessed by the beast of the hand?
What in the marvel holy war is happening?!?!
Why are they not making a show with this animation
When you get to heaven and its Chinese
The animation looks good, but I'm reeeaaaally not a fan of that Angela design- like, daredevil looks alright, what the hell happened while they were designing her?
who is this wwe girls for real, what is the point of releasing 1 hype character and an unknown hero intentionnaly MR ???
Can someone tell me the name of that angel girl??
is the angel lady Valkyrie or someone else?
WHAT ARE THEY FEEDING THESE ANIMATORS
Wait who is the bad guy this season?
Damn, On a Streak I am, I knew Angela was going to be the next but daredevil, how does he fit?
How is daredevil able to match blows with an angelic god?    he's a REALLY good lawyer
Is that Matt Murdock's Daredevil?
how we gonna play as a blind man 😂
Why does Angela have One Wing? Does she have a Sephiroth skin that we can purchase?
Season themed around Iron fist too, classic skin incoming?
HOLY COOK WHAT ARE THEY FEEDING THE ANIMATORS!?!?!?!??!?
why tf does he have superpowers?
Since when did the mcu have hawkgirl?
What in the dragon ball z
WHAT FKIN ANIME AM I WATCHING????
Am I the only one who knows Angela is connected to Spawn?
Sooo can we get a support instead?
What do they feed the animators
Must I play Season 1-3?
I wonder if Daredevil will actually play very different than his comic book versions with actual super power speed judging from this trailer. He is probably powered up by someone or something
I wonder if Matt ultimate ability would be like that cloak and dagger terror cape ability where the whole enemy team would get blinded for a certain time limit
IS THAT ALEKS LEE MY GOAT?? All im ever gunna hear playing daredevil is lighter
can anybody confirm, this means a new battlepass is coming Sept 12 right ?
Who are the actors who make the voices?
Yo guys, i have decent aim in rivals but i am hard stuck plat. Any tips to rank up ?
She said something about the 8th city in the beginning. Does this mean that in Rivals DareDevil is an Immortal Weapon?
What kinda super soldiers serum is Matt on to even be going toe to toe with a Demo Goddess. Trailers gas$$$$
So I read the description and it seems this isn't Matt Murdock but someone called Dizang? Or am I wrong?
The devil is the good one and an angel is the bad one... Am I watching the shonen version of hazbin hotel?
What did those animators smoke to produce something like that? Holy.
What in the Asuras Wrath is going on here
Now that Angela is in the game... When is Venom getting his (not)Spawn costume?
The best I've ever seen Dare Devil look.  Who the heck is the other female character? and Where is she from?? Iron Fist comics?
IS THAT MY GOAT ALEKS LE?????????????
When it comes to trailers, Rivals CLEARS Overwatch
Midtown for DareDevil Anyone? I wonder if Charlie Cox would be playing his character with his fans?
WHY IS ANGELA BUILT LIKE THAT??? HOLY PEAK
Peoples wishes for Daredevil to come to this game have been answered, also what beef is there between him and Angela?
Can Daredevil actually do these things?
how he got a buff before he even dropped
Anyone else hear the heartbeat and a bit of Daredevil’s theme at the end??
Ain't no way they add another DPS hero right? RIGHT?
How is Daredevil is able to fight an Asguardian? It's kinda lame giving street tier character too much powers.
So they are going to give daredevil those weird demon powers he and punisher had for some time?
How is he doing all dat
So is daredevil being powered up by Shou-Lao or the Beast?
WTF?!!!!  This is man or woman?
0:54 isn’t this just the newest iron fist mvp?
Why does Marvel Rivals animation look way better than Marvel Studio's animation?
I wonder if they'll do the red and yellow suit as a ranked reward
LET THE DEVIL OOOOOUT  edit: is that a hand above angela? hand of god?
Why they putting Malenia Blade of Miquella in Marvel Rivals?
Patrick Seitz as Daredevil? Did I hear the voice right?
Does no one see that it says PS4??
How is this game gonna run on someone’s PS4 from 2013?  Can’t wait for that instalock DPS PS4 player running at 30FPS to throw my games.
Am I the only one who saw it saying PS4 at the end?
Why is ps4 in the thumbnail
Why is no one talking about the PS4 logo at the end?
Can we agree that hawkeye and daredevil are like the wolverines from the vigilantes of marvel? They always end in a situation facing sum bullshet
Is this matt? Or some other dude as DD as a comic variant?
Who is the big muscle mommy??
Iron fist looking at what's going on in his backyard: What the hell is this?
What in the world is going on 1:22
why there a heart beat at the end of the video? skills teaser?
why i feel like this version of Daredevil like Khazan the berserker?
Everyone is just talking about Daredevil, but who is the woman???
Marvel Rivals without villains, aka rivals. When will we be able to play as other villains besides Hela and Ultron?
Why tf Valkyrie is so buffed 😭 ?
Is that Angela? Wow, deep cut for a character pick.
I know dare devil but who is she?
Can we get more Vanguards please? There are already too many DPS.
Wait, PS4? Is this real? Are my dreams finally coming true?
How great would it be if they were able to get her Spawn outfit from Mcfarlene
Imma need some help from the comments, whos the muscle one winged angel lady?
So do we get a black screen as we play as Daredevil ?
Is that a freaking Angela? Also it may be the first chinese game where they are not afraid to make a muscular female.
How much more tuff can a game get…
Is that third dragon a new character or the main villain?1:33
Pause, is Daredevil voiced by Alex Lee?
This is just a skin for Dare Devil, right?
Who is that buffed dude and why is he cosplaying Angela?
Is that aleks le as daredevil?
What in the anime…. That sequence was so hard.
So we are all Daredevil mains now?
so this is dizang, some rivals OC and not matt? I knew we were getting custom marvel characters but we really using OCs already? and they're replacing existing characters? Bruh is this daredevil even blind?
Ps4 getting a port? What about Xbox One??
why tf did they make daredevil chinese??
So a tank and a DPS release?
i have a theory for daredevils ult, a big smoke cloud is released and no one can see in it. But marks appear above everyones head for only him and he gets a damage buff (above angelas head there is a hand mark when he says the sick line) and there may be teamups for certain characters where they can see through the smoke?
But DD is a street level fighter, but you made him equel to a god? She is Thor's sister. What the hell? Why giving him all this mistical bs?
Yo, I'm sorry, like this was epic and all... But isn't Daredevil just a blind guy with enhanced senses while Angela is an asgardian, basically a god? Did I miss something?
WHY THE HELL U GIVE A BLIND 🥷🏿 SUPER SAYIAN?
Is it bad if i want that you would see absolutelly nothing as Daredevil?😂 Only when you hear something?
1:15 date devil ability? Look at the eye hand. He makes others blind, like cloak?
Why are his eyes glowing? There’s nothing there. His ears should be glowing
How will they pull this off on PS4?
Are these gonna be their default skins??
I wonder what power up DD got in lore so that he’d be able to fight that other character who idc about but ik is powerful
what in the naruto sasuke fight was that holyyyyyyyyy
WHEN tf was daredevil ever moving like this 💀
Will she be a vanguard? Please?
Why they giving daredevil this much motion 😮
Does anyone know their voice actors?
Does that angel lady know she’s beating up a blind guy?
What did you do with Angela? She doesn't look like the comic book version. And if Emma was a successful adaptation, Angela is a complete failure. God, why does her sister Hela look amazing, but she doesn't. I wonder what inspired you. Good luck with the online in that case, Daredevil is the last hope of season 4
isn't daredevil just some blind guy who punches? why he got demon powers lol. Isn't he street level? the hell is he gonna do against an Asgardian
HOLY F*CK CAN WE GET THIS TEAM TO ANIMATE A SHOW????
Who tf are these crazy ass animators, my god its amazing.
Is the other character Aldrif Odinsdottir? Lost sister of loki and thor, firstborn of odin. If so, another obscure character, nice.
1:29 what’s that in the bottom left hand corner?
Why do they always hold onto this Asian sht,like why so many Asian themes,like c'mon man,so many skins on this theme,and now a whole season,cmoooooon!!!!
What they did to my boy matt?
blind character, do we need to use only our ear to play him?
So the description identifies daredevil as dizang. Is this not Matt? Cause that would be interesting and curious?
Can someone post a reference where DD is actually this powerful?
Why does it say PS4 at the end????? 😮
Why are there 2 more Duelists?
1:35 why does it say PS4?!?!?
I wonder Kingpin reacts a this trailer's daredevil...
IS THAT MY GOAT DAREDEVIL???????? HE IS COMING WAAAAAAY SOONER THAN I'VE EVER EXPECTED AND THAT'S A VERY GOOD THING TO SAY. I CAN'T WAIT MAN.
How is daredevil going toe to toe with her?
Angela went from fighting Spawn to Daredevil  What at a transition!!!?
wait, daredevil has a stand now?
Bro where DareDevil get all this? What comic did he do a fraction of this in??
Does THICC Angela mean she is a Vanguard? Hope so
Super cool. I'm excited. Last season wasn't really my thing. What do you think?
Can someone tell me who that female character is? I’m not well versed with comic so I have absolutely no idea who she is
I know who daredevil is but who the hell is that bombshell??
WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT HOW IT SAID PS4 AND PS5 AT THE END?!!
Subtitles say Dizang, others are saying Angela.... Can she just take me now?
is Angela a tank? is she gonna be flying? my 2nd main after Emma finally they listened ❤
Where is our Animated series! We need it yesterday, This is so Peak🔥
Why is no one complaining that yet again we got another DPS character? 🤦
Why is daredevil fighting an asgardian
CAN WE GIVE THE ANIMATORS AND VOICE ACTORS AND THE SOUND DESIGNERS A RAISE?!
Why at first did that actually sound like Charlie Cox
Is the Daredevil VA Aleks Le? Aka JinWoo from Solo Leveling
Holy cow I'm early, This actually rocked..  0:24 MOMMY ???
Is daredevil from Psylocke universe? Why does he have proper superpowers
What in the unholy name of Shounen Manga is this JoJo nonsense?  Looks cool but not how I expected Daredevil to be portrayed.
When we finally get DD but he's chinese: No, it's fine. I just… I just didn't think he'd be Chinese.
So Angela's the next main villain, or is someone else working behind the scenes?
What is the name of this anime
So the season after this one we're gonna get 2 healers, right?
anyone willing to bet these are two dps ?
so if daredevil is Alex Le will he shitpost as daredevil?
Is Angela supposed to be this buff? Wow!
why they cooked a whole ass anime for this?? This low k tuff asf
When are we getting a TV Show in this style?
Can u guys stop making everything asian themed?
Is he gonna have powers or is that just visuals for the trailer?
Im not pratical of comics, i know that he is daredevil but who is she?
When Deadpool is going to appear
Why is Daredevil's armor so... asian?
Daredevil is built like Cap. Surely a tank?
who the hell is this, this is not my devil but I want what he's having, jumped from street tier to angel tier
What does a dragon even have to do with daredevil 😭😭😭 he's just a guy. This game becoming too chinese every moment, and who even is that girl
So Daredevil is a ninja and has Cosmic Powers?
From a Hawk to a Devil, what's next for Marvel Rivals?
Is that Jinwoo VA or am I tripping?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN PS4?!!! FINALLY I CAN PLAY RIVALS?!!!
Is that a vanguard I see? 🎉
So is daredevil going to be a villain or the whole demon thing is just an explanation as to why he can fight against literal gods?
so daredevil blinds enemies with his ult and marks them?
PlayStation 4 but no Switch 2?
Is there a reason that Angela only has one wing?
why is lawyer just fighting god
Are they releasing game on ps4 now?
Is that the same DareDevil I know?? Damn...bro really said "let the devil out"🔥🔥😂
So a Tank and a Dps ?
What is with the impact frames 🙏
After daredevil says “let the devil out” Angela has some pink thing above her head. Anyone see that?
Why does DD have powers tho?
Why does that say ps4? 😂😂😂 net ease trying to burn people's houses now?😂
How many times you watched the trailer?  Me: lost count
is this Daredevil &  Angela Odinsdottir, Thor 's sister?
When Iron Fist and Daredevil find me alone 😢
WAIT IS THAT ALEKS LE I HEAR???
Who is the Daredevil VA? I really like him a lot for my boy
I wonder what the story is with regards to Daredevil having mystical abilities in this trailer
Does anyone know when the trailer for BP will come out?
Ps4 ? What kind of witchcraft is that ???
Me playing Daredevil when he comes out: wait why is the screen black?
My bad guys can I have dibs on the angel muscle mommy..?
At the end of this trailer was PS4 logo, soo Marvel Rivals is coming for PS4 ? But how old harddrive in PS4 will handle the doctor’s strange’s portal’s ?
why not have normal daredvil u cowerdssssssssss why r u afrid of mortal superherosssss
Is this aleks lee voicing daredevil?
M.... Mommy?  Muscle Mommy? Angela is now?
So is Daredevil a hero or a villain?
1:17 does one of DD’s abilities mark with blind?
Are we gonna get a cartoon or what? These trailers are such a tease with level of animation you guys have.
WHY DAREDEVIL ARE THE FUCKING SAMURAI????????? what is the problem with giving a character an original recognizable look?
What happened to captain marvel coming to the game
Can someone explain how dare devil is able to go tor to toe with a very powerful asgaurdian?
Can we have carnage in season 5? I don’t care if it’s preplanned I just wanna play carnage
literally peak 🙏🙏🙏  chat are we so back?
Did daredevil always have those powers? I thought he was street level? Someone explain Please
Angela looks insane!!!! So does Darwdevil!!! Holy cow Ricals is getting better with their character designs. How is that even possible!?
So...does DareDevil have powers now?
1:17 what is this green?
Crap what if Spawn is going to be in Marvel Rivals?
Brother, when AM I GETTING DEADPOOL????
Confused. Why is Daredevil seemingly a bad guy?
Is my screen just black when I play daredevil?
How the PS4 port is possible?
Is it coming out on ps4?? If so thats actually so cool
What in the anime is this? 🤮
Angela is trans and Daredevil is an Iron Fist? People are glazing this?
What are they feeding these animators bruh
Love it, amazing, giving 10 where 10 are due! But this is TANK and DPS.... where the support at????
Isn't daredevil gonna be ANOTHER dps????
People still play this dead game?
Bruh What is my lawyer doing??
Was that Aleks Lee voicing daredevil???
Guys, Why is Mommy and Daddy Fighting?
Why is Angela a muscle mommy 😭. Ay I'm here for it
who made them cook this hard
When are you going to add Charles...?
Rivals Map wishlist Attilan XavierInstitute AvengersTower AvengersMansion AvengersCompound AsteroidM Atlantis TheDailyBugle Contraxia Chronoplis Chandilar Camelot CampLehigh Mojoworld Collector's Ship Breakworld Genosha Savagelands MonsterIsle Knowhere Latveria+CastleDoom EgotheLivingPlanet Helicarrier Fisktower Triskelion Kamar-taj OmnipotenceCity Blueareaofthemoon MuirIsland Madripoor Ryker'sIsland TheRaft TheKyln Lighthouse RedRoom MountOlympus Xandar NegativeZone Titan Hala Hell Hell'skitchen Sakaar Oscorp KunLun Ta-Lo Limbo Otherworld PlanetX Halfworld Microverse Shadowland MountWundagore ImmortalCity Talokan Jabari-Lands Subterranea Sokovia MidtownHigh TempleofAtlas MansionAlpha AlphaFlightIsland Jigoku-Chu Castle DarkDimension NoorDimension Quantumrealm Nidavellir Alfheim Jotunheim Muspelheim Svartalfheim Portprometheus LakeHellas Duat Sevit TVA Others?
Will there be a rank reset? i dont think i can handle another big reset, mentally itll destroy people lol
Why can't we get a show like this 👌
A new dps? Are we fr???
wait it says ps4 at the end, is rivals actually going to be added to that ??
uh why is angela roided out? disgusting. did you learn the wrong lesson from emma frosts reception?
are tank mains finally eating good?❤️‍🔥🥹
So Angela as Tank and DD as Duelist, right?
Netease is it new season naraka blade point?
They only showed us a skin and a new hero…  Who’s the other one gonna be?
When did Rivals become Anime, yooo Those Impact frames goes hard af ❤🔥💀
Did Daredevil just go Super Sayian!?
When has Daredevil ever done this stuff bro 😭🙏
why can't we just get a traditional Daredevil outfit instead of this Asian inspired stuff. so tired of these costumes. I just want the traditional iconic outfits for a change.
Why is Daredevil channeling evil supernatural forces?  He's just a martial artist with radar senses.
Why tf is dare devil looking so big
Why was daredevil movin like iron fist bruh
Can we please get something different than Chinese themed characters ? I know it's coming from a Chinese company, but it would be cool to not have so much Chinese influence on every hero
Did Odin only feed Angela and Thor?
So angela’s a tank! WE ARE SO BACK. AND DAREDEVIL IS BULKY? Is he also. tank?
Is that…. A flying tank I see?
How many buffs will Luna get this time?
Why is he blind  Marvel rivals is dead 😢
