Any chance the Vespids will be expanded into a full army?
Why lasgun shots are yellow? In so many games and cinematics they was yellow but they become yellow?
why are the vespid getting clapped in the trailer lol. I can confirm they are eating the aquilons for breakfast on the tabletop
Why is she wearing a beret? A helmet would be useful for a mission like this.
Can someone explain to me what this is. Basicly at trailer for new lore being added?
Why wouldn't this be a tau game against unending guardsmen
Why the good guys always getting killed in a sad way in these 40k cinematics
Do this videos get made when new figures drop?
can we just appreciate the Tau getting beaten at the own game with that Scion Gun Drone? that was the true MVP lol.
Eldar to Tau: Ha, you call that an assault young ones?
I thnk it's the firs time we get some tempestus Scions on screen right?
When a single Servo turrent shoots down more enemies than you entire elite squard. You know you are bad. 😂😂😂 (Also one of those are a mercy kill)
@1:41 is that the sound from an M56 Smartgun from Aliens???
What the hell was that gun in the beginning?  It was as big as a frigging battlecruiser!
when does the new kill team release?
Who else is pumped for secret level
Love the Servitor, someone now the name of that servitor?
Where is dawn of war remastered 😢
do you know which studio made this awesome trailer by the way ?
can the tau ever not job?
I'm not to familiar with scions but what is that robot?
I’ve played warhammer for 30 years. The hell is a vespid?
I love the models and KT is your best game right now by far, but why bother with a trailer when you're only going to make 5 boxes to sell?
is this new pc game coming out ?
Is this trailer for new game?
How dark is the 40K universe?   Answer : The wasps are taller than you and have guns. It's damn GRIM.
Aren't Tau expert marksmen? Shouldn't they have hit that turrent the moment it touched down?
Why haven't you guys made a fully animated movie?
What an amazing trailer! Absolutely stunning! Really stocked that you’ve reused the composition I made for the previous Kill Team trailer! ❤️‍🔥
Amazing animation work. Also: VESPID PLASTICS?
so a normal day in warhammer 40k?
Who the hell gave vespids railguns?
Is this the edition where the tyranids finally get a bespoke team? If not, I don't care
Is the first scene with the tau, where he hides behind a wall and the guys next to him gets shot, is it just me or is that almost like the one with Korps of kreig?
Is it too much to ask for every model model release have such a nice intro?
I don't get it, these Imperial guard aren't incompetent and screaming in terror whilst in the fetal position until the Space Marines arrive. Is GW unwell?
How do you guys keep raising the bar EVERY SINGLE TIME!!!!! HOW??????????? The phrase 'sky is the limit' definitely does NOT apply to you. Kudos to the team who built this trailer. High quality stuff!! Please keep us fans surprising ❤
Is this a game a show or boardgame?
I wonder if itll be a squad of 5 or 10 in a box. Just asking so i can print krieg heads
Why do these guardsmen look like they're wearing black legion armor?
I dont know must about wh40 but this bug is same bug in space marine2 game?
I don’t believe I’ve seen those particular xenos before, anyone know what species they are and how they are related to the commie fish tau?
Why didn’t they bring the crab turret
Can i get that servo crab turret in plushie form??
I think the real question is will there be a stormboyz kill team?
Why they armor looks like chaos ones, and why we keep fighting Tau I know Empire of man is a faschist reghime but still, good ally worth a lot... We can even make Orcs a tool cause they would be shitty ally anyways...
Would real Tempestus Scions get wiped out by a bunch of lousy Geonosians? I doubt it!
How crisper are those visuals getting!!   I reckon a certain animator who shall remain nameless is helping 👀
It's not for video game ?
is that just 4000 points of kill teams?
CoD/Battlefield game with guardsmen when?
Is this gonna be a game or?
is this in space marine 2???
Why does this trailer go hard af
Is this a game? Looks amazing
I’m gonna guess, the box will have 10 Scions, at least 1 maybe 2 of the small walker drones, 10 maybe 12 Vespids, and maybe a munitorum containers set?
Umm, this game came out 10yrs ago on Steam and has been pulled? So this is Kill Team 2?
They couldn’t give the vespids at least one clean kill?
What is it a trailer for? I don't understand.
What's up with the Vespid hype?
Warhammer pulling out the greater goods eh?
When will there be a proper movie or series with this level of care and quality? Would love to see the eisenhorn trilogy put to screen!
Are they called Kill Team because they all get killed every time they are sent into battle?
What was that servo turret called?
Tau not getting one sidedly killed? in official warhammer ? how is this possible???
This is the 40k millennium... What do they mean, the stakes just got higher?
is this the only type of game you guys can make nowadays?  Four player co-op wave shooter?
What a good time to have a friend that has a Tau Army while I have an Imperial Guard one!
Chat, are those tyranids or are those TAU?
How tight is that beret on to stop it from coming off while flying?
Anyone else catch the M41A Pulse Rifle sound @ 1:40, or was that just me?
When grilling a steak, you can start by cooking it over high heat to sear it, then move it to a lower heat to prevent it from drying out. This technique is called indirect grilling. For example, you can sear a 1-inch steak for 3–4 minutes per side over direct, high heat, then move it to indirect heat until it reaches your desired internal temperature. You can also try reducing the heat to low on one side of the grill so you can move the steak around and get color.
1:20 are these sound assets from astartes?
Is it me or this trailer is pretty Imperium sided? Tau forces deaths have them squashed like flies and numerous. The Imperium deaths are heroic, in slow mo, to the last and few. Gw, you should be careful with the favoritism!
Does this mean we're getting a Vespid Killteam?
What was the mission here? Stop the tau from sabotaging the gun? Unfortunately the scions failed.
Wasn't there a Kill Team game on Xbox 360?
Nice! _THIS_ I gotta have. New Tempestus Scions and New Vespid models???
1:41 is that the Aliens pulse rifle I hear?
Are they making a kill team video game or is this just for the table top have a new models?
Why can't we have more animated series, legit question?
Is this a game or what? Cuz in the description it says Game and Gaming? But no where in video or other descriptions say anything else
Why is there a cinematic for this?
So is this a Trailer for a new Videogame or a watchable series?
Are we gonna get completely different rules like we did when killteam 2 came out?
What a time to be a 40k player
Why do all the guns go PEW PEW PEW (including the ones that use bullets)?
What an amazing cinematic, though I do love the bomb squig :(
What is this? Is it a movie, show, game, tabletop set?  They show us this cool cinematic and not tell us what it is promoting
Is there option for the scions to have no jet pack?
Is it just me or does this feel like the Astartes-Guy was involved in the creation of this trailer?
Where is the GRIM DARK in this futur ?
ok but can this be a video game? i can be the only one who wants this as a video game right?
The stakes are always high. What else is new?
How sigma are these plastic men
Is this a videgane trailer? What is it? I'm a 40k noob.
I love this new design compared to the classic scions. Love the return of the berets too.  Wondering why lasguns have box magazines though 🤔 extended clips?
what are Tau doing on an imperial world?
Is this just a new Kill Team addition or the start of a new season? When is the new season, please? I want a updated compendium as I refuse to buy the current one when it is already obsolete.
Wait are those humans armor are they part of the chaos?
When i see like special troops fighting against bugs the only one think in my head... "Yes, i want know more"
Wait, is this a trailer for a video game, or for the tabletop wargame?
Welcome to the wasp's nest. But who's the wasp for who ?
So we are going to have Steak dinner in the sky?
They have Geonosians in Warhammer now?
Why do Imperial troops loose in EVERY cinematic? Why they can't win just for once???
Can I's tell my momma?
Why isn't that Sergeant wearing a helmet.
What is going on with this Armour? Why does it look like it's got all this Chaos trim on it? Also, that gun servo-skull at 0:26 is the GOAT.
Why'd they  change lasfire from being red beams to yellow bolt like its Star Wars all  of a sudden?
Why did she bring a Las pistol, tempestors not allowed plasma pistols now?
Is it just a 4-man Scion team? Trailer made a point of focusing on just the 4 of them. I get that Fly is super powerful but no way it's just 4 dudes, right?
Vespid with Ion-Cannon and Rail-Rifles?
Railguns AND Airburst frag launcher? What a treat!  Do extra eyes make you extra accurate?
What a cinematic, been waiting for this for a long time now amazing work can't wait to pick up the new box!
Why no helmet on the sgt. Seems dumb good vid besides that.
Yey, highly mobile troops packing some serious long range weapons . . . when's everybody else going to be getting something to counter this, which is the polite, inclusive way of asking Swooping Hawks when?!?
