Why didnt you give him a nickname or something.. I was thinking what Measure they are talking about..? How you weld whole night and employees dont feel the smell in the morning??
What are you talking about? Less weight is an advantage for structural nehavior. Misleading,Nonsense.
Henry van Dyck sounds Dutch, is that true?
Wouldn’t it just fall straight down collapsing on itself like the World Trade Center did?
Why we let churches to disrupt everything and don't paid taxes as if they are something more than a business.
They tore down that beautiful church and rebuilt... That?
would be interesting to see how a massive storm can take a 90 degree turn. its a free floating mass after its detached from its real "fixed" low pressure. and it operates as a free mass. You need to basically use the same amount of newton to change its direction with 90 degrees as it carries. Try calculating how many tons of water and gas it carries. I might be wrong and you can possbily take advatage of its gyroscopic motion and put a tiny pressure at it somewhere and make it change direction, but then why is this not done in big storms?
Was the student ever recognized? I really want to appreciate their insightfulness.👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿
Wasn't there a an episode in Numb3rs with a Damper like this?
what great tragedy, that church building is ugly as sin
18:53 every how many years?
They destroyed the old church? Why? This is not a Catholic church, is it?
18:54 every how many years?
So who called him? If it was the female, it was her paper and studies. How or why would it have been the other dude?
Why couldnt they just hire more welders and a bigger team to complete the work faster instead of doing all the disaster planning and increasing the risk? Only ethical reason would be lack of skilled labour, but surely they  could have done it faster and in time.
Why am I not surprised that dummies thought putting a building on toothpicks was ok.
What they did to that poor church. Yikes.
Why the heck didn't they look at the quartering winds initially????
7:56 "never before in a building"? What about pagoda?
This brings up an interesting problem: how do you demo a skyscraper surrounded by skyscrapers?
18:53 sixty seven you say?
I greatly appreciate the type of story that this is compared to the disaster that it could have been if nobody found out about it or decided to stay silent.... But how in God's green earth is checking how the wind affects a building on the corners not something that was a fundamental standard practice in this field?! That seems like an absurd oversight, we only checked how the wind hits the building two different ways. As if the wind doesn't blow against the building in all directions?
I wonder what year it would have toppled if they did nothing
9:30 - this dampening effect, does it share properties with a ship's anchor by any chance?
So what if there is a power outage the stabalizer stops working?
Shouldn’t this be obvious? Are these engineers just stupid?
I'd still have been upset to learn all this if I lived in the area. They say they didn't want to cause panic, but there was literally only a last-minute change in path of a hurricane that averted total catastrophe.  And they were just not going to tell anyone who lived/worked in the area? How much advanced warning would they have gotten? Long enough to descend 50+ floors?
With a 100% probability of total collapse within 22 years.... I mean there's not much to "hope" for, is there?
When it's about security and building, US engineers are using very well the metric system 😅 no more talking in lbs, oz, inch and other bs.
20 years of secrecy until the article about the project came to light, and it's first after the article came out that New York updates their building code require quartering wind calculations? And yet this is considered ethical? What am I missing?
Since all went well this is a beautiful story to tell, but it makes you wonder, how many other buildings have their flaws yet undiscovered?
What is the question? I'm not watching a 33 minute video for this.
"1 in 16 chance of collapse that very fall" is assuming a 100% chance that the power is knocked out, no?
so just by using 14 bolts they would have profit millions of dollars instead the first design: welded??
the couldn't have had the stilts on the corners and just rotate the building 45 degress?
When all previous notes are put together, the following conclusion can be drawn:
Who ever says 67, which is not going to happen lol. Will be classified as a "Lil bro"
What a fantastic amount of denial and gaslighting. A bunch of rich white men self-congratulating their ethical upstandingness for doing what exactly? Lying to tens of thousands of people at risk in the name of "avoiding mass panic"? (Translation: We don't want to lose a tremendous amount of money and face.) The idea that it was some act of heroism not to either 1) kill himself and let all the people in that building die, or 2) run away and keep it a secret until it fell (also letting all those people die and essentially having the same professional ruin) is entirely absurd. There's no great moral fortitude or self-sacrifice shown here. This is just self-interest, greed and ego-based secrecy that put lives at risk and happened to work out okay because the hurricane spun back out into the ocean. His confession, such as it was, was kept in house and was driven by the inevitably of its disastrous reveal through a catastrophic collapse.
is constantly changing the thumbnail and title part of an experiment?
When I heard someone decided that bolting would be cheaper, my mind immediately went to the Hyatt Regency Hotel. Someone other than the architects and engineers involved in designing and calculating the stresses suggested something cheaper ('Oh, let's bolt instead of weld', 'oh, let's just use two rods instead of one so we don't have to cut so many threads in the rod'), to the tune of hundreds, potentially thousands of lives lost and millions of dollars in damages.
If the church had to stay in place and also have the skyscraper build right next to it, why didn't they simply rotate the building's design by 45 degrees, so that those 4 pillars would sit normally on the corners, instead of the faces' centers?
Could you begin another sentence with "so"? Please? Pretty please?
Has anyone converted the socialism units into Freedom Units, yet?  How many Bald Eagle wingspans is 110km?  Also accepting answers in Hurricane Category, and of course,  mph.
When they said this will save money i knew it was going to go well.
why do you have a video stating the company cheaped out and went with bolts, and miscalculated the forces so went with only 4 bolts, and then bang on about about lemessuriers mistake? Make sense and be consistent
Why do modern buildings look so ugly? So stupid and banal looking? So soul suckingly creepy and cold and revolting?
An absolutely riveting documentary. The newspaper strike providing a "press blackout" was an incredible stroke of luck. It raises a fascinating modern question: in the age of social media, smartphones, and citizen journalism, could an emergency repair of this magnitude ever be kept secret for months? Or would a single tweet from a late-night office worker showing welders on-site blow the whole operation open, potentially causing the very panic they sought to avoid?
They replaced Gothic architecture with a lunch box?
1:35 who was the person that agreed to replace a beautifull building by a box of ciment?
If there is stress there is strain. I wonder why he used compression and tension ? Are they different ?
We have friends in the newspaper industry, we control the unions, saving on bolts over welds, who kept the savings?
So how many buildings that didn't examine quartering winds are out there?
Same concept they used for the I-4 Eye Sore?
religion already killed millions of people, what's thousand more?
Why not give credit to the "anonymous student"?? The professor tried his absolute best to disguise her gender, and the picture shows a man. Her name is Diane Hartley and she discovered a structural flaw in the Citicorp Center, couldn't understand why it looked wrong, and began to ask questions. Her senior thesis focused on the building's engineering, where she calculated that quartering winds, hitting the building at a 45-degree angle, would stress the structure far more than was accounted for in its original design... Again, why not give her credit? Even THIS video just assumes it was a male student.
Why do you say there is no way? Do you know about Ninja Fusion Nifi Token? This is going to fly to new heights.
Can someone help What’s the background song in 1:05
Why weren’t the welding crews working 24/7 if there was an urgent need to repair the building?
Why didnt they put wind tunnels at various levels. Lets wind go thru rather than slam into building. Like when we have tornado warnings we open windows esp. cross wise windows
🎉But will the structure remain standing in a devastating earthquake?
Where was i all this long?!! This particular channel is worth more to me than Netflix!!!! With this type of content you don't have to remind people to subscribe, they'll do it willingly and unknowingly 💯✅
What an amazing piece of structural engineering history. I cannot imagine how he felt, it is immensely devastating. The 'Gothic' Church would have been Gothic Revival. And in the 60s and 70s so many beautiful old buildings were torn down😢
All engineers have that pressure to some degree. I wrote software for medical devices and one stray bit the patient could be injured or worse.  You don't think I didn't have some sleepless nights?
So 9/11 could have been a faulty situation indeed?
Why didn't they just hire 1,000 welders, pay them a BONUS stipend and finish all the "band-aid" welding in one weekend? Lawsuits would have been 1,000 time more than the cost of the BONUS Stipend.
Who pay this 4.5 $? Company?
Where have I been that I just discovered this channel with such good information?
How could they not consider quartering winds with columns/feet on the sides and not corners? The first thing they mention in the video is a chair with legs not in corners and how unstable it is. Should've been obvious this needed to be checked in this novel design
How the f that building allowed by government 😂. Look at this building make me remember my 120 kg friend sit in a tiny vietnam chair, and what will come has come . Poor tiny chair 😂
Wasn't this problem found by a woman student who was told not to bother with the problem by her elders, she went on with her hunch and asked Le Messurier and then it was worked on?
14:17 why root 2 came here?
Who gave them the right to not tell people their lives were at risk? Dafuq..
Why use ai generated graphics? You could use stock photos, but y'all are also a huge channel so you could easily commission an artist if you really wanted custom graphics 😢
Probably a dumb question, but why did they weld on additional plates, instead of just adding 10 more bolts?
So you never answer if the buildings supports had been welded as initially intended, would there still have been a problem?
What a monumental ugly project and replacing the beautiful church that needed updates with a big barren pimple of a building. Ridiculous.  Modern man breathes no life into architecture. Buildings are now symbols of the mentally dead and the imprisoned modern man.
How the fkkkk can you say he was ethical when he left the population in the red danger ZONE. Hypocrisy at it's finest! He and the CEO of whatever corps should have been jailed for endangering the public! Shame on him and all the people that covered it up!
What if there is a power cut!
I wonder what shape the most effective but also usable kind of building would have in terms of height possibility, probably a huge pyramid or cylinder I guess?
Is the goal to mispronounce "LeMessurier" as many times as possible?
What I can’t believe is that they are not giving the credit to the right person. The student engineer who made this discovery was not a male student. It was a female. Please look this up and make an apology for this engineer. Her name is Diane Hartley. Even chat gpt knows about this. Unbelievable. Give her credit and reach out to her specifically.
Citicorp (or Citicorp's insurance) paid for the repairs, not LeMessier's firm (or the firm's insurance)?
How does someone running a church get to decide t oknock a wonderful old buidling down to get a box?
can you make more video with Viet dub cause i want to understand ty ❤
Did I mention I got a C- in physics 🤡? And I can still understand what the video is saying, cool!
Didn't the engineer (LeMessurier) who built this massive building ever take a tour of the building during its construction? Didn't he ever witness bolts being used instead of welds? Didn't he ever ask, "What are you doing here?" "I didn't use bolts here; I said we should use welding."
why wouldn't you just make a pyramid with the stilts to distribute the weight and forces equally?
Typical bias, when the Structural engineer brought out an incredible design and everybody thought was it was magnificent the architect was rather rewarded for nothing but when there was a problem the Structural Engineer was the one they blamed.   You see how hypocritical everyone is.?
Which type of animation is used throughout the video?
why are all these calculations and "ah ha" moments being done after the fact?
22:53 That is 1000%  Chuck from Better call Saul.   What the heck?
now lets Talk about: building 7 how could it collapse in its own Footprint?   which other sky scraper collapsed in the same as both the twin towers did, after a plane hit?
What a legend to acknowledge his mistake and work to correct it.
enter the 9 11 conspiracies, what was done overnight in the towers?
Why destroy a beautifully built church and create some weird box?  It is happening in many places.  Years ago I saw how old Chruches were sold to other communities, even LGBT organization the built a skating place inside it.  From North America to South America to Europe.  Old Churches are destroyed because of "financial" issues.  WILLFUL ACTS!
So a church can be demolished and rebuilt in the same spot but can’t be moved to another location, probably few blocks away ?
I wonder wouldn't it be easier to just add bolts on site, instead of welding? The video never shows the actual connection that was reinforced. And yes Lemessier had made a mistake, his initial calculations were off, no matter whether connections were bolted or welded. Another question is, how were the diagonal members calculated? By my understanding, those members were well over dimensioned, since they could withstand far greater loads than initially calculated. Ok, they were calculated for the bigger component of compression than tension, latter being relatively smaller of the two, so i guess the members were fine in that sense. I am a structural engineer myself, definetly not of such caliber of course, but i have had some close calls too, and i know that feeling of balancing on knife's edge and working tirelessly to fix my own mistakes, not a good feeling at all.
one can not help but wonder what if a 911 type terrorist attack involved this building?
What a joke reppacing that beautiful old church with that....thing  Most modern architecture truily are just the most bland and generic shapes made by construction companies so that they can cut the cost on details and designing and make an eyesore to look at.
They should have kept that beautiful old church. What the heck is that monstrosity?
When it comes to skyscrapers, I would rather my building rely on the tried and the true, and not be on the "cutting edge of structural engineering."
It was 20 years before this was made public and then the building code was updated? What if another structure was designed and built without considering quartering winds in that time?
24min 22 sec of video. Time when iPhone flashes red IR light seen only by camera lens. Is it bad for the eyes because it flashes to much time in a minute, and it is a strong light specally in night time?
what a downgrade for st peters church
What a wonderful video. And thank you for the visual countdown on the ad! I love that you’re being transparent. 😊
So let me get this straight...."the structure engineer of the building" did not over engineer from the top known wind speeds........so the structure engineer failed one of the first safety check step when designing these type of buildings.......not a good engineer. Did he do his training in China or something????
so it was his fault, how is that man not fired?
Why do they only after the news article change the code🤦‍♀️
How did a "student" question save this skyscraper... I didn't see this?
Every how many years does the storm hits?
"Good engineering ethics" = if you screw up hide it and fix it secretly?
Why would anyone not consult the designer about changing welds to bolts
16:17 why are these being subtracted?
He keeps saying Kilom Meters... how many washing machines is this?
Could the TMD on top produce electrical energy in a manner similar to wave generators ?
Wait that toilet block was a CHURCH? THAT was what they replaced that beautiful architecture with??
So, we're just gonna gloss over how that classic, beautiful gothic church was torn down and had that hideous, horrible, ugly THING put in its place, huh?
Besides this fantastic story about skyscraper engineering.... they replaced an impressive gothic church with this brutalist concrete chump that looks like a dead tree stump and name this an improvement for the church?
What a shitty church. The sheer greed and stupidity of the church leaders to not just have them MOVE AND REPAIR the old church is pretty much spot on with how Christianity is now. Absolute trash. Whats more insane than that is his firm, filled with structural engineers, would not measure wind force at EVERY ANGLE 360 degrees to lot forces on beams. HOW THE HELL ISNT THAT STANDARD EVEN BACK THEN
the "old church" looks 100x better than the new one... what even is this? A nuclear shelter? Metro entrance?
18:54 come on man it happens to be 67?
Can we at least all stop and appreciate that someone in history at least saw that there was that chance of disaster and decided to act on it even though it panned out to not happen? I'm constantly reminded of the Fukushima Dai Ichi plant and how the bigwigs over it were like, "Nah, we don't need to update anything on it. It's already been updated to withstand a 9.0 earthquake......15 years ago.......So it's good......." One 9.2 earthquake and following tsunami later. Or really any recent engineering failure. It's normally, "It's fine. We've already calculated everything to a reasonable level of error." . . . .except we're now living in a world of unreasonable things. No one expected the Tacoma Narrows bridge to collapse because all their calculations were "within reason". Then the unreasonable thing called reality hit and "Galloping Gertie" bucked itself apart. So here is an example of at least one person seeing a problem that was created under their oversight and decided, "No short changing it. Probabilities don't matter. We're prepping for the worst and not taking any chances and that's final."
Why are all these comments about him making mistakes. He didn’t.
who gets rid of a gothic cathedral? that was the the real crime
New Question, How hackable is the stabeliser?
Wasn't there a Numb3rs episode that was based on this?
At some point in this video it seemed like the fact that this was bolted instead of welded was the problem, however the quarterly winds seems like something that was not taken into account as well as the wind tunnel that also increased the tentions. If the original design was followed and it was welded would the building still hold up or was the original design also in the wrong?
How many times are you gonna say the word "so" in the beginning of sentences throughout the video? At least 100 times you've used it.
Does the same chevron design ever used again on another project?
When he caculated 4 bolts. I immediately thought, square it.
Respect to Le Messurier, did the right thing! BUT the scariest thing to me is....What if the building could NOT be fixed?
So did that guy lose his job?
How many years does a storm strong enough to destroy the building come around?🧐🧐
Side winds? What about side airliner?
When they were designing this building why didn't they have their figures and plans checked by another source or expert a second pair of eyes something that's important you figured you would want it looked over two or three times to verify that mistakes weren't made or left out
Why he was praised?? He didn't  even consider it was a mistake until the student phone call...
WAS it an "old, crumbling, Gothic Church?"   Really?  A stone structure no more than 150 years old?  That church stood between someone and a giant profit to be made.
I would be ok if no one ever would build such tall structures.  I have a serious fear of heights. Can we stick to building 5-story sky scrapers, please?
How the hell did this monstrosity get approval? Every engineer & architect overlooked NUMEROUS flaws of the design? What kind of idiots are in charge of these things?
why are they calling him Lemejur? americans never show respect to other languages.
Storms have been getting worse haven't they? What are the chances now?
Withstand earthquakes over 6.8? So ...limit is 6.81?
How the f$#@ do you not account for the wind when building a skyscraper....
this is a re run right?
Wait, telecom network is bad in Manhattan?
i wonder how much this story would've change if the church wasn't there
What a great story! I am not surprised that those who literally felt the weight of the terror over that time weren't keen to talk about it. Sure, Bill Messurier was the central figure and took the full brunt of the pressure but everyone involved in project serene held the secret and weight of the horror that could have occurred. Imagine the pressure on the team doing the remedial work?! Asking them to go back to that time could well bring on real PTSD moments.
how a church almost killed 200000 people
Why have I heard SO MANY STORIES who's linchpin to the story is; "So, we didn't consider quartering winds" Maybe I'm just paranoid but... HOW DO YOU NOT?! And on a skyscraper no less?! I'm not yelling at them for doing it, I'm just baffled how it wasn't norm until THAT LONG.
20:00 cause it's his fault that they used bolts huh ?
The truly scary thing is, most engineers would try to hide/bury it and NOT do something... So how many buildings out there, are not actually safe?
What a great watch, thanks for your work Virtasium
What a great story.  I am not sure this level of care would happen today with so much being owned by venture capitalists
Why would Davenport remain quiet? Do these people have no scruples?
Who needs terrorists to bring down buildings when you've got junior structural engineers and accountants?
the name of the structural engineer is William LeMessurier. not Bill LeMessurier....how did Veritasium get this wrong?
I'd like to have heard more about St. Peter's church.  If not for keeping the church, none of these engineering feats would have been contemplated.  How much danger would the church have been in with varying weather threats?
I dont get it... if he designed as welds, and the people on site used bolts, hows this guy liable?
Guy Who Invented the building: I need you to do it this way. Random Guy: But I could save you money by not doing it that way...   What could possibly go wrong????
Is this the building used in the movie "Margin Call" ? I remember a roof-top scene that could look like it was on that building.
What you plan for and what is ACTUALLY installed is something that needs to be documented and checked way more.  There are many structures where steel beams should be put in place and some workers steal them or set them in place wrong and all kinds of building mistakes.  Thats on top of math problems during the architecture like here.  And even THEN you can have some freak one in a lifetime storm or something that goes above what you calculated and it all goes down anyway.  Beside structural damages, like a bomb or a plane crashing into your building ; you cant make it indestructible to everything, but to have a fail-case that at least minimized the damage would be appreciated (as here it was told, if the structure falls, it will take other buildings down with it, and such a chain reaction is far worse than if a building just collapses on its own).
6:48 you know what else is massive?
I like the narration but can we stop seeing the producer guy?
What a wonderful story. No villain here. No negligent or irresponsible parties. Just competent professionals doing a good job.
Why would you get rid of a beautiful looking church like that though!??!? Replacing it with this ugly ass boring nonsense that doesn't even remotely look like a church
9:05 so is he an engineer or not?
Imagine returning to the office late at night because you forgot something or there's some kind of emergency. Instead of the building being empty and quiet there's just hundreds of welders having ripped everything apart and they inform you that you have seen nothing. You nod, do the thing you came to do and leave. Next morning when you return there's no trace, at all, of anyone working overnight. Not only that, everything is spotless and pristine.  Do you: a). Not say anything. b). Spend the next few years tryning to convince other people that ninja welders are real?
Wait, that BUNKER is the church?!?
Why did they replace the beautiful old church with this monstrosity?
replacing that old church with a soulless slop of beton was such an awful decision, how can you act as if this was in any way a good decision?
What they did to the church was worse than the potential colapse of the building.
When people want to be geniuses... should have hired Slartibartfast!😂
what a f*k ugly building it is anyway
I wonder how many engineers just shrugged it off for some other buildings.
Wait, let me know if I’m getting this wrong, but they weren’t ready for hurricane Ella and they still didn’t tell people about the building? Does this sound like that was the right to have done?
How does a top engineer who has his own firm possibly, and consults on building integrity and even lectures and understands physics not facture in his calculations non static conditions of freaking skyscraper? That's like a cattle farmer not realizing that cows can wander of when they graze so he doesn't install fencing. If I were the city I would review every bit of construction he was ever involved in.
What a story. Good on him for doing the right thing and contacting the appropriate people
1:37 Man, what a downgrade. Couldn't they just have renovated the church?
How one person who pissed in the wind taught everyone a valuable life lesson.
Who was the student?! I mean they kind of saved the entire thing?
God saved the building by changing the direction of the hurricaine. Just imagine He didn't do that: which story would we telling now?
Why does 60s people hate gothic architecture so much ??
An architect with the name lemeasure?
What an evil sob. Thought about letting it go and offing himself are you kidding me? Cheered on the press black out so nobody found out? Let ppl go work in there everyday even before repairs? Not a good guy.
Everyone is saying that it's good that LeMessier owned up to his mistake, but wouldn't the building have been structurally sound if his blueprints were followed and they decided to weld the beams instead of bolting them? Am I missing something?
I just want to know how they welded those plates on.  They showed the beams with the big feet(?) where the 2 beams meet.  Then those feet(?) disappeared and a big metal plate was there.  I assume those feet can’t just be removed to make the surface flat, so what did they have to do?
21:55 basically the domino effect?
How A Student's Question Saved This NYC Skyscraper*
So you're saying that two students called the company to ask about quartering winds but one of them got to talk right to Bill?
How did he have any idea not to answer the phone when NYT was calling even though that was before caller id. came out?
If the storm knocks out power then the building is in more trouble? You showed us TMDs but never mentioned that they're electric or electrohydraulic. That pendulum isn't. Why would the fluid-cushioned one they used be; why would it not self-center?
Why wouldn't he know what his own company was doing?
"When he made a terrifying discovery."  So he looked at it?
Changing titles again dude? Is it really worth trashing your reputation for some extra views like this?
Couldn't they just build the tower on a 45° to keep the stilts on the corners?!
Know nothing abt architecture but stilts are an ignorant idea for a skyscraper. Church, why would anyone approve this?
how about building a smaller building? like.. that would be the easiest thing to do but they didn't think about that very long.
Wasn't it one of his students that figured it out?
21:47 what kind of dumb question is that? Do you know what happened on 9/11?
My heart sank when learning they destroyed that beautiful historical church just to build that. The engineering is marvel but damn. Really?
no mention of the Grade steels used or of the Bolts??  How do you reverse Calc without those vitals??
Who else didn't know that the modern church was even a church? It looks nothing like a church.
Could they use this block to produce electricity?
Why not construct the building so that the church is on side of the building, not the corners
Why would you not check wind shear from every direction? And specify welds instead of bolts? Another so called "expert" out done by a student.
18:55  Bruh. How is this number so common?
How would he be ruined if the contractor and the firm messed up?
why is no one talking about the 67 in 18:54
I have question though, why did they decide to put the whole building on stilts when only one corner was needed to be cut out for the church? Why not just beams in the corners for the other corners?
Could all of this have been avoided by only cutting off the one corner for the church and  ot all four? Why was that done anyway?
10 mins in and 4 seperate ad breaks already.  This level of greed is pretty dissturbing, don't you have enough money already?
At 18:59 and 20:43, why is the loss of electric power relevant to the operation of the TMD, if the TMD operates by springing a large mass?  Why is electrical power important?
People didnt think of diagonal wind? How in the world was that outside of their train of thought when designing a building? When has wind only came from 4 directions?
Very interesting video as usual, though it is absolutely wild to me that the option of not doing anything is even considered, and fixing the problem that is 100% garanteed to kill thousands is seen by so many people in the comments as heroic. Are Americans okay...?
I wonder if it would collapse into its own footprint
If they were welding them on both sides of the brace, how did they weld the outside since it’s on the edge of the building all that would’ve had to been done working off of a platform and they didn’t remove the glass and set up a float out there and get all that done before morning..????
What about a hat tip to the church. Its insistence on not selling, in effect, instigated the development of advanced damping in tall buildings. Am I right? The lord connects the dots in mysterious ways.
What i would like to know is how exactly is the floor not collapsing with that gigantic 400 ton block on it .
When the undergrad realised that the quarter winds weren't included in the calculation and raised this to her Professor or whomever assisted her with her thesis, and to be told 'quarter winds aren't relevant... blah blah'.  I wonder how many Junior doctors have had a medical opinion to be told by a consultant they're wrong.   I really think the younger generations of scientists and medics, etc should not have their opinion/calculation dismissed just because they're 'young'.  For example in quantum physics etc, nobody is going to argue that Einstein is wrong or Hawking got some of his theories wrong. They'd be ridiculed!
Did I miss something? Why does the tuned mass damper require electricity?
IS THAT A SKYSCRAPER ON STILTS?
Religion getting in the way again?
What do you mean welds, boss? We used mostly chewed bubblegum and silly putty. For the lulz.
how could they not think of that? not having the pillars on the corners makes this the first thing that should come to your mind. that's ridiculous
Are ads annoying af on purpose?
When welding you are literally turning 2 separate pieces of metal to become on and the weld is just as strong if not stronger then the metal if done correctly were as a bolt is just securing 2 separate pieces of metal together they can become loose from all the movement. Your statement that you can’t tell which is better seems like B.S to me just to save some money instead of securing human safety.
Why did they take so long to weld the beams? Should have just gotten more crews and got it done….
What I want to know is whether it's legal (or still legal) to replace one type of fixing (eg welding) with another type of fixing (eg bolts) without informing the engineers and architect. How can people get away with that?
Wow. I'm glad that none of the other thousands of buildings in NYC, or any other city, are at a similar risk. Right?
Never mind the engineering, did anyone mention how butt ugly it was?
Weird that he didn't oversee these details at the time - for a building that was clearly right on the edge of load viability, and therefore where all construction details like bolts and welds would matter. And then once they knew the 1/16 risk, don't you evacuate building immediately to do the work, not do it in secret?
This is off topic, but i really like the jacket the man is wearing at 1:20 anyone know where i can find it?
What a true man of character.
Why didn’t they just take it down and have someone else rebuild it back up some billionaire invest don’t “semi fix” this issue by doing engineering tricks
I wonder if the student was thanked
How morally bankrupt do you have to be to know that your building is in danger of collapsing and to not tell the general public. Potentially forfeiting there life’s purely out of a selfish reason to not have your reputation and the reputation of your building damaged. Your not a hero, your someone who dodged a bullet. You were prepared to murder thousands of people by withholding the information. Deplorable scumbag!
Why am I watching this at 4am? Because it’s so good, that’s why
What an ugly church!  I hope God punishes the imbeciles who were involved in that ugly, ugly church!
Why would anyone tear down a beautiful gothic church??? And old? Like what, 150 years?  That's not old.
How is it allowed to keep this a secret for so long gambeling with lives like this?
The whole "what if winds at corners" was literally my first thought. How do you miss something like that?
Why use kilometers per hour!! This is the United States not Europe.
Why does this guy have the cuffs on his leather jacket rolled up?
Is his name La Measure? Haha
How can anyone make light of this?  The deception is disheartening. 😢
How was Trump elected? Your building doesn't keep me up at night, but Trump does.
Whats the background music that play at the very end of the video?
The number of bolts rounded down? Wtf?
What is it with anglophon you can’t prononce a guys name properly LeMesurier you all say LeMesur how about: IER those 3 last letter are not silent
a good example of stupidity. Why weaken a building by removing part of its supporting structure? Makes no sense??
Is there a link to his lecture somewhere?
When I was in school for architecture I heard that it was an engineering student from the University of Maine in Orono who discovered the flaw and suggested the fix.
Ethical thinking. Is it still alive?
So, nobody got the idea of calculating winds before they built that thing?
The scary part is that with the increasing sophistication of architecture, how many other miscalculations have gone undiscovered?  ... or UNDISCLOSED???
What if they create something like a wind tunnel at various floors, which will allow the wind to simply pass through the building instead of the building fighting the wind force?
What if Le Messurier had gone ahead with his idea to drive into a Maine Turnpike abuttment? It might have 'solved' his problem, but would have left the waiting catastrophe unsolved.
10:20 do they generate any electricity from this?
If I'm understanding correctly, its not Bill's fault in the first place. His design was for welded beams. He had no idea the builders swapped over to 4 bolts until a year after it was built. The fix was to actually go and weld them so how could it possibly be his fault?
Did they check for eighthening winds?
Who ever designed that church should be arrested. It is the most hideous building. Its a shame they did not try to save the gothic church.
Guy-wires ?! Where is Spider-Man when you need him?
how is this allowed,? arrogance ignorance and money.  next question.
So, has NYC had 100+ MPH winds since 1978?  Am curious if we ever have tested the retrofit?
Why does the young Mr Vandyck constantly smile (without any context for it )?  This is  a modern-day tic. I just don't see what's potentially humorous about limits of structural integrity!
What a selfish reprobate. He should have informed others of the potential problem immediately. He should have insisted they close the building down immediately, then work day & night on it to ensure it was fixed ASAP with crews throughout the building. Why couldn't they have 200 teams welding all the joints at once & get it done in a day? All you people praising him are ridiculous.
It doesnt really sound like his mistake. He had them fully welded and someone else went cheap.. How is that his fault?
Why the F### didn't they rotate the tower by 90 degrees using the same columns in the same position they are now?
What a dumb building, these people have endless money. And zero brains.
So… if I’ve understood this correctly, the problem only existed because his underlings didn’t do what he told them to do (using bolts instead of welding)? So it wasn’t even his fault in the first place?
Did the family come up with that horrid Anglicized version of their name?
22:00 nobody thinks of making skyscrapers close to each other like a bad idea? like.. bad bad idea?
did someone say 6 7 years?
they replaced that beautiful old gothic church with an ugly cube?
1:39 you call that a 'house of the lord'?
Didn't richard watterson make this design?
How was this allowed? Ugh dude made a mustake and fixed it. Capitalism saved the day, lets name the video about regulations.
May I mention a basic in construction? Wanna go high, build a wide base.
so how 2x coloms holding all building and its weaght??
Hey how was this allowed? Maybe its  CLOSE in proximity to 911 DISASTER?
How cynic you have to be to be there smiling and saying that lying is good just because you don't want to spread terror among people, instead of being sincere and admit that you don't want your whole public image and prestige to be ruined. Yet again, feeding the idea that we don't have to believe anything. You can put as much sugar as you can, but a lot of people could've died without knowing the risk they were assuming each day. Now THAT'S TERROR. And happens everyday. When there's power, there's a chance to hide a frightening reality to people. But then they say sht about Chernobyl nuclear disaster. Is THE SAME. People MUST ALWAYS KNOW.
How is this incompetent irresponsible bodger still in business?..  Putting tens of thousands of lives at risk to save his career....should be in prison
Why not just turn the building 45 degrees and avoid all of this ? Smart people being dumb!
How did it take them to built it ? If there was a hurricane the year before it was completed.
Who had the bright idea to change the welds into bolts?
They should’ve made the building round, wind would’ve gone right around it and it wouldn’t have really been a major factor. Also, why wouldn’t you just use more bolts, seriously? It’s the building collapses, thousands of people die in your company goes out of business… over a few extra bolts?
You’re telling me they were allowed to destroy a beauty of a church IN New York just to replace it with some minimalist ass building??
Why didn't they hire much more welders and construction guys? It took them 6 weeks or so to weld the 200+ joints, they could have done it in faster time if had much more teams of welders.
what a terribly ugly and stupid design. the church looks god awful as well.
is that redheaded host by any chance related to Flat Top from the Dick Tracy comics?
@Veritasium Why is the 2D architectural plan still the most effective form of communication in architecture? Does it have to do with our evolution, with how we perceive the world??
So did LeMessurier himself sign off on the bolts and forget or did someone else who worked for/with him do it?
Has anybody mentioned the issue of ice chunks sliding off the angled top of the building and smashing to the street below? I remember that as being a problem but I'm don't know how it was addressed.
How they not told him about construction changes is mind blowing 🫤
Didn't Pete make this design in Two Guys, A Girl and A Pizza Place?
Bruh wtf? Why is it dubbed now?
So we're giving pats on the back for correcting a mistake that would have killed thousands? Am I missing something?
who TF uses k/hr?? Even the UK uses MPH. You definitely know your audience...
Why did the 3 other corners need to be empty?
Am i the only one thinking that the gothic church was more beautiful that the block they built?
There is the lecture from LeMessurier?
How come I immediately thought of diagonal wind just from seeing the building once, before even watching the video? I'm not any kind of genius, so how was it an oversight with the top engineers and architects in the world? You can intuit this from sitting on a chair..
Why insist they build around their little footprint instead of being incorporated within a larger, more structurally sound skyscraper if they weren't even trying to preserve a historical building? It seems more like the church owners had a personal beef with the architect and challenged his skill in every way possible. That new church looks more like a troll in the corner of progress to me. But hey, its only opinion.
Why not jest build a normal building and save time money and lives
so my D is tuned mass dampering?
So the lives of hundreds and thousands of people depends on one person? Why not make the project checked and double-checked by the second and third engineer then? Isn't it obvious??
why is an american using km/h to describe wind blowing against a building in Manhattan?
How would you even go and demolish that thing safely bruh
What if the braces had been welded instead of bolted?... Would that kind of connection withstand strong angular winds? Would Bill have calmed down or still dug into the problem?
They actually tore down that beautiful Gothic church for that ugly blob looking monstrosity??
If he recommended welding and they used bolts instead, how is that his fault?
what are the odds an architecht today would have worked tirelessly for years to find a fault in their own design? near zero by my calculations. in this case i think they were lucky, the structural beams were very easily accessible though. imagine if these were buried in structurally require concrete.
... Wasn't there an architect student who discovered the flaws???
The gothic church made that whole street nicer. WTF is that block?
Why did the TMD need power? I thought the swaying of the building set it in motion at which point it does its thing?
old crumbeling church?? and they replace it with what?
Are you saying a pyramid could, theoretically, last a long time?
Hi, so I'm sorry, I have a question regarding wind speed. I used to work on a ship and we always talked about wind in meters per second. Is it common for engineers to instead use the km per hour measure?
Why is planning approval given for obviously dangerous structures in NY?
Hugh Stubbins was also responsible for a building popularly known as the "Pregnant Oyster" in Berlin (1956/1957). This building was/is quite an eye-catcher. Coincidences do happen: In 1980, the southern part of the roof collapsed during a press conference. You can read all about it on Wikipedia: "Kongresshalle (Berlin-Tiergarten)" - ...unfortunately not in English. Why?
What a shame the old church wasn't repaired. Its replacement is uninspiring.
What a guy he was to take action
How was this allowed? New York's Corrupt Democrat Politicians.
What is this Kelvin metres per hour unit you use at 19:03 & 19:20? 😊  Sorry but you triggered one of my pet hates, and in a story featuring engineering communication no less!  Of course it's a minor blemish on an otherwise great job, as always.
So how many buildings are currently standing whose designer DIDN’T own up to the mistakes?
So take out the corner solid foundation of the church? Don’t you need that according to Bible????
Absolutely unbelievable story….To the extent that the head engineer did not have the final say on “four bolts over a weld”….How could anything like that happen..????
Why do we do dumb things like this? Religion
Here's the question no one is asking.  While it's great that quartering winds are now calculated on plans for new buildings, how about all the existing buildings?
You mean it would have fell over not drop into it's own footprint like the WTC?
Why would saving lives risk destroying his career? THEY switched to bolts, THEY installed 60% less bolts than required because they didn't check. It is great if you can pin a problem on someone else. Even better when you can say "I wouldn't bring attention to it if it was my fault, now would I?"
Could a skyscraper collapse and 90% of its occupants disappear? Their bodies never recovered?
Well done mate You saved the day  But is the building safe today ?
That new church is a crazy abomination.  Who settled for that?! And how much did they get paid?
Was this building and the different wind directions the inspiration for an episode of Numb3rs?
5:58  Why blue ones in the compression and the red ones in tension, is it not vice versa according where the arrow pointed?
24:20 What's the name of the caller!?
...and all this waste of money to safe some church building?
why didnt they shut the building down and repair it more quickly?
Who paid for all the repairs, evacuation planning, etc?
How is this taught as ethical behaviour?
What a good man. He faced ruin and lawsuits and hatred to do what was right. I also understand he didn’t want to have a mass panic.
Awesome video as usual! What jacket is henry wearing though?
Why is there not a biographical historical drama thriller made from this!?
We’re in the United States of America.  I hate it when people use the metric system.  How many miles per hour was the wind jerk off?
This is where the suits series shot right?
So the team designed a new kind of skyscraper for New York but didn't do wind tunnel tests until after it was built?  Am I understanding that correctly?  Or was the video somehow misleading about whether those tests had been done before beginning construction?
He’s the “only one who knew this”, when in reality he wasn’t even the first one, and it was actually an undergrad student who figured this out? Why is this being reported as the engineer figuring this out at the beginning?
Why does this guy from Veritasium look so similar to Rowan Bettjeman??? Are they related?
Why can’t they make movies about stuff like this? Why is reality so much more interesting than fiction
When discussing telephone line additions, the image used is of work men working on power (electric) conductors. Silly.
LeMessurier is being celebrated for "owning up for his mistakes", but he actually didn't and that's what's so wrong about the depiction in this video. They didn't evacuate the building as necessary. They covered it up and did the necessary repairs not immediately, but during the nights over a longer period of time, increasing the risk of thousands of people dying. A storm almost caused a disaster in 1978 and it was only by random luck that this didn't happen. LeMessurier didn't report the problem to authorities the second he became aware. He flew to Canada first, did wind tunnel tests and then asked his lawyers first. So what the hell, Veritasium? Why glorify corporate/greedy negligence as bravery?
The translation from Le Messurier is "the messenger" Interesting right?
Wasn’t it a student doing her thesis who discovered it?
Why would you pull down a lovely old church down, by British standards we do the utmost to preserve these buildings generally speaking. How old was the church?
why wasnt the CN tower listed as the tallest building? it was completed and opened in 1976
Who the f*ck allowed this!??? You wouldn't see me living within 7 blocks of this sh*t
If no reinforcement had been added, when would the building, in retrospect, likely have collapsed?
Why would anybody sue him? It wasn't him who decided to use the wrong fasteners. If they were welded as he wanted there wouldn't have been an issue (they fixed the problem with welds).
Stark choice? “Stay silent and hope for the best”?
Isn’t the Island part of Manhattan Long Island sinking because of the enormous and tremendous amount of weight from the buildings ?
You don't need  to be an architect or a structural engineer to see how flawed the building design is.   The question is, How could these experts be so stupid?
Why would you replace a gothic church with a special corner piece lego block?
Lemme get this straight.  You started with a crappy design where the foundation of the building are weird.  Then you find out there is a 100% chance this thing will collapse.  Good work guys, how much money does an architect make?
Would you work in that building after the fix? 😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅
So, what you're saying is that he didn't lemessurier it good enough?
What do you call a person  with the  lowest passing grade on the engineering exam?   Engineer
Also...had he never played jenga?
Why did an engineer not notice the welds were missing?...did he never go to site?... that was his original mistake
Wasn’t it some female doctoral student that brought it up to him?
Why does everyone say it's his mistake? His design said to weld it. Other people deviated from that. Sure there were some things he didn't consider, but he didn't need to for the original design.
How is diagonal strength not the first thing you think of when you remove the corners...
Its my sixth time watching this video and each time, 1 question arise in my mind, that after the repair did the building ever got hit by any strom like ella or stronger?
Did the contractor pay for the error/omissions?
what does he mean at 17:15?
i thought the damper system was done in Japan for like.... centuries already?
What a bunch of evil ass holes that would just let people die to save their careers
32:35 "feel the weight of the responsibility" Is this an unintended pun??
This leaves me with two worries: 1. Do these buildings have strong security and plans against terrorist attacks? 2. Is there still enough integrity and ethical responsibility left within modern engineering to check against the corrosive forces of modern capitalism?
What a great work, great architects and engineers
Why would you replace that gothic church with that ugly crt tv looking grey box 😭
how do you think it was allowed ? plans and drawings and engineering documents were submitted to the city for a permit just like every other building idiot
How much cocaine were they doing when they designed this building?
Solving a problem? or created a problem and sloving it?
Where is my favorite host of the channel? please dont go
If the braces are experiencing both tension and compression back and forth over time, what about the issue of fatigue?
When we will hear the same about mRNA "vaccines" ???
Would it have been ok if they welded it?
How was the experimental design not tested in a wind tunnel before, yet he did it himself with less resources? Seems like a massive oversight for a building that other engineers were looking at and thinking it was crazy/stupid. The hubris of this design put thousands at risk, for what reason?
who was the person who authorized the bolts vs the welding.
We covered a number of notable engineering failures in our engineering ethics module at university: Challenger, the Therac-25, the loss of the first Ariane 5 flight (and the Mars Crashing Orbiter got talked about because we enjoyed having a good laugh at NASA's expense!).    This one should also be in the syllabus as an example of a good outcome from an engineer performing ethically.  Failure is a great teacher, sure, but there's something to also be said for learning from other people's successes.  He owned up to his mistake and the work was done to fix it.  And the consequences for him were no doubt embarrassing when it came out, but he kept his job and reputation (mostly) intact because what's the point of punishing someone for making an honest mistake?
What a terrific story, thanks for presenting!
What utter criminal destruction in removing that beautiful building and replacing it with that hideous monstrosity. Who on earth signs off on this cultural vandalism.
Did anyone check, was there any media attention to the strike before the owners learned about structural weakness?
They had to actually construct the whole mess before they could figure this out???
Why don’t they just make skyscrapers round?
how could he miscalculate  LeMessurier-ments???
I believe this story is the basis for a a Numb3rs episode where a CalSci student committed suicide to get enough attention for the flaw in the buildings construction. Any Numb3rs fans in the room?
How about the windows, is there a problem with breakage?
Why didn't they make the building cylindrical to reduce the wind resistance and weight massively?
they destroyed that beautiful church for that brutalist abomination?
I think to build tall buildings is stupidity. Why not instead build many smaller buildings for the same money?
"Now, we had to cook up a line of bull, I'll tell you. And white lies at this point are entirely moral. (class laughs) You don't wanna spread terror in the community to people that don't need to be terrorized. We were terrorized, no question about that. Several newspapers reported on it, but they didn't have the details."   Yeah, hilarious, that is. Tee-hee, hee. How would people deciding for themselves whether or not to take the risk of working in an unsafe building "spread terror in the community"? Sounds like reasonable precaution to me. Could it be that by "terror" they mean a disruption to generating profit at Citicorp and the other businesses in the building?
How come there's never enough time to do a job right but there's always enough time to do it over??
How was it allowed? Somebody got paid off..
Why did they ditch the church. The sterile look is kinda cool at first glance, but it’s really anti-human, not organic looking at all
THIS is also a LIBERAL STATE OF COMPLETE IDIOTS so what would anyone expect?
Why do you needed to emphasise the ''crumbling'' aspect  (at 1:36 ) if it was standing still and mantained?
All of this danger because of a church.  Are we done with tolerating their nonsense yet!?
God why did they replace that beautiful Gothic church?!?
1:47 where is the church????
So they destroyed a piece of art for that blocky building… ??
how much of this stock footage was taken from building big
Why does America tear down things like that beautiful Gothic Church?  Stupid.
what makes me sad is the OLD GOTHIC CHURCH was beautiful and should have been restored not replaced at all . i don't care for the stupid skyscraper at all .. those old building and Gothic and Victorian houses and such and Masterful and beautiful creations that should be preserved at all costs .. this entire project was over cost and overly complicated bye sheer stupidity. the Church could have been left alone at the corner of the city block and the building could have been built at the opposing corner of the block . not in the Middle and all of this BS could have been avoided !!
Was it ever thought about an extremely high wind and an earthquake at the same time, since there are numerous faults in that area? Or another massive earthquake on the New Madrid fault of the Mississippi Valley like in the early 1800’s that broke windows in D.C. and rang church bells in Boston.
Why was quartering wind pressure not in the city’s building code? Winds were only assumed to matter face on to the widest part of the building and nobody checked the calculation from all directions that the pressure could come from? What about from above?
@veritasium If a building is cylindrical and has 1 meter wide spiral grooves around it like a a screw. Will the force of hurricane winds act on the grooves like the twisting of a screw driver, keeping the building stable?
Is that the same NISTwho explained how the towers fell down and one column lead to building 7’s demise?
Did Bill LeMessurier never heard of the 'L' shape building that could give the Church more space?
Did Canada save citicorp twice with wind-related incidents? Western is the University of Western Ontario, where the wind tunnel is, and then it seems the hurricane was deflected and maybe the shape of Atlantic Canada helped redirect that 200 kph hurricane. I've been inside the wind tunnel at UWO, and I think I may have met some of the engineers that helped this building back in the late 70s. I went to Discovery Western as a kid, got a shirt with a parody of the vw logo with "DW Engineers Wanted".
How to Overcomplicate a Building 101
The whole bolts thing is just befuddling to me.  These big pieces of beams would have come in without bolt holes if they were meant to be welded together right?  So did they come in that way and they looked and them and said, "Hey John? Where do the bolts go to connect these things together?" John, "I don't know Darryl, just drill out holes for 4 bolts because 14 bolts is going to take too long".  I mean, W T A F?
Who took the bribe to ok this going up in the first place .
How does the TMD functions @ corner winds? Sliding over the corner seems not possible.
1:36 Could they have added more nonsensical words to those concerning the replacement of 'the old crumbling church'?
Maybe the same thing happened with the world trade center, only the architect had a different idea of dealing with it?
It genuinely terrifies me that there are people who would not reveal the danger once it was understood, that they would put their own reputation and financial wellbeing over the lives of thousands who could be saved by whistleblowing. How is putting lives first not the default response for everyone?
built to withstand anything but a 1 in 1000 storm? 1 in 1000 odds is not great.. in the enormity of time, it sounds like an inevitability. is there a plan in place to evacuate Manhattan if such a storm was coming? would there be time?
How could they demolish the church? Craftsmanship and history bulldozed to be replaced with a concrete monstrosity.  I like when older building are left underneath new buildings seeing the past and the present working with each other
Thank god new york has never had a disaster like that happen, can you imagine if a huge building like that collapsed  in the middle of the city?
Wasn’t it his female student who discovered the flaw?
Wasn’t it an engineering student who called them about it the first person who uncovered this?
Why not give more credit to the female engineering student that discovered this issue...not only discovered but also helped solve the issue.
How was thid allowed? Like the millenium tower... money of course 😂😂😂
Church, is there anything it can't ruin?
how was it his fault when originally he wanted to weld the connections shouldn't the contractor be held accountable for this
Im convinced most those building have issues. Has anyone thought about long term how those buildings are going to last?
A moving building "could've been uncomfortable to the patrons." Um.... YOU THINK?!?
How WAS it allowed in first place?
Was there another alternative to secretly repair the skyscraper?  could they have evacuated it & then demolished it & create a new building in its place?  I suppose this would have been a huge cost though.  That church probably would have been pretty angry too.
Is...isn't that how the dome in Santa Maria del fiore handles its weight more or less?
Does anyone know the current occupancy rate of the Citicorp building?
What if humans did complicated math in their head?
So just out of curiosity, have there been 110km winds in NYC since it was all fixed?
The new church is ugly af. Why don't you have some respect for culture, heritage and history?
The more you Spend the more you Save Right?
So this whole mess happened because of the decision to use bolts instead of welding?
What happens when the damper can’t be maintained or repaired.
cool thanks, I think my video and audio skipped a couple of times?
What were they smoking when they came up with that design.. 🫣
I canoe in a little lake that has a weir/dam at one end. One day while paddling I starting thinking about how much force was pushing on the weir and how one would determine it. This experiment demonstrates exactly what I wanted to know, well done. Thinking about it further,  if there is a strong wing pushing waves against the weir, that would increase the pressure too. Am I right?
What these men did was incredibly heroic, and I would hope that I would do as they did if I was in their situation.  But. I don’t mean to be that guy, but I think it’s important for people to understand.  _Someone_ in charge still bent their morals horribly, for the _possibility_ of looking better- over the lives of thousands of people. Or were incredibly dim, and I severely hope that someone was morally bankrupt, because the alternative is worse.  My reasoning is simple; as someone familiar enough with the job of welding, and knowing the quality of steel they would need for this job, and where that steel has to come from.  They could have procured the steel, the welders, and welded the repairs on in less than 48 hours.  It would just mean that everyone in Manhattan is going to know about your mistake, and judge you for it. And it would cost you more money.  The reality is they waited, just working at night in secret, and scared the staff at the Red Cross excruciatingly, over the alternative- Cutting your losses, hiring every good pipeline welder in the state, call all the good steel yards in the state, spending the money, and fixing the problem. Much, much faster. Someone made that choice. Someone took a calculate risk, and it payed off.  But my phrasing betrays me. I see what happened as a _risk_ by someone. But I _know_ I don’t have as much information as they did.   Still, I don’t know if I would do differently. I’m not trying to pass judgment on the actions that everyone made, just trying to show people that there was not just one choice they could have made. And that all choice is more immensely complex than we can even imagine. Peace.
Is this really the first modern building with tmd?
How the world has changed... now if you do something like this, you will get worse than fired for it.  And the very first thing that company will do after dragging you out and throwing your personal effects in the trashcan is start a smear campaign so that *when* that building falls you get taken to court for mass murder, breach of contract, and the destruction of the entire 10km block that fell in its wake.  I didn't design a building, but it did happen to me.
Wasn't it a student of his that brought it to his attention?
How is the error at all LeMessurier’s fault? He wanted the braces welded to begin with. Even if it had collapsed I fail to see where he has any culpability.
Wait. Wasn't it an engineering student that noticed the flaw? Or is that a different building?
Is it moral to have hidden this to people?
TMDs have to to be make names and replaced don’t they?
What the building lacked in structural integrity LeMessurier had in moral integrity. How many people would’ve just kept this under wraps so they wouldn’t need to fix it?
Why would revealing it potentially ruin him? it wasn't his idea to use bolts. The fault lies with his firm that allowed changes without doing the proper math.
Is this video a repost of an older video? It looks so familiar…
The V-shaped base at 270 Park Ave. in Manhattan was concerning me under construction as you have the Ramapo fault running through 125th St. less than 2 miles away No: 98th St. dip down 60 feet to 100 street  An earthquake in the 1890s took out a considerable part of Brooklyn. It begins with the Reading prong, and then goes to the Ramapo fault which goes out into the Atlantic Ocean.  I am not Joe, but I would not have suggested building the building like that  There was a 5.4 earthquake 60 miles away near Lebanon, New Jersey in 2024  Route 80 has been shut down for two months 20 miles away  Does anybody have an extra low frequency map of the area?
"You don't want to spread terror in the community to people who don't need to be terrorised" - Like the thousands of people turning up for work every day in an unsafe building? Or those who might be passing when it falls?  Zero morals, but why am I surprised?  Handy that ALL the press in NY went on strike just as he was about to release the facts, eh?
Can you guys please explain to us how on earth all of Spain & Portugal lost power?
who the hell would replace a gothic church???? WITH A GREY BLOCK??? and then build that monstrosity beside it 😭😭😭
Have you ever heard of a kingdom that exists outside of time and space?
So what is the effect of a fire on those beams on the thirtieth floor ?
So they might have finished before hurricane season if they had also worked the day shift and didn’t bother with the secrecy, cleaning, drywalling? How is this guy still elevated for risking everyone again by staying quiet?
Can you do a video on the Venus project
What i love about veritassium is his confidence as an artist, you can tell he loves his work because he never waffles on what to title the videos or what to use as the thumbnail, not one to constantly second guess himself based on what others think
Isn't it more traditional to do the math before building the building?
Who would have thought that the quartering winds would be the problem? Literally anybody who could imagine sitting on a chair with the posts centered along the sides. Obviously the worst case scenario is going to be force coming from the corners - you'd topple such a chair by leaning toward the corners.  How many engineering disasters do we have to have from goofballs changing plans mid-build before we learn that's not a great strategy?  Also, generally, what a scumbag! He's got time to think up cute little names for his project and figure out ways to lie about it rather than fixing the damn thing. How much longer did it take to fix, and how much more danger were people in, because they tried to do it quietly in the middle of the night?
Can you imagine the STRESS this man was going through? Jesus...
When design is prioritized over function
Watching this i can't help bit ask why???? Just why???? Must yiu buidl that building?????
How was it possible? MONEY!! Money is always the answer.
People jus keep complaining about the modern "church"... everything that has gone are always better.. why can't we jus appreciate what is there now?
Why did they make the wind load side so flat instead of more aerodynamic like incorporate that chevron design convex towards the winds       🌬️<<| not that pronounced but slightly or even dimple the windows on that side for the effects of a golf ball ?!? IDK not correcting legit exp my ques lol
Why couldn't they just build a building in a smaller space with a nice Gothic Church next door and even a garden with a water fountain? It's a sick drive to want to come up with massive works but then to also want to cut cost! Like City Corps needed money and had to skimp on bolts.
How dare they make the church ugly
What an UGLY church. They should have kept the gothic one.
Why are these type of animations always so horrible? People do not sway back and forth like that. I enjoy this channel's content but this cheap animation style will always irk me when watching pretty much anything that involves it. I would have preferred they don't move at all.
Wait, wasn't that video elsewhere?
Why didn't the rotate the building by 45degrees, so  that corners would be were the stilts are?
how cutting cost doesn't actually cut cost The guide
Why didn’t they just use crazy glue???
The craziest part of this story to me is that none of the welders said anything or asked questions. They were told to secretly weld braces in a specific order and make sure they left no trace of ever being there. None of them thought that was weird?
Wow, how they pat themselves on the back?
Why does this channel get so lost in details?
Does anyone know what the blue elephant pin Eric Hines is wearing is about? 32:45
I've noticed something strange — 4 of your last 12 videos over the past few months all stop at exactly 6.7 million views. That seems like more than just coincidence. Any idea why that’s happening?
how is it more dangerous then regular floors? its the same support system
I thought some student figured out that the building was unstable and that SHE alerted them to the fact, not the engineer checking his old work.  Is this history being rewritten?
Hey thanks for the great videos.  Could you do some research in Brainfm and other similar apps and tell us from a scientific point of view whether they work or not?
Replace an "old crumbling Gothic church" with character and history with yet another concrete thing that's going to be gone, one way or another, in a few years' time?  What were you people thinking of?
why is it important that they ignored a female student? who was the guy who did suggest using the bolts?
I thought this mistake was discovered by an Engineering student who did a thesis paper on this building ????
Can you please add more audio tracks.
Couldn't they have put the supports in the corners and rotate the whole thing 45 degrees? Do the buildings have to be parallel to each other?
What stopped them from building 3 corner pillars and 4 middle-of-the-face pillars? Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't 3 corner pillars better than none?
Is this the building from gremlins 2?
Would this still be possible today? My guess is the companies would get into a legal battle on who pays for the work. Until that's cleared, nothing will be done.
Do they make an app to tell the difference between guys working on power lines and guys working on telephone lines? All this engineering going on and the guy getting into all of this doesn't even know the difference. Kind of like me not understanding anything going on with this building. But it gives me hope that anyone can do a job and not understand whats going on. Youtube is that job....
Can we get a veritasium on economics? I think a lot of people would benefit.
Why didn't they just add the 3 columns back? Church must've had some dirt on someone up in a high position
But how is this upstanding ethical behavior when it was not publicly revealed for 2 decades, and who knows how many skyscrapers were designed in that period before the building codes were updated to include quartering wind calculation requirements? In what career or world would it be ok NOT to say something sooner than 20 years after the fact?
Why destroy that beautiful old church, why build something so ugly and why build over it instead of around it?
8:37 as an idiot, my question becomes what if the friction at the hinge changes over time? How can they measure that change?
Are these the same people who built the twin towers?
So, it could be a domino affect in 9 11?
It’s crazy that the building is stilt there to this day…. Ba dum tss?
Why do we even build buildings like this lol so unnecessary
Can you make a video on how you actually meet people who are experts in different fields? I mean, how do you approach them and ask for a video call or an interview? And how do you make them feel that talking with you is worth their valuable time?
How come Diane Hartley isn't even mentioned until the video is almost over?
Why was he affraid the building would topple over neighbouring buildings? If 9/11 taught us something, it's that buildings always crumble on themselves like a house of cards.
Wonder whether there wiuld have been a different outcome if Citicorp refused to pay for the repairs, which realistically they could have done. Just because there was an initial higher price but they saved sime miney though different design doesn't mean they should have to wear the cost of mistakes in that improved design. So if Citicorp refused, I wonder what the engineer would have done ?
WHY DID YOU MAKE NO MENTION OF THE FACT THAT A GIRL WHO WAS AN ARCHITECTURAL STUDENT WHO POINTED OUT THE ISSUE IN THE FIRST PLACE ?
What is this gd hero edit we're giving to a guy for solving a problem he created.
Interesting. So a dangerous problem his company created by trying to save money was fixed at the cost of the client he was trying to make more money off of by cutting costs and he is somehow presented as a good guy?
Isn't this the story where a female engineering student found the error?
What is most crazy is they were fine to destroy the gothic church to be replaced by a monstrosity
Isn't it mad that no one thought to calculate the wind from every direction?
I really like your content, please do not start recycling other people’s content.  I have seen this story too many times.  What’s next? A shark week?
How is he responsible for the builders using bolts instead of welding as planned originally?
This new "church" is an insult - praying to the holy concrete block or what?
why did they replace their nice looking church by an ugly modern one? why not reconstruct it or reinforce it? and then american wonders why their cities look like crap
can anyone explain to me why 16:11 he says those braces are in tension? if the wind is coming from the left in the diagram shouldn’t that brace be in compression?
Why does the guy hosting this look so familiar?
Who was the megafool that designed such a mess in the first place?
What is 120 kph? 60 miles an hour? This is the us, not the stpid ass uk. Use us measurements
If climate change increases hurricane strength, are buildings designed to handle this?
you think china would have done this?
what are the chances? - a random call from an undergrad who just luckily decided to study the building for thesis. - a storm just suddenly decided to turn 90degree for no reason.
How does a bolt into an already sturdy beam or joint increase strength? Are all bolts centered around the joints, meaning all 14 bolts would be required at the joints? Would the steel itself between joints support this load? Thanks to anyone who can reply with insight.
You say in your intro that the structural engineer realised there was a flaw, was this not the building where 1 if not 2 college students studied the building and it was pointed out to him that there was a structural defect?  If that is truly the case it’d interesting to know how he took that news?
I thought it wasnt the main structural engineer, but a student using it as a case study who found the shocking calculation issue?
what an ugly church. i bet the architect is a jew
Doesn't it seam logical to assume winds can blow from any direction...or is it just me?
Where are the Filipino fans? lol this song will be played 24/7 non-stop...
What a waste and squander for that site.  So many cool ways you could have designed around that church that would be way more stable and efficient and beautiful.
WTF is with the patriotic music over a story of American failure?
What a great guy, that took courage to solve
The student is the MVP, without his question, they wouldn't have even known of this issue before disaster struck. How did so many professionals even overlook this?
Whats the blue elephant on his lapel?
Okay, but who decided to use bolts instead of welding it?
The animation isn’t AI, right?
I wonder why the tmd needs power isn't it mechanical?
Why aren't such high rises included with a ground 'wind suction which sucks in huge winds pressure constantly up to the sky😊much like a high rise wind tunnel free standing ( just think of how trains travel in tunnels, than made to stand rather than laid down 😅
Am I the only one who thinks the most criminal aspect of this story is the destruction of the original church?
So contractors were able to make clandestine repairs (welding) to the steel beams in the middle of the night without anyone noticing, but we still don't want to admit that 9/1 One was an inside job???
Can you imagine if nothing had been done to prevent the building from collapsing, and during 9/11 it would have collapsed… conspiracy theorist brains would have exploded! lol
So i have question, if they had welded instead of bolting it , would the quatering wind be no issue then ?
What is it lately with content creators trying to shoehorn their producers and partners into their videos?  Sorry, I am just not into it.
Why were the flag poles removed from the front of the building between 2016 and 2017?
I don't get it, has something happend with this building recently or what? Suddenly I get like five diffrent "mini documentaries" as suggestion on Youtube about this building and all of them were made in like the last two weeks or so, why?
Does it bother anybody else that LeMessurier's and Citicorp's decision to not disclose anything is not questioned? That was NOT an ethical approach at all. The potentially affected people and the city had the right to know.
Why not just build at the 3 corners instead of being dumb and putting the columns in the middle? Life's hard enough without making things more difficult.
Stupidness knows no limits. How dumb must a priest's and investor's team be to conceive this 'Gump's Tower'?
When you have to fix your bugs in production branch
did anyone bother to do any vector calculus for this or he was just playing it by ear/one dimensional algebra??
Geez. A 400 ton weight on the roof, above people's heads? What could possibly go wrong?
New York is the place to use metric conversions!Mph please?
How was this video allowed.  The most dangerous waste of time in or out of manhattan.
How do you secretly weld in an office? Melted (or molten?) steel sprinkles everywhere, you can't simply clean that off, it will leave a burn mark. Carpet has to be removed before, but the sprinkles even stick to glass. And then there are the fumes. Probably still noticable the next day but the main issue is the fire warning system in combination with fumes. Was it deactivated for welding? Was that approved, who signed that off? Did the insurance know about it,... I am not into conspiracy theories, but some bribes her, some leverage there, a job for the useless college dropout son there,.... can go a long way and is far cheaper then amitting a mistake and suffer the consequences.
everyone forgot about the twin towers already?
Why does the city not the do its job in controlling building safety? People should have been jailed for that.
Why didnt they rorate the building to be a diamond instead of a square? So the stilts will be at the corners
You gotta look into why all these guys have their ideas on a napkin, is it whilst eating we get our best ideas??
wasent it a student that told him there was a major flaw in his desighn during costruction tho?
What a humbling story of engineering..
Skyscraper on stilts?  What could go wrong??
Who wants to live in that of that buildings neighborhood?
Wasn't it a female graduate student who pointed it out? First ten minutes kind of leave out the hero of the story. Diane Hartly from Prinston?
that "old crumbling gothic church" was way prettier than the barn-shaped atrocity that replaced it. Also, very funny that a gothic church was there at all. Did, like Quakers build it?
Why would u destroy a beautiful gothic church… for that
What an absolute travesty they let become of that beautiful old church.
Why does this not generate electricity
What a riveting watch, and what an extraordinary man LeMessurier was. Hats off to his integrity!
When your last name is Le Measure, what else would you grow up to be !?
i am not a civil engineering student but i wonder how this building is going to survive in case of massive earthquake?
When I clicked this video I thought to myself "God I hope it was something complicated they messed up, like dynamic effects. It can't be something as elementary as diagonal winds?"  As a structural engineer I have to say I was very disappointed. I'd expect more from a top engineering firm designing skyskrapers in Manhattan.
In Galveston in 1972, the American National Insurance building was built and was-is a stilt-based building that is very similar to the CityCorp bldg. But the building in Galveston has only 23 floors, a third of the height of City Corp, so no reinforcement was needed after construction. Nevertheless, could a high-category hurricane one day put too much tortion on it?
So now WTC 7 collapsed due to wind according to this fake channel.??
8M views in 4 days? The heck?
Does the Tuned Mass Damper have perfect pitch? 😂
Can you squeeze anymore f'n ads in this episode? Jesus...
Stupid question: Couldn't they have simply built the whole building rotated 45 degrees so that the stilts would be at the corners?
Why didn't they rotate the tower of they can't rotate the pillars
Is Jesus knocking at the door of your heart?
Is this your opportunity for eternal salvation?
Why i feel like i seen this already
Why does the spire count to the building height on 70 Pine and Trump? Citicorp does at least have a proper structure there
the Johnson and Johnson building in Racine wi is a totally cantilevered building;every thing is cantilevered off a central support column: the building was designed by frank Lloyd Wright, whenit comes to the braces on the citicorp bldg I wonder how the welds were checked for quality, were they radiographed or wre they magna flux checked:what type of quality assurance check was performed, were they even checked for quality?
When I saw that they demolished the gothic church, I audibly went, “an angels been murdered 😔.”
Why didn’t they just rotate the entire skyscraper 45°?
OMG 😳  Don’t panic  Nothin’ And this is okay?
So one might say he lemessuriered wrong?
Serious question (this is probably one that has been asked before and has a simple answer), why not rotate the building 45° so that the columns are in the corners?
The church was destroyed, so what’s the point?
What is this crap about not wanting to terrorize people? You could have killed so many people if the building collapsed. Why wouldn't they just evacuate the building until the repairs were finished? What hubris
Okay, have the stilts there, then rotate the building 45 degrees. What am I missing, why didn’t they do that?
What would Trump do? BLAME BIDEN!
Did they even calculate the stress on the stilts properly?
Is this a re-upload?  I'd swear I've seen it before.
Is this a reupload or am I having a dejavu?
How was he able to get such an extreme liability approved. Don't cry when it comes down.
How can anyone blame LeMessurier for the problem, when they changed out his design for welds, to bolts without consulting him. Seems like they're making him the scapegoat.
I thought someone brought it to his attention???
What kind of an idiot only uses kph in an American video about an American building
9:56 Is that guy in the audio background OK? Are his lungs still in his chest cavity?
The old church was beautiful.  What is wrong with people ?
what the heck is this new "church".... this new one is hilariously worse
why they turn the church into a ps4 bruh
So…the tower was at risk…because the welding was swapped for bolts to save money…that money equals risking thousands of lives?
I recall as a kid going down a encyclopedia rabbit trail on this because of an episode of NOVA. Thanks for reminding me of digging through physical editions of an encyclopedia I guess?
This begs the question, how many other buildings are in the same situation and we dont know?
That incomprehensible graphic on the title page, how was that allowed?
i've never built a skyscraper before but it seems like the engineer should have been involved on something as fundamental as whether to use bolts or welds. how is that decision just delegated to someone else?
Why did he pick the square root of two? I will never understand math
Didn't a modern NIST study suggest that the building was likely to be fine even without the retrofitting?
Makes you wonder about climate change and the increasing odds of particular extreme weather events happening. How many buildings out there do not have "enough bolts" to weather climate-induced superstorms?
They rebuilt the beautiful church as that ugly piece of whatever?
Ugh, they replaced gothic architecture with ... I don't know what to call that. A bunker?
3:30 - couldn't those idiots have turned the entire building 45 degrees clockwise before laying the cornerstone? Make it <> rather than [_]?
what is with using km/hr when describing wind speeds? this is America we use mph
How would you build a skyscraper with no structure at the edges and assume diagonal winds would have no effect?!?!
What if you do a video on if it’s possible to make a black led?
So why don't they use the damper motion for energy production?  Or would it just not produce enough to justify the cost?
So if America goes and jumps from a mountain to its death, will the rest of the world follow suit like idiots ?
Didn't they fear 9/11?
How were they able to allow people to work in that building when they were fixing it??? That is crazy
the intro to this video is insane. posing the question of whether or not he should tell anyone as if it is some sort of dilemma. there's not fu**ing dilemma, christ. what kind of a sick freak would keep that information to themselves and "hope for the best"?
No site visits to inspect the joints. He really didn't know until after the building was completed? The design drawings had welds but the the as-builts had bolted joints and this didn't reach the original design team?
How did they figure all this out in 1978, before they had brains?
How many buildings were built to in between the time the city building was repaired In 1 day released the news article and then updated the regulations  Everybody involved keeping the secret should go to prison
This building always fascinated me by its beautiful exterior, the unusual column placement, the slanted top, the damping mechanism  I read about the structural problem, about the welding made in secret but only with this video I was able to understand clearly what was the problem, where it was located and how it was fixed. I wonder why I never found reports from anyone that actually worked at the building at that time and neither from someone that was in the welding team. Those large "band aids" definitely were not invisible, how did they were never noticed when carried around?
What about usage and unplanned or illegal changes on the structure? American's are closest proof we have of Darwin's evolution theory!! We are now studying a sub-regression theory based on you!  Vanguardist!!
21:55 So your'e telling me a tall building getting hit by a force from the side would cause it to topple like domino?
While a great story, I was lost in the beginning at 2:17 where the idea is presented of "Why not notch two, three, or ALL four corners?!"  I ask myself: But why?
But why? Why take such a risk as the foundation of a structure? Of not only this project, but also the projects next to it that such a large domino piece could set off with a wind once every ... years, as is explained well in this video. Why remove ALL four corners?
How was it even possible to have a confidential 10 block evacuation plan?
Why are half these comments about the gothic church? Sure, it's pretty, but apparently it was delapidated. There are plenty of pretty buildings left in the world.
The chair analogy is all you need…. No matter if the bracing and “gravity load”… also did they do a scale model in a wind tunnel?
Why didn't the church move??? What's the big deal if you are really worshiping  there.
Can you please make the next video on topic time dilation because I'm  so curious about understanding this concept from you. I also have an opinion on this topic. As we have been told that as we get under high gravitational field zone the time flows faster as we have seen in interstellar movie when cooper goes to the planet near black hole where time flows faster, even when they spent only 2 hours there and it was about 23 years for the person on the space ship. But here, I think it is not the time which flows at faster rate instead it is because their body speed slowed down. Let me explain I think any living or non living thing reacts differently in different gravitational zones. When we are in the high gravitational zones the biological processes which happens in our body slows down and all the non living things like space craft ,water  also react the same way. This also results in sloing down the ageing process. This property is actually zone dependent, if two persons are in same gravitational zons they will experience the processes at same rate but if they are in different zone there will be a difference in ageing process. That's why when the planets collide the complete collision take so many years for us  because of very high gravitational field zone and observer in low field zone. If we are also in that same zone the collison process will be occurring at a normal rate. These are my thoughts. If you agree plz consider this.
Didn’t one of his students find the issue?
How come no body is making a joke about "Le Measure" 😂
Why are the stilts inset in the drawings, even mentioned as an issue, but on the outer edge in all the pictures?
what an idiot who destroyed that church, cant watch any longer into the video yall pissed me off already
this is the building Suits tv shows's offices are right??
Wasn't the issue identified by a female grad student?
How were they allowed to do this ?   Money
Is it crazy that I had never heard about this channel, b4 now ?
Is there an uglier building than this anywhere on Earth?
How is a church able to afford prime real estate right down town? They don't pay taxes, zing. I need to start my own church so I don't have to either. religion seems to be a fantastic financial enterprise.
He never once was on site and notice the bolts during the building process?
How one building can be so interesting to a person like me who knows nothing about architecture, engineering, or building says a lot about your story telling.
That bracing system concept was the "theory", but not practical and did not allow for unknowns- ie there shud have been more contingency ! That the designer was going to base everything on theoretical computer designed "dampers" to overcome wind load  'sway' was reckless.?
Does it fall like a controlled demolition?
WHY WOULD THEY TEAR DOWN THAT ETHEREAL CHURCH FOR THAT UGLY THING IT LOOKS LIKE IF A CONCRETE BLOCK AND A CYBERTRUSK HAD A ABABY
What a disgrace of a change....gothic church had personality, that thing there looks like a lego piece.....ridiculous. And the guy in the video talking about it crumbling, show how much of a ignorant sheep he is. Why not reinforce it? The video should talk about this issue.
Why is there no peer review on new design like this!
How is the the tension in the braces equals to wind load- gravity load 17:19
What a cascade of bad decisions. Modern engineering hubris.
How can something so majestic be called "old crumbling gothic church".
What a horrible church, what the heck??
Why do complicated and dangerous when you can do simple and safe
how did someone look at that and think yup it is completely safe.
WHY DID THEY DESTROY THE GOTHIC CHURCH BRING BACK THE GOTHIC CHURCH WHAT THE HELL
7:20 how is that 22 pounds per square foot measured? is it specifically square footage of livable space?
They kept it secret from the people inside the building, they didn't tell mayor's office, fire department, public safety? When were they planning on telling them, an hour before hurricane might have hit? Imagine week after week, doing all that work on the frame, and telling office workers nothing to worry about.  He was proud that a newspaper didn't find out and tell people. And now they teach this as engineering ethics ? That if you make a mistake that puts lives in jeopardy, keep it secret until you can fix it ?
Why would anyone want to destroy such a beautiful gothic church to replace it with a lifeless modern building??
I’m not a structural engineer, but why they didn’t hot patch it with pillars in the corners to just get more time to fix beams even if the storm comes?
Ok wait. He created the design, which would have worked as intended. The contractor modified his design without informing him, endangering the entire city. How is that his fault?
Can we do an early life check on this?
Maybe I'm an idiot but, wth didn't they just design the building turned 45 degrees on its base?
How did they gamble with people's lives!? Would be a different video if storm did not change direction and many buildings were collapsed.
How did this guy not know they used bolts instead of welds? Seems like something you'd want to double check
1:36 they turned THAT into an ugly square block???????
hey  what a crazy idea for architects to not work against laws of physics, and put foundation columns at the corners of the building?
So there is no professionalism when it comes to building towers in NYC? The architects and engineers build buildings only to realize the building could collapse…meaning they weren’t qualified to build in the first place. Aren’t they suppose to know this stuff? And another thing, why does modern architecture look so boring and ugly?
I hear an American accent, if you are going to use kilometers, can’t you at least give both numbers? American hater or what?
10:27 Excuse me, could you possibly save some lip gloss for the rest of us, please?
All that panic for nothing, the man upstairs would'nt have let a building collapse on his church, would he?
If they destroyed the original church why didn’t they just incorporate the church into the actual building?
who paid for all of it?! is it city who confirmed the plans? is it the guys who decided to use bolts instead of welds? is it LeMessuriers company or Citicorp as owner? I'm really wondering why this didn't create a wave of battling law suits
What an absolute waste of a Church
Great video! Consider doing one on hypothesis testing?
How did no one catch that? It’s like starting Jenga by taking by blocks from the bottom
Wait, isn't this building they show in the new york skyline as the Suits office?
It's pretty awful seeing how this channel tries to sell this problem like a success, corporate cut corners during building, cut corners in design, was hush hush in order to have an alibi if the thing fell down and was willing to risk hundred of thousands of lives to save face.  How Citibank isn't much different than the Soviet State during Chernobyl?
Didn't Japan use wood logs as pendulums to help with multi story building sing theyd wobble differently than an earth quake?
The building looks just like any normal square buildings from outside, why do they need to make it so special using diagonal columns?
Why didn't they just make a triangle building (from top view) to avoid the church?
What a shame they knocked down that beautiful church.  The one they built (on the outside) is quite possibly the ugliest-UGLIEST church I've ever laid eyes upon.  They would have been better to spend it rehabbing the old one.
Doesn't anyone want to know who approved the idea of replacing welds with bolts?
Could 2 planes destroy that structure? Seems as if 2 planes hitting a building has 100% chance to bring down any building; specifically those gigantic buildings…
The Damper required power which could be lost in a storm. Why didn't it have a backup generator?
These buildings wear out eventually right?  How do you take down such a large building safely?
Why did the city approve this?! The people responsible for this should have their credentials evaluated
Someone did this already. You guys just copying each others content?
They let this thing pass inspection and I have to get a permit to strap my water heater?
How in the world were they allowed to destroy that precious gothic church??? Unbelievable. I don't care about the rest of the video.
veritasium videos have gone downhill so far recently :(   What happened to quality?
Is it Just me? Or this building is one of the ugliest, and soulless buildings ever seen.
This is cool but most importantly can y'all share where Henry got his jacket?
Why oh why did they have to remove the church..,, l love the juxtaposition between the old and new in a city…. Stupid city planning.,. Getting rid of any old beautiful buildings… sorry spelling errors but u get the point. Engineering stuff is fascinating too.
wait so why the woman almost dropped the baby but then claimed she didnt talk to him? why she was excited at the beginning?
I swear I’ve seen this video before what?
wait did they replace a gothic church by a minecraft stone block?
Why does that church look like a Tesla Cybertruck?
❓️As this was constructed in 1978 with technology available at the time, do any structural engineers here think this could be avoided today using computer models, etc?
So who were the idiots who decided to go with bolts over specifically designed welding, and did not consult with the architect?  Why would that action not be a crime or at least professional malfeasance subject to severe penalties?
The YT channel "The Aesthetic City" would have a field day with this.  There are so many videos now on the problems with skyscrapers and the over-use of reinforced steel for construction.  Crumbling infrastructure (e.g. Brooklyn-Queens Expressway) and leaning buildings seem to be only the beginning.  One wonders what will happen when the costs to repair appear to outweigh the apparent benefits?  To think that China (and many others) have fallen into the trap of copying this sort of design and architecture - and for what, for whom?  Who wants to live in a concrete bunker filled jungle anyway?
What is it with Varitasium and changing the name and thumbnail of every video 😭
What amazed me is that on a structural building,so design difficult why on earth did no one look at the quarterly wind projections on the building ,when a student whose knowledge is far below the buildings structural engineer s was able to understand the need for this to be çhecked ,it really beggars belief ,then on top of that far less bolts on braces  ie welded  by engineer but bolted in penny pinching exercise ,but on top of that the extremely important damper ,had no back up generator if power went off in high winds forget the braces ,Amen ❤
Is anyone else freaked out by the idea that a whole bunch of skyscrapers in quake- and hurricane-prone areas apparently require a constant power supply to not fall over??? Cool cool cool, so that's fine, unless power outages are a thing that tends to happen during quakes and hurricanes.  I guess they all have generators?
what?  that old church was amazing looking.  that dog food bowl of a crap shack the replaced it with looks horrible???
Wasn't an architectural student girl who discovered the problem?
I wonder if they could have done some funny business by rotating it by 45 degrees so that the supports actually ended up in the corners
I don't like that the problem was hidden. They probably could have done the welding much faster. Maybe if the storm hadn't luckly drifted away that might have ended in an insanely destroyed city with many deaths?
5:19 why does the Left column pull down and the Rught column push up?
But did they consider winds that come from North, West and up?
What are the chances of the media starting a strike for months minutes before calling them back, in combination with the storm switching course? Sounds like some prayers were answered. Thank God the building still stands and everything could be repaired without a mass panic.
Could they have used some type of binding plates that would allow a bit of movement? EDIT: Always finish the video before commenting! LOL
Wasn't that the one where the issue was discovered by engineering students in a university?
Physically gagged at the new "church". Modern architecture is so bland and uninspired "oooh look we have angles on top of blocks" actually makes for a most unremarkable and easy to forget design. Humanity has forsaken beauty and craftsmanship for... what, exactly?
This guy in his rust-red jacket telling people something with his hands and feet is simply ridiculous with his posturing. Why can't he just say what he has to say without gesticulating wildly with his arms?
why are there so many idiots wasting their money on this youtuber by donating to them
2:00 so instead of cutting off like one edge and making it a square with one flat side (which would look kinda neat) ... you turned it into a popsicle?
What an awesome video.  Was anyone else confused by the “compression” blue arrows pointing outward and the “tension” red arrows pointing in??😅
Who else learnt about his during their civil / structural engineering degree??
All that effort instead of just rotating the building 45 degrees?
Who would have thought that building a skyscraper on a TV tray would be a bad idea.
Who approved this horrible building design.
Who knew that a building with a thin bottom would be able to fall easily under high speed winds?  I feel like this would be basic logic.
What an incredible man 😊 oh and what a gift that newspaper strike was😂😂
is it s joke? 1:38 beautiful cafedral was demolished for that ugly bunker? and you had a decency word it as "old crumbling gothic style for a brand new one? "
Why would someone looking at a drawing where one corner has to be left out, decide to remove ALL four corners instead of just trying to make it 'better looking' with three corners intact?? Does not make sense; looks dangerous and if needed to be made structurally sound due to freak incident looks like it would be expensive to remedy???
One of my first thoughts for some reason was like, did they let the President know?
What kind of Engineer would not know that?
It's a building in Manhattan, why are you using kilometers??
The city knew before the article... why wait for the article to update the code to require quarter wind calculations?
When Progressive liberals still had some common sense about the social status around them.  Now, the community would totally be in the black.
So that student who came out and claimed he spoke to LeMessurier, all about the Citicorp building, also said he did not discuss the quartering winds issue. Diane really was the hero ig?
Was St Peters the one that Staypuft stepped on?
why is this building so popular lately, ive seen 3 videos on it last couple months
Are vertical winds negligible in this case?
What an arrogant man. An apprentise carpenter could see that his design is trash.
I wonder what kind of people would want to build an ugly unstable skyscraper for their bank directly above a church, and also want to replace the gothic church architecture with a brutalist monstrosity?
I'm a little confused about one, unimportant detail:  How do these diagonal beams allow for windows?
Here are some more tidbits:  We need to find out the rental or renting agencies that are associated with these people on this planet? That is why I think they all can move out and others can't in a large number to do what they are doing to me right now. So similar to the call centers everyone go find out who these agencies are and then get rid of them of good. If you need to have students go around and find out what is the name of the renting facility and collect names and numbers then get rid of them.    Another thing we all need to do is collect as much information and each phone and let people develop a spreadsheet or whatever then start selling phones....even go an replace them in the box and take the other ones to similar to walkie talkies and tell everyone those are the real ones to force them out into circulation.   Another thing we need to do is check under floor of some stores to find a crack and open it. Any type of medication or anything....add to those handhelds to find inventory they all hiding. They are hiding it for a reason.   If you can get a loan for anything you do not have to pay it back, so the act of writing the check from donations or numbers you can cash a check. What else needs to be done is be allowed to cash an old check at any date. CREATE legislation to cash a check at any date so even if it is very old....go cash it.    Here is another one to ask.....  Did you all write only particular people's contracts in a particular fashion so that they don't have resources to go up there?
Are you able to see the great block of cheese if you were to go into the building and ask?
Veriasium is slipping. This is the fourth notification of a video where I've seen it all before. Veritasium used to blow my mind. Now it just blows. What happened?
Why are you talking about the winds it could withstand in mph but when you start talking about the hurricane you refer to the wind speed in kph. Just annoying honestly, let’s stick to mph or kph pick one! Being that it’s NYC, I think mph would be appropriate.
Didn’t his student mention this to him!?
The question should not be who built it, but rather which city officials okayed it?
The old church looks a lot bigger than the new one Was that part of the agreement?
He asked them to weld it, how in God's name did you use bolts without even adjusting this?
Why had the church to be free 2/3 towards the sky? Is it an antenna? Do they need the air to reach god?
why get rid of such a pretty church for a gray block
Why is bro allways looking stoned out of his mind
Why did they put all columns in the middle? Seems like you only need one corner column split into two and moved to either side to make room for the church. Also could have cut a neat looking notch in that corner of the building going all the way up. The design seems just dumb, like a bunch of lego bricks and then some angled ones for the top. No matter what they say or how they build it, you can see it has a fraction of the stability of a normal building.
A question:  why would a MTD need power to work?  From what I saw in the video, it is totally mechanical.  I thought it acted on its own as the building moved. An off the wall question:  they filmed “the secret to my success “ at Citicorp, didn’t they?  Looks like it.  Was the interior shots filmed in that building too?
You are an engineer, you are planning a large ass building, and you research wind only from 4 sides, not diagonally ?  Are you 12,  how restarted you need to be ?
When this skyscraper was build, they bought out all the surrounding blocks, which back then were pawn shops and massage parlors and cleaned up the seedy neighborhood to make way for radical change. It's one of NYC's iconic landmarks.
at 12:45 in a student call sketch you depict student as a guy and refer to student as "him", and later admit that student that first informed Bill was most likely a female. what affected your decision to make it this way?
„Old crumbling gothic church“ ? I would call it a cultural heritage that has to be protected but hey, I‘m just a european socialist right?
Interesting topic. But I couldn't watch because of the physical pain caused by the constant pronunciation of _Mesurier_ as "measure", i.e two syllables instead of four. Is that really the normal pronunciation in the US?
12:38 where is the telephone cord?
27:08 "Now the building, according to LeMessurier can withstand a 1 in 1,000 storm" How much do we trust him? He was wrong when he built it, his firm was wrong when they fixed it the first time. How confident can you be now?
In the US, if there is private investment, how can anything be prevented?
How is that possible? He might as well live in a 2-star hotel in London half the week, then travel off peak back home, itd be half price surely. That £600/wkly is bollocks. £2400/ month travel?? Nah, crap! That was a half decent wage back in early 2000s
Build it....we'll worry about feasibility studies LATER,  just HOW dumb are people?
The question is: Has the building been under the stress capable of bringing it down since the repairs?
Is the "p" in Citicorp pronounced?
Is it really necessary for buildings to get that tall or is it just dick measuring?
How do you allow to replace a real church with that hiseous post modern piece of nothing. Zero esthetic sence. It is practically a crime to humanity. That there, is money speaking.
Can you guys use freedom units not just heathen units
What an act! They didn't know when it was under construction?? Isn't it wiggled while building the sky scraper? Or not even tested the prototype?? Maybe it is for making the black money into white by claiming insurance. Old book trick
Why didn't they just rotate the building design by 45 degrees about the vertical axis before constructing the building so that the stilts could be placed at the corners, or so that they could have just made a regular building without the chevrons???
I admire the engineering marvels but to go through all this to keep a building dedicating to worshipping a mythological creature is amazing.  I would have liked to know more about the top sloping part of the building.  Why is it like that?
What a stupid design, and all to "save" a church that was torn down and replaced with an ugly one instead. The chair with legs on the sides is a perfect analogy; even a child can recognize that it's inferior.
How many edge cases such as the diagonal wind have been missed in other mega structures ??
Well, that is a downgrade. Why not keeping and fixing the old one? Why must everything look so boring boxy nowadays?
How could speaking out about a problem be more reputation damaging than having your work collapse?? He wasn't even the one who made the decision to swap out the welding for bolts
What about the fact that wind moves around the nearby buildings causing mechanical friction.
Would it be better if the building was cylindrical with these diagonal chevrons? Would the cylinder lead to reduction in the force of winds?
wasnt it a student that told him about it?
How are building plans not peer reviewed?!
What building is that at 32:01 with the dutch flag on it? So cool to see my country's flag represented in NY!! 😃
How were they allowed to demolish that beautyful old church?
Just wondering, at 16:00 why is the weight of the TMD not included in the gravity load?
Um, why wasn’t wind considered from all directions?
But when tall building fall they always fall straight down upon themselves like the towers. Was I lied to?
Why ever to build weird building if you can build normal one? I mean engineering\architecture is not about the freak show. I mean in terms of safety (still not quite legal) there is bunch of ways to deal with rebelous church in the way. Or they may just pick a new place to build.
Was this first mass damper building built in 1977 built earlier than the John Hancock building in 1975/76?
6:47 YOU KNOW WHAT ELSE I MASSIVE?
Lol did they even play Jenga?
What for 1 Church they are sacrificing 100 of thousands lives
Why did his firm not inform him about the changing from welds to bolts? From this story alone, it seems to me some corrupt people were involved in the project, and if the building had collapsed, he would have been blamed by the everybody
Who else is here before this blows up
Are there examples of electricity generation from tuned mass dampers in skyscrapers? Usually it gets turned directly into heat, but it seems like there is a lot of potential energy to be harvested. Anyone kowing more about that?
How was this allowed!? Do they mean why does YouTube allow pointless clickbait garbage videos like this!? Good question…
Does every YouTuber do a video on this? I swear this is the third I've seen this month.
Why did you wash away the woman, Diane Hartley, who made a study of this building pointing out these structural integrity issues, causing the issue to be contemplated by the main engineer, LeMessurier?
Random 0,5- 1,5 second videoclips of some random cartoon? Must be AI. Infuriating to watch, can we get AI created clips that are longer than 2 seconds?
what if the building still have fatal structural flaw and still collapse in like 30 years from now. and this very video is featured in the future veritasium like engineering future youtube-like video
why do they call it a 'chevron' and not a 'truss' ?
Aren't there supposed to be independent peer reviews for any building designs in a dense high-rise city like Manhattan?
Why was it allowed? C'mon y'all, it's New York City, home of the original democrat bribery! As good today as in the original!
Thank you for this extremely good education video. Is there a chance for another video about ethics in electronics engineering  or automotive engineering in the future?
How did they ever pull off this amount of welding in a fully enclosed, fully furnished space? The amount of heat and smoke generated from welding structural steel beams is colossal.
I thought a student caught the problem an alerted LeMessurier?
Why Europe is beautiful and historic?   Because we don't replace "old crumbling gothic church" by concrete blocs.
what about that bit at 18:40 that the TMD only works if it has power??? this building is being kept up by electricity? I think this video has persuaded me that sky scrapers are just a bad idea
Seems like he should have LeMessured those wind forces better amirite?
I almost feel God was over your shoulder. The warning, the retesting, the fact repairs didn't got a thick red tape, the press strike, and finally as evacuation proceeded that catastrophee veered side.  I forgot about the church, there wouldn't had been a Babel 2 that day.  But the corner cutting budget saving idiots! Did they got their brain for free from Temu?
1:34 And no one thought that this, in itself, was a bad idea? How old exactly was the Church?  If its as old as it looks, shouldn't such architecture be preserved somehow?
When I was there, I knew there was a church at the foot of the building but .. I was like, wheres the church?? 😄
Do you build and design buildings?
How many channels are gonna make a video about this shitty building?
Why nobody questions the contractor who saved half a million but sacrificed the integrity.  And the church too, ahh these religious beliefs and concept of gods. Crazy.
On a different video, I was told that it was a woman architectural student who first pointed ot thi weakness. To this senior architect's credit, he listened to her concerns, looked into them, found she was right, and took appropriate action.  What would have happened if it wasn't for this student?
Bro, they destroyed that work of art and replaced it with a block. Wth is this soviet russia???
Is there a reason they dont just rotatae the buidling plan by 45 degree?
1:38  ...they couldn't have made the new church building at least half as beautiful as the old one?
What an awesome video! As a non engineer I learned a ton and good on Bill for doing the right thing
Why can't they just turn the tower 45 degrees and keep the tilts normal？
Yeah lets praise the "whistle blower" for telling exactly 0 members of the public about the safety issue, bc thats what a whistle blower does right?
when I heard bolts I instantly thought "shearing." a bolt can't handle as much shear as a well-done weld
I wonder if they could have pulled this off with post-tension decking rather than what I'm assuming was just slab on metal deck.
0:56 didn’t a girl tell her about it?
Why we need universities, case study.
How on earth the day a skyscraper needs to go down? I seen when they blow up such once in a middle of any other healthy skyscrapers, protected ofc and such & a really deep controlled demolishing boom! :)  And most of it wen on well, things gets repered all around & workers collect the junk & rebuild a new one.  But I´m wondering.. How to take down those absolutely the widest and longest one & those whom actually really standing close to all other so near one another?  Do they, or would the workers de construct some of the weight & material from TOP down before they use some TNT for the rest?  It´s scary & fascinating at the same time! :)  Thank you for this amazing episode. You are all remarkable people.  BR AN.
When will Fauci come clean??? Never.
Why do you have so many bot comments posting the same generic messages on this video?
What straight guy willingly wears a belly shirt? Just saying.
I'm confused why citicorp had to pay for the repairs rather than the designers. If the bloke truly did feel responsibility for the situation, shouldn't that extend to the finances?
@10:50, WTF is Willis Tower??
Who tf thought it was a good idea to let this man design a building like that
The Qube in Vancouver, BC, Canada?
Did this guy just say that it was "the first time in history that architects decided to make the building more difficult to design and construct"? I would think that someone with some expertise in the field would have been aware of Venice. Obviously there are a seemingly endless other examples of this concept at work All over the world. Using Venice as an example was to illustrate that not only has it been done before, but done centuries ago
How is this even approved at the planning stages. What are you just drawing on in etch-n- sketch and turn it in and get your permits
*me who has no idea what they’re talking about*  You idiots how could yall make such an obvious mistake!?
How could "his people" unilaterally decide to switch from welds to bolts without telling him?
Why are we destroying beautiful gothic churches?
Why did I randomly see a video on this a few months ago about a student accidentally helping LeMessurier realize all this, and now this video.  Why suddenly make a video about this. 🤔
I can't help but note that the original title of this video was very quickly changed. Lawyers, much?
why cant you just make a normal f**** building
8:03 who's iron man?
21:21 So, knowing how catastrophic it would be to have this skyscraper topple, possibly knocking over other buildings like dominoes and creating a line of destruction in its wake, how incredibly lucky is it that on September 11, 2001 two skyscrapers and one other building did not topple, but miraculously collapsed straight down, purely by chance, not toppling or crushing scores of other buildings? What are the odds of this happening purely by chance?
Why are you using green dot aviations music?
What a horribly ugly church, they tore down a beautiful one too.
Why are you doing measurements in KMPH in the United States? Knock that off, MPH is OUR measurement, use it correctly!!!!
Is this video using AI art? I noticed the scenes of LeMessurier's office the clock text looks very weird for some reason (specifically I saw at 24:54 but it's elsewhere as well). Could just be artistic choice but I want to be sure
What a disappointing clickbait title for this channel.The building as designed is safe. The 99% Invisible podcast on the Citibank tower is where I'd start.
Why does this feel like a reupload?
I like these types of videos from you. Can you do more like this?
What a remarkable story. With today's political turmoil it's refreshing to hear such ethnical and moral courage for the safety of others. WOW.
Wasn't it an architecture or engineering STUDENT  who warned for those rare but still dangerous vibrations caused by strong wind?
@0.54 Why does the building look like a Norelco electric shaver ?
Wait, that thing next to the building has always been a church?
He did the right things by correcting his mistake. Just think of how many have kept their mouths shut and never corrected their mistakes?
Traditional Japanese Pagodas use a detached central column as a mass dampener for earthquake resistance, plus several other kinds of movement dampeners, don't they?
And today, are there computer simulations that can accurately design and predict weakness of the buildings?
Why do you use kmph instead of mph knowing this is an American building?
I dunno if it's my ADHD or what. But as the son of an accomplished Civil Engineer and an engineer myself (non-structural),  I can't imagine a project of this scale passing through the entire design phase without thinking about wind force on all sides of the building. Sure, the faces of tall buildings are what is typically important as they will take the majority of wind force. But with an unprecedented design like this one, I would think any architectural design firm, not to mention the dozens of engineers involved, would test all possible stresses on the design. Especially one like this in the middle of a densely populated city. I am baffled how this problem slipped through without anyone knowing. It more likely was known, at least to some, but ignored, IMO. If not, this is an extreme case of negligence. Not out of simple carelessness, but out of hubris. What an embarrassing legacy for the lead architect here. Hopefully it remains just that and doesn't end up one of the worst preventable man-made disasters in US history. It may be "fixed", but, is it really?
Why didn't they just make it round and more aero-dynamic?
What a shame they destroyed that beautiful gothic church for some modernist garbage.
Isn't this used for the nighttime outside shots of in "Suits"?
What an interesting video. Several points really shocked me! * Was willing to demolish that lovely old church in the first place * Didnt know what his team were doing with his design within his firm regarding the bolts and the welding and so on * I guess didnt check it met the design post execution? Maybe thats normal for high flying arcitects but I find it suprising. Given that ultimately the consequences of the building faults winding up falling at his feet, I'd have thought he would have done a bit of second checking... * Didnt consider the quartering winds * Relied on the static model * That phone call with the student - the arcitect can have some Good Guy points from me for that one, it was nice of him to walk a student through his work over the phone, I bet he was busy. But we are told that the student had questions because of what his lecturer had said ... which kinda points to the possibility that actually questions about this buildings stability were circulating more widely, which makes me wonder why it even fell to the arcitect to check his model himself years after the fact, I'm suprised someone else hadnt already worked the maths through by this point and raised the alarm. Sounds like it was a bit of an open secret.  * The guy who helped him make the dynamic model, we are told, "wasnt going to tell anyone". REALLY?! WOW. If I had been that guy, sure I'd have let the arcitect spill the beans himself on his own terms but we are virtually told that if the arcitect had chosen silence then his bro in canada would have kept the secret - holy heck!  * Easy to give him props for fessing up to his blunder but to me thats the baseline expectation of a decent human being. And whether or not he was willing to own his mistake would not have mattered if his bro in canada hadnt been willing to stay silent apparently!  * The public were not told * The arcitect talking about how People Didnt Need To Be Terrorized... eh. What gives him the right to have the lives of all these people entrusted to him getting it right, when he didnt get it right the first time? There was a chance Bob could have been squashed flat by a domino effect of falling buildings, and he wasnt given the opportunity to choose whether or not to risk staying or go... as the arcitect luckily didnt screw it up the second time around (as far as we know!) Bob gets to live, but I would be mad not to have been told beforehand! * I knew collapsing skyscrapers were A Bad Thing, but I never realised a whole conga line of them could domino-doom one other in a big chain of collapsing death like in a cartoon!  * "Aha, the press went on strike! I got away with it!" Pretty smug imo.  * The repairs are halfway done when Hurricane Ella is coming. There's a chance the building might fall!!!... or it Might Be Ok. Warn the public? No, lets bite our nails and get ready to round everyone up at the very last minute... Anyway, I have written too much.
They destroyed that beautiful gothic church for that absolute trash?
What I understood from the video was that he didn't make a mistake. The design was changed without his knowledge to use bolts instead of welding on those braces. This sounds similar to that case where a suspended walkway collapsed because the original design of a continuous suspension rod was changed to two separate rods so the loading was changed on the supporting bolts. I'm sorry I can't remember the name of the incident.
The old church was beautiful and the new church looked like garbage. The better question is who let them build that abomination of a church?
would it not have been a lot cheaper to put the church atop the building? that pastor would only allow American Express on the collection plate.
When I was 9 around 1994, I met a man named "Ali Ong Hing" which was seated next to me on an airplane, and he was traveling the world to assist in the spread of the TMDs into skyscrapers. At the time, I was huge into K'NEX, so when I asked him about his job, he described to me in ways that I could visualize. We spoke for about 10-15 minutes about these things and he was surprised I could keep up with his simplified explanations so easily. I'll never forget, after we spoke about what he did, he began talking about his worldly beliefs, like how we shock our bodies when we drink ice water. And as the flight attendant brought me my glass of ice coca-cola, he said "just like that". Sorry, Ali... It's been 30 years since we spoke but I'm still enjoying my ice cold, body shocking coca-cola. I still studying architecture, too.
Why did nobody talk about the “media blackout” ??????
I wonder if the 100% of collapse considered the variation on material property. The strength of the bolts would be based on the lower 5% value, so 95% of them would be stronger, even without any factor is safety in the calculations
how can people secretly disapprove of architect's plans to point of changing them without discussion 😮 ...without his approval they are responsible for consequences, but he should've been keeping eye on them!
Why did you describe it as a CRUMBLING church
"Despite the risk, they decided not to tell the public, even the office workers in the building" - like, this is insane to me. How this video does it with such a cheery tone is beyond me. We're meant to laud this guy's ethics, and that telephone lines were created to spy on the building's instability?
It was not him. Was a female student Diane Hartley that discovered it first?
What happens when the 1/1000 storm hits. Statistically it will happen
Geez, why wouldn’t it come down at freefall speed like building 7 and in its own footprint. Isn’t that what happens when buildings collapse?
How on earth were they allowed to destroy that church and replace it with a giant doorstop I do not know.
I wonder if they considered using a microwave comms link, instead of new telephone lines.  (Those lineworkers, by the way, looked to me  like they were working on power, not communications, lines, based on the size of the insulators.)
What happened to the student that found the problem?
Why didn't they close the building down and weld 24/7?
"No one wanted a mass panic." Veritasium approves of the coverup. Does this guy have any ethics?
When I was a student at Berkley in the early 80's, four of us did a study of the Oakland Colosseum Arena.  The original design had just vertical columns below the "X" bracing. It looked to us, as baby architecture students early in our structural studies, like a "soft story" (lower floor that is less stiff than the structure above it, which is an earthquake hazard).  We called the architect at Skidmore Owings & Merrill.  He said it wasn't a soft story.  In our presentation to the class we said it looked to us like a soft story but the architect said it wasn't.  In the '90's they did a rehab of the building and added big shear walls in the not soft story.  Apparently it was a soft story after all!
What is the diference between this and Celanese CDMX estructurally?
Is this a re-upload? Or maybe quite similar to another video on YouTube?
22:05 are you sure it wouldn't have fallen perfectly straight down like buildings in New York seem to do?
Why didn't they leave the gothic chirch tho? 🥲
are we ready for a moonshot or another bumpy ride? lets go RockSolidProtocol!!!
how did the church accept that urban massacre ?! The beautiful unreplaceable historic architecture for a new modern building that has no value in comparison.
No hate or anything but I feel this is the 3rd or 4th video on this exact building from a major yt channel. Anyone else or am I just remembering badly ?
How is it possible the building is not subject to twisting in the stilts?  Is the central column sufficient to prevent it?
Who knows how many real Christians were praying that day so the hurricane went the other way. Things just not "somehow' happened, God was in this history.
is that one dude wearing a republican elephant on his lapel?!
Why destroying such a beautiful church and replacing it with a ugly modern one nobody wants.
I wonder how many AT&T technicians showed up to install those phone lines? They probably had every tech in NYC on standby for that project.
How did they get the 5cm thick steel plate "plasters" up the building?  Lifts wouldn't take them ?
Does anyone else believe that had they not even attempted to fix that building, the storm would've destroyed it? sometimes I have these weird ideas considering synchronicity.
they took down that beautiful gothic Church and replaced it with that monstrosity?
Another guy doing the video....why???
Really??!!!?!  His name is "La...Measure..*"???!!!  Family history?
Did you notice that this is the SUITS building?
There was an older video on this, right?
9:30 wouldn't a critically damped system theoretically not oscillate/overshoot at all?
I am curious, how much is LeMessurier's fault in the calculations? Given that it wasn't him that approved changing the welding for the bolts and the bolt numbers calculation was way off. Would've been enough if the structure was welded as initially agreed?
So is the church still there? Isn’t that the only reason they built it the way they did? Because a church was in the way?
ok, let me get this straight. they knew there was a chance of the building collapse. so instead of evacuating the building to do all the necessary modifications as fast as possible, they tried to do it in secret even though it pushed it dangerously close to a storm that could collapse the building ? so they put profit ahead of safety TWICE, and we are praising them ?
What a disgrace to demolish a beautiful history rich old building like a gothic church
didn't anybody notice that in the name of this engineer dude there are 2 S?
Software Engineer here, with computer aided design and the ability to run simulations, is there anything similar to Unit Testing that is performed as any kind of regulation? Like saved scenarios that can be repeatedly tested against a new building as it's being designed?
Wasn't it a student who ran some simulations and found a potential structural issue? And then the engineers investigated and rectified?
No, not props.  The quartering winds stress tests should have been done prior to constructing.  They knew it was a new method of supporting a skyscraper, so why not run every test possible, even some that have never been done before.  That was negligence on his part and put many life's at danger.  I'm no expert but I have common sense to know that moving the support collums to the center of the sides will decrease stability.  Did yall play with Legos or something similar as a kid?
The saddest thing for me is that they did not try to restore the church. Its replacement is atrocious. Why can't we learn to restore buildings that we could never build with today's costs?
How do people not realize that someone entered in their office during the night, dismantled the sheet rock in the beams and welded some 2 meters of steel, then put everything back where it was?
When you know you made an error after the fact with good intention, you should be protected of any threath !! Otherwise, everyone is at risk !!!
how was this allowed? Easy, like how everything in youre country works. Bribe some ppl, pay some ppl, get it done. How are you asking this q?:))
When you start getting gutsy during a game of Jenga
why not tension the skipped columns with steel cables, they can't transfer bearing loads downward but prevent over tension the structural columns?
The media blackout timing and the death of the primary engineer… “unfortunately he died in 2007 before he could identify the student” … sounds pretty sus to me. Anyone else?
10:50 World??? You sure about that?
“Hey Quinn. Do I remind you of the donkey that killed your mom?”  😂 who tf comes up with this 💩?
29:15  I'm confused, why call it "quartering winds" when it could be called "cornering winds"?
Why does the church remind me a lot of that church in GTA Liberty Ciry stories
Couldn't they have just added more bolts?
That’s the new church? Y’all worshipping the cube?
when i look at it, it feels like it would fall on me 😝
The members of the city planning commission all got newspaper's with fishes sent to them as a slight encouragement to not oppose this building 🤔?
The color banding in some of the illustrations is atrocious, even in 4K. Might I suggest you use uniform backgrounds for the graphs?
Is this the building that the architecture student raised the alarm about?
What a shitty church… I’m sorry but that’s just ugly…
Could you imagine designing a building and realizing mistakes that could kill thousands after it was built?😅
Why in the world would you paint this person as good and the evidence say otherwise?  Why all of a sudden, veritasium is talking about a random building? I looked deeper into this and voilah! This building guy is Jewish and also the author 💀 Good animation though. You almost got me there😂😂😂😂😂
Where is Diane Hartley now? What did she have that made her the only person to ask that question?
Hmm if they got the entire block, why not just build the tower near 3rd. Ave. instead of near Lexington?
What this also highlights is the risk of changing a design simply for cost-cutting reasons and not properly testing those changes to the design.
Why are there 10,000 bots in the comments? Same four things said over and over again
do you know that the name "LeMessurier" comes from the french and means "the person taking the measurements"
Why are buildings in the US so ugly
They tore down that beautiful gothic church and built that fugly thing?
Why didn't they go further by harvesting the pendulum energy to use it for saving the planet?
.... Now that Golden Girls hurricane season line isn't as funny.  The Golden Girls was the group of elderly friends in NYC, right?
Can someone explain 5:13? How does the beam in compression pull on the joints?
Why didn't they just pivot the building 45 degrees, so that it is facing the corner of Lex and 53rd, not in alignment with the corner?
What happened to finite element analysis of the loads under windy conditions?   A fundamental and necessary element of the design process?    There's a story there about design checking.
Was he joking when he noted it would collapse in his lifetime? As if that was the reason he acted? That "joke" about suicide as an answer to this problem makes me wonder what he truly cared about.  He should have fixed the problem FIRST before considering leaving thousands to die and the only person who knew about it dead from suicide. Whenever I hear about this building, it makes me angry. I would have wanted to KNOW before setting foot near that building.
What a wonderful story!!! Thanks for bringing it up.
Can you do something about high rise cladding in London? The story here is far from good.
when the architects name is "Measure" you know whats up
WTF, am i suddenly watching the B1M?
How is destroying a good looking church ethical?
Wait, they kept it secret for almost 20 years, and only then the building regulations were updated to include diagonal winds??
A 6 year old, playing with blocks, would quickly realize the stilts are a bad idea. Why do we allow such nonsense?
How can the engineer decide to change the welds to bolts without first asking the architect. It seems to me that if any changes are made they should have to go back and confer with the architect first. That one step probably would have avoided this entire problem.
I'm about to take my final in structural mechanics,  and I get a truss analysis video from Veritasium???
I'm really no architect and I'm not through the whole video yet but could they not just have rotated the building 45° to have the stilts at the corners, circumventing a lot of problems?
Is there any mass dampener systems that generate power? That's a lot of weight swinging in the wind
So I just hit the point in video where they say it is bolted and not welded. Absolutely reinforced the stereotype of white-hat hardhats in their slacks and ironed shirts on jobsites being incredibly out of touch.  How could you ever hang your career on a building and not notice the lack of welders on site doing what they need to do?
Just one question: Does the building had ever been under those "dangerous winds" they compensate the structure for?
is it weird to anyone else that a youtube channel has a producer? like what this aint hollywood man why cant u just make the videos yourself 😂
i wonder how often he ignored warnings from engineers that the design was a bad idea.
What a fascinating documentary. Especially about a building hovering  above Saint Peter’s church where I’ve played and visited many times. Knew nothing about this. Thank you.
"Old crumbling gothic church" you mean a work of art that you destroyed?
Can we please talk more about the lead who decided not to weld? How are THEY still in business?
What a great video lads. Great quality and thoroughly interesting.
What first year engineering student couldn't see the fatal flaw in this design? Unbelieveable.  Ever see the LA apartment buildings that have stilt structures that allow for more parking underneath?  Yeah, they fold like a house of cards during an earthquake.  Anybody else see the ironic juxtaposition of a defiant Christian church indirectly bringing down the church of wealth and greed?
1.4 as in the diagonal of a square?
Who would have thought building a skyscraper with a tiny thin toothpicky base under it would prove to be unstable. Well at least its really ugly lol 1:30 OMG what a loss.  They went from a beautiful gothic church to a misshapen concrete box
How the hell did nobody notice that there was construction happening in their office every single night 😂
are these names made up? le measure the architect/engineer? lee the careless? lmao
Why can't America fix a gothic church without ripping it down? Europe has managed it for centuries.
why is ALL text italic on this page on this page and no other? Did you f with youtube again?
Didn’t a female structural engineering student point this out to him?
Why did they not turn the building 45 deg? Thus placing the pylons at the corners. Ok I did not watch all the video...
How many other times have we been lied to about the safety of everything.
How the hell did this m*ron LeMessurier design a building by calculating the wind from only 4 sides... since when does wind act like this, especially in an urban environment it is more than expected to have wind in the corner of the building. Also, why isn't this sc*mb*g in jail? It shpuld be the same as for the doctors. After discovering the problem, he ... checked the historical weather forecasts? Most likely to keep quiet if by chance there wasn't such a strong wind there beffore ... and finally instead of announcing it to everyone after it was secured, he keeps quiet again. B*stards like him will always get away with it, but if a tragedy had happened - "It happens" P.S. Great video, amazing editing and prooved information as aways
Those welds saved the building for a few years. But can we be sure the building won't collapse in the future?
Why not put the structure 45 degrees on the stilts? Kudos to the guy for coming clean for a botch job he didn''t cause himself. Skipping welds for bolts was not his design.
So they couldn't add any character to the Church building or was that a structural problem as well?
Do bankers have Ethics courses? Which case studies?
What about the world trade buildings?  I think the contractor cut corners?
Engineer: Aight just weld here  Architect: But... what if I didn't?
Not to be that guy but... couldn't all of this have been avoided had these corporate stooges built it elsewhere?
Why make your life more difficult? Many engineers and architects like to argue with mother nature. Mostly for self aggrandization or hubris. In my opinion this is always a bad idea. For typical large concrete and glass buildings in business centres working with mother nature allows everyone to sleep better. If you want add a few gargoyles.
If they built the chevrons with welds as the original design called for instead of bolts, would the building still have been at risk?
"Fake News"                       would "they" really act the same (courageously) today?
When you actually own up to your mistakes.  If only the US had an actual President vs an invilid child to do the same.
How could this being studied as a case of proper ethic behavior? The right thing to do was go public, make the reform as fast as possible and warn everubody, probably evacuating the dangered area as long as the reform takes.
Why the bloody hell this video show up when I search for funny cat video. Is youtube algorithm broke or something?
What would Trump do? Think about that scenario.
Did anyone else cringe when they destroyed the gothic church to replace it with that concrete block?
Why not just add three corners back...
Curious what happens if a terrorist takes out one of those columns. Similar to Oklahoma city, someone could drive up in a van or truck full of explosives placed next to one column and take it out. Could it stand on just three legs?
So who designed the twin towers ? The bush ?
It’s interesting to think of this situation through the lens of ethics rather than engineering or economics.   Imagine if you knew in August 2001, based on intelligence tipoffs, that there was a 50-50 chance a hijacked plane was going to fly into the World Trade Center. Concerned about mass panic and civil unrest, you decide the best plan is to prepare a contingency alert in the shadows- but hide the truth from everyone working in that building.  Is that a morally acceptable choice? Would you, as a person working in the Citicorp building, appreciate discovering decades later that you had a 1/16 chance of dying in a building collapse in the 1970s because the engineers wanted to fix everything in the shadows without inciting any employees to panic?
WHY SAY THAT THE GOTHIC CHURCH WAS ‘CRUMBLING’!!!? There is no evidence of that whatsoever. In this instance, VERITAS MY ASS. And the new church is an eyesore. Engineer showing that though competent, he is blatantly ignorant.
Isnt it odd that because of hurricane bella they got Terrorized and started patching up the building and then the hurricane that's gonna test it is hurricane ella?
10:35  2,800 TONS of steel only costs $4m back then?
Who was the engineer that Diane Hartley had spoken to? LeMessurie almost missed the chance to discover the serious problem, and this unknown guy is LeMessurie's nemesis.
Did they say they put the band aids on at night on a small number of girders and then replaced the drywall before the office workers arrived the next morning? Why didn't they close the whole building down a bring in hundreds of welders to work around the clock until it was completed? They could have told people there was a gas leak in the area or something.
What blows my mind is the actual designer of the building never did site inspections…… he never went on site and noticed bolts instead of welds!!! I am a tradesman and would never not show up to a job and check out the guys…. Even if you went out and inspected 1 floor you would have noticed this problem…. So on his plans were welds and his employees just decided to make a huge change to bolts???? Something very wrong here.
How the hell has everyone involved not been arrested? The engineer did the right thing; his bosses are cold blooded psychopaths. The fact that this was hidden from the public by the head of CitiCorp, including the TENNANTS of the buildingis insane. And preventing panic is just an excuse. They didn't want to lose profits and face liability. That's it.
Why this was ever allowed is beyond belief!
Why would you design it having ALL corners removed rather than just the one that was deemed necessary for the Church ???? Seems like you are given a task and just make it 100 times more difficult by trying to be 'clever' !!!
Why build a hideous building like this in the first place?
Was this used as inspiration for Numb3rs s01e04 "Structural Corruption"?
Wasn't it a college student who actually informed him of this flaw?
How can people know about a story like this, and still reject conspiracy theories? A mistake that could potentially kill 10.000 people or more was kept secret while they worked on fixing  it and they were hoping they would make it on time, which they very nearly did not. And they considered this ethical. Did LeMessurier work and live in that building during that time?
How does a bean counter get to decide to switch welds for bolts? The engineering was also flawed because the corner wind’s liability was taken into account but his instincts were correct to weld instead of bolt.
How was it allowed, same as eeverything else in America, graft and corruption! Americans god =$. Most corrupt place and people on the planet. Yet they have so much potential for good. Such a waste, they are so strong in their defence of the christian god, yet they work on good friday and easter sunday! Spare me the hypocisy. Thats how this was allowed!
How big a deal, not: How big "of" a deal.
Why would one destroy a beautiful gothic church in favor of such an abomination of a building😭  (Can you tell I don't like modern architecture lol)
What an ugly looking new church!!! The old church was beautiful!!!
1,4 x 2. What about earodynamics, doesn't that reduce the load?
if sombody is trying to make a tall building isn't making it 8 sided or just a cicrle  more stable ?
What a bunch of Imbeciles. Who would build a Logical /Mathematical screw up like this in that place in the first place? Just looking at it, one can tell it's a morons dream. Of course they are all a bunch of self praised  highly authoritative intellectual idiots.
So they "fixed" the building and now only 1 out of 1000 storms will knock it down. How is anyone comfortable with that?
Wasn't it a female student that made him aware of it?
Who cares if the skyscraper falls? No one good will be harmed. The real travesty is that church, it's hideous and should be counted as blasphemy.
What an ugly building. The old church was so much more beautiful. This building exemplifies greatly what I hate about modern urban planing and architecture.
Where exactly were LeMessurier's ethics again - sorry I missed them, in fact I noticed the opposite.
btw, do people engineering these take into account all the buildings already existing around or its not important?
So if the beams were welded and not bolted would there still been this issue?
hey Hollywood, why haven't you made a gripping movie about this?
16:21 no way they used only 4 bolts to connect those??? livng on edge? arent those usually made to withstand more than whats needed. i mean every cheap industrial gas pipe got 20+ bolts just in case, no? is it different?
Was this the exterior building used for Suits?
have they arrested anyone for rebuilding that gothic church as a featureless box?
16:10 why did the subtract the gravity load from the wind load?
isn't a damper like that very common now in high skyscrapers, mostly ultra thin skyscrapers? i think the steinway tower also has a simular damper.
And if one of those corner columns was struck by a large truck or a bomb placed there?
Did he realise that or was it a student and then told him?  I heard the student version first.
I don‘t know about the availability of welding teams in NY or all over the US and you probably couldn’t just ask anybody since this had to be somehow kept secret. But if you don‘t have enough time, wouldn’t doubling the workforce reducing the time needed by half? I mean what was the alternative?
I got say that church was way prettier than what was built after. How can someone think that destroying such building is a good thing?
An interesting video. But one part {~ 32:01 - 32:20} was unclear, with a loose end left dangling.  I think that should have been explored further.   I'm referring to:   "Although they did conclude that the pressure from perpendicular winds was greater, their analysis didn't include any internal structure specific to Citicorp."   Question:  Would that have made a difference??
What an interesting piece of history!!!❤😊🎉  Excellent video!!!❤🎉🙏 Thank you!!!
9:21 wait they really just adjust the friction? not the pendulums mass itself? idk it kinda feels unintuitive to me. wont the friction lessen drastically over time in use? i thought its on bearings or something and the exact mass of the pendulum is whats being calculated in skyscrapers. or are those dampers being readjusted every year or so?
6:44 by what ^POWER does the sheer force multiply as it descends? And how do we measure this??
I thought this was the building that the structural engineering college student discovered and brought up, am I mistaken?
When building something with so much innovation, better to test it in the wind tunnel before than after.
Am I the only one who thinks that this building looks like Cloud's Buster Sword from Final Fantasy 7 from the side?
When I hear "to replace that old crumbling gothic church" I immediately feel enraged, no matter what else those people did.
What a crazy idea the man who designed a building is” the only man in the world who knew” this building would collapse immediately upon erection because I’m too busy being incompetent to design a real building
If the contractors hadn't cheaped out and bolted the braces, would Citicorp have been the safest skyscraper ever built? Or did greed almost kill thousands?
Why did they replace that piece of art of a church with a lump of cement.
numpties could have just rotated the building 45 degrees so that the pillars are in/near the corners. where do i get my engineering license?
Wait so why is this the engineers fault? Didn’t he say to solder the trusses? Wasn’t it the GC that decided to bolt them? Wouldn’t this be the GCs fault?
What they did to that church was an abomination
couldn't you generate some electric energy through those dampers? Why wasting this in, like it seems, heat?
What an incredible story? What a great video you made here? I absolutely loved this episode. But then again, I love every single episode, you make fascinating stuff. Thank you thank you thank you
I have a question about moral standing: While LeMessurier was fixing the problem without alerting the people on the building, did he stay living on that building?
I wonder how many times something similar has been found and people just kept quiet. Are there any other buildings that are at risk of failing?
I can swear you've already made this video? :O Or maybe it was real engineering or some other engineering channel?
Why do you change the title of the video everytime
Is this a reupload or something? I'm sure I have seen this video before
I definitely prefer the appearance of the historic Gothic Church… Why have modern architects discarded ALL of the accumulated design wisdom acquired since 300BC?
Here in Europe it’s required that a second engineering office is proofing the calculations. They actually are taking the responsibility or are at least part of it. Isn’t that common in the US as well?
Cant believe people are using AI and cancer and children to make fake profiles into to screw with people and gain views on these bot accounts. Wonder what those accounts then turn into and support?
A 100% probability?  What are you even saying here? A 100% Maybe?
How did you make this video and not mention Superman or Adventures in Babysitting
They are willing to build a building like that even after what happen to the twin towers?
7:59 Umm, you know TMD means something else, right?
Can you do the same kind of video about the flawed design of the Twin Towers ??
It’s not out there all by itself. Does the wind ever hit it like in a calculation? What’s the effect of all the other buildings?
What the heck you can just call the guy and he’ll go through the calculations with you? Who can I call at ford and gm to complain about the idiotic engineering of their cars?
17:49 at this point, why not just send troops out to weld that adhoc?  The beams are set with two bolts. so its just welding left to do?
So.. why the 30th floor? Is there an easy to understand reason it’s not like the 15th?
what an insult to replace that old church
Why were 1/4ing winds not a consideration in the original calcs? I mean, it's wind it blows everywhere when it can.
that is insaneeee that the building is still standing what????
Why didnt they just build around the central pillar not on top of it though
Here's a scary thought: what if LeMessurier had been killed in a car crash the week before he made that horrific discovery?
How does a team change the designs without notifying the lead engineer? This shows a disasterous management in that team. If welded,  there wouldn't be a problem  Also why isn't there a body of engineers association that checks the safety of designs and gives the approval for it to be built? My country has it and no building starts construction without approval.
I thought an intern discovered the error?
This is certainly one of the often-told stories on YouTube but I still enjoyed watching it. As for the ethics… all good, apart from the fact that _they only changed the building code in 1995 after the article popped???_ ….given the booming construction of skyscrapers in the meantime, this does not strike me as a very responsible behaviour?
Is this a re-upload? I swear I've seen a video talking about this exact issue with the bolts 6 or 7 years ago.
what a scam for them to totally remove that beautiful work of art of a church and replace it with a concrete box I am so sick of how many people put hard work into removing beauty & replacing it with cultural vacancy.
Let’s put a skyscraper on stilts. What could go wrong?
why don't they just add more legs to that building?
I don't understand how the pastor wanted to preserve the chuch, but had the original structure replaced with an unimpressive one. What was the point?
28:28 What do you mean, "over 6.8 magnitude"? The interesting question is the maximum rating. Taiwan sits on a techtonic boundary and is volcanically active. There was a 7.3 quake in 1999, and 7.4 in 2024. The only rating claim I found is that it can withstand "the strongest earthquakes in a 2,500-year cycle". That's probably a lot, but how much is it?
Can somebody build legs on those corners now? It still looks unstable even if on paper its fine.
Would it have been that hard to get permission for a quick drone shot of the building instead of using that awful old footage?
so it's a common sense issue, as usual?
Is it force or air pressure?
Would that man had come out today and taken responsibility? The buck does not seem to stop anywhere these days. People are much better at dodging responsibility and blaming anyone else nearby. I'm not whining... I've been thinking about this a lot as times and people change. Celebrities and politicians have been sending the message of deny everything and double down. Do you think he'd have warned people at the risk of his professional and financial future in 2025 if he could have avoided it?
Sooooo ...they quietly worked on this one, without the staff noticing you say???
if you imagine a chair with its feet in the middle of the sides, aren't diagonal forces the first thing you account for?
Is this a re-upload?  Definitely heard this story before.  Maybe it's just regurgitating other videos, not sure
Why was it allowed? It all started in a pencil factory back in 1913
What is crazy is the switch from welds to bolts wasn’t approved by the boss.
Thats funny, I thought it was a university that told him the building was flawed?
Sounds like engineers will be the first to be replaced with AI , its a 5 sec problem . Also i will never trust an engineer after hearing `lets not panic the 0ffice workers ` is that not an offence ?
>the only man who knew this? wasn't it some kid that found out the flaw?
Cool story…..are we going to ignore how that new church looked like a subway entrance?
"It needs 4 bolts so we'll use 4 bolts"... pardon? Code is the floor, not the ceiling. Always go above code-minimum and *always build with redundancy*. If you're building an elevator and you calculate it can theoretically pull 2000kg (in addition to its own weight) then that's all well and good, but you don't print "max load 2000kg" on the plaque, you might print "max load 800kg" or "max load 1200kg" on it but never ever would you print "max load 2000kg".   What kind of absolute cowboy built this structure?
"Hey so we're going to build this new and complex structure with advanced technology to prevent wind from swaying the building so much that it collapses, but we're not going to test what might happen if the wind blows at the corners." Are engineers really this stupid and disconnected from reality or am I missing a key element to this story?
Why build a building that can not withstand
Do high-rise buildings' safety get reassessed for the projected increase in storm strength due to the worsening climate, I wonder? Category 4 & 5 storms can have winds exceeding 200km/h
I hate to think it but I don’t see this building holding up to much if a plane flys into it. I wonder also if this building is a target after videos like this showing its weakness?
I guess New York has a problem with cutting corners or otherwise missing serious details in their construction. The MetLife building had to have emergency work done on it before Hurricane Sandy hit lest it would suffer from the same problem as this building.  Also, to go into the speculative domain the phrase "jet fuel doesn't burn hot enough to melt steel beams" is only relevant if steel beans were used. To follow up would you suppose someone would cut corners to potentially save hundreds of millions of dollars if they thought they could get away with it?
They destroyed that beautiful gothic church to build the most ugly thing ever in replacement???????
Had the structure been welded as originally specified, would the design been adequate?
This is like a @B1M video without the British narration. Maybe a collaboration next?
When talking about a US topic, it'd be nice to get US measurements even if just as a sidenote. 110km/h has no reference to know if that's fast or very fast for those that don't use metric daily.
why not just make a safe building. there's a reason why it had never been done before.
Can you stop sending Veritasium producers to things? These videos are always the ones that end up with lower quality content.
Was this building featured in GTA? Feel like ive seen it before haha
Didn't a student discover this error?
What they ruin the church original 😢
They replaced a beautify gothic church with a hyper modern blob. It literally looks like a utilities warehouse for like ventilation or sewage. It's a church though?
Is this the same video as the one about the student that corrected the plans? It seems like more than a re-upload, but less than a new story?
Bro why would they not just do the original designs or at least not run it through with LeMes before implementing them????
Can you do a video on WTC Building #7?
Has old and cool goth church Decides to build some awful brutalist church  Why? Not even religious, but why?
How engineering and companies tried to scam in Manhattan is most correct title af😂
Instead of putting the supports in the center of the walls on each side, why not just rotate the building 45 degrees so the supports would be at the corners?
Will you do a video on the big keto diet cover up scandal going on? There was a study that they did.. its a whole big scandal
So when are we gonna start to use buildings to create/store energy ?
Couldn't you have removed office's for wind tunnels, or x brace the mid section, on the ceiling of some floors?
So hold on. The guy in charge gets to throw everyone under the bus for a choice to bolt the braces instead of welding them. After which he says he saved the day? Why does that stink?
why didnt they stick a bunch of triangles together
İ didn't get why LeMessurier took the blame for himself he sad weld them but they bolted it?
21:46 don't these skyscrapers always fall perfectly vertical to the ground?
What money buys.  Judges, inspectors, DA's, police, zoning boards, planning boards, .... really anyone.  Including your kids.....  Amoral
Can withstand earthquake Magnitudes  of 6.8?  Is that all?   What a joke.  Only 5 million dollars.  Will I ever get near this building or any other?   Nope.
Why is everyone so focused on the LeMeasure’s mistake? Sure, he messed up (by not realizing that he needed to check something that everyone thought wouldn’t mattet), but from the way you told the story, it sounds like even with his mistake, there wouldn’t have been a problem if they had built the building that he approved, rather than modifying the design and not checking with him on the changes.
How many times are you going to change the video title?
What an idiot the one should be to swap welds for bolts and dont tell the engeneer
How can the Gothic church not been to under protection??? How can you make that marvel away and out there the most ugly church ever
Why was this allowed???. Uhmm because... that the obviously reality of theory to practice( fails or success) to knowledge/ wisdom. Cause uhmmm. Engineering is a progressive art/ math... and EVERY new design for millennia... is a risk.  And cause you don't ask politians about math/ science... ( except for like.. during a pandemic  where everyone forgets the easy grade 9 math  of investment returns  or epidemiology  etc)... and instead of asking a grade 9 or 10 math teacher to explain the EASY math..  people asked politicians... DAMN.. Where was I?  Oh yeah..   " Why?.).. uhm cause fox puppies don't ask mom WHY the den is built that way.. CHICKS don't ask mom or dad bird WHY the nest was weaved that way. It's the biological imperative to push all limits.  My point is.. Pointless.   " why was this allowed?".. Leonardo DaVinci wants to punch you in the head.
How quickly a quarter saved can turn into a dollar wasted 😬
Engineer: Hey do this Engineer's firm: But what if we dont?
What a story ❤. Wish we were all taught these in school.  More kids would love Maths if they knew it saves lives!
What a stupid design. _"Let's build a skyscraper, supported like a lollipop on a stick!"_  {:o:O:}
why on earth the construction firm would go contrary to the plan to save money on an already money-saving design? Are they stupid?
OK but...why did they cut out the OTHER THREE CORNERS?!?!?!?!?!?
I remember seeing a few recent reels on the same. Now atleast two big youtube channels have made full length videos on this. Is citicorp sponsoring this?
what a downgrade of a church lol
Has anyone done a fatigue analysis?  The Citicorp building design is not dissimilar to the design of ships.   When the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System loaded its first tanker in 1977.  Depending on specific designs, fatigue cracks started to appear within a few years.  Over time, more cracks appeared, some in critical areas.  In 1991, the USCG issued a requirement that tankers involved in the TAPS trade develop a critical areas inspection plan.  The plan required identification of critical areas, usually done using finite element analysis, annual inspections of the critical areas, development of approved repairs, and record keeping of cracks and repairs made.  Rules for the design and construction of tankers evolved from the cracks found in tankers in the TAPS trade.  As a side note, the TAPS trade is unique in that it is primarily from Valdez to the US West Coast (Long Beach, San Francisco Bay, and Puget Sound), large number of annual trips, and significant weather.  Steel subjected to cyclical loading, from say varying winds, can result in fatigue cracking.   High stress areas should be visually inspected.  If necessary, non-destructive testing should be included.
Structural engineers when F=ma isn’t 0. A comment made by a Mech E student who just finished intro to system dynamics. Pretty cool video, am I right?
What an amazing video. Makes me think about the projects I did as a graduate student where I was only able to consider static loading (automotive engineering, Clemson). If someone was to create my part, I designed they could fail. That is a crazy responsibility to have.
HOW IRONIC  IT IS THAT HIS NAME IS LEMESSURIER. BTW, WHERE IS THE  CORD FROM THE PHONE RECIEVER TO THE PHONE BOX IN THE ANIMATIONS?
why didn't he explain why the beam on the 30th floor was the weakest??? Just circled a beam and did some tension calculations, doesn't actually explain anything
Is this supposed to be a feel good story ? The guy hid his mistake from the public and clenched his ass looking at a hurricane when evacuation could have solved the problem in 2-3 weeks instead of the 6 it took to do it hiding. When so many people are at risk you don’t get to hide it either from your firm nor the people working in the freaking building. This is not a triumph over capitalism when the original mistake was done to save a few bucks and the risk of taking on the hurricane was taken to avoid affecting the bottom line. Honestly sucks ass. Good for him to rat on himself but that’s basic decency not a hero like action.
What a hilarious story of how capitalism fails spectacularly when it is completely captured by short term profits. I guarantee you it cost the company way more to fix this oversight than they saved by choosing to not stick to the original vision. And of course total tragedy was completely avoided thanks to the passion and diligence of someone completely and totally unrelated to the profits that were generated. What a fantastic joke.
How is it the engineer's fault if the constructors switched to bolts instead of welds? Everyone talking about his responsibility, but his calculations were right and if welded it would've worked fine, so why blame him?
I wonder where Veritasium headquarters is
WHAT AN INTELLIGENT STATEMENT FROM A TRUE DINGA LING. AT 14 :40 HE SAYS 1.4 BY ITSELF  IS NOT ENOUGH TO REEK HAVOK. MR INTELLIGENCE THEN SAYS IT MAY BE OR IT MAY NOT BE. WHEN BUILDING SKYSCRAPERS DO YOU  BUILD THEM BY SAYING WHAT IF IT IS ? OR WHAT IF IT ISN'T ?  HOW CRAZY IS THAT. I'M NO ENGINEER BUT I WOULD HAVE SAID THE CHURCH CAN JUST BE BUILT SOME PLACE ELSE.
I spent considerable time in that building when I arrived in NYC in 1978 and even attended the church  ⛪️ once. Do you know how steep it is to walk to the subway station in that stop?
Do I have deja vu or have I seen this already?
Fair warning, I'm just under a minute into this video, but hear me out. Do you think they could have thought about wind _before_ making a building that looks like it could fall over?
The framing of this video and some people's takes in the comments are WILD. This man did not take responsibility for his actions, he covered his own ass. They kept it a secret for almost 2 decades! They changed the building codes only after the story came to light, they could have made the building codes safer so much sooner had they notified the public about the problem. If the reason they didn't notify the public was to not cause a panic, then why did they still keep it secret after the problem was solved?
Isn't that pendulum the same thing the Japanese have used for centuries?
Why did he not just cut out the part needed for the church and let the remaining be as-is, why did he have to go with stilts in the first place?
why didn't they just build it somewhere else
Honestly, this entire story is negligence after negligence, and the fact that nobody faced any repercussions is honestly shameful, don't see why we're treating anything he did as courageous, brave, or more than the bare minimum, and quite possibly put lives at risk, so he wouldn't jeopardize himself. Also, man, that new church is UGLY, it's a bland boring cube, how is that supposed to show glory to God?
Are we supposed to think LeMessurier is some sort of hero ? When he was originally told his company had used bolts not welds are you seriously telling me (given the weld method was central to the design) that he didn't question how many bolts they had used in lieu of his original design ? It seems like only when people started asking questions about HIS design did he realise he couldn't bury his "ignorance" any longer. On top of that he and others hid the fact that they were deliberately risking peoples' lives. Should have been jail terms for everyone involved for that alone. And then he thinks it was lucky that there was a "press strike" so that his mistake was hidden further. I'm totally disgusted by this cover-up and his crowing about it.
Wow they destroyed a Gothic beautiful  piece of architecture and turned it into a Bin?
But, was it really  LeMessurier's mistake?  Didn't a subordinate order the change from welds to bolts, without LeMessurier's permission-- yea, even without his knowledge?
When they started the repairs, they said that the repairs couldn't be finished by hurricane season. Given that the needed repairs are on different floors, and different sides of the building, why couldn't they have quadrupled (or whatever it would have taken) to accomplish the repairs in time?  Couldn't the needed work have proceeded in parallel?
How strange that a bunch of bank managers wanted to tear down that beautiful church
But he wanted it to be welded in the first place? How was it his mistake that he fixed according to anyone?
What a douche engineer. Endangered the public to save a few bucks.
why is everyone milking this story now
Why even mention the women if she wasn't the student...anything to give a women the credit for diversity.
Diane Hartley, an undergraduate architecture student at Princeton University discovered this. Why wasn't she mentioned in the intro? Seriously?
Didn’t a student discover that the building wasn’t safe in high winds and went to the structural engineer?
anyone else notice the thumbnails always change after a few hours?
How many great minds have simply raised children?
Don't they use pendulums in the Taipei 101?
Why suddenly YouTubers are talking about this building? 😂
Why don't they desigh the brace upside down V, so the brace bare puuling force.
Is just me that is thinking this was handled badly?Probably Citycorps decision, but the building should have been closed even under false pretenses and been worked on 24/7, not fix it slowly during the night.
Wait, so your telling me that people snuck into a sky scraper and secretly messed with its structural integrity? And the workers didnt know? Could they have planted explosives in Building 7? Or the North/ South Towers?
14:00 is it quartering wind or cornering wind??
tuned mass dampers are taken from 100s of years old japanese pagodas though right?
How is 100%, near certain? How much more do you need 😂
So basically they let people work inside a building on the verge of collapse without telling them, in order to «avoid them being terrorized» and we are supposed to think that it was not completly both coward and insane ?
is that name means the measurer??? is there any recent star civil engineering that can outshines star architect like him?
Versatium does not tell us, but wasn't it a young woman who discovered the dangerous fault in the buiding's construction?
I can hear Derek's voice, but I cannot see him. WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH DEREK?
Interesting timing for this video👀, almost as if a super similar one on the exact same subject was recently released by a certain high profile engineering channel…I love your content but like…huh?
Can you imagine if anything had happened how hated this guy would be for having kept it a secret and allowed a tragedy to unfold. But instead because he got lucky, people praise him.
As great as this story is, how was it acceptable to jeopardize the people working at or around the building when the repairs were being carried out silently?
He is a hero because he did what was expected and didnt essentially take the criminal path? How low is our bar for heros these days? Im probably a hero then because I dont do crime?
They replaced that beautiful church with that shoe box?
And how does this one connect with the principle of least action?
why was the title changed from "how a student's question saved this skyscraper" to "The Most Dangerous Building in Manhattan"
I swear I just saw a similar video onthis same exact building but from another channel less than a month ago. Veritasium recently seems to be doing this thing a lot. Anybody else notice?
Why would we put people’s safety at risk for a club house for imaginary friends?
How closely is LIGO linked to the tuned mass damper?
Diane Hartley should be mentioned in this story. Didn’t she discover the flaw?
What an absolute shame to nock that beutiful church down only to build something so ugly.
and why didn't they put pipes around the perimeter to create the same phenomenon towards the middle?
What I would have given to see LeMessuriers' lecture on this. Does anyone know if there is the full video anywhere?
- He hadnt done the quartering measurements in the wind tunnel BEFORE the building was built. This is critical. Per se, he is culpable for that oversight. He should have done that anyway!  - His personality shows a degree of hubris and some arrogance. That would contribute to his relationship with those in the team who switched the joins to bolts. If he was personable he would have had a much higher possibility of knowing this before the building began construction through team conversation and straightforward relations.  - If he was overseeing / leading properly he would already have known about the bolts also before construction began - he would have "kept his finger on the pulse". If he was the shot caller on the engineering - and he was - then that was his responsibility.   That said, I dont mind him being preserved here, He humbled himself enough to just be honest. Pity the humility didnt last into his later years?
How was this allowed.  If ever you provided ammunition to anti-science folks, you've outdone yourself with this one. :(  I'm not even sure what this video was about.  Was it about the humility of science?  Or of a guy who decided to do the right thing instead of commit suicide by driving his car into a concrete wall at high speed?  Is it about wow science fails, but then somehow manages to redeem itself by acknowledging its mistakes?  Really confused by this one.  I can't distill the message of this video down to the theme, or message, you were going for.  People make mistakes.  This guy did the right thing.  Some people do that.  Or maybe it's that video is less about the story, and you feeling good about the telling the story, unclear as it was.  I don't get the point you are trying make here.  This story is one of the least egregious examples of such undertakings.  Look at the buildings that collapsed in China, and killed people.
why don't they rotate the buiilding design such that the stilts are the corners
Shouldn't an engineer's ethics include not designing buildings like this? Why create problems that don't need to be created?
Question is - When they get around to making a film about this - who's going to play Le Messurer?
What a perfect cover to keep fleecing the building owners after it's been built. We call this "got me over a barrel, fire up the money cannon due to lack of architectural diligence".  Who would have thought the thin stilts wouldn't be able to keep this building upright on its own in 100MPH winds at just the right angle. Kinda terrifying if you think about it where an entire building is made based upon napkin math. Can't tell if malicious or incompetent or maybe both.
Isn't this the robocop building ? XD
What about finding a way to dampen the wind entering the city, much like was done for break waters …but a system for wind… giant defusers that can retract and deploy when certain wind speeds are reached, strategically placing them throughout the city
How the hell did a full wield became 4 flipping bolts is already a mystery. When the actual calculation demands for multiples of counts. Also, in a building that the method is unconventional with non-typical structural design. The level of negligence is immense.   Also, as someone who works in construction, switching to bolts is obviously a cost cutting measure and there is no excuse spinning around it.  The covering up during and after the repair is also as irresponsible as it gets. It's cheaper to do it this way. The proper way of doing it is to evacuate the affected area and whoever is responsible should be fined for damages.  Banks get away with everything. The whole problem was dealt with at the lowest cost and damages. There is nothing to be praised with the whole thing.
When I was a younger structural engineer, I had similar feelings like my stomach just dropped when I realized my mistake. None of them involved public safety, probably more fearful of getting in trouble with leadership. It's a demoralizing feeling and affected my confidence as an engineer for a long time.
are we already skipping the fact that it was a horrible idea to demolish that beautiful gothic church for what looks like a ugly brutalist cube?
So winds slower than a Baseball can destroy a building huh?
So people can go in and modify buildings without anyone knowing? Didn't everyone tell us that was impossible when people tried to claim 9/11 was an inside job?
How many times is this title gonna change
How many goddamn times are you gonna change the thumbnail and title of this video
What an amazing story one of your best ones yet !!
why couldn’t they just build a smaller building next to the church? Or build it elsewhere?
What a great story. Wow! I feel bad for that church though. Who tf designed that monstrosity?
The newspaper clipping at 10:45 text reads "...making it the eigth tallest in the world"  However at 10:48 the voice over states that the new Citicorp skyscraper is the 11th tallest in the world.  So, which is true?
I thought the one who discovered the diagonal wind load (quartering winds) problem was a student, and NOT LeMessurier as implied in his statements and your omission in your commentary?  Is this a conspiracy theory thing?
This video raises several questions: 1. Why was the transportation of long diagonal beams across NYC deemed logistically impossibile? This sort of task was apparently achieved eight years earlier when the John Hancock Center was constructed in 1969; the diagonal beams were transported to the Chicago construction site using a combination of methods. Initially, crawler cranes were used to erect the steel from the foundation level up to the second floor. Then, to elevate the steel further, four "S2" towers with stiff-leg derricks were employed, supporting the erection from the second floor to the roof. These derricks had a capacity of 50 tons at a 30-foot radius and a maximum radius of 120 feet. The hoist engines for these derricks were located within the towers, which were "jumped" every four floors, allowing for the construction to proceed efficiently. 2.  Why should a tuned structural damper be at the mercy of a power outage? Surely a battery backup system could be installed to tide them over? Besides, according to my source, the Citigroup Center in NYC does NOT have a tuned mass damper, instead it has a tuned system that uses a fluid to dampen vibrations and reduce sway - this requires a very modest amount of electrical power. 3.  Does the wind loading hazard increase or diminish with time? On the one hand predicted climate change will increase the severity of hurricanes in the years to come. On the other hand, as more and more extreemely tall buidlings are erected each decade, shouldn't these act as wind breaks that reduce the wind load on earlier structures?
Is it just me or did he already do a video on this? That or maybe it was practical engineering that did a video on this already.
who the FOK is that guy
Who would have thought... wind might blow it over. HAHA
Was the building on reclaimed land vs bedrock? That is a suggestion in other posts- this building seems to be on trend...
So they destroyed old gothic church and replace it with metal box ....wtf!?
anyone understand all that because of one little church?
Why did you not include Diane Hartley? She was not anonymous, they kept her secret to hide their embarrassment. They didn't even bother updating her on the work, she found out about it in a news article.
Who cares. New York will become Mexico in three years.
Are they concerned at all about viscosity breakdown? (‘90s motor oil ad reference joke. If you know, you know)
Wait, the engineer made the discovery? It wasn't another engineer who pointed out the problem?
you tell me they swapped a gothing church for a juicebox one?
How were they even allowed to replace that church? sacrilege
why why didn't his parents name him Richard?  He'd be Dick Van Dyck
Hmm. A generational thing? Successive generations are increasingly craven and shrink from responsibility and ethical behavior?
AND....what MINEFIELD is still sitting out there that people have NOT come forward about? Or for which the mistakes were never found?
How many buildings out there have problems like this that were never addressed?
how was it allowed that Veritasium rubber-stamped full self driving? on a platform that almost kills as many people as covid every year?
How many people do you know are willing to admit their mistakes.   Take responsibility and resolve the problem.    I'm thinking not many.
What an amazing example of putting aside your ego. It takes a tremendous amount of courage to do what's right, even when it could destroy you personally.
why is the deal with this building lately? is the 4th video I see about it.
Is this a reupload or am I going crazy? Feel like I watched a video on this recently
Why didn’t they just rotate the building 90°
What an absolute injustice they ripped down that beautiful old church and replaced it with some horrid brutalist monstrosity!
When you watch a movie and people do a bunch of stupid things and you think 'come on,nobody's that stupid',then you remember that a series of errors causes a lot of catastrophes.
Doesnt Taiwan's Taipei101 have that TMD system?
Would modern software have prevented the error in not factoring the quartering winds?
How can you build a skyscraper without measuring stress from wind at multiple angles?
As an engineer I just have to question, why make it harder than the architect envisioned?
I wonder what would happen if he didn't learn about the bolt substitution.
What an incredible story! Sending this video to my granddaughter who is an engineering student at Tuft's University.
It’s incomprehensible to me that the incredibly complex wind speeds and directions of a hurricane compounded by the dynamics of the complicated urban landscape around this building were apparently never seriously considered. Hurricane wind directions shift as the entire storm moves; by 180 degrees if the eye passes over a particular location, and on either side of the eye they’re strongest. And hurricanes have hit New York City! Yet nobody ever thought the wind could push directly against the corners of this tower??
So recently I started buying $XAI318K during its presale. I am up $23K should I sell now or hold??
and is it full of people or empty nowadays?
Who would have thought, religious ego would cause thousands to risk their lives.
What do you think happened the moment he knew ?? Idk but im about to have an anxiety attack just watching!
Im up 105% on my $XAI318K. Only wish I had was grabbing more right now. When will this coin go mainstream?
What a great story.  Thanks for the video!
Confused by one part. If they did the welds as originally planned instead of the bolts, everything would have been ok?
When you left out the name of the student near the beginning, my alarms started going off. As I watched the video on one side, I'm researching on the other and confirming my recollection: Diane Hartley.  I begin writing a reply calling down the orbiting avenging angels over the omission.  Then, all the way at the end, you covered the student.  </little dog growling noises>
Why destroy the church. It was nice.   Man the US is obsessed with killing everything nice and replacing it with ugly garbage.
I watched a documentary on the World Trade Center. They were supposed to be tested for the "500 Year Hurricane 🌀" or "500 Year Earthquake 🫨".  It was mentioned that the "500 Year Airplane ✈️" was not thought of.  So no one considered these factors?
Isn't this the plot of that episode from Numbers ?
I'm at the Dampers part right now, I had just a random thought: Could it not be possible to use this system to harness and convert the motions into energy?
No mention of Diane Hartley or Lee DeCarolis until 30 minutes into a 35 minute video?
You guys changed the title of this video like 3 times now?
why are we still bending over backward for churches
i mean   not telling people was incredibly irresponsible no matter how you slice it   'we didn't want people to be scared'   sure; and if the building had collapsed, i'm sure those people would much prefer to have been scared than dead   it's also an incredibly arrogant attitude. like, i wonder how lemessurier or his employers at citicorp would feel if they discovered if they had been driving around super unsafe cars and the manufacturers just secretly fixed those cars while the men slept. would they appreciate not being panicked or would they be upset at the deception and the jeopardy they had been put in and then left in with no warning?
Why don't they just rotate the tower 45 degrees? Then the stilts would be at the corner.
Why would they remove that beautiful church?... So much history
Did Pharao requested any wind study ?
"Father of the tuned mass damper??" Not so fast there mister. Perhaps in modern buildings, but Japanese temples from hundreds of years ago were made with such designs, without requiring electricity to operate. Where was he when the decision to change his design from welding to bolts in the first place? Did he not do any visual inspection of his building as it was being built? Or was that below his station?
how many of you checked your phone at 23:00 during that ad-read? like how many of you have that same ringtone? lol
what is the students name jesus christ it wasnt his mans accomplisment it was the students. I dont wanna hear about some dramatic bs about this engineer who got it wrong, WHAT ABOUT THE STUDENT
Why didn't they just rotate the building a quarter turn and then all the corners would be on a stilt? The whole design seems unnecessarily complicated because of the insurance for it to be squared with the city block.
are you out of topics??  this is OLD NEWS THAT HAS BEEN COVERED BY HALF THE ENGINEERING THE CHANNELS
i heard about it before, i saw a short made about the same building just yesterday is there any reason this story got so popular everyone has to make a video about it?
@21:50 , so basically all of the officials in New York kept it a secret , and just let people risk there lives completely unknowingly. I wonder if anything has changed, or are people still living in buildings just waiting to collapse?
Has anyone tried to make electricity off one of those systems?
How on earth did his firm move ahead with bolts replacing welds without consulting him first? Is report-contact-consult not a thing in the US?
The newspaper clipping at 10:45 text reads "...making it the eigth tallest in the world."  However at 10:48 the voice over states that the new Citicorp skyscraper is the 11th tallest in the world.  So which is true?
I’d like to know more about the emergency response plan. If the hurricane did hit New York, would shattering every window sufficiently reduce the wind load because it could just blow straight through the building?
How did this building ever get built. This is so dumb haha
the fact that church had to be uncovered was only pastor idea or it was dictated by something else?
how many different versions of titles and thumbnails do exist for this video? i saw like 4
So, if they welded it, like the initial plan stated and not cheap out with bolts, it would have worked?
Was this his mistake?  He didn’t even know they had not welded the trusses together.
What wasn't explained was why the Tuned Mass Damper required electrical power to function. The theoretical explanation implied they are passive devices.
Why are architects afraid of making beautiful buildings?
Why was this man never given the Presidential Medal of Freedom??
Save money for what? If you have money to build a skyscraper, why does money become an issue?
I wonder why they didn't do finite element analysis
When the dude said "wreck" havoc, I felt sorry for any of his students.
Why does it appear that the tower in your 3d models is leaning the whole time?
Un answered:    Would the original welds as originally specified (not the patch plates) have held the quartering wind loads?
What would Trump have done?   I think we all know the answer...
have any of those welds been properly inspected? Were the bandaids "all" properly located and applied w no "adjustments? Out of sight, out of mind comes to mind.      I tested soil compaction on backfilling freeway structures and proper soil design and lift thickness is critical. Contractors hated when I'd dig down a foot and test not just the soil density but the essential lift thickness as well.  Project Pandora indeed. No wonder none of the responsible firms would talk to you 21:10
How many times are you changing the title and thumbnail 😭
Why not just rotate the building 45° making the pillars in the corners again? Like really, how dumb can you be
How one students question saved this building
Very cool documentary!! Can you the same analysis for the twin towers??
hold up, so kept a potentially catastrophic structural issue a secret from everyone, including unwitting tenants for YEARS, and somehow this is a case of good ethics?
how many times do you want to change the title and the thumbnail? ''yes"
Does anyone know what that tall building is on the left going off of the screen? (26:09)
Who knew that god would cause an issue
This is wild. This is the cutting edge. Wow. Was at the time. Wow. Would welds have been sufficient? They saved a quarter million….. they shouldn’t have fussed over the pennies, a building this size, what’s a quarter of a million?
was the title changed for this video?
I wish someone rendered a simulation of how the building would actually collapse. Would it actually topple to the side? Or would it just crumble down once the chevrons snap?
Wasn't that problem discovered by a woman?
What gets swept under the rug here is that  LeMessurier's original design was fine.  Someone signed off on using bolts to save a little money.  Thousands of people could have died and billions of dollars of damage done to squeeze a fraction of  a percent more profit out of the project.
So instead of removing the corner pillars, why not use dampeners?
Why does the thumbnail keep changing? I've seen 3 different ones so far..
Wait.. did I hear correctly… Citicorp paid for the multimillion dollar engineering fail?
Will you ever dare to make something on the collapse of the towers (9 / 11)  ?. 👺🐍👹💖👌
How TF could they demolish a Gothic church to build such modernist trash???
What the hell is a kilometer? Why are you so stupidly rude that you making money off of videos in the United States yet you just refused to use our imperial system, you’re just an idiot.
How would any pastor ever agree to replace a gothic church (crumbling or not) with THAT?
well you guys sure like to change the thumbnails alot... is this the third one already?
The previous title and thumbnail were fine, what's going on with you guys?
I believe the student who brought up the issue was a woman, not a man. Diane Hartley. Correct?
3:04  whats the music at this part?
Why did Building 7 collapse 9/11?  Come on Vertasium, what's wrong? Scared?
Wait are you implying that toothpick are not a suitable material For buildings feet ?
I know nothing about engineering, but shouldn't it be obvious that it would be necessary to calculate the pressure when forcing the corners considering the shape of the building? If the posts are in the middle it should be much easier to tip at the corners so shouldn't those calculations be prioritized?
So not only did they keep this from the public while it was an active danger, they then hid the truth for 20 years more so other architects would continue to make the same erroneous calculations‽   How the hell was this turd praised?
Why all of this for a not good looking church??
“Old crumbling gothic church” 🙄  You mean an absolutely gorgeous gothic church????
Very well done , thought provoking and timely.  I wish I spoke metric but I don't, I know text is expensive, but can't you consider all of your audience?
If it can withstand a 1-in-1000 years storm now, that's equivalent to saying it'll be blown over in a storm that occurs about once per 1,000 years statistically. That means that there's a ~10% chance (to be exact 1-1/exp(100/1000)=9.52%) that it'll be blown over in the next 100 years. So a 9.5% chance for a 9/11-like super disaster in the next 100 years that would be completely foreseeable and preventable. That doesn't sound very acceptable does it?
Haven't the Japanese been using giant logs and mass dampers in their tall temples?
Are you really not questioning this ridiculous narrative? We couldn't tell anybody, because it would cause a panic... Seriously!? This is not some heroic act, it's gross negligence and in another timeline thousands of people working in this tower could have died because an engineer did not want to ruin his career and a big corporation did not want to lose money. This building should have been evacuated until the repairs were done. Additionally, an investigation should have been launched whether the cost cutting measure of replacing welds by bolts was criminal negligence. Also, does anybody really believe the structural engineer did not know about this significant change? It's really messed up that anybody would use this as a good example for engineering ethics...
I wonder how much Citycorp paid you for this video?
1:05 Is this green dot aviation?
Will you please please please include MPH especially when talking about stuff happening in the USA? Its getting annoying to not be able to tell what wind speeds and such are just because you want to be proper. Please.
Would it be possible to use those TMD's to generate electricity from the building's sway? Would it produce enough energy to be worth the effort?
When they knew of the cyclone why didn't disrupt the tenants and weld as fast as possible?
So they tore down a beautiful historic landmark so they could build a shitty little cube?
I wonder how many people actually think the linemen working on the power lines were installing phone lines? LoL!
Maybe somebody has better insight than I do, but why didn't they just hire more welders/contractors and get it done quicker? Bring them in from other states if you need to, right?
What they did to that church is a crime against humanity
I don't understand why it kept being repeated that LeMessurier stood up and 'owned his mistake' when he seemingly didn't make any? He specced the building with welded beams and someone else changed it, how was that his fault?
I thought it was an engineering student who didn't understand how the design worked who brought it to the architects attention by asking the question "WTF" then he realized the mistake he had made?
Why couldn't you film inside the building?  Because there is something hidden.
31:40 If a company does not want to be associated with mistakes, they are clearly lying to themselves because hiding from the truth is the gravest mistake of all in science. Perhaps they should become lawyers or marketers?
Why was Diane Hearttly not mentioned in who helped him discover this?
How much money they give him ? -)
So if they welded the bracers instead of bolting them as originally planned, there would be no problem at all?
Why does the thumbnail look like Colin Farrell’s character in Horrible Bosses?
Why do you have lip gloss?
Does the recent china building collapse in Bangkok gave the idea for this video?
So what's lurking that we don't know about?
Did i miss something? it wasnt really his mistake, no?
He should have gone to jail. He lied and lied putting lives of thousands at risk due to his negligence. Why is he praised again?
That’s how we got 9/11?
Why do you use the arrows for tension and compression in such a weird way? They should point inwards for compression.
Lauding someone for not being an evil monster is knida weird. MIO  But.... Humans.. whtacha gunna do right?
So its not even his fault? It's because the company wanted to save money and no one told him??
You know something?  This whole incident would make a great alternate history story.  What if Bill LeMessurier did nothing about the Citicorp Building?
did the video's title change?
what a travesty destroying that old church. Not to mention this is a great insight into huge corporations and how they withhold information from the public despite peoples lives being in grave danger
How the f*** did they spend that kind of money building a skyscraper only to find that the architect discovers a fatal weakness in it afterwards!  That’s just about the scariest story. I’ve heard since Trump got elected.
Aren't they supposed to use wide safety margins in civil engineering ?
Don't you have to prove that you have been exhaustive in your testing when submitting that kind of calculation for review ?
Shouldn't there be something in the validation process that mathematically proves that the model that was used leaves no unaccounted for edge cases ?
They did the wind tunnel experiment and learned that the building experiences more force than they initially calculated due to swaying motion. So, is it not customary in structural engineering to do a practical experiment before building a novel experimental skyscraper in the middle of a city? I don't understand the tone. He overlooked several issues, but then fixed them, so now he's considered a pillar of ethics? 1/16 chance of killing 1000s of people. Sure, the welded design would have avoided a lot of these problems, but it looks like he wasn't thinking about quartering winds or the effect of swaying to begin with, so even if they had used the welded beams, that design would have only worked out by sheer luck, no?
Could the church not have been flexable and just taken the entire ground floor of a regular designed building? 🙃
27:09 does anyone else feel like a 1 in 1000 storm could happen with climate change charged storms?
WHAT A GREAT VIDEO! THANK YOU THANK YOU!
i wonder how would they reinforce the structure if the braces were welded as was originally planned, or would they've been strong enough already?
Who would’ve know that the upside down pyramid was unstable?  Crazy how it fell down despite being so cool and avant-garde
What do you mean "allowed"? As a libertarian I don't understand the argument. Do you have a God or parent that tells you what and what you cannot do? Alas, it was a very dumb idea. But "allowed". Who is the God who should decide what is allowed and not?
Is $XAI318K available to buy in UK??
What about that church though? Not a fan.
I'm more concerned abou the fact that the lead engineer was not told about the weld/bolt swap... Who made that decision then, how was this ok?
Its his bastard son who is designing Starship V2?
Why is this the 2nd time today i get a short telling me about the structural issues with this building 🧐
When i clicked on this i thought it was a B1M video. Imagine my surprise when that voice came up.
We going to ignore that a team of engineers and welders were able to covertly make structural modifications to a New York building in the dark of the night and go unnoticed... 9/11 anybody?
Why did it just occur to me that veritasium “replaced” Vsauce. Yes I know Vsauce is still around buts it’s behind a pay wall/ he hardly ever post publicly — tbh I’ve never paid for his stuff so I truly don’t know what he does…   But essentially veritasium is the less abstract version of vsauce that’s available to anyone he avg YouTuber.
Not watched the vid yet,but Did Silverman just take an insurance policy out on it ?
Still no word on the fascist push againt science ?  Do you even plan to stand up for science ? or are you fine with the fascist defining what it will become ?
Derek, am I getting déjà vu? Didn't you upload a video on this building and exactly this issue before?
10:49 In 1977 wasn't the Willis Tower still the Sears Tower?
Why he would be feeling guilty, when they changed during construction, building major structure and architect even did not know about that?
I thought I’ve seen a an engineer girl who caught this error or I’m I mistaken?
i noticed that the uprated Citicorp building could now deal with a 1 in 1000 year wind. But the warming of the oceans is producing  stronger and more frequent winds. What is the current risk level and what is the future projection?
110 kph? What is that in freedom units?
14:14 where does this equation come from?
I wonder how often emergencies like this are dealt with everyday?  The lives saved everyday that we don't even know about.
Whats with all the YouTube shorts in the past few weeks while you were putting the video together on exactly this same subject? Like...this makes me wanna watch your video so much less because i already know a chunk of it, knowing ill likely always be missing the mathematics behind it due to algorithms jading me into submission?
A better title would be: How Did It Even Stand in the First Place?
Was DIANE HARTLEY the anonymous student?
Anyone else watched Urbanist video on this same topic earlier this week?
Not informing the public immediately upon learning of the structural design deficiency is irresponsible and morally reprehensible.  Who would not want to know if they were working in or around a skyscraper that was significantly more suspectable to the sheer forces of wind than was previously thought?
So what u are telling us is the skyscrapers built in NY, TEXAS... etc basically everything in the hurricane zone were engineered on numbers that did not account for climate change...  So my question is, has any structural engineer run the numbers with the new reality that we face?
When I initially heard of this I assumed it was built that way to protect an actual church not whatever that thing is.
isn't it obvious perpendicular winds would do more harm than sidewinds on such a stucture..?
NIST has any credibility after their Building 7 lies?
When I went to engineering school in the early eighties it was easy to observe that the professors would try to "Weed Out" the weak students.   years later when I was in grad school and friendly with the professors I asked them: "Why did you make it so hard for some students".  The answer: "Bridges fall down and we are not going to graduate someone that would let a bridge fall down".
Why can't they just spill it. I hate that things are "lost to time" even now.
This story raised a question for me. If the original design had been followed, i.e. the diagonal supports were welded and not bolted together, would it have had these same issues?
What a cheap video this is Derrick. Everyone knows about this already, there’s way better videos on this and you didn’t even tell the full story. This garbage content for upload sake in a way I never expected from the likes of you. Delete this and go make us a real video please.
So instead of immediately evacuating the building to fix the issue as quickly as possible they decided to fix it in secret and risk thousands of lives?
Can they not generate electric from these massive swinging wieghts?
Isn't there a Numb3rs episode based on this incident?
Which of the two decided the thing would be dull, ugly, and as mechanical  and interesting looking as a refrigerator?   The man is asked at 4:24, "Can you tell me how big of a new idea this is?" he answers completely obtusely, "It's completely unique." Not only can't these guys design, they can't listen to a question and respond with an answer that relates to the question asked. Nod to this idiot narrator for not insisting " I DID NOT ASK IF IT'S UNIQUE BUT HOW BIG OF A NEW IDEA IS THIS??
Didn't some female up and coming architecture student made the discovery and then let the main dude now that this is going to fail under winds?
Why didn’t citycorp just let the welders work during the day too?!?! Just give the office workers the month off!!!!!!!
Wasn't this discovered by a female architectural student?
How would this affect LeMeasure's legacy?
1:36  This is an _improvement_ ?
Thanks for deleting my comment Veritasium, censorship for the win hey, right?
When I first saw the thumbnail i thought it was a Fern video.
It seems like I am receiving similar content on YouTube prior to release of a Veritasium video. Like yesterday I saw two shorts about this building.  I wonder if the YouTube algorithm take uploaded but not published videos on account when pushing content?
Why _did_ they decide to put it on stilts instead of just removing the bottom corner where the church was?
Are we seeing more and more of the Veritasium producers till they eventually take over from Derek?
But how will this affect lebron's legacy?
isnt that building the one in which the entirety of the show "Suits" supposedly  takes place in ?
Why couldn’t Derek go to the building in New York instead of just doing the voiceover?
when veritasium posts, you know its gonna be a good day.
How can there already be 223 views if only ONE minute has just passed?!
Is this the building flaw found by a student?
I think a video on how convenience in measurements could be dangerous. Ex speed limits baking, timing. How has our conveniency disadvantaged us is the trade off worth it?
