Hey Tech Bros, let me ask two questions, first have you heard of Newton's Law of Motion and second have you watched the movie Unstoppable?
I'd expect this shit in America, but WTF?
Why can't they just cut off one half, to make it to be able to connect to other sections, and carry more?
Why don't any companies try and innovate the infrastructure itself not the devices using the infrastructure. Then we weould really all have better transport
Who else is doing "whoosh!" sounds in their head when the pod is coming into the station? ;)
what is the melody on 7:05?
Adam, idk if you’ve covered this, but what about automated train with a remote operator? A train that’s mostly automated with a supervisor, someone who could be in charge of up to 3 or 5 locomotives. Would that be feasible at all in your opinion?
What is up with tech bros and pods?
when i heard you say they want to put these pods on existing tracks and run them ad ludicrous speeds my immediate thought was “ok but when you hit a curve you’re immediately going to kill 20 families of 7”
7:31 how are German trains less punctual than Ireland???
3:57 Did I just hear a song from the Neverhood OST?
7:32 Why is the chart in French AND English 😅?
When you are dissing American rail you are vastly underestimated the scale of America. If you want to actually compare them you would have to take all of the European service stations and put them at minimum twice as far apart
Won't the giant magnets mess up freight?
I wonder how much it would cost to electrify all US rail, and create or adopt a signaling standard like ERTMS.
13:26 "...bubbles would start swaying wildly."   What!?
"so they can go real fast and move independently" soooo...redstone rails?
why cant we have driverless trains? in one sentence u say the are basicaly autonom, and then u say these systems have to be supervised?
Adam why you never mention about train in East Asia?
Hey, we dont like to crash our trains...  it somehow happen... and... we do have 76% punctual trains? where?
How do Maglev systems that currently exist prevent theft of copper? Because the same thing about "Your Maglev train turns into a Projectile" holds true at 250 kph (155 mph), same as it does at 550 kph (342 mph) if there's no copper there—it may be a slower projectile, but it's still a projectile. Is it buried deeper? Do they police it better because it's a Maglev line? Are there other ways of stopping the theft of copper? And can we do that for a more economical, if slower, version of the same basic idea—with, as you said, multiple cars attached going right under 250 kph?  That way we can use existing higher-speed rail for Maglev at safe speeds, as we slowly build out rail for true high-speed (above 250 kph). I'm assuming that it's not just "futuristic, bro!" that Maglev has advantages over current higher-speed rail—like less wear and tear on rolling stock and track, and possibly energy savings as well?
At least they almost made a train?
Brits: you guys have high speed trains? Also Brits: your trains are mostly on time?
New subscriber here and love watching you destroy the absurd 'ideas' of stupid people who think money = smartest lil boy in town 🤣 Also, any relation to Trevor Something?
In one word, what is the biggest problem with American rail networks?
Here is the reason autonomous train will not happen. Who will be charged in case of the disaster caused by AI?
Ok, there is just so many hungarian refference in this video. Like an unreal amount. What is going on?
How to ruin trains in a nutshell
Why must we be subjected to these dorks who wish to simply ignore all the engineering that happened before they were born & try to re-invent everything! Anything good is built on what came before. I wonder if it's a turn or the century thing?
0:23 Poland mention i guess ?
If the Netherlands and Belgium are 93% punctual, do the German trains even arrive at all??
so.. yet another group of people thinking they need to reinvent the wheel?
(5:23) It's so strange hearing unrelated copyrighted music in videos. Using Nintendo's music when talking about Nintendo; it's illegal, but it's okay. Using Nintendo's music when talking about a POlish company inventing pods for trains across Europe? What?
What techbros say: "We revolutionized this technology!" What techbros mean: "We created a shittier version of an already existing technology and we're desperately trying to replace it so we're the only ones to profit from it."
What they don't get is: It doesn't need to become faster. It hast to become more comfortable, cheaper and more reliable. You can improve the speed by the extension of the rail way line. But faster trains are basically useless.
When will Ekster come out with a sleek, stylish pouch to put our coke in? laybe we can attach it to the moneyclip which we can attach to the cardholder aaaaand I have a wallet again.
Are these tech bros feeling humiliated already or what? Their own lack of basic understanding is astounding!
Does anyone know the name of the song at 7:03? I really like it but can't remember
What's a hyperloop?   Also, why not make different tracks for industry and civilian?   Did I just hear AoE music?
something something monkeys typewriter hamlet, Techbros macbooks trains. you get what i mean?
But Adam, what if  those 20 people were oligarchs with 200 billion to burn for the lulz?
Do you think the creator of the train ever thought about how goddamn long lasting his ideas actually would be after he scribbled out his initial ideas for an on rails vehicle? It's honestly like nature with insects- the overall design might change, but the legacy features are basically all the same and haven't changed in a long, long, really long time. Hell, if our species manages to survive further into the future, I can bet you trains with some form of rail and connected cars are still going to be a thing.
Was that a freighter from the game Starsector im seeing?
Did someone say crack in my infrastructure video?? Love it
why not just force train people to be train drivers. Most people probably work mc donalds. There's no reason to believe they would do worst if you make it easy and you spread out that work load + you get punished or fired for not doing what you are intended to.
How loud would this thing be?  Also the shock wave would be destructive to everything along the track.
Why so they always wanna get rid of engines, no engine, no train, period.
no fully automated trains? uhh have u heard of the Vancouver Sky Train?
This desire to call everything a Pod is laughable. Jails have Pods, let's send Them There?
Additionally, imagine train levitating over rails and having cross wind. What would keep it on track?
Why would you implement a worse than usual Kiszel Tünde at 11:22 though? I was frightened to death🤣
There is a long history of tech deniers that have all been wrong. Have you been to the optometrist?
how come we can't have you design our infrastructure you clearly have more sense than entire states over here - an american
whats with techbro's obsession with pods? pod houses, pod cars, pod trains, what's next? Pod kitchens?
as an american, what train infrastructure?
Why does the render not have a pantograph? It has an overhead wire, but nothing to collect power from it.
Shouldn't regular speed start at 1? due to the lack of movement at 0 mph. or is 0 a place holder speed for under 1mph but not actually stopped?
Recently, I heard someone on TikTok suggested people use one dedicated smartphone that belongs to the entire family and is always kept in the house. Like.. a house phone? Are we so messed up we're gonna start "inventing" things that have existed for hundreds of years now AND STILL EXIST AND ARE USED???
When are people going to understand that these "innovations" have nothing to do with the industry or "problem" they're pretending to solve. This is only to get money from investors that they can pay themselves in extortionate salaries, then shelve the whole project once the money runs out.  Wouldn't surprise me either if most this is really a money laundering scheme.
What I don't understand is how are investors stupid enough to invest in the same idea time after time.
Why are techbros so obsessed with pods?
Why are the techbros who hate paying taxes so much always proposing schemes that involve huge public infrastructure spending? Do they genuinely not understand that taxes pay for public infrastructure?
German here: we don’t keep the trains shit bc we want to sell more cars. We keep the trains shit bc it’s cheaper and cheaper is always better no matter what right?
What if we just got a bunch of giant slingshots, and then put trampolines where people land? Future of transportation
God I wish the US had good trains. I actually LIKE the idea of trains and think driving is too costly and nerve-wracking in big cities! Even if it's just on the Highway system, that still would be WONDERS better than... what, the South Shore Line up here that goes from Chicago to South Bend and back?
Are you an Austrian? Because you are weirdly using a lot of ÖBB/ Westbahn trains in your comparisons XD
Has anyone tried building a suspended track for a faster train above the old tracks? Or is that not a good idea for safety reasons?
do these things even have emergency exit windows????
When I (UK) visited my sibling who lives in Budapest I was stunned by how fantastic the public transport is (the UK is still miles ahead of the USA). As a disabled person, visiting mainland Europe always makes me jealous of your beautiful delicious public transport.
why do I think about The Matrix?!
Maybe it's a good idea to know at least a little something about the industry you're trying to reinvent?
Adam Something, what do you think about the Australian rail network?
Didn't Japan already reached something like top speed 600 kph? Also aren't maglev like very unprofitable?
20 sounds a lillte underestimated, no?
What a MESS! Do those people take their shet seriously?
When you go "Why has nobody ever thought about that before?" and it is about centuries old technology, then the answer is probably because it is stupid.
what is the music that starts at 0:16 ?
what strikes me with 90% of all these idiotic ideas, when its not like musks malicious ones is that sure i'd looooove solid infrastructure but the way they want to operate it etc , just bloat amazon drones to silly sizes and set up dedicated 'low' altitude flight 'corridors' with said drones having onboard flight controls and well , ...a harness to flop down like a used condom to its person hauling time and a cargo net like a rusty old bullet box if its material hauling , it be about as safe lees crap to clean up when things go 'upsy' and be at least possible to implement within a lifetime XD
Wait... Is this video using French train as an exemple for being *on time*? Am I in a parallel universe?
Why the hell is everyone obsessed with fucking pods
why is the 550 km only for this pod, or is it possible to join multiple pods and make a faster version of high speed train ? ( I understood the constraints of running this on pre-existing tracks, but can we improve the technology to actually make high speed rail commonplace in the future ?)
12:53 “Smashing passengers heads open”. Isn’t that just another way of saying “keep an open mind”?
When are crypto bros ever going to realize that having disposable income does not immediately make you some kind of civil engineer? They always take the Disney approach of “throw a lot of money at something and it’ll work,” even if it’s an awful idea.   Not to mention they ungodly amount of construction that would involve something like this. I’m from Florida and we recently installed the Brightline train system, capable of 80mph (128kmph) and the amount of construction and backed up traffic that happened across the state for YEARS trying to get that installed still gives me nightmares. Not to mention these trains are insanely dangerous and have already had their fair share of fatalities since opening, but then again, it’s America and Florida nonetheless; we’re not known for our intelligent drivers and I’m not too informed with train related accidents/fatalities when it comes to European trains.   I’m also curious: are you some kind of civil engineer yourself or just a very passionate content creator who does good research? Your videos are very entertaining but you also seem WELL informed on the various aspects that would go into the construction of these monstrosities.
Are- Are tech bros trying to Christopher Columbus the fucking Maglev train?
"opening a waterpark in the middle of the Sahara" Isn't that basically the entirety of Saudi Arabia's mega project ideas?
One brittish fellow put it perfectly in a video I saw a few days ago, where he talked about billions of Euros that were invested into the brittain-france train line, to make it faster and compete with flights. He said if you wanted more people to take the train from London to Paris, you could have hired a bunch of super models for every train and have them cater champagner to every passenger free of charge for many years with a fraction of what they spend on making the train a tiny bit faster and you would have gotten more passengers. Engineers measure time in seconds, people measure time in pain, discomfort and boredom. That's why supersonic intercontinental flights failed and why star ship will never become an intercontinental travel method. If you make the train ride affordable and cozy, people don't care if it takes 6 hours or 3. Flying is expensive and airports are a nervewrecking mess, especially with children.  Trains already have a perfect market made for them by the down sides of flying. Why compete with them in the one diemsnion where they absolutely best them?
I wonder how tech bros haven't pitch a service which streams your favorite programs 24/7 so you don't waste time looking for something to watch. Obviously AI powered
What I found really shocking about the Japanese Shinkansen system was not so much the speed but the frequency of those trains. If you are on the slower train with more stops every few stations a faster one passes by. But you don't wait a lot, Like 1-2 minutes, train goes zoom , and then you set off.
Why not build in Siberia and move goods and people (mostly goods) through the rural areas on dedicated lanes to improve logistics and transpiration. Tho you would have to go through Russia....
Imagine tech bros trying to make miltary tech to fight china and russia????
Could you please debunk "Skyway", I guess that would help some people.
Have you talked to them about your concerns about their project?
So,whats gonna happen if it runs into a gradual or sharp turn? It doesnt have any individual compartments since its just a straight carriage,and its going on tracks so its not a bus.what is this?
So the Nevomo pods are ... airplanes that can't leave the ground?
Is there anything like preliminary studies anymore?
I wonder what your fascination is with Budapest as you're mentioning it in quite a few videos now.
I absolutely NEED that Hungarian wall calendar! What kind of kolbász or szalámi is holding the lady anyway?
How can we cure cancer?  Adam Something:  *T R A I N*
are you the same guy as two minute papers? you have the same exact voice. you should check that out.
Why do tech bros not understand what public transport is actually about, let alone what logistics are really about? It's large numbers of people or goods in as small a space as possible. Pods are just stupid and there is a reason why you have double decker trains for city and inter city trains. Cheap mass transport.   You know, public services... Also yay for Star Sector in the Freight part!
What is it with tech bros and making shitty trains?
If pods work for Nespresso, why couldn’t it work for rails?
What if you could drive your car onto a train? Like a car ferry, but on land!
0:54 what’s the point of using existing tracks if you have to retrofit them with expensive magnets anyways? just build new tracks?
Was that Age of Empires II music around 12:17 ? :D
Haven’t we already had bullet trains?
what if we instead of making travel faster using billions of dollars, we change society so that we have more free time with shorter work weeks, so we have more time to enjoy our not super fast transportation?
Why is Higher speed somewhat slower than High speed?
wait higher speed is less than high speed?
I would say its more of 'lets find a solution we can sell to NEOM'.  I can see that making sense.  Or maybe to sell in places with no atmosphere like the moon or Mars?
Is that FF music in the background?
How many more times can these people invent worse trains?
Can’t tech bros go back to failing to make floating cities and leave working people alone?
Hungarian trains are more punctual thant German ones? HOW?
can u please make a video about cars with spherical wheels that can turn to every direction, i always thought its super futuristic and useful idea without many drawbacks but whats your realistic thoughts about it?
Is that age of empires background music?   😂
For the railway statistic at 7:27, is that just European countries? If not, where is Japan?
was that the shadowrun snes bgm at the end there?
Did engineering degrees drop in standards? Online schooling, maybe🤔 "ah, the world is fun to watch" 😂🍿
Was that friggin Deus Ex soundtrack in there? 😀
Can we call the pod people?
What a find problematic with all the new High Speed lines its that they are not supposed to carry cargo, so meanwhile we develop the HSL, there are more and more trucks and delivery vans and etc. I think that we should rely on trains on every aspect of transport, and develop those tracks for non human cargo
12:30 so basically you're telling me if they built this it would be like an anime character running so fast it causes an explosion behind them ? and come with all the problems everyone conveniently ignores in those scenes like the shards of glass flying through the air?
can you review some public transportation in argentina? i am courios of how can lost so much money meanwhile is so used
What is the source on the claim that Elon was trying to kill high speed rail with Hyperloop? There are so many irrational Elon haters out there, I don't trust just any journalist... Besides, it is obvious that Elon just wanted others to do the hard engineering work so he can build Hyperloops on Mars. They might actually make sense there (using tunnel boring, which is also the only reason he is interested in that tech here on Earth)
Hey, Adam! Awesome video! Is it possible that Musk is only now claiming that the Hyperloop was a clever ploy to derail high-speed rail in California so that he is perceived as a Machiavellian genius instead of an egomaniacal fool who hadn't recognized the absurdity of the Hyperloop?
I have an idea for a startup. What if we made like an attachable ramp with railways on top that we would put on slow trains. Then the fast trains could just use the ramp to pass slow train while riding on top of it.   Looking for co-founders and investors, any interested?
Have you ever heard about "cargo sous terrain"? A swiss underground "pod-system-project". Please make a video about it!
why does american rail suck? because we had it alot longer. yall just slapped down newer models.
Hi @AdamSomething I'm sure you have lots of ideas to debunk bullshit projects, but could you make a video about "Permanent electrified road to charge vehicles while moving"?
Trains are pretty neat. Can we improve on them instead of the pods thing?
12:04 is that music from aoe2?
Easy to fix. Replace all trains, whats the problem?
Has Adam done a video on the depressing state of passenger rail in the United States yet? In my experience it makes Germany's system look like France's, and the cost to take an Amtrak is literally unaffordable unless you are traveling by yourself with no luggage, and that's debatable. I'm sure a lot of us are familiar with why, but I'd be curious to see his thoughts on the matter.
Is that age of empires music at 12:43 ?
How do these people manage to design stuff that makes plastic roads sound like a less terrible idea. Keep in mind plastic is a high demand petroleum product, unlike asphalt which is cheaper, harder, and easier to recycle. It also doesn't photodecay like plastic.  Some people's ideas are bad, other people's ideas are impressively bad.
who the hell is Tech Bros?
Shouldn’t it go Regular - High Speed - Higher Speed?
Guys, what is the cute little song playing at 10:27 ?
Does anybody know the song at 5:43 in the background?
Who would win: a high speed freight train vs gmail.
Also how can that pod curve without the accident of hit another pod which is coming from the opposite way?
What's up with the aoe2 soundtrack?
Why is higher speed lower speed than high speed
When i became the mayor i will comission a super high tech Cyberpod™ but it will just be ye-olde regular run-of the-mill electric tram. With LED lights.
is this like... Driving4Answers brother or something?
I mean, in defence of American Rail, most of it is used for cargo illegally, even when passengers have the right of way. After all, what are passenger lines gonna do? Run anyway?
Why would I want my package to be delivered one day earlier? Mmmh, I dunno, efficiency maybe?
Who cares about trains when you can have Kiszel Tünde calendar in a video. 😉
Who is this idea even FOR? It's like they invented someone just like them, but slightly poorer, and then forgot everyone else exists
Maybe we should choose someone who LIKES trains, and WANTS to ride in them, to design the train system?
You mention why some countries (with big auto industries) coincidentally suck at rail. But did it ever occur to you that the reason Swiss trains are so punctual is to support their watch industry?
what if we can hang ski lifts on the existing train cables and electricly power them so they have wifi and usb chargers? And they could give personal scenic views for 4 people!😂
Is that The Neverhood soundtrack at 3:57 ? In the year of our lord 2024 ? Am I going crazy ?
Why is this video also posted to a channel called Tech Gumbo?
Has the tech industry always been like this? When I was a kid I was always fascinated by all these incredible technologies and sciences, these ways we could do stuff we never could before! Now I have a comp sci degree and no desire to work in the industry I got it for...
What happened in Wisconsin was we were SUPPOSED to have a lite rail system connecting Milwaukee and the Twin Cities in Minnesota to Chicago, Illinois but former governer Scott Walker sabotoged it. Taxpayers were charged millions in fees by the companies who were already contracted to work on and build the trains. Over $6 million spent to NOT HAVE LITE RAIL
Can you do city skylines 2
How can you guys tolerate capitalism anymore
These damn Europeans. What will they come up with next?
Why did I immediately recognize the StarCraft 1 music at 10:10 😂
Maybe we should bring back the guy who was very good at making German trains always be on time. What happened to that guy?
what would be funny if this video is just about isambard kingdom brunell
Is that Age of Empires music playing in the background?
Okay, but rail cars that can move themselves independently would actually be a good innovation for rail yards, no?
How do you get a container from China to your factory in a day? Fly it
Great vid! Didn't 60s futurists also convergently evolve a train design?
Why people think if cargo goes faster it will be cheaper?   If you crank up the spec of warehouse forklifts to 30mph you won't get a more efficient warehouse.  You get more and much devastating accidents that might cost the life of the operators too.   Faster is not better.  Faster is more expensive because of the safety measures you need to implement because going faster is not safer than going slower with cargo.
HOW DARE THEY TAKE MY AUTISTIC OBSESSION FOR THEMSELVES
When I think of all the times I walked on the tracks in the Czech Republic, crossing them, always relying on the fact that if a train was coming, I could walk to the edge...  ...I don't think that calculation would work for a train going 500 km/h.
9:00 what place/country is this?
okay, but why is Higher Speed slower than High Speed?
Why bother if this only fits less than 50 people? We already have an airplane. And there is no need to invest in a track.
I wonder if these tech bros have ever set foot on a bus, amtrak train, or light rail car?
where can i get wall colendur like that?
Would it be possible to make it work? Yeah, absolutely.  Would it also require way more money, resources, time, effort, expertise and space than necessary all for simply going a bit faster and a lot more dangerously with 12 people instead of 1200? Yeah, absolutely
What's it with Techbros and pods?
We've had driverless trains in Vancouver, BC for decades. Maybe you meant there are no cross-country driverless trains?
I am trying to imagine what happens when that pod crashes into a tunnel entry at 550km/h how does the air and tunnel structure react to the pressure impact ?
WHY NOT JUST IMPROVE ON SHIT LIKE ELECTRIC TRAINS DUDE?
Can you talk about the issue of the lack of proper infrastructure for teenagers? Specially parks? They’re always made for younger demographics mostly and it’s annoying
What if... Musk comes up with a Hyper Pod? /s
what is this age of empires music?
What is really sad is that the EU seems to fund this "project". Who is in charge of giving out fundings and wtf do they do all day...!?!? Maybe their time would be better spent watching YouTube (esp this channel)
Stadler single deckers are called Flirts, doible deckers Kiss. So triple deckers would be Sex ??
Whats wrong with the good old bullet trains? Why it must be "reinvented"?
7:18 Why do I bet Japan would be something like 99.9%?
Why don't we just build metal boxes with metal wheels and let them run on metal tracks? That sounds like a new idea! Now who's gonna send me billions?
I'm on the same page re the sins of tech bros, but your rebuttal to the automation point was really weak. You handwaved about complexity a bit but gave no real substance about why we couldn't have driverless trains. "It's really complicated" is disingenuous as hell, do you have any idea how safe and complex flight autopilot systems are?
why do you have aoe music in the background?
tech bros keep forgeting that planes exist too. why would anyone invest or travel in the train pod for long distance travel when theres already a pod that isn't limited by terrain, can reach higher speeds, and carry much more than 20 people?
I am thoroughly convinced that all of these dumbass ideas are built to sell them to billionaires for after we reach full cyberpunk dystopia. Unfortunately the only billionaire that has demonstrated any kind of (extremely limited and situational) forward thinking capability is Elon Musk and he's trying to run off to Mars for, uhh, reasons I guess?
How can you call this a pod! No self-respecting tech bro would design anything to hold more than 10 people and that’s pushing it! Everyone should be in a two person pod with 20 staff workers, and be made out of pure gold.
What Springfield really needs is a monorail.
What did they do back in they when computers didn't exist and didn't have the train managing system?
What is the song at around 7 min mark?
I am literally bamboozled about HOW a company like this is even “in Business” (or more like “exists”) since 2017!!?? Like in SEVEN YEARS they could not figure any of this out? How does this happen? Can we please mass-send this Video to every employee, manager, CEO and Investor in this company?
funny how all the new inventions regarding transportation are bad versions of trains. are trains the crab of the tech bros world?
So basically they want a railgun?
10:11 Wait a minute... one of these is not like the other. Is that, Starsector?
have you seen the "underground robot  home delivery system"? what do you think about it
Never heard about that since this video, and nie i am very curious  In Poland modernisation of rail going very slowly, we hypothetically have higher-speed connections between big cities, but trains can't reach the max speed becouse lack of infrastructure  I can't imagine what they have in their minds; maybe magnets can glue metals together, and that is a solution?
does anyone know the outro song? 🥺
Just build a set of commercial airports for small aircrafts?
Dear Mr. Something. i've been binging your videos for a past view days and i wonder, is that it? are train the most efficient way to transport people? is there no space left for innovation in public transport technologies?
Have you seen US rail tracks? They look like they have not been maintained in the past 50 years, one of the big reason they have so many derailments!
You may think that German high speed rail is "kind of shit", but have you considered British high speed rail?
Can anybody tell me how to find the outro song? I'm sure it's from one of the age of empires games but I can't find it. Oh and great video by the way!
What is the tune that is playing at 5:28? I can't remember which game it's from.
the uk never made that punctuality graph... surprised ?
When Stockholm had a switch that damaged all 60 commuter trains runs on the same rail line, they looked into replacing them with busses. Turns out they didn't have the vehicles, the personnel, nor road space to add the 800 busses they would need to achieve the same capacity as the train line. Roads are so extremely inefficient as transport, it's laughable.
What is it about Tech Bros and pods? Why are pods so fucking alluring to them.
When I become a billionaire tech bro I'm going to fund a transcontinental high-speed railway from Buenos Aires to Cape Town through North America, Russia, China, India, The EU, and Africa.
Can you make a video about engineering ideas that you think are worth it please ?
Why do my fellow country men have to hate trains so much. I don’t want to own a truck, I don’t feel manly or cool, I feel poor inefficient and unsafe because of cars.
You god damn nerd sniped me at 10:10. That's one of the original Terran tracks, isn't it?
Are you a rail expert? What makes you more qualified than they are?
Anyone that lives in MA know that snow is going fuck this train. Why do tech-bros think they can do the job of real professionals?
I mean, this is obviously made to be entertaining, but it bugs me a bit that with so many flaws in the system, a ton of the criticism is solely based on the mag-trains carrying exactly 20-24 people in the pod, which is a stunningly inaccurate estimation even from the pictures and videos of the pod alone. My estimation for those pods would be much closer to 50-70 people per car. Then it relies on the pods not being able to be chained together, which is clearly untrue for the cargo pods.   Having to retrofit rail systems for a new kind of service could also be done during regular maintenance of the rails anyway.   So surely there would be a less silly approach to criticising these trains than just basing everything on 2-3 pretty silly assumptions, right?
10:55 is that a god damn half life 2 container?
Wait why is your outro music from age of empires 2?
the uk train operators seem to think you can run an entire rail network with no staff. no conductors or ticket offices?
I am curious @AdamSomething would it be possible to do high speed rail underground, or is that very inconvenient?
So you said the automation system is quite advanced, but then you didn't give any specific reason why you could not automatise the whole thing (e.g. amount of interventions by rail drivers per 100 km driven or something like this..). What about remote controlling a train? With a abundant cellular service / satellite coverage would it be possible for one person to control multiple trains from a centralised rail traffic management center somewhere?
Do you have any thoughts on Polish mega project called STH - Solidarity Transport Hub? It pretty much divided our country in half because of the politics who came up with idea.  Video about it would be appreciated.
10:09 Do you play Starsector by any chance?
What is your opinion on the Transrapid?
Is that a game "10:10" ?
WHY does EVERYTHING have to be "A pOd"?
Nice video. Aren't the French actively sabotaging the signalling system?
When I'm sitting in a train and another train goes by even at regular fast speed on the adjacent rails, I feel the initial impact.  I think, the solution to all this high speed train topic is, you just have to live in an urban area. I can easily take the regular train to any nearby city and I'll be there in a few minutes or maybe 1 or 2 hours. I don't have to cross the continent.
I'll say it again: AOE 2 gameplay channel when?
How come there is not a single Tech Bro that understands Metal Fatigue??
Couldn't we just advance tech enough to make driverless trains possible or is that harder than it sounds? It seems like its already pretty close.
Who else had a “wait a minute” moment what the StarCraft music came on in the background at about 10:30?
will you make a video about Leopold Aschenbrenner's (ex openAI employee) essay?  I only read the blog post for now and I have already found three cases of Elon-level bullshit
Can any one tell the name of the Techno song in the beginning?
Why does every techbro previsual of their project just look like stolen assets from Mass Effect?
10:08 wait is that the fuckin starsector megafreighter ship?
How about EM loss and heating? It'll burn up the track with high frequency at that speed.
When I used to travel with trains, they were slow. And I kinda liked the slow travel.  The rumbling of the wheels on the tracks, the hum of the engine, and the warning blasts from the horn, all while I can gaze out the windows and see the landscapes go by. If it was faster, I wouldn't be able to enjoy the ride as much. Because it's not the destination thats important to me, but the journey.
10:09 Did I see an Atlas-class cargo ship ????
Can we just replace all the tech bros with AI?
What do you think of the Transrapid?
What a world to be alive!
What's with the obsession with pods? Even when I came up with a sci-fi concept for an ai-controlled, rocket-propelled, magnetic train, I still gave it connected carriages. Why a fucking pod?
My 10-year-old me once invented the All-Car. It is a pod which can drive on roads, fly, float on water and dive underwater.  It travels in high speed. The maximum capacity is one family. It will solve all trafic problems. The project is in the phase of looking for investors. Wanna join?
Is there really an oldschool film filter over the whole video?
Why call them tech bros if they're marketeers and BS artists? Admittedly, there is overlap.
When you mentioned the trains would be using existing railways some major warning alarms went off in my head. I might not be all that knowledgeable when it comes to rail locomotives, but it sounds like a real bad idea putting additional stuff on rails that undergo lots of force and stress. Would probably result in massive increases in cost when it comes to repair.
Isn't it weird that the most mountainous countries, Switzerland and Japan, has the best punctuality? I'd like a deep dig into that.
What would happen if one of those things hit a deer?  Boson/Higgs particles?
Can you make a video about at least the benefis of using cars? Like I dont get how its a better alternative to trains when it comes to stuff like buying large groceries, large item shopping (rx: you cant carry a bought appliance by hand through train. Thats very inconvenient), also long travel too, cars can also help you get some sleep in some parking lot if you need a quick rest.
I wonder how much the heads at Japan Rail laugh every time they see these scams.
Will Wii background music be flagged for copyright?
Star sector player sick. What's your favorite ship?
Where is the music at 10:09 from??
Do we have any sources for Prosche controlling the AfD? That's funny af.
A 300 mile long track accelerating the pod at 10 G will be at orbital speed in minutes. Station the track at an altitude of 120,000 suspended from balloons. Point to point intercontinental hypersonic service, and orbital space launch service from the same launcher. Multiple short launchers for usual intercontinental service with occasional assembly of the launchers for a series of orbital launches. As the number of short launchers grows a dedicated orbital launcher will emerge.   "But duh, gee Dee, What about, what about, what about?". All that will use conventional equipment . Don't you know anything?
How about a pod that is powered by boiling water? Imma call it "vapour" engine™ !!
But, what if they smoked even more crack?
I'm going to start using my landspeed record chasing rocket car to commute on the local state highway. Wish me luck!  Geez, why do people always insist on *thinking* through these briliant ideas?
What happened to that video about Chaushesku? Got deleted because YT protects romanian commies?
This whole plan is too European and feminine. How can we arm the trains and use drones to manage the whole thing?
Why are techbros like sexually attracted to pods please
The American National Rail Network is more than twice the size of the European rail system, with over 224,000 miles (360,000 kilometers) of track compared to Europe's mere 94,000 miles (151,000 kilometers).  Trains are more efficient at moving people in and near cities and European cities are much closer together than USA cities so trains work well there.  Go figure.  Cost of operation to move people in USA by train is 10x more expensive than Europe.  Not because of "engineering" but is because of distance.  Are you willing to pay for that out of your pocket?
Why is everything a pod with low capacity? Because the rich people this is catering to cannot stand the idea of sitting next to anyone, let alone plebs. It must be luxurious and personal. That's why all tech bro transit sucks, they can't imagine not having their lambo experience.
why the nevomo magrail be looking like salmon sashimi i wanna eat it
WHO TOLD THEM ABOUT TRAINS??!     MODS!!!!!!
I was going to comment on that Death Stranding joke then that caldern came up.  What the hell is that thing advertising?  A witch?  Holding a torch and pancakes?
Why is it a bad idea : all of what you exposed + FRENCH TGV POS4402 ALREADY reached these kind of speed with an experienced driver and on the right track. If we want small pods for rich people we don't need those guys ....
where can I find a video of 2 trains getting stuffed by 2000 passengers one after the other like in 3:20
Did anybody else get unsubscribed from this channel randomly somewhat recently?
Isnt that just LRT, MRT, etc?
Where would be if we didn’t have tech bros [re]inventing super useful tech??!!!! 😉
2:08 isn't that the rolling stock of the Austrian Westbahn (Stadler KISS) below the RailJet and not an ICE-L?
A guy living in France here. What were the dudes smoking when providing the french "trains on time" metric?
7:24 - how does Luxembourg fit into a "long distance trains" graph?
10:08 command and conquer? Is that you?
Are you hunagrian? Cuz I am and I use tbe train u showed as examples every day. Sk im pretty sure you are hungarian
Makes you wonder if they have any intention of actually building anything or if this is just a way to spend some venture capital and pretend that you're smart. They can't really be this stupid, can they?
Why do tech bros always have to go with fucking pods? This would actually be feasible in a few niche scenarios if it could just be a train rather than fucking pods.
Why even call them pods? Do they have a fetish for jamming pods everywhere?
Every time I see those projects with the same issues  I wonder how they could overlook those facts there is a small but persistent voice in my head that tells me that we all base our critique around a situation where common people have housing away from work, can afford to travel for fun in their free time and everybody has access to an open world.  But if you just put all the commoners in a people silo in the basement of the factory they toil in... you don't need public transportation. If your own house becomes a rare thing... then pod homes get more space. Less privately owned cars mean more space on the roads. All of these ideas make sense when only an elite gets access to all those wonderful things we achieved.  And sounds crazy to me, and maybe to you, but does it sound crazy to Mr. Bezos?
- talks about trains - gives Máv-start as an example - unatco theme as background music Why can't i subscribe twice?
Doesn't Sydney have driverless trains?
what in the impractical space colony tech that is both somehow just settled but had decades of pre build infastructure is their idea!? it's low capacity and not scaleable in a practical sense.
Are you really complaining about long range trains in the US?  People aren’t normally driving out of state on regular basis.
What music is played in the background around 7:30?
What the heck is a “kilometer”?
The idea is really not that new! Germany developed the Transrapid in the nineties (basically an in every way superior and better scalable version of this shitfest) but then sold the whole thing to china since Germans couldn't find any use for it. Could you maybe make a video on that?
so you're saying there's a chance?
Can the tech bros just focus on building trains in north American instead please? Use that money to build normal speed trains.
Why invent new tech like this instead of upgrading existing systems and fixing institutional issues like how society treats and supports public transport?
3:58 After some HoMM music we get some Neverhood too, nice. How about some Theme Hospital next? Transport Tycoon? Red Alert 2?
what about communist NFT AI pods rail?
why are they obsessed with pods?
Why improve an existing system when you can invent a worse, more expensive system?
So, I think thats a No Thanks from Adam.... what if we get a bunch of them and we call it a pod-chain?
Bro. Maybe you could do reviews too on videos that shows 0.1 sqr meter home apartments transformed through Galvanized Square Steel and some Eco-friendly wood veneers and Screws borrowed from aunt?
Is Adam Something advertising PODS for your money??
So, they want to take the major advantage of trains (that they can move hundreds of passengers or a lot of freight with one driver, and a few motors), and remove it?
🤣 How many times will they fail to make a train?
"Driverless trains are not possible". How about driverless metro trains in Copenhagen. Yes, metro trains are not the same as regular trains, but is it that impossible to improve the technology for a bigger scale?
Why cant we have self driving trains tho ? I mean self driving cars are quite far away from being perfect but they do work good enough most of the time.  That should be much easier to accomplish with trains as they already have the system in place for coordination and the system is built on the idea that a train cant just stop any second
There are already small trains - kind of train-trams on rails in Europe. We have plenty of them in Poland. For example most of regional railways use these small trains. They travel with very standard speed, but it is pretty much okay, since boarding takes less time and due to short travel distance they are still very efficient. It is like using a tram, but on longer line than usuall and skipping 80% of stops. I dont think using much more expensive dildos could really help here with anything. Maybe even contrary, since people are boarding with bikes, small children ect. Traveling 550 kmh would require being fully seated, with belts fastened and every element of the bagage being firmly placed in special areas, since in other case people would get killed with various lethal things flying around the cabin. At the end of the day we have a cost thing as well. Fast trains are already expensive, so are the tickets. Would I pay extra 100% to spend - lets say - hour less, or just 45 minutes less - traveling from Łódź to Gdańsk? Why would I?
What problem are they even trying to solve here, because I never heard anyone in an ICE at top speed say "I wish this thing would go even faster". Top speed is certainly the last concern for public transportation atm.
What the heck, why are most of the train examples are from Hungary?
How would that thing even take a turn, what with that aerodynamics skirt nearly kissing the ground?
1:45 I'm guessing it's just for categorization purposes, but how would a 0mph train work?
I have zero education or interest with trains and it took me about one minute into this video to start thinking about turns, never mind the thousand and one other problems pointed out here. How and why does this project actually exist?
Is there a way to make trains better tho?
What are the /two/ Amtrak systems that aren't jokes? I know about NE Corridor/Accela, but what's the second one?
How about under water pods for taking tech bros twenty at a time to visit the Titanic at 550 km/hour?
why are tech bros so obsessed about speed? why fast enough, steady and high capaci—- OH WAIT
did... did you play the UNATCO Theme while talking about German trains?
is there a shortage on train drivers if you dont want to train replacements or just straith up dening applicants for training without any explenation on why they dont take you? food for thought
Cable theft... you hear about the old woman who took out the internet of half a country?
Why pods, why? It would be better for those tech bros to research how to make the inside of the cabin dimensionally larger than trying to make a train derail.
Can you imagine how much expensive copper it would take to construct that third rail over cross-country distances? And trying to retrofit it into existing rail networks that already have things in the middle of the tracks like check rails, switch points, and hotbox detectors?
Pods > trains, because fuck the economy of scale, amirite?
Was I hearing AOE2 music in the background??
What is the song at 7:03 to 7:06
Could we just make a regular train with a VC friendly detachable shell? That way we could get funding, and once the press is gone we could throw the shell away and have a decent train.
Who...who pays these people to do this...????
Adam Something and not just bikes collab?
Why does the train look like Sushi 🍣?
How can you zip past that SICK wall calendar??
Why are you worried about cable theft? In such a low trust society high speed rail won't work anyways because unless people are forced to use it they would rather drive and terrorists would just blow up your trains anyway. Diversity is not a strength
What an awful idea. Doesn't even have space for a DB employee to make me a cappuccino. Fail.
10:10 Atlas Superfreighter from Starsector and StarCraft Terran music?
When it mentioned AI, I actually LOLd
Do people not realize, that if we want pods that badly, we can just put walls and doors around sections of seats and charge more for people who don't want to sit with the poors?  And that a lot of modern trains literally already do this? And it works great? Took advantage of my very own futuristic rail pod™ on a recent trip to Italy to get some extra sleep.
10:09 what's the Atlas doing here?
0:46 I like how they say trains are 190+ years old instead of 220+ years old.  like what??  do they think Stephenson invented the locomotive instead of Trevithick?
What is with the obsession of tech bros and pods?
10:09 IS THAT A FLIPPIN STARSECTOR ATLAS FRIEGHTER I SEE?
Does anyone know the music at 7:03 ?
What are trains? In all my life and in my mechanical engineering experience I've never heard of these trains. Are they related to those tracks i grew up next to? They sound like a great idea.
what if, instead of magnets, they used the air that the 550km/h pod is traveling through to float the pod? and if traveling at 550km/h near trains and houses and such is bad, they could "levitate" higher to reduce the risk of windows blowing out.
Why does the thing look like a prawn?
Can you make another version of this video, but in freedom units?
Do these clowns even know what's the top speed for a steel-wheel electric train? Have they wondered if perhaps there was some other reasons the TGV doesn't do 580 kilometres per hour in regular service?   Hell, the Frecciarossa 1000 is rated to travel at 350kph on the Rome-Milan line; it still does 300 because the increased costs in railway maintenance were deemed not worth the *ten minutes* taken off the travel time by the Ministry of Transports.
But what do you really feel about them?
Who needs stations? If you need to get on the train going by at 500+ kph, you just jump for it. They can put open hatches along the roof or something. Just aim for the hatch while you jump. Perfect! The pod never needs to stop!
Wait a Polish company? We have a pretty good classic train network in Poland, what are these Poles smoking?
What was the spaceship at 10:09 from?
Please make video about Indonesian new high speed train which have top speed 350 km/hour. Is it worth or not?
Isn't the innovation here the propulsion system? If the propulsion system could get a more conventional looking train to higher speeds by retrofitting existing high speed track then I don't see a problem here.   Also fully autonomous trains are entirely possible I work on a autonomous network.
Why do tech bros hate the way things work in reality? Because they were raised in an environment where everything needed is handed to them on a silver platter that they fail to develop the skills needed to solve complex problems.
10:10 I saw that Atlas freighter Adam something plays Star sector dude that is so awesome can I invite you to walk the path of ludd my brother?
What if rather than being limited by existing rails, we used a series of aerodynamic surfaces to keep the pod stable, and made it so that it could move clear of the ground entirely so it would not interfere with other crossings and could by-pass obstacles? Oh wait, that is an airplane.
If driver-less trains save so much money, imagine how much we could save with passenger-less trains!?
Can someone tell me which game the spaceship at 10:10 is from? It feels vaguely familiar.
Oh Hyperloop has finally been proven a scam? I mean, anyone with a mostly functional brain has always seen it for what it is, but are there any resources I can point to and share with people that decidedly confirms this?
American rails are barely good enough to carry normal trains these days. Our infrastructure is crumbling, yay. So how on earth could a train moving 5x faster on that rain?
What frustrates me the most about these things honestly isn't even the concept itself, it's the fact that the idiots spending their time creating these fantasies are making lavish salaries.
isn't this totally like a transrapid, that already failed miserably and was at best suited for short-distance travel on dedicated rails? they should build a k*ller-looping in the tracks
Can someone remind me what the music is at 10:09? I feel like it's from some game I've played before, but I can't remember it :(
I learned this shit as a kid playing with lego rails and trains. When you go too fast on a turn (especially turns made for lower speeds) with your train the train will derail, how are these tech bros so stupid?
Why so negative. They are half on the way. Now just redesign it a bit, remove the magnetic drive - no more thrid rail required. Turns out you can transfer power directly to the rail. And then instead of one pod, make it more efficient by coupling a few of them togehter. Perfect.
did the tech bros get paid? by whom?
why wait for 20 passengers going pass in one of these fucking pods (because their tickets are like 1000 euros one way) lol.
How Adam learned to stop worrying and love tech trains
Why do you not put spain's high-speed railway system as an example? It is the best in Europe by far
I wonder if 4000 years ago there were like tech bros who tried to reinvent the wheel
Have you read Bent Flyvbjerg’s “How big things get done”? I think you’d enjoy it and it would give you even more arguments against tech-bro mega projects.
What a stupid thing to hate on
Thing: *exists*  Tech bro: what if I made that thing worse and paid myself a huge fucking salary to do it?
10:10 Oh wow, Starsector's Atlas. The thing i least expected in Adam Something video, but happy to see nonetheless also PORSCHE DID WHAT???
As an American... Adam has convinced me it's time to start looking into this advanced "train" technology the Europeans have discovered.    Siri... Have my Tesla take me to the town hall to discuss "trains."    Siri?  Tesla?  Hello?
I realized some time ago that essentially all these ideas can be boiled down to: *Low latency, low bandwidth.* In other words, "Let's invent a FASTER form of transportation, for FEWER people." Which makes sense when you're a billionaire. Why care about the plebs?
What is your opinion on Flexy by SNCF ?
07:19 German trains are a bit late, at times. Meanwhile in Romania: your train is 4 hours late, because the train station has no electricity. Or because the locomotive broke down. Isn't that funny?
What is the track that plays during the 4. title card (Freight)? I swear it's from some 90s computer game.
Has anyone tried reminding rich ppl that private cars exist? I feel like we could sell them on investing in train infrastructure if they remembered that you can have essentially a luxury apartment attached to the peasant transport machine and it can be engineered so you never have to think about or interact with the unwashed masses like us  Like, imagine "pods" that slot into place on existing trains using some fancy future system (bcz they are tech bros and we can't just use the regular switch yards for them) with arms and elevators and traction motors to get it into position (don't worry - once it's on its special carrying car (essentially a rizzed up flatbed), it will be towed by the engine like all the other cars)
0:53 This BS idea died right here. In the first scentence about it. That's so ridiculously absurd. Did they get these ideas in a fever dream?
Do tech bros scare riding a train with strangers? Why do they love tiny little cradles? Shoutouts from (borderline) punctual and highly saturated Japanese MRT.
9:57 so also have a fantasy railway  it goes like this 2 sets of duel track set  maybe a kilometer apart for safety and redundancy  separate bridges and tunnels etc   all the stations are on loops so that train come off  and clear the main lines to pull into or out of stations with all the braking into and acceleration out of occurring on the station loop such that the trains are  at main line speed when switching to the main line  and i want the tunnels to be 14m diameter and i want special trains that run on both sets of track at the same time so that the carriages are like 7 meters wide and when they pull into a station with platforms on both sides that you can do Spanish boarding  oh and the trains can be two story's tall   can i have several billion dollars to build a prototype please?  i mean it will never work out but i really just kinda want to build this train and have it in my  back yard to look at because i think it would be cool edit 1 oh also it should be able to carry double stacked containers on flatbed cars  2 high and 3 wide edit 2 @ 13:55 .. is that... is that the age of empires theme ?
Why is this so damn funny and sad at the same time?xD
So, we take rail transport and we reduce it's capacity to that of a chair lift?
What actualy is the point of having a train above like 100mph
Minute and a half in and I'm going to throw it out: how will they take turns?
OK, who else paused at 11:22?
how about a pod that can levitate further from the ground without needing any rail network and being able to travel at 550, 700 and even 900 km/h? let's call it a plane
Why is it always a pod? Why in every one of these sales pitches, everything's in a "pod"? Why are these people so obsessed with pods? I don't understand it. What is so appealing about putting everything in tiny little pods? I swear these tech bros must dream "pod pod pod pod" every night for all this pod obsession. Why?
What radicalized me? A video about maglev pods.
How hav3 the ever litigious Nintendo not gone after people illegally using the Wii music?
How is the 550 km cable car supposed to deal with stuff like weather or track obstructions? It seems like 1 heavy snow and everyone in any of those pods one that are going to die
Ride near the Elbe River with Königstein fortress?
But what if ... It holds 30 people?
Why does it look like a shrimp nigiri though?
There might be a reason why concepts like the Schienenzeppelin, Jettrains or Maglevs never really caught on - good old rail tracks with Diesel engines or overhead wires were more than sufficient and way more cost efficient. Also the german rail system will never be considered good enough simply because green environmentalists have only one goal in life: Complain about everything. As soon one of their demands is met, the goalpost is moved and the bitching starts anew. But it's always all other political parties who are the baddies, right?
What is it with techbros and not being able to link things together
If you did add the maglev bit, but kept it at normal rail speeds, would it help fuel consumption?
What's the source of the music at 10:08 when the Freight segment starts?
what do you mean, the german rail system is kinda shit? it is an absulte clusterfuck switzerland isn't letting german trains in anymore, because we are so chaotic
Why ERTMS at 5:18 thats just wrong ?
"Musk told me during an undocumented interview"  So basically the source is your ass?
i'm watching this one, but how do i watch the member's only version of this vidoe?
What would be truly revolutionary is if the booking systems were interoperable so that you could buy a ticket for the whole trip at once if you are travelling between multiple countries. Now, that's something for the tech bros to work on.
Kurwa! What’s wrong with the good old SU45?
Why are tech bros so obsessed with pods?
What if you replaced the train with pods and the tracks with pods and the passengers with pods and the pods with pods, then you put the pods in pods and pods pods pods pods podspodspodspodspppppppppp
They will blame regulations, bureaucracy or whatever. I still remember French doing 574kph with TGV, on high-speed track.  The main difference is that they needed quite high power delivered to train, and it had bigger wheels. Then comes the challenge of building such track - while in lowlands where you can build straight it is possible - with complex terrain - big tunnels, big bridges - in becomes quite pricey.  So... what's the point of mag-train anyway?
Doesn't Japan already have Maglev testing I don't know how long ?!!
Did I see a Star Sector reference at 10:09 ?
what if we take this pod, add wings, jet engine or two and make it pl...i mean flying pod! dedicated rails problem solved immediately. Might need some sort of flyingpod-port in big cities tho.
why cant we just get whoever built the TGV or Shinkansen to build out and operate our whole passenger rail system rather than all these people trying to reinvent the train
Given the hyperloop doesn't exist, wouldn't something between a regular train and a hyperloop just be a train that goes half as fast?
When I was younger ~11 my grandmother would challenge me to build robots to do various tasks. One of these tasks was to make a robot to close her blinds automatically. I being young and a bit stupid built a whole contraption that would travel up and down the side of the window dragging the blinds up/down. My grandmother was not impressed she simply pointed out that the same result if not better could have been achieved by simply attaching a motor to the top of the blinds. That day I learned that good technology and good engineering is not about complexity it’s about function and god all of these fucking tec bros could really use that lesson 😭
Out of curiosity, what do you think IS a reasonable use for a mag rail, if built brand new? Or are ALL mag rails destined to fail?
What's the deal with "tech bros" and pods? Why are they so fixed on the same designs to show how "cool and unique" they aren't?
I hate the fake futurism aesthetic so fucking much. Everything is a pod. Everything is white or overly-shiny yet somehow blandly colored. Every design is oversimplified and “sleek” because MiNiMaLiSm is the only way they can envision the future looking for some reason. It’s all so ugly and unappealing, I can’t. Why can’t they try to rip off some actually COOL designs from sci-fi instead of this boring garbage every time?
Are realy czech trains more punctual than german trains ?
Why so fast, tech bros, why so fast? Very few people and very few things need to go fast. Take it easy, tech bros, slowly and growly.
10:09 IS THAT A STARSECTOR REFERANCE??
This thing would fit perfectly to connect the airport of a linear city with its ski resort in the midst of Saudia Arabia. No curves, no stops. But CGI could have been better. Maybe next time hire the special effects team for Guardians of the Galaxy?
Sooooo... Why do trains need to approach the sound barrier?  Just why?
5:24 Notice something about the map? Greece. No train control system , at all yay for my Great country, and yay for our fantastic train system, Maybe you have seen in the news about that " mishap" we had last year?
When this startup closes the headline jokes are built into its name, "Qoth the Raven, 'Nevomo'."
Can you make a video of your opinion on the Chinese railway system? Thanks
How many people /stuff can a railway move? Looks at the mobilisation at the beginning of the first world war... Apparently quite a bit.
How could we make trains better then?
10:10 I see what you did here. When will I have Persean sector public transport analysis video?
Do you think that these "ideas" are just a way to try to circumvent regulation?  To avoid efficiency and safety standards. 20 or however many people per pod means they get to sell more pods, and fast pods let's them sell an advantage that doesn't really exist.  Trains and rails have rules.  There is nothing in the rulebook about Pods, anything goes right?  They use the word pod because it isn't currently associated with trains, like say container is.
Rather then making “trains but worse”, why not build upon pre existing trains and make better versions of those?
Why do these "pods" look like pregnancy tests when laid out in a grid of 100?
Ignoring all the tech bro spin, I do wonder if it is possible to do Maglev on conventional style train tracks, like a high speed rail+, and if you could, would it be cheaper than full maglev?
Did you already expose the corruption in Germany about the train topic? If not , would be nice jf you do so
Not sure why, but after watching this video I feel a sudden urge for ... salami, I think?
When the DB (German railway) i something considered good for your county, i feel pitty for you We have Ankunftsprognose which is basically a witch asking a crystalball to see when your train arrives
How the trains from the combine called "Razer Trains" are actually more train than these pOds despite them being an alien species says a lot. Even for a fictional powerful multiversal empire, they never turned anything into stupid pods unlike these tech guys
Correction about the 350kph trains that "barely ever reach that speed". In france, whenever you take a TGV, you'll almost always be pinned at 320kph, only slowing down around cities and train stations. Also our intercities are 170+ kph so yay?
The TGV, ICE and Shikansen are the fastest? What about Chinese trains?
Is it possible to short these companies?
So proud to see my country below Germany in terms of punctuality of railways. I wonder what the red line meant, though. Maybe - "partly in the Balkan region, so it doesn't count"?
have you thought to do a video on how every company is putting "AI" in their products when its nothing more than a simple computer program? Like come on a toothbrush with "AI"...more tech key word bandwagon.
What about skyrail in honolulu hawaii. That's autonomous. I know it's an Incredibly simple system. But they have a car every 10 minutes at every station. I just think it's something that deserves credit
When I was a kid, I always wanted the world to be like it is in futuristic movies. It is now clear to me that the future as protrayed in movies is just the real world but less efficient.
What about improve current rails quality instend of wasting money at more car lanes?
Nice video, everything ok (apart from the pod we're talking about, that is). The funny thing, however, is that while I was watching the video I had to endure a lot of advertisements, and 90% of them were car advertisements... in themselves no problem, better than those of "donate your money and in exchange we will save the children of Africa, the Middle East and even Atlantis", but... YOUR video and CAR advertisements... I'd say that YouTube's algorithms choose really well, right?
Where could one find those ketamine poles you speak of (~13:15)?
10:10 Where's the middle freight picture from?
I’m afraid I’m getting fat, what should I do?
Reason why tech bros are pushing for pods instead of the usual train cars is so they could sell more. Like, why sell a whole pizza for $15-20 when you can have people pay $10 per slice?
Could you make an in depth video of the ETCS and how far we are on our way to autonomous trains? I imagine a world with high frequency trains like every 10 minutes because the alck of drivers and never ever have to care about schedules or running to catch a train because the next one is just around the corner *-*
Hey, what about Ironlev? Could you check that?
Im kinda impressed with those tech bors, that they didnt somehow connect their revolutionary train idea with crypto or NFTs. I guess we should call it some kind of progress, am i right?
is deep tech train at least selling drugs? good drugs I mean.
where is the reset of europe in that graph ?
Is StarCraft music in public domain now?
Why do people keep reinventing trains? They have roughly been the same for a century because they actually work. The best thing you can do to make a train better is to increase efficiency by making them convenient, comfortable, affordable, reliable, higher capacity, and easy to repair and maintain. Since unlike cars, trains are not a consumer product that can be used and thrown away because that would criple the entire world if the railroad companies' entire train fleet had to be replaced every few years
Automatic train systems are hack-able.  and what is north of budapest millions of passengers?
literally just a maglev. they want to build a maglev train with less capacity?
How about a train that only uses wheels for starting and stopping, it doesn't need rails and can go faster than 550 kms, and over water too with hundreds of people.😊
Why didn't they use japan as an example? They have a maglev train and honestly if you were to look to any country for trains it should be japan
Can we talk about the brief moments of dark age theme music from age of empires?
6:57 am I the only one to mistake those pods for salmon?
did anyone else thats not a member get this as a "member only" video you couldn't actually watch? it was in my recommended all morning i was getting really annoyed
Why does it have to look like a suppository?
why are they always so against long things?
Sigh, isn't the existing speed sufficient?
TechBros: Hey, let's invest in an idea and infrastructure fever dream project that will only benefit several dozen people who don't really need it just for their convenience at the cost of the general public and government tax dollars. Also TechBros: Investing billions of dollars for a public works project that would benefit millions of people, be affordable and cost effective to the general public? Why would anyone do that?
have you considered upgrading current train infrastructure with bitcoin?
When he mentioned Germany  Yesterday I waited 40 minutes for a train because DB had a holdup AGAIN. I am so tired  but then I remember the US and they probably like "what do you mean you get a train more than twice a day"
Can someone please explain to me what a train is???
The easiest way to revolutionize rail travel would actually be to invent a middle-of-the-train locomotive (and no, I'm not talking about locomotives that can chain into each other, I'm talking about locomotives existing in the middle of the chain of cars), allowing you to have more cars per train without worrying about tensile stress on the pre-existing linkages. Oh, wait, those already exist! They're called "swapping out the cow-catcher or bow for another linkage point". and as far as I know, there's a reason that nobody uses them other than "it would make manufacturing and maintenance more expensive", I'm just not sure what it is due to being only a layman on this matter. Adam, you got two cents on this matter?
Oh god  We really have come full circle didn't we?
High speed driverless pods, as in..... metro?
Good vid Adam! Exited for Age of Mythology Retold?
"Nevomo cannot have driverless trains."  But they can have driverless PODS, right?
"But... automation!" Hey, tech bros, have you ever watched Vsauce's Mind Field? The one about the trolley problem?
What if we made a train that was fucking pointless?
First sails and now this? Do people not learn history anymore?
Why is it that when someone says something stupid like "make a hyperloop" we need hordes of people to dissect the matter like it's serious instead of just banning that person from talking about such bullcrap and moving on? Oh right, money.
Did they actually use an orange Stadler WINK render in their comparison?
And despite this, they manage to get a stand in every single railway event around Europe, including innotrans. Who is financing them? Why is the world so broken?
This also feels like it shifts a lot of the operating costs onto the individual shippers. Instead of owning a few cheap rail cars that last many decades that you can just leave at your factory siding to fill at your convenience, now you either have to maintain individual vehicles or have the necessary equipment to load up shipping containers onto the flatbed pods owned by a third party. Where's the cost incentive here, and for who?
Could you make a video of types of rail/automobile crossings? it's a topic that is not receiving much needed attention, I will like to know the safes ones because lots of people have the biological necessity to get crashed by trains and I think it is a weak point in any rail system, so; exist a railcross method that can be applied to almost negate all crossing crashes that is also financially doable?
They already had me at 1:11 (Where I type this) Our DB cannot even change the 19th century coupling technology to something automatic, I can't see them refitting whole tracks if they can't even cope with the existing tracks now.  And of course before that: How does that 50m long tube get around corners without A) breaking itself or the tracks and B) without putting passengers with their face on the windows?
Okay but, Adam, have you ever considered that magnets are cool?
Why can't we just have unsexy regular rail operating at 160 KM/h aka 100MPH? 100 MPH is pretty darn fast. That'll be over 50% faster than most US freeways and it doesn't require anything beyond standard rail technology. Slap on some wifi and maybe a coffee or restaurant service onto the train and you've got optimized transport. People can work or relax during their commute. Then housing becomes far less of an issue since they can live further away from city centers but still travel quickly. Perfect for the US where existing rail Networks can be used with unsexy regular speed rail at 100MPH. That speed is also perfectly optimized for energy efficiency and reduced wear and tear so lower maintenance while still getting a good speed.
Where is that freight spaceship at 10:10 with the StarCraft music from?
Why the fuck does the ERTMS still need local supervision? Couldn't LIDAR and other sensors take care of what ever a traindriver has to do with acceleration and breaking?  Also I want a dedicated High Speed Rail network connecting every European Capital and City with more than 1 Million People. And no Stop should be a dead-end station.
The question is, do we need “trains” that are this fast?
Like normal trains, just smaller, more expensive, and ignoring every technical complication. When do these guys get a Nobel Prize?
Let me just quote the classic: CO TO KURWA JEST?
Anyone else realise they’ve just developed a worse more ineffective version of private jets?
What happends if there is a bear,moose or a tree on the rail?
Why have linear motor at all then ?
How many times has this happened now?
Did.. did they just take a monorail train model and put it on a regular track?
How about putting it on top of Neom?
What is that recorder song called? It's so funny!
what is it with tech bros and pods? is it all because of the iPod?  edit: also why *shouldn't* a car company have it's own political party?
ah yes the #1 problem with trains: rolling resistance. just add magnets to go 550kmh bro. what do you mean rails have curves??
That's kinda good though. At this rate they'll eventually end up doing trains i guess..?
When I saw a news article about the company I was already waiting for your video :)
I love how techbrolets always ignore basic physics. Surely you can go 102342042304243 km/h. Air friction? What's that?
11:21 What calendar is that and where can I get one?
But Adam, have you considered running the pods through an underground vacuum tunnel dug straight through dense population centers yet?
cheeky starsector Atlas screenshot I see.  ADAM STARSECTOR PLAYTHROUGHT WHEN??
When someone says German railway is godlike in comparison, you know you fed up.
How the hell do these people keep reinventig things that have been efficient for generations,& make them worse...EVERY.SINGLE.TIME!?
What about just get the Japanese Bullet train license?
Is that Age of Empires music in the outro?
i dont get why wallet companies target men at all i dont know a single man myself included who buys a new wallet until it is nolonger in 1 piece and then its just the cheapest thing we see  meanwhile my sister and most of her friends go through 8-12 wallets a year maybe target women instead with fashion wallets?
What a revolution. Next some metal things that go on water, without sinking (pending approval), they call them E-boats 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Who would have thought that trying to introduce a bullshit solution into a field know for its cultivation of "the tisim" would lead to a bunch of flaws in your idea being spotted
7:02 What is the name of this this song/music?
Can't these guys think up something practical? Like an elevator where you can turn off floor buttons?
Why was my boy atlas in the same shot has failing frieght ir did nothing wrong.
Middle ground between something we have and we don’t have. Why not make something we don’t have?
Maybe they wanted to make Renai transport real?
Do they know they look like dahir insaat?
Is the train made entirely of graphite and glitter too?
When the pod can't use the jammed tracks, take a self driving Tesla taxi. 😂
Why don’t we just bring back streamlined steam locomotives? Like the ones we used to have in the 1930s.
Who keeps funding these bad ideas?
didn't he talk about this like 6 times already?
Seriously, at what point did "pod" become such a buzzword among techbro grifters? Should we blame kid Anakin?
Why are people so hellbent on going so fast this close to the ground??
Also if you're not encasing your rail line you WILL need washing stations in front of each train station that your Pod can pass through so the public at the Station isn't confronted with the inevitable cocktail of road killed birds, deer and bunnies smoothied up on the front of EACH OF THESE PODS!  "DISGUSTING" MEME, anyone?
If a train can't be linked together, doesn't that just make it a car with extra steps?
*Chapter 4 intro music starts* Re-portin'! Movin' out! Ten-hut! Ah-ffermative! Yeah?
Why so many techbro have Dunning Kruger illness
When you start with the underlying assumption that faster necessarily means better.
What will happen inside the pod when it hits a curve designed for 140km/h at 550? It's got to have some magical anti-gravity devices installed to stop you flying into the walls.
This "concept" reminds me of Czechoslovakian motorwagon M 290.0. Engineered for high speed using aircraft construction experiences, had no coupling mechanisms, always ran alone on pre-existing tracks, stopping only once on its route. But that was in 1936. These punks are literally thinking like if they lived 90 years ago; but don't worry, naming our vehicle "pod" and saying it's AI controlled will save us, right?
What if someone invented a super tripple deck train going across europe so efficent people wanted to take it & put money into it
Do you think the Japanese maglev will work?
What if we have wall calendars, but in pods, with A.I. an quantum stuff? Huh? Billion dollar idea. /s /jk
lol Adam, that's just an idea and they got like 4 million dollars to check if it will work. heh, do you really think that the first aeroplanes had jet engines?
When we get cold fusion mag lev will be be awesome... WHEN....
What If we had the efficiency of trains and the freedom of cars. Trains Pods with Tires that run on asphalt and can go anywhere Genius. the train CAR pod its genius give me a billion dollars.
Techbros: Mention Rails AdamSomething: You dare challenge me in my own realm?!?
trains are already fast, why make them faster?
I wonder what the first techbro like solution was... Must be a 1850 when enough bad ideas had been tried for some to have been forgotten..
Bruuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh Here we go again 😂 more freaking PODS What is this Half Life 2?
Hi. You said that driverless trains are not possible. Why? And does that tell us something about driverless cars? Is the reason why a driverless train can’t exist the same for cars?
2:48 Whats with tech bros and pods?
Where do you get your wall calendars from!? 🙃
how do these tech companies even open up do they all just crash and burn eventually?
where in the world are there 4 seperate tracks running between the same points.
Could you not praise the French trains too much please ? We have a reputation to maintain, you know, SNCF and all that.
Why why why can't we just start with heavy investing into a trans European interoperable train network.  I want to go with regular overnight cars everywhere. That is all I want. At least Austria is doing it. But we need more.
where did you get the nice graphics of train compositions from. Vagonweb?
what was that wall calendar and how do i get one
MagRail? We already have working Mag Lev?
Rail pods can work.  Look at the Skinnezeppeliner.  Why did he not mention them?
The german trains are a complete catastrophe. It's SO INCREDIBLY UNRELIABLE, it's not even funny anymore. Also much, much more expensive than driving by car, and much, much slower because you always have to account for delays of at least 60 minutes, when traveling ~4  hours or more.   Oh also, did i mention that it's the most unreliable piece of garbage i've ever had to deal with in my entire life?
This pod shape is made so ideal to better insert them into the backsides of the tech bros...?
I absolutely love how you use pictures of MÁV to show that you can run a better service while spending basically nothing.  Oh yeah abou that: did you know that MÁV is planning more rail lines to be closed?
cable theft is a problem even if you put 20kV on it. What are you going to do? Put up an electric fence?
How did you find this? I'm from Poland and I'm interested in the rail industry and market and I've never heard of this before.
where are the plane pods? with automated pilots for the 4 passengers per pod??
dog, or we're each our own.  I was just coming to lament how the 'tech bros' and 'eLiTe' are masters of the universe...except for the most important factor which is *empathy* in which they are entirely deficient.  The superstition of a sky-daddy is their favorite tool of control, the 'free'masons won't let a Humanist join, wonder why?
Oh that bullet for the Czech Republic train system. Lemme guess, they made the train regulation authorities private bc y'know private services are so much more efficient bro ?
did you hear about Regensburg? There was a initiative to built a Tram in the city but a loud minority was against it so it got thrown away at the end. The vote was one week ago.🙄
What would Tech Bros be without Pods. Pods here, Pods There. Looks to me like they are jealous of car drivers because they already have their pod but don't want to admit it
Ok but what if the trains could fly, wouldn't that be awesome ?
Okay but what if we do that but instead of just using AI, we add NFTs?
Those wallets are the equivalent of pods to trains. They haven't solved the obvious problem with not having a place to put money or receipts. I have to buy a separate wallet for those?
@AdamSomething How do you feel about Multiple Unit type trains, which have a limited or sometimes no ability to couple/decouple?
I worked in Railway industry. I can say, most of the time, we prioritise efficiency over insanely fast speed or being absolutely crappy pods. What we do most of thr time is coasting. We accelerate up to the designated speed limit and then turn the engine idle, so that it doesn't burn fuels or cost too much electricity. Why in the name of fucking god we make something so efficient deliberately inefficient?
what is that cursed calendar at 11:22?
Is it just me, or does it seem like our Man here is getting more and more disgusted with the state of affairs?  I mean, tell us how you really feel, Adam 😄
A big fan of it, but why the StarCraft music?
Why is the quality of this video so appalling? Is it a stylistic choice? Because if so, it's gash.
Could someone tell the techbros to try invent a way to lay tracks (everything from grading to signalling) quicker?   Bruh they already overengineered techbro trains in like the '70s? It's called MAGLEV, the only weird bit about it is that it WORKS
Can you talk about Irish public transport its worse than American in my opinion
What's that track in the beginning?
Can you bring more stories of anarcocapitalist children doing children stuff i find these so funny to watch :D
Have these guys ever heard of the statement “if it ain’t broke don’t fix it?”
Why are Techbros so averse to making things scalable and mass-transit suitable? Is it blatant ignorance of the actual requirements of modern day public transport? Or is it arrogance and a dislike for the lower classes?
Another Elon Musk's re-invention of existing stuff, but in worse?
i cant believe this, will they invent sliced bread next?
