Why isn’t the Tardis blue?
Was there anyone that didn't experience an audio dropout when they were crawling around on the pirate ship? Fortunately it was not plot-critical.
Just watch this Question: Surely the people on earth know of the doctor even if unit keeps it shush there would be whispers how is it not common knowledge ?
confidence: check, energy: check but pointing out that he's being gay so strictly necessary?
The doctor wears a skirt while dancing?
Was this Ncuti's first time asking us to click below to subscribe to the official doctor who YouTube channel? Historic moment
So different having a new doctor come in with full powers of thinking instead of a period of adjustment. I'm guessing that's why Russell T Davies wowed us with splitting a new doctor instead of regeneration. The twin doctor effect was needed to finish off the Toymaker. But, is he finished? Remember his rant?
The Doctor just clicks with a woman just instantly doesn’t he?
If it originally aired on November 23, how is December 25 of any significance? And seriously, Mel?
Why should fans care about this doctor when David Tennant Doctor is alive? I rather see more of the tenant now than this Doctor.
Why is he wearing a dress 💀
Same here, Who the fack are you?
I wonder why 99% of comments are from bots.
Lol he’s wearing a scottish kilt at a nightclub?
No, no, you’re not ‘The Doctor’, after the bi-generation you’ll only ever be ‘A Doctor’. Yep, “Time travellers are great” but now you’re no longer a Timelord— you’re just another time traveller, like Marty McFly, Bill and Ted, The Terminator, Sam Beckett, and Captain Jack Harkness—no longer singular…twice diluted, commonplace. Who are you? Really? Who are you anymore?
I'm assuming that these goblins are related to folklore rather than being aliens?
Is it also coming to Disney +? I can't wait to see more of our new Doctor. 😊
Ok but why he dancing in a dress?
What a disappointment, literally looks as bad as Disney star wars is, wonder why they change or start over when something is perfect? Guess i should've expected this from BBC.
Pirate goblins in a christmas special?
Why do people not understand that the Bi-Rigeneration thing was due to the myth/reality fact? Something happened to reality due to what happened on Wild Blue Yonder to reality itself. That's why he bigenerated.
Why is dr who so goofy and cringy these days damn
Memories of Clara on Christmas Day going up to the TARDIS through the clouds anyone?
Could you please stop blaming Disney for turning the show into a 'woke agenda'? As far as I know, the show has been heading in that direction for many years; it's simply the intention of the BBC and the showrunners. It's not the fault of the evil and cruel Disney company. Besides, if you compare Disney to, say, Netflix or HBO, Disney is definitely the least progressive of all the companies. So I don't understand this narrative at all. Yes, it might be more noticeable at Disney because they have always focused on families and children (which is no longer true), but in the end they still hold back a lot. But I guess it's cool to point the finger at Disney and pretend that they're responsible for all of humanity's problems.
While it looks like the adventures with this Doctor will be fun (I mean actual goblins in Doctor Who? Brilliant) But I feel it pocesses an undertone that I don't like. Why is he in a skirt in the first 6 seconds of the trailer? Are they flaunting that he's gay or something?
Sooo the 14th is gonna be more like a action doctor?
Doctor Woke? Is this a ripoff of Doctor Who?
Is it just me, or is Gatwa sexy as hell?  I'm starting to question my sexuality over here.
... someone tell me what the hell is going on here?
Wait Eric from the Sex Ed!?
When Ruby says "Who are you" if you notice the Tardis isn't Orange like what he did in The Giggle, maybe he will change the color at Some points?
Can someone quickly clarify the bi-regeneration because my understanding is "I'm okay, because you're fixed yourself! We're timelords, we're doing therapy out of order" does that mean that 14 eventually properly regenerates into Ncuti. But how? Or does it mean a 14 is shaping Ncuti right now, as 14s growth is happening right now he's also creating his new self by 'healing'.
IS THAT A NEW SONIC I SEE?! Welp, there goes my money lol
Why is he at a dance club? That doesn’t make sense
Can we just cancel the show?
back to using the word christmas again are we?
What a amazing episode The Giggle was. Ncuti era will be the best so excited
10 didn't wanna go, and he came back as 14, and didn't "go." How cool is that?
Fifteen dancing in a kilt in a night club? So is he going to reference Jamie McCimmeron in the Christmas special then for that specific scene?
This brings with it the biggest hole regarding this concept: Regeneration is no longer a consequence, it is a entirely beneficial super-power for the Doctor. There is absolutely no reason--none whatsoever--for why the Doctor shouldn't just mortally wound him/herself all the time, so that they can crap out a load of new versions of themselves. They can literally double without consequence--Getting fatally wounded actively aids the Doctor now, so why are we supposed to ever care if he's in mortal danger?
Can someone fill me in on why people keep saying that Doctor Who is moving on to bigger and greater things I haven’t been that up-to-date on the news, so I’m not exactly sure what’s going on
If he split off of Tennant’s Doctor, and Tennant’s Doctor is still around with his own TARDIS shouldn’t this really be Doctor Two?
is this the youngest doctor actor so far?
A spin off show with tenants doctor   being the head of U.N.I.T and becoming the Curator?
Who is writing for him?  This will determine how good this is
why does she look like nurse chapel from trek new worlds ?
great now every episode is going to be I wonder what 14 is up to?
Does anyone just want for ONCE the doctor to just have a Male Companion instead of a parade of Women?!
Biregeneration is such a weird concept when you think about the implications. For starters, regeneration is no longer a bad thing--it's literally only a benefit... Why doesn't the Doctor from now on just keep fatally wounding himself to generate infinite versions of themselves?
Why was this not addressed? And why do I feel like it's never going to be?
Was that Remote control thing I glimpsed the new sonic?
Why is it all cgi kiddy monsters now. I remember the when dr who would scare me.  Pathetic
0:23 Is that a new sonic screwdriver?
Who are you? ( A crazy alien with two hearts and a blue box, that travels through time and space.) 😎❤️
Wow that was horrible. Acting seemed like some cheap advertisement commercial....what have they done to doctor who??
Did the Tardis have a baby?  A clone? Or??????
Was this man in a skirt or a kilt? like, bruhh
I do have one question due to the nature of Bi-Generation. Is Nchuti still considered the 15th doctor or is he also considered 14 at the same time of David?
When i saw Ncuti the first time on screen, i had a huge smile on my face. His energy on screen is just so captivating. I am glad to see that DW is back on track.
When Ncuti said Fantastic... For a second, i got my hopes up. Because how utterly brilliant had it been if they somehow miraculously had gotten Christopher for this special...
HANG ON.  New Sonic? I though he'd inherit the 14th Sonic, but this one seems....flat?
Sorry but again... Why does the Doctor have such a plunging neckline?
I wonder if Davids doctor will show up in 2-3 episodes to help the doctor
but but but i want know what is happening with 14th doctor he cant disappear?
Is it weird that I’m more excited for this then I was for the 60th?
when are you going to release these on Amazon Prime. I'm not getting another subscription service just for Dr. Who no matter how much I love the series.
WHAT is that???!! a sonic remote? I need this episode now! Ruby and Doc look so fun together!
Wait the next episode isn’t till Christmas!?
I wonder if the two Doctors we have at the end of this episode are really 14 and 15, or if it's actually 15 and 16? With 15 being played by Ncuti Gatwa and 16 by David Tennant.   I mean, both Donna and the Doctor(s) claimed that Ncuti's Doctor was the older of the two. Which doesn't make sense to me, unless Tennant's Doctor was "born" after Ncuti's. So if Tennant's Doctor is the younger one, does this mean that 14 really "died" and regenerated into two separate new Doctors, one of whom just (accidentally?) still looks like him?   Even the Toymaker accepted the challenge of both Doctors as valid, although just a few minutes ago he said that he must play the next game with a new Doctor. So he accepted both of them as new Doctors?
It was a great episode up until the end. The regeneration was cheap and the idea that there can just be 2 Doctors with Tardises at the same time is such an easy way out. Like when we got the metacrisis Doctor, at least he was left in another universe with no Tardis and no way to get back. Plus there was no real explanation given for 14's face. It felt very JJ Abrams doing Star Wars. I'm going to introduce a bunch of wacky stuff but I'll explain it later and the explanation never comes. Unless they have some Fortnite tie in stuff coming up?
what have they done to doctor who…. trying to please everyone has ruined it, n the CGI is plain awful, looks ridiculous
What a joke I only said last week I am so happy the Dr is back to what it was as I did stop watching then said I love it and back to watching it again and now with tonight's one and the one for Christmas I am done the makers of tont episode and the one for  Christmas I'm done they need to be sacked thanks for making the Dr who a joke hope your happy sod it no more watching it it's sick and disgraceful there is only two genders man and woman get it right
I was iffy with how the regeneration went, but i must respect it. I live that the Doctor was able to shed the stress of billions of years by splitting it. But does this mean there is two doctors now?
Doctor Who is now Doctor Huh?
What a terrible way to ruin a series
This is going on Disney+ too, right?
I wonder if 14 will guess appear
This looks incredible each version of the Doctor has brought an exciting personality to the table and he seems the most energetic mabey tennet was left with the age and trauma and this is a newborn version of the doctor?
Is his sonic going to be a futuristic remote control?
IMMA BE HONEST RN! the episode was amazing truely but! theres still 2 doctor's explain please??
What a twist in that episode. Can't wait to see where they go from there.
Yes.. Yes you are the doctor..   Btw, new sonic?
Will we get occasional appearences of tennant? 😭😭
So many unanswered questions I have 😭 is David tennant still “A” time lord like can he regenerate still????, do we get a spin of for him ????? What’s next !!???????
0:24 Is That A New Sonic Screwdriver Or Not?
Is thay a new sonic screwdriver!? Because please take my money
How is this not a remake of legends of sea devils. Hahahaha dancing doctor
Really, the doctor clubbing like that?
What an episode! Can't wait for the Christmas special!!!
