Had this on in the background. Who knew it took me over 1 billion years to drive to class?
What extinct human was at the end it dident have a chin so it wasent a homo sapien but what kind of human is it can somebody help or know what that human at the end was
Why does it feel so nostalgic in the cretaceous
Does anyone know what is the name of the track that play in the last quarter of the video? I can't find it in the "All of History" album by Epic Mountains, but I'm pretty sure I've heard this song before on Kurzgesagt. Maybe this is a remix?
When u said a billion years passed it was 2 billion years passed
How many Kilometers did the cameraman Travel Düring this Video.
where did all of the water that makes up our oceans come from if the whole planet was made up of lava? i did a google search and it says meteors and asteroids filled with water but its like , bro what are you talking about.... where did that water come from? did that much water really come from meteors? it just dont make much sense to me, am i crazy?
How do people know there was water on earth when covered in lava?.. did their parents tell them because they saw it with their own eyes 400+million years ago?.
Where did that one bacteria or organism come from
Do you know humans started as a fish THEN a monkey then us humes.
how the earth existed 4 billion years ago if the earth is only 2025 years old
so 1hour passes=4 billion years?
Can you make battle Royale of every single creature to ever live but it’s through all of time?
So during this entire video Mars couldn't even get a single cell of life?
When you watching ocean part: LET I GET OUT FROM THIS STUPID WATER BARRAGEEEEE WHY I CAN NOT SEE ANY TERRESTIAL
The background music makes no sense in a video like this, like why?
I wonder what my neighbourhood looked like millions of years ago
8:41 where does the rain come from?
So,the Great Oxidation Event ,eh?
So,playing The Floor is Lava,eh?
Love it!   Can you make a version without talking?
But how did the universe start?
can you do a timeline of mars
First of all the cameraman is literally a mortal like I’m not joking like how did he get to this timeline?
How’d you get the new Tool album for the soundtrack of this?
When I watched this a year ago, I don't remember there being ad breaks. Today, there are ad breaks every 7 minutes.
This is the one of the stupidest and waste-of-time videos I've ever seen. What's the point of making people watch the equivalent of paint dry for over 50 mins in a 1 hour video?
How does it feel to be done after 4.5 billion years of hard work
THAT changed Earth to what I see outside today?
29:49 can someone explain? Did it create more water or was the stuff before different from todays water?
when earth was about 1B years, almost nothing but a pool of hot lava, life sudently appears and somehow just keeps going. good job team
Wow I feel so old now, wait no, I feel so young... what ?
Admit it, how many millions of years have you skipped?
How does the moon be its normal self sorta thrn earth
Can you make the future of Earth in 1 hour, please? We really appreciate it!
I wonder how big of a file size is for the unedited raw 4.5 billion years fotage is
What's these places I never seen them before then what's these strange names?
Why HADDEN and paleorchen and all takes too long?
anyone else really high and tripping to this?
Why do the moon look like the sun 🤨
29:43 why did it glitch?
How long did it take to make this?
Uh…is this Steve Taylor talkin’?
What if dinosaurs weren’t extinct end by the asteroid, and continued to evolve to human-level intelligence, what would the world looks like today?
Why are the most interesting videos never in the Spanish version of your channel? I would be able to do other stuff instead of just paying to this if it was in my language 😅 Please consider it
When you really think about, many times you think life is long (I'm 14 so the passing of time is slower for me than you) but even that does not, not even close, compares to the fact our species have only been around for so long, but still, so little of time compared to how long this rock angular revolve have lived and existed. So many things we haven't experienced, which are unimaginable, and still, that's just one planet out of so many a biological computer, such as us, could never comprehend.  This may sound impossible, but one day, judging from the fact I have watched your channel's videos for since I was 8-9, I think I'll have the knowledge to construct a working time machine, using particles to envelop the space I'll be in to travel forwards and, if it is merely possible, backwards through Earth's history and discover Her secrets.
What it took probably took too long to comprehend Hope you keep these masterpieces in shape! ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
03:15 Shouldn't there be Tsunamis of Magma from eruptions, comets, etc?
Amazing!! What's the name of the last track?
How on Earth are people able to find out about all this?! It blows my mind we can find out what earth was like 4 billion years ago
39:54 did the guy spit?
video starts out with "uth".  what is "uth"?
Can someone explain how did we get rain?
How many months did thia take.
Is there a way to get this as a  live desktop wallpaper?
how did it start to rain if there weren't oceans?
9:04  how did the water get thaere anyways?
Moral question for everyone (no wrong answers)… Seeing it took billions of years to become habitable and then hundreds of millions to evolve life to what we know it today, if we find a goldilocks planet do we have the right to inhabit it? Consider we would be forever altering that world, preventing the natural order of advancement which could, without our intrusion, lead to a species as thinking and feeling as us?
I wonder why the music is so undescribable at 24:12
How insane is it that we were somehow created by this whole event. Life is gift it’s crazy that we are here existing 🙌🏽
That was three seconds at best of a freaking hour long video where a human is shown. Everything all and every human that has ever lived, breathed, eaten, studied, written, cared, fucked, killed, and died all condensed into three seconds at best out of an hour long video of the geological timescale. How absurdly insignificant are we?
What about a 2-hour prequel covering period from the Big Bang to the formation of Earth?
how the hell are you doing that right now but you are not going anywhere and call you want me right back when you
I feel like I’m looking a gift horse in the mouth for asking this, but would it be possible to do this for the future? Starting today and ending with Earth’s destruction from the Sun’s expansion into a red giant?
the video is now a year old can you pls do a updated video ?
If the Earth was covered with water during the Mesoarchean and the atmosphere was very hot, wouldn't the water keep evaporating into clouds, and it would constantly rain?
when I say that this is my go-to video for studying I'm not lying bc Ive watched this video like 20 times and I legti cannot get enough of it
Where did the rain come from in the eoarchean era if earth was just a lave hellscape?
OR -  the Jewish & Christians are right.  We confess to God that , "I'm not Holy, but You are",  and I spend eternity in Heaven.  What's your plan?
What a channel, I love this 🥰 Happy 10th Birthday, a little late😅
are dinosaurs real? cus there aint no dino in the bible
11:57 Quoting my favorite Gaming Movie (Sturmgrenadier Planetside Recruitment Video) Man, will this Rain ever going to stop ?
10:37 did i just see a meteorite get warped to nowhere?
where did the billion years of rain come from??
Before it rained for millions of years, was the entire ocean sitting in the atmosphere?
Where do I go to support for a 10 hour video? I need to see at least 2.6 seconds of all human history from the emergence of Homo Sapiens to present day!
8:30 it starts raining but I am wondering where is this rain/water coming from? After being a very fiery planet, where did the water come from? how did it form a cloud and rain?
why does the Cretaceous look so beautiful 😮
how short is human life? kurzgesagt:
Where is the water rain came from on the Eoarchean era then?? 🤔🤔
Is this just “the entire history of the world, I guess” 2.0?
Who was the braindead in*est bred that used Sponsor Block to Block like 99% of this content?
Did I feel something watching this? Well yes. I felt this could heal the world actually.
Interesting video but any explanation of how scientists know exactly what was taking place billions of years ago?
59:59 can someone tell me the name of the music that’s playing?
Erm, how did mammals emerge if an asteroid wiped all dinosaurs?
At first I was going to say, wait, I thought it was stromatolites that made the oxygen, not cyano— Then I was doh! And just what are the stromatolites made of?
35:32 is that TMNT music?
Where did the rain come from in the beginning? No water vapour to form clouds would mean no rain. Also, water is H20, no oxygen in the atmosphere, would mean no water, right?
facebook doesn't allow me to share this with a preview image, wtf??
Thanks for the insights! Just a quick question: I have a safepal wallet with USDT, and I have the 12word phrase: ( proof inner hobby bounce blouse able donate virtual luggage cart morning ticket ). How can I send it to Binance?
When will these individual cells start to make this video.
What an amazing accident created us
Could anyone please tell what is the song name started from the Cretaceous? it is so nostalgic
How is it posible for life to stay same for so long and then in few Million years it evolved in so many creatures
you guys gonna do like a 13 billion year in 2 hours right?
Forms the moon? What about ancient writings that talk about the time before the moon????
Where can I get that soundtrack?!
How have i found this just now
Are we there yet?  Are we there yet? Are we there yet?
PLEASE do this for other planets, or is that too much effort?
How do scientists know this happened
So wooly mammoth & megaladon didn't exist??
Why tf do I feel nostalgia watching this???
This viedeo is already year out of date can we get an update?
You want me to believe you didn't use the ai???
How could they find out all of this information when they dont even live a single day at these era😦
How did the water form if we didn’t have oxygen till Siderian?
how did it rain on a hot sroching planet coverd in lava? how did water even came to existance?
how come the moon didnt have these transformations and remains the same
does anyone know what the moon looked like during the mesoarchean?
I wonder where it goes wrong & we are here !
what do you mean this is already a year old
Is this a theory or facts?
how much animator got paid for this 1 video
Why did it start raining? How do we know that it did?
What's the name of the music at 58:40?
Who else plays this in the background for study/work music?
Where the lava come to foams?
How do we know this is what happened billions of years ago and how the earth looked like?
How sad. If only this video was made 200 years ago, it would be a perfect 1 hour  Edit: ops, my math wasn't mathing property. But im to lazy to fix it.
Anyone else notice the geometry dash motif?
Hey, any science people out there. That "self sustaining nuclear reactor" that gets formed in the Statherian period. The one mentioned at the 37:00 mark. What happened to that?
58:13 was that a reference to Jurassic world?
Why do we want to live so badly
I believe Theia and Pheaton existed who's with me?
39:54 is that a spit take i heard?
What if the Dino's actually built the pyramids? lol jk
When this team’s vision is so good I have a tshirt of ai with its unique designs.
Can you predict if we have a similar pattern that we had on earth seeing an image in telescopes for another planet far away that there could be life right now? Because the image we see in telescope might be from millions years ago.
Where did the water came from?
Woah woah woah woah woah, hey now, hey now! What’s up with the classic Doom music for the Mesoarchean, Ectasian, Stenian, and Tonian period?
Who else watched everything without skipping? I wanted to try and feel the length of the history of the Earth, so I watched it all in one go (even though the first 50 minutes were quite boring...). Thank you for creating this informative video with wonderful animation!! It really helped give me an idea of just how old planet Earth is, and just how young we are.
My only question after watching all of this is, if everything came about from an explosion. How did everything we need to be sustained form if there was nothing that it needed to flourish?
Can anyone tell which software is used ????😉
What kind of joke is this? Seems like still in a learning phase of documentary creation
why does this have 4.4k dislikes this is so good!?!??
How to make this into my wallpaper
why this video look like a cartoon?
How did they know all of that. OMG
What an astonishing project! Truly worth the time and effort put in, an enthralling 63 minutes I wish would go on forever.. Almost time for another birthday! 💞
Did i missed how the water came? Because i cant see any explanation for it in the video
so actually animals and prokaryotes are older than us in the evolution scale. We, humans, are the newest of species!?
Where the rain come from if there was no water
where did the water come from
Am I the only one who wathced till the end?
Anyone knows whats the soundtrack from crateceous 58:47 to the end?
1:00:44 what u doin in my camp bro?
Can we have this one without narration? i love the video and use it to listen at while working. narration can be an distraction sometime.
How about these all are just absurd theories? You don’t know what happened 5000 years ago , you didn’t know these 200 years back , now you’re propagating wild theories, what if all these are far from reality and absurd predictions
is this youtube prestiged ? damn this channel is perfect !
so where did the 100's of millions years rain come from?
Who you calling a bird brain 🧠.😅
Where did all that water 💦 come from?
Can someone add timestamps of where he speaks?
Where's the ice age omg  mammoth saber tooth apes ????
-oh-5, not "zero-5", shouldn't it be?
This is INCREDIBLE! Amazing video! Just curious - are you going to do a version of this, but with just animal history instead of Earth's history?
what a fucking shit of video 🤮🤮🤮🤮
How does it rain for millions of years flooding the earth where exactly did the rain come from lmao
Why does this soundtrack remind me so much of Terraria?? Especially during the Neoarchean period.
45:00 Are you telling me that a species algae invented WHAT?!?
How did water just come from nothing tho
If photosynthesis began before the mesoarchean then why wasn't there any oxygen in the atmosphere at the time?
I wonder if humans were around 200+ millions of years ago. Would we be giant like everything else back then from the abundance of oxygen and so on?
What a spectacular animation video. The soundtrack and information were remarkable. I viewed the *entire* presentation and I'd like to thank all that were involved with it.
Because of the constant meteorit impacts for hundreds of millions of years wasn't the atmosphere full of ash?
anyway you could post all the music from your videos?
i have a question how clouds are formed without water in Eoarchean era?
6 soundtracks were recorded from this video, but there is one more that's missing. The final song is the one near the end of the video, starting at the carboniferous period(55:50). It is my favorite but for some reason they forgot to release it as a soundtrack along with the others?? Did anyone notice this?
Where did the rain came from when there was only lava...
how did this first rain happened ? as there were no water vapours to form clouds so that it can rain.
the birth of lebron james was not mentioned why is this?
how did it freeze in the cryogenian era?
What an amazing concept. I'm gonna watch this every day now lol
Thank you for this video, it was a very nice and relaxing. But I have a question. How did it start raining, where did all that water come from? From space, or was it already under the surface of the earth?
can you post the playlist pls its actually so good
What would HAPPEN if we accidentally blew up the SUN 💀
Where does the first rain come from
But if the Moon would disintegrate if it got too close to Earth, why didn't it disintegrate when it collided with Earth in the Hadean?
can you do another 1h video with another topic?   Some ideas <3 : Pregnancy of a whale  Pregnancy of  a human The Life of the blood cells The life cycle of a star The life and flight of the monarch butterflies
When you realize that half of the timeline of the planet hasn’t even complex life and we didn’t show up until the very last moments, you understand that the story isn’t about us…
Can we have a video like this but for the evolution of humans and technology/civilizations etc? That would be sick.
And where did the rain come from?
So it rained for millions of years?
They said a lot of stuff was a certain age and in years go by and then they claim it's a different age. My kid asked me how could you possibly know for sure how old the Earth is, how is the tested ??
What caused all that rain (how was it able to form) 3.8 billion years ago?
Where did the rain come from?
Why is there acid 10:00 And so many acid formed 12:05
Isn’t Lucy 3.5 million years old though?
Where the rain came from? If there's no water existed in the planet?
Why does it rain and where is the rain coming from. And why is it not forming life on the moon?
Life is thriving. Nothing can go wrong... wait, whats that?
Do they call it BANGiomorphia, Beacause it invented banging?
Why else came from that TikTok???
I thought they still had no idea how water arrived on Earth. How does it rain for millions of years with nothing to evaporate and turn to rain?
Can y'all release a version of this without commentary? The music and atmosphere slaps
who else is trying to fall asleep lol
Can someone tag the artist they are using ? Amazing
but where did the rain come from? at eoarchean time?
Why asteroids on fire, when planet without atmosphere
so. before sideria. when microb absorb sunlight. what is their output? can we still found those organism now? can we recreate this as experiment?
Why is the sun turning into the moon
Who is here from Tik-Tok?
Is 'The floor is lava' one of the oldest games?
How in the world did it rain for millions of years!?🤦🏽🤦🏽🤦🏽
Life..feels…different…Are We For real?
Who came from that TikTok channel??
where's the squirrel and the nut?
Who else here becsuse of that one tt video?
who come from the tiktok guy
Who came here from the tiktok video
How did  it rain if there's no water i though some asteroid that contains water crashed into the earth 🤔
I don't understand if beginning of earth is just lava and heat, so how come there are rain?
I am the only one that saw the tiktok video about this?
i thought it was history of human but its just geology of earth do you have video about human history from the cave man until now?
18:15 Is that a tornado?
can someone make a timelapse of this so it is without the sound
Where did the first rain come from?
I got seeds from this time period when everything started I mean our first life!! this Nano seeds still seems to work become life even after 4.5 billion years how cool is that!?
Heavy asteroid bombardment?? Made of WHAT??
Why is there so much dang arguing in these comments bro
19:30 is that doom music?
Dear Kurzgesagt will be have this in spanish?
Question: Without an atmosphere, how did it rain?
How do we know multi cellular life wasnt earlier than the cambrian explosion? Maybe that was just when skeletons got popular in evolutions (something that can actually survive fossilized long enough geologically for us to discover). Maybe the Cryogenian age encouraged cellular lifeforms to cooperate for survival thus selectively encouraging more and more parasitic copperation and then bam you have multi cellular lifeforms. But those wont leave behind any trace of their existence so what if we have a giant survivorship bias?
why do I feel 4.5 billion years old now:/
Why the moon cooled down faster? It's cause of its size?
what a amazing video with amazing explanation ❤❤😮🤯🤩
So those dinos took millions of years to move?
Where is that GOD part from Indian God Thing
Is this one of the videos with Cinema 4D? because it looks 3D.
Hey, uh, Kurzgesagt, can you make a video about the mass extinctions not just the Chicxulub, please for me?
how is he drawind this? this is incredible
where is the rain initially coming from though
How did we go from the floor is lava to enough water to have oceans? where did the water come from? where we hit with ice meteors?
How do these first ever cells get created. Do they just spawn in when they feel like it or what.
Would love just the soundtrack to this. Whole thing is amazing! The k you for this. Could we get a mix with just the music?
00:08 Earth's History in an hour 06:53 Life begins to emerge and Earth starts forming oceans. 18:41 The era of continents begins and microbes expand in the Mesoarchean era. 29:44 The planet freezes over and ice ages begin for millions of years 39:59 Life evolves and develops on Earth over billions of years. 51:20 Life on Earth evolves and adapts to new environments. 56:03 Life thrives in the Carboniferous and Permian periods, but faces mass extinction in the latter. 1:00:43 Earth is ancient, but humans are new. Crafted by AI ?
Is there anything that you don't make with love and passion?! Thank you so much
Is the Soundtrack going on Spotify? The Hadean song is  so good!
This was amazing. Thank you. Can you do the entire history of the Universe now?
When that mesoarchean Era album drop? 😵🤘🤘
how did life began so early?? Surely life was already present in Tea, ormaybe an asteroid...
Forget about the memes, what if THIS was all that was left of humanity ?
Who created the music for this ? It's so good
Hello, Spanish is my native language and the way you write the numbers does not make sense, in the video the scale is in millions of years, and thousands of these are counted.  How is it possible that thousands of groups of millions are called billions and not thousand of million?
Hi Kurzgesagt! I wanted to ask could you make a video over what would it look like if the EARTH was instead the MOON and the MOON was instead the EARTH?! I watched one of your videos detailing the period of Hadean at which an asteroid the size of Mars hit and some of it formed the moon… so what if more of that Astroid went off? Forming a moon bigger than the Earth? Would the earth orbit the moon instead? Would the Moon take the role and be the planet orbiting the sun? Would there still be life on either planet / what would be the case if the moon and Earth were equally the same size??
Are there similar educational channels with animations like this one? 😔 I discovered this channel just recently, and wished that I knew about it earlier.
Got stuck here in Statherian period probably because of ads, any tips on how to get back to the future?
Why don't u make a series on world history describing all important incidents & the driving force behind
How much money did u make off this video and how much did u spend and how much profit do you make yearly now? (Pls make a video on that I have my own YouTube channel and I’m researching ways to make the best content)
What is the song/melody going from the Cretaceous and onwards? I always come back to listen to this melody/song. It someone can help me I would be gratefull 🙏🏻
And where are all thousands of Gods that managed all these events???
When earth collapses with other objects, it doesn't hit your plane?
Is there science behind this or is it theory?
How do we know all of this??
Is the was an atmosphere in the eoarchean era? How did it rained?
"In the beginning," after the fire, how did it rain... rain comes from clouds, which comes from water... so at that time where would the water had come from to make clouds that have pouring down rain?
Who else watched this on half speed? Still hard to comprehend a million years in a few seconds but gave it that epic dragging feeling!
Why would cyanobacterias release oxygen, the very element needed by complex life. Sounds like Gaia to me.
is it just me realizing the part of my existence on this Earth is just 0.00000000000000000000....1%  ?
Could you make a video of this, but no narration please, this is really calming to watch.
Ok the video is cool and all, but... HOW LONG DID THIS TAKE?
I wonder whether Neil deGrasse Tyson tweeted about this
Could we get earth future in 1 hour?
Do I get a prize for pointing out the glitch at 29:44? ;)  Finding that was just a result of how hypnotizing your video was. Incredible stuff as always!
I have a question about the first eon, wasn't Hades the Greek god of the underworld?
Is the voice spat at 39:45 min? 😂... Great video I lov it.
Can we just appreciate the absolutely awesome soundtrack?
why does this feel like a livestream
so you're telling me that we're all just bacteria with a conscience?
Can someone explain to me where does the Water come from? H2O because there was no O at that time???
Disappointed!  Did it say how water formed and how huge cavities for rivers, seas & oceans formed?
Great video, but how did life come back again after the Asteroid and how long did it take to return ? and how did first human appear ?
Amazing video. I am curious what made rain for so many years continuously to make oceans and cool down the planet earth in making?
watched it all in 1 sitting. proud?
19:16 how ? then what is the water made of ?
The earth is just full of lava now is full of water?
37:07 mind elaborating what that is?
How does it rain when there’s no water to rain
Where does the initial rain come from?   Was their oxygen at this time?   I didn’t think so
why doesn't you tube have rewind and forward by 10 seconds feature...aah it does. .....UPDATE AFTER GOOGLING Keyboard J (back 10) and L (forward 10) Keyboard Arrow Left (back 5) Arrow Right (forward 5)
I wonder how stoned everyone watching this vid is right now
How long it would take the average Joe to catch up with Bezos wealth if he makes the average salary:
Hi, I have a doubt; in approximation, how big would the hydrothermal vents have been?
where does God come in all this and religion since god made earth 6000 years ago?
How do researchers even figure this out?!
9:08 rains but how? Was the water not brought by the asteroids?
Lmao. 55:50 things start to diversify. Almost the entire tineline is bereft of complicated life. Our time period is so tiny too....crazy to think of all the weird things we accomplished. How is it that our brains are so advanced compared to everything else?
What feats will humanity achieve if given the duration of life that the dinosaurs had? Maybe amazing things, maybe galaxy spanning things. Maybe just as much of a history will be left of us as is the dinosaurs, bones, and dust. Only time will tell, and only others will ever know.
8:05 sooo where from does rain come on our(?) lava planet?
I absolutely want more videos like this on youtube!! Does anyone know more of these types of videos?
Where's the asteroid☄ 33:52 (59:47)?
Can you make a video about the next 4,5 billion years in the future?
Who just satt and watched it all in one sitting  👇
1:49 you can see a tooth shaped rock?
Does anyone know where to find the song that plays Permian and onward? Its not on the album for some reason, but its beautiful.
why do bubbles take millions of years to get to the surface in siderian
54:01-54:12 How did it take 11 million years to travel that distance?
Is the whole set by music mountain? Pls give me a name to this massive multi million years set! Phenomenal
Where did the massive bombardment at the beginning come from? Was there a belt in our orbit at the time?
Is this all presented as factual information? The video starts off with an unproven theory of the creation of the moon. No disclaimers for theories? How can we differentiate fact from fiction here, or is this all unknown and just an idea? How complex life "may" have evolved, it should say, probably.
Bill wurtz-all of earth, less detail, 19 mins Kurzgesagt-all of earth, more detail, 1 hr Which one do you take?
But still, where did life come from?
Why does the Mesoarchean soundtrack have such "The Only Thing They Fear is You" from "DOOM Eternal" vibes? What was REALLY going on back then?! 😱
5:40 isnt that the late heavy bombardment???
will we even be here long enough to be considered a blip in the timeline?.. i hope so
how slowly everything changes initially really makes you think about how drastically fast humans have altered the environment- its not meant to change that fast!
Where did the water come from? When it started raining? Did it come from asteroids? Was it already on earth? If the planet was so hot and lava covered the surface, wouldn’t carbon just dominate the atmosphere. Making it impossible for oxygen and hydrogen to survive? Wouldn’t it all just spray into space. Someone explaaaaain. Thank you.
Is there lava waves back when Hadean era?
Why is this making me cry
What is this animated on? This art style is awesome
This is perfect for having in the background when studying, anyone know any other videos with this vibe?
Where is the "Thanks to the cameraman" comment?
Is somebody else listening in his head Right here Right now by Fatboy Slim?
I’m four minutes in… is this going to be a real-time video?
May i please have a genre to search for this kind of music? It is AWESOME to help focus
Ok now from where did the rain come from?
Why is there a giant t rex at the beginning of the Triassic?
Do you guys have a video of all of human history?
Could you dub this video into Spanish please?❤
why my stupid brain thought the earth is an egg, then the astereoids are the sperm
What do you listen to when you study ? ME: well ....
This is probably a really dumb question but if the days were shorter back then, does that mean our planet isn't really that old? Because time is time, whether it's light or dark. Like, 1 hour is 1 hour. But if days were only like 12 hours or something wouldn't that mean... OMG OK. My 2 brain cells are screaming. Nvm. I thought too hard already. Lol. I guess my question is, how would that fact affect how old our planet is?
when you're studying and you just hear "also, organisms have started eating the sun"  Allllsosooooooo..... If photosynthesis is eating light, what would you call eating math/science/nerdiness? Because this video, physics, chemistry and math are what keeps me alive (:
This video is already 3 months old. A lot has happened since. When will you post an updated video?
did anyone elses school in australia show them a video similar in concept to this but much shorter and centred on making the point that aboriginal people lived in australia for 60,000 years? i cant find that video its driving me crazy
how do people just find this shit out..
What if the first organism was from those astroids? And we're really aliens 👀
What if the earth is spinning and the camera is just off the ground.
Oh hi Mark, I didn’t expect you to see I didn’t expect to see you here how’s it going?
Why spend an hour watching this when I can listen to Bill Wurtz for 18 minutes?
But where did the rain come from if we didnt have an atmosphere??
Why the arabic audience are the least you care about? , how come no arabic caption and it is one of the  most spoken languages .
where is the furry dinos TwT
how did 750m years ago  have armour when don't have life???
What the heck is "much hot and comfy" at 7:22? I love this vid but it irritates me every time I hear it
Youtube compression absolutely destroys the Eorchean period because of the rain, orbis that just me?
Did they film this in one big shift or did camera people take turns? 😒 Hopefully they at least got a 30 minute lunch
wait, so im watching the earth cooking?
Can someon explain where the water came from in the eoarchean?
why did I start crying at "we are almost home"
Hey I just wanted to watch something to pass the time, why have I instead gained an appreciation for the development and hardiness of life?? Why am I crying??
Where did the oxygen and hydrogen come from and why was there so much water created?
Neat. But how is anyone really sure that any of this ever even happened?
How do they know we were in a lava hell phase though
Anyone else rocking out to the wicked bass and drums during the Mesoarchean?
what about human history in one hour
I wonder how long it takes to render this animation, this dude probably has GTRTXYZ 108090 PRO MAX GPU to render this
why is this the coolest things i’ve ever watched on youtube
How do they know earth was hit by another planet named thiea if no humans existed at the time to give it a name
I love the  music. Who made it?
Can I find anywhere this song? Like the 1 hour track. It just slaps imo
How did you know all the parts you weren’t there for 🤨
What a thoughtful video. You can feel the time here. Thank you so much for all the videos this channel has made over the years.
Confused. You started the video saying 4.5 BILLION. But the time line starts in the “4 millions”. Is that a typo???
can someone explain to me where the water come from?
39:47 Why does that cloud seem sad?
This activity does not happened on other planets?
How sad it is to see how long it took our earth to get this way, and how fast we’re destroying it
Very cool, but it really does make time feel meaningless, doesn't it?
How can it randomly rain from space ? How was the sky formed ? Doesn’t rain come from the sea and clouds? This is pretty but it’s all cap .
why are people arguing that this is bullshit when there is no proof of god either?💀
1:40. can someone explain to me what is left 4.5billion years ago and how they did they discover it?
Did the moon make lava waves ? 🌊
What a wonderful scale of geological time. Kurzgesagt - don't ever change!
The thing is, who found out the history?
How did it rain without water already being in the earth
How did it just start raining? What caused the rain in the beginning?
how did we get water with no oxygen in the atmosphere 19:24 ?
At the end someone comes and says there is no god 🤓 everything is just a coincidence  God said in the Quran :  Have those who disbelieved not considered that the heavens and the earth were a joined entity, and We separated them and made from water every living thing? Then will they not believe?
How does one even animate this
Why doesn't it have Spanish subtitles? :(
How do we know this? We don’t.
Does the paleoarchean have coral already?
My biggest question of all is how did rain form without water in Eoarchean?
How do we know this is how it happened for sure 🤔
Where’s the water comes from ?
Can someone tell me, how in the Eoarchean period, that Water came from the sky and rained for so long. How did it occur?
Would intelligent life be limited to land if you think about it? Imagine if we were water based, our spaceships would have to be full of water/how would you create stuff if you constantly have to be submerged in water, it would seem an intelligent water/liquid based species would be limited to their planet and handicapped by that liquid in a sense, hope this made sense 😃.
QUICK QUESTION why did it jump from Cretaceous period to Paleogene period with no blackout?
When all earth is lava, where the rains came from?
is it called hadean becase of the greek god hades?
Just by double clicking on screen i travel a millions of years. it's amazing, isn't it?
Honestly, who else fast-forwarded a couple of centuries?
The paleoaerchon time period is underwater right?
The music track is a banger. Do you have it on spotify?
Can u do the entire solar system?
How lava gonna turn into oil 😮it would harden solid
what it is is beautiful. thank you!
Are we talking about the same format of time or length of calendar years just as today when we say 4.5 Billion years ago? If it is, then it is amazing how long it was like millions of years ago when everything around is just only LAVA!😉😊
Yeah but how do pundits deal with infinity  Like what was happening BEFORE the billionaire birth began smart asses?
Why were there fire asteroids hitting the earth!? What were they from another galaxy or what
how was moisture created while the planet was molten and being bombarded by asteroids?  i don't understand how water was created in this environment.
if earth is a hell of lava where did water came from?
How do I leave 10.000 likes?  I DO need to know that... Someone invent it, please!!
What software did you use for the animations?
From what sources is this information from?
YOOOO GUYS WHY DOES THIS VIDEO STILL PLAY WHEN I PRESS THE HOME BUTTON IN A MINIPLAYER?!?!?!?!?
How to make a solar system for living things on earth.
Can someone please explain how we know what happened 4.5 BILLION years ago? I’m curious…
How was there rain so long ago ???? (Just curious)
So are these time frames called eras, periods, ages or what?
What about god thought he made the world ?? Feel like I been lied to 😂😂😂😂😂
How could anybody know that totally impossible
How long did it take to make this? must have been 217 trillion years
So, what was the catalyst for life to split into plants, algae, fungi and animals?
I wonder what other life forms and creatures will be born after this one, this time lapse in one hour just makes me Believe more that all this is an experiment of someone (God, alien's or both)😅 who knows. Awesome video by the way, you just saved me from time traveling and not making it back. Lol
Why didn’t they animate the asteroid? Lazy
HOW THE HELL DO WE KNOW ALL OF THIS?
33:55 the Verdeforte impact right? Or were you talking about the Yarrabubba impact?
How was it made though that's why I m here lol 0:40
in what programm do you animate?
The way life shows up so soon and then sticks it out through all imaginable crap makes me feel that it's an inevitable emergent phenomenon, why wouldn't life emerge automatically on other earth like planets? The physical and chemical processes are all identical. It seems too strange for there not to be life elsewhere in the galaxy and nearly impossible in the whole universe. I mean how unique would earth have to be?
Could you make an abridged version as well that just includes the talking points and which time period they take place in?
Just make this about the 10000 show of the Earth's History?
Is it possible to get a version of this without music or voice over?
Great content as always. But I’m not sure I got how it suddenly started raining after the first 1000.000 years. Where did the water come from?
What an amazing trip to make while eating a pizza in my living room on a rainy evening. I was surprised to hear it took that long for the earth's core to form but I guess there was just too much activity going on down there up until that point for the heavier stuff to settle down.
can you guys make a course on how you make these animations? would be really helpful...
When did I decide I was taking 1h of my day to watch this 😮 now Im 15 min in.. and feel like Im way too invested even to skip some parts! Oh well.. Ill have to postpone watching all the episodes of breaking bad for the third time 😅
do you sell those posters in a smaller book?
Shouldn't the moon rotate in the beginning? IIRC the moon synchronized with earth roration later?
Why do I always get these recommended when I’m not sober😭
So when did god stop by?
I would love to have this as a screensaver.  Does the progressive stages that the earth went through, before life began, show a teological course?
Why does this video need to be 1 hour? 45 min of it are literally useless and repetitive with no narration..
Amazing! Which drone did you use to fly and record for 4.5 Billion years?
What song is used in the cretaceous period? I couldn't find it on epic mountain...
what was the tempeture in the eoarchean chapter?
What are you waiting for like this amazing very very hard worked video
What made the rain start? Absolute amazing video though
13:22 why does it sas 3.6-3.2 billion years ago but then when it continues it says 3593 „Million“ years ago, can someone explain?
Is it 10 hours version insists?
Can someone make sure Ken Ham gets to see this.  I think he'll love it.😂
If this is true, why did the moon had not the same outcome?
Did the narrator voice the 'How it's Made?' tv show? 🤔
What if A.I. did this in just 2 minutes 💀😢
Can this possibly reach 1 billion views?
Who else noticed the moon getting further away?
Why would it start raining if there was no water on earth?
What a cool video idea! And the beats were sick 🤓
How did you get the information from the start of the time
What a treat! Great music as well. Thank you!
So where do saltwater in the sea come from if everything was hard magma before it started to rain?
Innocent question, why this only happen on earth, and not on other near planet like mars...?
9:00 but if there was no water to begin with where did the rain come from?!!  19:15 there’s no oxygen in the air yet but there is water, microorganisms, clouds, rain cycles, gases, (like steam Im assuming) and the probability that photosynthesis may have occurred during that time…? But those all need oxygen don’t they?
How would one measure the passage of “years” without the Earth’s rotation around the sun … ?
How the fck you know all of this?😅
45:00 Yoooooo sex 1 was released, its so good but when will we get sex 2?
I wonder how many tons of space rock must of landed on earth during all that time it was being smashed by meteors😮🤔
how can i have picture-on-picture mode in kurzvesagt, but not on other vids.  But thats great though 😊
Where's the rain come from in 3925 Million Years Ago?
Can I get That on wallpaper engine ?
What was it like to be the cameraman
Is this the best YT video ever created?
Why does it say 4500 million years ago and not billion at the beginning
I wonder how showing this to my earth science and biology high school students would go over.
What bro means when he says ill be on in 5:
Are you planning to do a similar video about human history?
This animated timeline is really neat. Just a quick question - How did it begin to rain at the end of the Hadean period?
Where did the rain come from?!
Whoa what happened at 29:41 ?
Where did the dinosaurs come from??
This is as fantasy as atheists claim the Bible is. So who wins the argument?
Is this what happens when you fund a bunch of Demo Scene Nerds and give them science homework?!  F'n Amazing work.
That's clearly fake, where is the bearded magical man that shat out the earth and pissed out the oceans?
where does the rain come from?
When the Mesoarchean Eternal soundtrack kicks in... You would basically Die immediately in this Atmosphere
Your videos have given me the excuse to watch your vids during school hours as "reasurch" ,and with every new vid i wonder hows the virtual reality game coming along?
Could you guys also make a timeline of humanity this way? I am really curious about this timeline in more detail as well 😁
Dont we have "the history of the entire world i guess" for that?
The thing that gets me… the hardest part to grasp so to speak… All of this had to happen, maybe you could even say this all leads to me here. You there. Today and now.  What are the chances? Why am I here today to experience it? How many other times has this happened??
What is that blue thing at 31:37 ?
What an astonishing overview! I recently delved into this very topic and as such know that there are many more interesting details about each time period, though this tied it together wonderfully. Thank you!
Umm excuse me! Where is the rain coming from at the beginning?
what caused the first cells to enter the planet
4.5 billion years of making this tiny blue dot and we want to get out of it?
where did the water came from?.
anyone knows music or dj that does this kind of music?
It's a miracle we're here. It took a long for the Earth 🌎 to become livable for humans. Life is one big mystery. Why not be kind to each other while we're here?
I don't get it. It's just repetitive music with some animation and a sentence every 5 minutes?
Was that, or was that not, kurtzgesagt?
So, do religious people just ignore this stuff?
What song is at 59:16 please?
What if this was God's pov
What a boring video. Zero info
Where is Theia?It supposed to crash into the Earth a long time ago.
How can everything around me feel ao meaningful when Im rationally not more than a partical of dust.  Amazing video once again!!
Will you make available the amazing soundtrack? 🙏❤️❤️
Will you put out a german version? This would be perfect for a geography lesson in school.
Loved it. Is there a version without narration by chance?
where does the water come from?
Where are the tidal waves of lava after the moon forms.. fake news...lol...
The amount of times in this video alone where he says "we're not sure" is giving just a tiny hint on how much we actually don't know or haven't discovered yet. How much more is left that we have no idea about? Will we be finished with research one day? How many things are there today of which we think we understand them but actually don't?
How can you confirm or deny earths age when carbon dating and its analysis caps out around 50 thousand years accuracy? Just a guess hey?
So really this is the history of the world, i guess?
My small doubt. Mellenials before oxygen forming  in atmosphere how did it rain first ?
All of human history was only a second.  Dyou think l maybe why we haven't met aliens yet that it's because we might be the first self aware intelligent life in the galaxy?
Can you do a similar video for the history of the universe, similar to "Timelapse of the Future" by MelodySheep?
Whata snooze fest. Long pauses for what?!?
Why does the moon become gigantic again in the cretaceous?
Now I’m 100% sure life started in space and just landed here, what is out there?
Could you do a video on the history of humans and cultures?
Can we just talk about how much of a BANGER this soundtrack is?
Can there be a version with just the soundtrack and animations? Could be cool to have playing in the background for a social or something
History of the entire world i guess revamped?
When you’re a billion years into a video and now you’re hooked and have to watch 3 and half billion more 😊
Who did the music? Sounds like a DJ set 👀
Where did the cells come from? I know I'm not the smartest guy out there but come on man how does something more complex then a city just form from rock and lava? Genuine question guys, I'm not trying to be an ass.
is narrator the same guy who narrated national geographic?
What will happen in the future ?
Why do you guys lie about this stuff
i wonder how many times life tried to emerge over and over but something always kept it from happening then finally calmed enough to let life happene
Personally I would have preferred more information and facts throughout. Currently watching the Hadean section. Things you could have said: - explain why the Earth remains so hot and lava covered despite cooling into space. - How much heat is being radiated away, where did it come from, what is the contribution from radioactive materials? - what is the frequency of meteors, how big were they and what were they made from? How much larger is Earth getting throughout this time? - How fast is the moon leaving us, why is it leaving us? - how fast is the moon growing, is it taking most of the impacts and shielding us? - The moon was shown to instantly be tidally locked, how long did this process actually take?
Can someone please tell me how much time was spent on this ONE video
Where can you find the song played in the carboniferous part?
How can we be so sure About that hadean éra ?
Can you upload a version with just the music, so we can listen to it as an ambient sleep track?
Well how do you know this?
Really enjoy this video. Its on my favourites saved now. Thank you very much! Could we get one from like 100,000 bc to the year 3000 ?
29:38 I thought Methane + Oxygen -> Water + CO2 is exothermic. Why does this cool Earth down?
How sick is that Stenain Jam though...
I thought the moon was rotating on it's early days before it got locked. Am I right?
Okay. But, why? Seems like we (humans) will always in the end get back to this question. Why all this? How could all of this happen and exists?
can we have this for wallpaper engine? <3
How rare and beautiful it is to even exist.....
Hole up... Only 20 likes on the video??
Wait, so we weren't created by an already existing all-powerful life form?
Who here watched until the end? v
how the human era is defined?  12000 years seems short since there are homo sapiens much longer than that
What's the point of history when we never learn from it?
Is it weird that the first video I saw on this channel was the one about obliterating the Amazon rainforest with nuclear weapons, and then ending the planet?
Can you please upload a version without music just with the voice and sound effects
What was the music that started in the Cretaceous Period through the end of the video? So good.
Christians be like: where’s the snake?
Why does this look so real
Why did the ice unfreeze randomly in the cryogenian? Just an animation loop miss?
Where to download these amazing soundtracks?
Is there a VR version of this?
Great animation and work. The background music is too much and annoying though. Something a bit softer maybe?
Well I keep on falling asleeep did anyone see Jesus real father?
What a beautiful and captivating video. I consider myself a rather occasional enthusiast of palaeontology, I know even less of what was before the Devonian period  Watched this video through to the end, inspired to learn more, thank you!
What did we do to deserve such a incredible video?
WHAT AN ABSOLUTE JEWEL!!!! Without a doubt, this is one of the best videos on YouTube. Insane.
i wonder what the rain was like during the eoarchean era. was it akin to the rain from a severe thunderstorm or was it even worse than all accounts of rain recorded by humanity?
WHy is the music, animation so good and how do yall get it so factually correct it is so mind boggling. PLUS the fricking music matches all the themes of the eras so well
Nobody going to mention how old the cameraman must be by now?
I thought it was recently proven that earth had two moons after the collision that assimilated in orbit?
what songes are these i need to learn more about rock fusion and how to make music like risk of rain
Can I make this desktop wallpaper?
Why does it begin to rain in the second period
Did @arminvanbuuren made the trancey soundtrack? Its so epic
where did the water that rained in EOARCHEAN come from?
I have a question. In Eoarchean period, did it rain unstoppably, or were there breaks for hours/days/months?
what is it called when you can just stare at a white wall (in this case, this one-hour video nontstop with cool music) without doing nothing, and you just enjoy it nevertheless? because that's what it feels like watching this
how did life "form" tho? it just seems too easy
I wonder how many, if any, supernovas would have lit up in the sky over this time period?
Why don't hicks clean their showers? Because the bacteria was here first, if you don't like it leave.
How did it rain for millions of years, filling the ocean? How is the rain being created and why? Could of put so much more information in this.
But still, where did all the water appear from?
I wonder if this would ever be available without the voiceover? I love the animations and the music, and it would be perfect for studying or working but talking distracts me easily. Thank you, Kurzgesagt!
Getting caught up on the backstory. Is this a good starting point?
Has anyone already complained about the title?  This is almost entirely not HISTORY, right?
Will this Video come on the german channel too?
This is a soundtrack showcase right?
How am I just now discovering this channel
can you plz make some frames of the animation into seamless wallpaper background? They look stunning =)
Can you make a 1 hour video on human history as well. ❤
Is this the guy from How Its Made? If so.. nice.
What an incredable journey! ❤ Thanks for that video! Watched it a least 10 times. Got goosebumps everytime multiple times!
6:53 where did this asteroid come from? 8:37 where did this water come from?
Oh shit I blinked during our era, what did I miss ?
What are all those things falling from the sky in Hadean phase
How many times did Premiere crash trying to export this monstrosity of a project?
Why and how did the moon move away from the early Earth? Why did it stop at the distance from us that it is now?
How can there be rain if there isn’t any water?
at 19:12 you say "there's no oxygen in the atmosphere yet", but according to the video, photosynthesis had existed for a few dozen millions of years by that moment. Shouldn't there be oxygen in the atmosphere then?
Where tf did all the water come from
WHERE THE WATER COME FROM🤨🤨. AND IF WATER COMES FROM CLOUDS WHERE DID THE CLOUDS COME FROM??!??!
This is Genius. What about hour long segments for the more recent periods?
does the music at 35:15 sound like the TMNT theme to anyone else?
ok so when you say  some microbes invent tiny armour do you mean they make tiny armour or evolve tiny armour?
What an incredible experience. I watched and listened to this all the way through in one go and wow. Simply amazing!
What a great Video. Thank you so much for your hard work!
Could it be possible that there was complex life in the Siderian but no archaeological trace is left?
WHERE CAN WE GET THIS SOUNDTRACK ???😍
Can we get a whole album of that Mesoarchean music? That could go so hard
To think we did so much in such a short time… how come no other species could do the same?
What a video! What js your favourite time point? Probably Calymmian for me! 😁
what did take so long to start the explosion of life what was the spark that caused single cells to start developing rapidly
Can someone give me the tl:dr version?
where did thwe music come from?
What this video really puts into perspective is how monumentally tiny human history is compared to the earths It didn’t even fit in one screen and i spent like 20m watching it rain
*raises hand* The moon is continuing to drift away from earth, right? Will we be swallowed by the red dwarf that our sun will become or will it fly off into space first, based on our observations?
How can y'all make this for free without sponsors or ads OMG thanks a lot this channel is the best.
How do you fooking know that is true this is just scientist tentative opinion  They are all lying us
Are there any metalheads in the sound design team? The soundtrack has a @theoceancollective vibe that I absolutely love.
Can you make video in Hindi language please sir ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Can you make video in Hindi please ❤❤
What is that music that starts approx. At 4:00?
1:01:50 what is this song called?
I feel like this is what it must be like to be a god. You look away for a bit to do a chore and suddenly the planet you were watching is covered in water???
How did it rain for the first time without clouds😢
When does the thera impact happen?
Where did the rains come from?  All the water?  It goes from fire to water. How exactly?  Did the water come from the asteroids?
I wonder what the next 4.5 billion years will look like.
Dude, can you travel back and ask the asteroids where they got that boppin music?
where does the rain come from? does the meteor cause the rain?
I absolutely love this but is it possible to get one without the narration?
Shoutout to Bangiomorpha Pubescens! Nobody ever appreciates the guys that lay the groundwork, am I right?
@59:40 Whats that? La-Vos?
08:00 is water in the ocean always salty?
What a beautiful way to show us how insignificant we are in the history of Earth.
Would it be possible to eventually (maybe in a year) reupload this video with the same animation and music, but with some more narration? Some more facts and explanations of the facts would be awesome.
How did the first rain in the eoarchean era begin / happen though?
Why didn’t you show the asteroid impact around 33:00
why is nothing on beat with the music, i see a largely missed creative opportunity here
8:29 "The first cells begin spreading over"  Me, exasperated: in THIS economy??
Is there a way to put this as my desktop wallpaper?
This was beautiful!!! Congrats on 10 years Kurzgesagt! Here’s to many more 🍻 More videos, more successes, more likes and subscribers! You guys deserve it ALL!!!  Would you be willing to do one of these videos for the evolution of human history?
But when the rains started in the Eoarchian era, how did the water get there to begin with?
Is there a way to get an uncompressed render of this? It'd make for a killer desktop background :)
Hi, you're on a rock floating in the middle of space. Some of it's water. Actually, most of it's water. I cant even get from here to there without buying a boat. It's sad. I'm sad. I miss you. How did this happen?
But where did all the rain come from that filled the oceans?
Can I also say? This music goes HARD 🔥
Can we get this condensed to 20 mins? I would love to learn the history of it but don't have an hour to watch 😢
How can it rain in period that earth hadn’t atmosphere and steel low concentration of oxygen?
them single celled organism are pretty unproductive, ey?
Where does the rain, i.e. water, suddenly come from in the Eoarchean period?
what is the music used in the cretaceous period onwards? its soo calming
Something is bugging me, we have Paleocene before Eocene, so why is Eoarchean before Paleoarchean ?? Anyone that could shed a light?
What are the artifacts @29:43?
Was the moon tidal locked from the start? I thought it was locked when it could off but during the time it was hot it had a bigger spin.
How comes this video can be played in the background without YouTube premium membership?
Would it be possible to get a version of this without the narration? Not that I dislike it, far from it, it's just that for the purpose of studying/working, the occasional voice lines are kind of distracting in an otherwise perfect video for background play
But the moon is far older than the earth, how do you account for that?
This is crazy! The amount of work put into this is insane. Great job. How did we learn all of this stuff?
I believe that eukaryotic life is estimated to have begun sometime during the Rhyacian?
Who else loves the bit of the music at 31:39?
This one reminds a lot of Koyaaniqatsi. Is it one of the inspirations for this one, @kurzgesagt ?
When will the 3h director's cut, including the beginning of the universe, be released?
Why does the mesoarchean soundtrack go so hard??? i wasnt expecting that. loved the video!
Do you have version without narrative?
when and where Adam and Eve entered the picture? :)
Where is the prequel to this movie
Will this also be available in German? My son doesn't speak English yet, but loves your videos
How did that take 4 years to make???? It's basically a loop. Could be AI generated even
At percent c should you be traveling, for 4.5 billion years to time dilate to 1 hour?
Anyone else getting Terraria vibes from the Siderian Era?
How about you compile these slides into some 25 or 50 pages of a magazine? The graphics are amazing.
Such a perfect creation with precise planning. I refuse to believe that all of this occurred on its own. Any smart person who thinks otherwise is being brainwashed. God will ask us one day how could we not see?
Are we gonna loose the moon if it's going further away?
Where is the 13.8 Billion Years version ? 😅 Thank you for the amazing work.
Who else here is trying to sleep?
How do you know how old earth is?
What an epic video, thank you for tackling such an unbelievably challenging video! ❤
When y’all making a video game
This truly is an amazing animation, very well done, and thank you! One question though, 19:14 you say there's no oxygen yet. But during the Eoarchean, it rained continuously coupled with lightning storms. The lightning should've produced a decent amount of oxygen from the subsequent electrolysis of the water, right? Since there was no organic material available for fuel/combustion to return the oxygen and hydrogen back into water?
who else is also high and watching this?
Was the bgm made by AI?
When "life begins to eat the sun" through photosynthesis. (18:08) the script then reads later that there is no oxygen... I don't understand. I thought photosynthesis, while not in plants.. would be producing oxygen as a biproduct?
Loved this soundtrack! Where can I find more like this?
How many frames had to be drawn and how long did it take?
next year the 4500000001 follow up?
What a masterpiece!!!!!  I never seen anything like this. Gratitude to everyone at Kurzgesagt for making this happen, and for those of us behind the scenes who are all enjoying it please support their merchandise shop!
Any chance to get this without audio commentary? Just with the magnificent soundtrack?
I missed human history. Did I blink?
@kurzgesagt I'm enjoying the soundtrack so much, but there's one song missing that I'd love to have: that last song that plays from the Carboniferous era up to the end. It's such a beautiful song! Is there somewhere we can download that particular track?
Read the bible, and you’ll realize these are the last days. Jesus is coming back. Who’s side are you on?
Do the hardcore religious nuts report these kind of videos you think?
what a truly original and amazing concept for a video. a true masterpiece. animation: 10 music: 10 narration: 10 (as ever) thank you so much for making this, you guys have really something so special going on over there. this is such an amazing gift it's so great that kids (and adults) nowadays have got an amazing education channel btw, i know i said amazing a lot, it's because i'm so amazed
Hi, you're on a rock, floating in space. Pretty cool. huh?
What a truly spectacular piece of animation and a great way to burn a hour
So you mention each second is approximatly 1.5 million years, at the beginning. Then around 14 minutes you state that the days are faster since earth spins fasters. Are these years based on the rotation of the Earth at this time, or based on our current rotational speed?
This synth pop track is amazing, what is it and where can I get more?
Maybe a stupid question: does not lava needs oxygen to burn?
What a masterpiece. I'm gonna show this to my kids
what is that palogene music i want to download it 😛😛😛😛😋😍😍🤩😘
What an incredible video. Kurzgesagt showed us again that they're one of the best channels on yt! ❤  and the "uhh" at 58:14 felt so random it made me laugh XD
Nice concept... is there a short version though?
Where does the rain come from in eoarchean ?
Wow where do I get this music?
In the mesoarchaen, you say 40'C we'll immediately and its too hot, but can't people survive at 40C with oxygen?
One dumb dumb question: How’s the rain came if the earth was lava hot?
A whole lot of repetition, so how did this take that long to make?
WHAT 4.5 Billion year no way...
29:40 What's with the weird visual glitch?
I wonder if during the period where the floor is lava and the moon was so close by, would there have been lava tidal waves?
When a million years passes in 1 second, and time still feels like it's passing soooooooooooo slow...  It more than puts into perspective how quickly we're warming our planet. What we're doing is beyond reckless...
can we do it in real time next?
What an absolutely beautiful, awe-inspiring video!  It really hammers home just how recent even *multicellular life* is, never mind us!  Thank you so much for making it!
That's the most boring timelapce I've ever seen. Why did U do it in the first place?
This somewhat makes 5 billion years look so short...?
What makes the hairs on my neck stand up is that each million years that goes by in this video, *is* a *million* years (10 of your living years x100 and then x1000). The place we live on is so incomprehensibly ancient and has seen so much before we even strolled off the trees.
This is lovely. Is it possible to find the music somewhere?
I appreciate your effort, good video! I have a question. How did the microbes survive and multiply in boiling water???
Why does mesoatchean sound like DOOM?
What an amazing group of ppl over at Kurzgesagt. Amazing video 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
8:30 Where did water come from??????????
How was everyone's day going?  Tell me anything, have a conversation feel the need to confess. Feels like the place to do so.
Is it only me that gets into this kind of thing in the imagination as we dance in an electronic/techno music concert?
The fact somehow there were living cells during the Eoarchean period gives credence to the panspermia theory. How the heck else could they have gotten there???
HELP! It's driving me nuts that I can't figure out the name of the music that starts at 58:47. This piece was not included in the soundtrack to this video???
Can we just appreciate they music on the background?
How does it rain so much during the Eoarchean period. Where does all the water come from?🤔
amazing work, but one question: didnt they discover dinosaurs had feathers and their tiny hands were wings?
What if this all happened not in millions of years but only in a couple of thousand?
28:00 It's strange but it's evolutionarily beneficial for Cyanobacteria to evolve into aerobic bacteria here to allow the entire system to keep functioning lest the Cyanobacteria lose their stocks of CO2 in the atmosphere to survive. How many planets evolutions stopped right here because oxygen consuming life did not develop and the planet was forever doomed to chemosynthetic life? Never able to fully embrace the diversity possible with chemosynthesis, photosynthesis, and aerobic life?
there is also a animated version of this they did it in 20 minutes how do you feel?
Can anyone give me ans of how first life forms
what's the name of the song played at the end (credits) ?
What a coincidence i watched this video when it is at 4.5m views
Based on time stamp , If Hadean was 4.5-4 Billion years ago so the Intro would've been about 5-6 Billion years ago?
Who did the music for this? Its insanely good!
Absolutely loved this video. It deserves to go into the internet hall of fame. That being said, I was a little confused by the narration saying that we were seeing earth a few billion years ago despite the video saying we were only a few million years into the past. Google also supports that all these ages happened millions, not billions, of years ago. Did I just miss something or is the narration off there?
Wouldn’t the water early on in the planets life be from the asteroids?
Did I watch this from beginning to end? Yes.
Maybe a paid version with more info displayed like the temperature, atmospheric pressure, etc….?
Who else also fast forward to the part where dinosaur is and check them out first??
Here's what I got:  4.5bn years : 1 hour 1 year = 24 x 365.2425 = 8765.82 hours 4.5bn years = 8764.82 * 450000000000 = 39446190000000 hours 39446190000000 hours = 142006284000000000 seconds  ratio 142006284000000000 : 3600 (seconds) (like units) simplifies to 39446190000000 : 1  so every (1) second represents (39446190000000) seconds  39446190000000 seconds = 10957275000 hours = 456553125 days = 1,250,000 years. Why not just bring it down to a nice round 1 million years per second?
how can i download this 1080 :<
Can I get the soundtrack for this video on Spotify?
Is there a version without narration?
Anyway we can get a link to this but with no voice, intro, and outro?
Where did water come from? And how did it cover most of the planet’s surface?
when you're in your background noise mode and suddenly Kurzgesagt says "around this time, organisms have invented sex."
Are you telling me climate change has been a naturally continuous scenario since day one? Who would've guessed
Excellent video. How about taking the most probable hypothesis and make a video on the next 4.5 billion years?
So if oxygen burped out by bacteria reacts with methane to create CO2 and Water that cools the earth down, why don’t we create massive farms of this bacteria to stop global warming?  Surely the use of methonotrophic bacterium can be used to convert masses of methane in atmosphere to co2, which traps 80x less heat per molecule than methane? Can you do a video on this?
feel kinda cheated. 34 mins in an asteroid makes the biggest impact crater on earth, but there's no animation or aftermath for it?
holy shit, a 1 hour long kurzgesagt video??
how to they know what earth way like 4.5 billion years ago but we only on year 2023 dont een make sense dawg gyat
If there’s no oxygen in the atmosphere until even the mesoarchean era, where did all the rain come from ?
why does the theme go so hard bro
Didn't Melody Sheep already do this in 2018?
Okay so did King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard make this soundtrack or did King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard make this soundtrack?
We earthlings have really come far, havent we?
the eoarchean rain is confusing! the cause is not explained... where did water come to earth? was it from asteroids pounding?
I just came back from getting something to snack for 2 minu… 225 Million years. Whad did I miss?
What a masterpiece. And such suitable music.
Why did watching a bunch of rocks and mold make me cry all of the sudden?
Took so many years to make, showed billions of years of earth but it just took me 30 min (because I was watching it in 2X) But dont worry I remember everything. Umm what was the first period again?
was there music 4275 years ago?
Is the track available on Spotify?
When I'm in a 'the floor is lava' competetion and my opponent is the Hadean Period
Couldn't avoid a "The floor is lava", huh?
How about a video on the complete history of our current UNIVERSE? Maybe they are actually working on it!
Who else stopped skipping parts since the Cambridge explosion?
how do i double like something, how do i triple like this, im definetly showing this to my kids
what i dont understand though, is that u explain like 25 min in that earth cools down cus of c02 but rn we says it gets hotter cus of co2 (prob a dumb comment but just wanted to ask)
Is it possible to get a version without the music but still have the sound effects? I'd like it on in the background with my own music over it
What an amazing video, truly this type of thing makes me rethink my life. So happy I got to see this amazing piece of work. Congratulations to all the team.
How could we theoretically kickstart a new planet to becoming alive?
1:00:43  why does the human have blue eyes?
When do you plan to change your name to "Langgesagt"? ;-)
What a wonderful job, thank you very much for this, it is very illustrative, didactic and entertaining....
Are there "YouTube awards"?  This should win something.
why skip when the asteroid hit
When you think of how games are developed this isn't too different. Still impressive to watch it
Which Boiler Room is th… huh?
How do you mean that “aa det gör vi”? Maybe it translates better to something like “of course”, in English?
Kids could learn from this vidios on schools, or maybe study at home?
29:43 AI generated graphics glitch?
What nonsense. Scientists already agree that dinosaurs were here only thousands of years ago, not millions and billions.
Is there any option to download/buy video without the youtube compression? @kurzgesagt
Maybe its rocket science and so I don't understand but I am thrown off by the countdown. It starts at 4543 million years ago instead of 4.5 billion like the title says. Is it trying to say 4,thousand,543 million years?
who else watched the entire thing i mean from beginning to the end, all 1 hour 3 minutes and 30 seconds of it
Okay but what’s the person or people that made the music for this whole video?
reptiles lived longer than us. reptilians still exist today?
I feel like the Boring Billion was a missed opportunity. No depiction of the purple Canfield ocean? Of cyanobacteria and lichens starting to colonize the land? Of the breakup of the supercontinent Rodinia during the Tonian?
How did they animate this in 4 weeks
35:15 anyone else hear any signs of turtle power?
Why does it say "millions" of years ago up in the corner, when the video is still in the billions point? That's a bit confusing.
I wonder what the next second will look like? 🤔
What a BEAUTIFUL video (for SOO many years!)!  The facts, the music, the animation, the quality, the narration, the fact it’s $Free.99!  Thank you for the reminder if not only how cool Earth and geological time and how it relates to humans is; but also thank you for all the hard work you all put in for us to watch this essentially free!
can someone explain why  there's so many asteroids 4B yrs ago but none later on?
I realized something, since life arrived at some point or an other what were bacteria or single cell organism consuming at first? Since it was the first form of life? What were they eating?
Why is the Rhyacian period such a bop tho!?
What kind of idiot would thumbs down this video?   There's 3000+ of them.
At which point the atmosphere was survivable for human to live on? Right after the great oxidation event that finally provide Oxygen?
I got a question: If photosynthesis might have started way before the Great Oxidation Event, then how come those little critters doing the photosynthesis not make oxygen? I thought photosynthesis created oxygen. Was it just such a small amount that it didn't pave the way for more complex life that the Oxidation event did?
Can anyone tell me what he is talking about @37:07 ? What nuclear reactor?
Where is 1 Hour in 4.5 Billion Years? Waiting....
The real question is, how is it even possible to know what happened 4 billion years ago???
omg they animated this for 4.5 billion year!!?!?
Do you have a version of this without the music? I love the commentary, but I have an idea for a music Playlist that would go well with each epoch/eon or whatever
What if the Asteroid was an alien bomb so all the dinosaurs died so we can evolve as an human experiment
I wonder if in german schools they still have this practice that at the last day of school, usually before summer vacations, there is so little to do that most teachers just watch a movie or smth. Most of the time us students wouldn't care much for the movie selection (cause most of them were older than our parents) but just be happy to chill. Now, if THIS were one of the movies, e.g. for biology class, that would have been a different matter. And from what i hear, there already are science teachers here who use Kurzgesagt videos in their classes.
Why did it rain for millions of years? Where did the original water come from?
Can we somewhere get only the animation with music? I need to use while studying. PLEASE
Why do I hear FatBoy Slim - right here, right now ? :D
Could we get a 10 hour version of this? Hopefully you can loop the animation to make it less taxing. I'd play this during longer commutes.
Can we all agree on getting goosebumps as soon as the Cretaceous started? That music. Oddly nastolgic.
Can we have a music-only version please? I love the narration but having just the visuals with music would be awesome for some occasions.
Where does þe heat come from to keep þe earþ molten for 500 million years? The sun surely can't play an important role, since we're living at ca 16° now, not 2000°. Is it all radioactive decay?
where did the water come from?
who the hell are the 2k plus disliking this absolute masterpice...
is that made with blenders grease pencil??
when will scientists ever actually prove earth is 4.5 billion years old?? (they never will because it isnt even close to that old)
is that the one fish from half life 1 at 55:44?
Is there a way to make this available in youtube music, so I can listen to this while driving ?
What's the name of the song towards the end?
What is weird is why it took life so long to show up on Earth...
Is this music on spotify?? I would love to just listen to the music when I'm studying sometime
How in the world is this information collected? How do scientists create such a detailed account?
Could this be made into a side scroller game?
Can you create one for History of mankind and different civilizations since the dawn of men?
What a marvel! Sounds like the Tonian age brought us Tool. :D
Is this the new "history of the entire world, i guess"?
Can we have a version without commentary? 🙏
What I learned from this video is that the earth is flat
This video is a banger through and through  Btw how's the camera lasts that long? what kind of technology the camera has? And who is the cameraman?
Love the channel and educational artworks the team of Kurzgesagt creates. I would love to give this to my kids, but their native language is Dutch. Is it possible you have an expert translate the most popular posters and infographs and present them in another language then English?
What if we saw the Earth as a 4.5 billion year old work of art, and we get the privilege of living in it? :)
why is his voice somehow so calming
since 2019! wow, this video is 5 years old?
So did animals from Jurassic era survive or did everything go?
CHALLENGE!! WHERE IS GOD IN THIS VIDEO?? Can anyone, who believes in GOD or RELIGION, give an explanation about the presence or work of GOD in this entire video??
Making a 1 hour animated video is one thing, also adding entertaining and engaging music to match Damm!  Came for the video and stayed for the music, anyone??
What I learned today: The Mesoarchean period had not much going on, but the music was fire.
This was freaking beautiful. I loved all of this. Reminds me of the VSauce video that ended with like a minute of Earth b-roll footage encompassing the same message, sparing just like two frames for all of humanity.  It makes one wonder, though. What comes in the next hour?
When I thought will we get any 1 hour video ever from Kurzgesagt boom here we have this!!! Love every moment of this video
Should I do shrooms to this !?
How come no one is acknowledging this banger soundtrack??
why tell us about the worlds biggest crater structure and no animate the rock hitting us
when is the lofi study music channel coming?
it's 1 in the morning, what am i doing?
Can we please take time to appreciate this banging Magnum Opus of a soundtrack? Such a great vibe.
Does the narrator spit at 39:53?
What a wonderful animation! Thanks for making it!
Why i can watch this video on PiP mode without YouTube premium?
What if time-traveling aliens seeded Earth with life a few billion years ago and they're periodically checking in to see if intelligence has emerged except they can't be bothered to set the time machine for every millennium because that would be like 3 million stops, so they just check in every 25 million years or so but they didn't expect apes to go from flinging poop to destroying their own planet so fast? From their perspective, they just watched a monkey eating a bug, pushed the button for the next stop, and oh no! Everyone's dead. They're like, Oh man! It's going to take forever for these irradiated cockroaches to do anything interesting. Push the button, Frank.
What a cool and instructive video!! Love it!
So if earth was just lava for that long… was it a star? Isn’t the sun just lava also?
We all are taught rains are formed due to the water cycle, water evapoarates from the ocean into the clouds and rains back into the ocean. Then how come in the Eoarchean period it rained for centuries?  Where did that water come from?
Interesting that, in the grand scheme of things, it wasn't very long after predation was invented that multicellularity became widespread. Perhaps multicellularity itself isn't a hard step, but predation is?
Is there a shorter version with all text narrator says? Because this one is showing scale properly I guess, but is quite boring to watch.
Hey Kurzgesagt, I can’t beat the first level of your VR game 😢 is this a skill issue?
What is with the sound track?! 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Is this FREE??? am i watching it for REAL??? ITS SO BEAUTIFUL... LOVE your TEAM EFFORT....❤❤👌👌
Who produced the music on this? This is impeccable!
I am asking for may 6 year old son: When is coming the german version of this brilliant video?
Can you please make a video about white holes ? I'm really curious to know what it is
Why did the Mesoarchean music sound like doom music? XD
Every era: THIS MASSIVE THING TIPPED THE SCALE AND CHANGED EVERYTHING Stenian: Have you heard of fungal sex?
How was there water if there wasn’t any oxygen yet in the atmosphere?
So... Anatomically modern homo sapiens, are thought to have first appeared 200,000 years ago, roughly... So...  In a video where we pretend the history of the planet is covered in 1 hour... Our 200,000 year existence is literally barely over 1/10th of a second long.  We really are just nothing in the grand picture of the universe aren't we?
It's like watching the TV at the TV shop with just 15% commentary and people are still liking it??
Why don't dinosaurs have feathers 😢 Nevertheless, the video is great
Can we all take a moment to recognise the banging soundtrack? "Ur My Crush" that plays during Rhyacian and Orosirian is so good it should probably be banned in a dozen countries.
Why was oxygen needed for more complex life? Why couldn't life evolve with only CO2?
Are you gonna update this in a billion years?
think you could make a polish channel?
This is lovely! But what happened before the lava stage? How did the solar system start gathering lava rings to make planets?
Is there a version without the voice? Or at least a music version of this? This is excellent background audio/video for work, but voice can be distracting.
Hey, will you release this beast of a soundtrack in any medium (e.g. Spotify)?
history of the entire world, i guess?
Could this video possibly be the longest animated sequence shot ever created? The Guiness Book needs to be consulted! 😎 (thank you for amazing work)
Wait are you saying it took millions of years just for one little meteor thing to hit earth?
once one may create such a great image of editing and story telling and then shares this video content.. sorry to say this but i was expecting a much better video for this topic... this is just moving slide running for 15 mins... why wasting so much time of the viewers?
What an experience! Thank you so much.
Why kurzgesagt videos can be viewed in the background with the yt app and others not?
History of humanity is too short compared to the age of earth, yet we have already developed the power to destroy the earth hundreds of times. What more can i say?
What kind of genre is the music for the Mesoarchean?  Cause it's metal af.  It's not quite djent, it's not synth.  I want it in my rotation but need to know what to look for.  Specific artist suggestions would be great.
What an astonishing video! Thanks for the great toil in making this stupendous masterpiece.
Hard to believe humans have only been around for about 300000 years. Not even a half a million. And in that time we only became interesting around 10000 years ago when we made major steps like Fire and Farming. The really interesting stuff happened in the late 1800s early 1900s when we became able to make motors and machines to harness energy released from burning stuff. Then we were able to make complex machines to manufacture other things and around the 1940s we were able to make calculation machines (computers) which allowed us to store and manipulate data. It is moving faster at ever increasing intervals that we will double our tech in less and less time where it will explode again. Hard to imagine what will come after the next explosion. Will the earth move move beyond carbon animals into a mechanical life form or will we get hit by another rock?
Amazing!❤ But I have two questions: Why did the earth cool down and why did it start raining? Where did the H²O come from?
Can I get the background music track ID??
What a phenomenal work of art! Every single one of you knocked it outta the park! Excellent job, and looking forward to ten more years of amazing, informative, entertaining, and brilliant content from you.
can you make a 4.5 billion year long video so i can watch everything unfold in real time?
All the comments it's a about animation and not the actual history. I get it.. It's basically just a music video.. Also, that's how humans are . Am I the only who thought I could learn something coming to this video ??
I really enjoyed this!! Could you make that same style video for all of “Life’s History” and/or “Human History”?
Awesome video, as always!  Question: during the Hadean period , Earth was bombarded with asteroids. During the Eoarchean period , it rained  for millions of years. What is the origin of this water?
If the Earth comes snowball period, and the Sun happened to get old, expanded, hotter. Will the snowball resist the sun light heating?
Who's here from Logically Explained?
I’ve been asleep for the last 1.3 billions years, last I remember we were leaving the Hadian, could some one can’t me up?
Who ever made this video probably made the the marvel movies… I can’t lie I just spent the last 2 days watching this on my lunch break not disappointed what so ever.
How the hell is this free
What is the genre name of this type of music?
I probably skipped past most of what you said. Can you please remake this with just the talking parts edited together?
How the hell am i able to minimize this as a small screen while i cajt do this with any other yt video?
how can it rain when there's no water to form a cloud?
How This Mind blowing Piece of Animation and Beautiful Music and sound design of ONE HOUR is sitting here free on youtube is beyond me. Mad Props to the entire team of Kurzgesagt for this.👏👏👏
Can someone explain how it first started raining during the Eoarchean period? Where did this rain come from? Where did the hydration come from?
Is cameraman pre-modern human? Because his patience and ability to not accelerate is legendary
Why did you make the first photosynthesis green instead of purple. Did you forget the purple earth
What a great illustration about earth, our time is just tiny seconds of earth lifetime.
Who knew the mesoarchean period was so metal. 🤘🏻🤘🏻
22:49 is that a twister?
What a load of crap lol!
Anyone else blown away by the music?
Is there anyway to listen/purchase the audio only?
How did he fit so much time into an hour? That’s not how it works
Some reason youtube allows me on ios to watch this video in mini-player on home screen no premium is it because it’s one hour long?
Assuming we don't go extinct or kill ourselves, I can't imagine where we would be once humanity lived for just 10 seconds in his timeline. Just look at what humans have accomplished and discovered in half a second. If an average human from 10 million years in the future visits 2023, we would think it's God - or will the individual even still be considered human?
what do you think about vsauce?
Wait.. we think life started, like, the SECOND it was possible? Like, floors not lava anymore and BAM?
Can someone make this into a TV screensaver somehow?
Did you notice that at about 29:43, it glitches?
Can this kind of work (1 entire hour of animation) be done by AI in the future?
I just LOVE the soundtrack for the Mesoarchean, anyone know the name of the song?
Can I hit the like button 4.5 billion times?
I asked for some mini history, but this is wonderful. When did production time begin?
Where all this rain in Eoarchean came from?
Where does the rain in the Eoarchean come from?
what an amazing video, thank u so much!
So how do I get ahold of these soundtracks?
What a frigging masterpiece! Thanks to all the team for the endless effort that this must have taken! 👏
@kurzgesagt Is the music from this available on Spotify?
How come I'm able to watch this video in a minimized window although I don't have YT premium?
So if the Earth's orbit changes speed and a year is one orbit...is "4.5 bil" years all 365 days long or is there a ratio/fluntuation calculated for?
What an absolute masterpiece! Well done to all involved in making this. A lot of love clearly went into it and it truly shows!
can we think about what the bible thinks how the earth was made? the story goes with science less god. and more believing the world was made with the big bang, but nothing can be make with nothing,
Where can I get a playlist of the "sounds of earth"?
When they uncover the great brown stain where San Francisco used to be they will call it the Anthro-poo-scene,
Wouldnt evolution time of the earth go slower if the video was sped up?
Wow! Gods miricle sure is grand! Whyd you make it so long though?
Did you know that time passes slower the faster you move?
7:15 does that mean the "goldilocks zone" would of been more skewed towards Venus at this time?
is there a music and commentary free version? like only the sound effects and video?
What a wonderful way celebrating the 10 year anniversary of the Channel... as usual a great video. Congrats with the 10 years! 🎉
How do ye come up with these ideas 👏 👏 👏
Who here watched the entire 4.5 billion years? hell ya kurzgesagt!!
on the 29:44 there is a visual glitch y?
history of the entire world i guess?
Someone know the name of the ending music ?
Why is in the video top right corner written "million"? I'm confused...
Is this a parody of bill wurtz "history of the entire world, i guess"?
Can you make an option to choose audio with only music, without the commentary? I find the video and music great as a background for studying and/or working, but the commentary distracts me (even though I love it I'd appreciate an option to switch it off)
Is this narrated by the same person as 'How its made'?
What a video! Hats off to you guys! Btw, I blinked and missed 😀
Is this the reason the rest of their video ideas have been lackluster? or is it just the big corperate funding going to work?
Where did all the rain in the EOARCHEAN age come from?
You sure that's how the moon got there?
What a master piece and party for my mind
I wonder how many meetings the gods had to have in order to get to the point where life finally was made, evolved and diversified.
What actually gets me the most is that on the youtube timeline, life as we know it, even the dinosaurs are found only at the very end, a very small fraction of the entire timeline. Makes me appreciate how special we are.
For hundreds of millions of years there is nothing but lava and the  suddenly it rains for millions of years? Where did that water come from?
Who was in the Studio? They did a great Job
So... Just a second ago we appeared and now earth is a mess thanks to the 1% of humans?
What is the song they used for the tonian period?
Could you do a history of centralized banking?
Hey wonderful work! Is there a way to have access to the music on any form? Spotify &/or Deezer?
Where did rain came from? Where did first organisms came from?
If this video consist of many animations stiched together, how they do it so smoothly? And if it’s actually one continous animation, just how big is the project file is?
90% of earth's history - nothing really happens besides geology and single cell organisms. ~9.99998% remaining - the entire history of multi-cellular life before humans. 0.022% - Entire human evolution and all of human history. 0.00022% - history of human civilization since 10000 years ago.  If you keep following that it seems so obvious to me that rate of important events is so high today and still accelerating that we're basically living in singularity from evolution perspective. All of human inventions happen in a less than a millisecond of this video.  Skip ahead 1 second (1 million years!) and what we will see?  Type 3 civilization spread around universe populated by planet sized super intelligent beings? But more likely something our primitive minds can't comprehend yet?
As he said~~~EXPERIMENTAL EDITION as HOW can they PROVE this?
could you make a video with music only and background?
Can we also have a version without any comment? For a sublime experience.
I need a 4.5 billions years extended version.   Is it even possible to make a video so long?
Can we just take a moment to appreciate the music? Not only did they make an amazing animation for over an hour, they also composed good music for it. Kurzgesagt are such champions
if you dont mind me asking what is the song used in the mesoarchean?
How are meteor possibile when there was no Atmosphere?
7:12 "[...] our sun is 30% less bright than it is today, but there are still so many greenhouse gasses that it is still much hot and comfy" ?
I wonder where from big rainy clouds appeared in Eoarchean so they created all Earth’s oceans? Before that here was only lava… 🤔
The floor is lava... you had to say it right?
Is this inspired by/in collaboration with the Deep Time Walk?
1 hour looks too long maybe 5 min better?
This 1 hour timeline was amazing. How about more videos like that but with details about each period?
Where did that first rain came from?
Can we have the none Audio and without the Top-Right text version of this video? it would be Fantastic Background video...
Do you have any videos on The Standard Model of particle physics?  or plans for making videos about it?
Why is this so relaxing to watch 😅
but how did first rain happen ?
Do i hear some influences from Extrawelt? 😍
Towards the end there, the music seems to be a modified version of "The Human Era" - will that specific version be available anywhere to listen to soon?
Where does the rain come from in the Eoarchean? From the asteroids?
39:50 The narrator just spat? Wut?!?
Where did all the rain come from? For the first millions years there was no rain and then suddenly it started raining. Was it because it was too hot for the water to condense into rain? This is a lot of water, and I don't think it could have all been hanging out in the sky as water vapour. Then the earth would have been completely covered in clouds.
What proof is there it’s 4.5 billion years old? Oh wait there is none. Cool vid tho. Genesis is there for a more accurate telling of earth’s history.
Did anyone get emotional especially at the end? When the narrator says "It's our time now. We're almost home." Goosebumps. Such an amazing video.
What a bad idea for a video. A video that invites you not to watch it.
What a journey! What an effort! Kudos and Congratulations ❤ Keep it up🤘
how earth 4.5 billions years.? what's the basis? how they come up 4.5b? how they know we are the 1st?
theres no way that nothing in this video is looped, right?
I wonder how much extra mass the earth gained from all the asteroid impacts over so many years, borh by water and rock.
What an experience. I would really like to imagine that for the music they just jammed an hour straight
Interesting. In the origin of oceans part, it is just said, it rained for millions of years. But it didnt dedicate enough time to cover the sky and clouds formation around that time period. We learn rain is the mechanism via water is recycled back into our environment(the water cycle). But in the beginning, Earth had hardly any water , only lava. How such enormous volume of water got condensed and rained always baffles me. From what i can find, the water is from other external sources, not of Earth origin. This explains how life is seeded on Earth, as your previous video beautifully illustrated. But it is very hard to imagine, what is the reservoir up there in the atmosphere, that poured non-stop for millions of years.   And another thing that still eludes my understanding is, how the continents emerged from the depths of the ocean and rose above the mean sea level. Does the earth crust colliding and subducting against each other pushed a huge chunk above the sea level?
Could we have version with voiceover ? just so i can put it in loop while i work ?  Amazing work, loved it <3
39:54 did the narrator just spit or am i tripping ?
Can you make a narration free version
Can anyone pls let me abt the quality of their posters. Looking to buy one for my friend.
Why no sun (sunrise/set/any motion) in the hadean phase?
Can we start getting the intro back ?
Now for the depressing part.. how many minutes of the video are left until photosynthesis becomes impossible?
So when do stands get introduced?
If you could understand how every current flowed, could you understand how every being thought?
What an incredible achievement. Thank you for all the hard work, Kurzgesagt.
What a finely tuned place for life, even the earth needed some time to get it together
bur when do the transformers arrive?
where is hallucigenia in Cambrian period? I want my First Titan.
Im sorry I love these videos so much but this just left me with more questions like whare did the largest astrod hit? I know the one that took out the dinosaurs is around Mexico but what's this about the largest astrod?
Do they give out awards for best video of the year? If so everyone else who won it before needs to throw out their trophies because this surpasses them all. 🏆
This video is not exactly what I was expecting. Would it be asking too much to expect a something different every second for the entire hour of animation?
This video is too fast. Can you make it again, but in real time?
41:39 THE OCEAN'S WHAT??
Who was in the Studio 👌🏾😩🎶  *waits through the credits* oh ok :p
Was there a night during hadean period, and if so, would there be any igneous formations that would form and melt again in the additional morning heat, or was the whole spinny spinny day n night dance not a thing yet?
There seems to be a rendering glitch at 29:43?
Wait, if there was no oxigen in the atmosphere in the mesoarchean, how did it rain in the eoarchean if water is made of oxigen and hidrogen?
How come sex has been around for one billion years if I never had it
This is so cool! But why does it say “million year ago” at the top in the count down, when you are saying “Billion years ago”?
3:47 why did the music just randomly go hard?
Earth is 4.5 billion years old  Says who? Based upon what?
Why is this 1 hour long video only 5 minutes long ?
How do you know the sky was orange between 1'425'000'000 years ago and 1'015'000'000 years ago? 🤔
what about the polarian and hyperbolean epochs?
Why does the mesoarchean song sound like the doom theme😂
Am i the only one going through an existential, crisis because of this now?
How long did this take to animate yall sre amazing man 😭😭😭
Why did the music choreographer go so hard during the mesoarchean era 😭
can you upload a version of this with the commentary removed? the imagery and music alone are super chill and perfect for background noise
Can’t help noticing you say billion and in the upper right is written million. It’s a big difference. Which one is it?
why am I so late😢 i turn on notification to all but i was busy all that time i didn’t see this sooner when i was having difficulties day before yesterday
can you please upload a version with more environmental sound effects and music but without commentary?
34:00 why did you mention the asteroid but didnt display it?
How does this exist FOR FREE??
Does the narrator spit at 39:54?
why is no one talking about how fire the soundtrack is??
Who would have guessed the Mesoarchan era of earth was so METAL! 20 minute marker
What a perfect ending of the video. It truly made me realise how short we've been here. Thank you all so much!
I am curious how do we know the exact stages of earth and its condition? is it from deep layer of ice in antartica?
I only counted 3 mass extinction events i thought there were 5  The 1 after the cambrian  The great dying in pre the Triassic The one they killed the dinos where did i miss two?
So the oxidation event created co2 which cooled the planet... I'm confused I thought co2 warms the planet?
Is there a version without the narrator? I could totally see myself putting this in the background in a TV hanging out with friends
What did we do to deserve an hour long video from kurzgesagt. Thank you for your outstanding work!!
Why is nobody talking about the music! A whole album has just been created for this video. Truely amazing!!
I'd love to have this as my wallpaper. Is someone able to do it on Wallpaper Engine??
Has anyone else seen this on *stuff*? Magical.
When Aliens come to earth and want to know how we came to be we will show them this.
Hey guys I'm almost at 65 million years left to go and I'm gonna go get a drink, can you watch the dinosaurs for me?
wait, there wasnt a iceage after dinossaurs asteroid?
"Life ... uh ... finds a way" - Love the Ian Malcom reference. And love the video. Learned a few new things today! If the Earth's inner core only formed a bit more than a billion years ago, does that mean the magnetic field has only been around for about that long?
Could someone make a video explaining how we found/proved every knowledge in historic time?
I love this video ! I am currently at the 1 billion mark and I have 1 question: how long did it take you to animate this?
Are we not gonna talk about how kickass this music is???
Anyone else waiting for him to congratulate you for watching a second time so you can feel good about yourself for a brief few million years again?
why there's a random glitch at 29:43
Why did you keep showing the same scenes over and over? It was boring. But I can't say it wasn't educational. Anyway, good job 👍
So algae was the first to have an orgasm on planet earth?
Can you do a version with no speech at all ?
Can you do all history in mars
Did you get tool to write the soundtrack to this?
Why just earth and moon aren't merging... Because they seem so close..
How humans should eat a humble pie video
When you think nothing really "novel" can be invented, you come up with things like this. Thank you for the ride.
Where does God play a role in all this?
Wait I have doubts. So, in the very early times (around 3.5B years ago) the days were shorter. Then how did you clued the time? I mean how you calculate it is 3.5B years. And those years are dependent on days which used to be shorter. Now upon what the time is calculated? Is it 24 hours or what?
Wait, what? "Much hot and comfy?" Is that a meme that I'm unfamiliar with?
Can we please get a download link for this? I want to put this on screen at some places, where internet is a bit tricky, and a direct link from the beamer to YT isn't possible.
2:12 why is the moon si big ij the background?
can you guys please turn this into a screensaver
can we please take a moment and appreciate the amazing music epic mountain created for this stunning artwork?
You've been working on this since 2019?!?! AKA 4 years ago??
I wonder what is left of the hadeon considering he said almost nothing remains
How oxygen existed at that time? 1:30
In Mesoarchean if there's water on the surface and steaming water on top shouldn't there be hydrogen and oxygen in the atmosphere from the breakdown of water?
When I start doing something with this in the background I focus so much I don't even hear what the narrator said, just a few seconds later I'm like "did he said something new?" and I have to rewind it to see if I missed something. My brain just can't focus on both at the same time lol
The music is great! Who made it?
Can we get the music please?
Why life only started once on Earth?🤔
"still much hot and comfy" ??? is this an AI or something ???
Do you want to watch incredible videos?
How can u be so talented Kurzgesagt?????lOVE u
but out of what did earth get born?
Can someone tell me where all that water comes from after earth was a cooking sea of lava for 500 million years. And afterwards it rains for several million years. But how?
Is that Terraria music around 52 minutes in?! Hahaha
This is my new 'The War Of The Worlds'! Can we get a music and background sounds version?
When I was awakened after the surgery it happened, I couldn't move my legs properly and didn't feel it any more, so the problem with watering could not be solved until today, I had to use roughly 1 in 2000 Countless Rehas have been standing since then, but at some point I had no pleasure anymore and I started to find out that I had to go on support for my life. I was lucky and had found a woman who was also cautious and we got married in 2016. A year later, my father, while I was sitting at his hospital bed, died exactly on my 1st floor. Wedding day, on cancer. The second great depression of my life. By 2020 my mother had a stroke at work, at any rate it was believed at that time, I decided to walk with her in September 2020 the same time, it was difficult to see. My mother left the Reha after 3 weeks, I stayed two more weeks, she didn't like me all the time at all, she was somehow forgotten.
Earth really doing on ehell of cultivation isn't it?
i wonder if we went around the world
Will there be a version with only bagground music?😅
WHO was in the studio???????  Edit: Since 2019 is crazy, this is a special video <3
Can you guys make a video explaining human evolution from start to now? Like from the first microorganism, to the first multi-celled organism, the first time an organism saw it fit that it needed a partner and genders evolved, the first time a creature evolved eyes, and taste and why that would have had to happen, how the subtle differences that define evolution go unnoticed for generations etc…
Does anyone know what the soundtrack at 58:47 is called?
WHO THE HELL PUT INTERMISSIONS INTO SPONSORBLOCK????? STOP. THE WHOLE POINT IS TO WATCH THE TIMELAPSE
Can you release this as Screensaver/Desktop Background for Windows / macOS? ❤
How can i get the background music?
Love the format, love the music! I definitely get some 'Tool'-vibes in the Tonian era:)  Maybe '13.8 Billion Years in 1 Hour' next?
How insane would it be to make one of these for traveling to the end of the solar system 😧
Could you guys do a video on the history of all humanity? I know its a bit different from the regular content but I feel like it would make history so much more interesting for a lot of us.
So if we put 4.5 billion years in 1 hour,humans just existing  less than a minute?
Shouldn't it be called Langgesagt?
Who said time travel is not possible. Just came from 4.5 billion years ago and back.
Would the animating or the research be the most time intensive task?
How? How did you make me commit to what so early on shows to be a looooot of waiting?
What excellent timing. I just started a module on origin of life at my uni!!
WHEN DID MITOCHONDRIA BECAME THE POWERHOUSE OF CELL?
Who else watched the 1 hour non stop because it was soo good 😂
What an amazing video. I'm so glad you didn't slow down time as you got closer to today. Its crazy to think how long everything took to happen while ALL of human history was within the last 2 seconds. It highlights that the fact that over a long enough time period the most "impossible" odds can be defeated.
how can someone hit the dislike button on a masterpiece like this
Did this episode talk about global warming? 😜. Im only at 1 billion years so far. 🤪
For the first time in months I got a good nights sleep listening to this. Thank you more than you can imagine. Also why do almost all YouTube videos have a 10% like to view rate?
When he said "We are almost home" Its really hit me hard and all of a sudden my tears burst out
what a relaxing watch this was =w= <3
How is it that I was able to watch this entire thing without a single ad?
51:20 Didn't a past video about Earth getting knocked off its orbit say that geothermal energy would keep microbes alive for millions of years?
What a refreshing content it is
45:00  Ah, isn't it nice how that turned out?
Really kind of explains the fermi paradox when you look at this. even if every system had life, what are the odds they'd have methods of communication capatible with us at the same time?
I need this music... can it be bought or downloaded anywhere?
So god didnt make earth 6000 years ago???
What an incredible video guys! Well done, you 4th dimensional beings from Kurzgesagt! PS: After watching the entire journey, the video excels on something so valuable that we often ignore: how little our time has been on this planet. Incredible.
Was about to look in the comments and then I thought “what if there’s spoilers?” And then realised this is literally everything that has already happened on our planet
What exactly caused all the rain after the lava evolution?
Did I hear a bit of doom slayer in the background music during the Mesoarchean?
What about the boredom encompassed in those 4.5 billion years?
Wait: 45:05, what did you say invented sex?
When they tell us we're going to destroy the world through our emissions, just know that we don't have 1st dibs. Cyanobacterias have us beat 2.5 billion years early and made their own mass extinction.   Almost all of the species that have ever walked the earth have died. If we did, we would just be another over eager species that grew too much and altered our environment too heavily that we couldn't live in it anymore. Gone in the blink of an eye just like an astroid impact.
Racist Kuzgurat again here we go.. SUPERCONTINENT COLUMBIA?!?!? Wtf are you Europeans up to with this bs. Wasn’t the first supercontinent called PANGEA?
This is really great but it got me thinking. How good this would be if i watch while i high?
Why does the Mesoarchean music go so hard?
How Flatearther FAIL to explain CREATION FLAT EARTH
Was the moon tidally locked from day one? I understand some artistic license is necessary for the time lapse (it doesn't rise or set either), but a spinning moon would have been an interesting thing to see since it's not our usual experience.
Why is the landmass with soil in orosirian period but is covered with mountains in calymmian period
Is the sun a deadly laser?
51:50 am I the pnly one hearing terraria ice biome here?
Fantastic video. Very zen music accompaniment. I do have a question: Was the choice to show most dinosaurs without feathers borne out of wanting to stick to the common image that the layman has of dinosaurs, because how the feather coverage was unsure, or because the science is still out? Or was there some other reason?
Is that Doom I hear in the Mesoarchean..? 😂
I blinked. What did I miss?
In the corner, it says a million years ago.. should that say a billion years ago...?
What stopped all the water from evaporating when it was still "extremely hot"? Intense pressure?
From where hundreds of years of continued rain without atmosphere  ?
Why does the soundtrack for this video sound straight out of Payday 2? Starbreeze, get in this! Also Amazing video!
What a brilliant show. Shows us just how long Earth's history is.
During the Cryogenian, could microbes simply have went into stasis due to the cold ? Could this example the survival of life ? Or life perished in all but the warmest areas during the Cryogenian period?
i dont like this why u do this like that boring??
Ok he is saying 4.5 billion years ago but the thing in the top right says millions. Like am I missing something?
Why is this an hour long there's so much of the same thing
What a perspective. 4 billion years and 50+ minutes of video no visible life. Crazy
But where does god come in?
Who needs an hourglass when this video exists
Is super nice what you've done. But why not put up a temperature graph with a CO2 graph and some other statistics ? Like O2 concentration and other info-graphics, is is so bland and would have made so much more sense and inform better on the evolution of it all, thanks
I tried to aleep to this, but the music is annoying. Can you guys do a version with calmer music?
19:55 Does the Mesoarchean Djents?
when the computer didn't show the day and night cycle 365 million times a second, I was very disappointed.
I want this on a loop as my desktop wallpaper. Is there a chance you can make it in Wallpaper Engine?
What more can I do than comment, like and watch? This is great!
Does every employee from Kurzgesagt get to pick a birb as avatar?
What a concept! You are brilliant guys
Has anyone seen any Easter eggs in this?
Can we get a version where there is no voice over? The voices get a bit distracting while having this on another monitor. And I would like to hear just the music with the effects if that is possible.
The fireballs/asteroid/meteor took million of years to drop? How slow were they?
what about a future of the solar system in 1 hour
What a brilliant idea for a video!!! Very nice watching it while working!!!
No word of mass extinction of life due to all then toxic oxygen byproduct of new bacteria and the induced ice age?
Did anyone else catch how every beat of the music was 1 million years?
What a great video! My little brain just isn't wired this way to fully comprehend such big numbers. I can't even imagine 1000 years. Each frame would be something like 21032 years (4543mil \ (3600sec*60fps)). Some events took faster than that.
Would you consider make something like that while adding some commentary? It would be cool! :)
Okay but how did you guys make it so if I leave the app the video window is still open? I thought that's an exclusive youtube premium thingy?
Could you guys please make a vid about lately extint animals?🙏
10 hour version when?  Serious question - can we have a 10 hour version?
Why only english subtitles😢 this super amazing🎉
The past had some sick beats as background music. I wonder where those went?
You guys do realise that they used a Time Machine to go back, set up some cameras, and used a cartoon filter for this video?
What an amazing concept, I've spent the time between periods looking up the cool stuff you talked about on wikipedia.
Has it really only been 10 years? I feel like I'm watching your videos forever already. Much much thanks to all those amazing videos you brought out over the years. I loved every single one of them! <3
Can we consider this to be the sequel to "the entire history of the world I guess" ?
Is there a atmosphere with oxygen already at the Hadeon era? Because I thought meteorites burned from the oxygen in the atmosphere. When was the atmosphere created and have we always had oxygen not just co2? Why do meteorites burn?
where did all the water came to form the rain?
HOW IS THIS FREE 😭 KURZGESAGT THANK YOU ❤❤❤❤❤
When Moon is made of Earth, why it doesn't contain water and atmosphere in the same form? Did the Earth's gravity suck all the water vapor and atmosphere from the Moon?
I would be curious to see the potential shifts and changes that have happened, continuing with a primary planet based perspective, during our Quaternay period.   Like, have things really not changed much on those significant scales of land and species evolution during our age compared to the past?  Like, yes, I get that we are "new" but that doesn't mean that our impact on the Earth hasn't been significant enough to warrant mentions along the planetary time-line... right?
I don't undestand how mamals were made. Can anyone explain pls?
I wonder how long the whole strip would be, that slides past in the video. That would be a nice poster! Edit.: Calculated it: It takes about 12 seconds for a screen to slipe past. in one Hour that makes 300 screens. With my normally sized computer monitor, that makes a strip about 120m long.
does this soundtrack get uploaded on spotify ?
So the question still exists, what dying planet did we come from?
I wonder how large the memory card they used to record 4.5 billion years worth of footage. The editing team did a great job fast forwarding the footage and condescending to an hour
Hey youre on a rock floating in space, pretty cool huh?
Why wasn't the asteroid impact at 33:49 shown, I wanna see it!
What a great video, thank you.
How much did the production of this video cost?  And how many project hours were spent? A ballpark estimate.
This is absolutely insane. The beautiful animation and music. But tell me… why am I crying? Why did this video make me so emotional???
Who is the DJ that survived 4 billion years? He's amazing!
Masterpiece. How can we keep you to make more of this?
So oxygen was ultimately a biproduct of the early life? So the oxygen we breathe comes from the farts of ancient life on earth?
would the initial photosynthesis sea be green and not purple? I thought it was purple first, then green won out somehow...
You should have shown the major asteroid impact during the Orosirian.  Also, what caused the first rainfall for hundreds of millions of years - how did it just start raining? What was the atmosphere like to carry such rain-bearing clouds over such a prolonged period of time?  Another mystery is when the oxygen interacted with the methane to produce CO2 & H20 vapor and set off an ice age. These are greenhouse gases usually associated with global warming, so how did it bring about an ice age? Prior to the first oxygen being generated, there was already CO2 in the atmosphere being absorbed by the microbial lifeforms via photosynthesis, so why didn't the presence of that CO2 cause the ice age?
How about 4.5 billion years in 30 minutes next time?
Do you have a Spotify link with the audio?
Anyone from 3719million years ago here?
What a wonderful video. Such a great idea on how to convey the immensity of time that passed before even multicellular life appeared for example, or how fast things changed afterwards and how insignificant the time we've been here is.
@kurzgesagt how much time did this video take?
What happanes at 2352 (29.44)? Is this a glitch or did something happened so fast it was not noticable?
How many years did your team spent making this
Where did all the water come from?
Where’s the part about the sun being a deadly laser?
where is "NOOO -- THE SUN IS A DEADLY LAZER"??
Am I the only one who read the tittle in his voice?
what an incredible video, you've outdone yourselves once again Kurzgesagt!!
can we get one with commentary but no music?
Why does it feel like you guys are going to stop making videos for some reason?
who got here before it was 24h old 👇
How lucky we are to have such astronomical stability. Some planets around binary star systems  get the shit end of the stick even when in a semi stable goldi locks zone.
What an achievement, and amazing background music to boot!
How many hydrothermal vents were there in the Paleoarchean!?
Why was I not engaged with the long pauses of dialogue- the animation certainly was a lot of work. However, there needs to be more work put into what’s being said the music’s not that entertaining to listen to for 20 minutes between talking.
Oh so its just a looped video that changes slides?
Question at what point was ozone layer created?
Could you make a version of this, but with only music and the effects that happen in the video?
Does anyone else get really ugly gradient banding/posterising in places like 14:00? Is that youtuber's encoder baking it into the video? Really a shame that it ruins the artistry of this video
What an absolute masterpiece this is!
could me make a religion out of that?
A new version of this with pictures from both the harshet to the comfiest of each era would be gold. Right now we only see the average or the extreme of an era. How about the coolest and the average, and the harshest of Headeon era for example?
What a wonderful video! I would love to see a video about the mass extinction events
what happended to the narators voice? Something's off..
What a wonder happened for life to became so advanced and complex in this planet, to the point in which we are able to be here, discussing about things that are barely conceivable by our brains.
Brooo im stoned so is it just me or is this fucking crazy? Best video on youtube or just thc?
38:00 ahh the old friend. Day lengh has come down to 20hrs /day, right?
what the hell. an hour?!?!? this is amazing!
Other species came way earlier than human species but why only humans became so advanced in evolution?
What a long way to where we are now
Who else thought that the music in the background was quite banger?
What did just happen??? That's crazy.....thank you guys so much!!!!
What an amazing video, thank you for it
A bit early for Christmas present don't you think Kurz?
29:42 anyone else notice that?
What a great concept. Beautiful art and music and fascinating facts about earth's history. A great reminder of how deep deep time is.   I only wish for more narration, though i know that wasn't the point... I just want to know more about each era. Could we have visited the Mesoarcaean,  or would it have been too hot or cold? Would there be enough air to breathe? Would the atmosphere have protected us from the sun's radiation? This could have been a dense hour worth of detail and I would have been perfectly happy. 😂
5:50 is that a Dollar General ?
What caused the mass freeze in the cryogenian?
You didn't mention god for some reason?
I know this is not a history channel, but could you PLEASE do one for human history?
Why did it start raining tho? and for so long as well. Where did all this rain/water came from 🤔
Really love the animation though I would've loved a lot more explanation as in what gases the microbes in the mesoarchaen emitted. What were their necessities and maybe also potential link to the RNA world?
Why are you posting this on YouTube? Sell it as a film! I'd buy it
what does it mean life begins enter the stage? it existed somwhere in space and just entered earth when it bacame suitable?
what's the point of all our sufferin, when we're barely an insignificant sneeze in the history of existence?
Is it just me or does Mick Gordon take over the music in at 19:40 ?
Can you do one without music?
What a monstrous mountain of work it took to produce this video. I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Why is the music SO GOOD I swear
Love the video, but whats with the invent instead of evolve. Am i to stupid or os this simulation theory stuff ?
hi your on a rock floating in space. pretty cool huh?
In which program do you make your animations?
I wonder, wouldn't the stars in the sky change rapidly during such timescales?
Wait im confused was the water that rained in the eoarchean era a different kind of water before oxygen formed in Siderian era?
But who delivered the first waters?????
Where did all the greenhouse gases go in the Sederian? Couldnt we do the same now?
Does anyone know a similar channel than this.
What a CONCEITED video and title.
Wow, How many BIRDS working on this CHANNEL???
what the heck. 1h of my favorite channel. ok everything now has to wait. have to watch 4.5billion years go past.
if 1 sec passed is 1.5m years, dont we shrouldn't be able to see the meteors falling?
can you tell how the first cell came to life?
Can we please get a version of this without the music? I wanna play my own music over this when I study :3
What an amazing idea!What a wonderful video!I cherished every second!Thank you from the bottom of my heart!
I wonder if any of the made up gods that people believe in were around at the beginning of the video 🤣🤣🤣
If this cannot be called art, what is art?
what ? why period of large mushrooms that ruled the earth was skipped ?
i wonder why people with sponsorblock marked like half of the video as filler not as attack on the video but like why would they see around half of the video as filler
The soundtrack reminds me of Terriaria , anyone else?
What a masterpiece, just watched it from beginning to end and I can't find words - I just want to feed the algoritm of YouTube with a comment, maybe it helps a little for suggesting the video for more people. This must be seen by everyone.
What an amazing experience it was! Thank you Kurzgesagt!!
What a masterpiece ! Incredible journey of life,  amazing journey of earth and their intertwined journey together.
sooo, the history of the entire world, I guess....?
Why is everyone saying this is good it’s unwatchable 20 minutes in and nothing has really been said. Just bad music
Where does all the water come from? "There was some water" to "It rained for millions of years"? When was the atmosphere formed?
I didn’t know it took so long for the Earth’s core to form. Were the magnetic fields (etc.) different before this or was the physical form of the core irrelevant for these?
I started writing in the Eoarchean and ended up in the 20th century!!! What I don't understand is how it rained for so many millions of years, where did so much water come from if there were no oceans?
Does anyone know ehy the Calymmian, Ectasian and Stenian ages had so many diagonal blurry clouds by the mountains? I feel like there’s some cool reason behind it
at what point was earth livable? like you can go out and not die due to lack of oxygen?
Just out of curiosity, what's the earliest period we think we could time-machine a current human to and think they'd have a relatively good chance of survival (temperature, atmosphere, food and water wise)?
Were colonies of precursor Corals the first "multicellular animals"? Sticky sludges of something basking in warm sea currents under a dappled sunlight.
Can you expand it to a three-episode miniseries about the history of the universe?
Can we  get more vids like this? But then how humankind develops.
Also who is responsible for this awesome music??
I don't why would people dislike this?
What a cliffhanger at the end there! I'll bet episode 2 is gonna be EPIC!!! 😁
When I saw the length of this video I instantly thought "Well this isn't exactly 'in a nutshell' is it?". I'm surprised to find out that it is. There is just so much history to talk about that you need a sizeable nutshell to cram it in.
What a fantastic ideia!!!!! Wonderfull !! Unbelieble
Is this Kurzgesagt's own attempt at a "History of the Entire World I Guess"?
can we have a shorter, compressed version of this? with all the silent parts cut out?
I wonder how the earth looks at us each time we say "Lets save the planet" 😂
The fact it opens up a new tab on its own and still plays even when you exit the app amazes me. Like when did YouTube update this??
“Much hot and comfy”…. Was this video AI generated?
When the credits rolled I literally started clapping. Unbelievable… the time and effort went into this is absolutely mindblowing.
Now I wanna see the behind the scenes on the making of this video. I wanna see the whole team as well. It's been 10 years! Who's with me?
Was the transition from lava lake to solid ground really that fast in correlation?
Why are you saying this like it must be true? I know...  cause satan likes it...
Can we get PC wallpapers from the differend eras? I thought that the Hadean era looked so cool but I don't want to ruin it by editing the text out by myself
why wasnt i jamming to the backgroud music and waiting for the beat drop,good job on this video
What a masterpiece! Personally, flooding information instead of all that silence would've suited the watch time and viewer interest better.. But I see your vision.
Every Kurz Gesagt video dropping is a cause for celebration,  but your Opus Dei was a unexpected cerebral smorgasbord of joy. I watched it with my kids last night. My younger autistic son who is seven and knows all of the eons and eras from the Cambrian onwards was particularly spellbound.  The music had me thinking of Jean-Michel Jarre, very suitable  Please do the same thing for the/a future now!  Also, can you get together with Douglas Adams's estate to create a H2G2 book?
Is there an audio only version on Spotify? If there isn't. There should be.
What a massive project for the animators, well done and thank you ❤
How much did this video cost?
WHERE DID THE RAIN COME FROM?!
When the beat drops after 3:50 😮   And another one at 43:15 with a legit prog rock sound, zzzzaaaaaaammmn
Okay but can we talk about how the music absolutely SLAPS?
Nah. So you've drawn a bunch of shiny moving blobs and call it a history.. Hipnotic art perhaps, but that's not how scientists see the world. How about instead of narration add some persistent infographics: the gas content of atmosphere, pressure, surface temperature, amount of surface water, count of single cell species, multicellular species..  You say humans won't survive? How about writing how long would a human survive in such conditions?
How many of you immediately thinked about Bill Wurtz?😂
HOW DO YOU HAVE THIS MUCH PATIENCE FOR ANIMATIN?
Did I just miss the tardis or it hasn't been in the video?
how can you present the hadean era as volcanic, hot hell while acknowledging the zircons found from that time? the evidence of liquid water directly contradicts the past theory of hellish burning earth!
How as almost nobody mentioned the excellent soundtrack? The music rocks!
What an amazing job you've all done!  I love the music score, especially the odd timing around 1.8M yo ;)
The music is awesome in this, a 1 hour set of _Kurzgesagt beats to relax/study to_ basically. Is this on Spotify/Apple Music/Tidal?
When a 1 hour video is too long for your attention span:
Does this mean  mammals are anti-meteorites?
Can we please give the deserved credit also to the music and sound design team!? One hour of  amazing soundtrack!!! 😎
How cool would it be if we could watch this in a VR headset or at a planetarium!
What an eye opening experience. Without a doubt.
Hey bro where you at rn? Uh… the mesosrchian time period?
Can we have this as a wallpaper engine wallpaper???
Is there a glitch at 29:43? I am fairly certain it is not my computer.
Who made the music? It's FIRE! (Like me LOL)
What a great travel through time👍
What a soundtrack.. this is why I really have it open it in the background haha.
Hmm.. lot of loops, both image and music. Not that impressive. I’d expect more deep understanding of the processes, instead of “now there are fungi, doing fungi stuff”. Well.. I maybe shouldn’t expect more of you. You’re not in this for the education, just the entertainment, right?
If I pause the video will it pause time?
I wonder what excuse can anyone use to hate on kurzgesagt?
Are there plans to make this into a downloadable live wallpaper? Or segmented into multiple, like one for each era? It'd be really neat to have on an idle desktop
what about when the ocean became red before the huronian ice age?
script writers had a day off? or?
What amazes me the most is that every single atom of our own body has experienced all this and has been now combined into a mass that is able to watch and appreciate this form of art.
What an impressive work!! You are the best YouTube channel for sure! Thank you for this really interesting content 🙂
Bangiomorphia Pubescens - the name for the algae that invented sex - really scientists? Really?
Can this win the YouTube award for best YouTube on YouTube, please?
So the water I drink right now is 3.9 Billion years old?
I first thought this was a great idea, but I am now 35 minutes in and I haven't learned all that much. It is very lazily animated as well. Like you say a very large asteroid crashes into earth, but you don't show it at all.. what the hell?
How many MYA did they start animating this? 🙂 Love the soundtrack, this is brilliant!
Who cares if porn is free? This right here is the real miracle.
guys i think it's false, this guy wasnt born 4.5 billion years ago, how does he know what happened?
Why doesn't the top counter day billions of years it just says 5 million years
Who would've thought a merge of Friday-Nite MTV PartyZone with Nat-Geo themes could be so EPIC? 😃😃😃
Who knew that the earth had such a badass soundtrack that could only be perceived by speeding things up by a few hundred billion times...
Hey what about the 2thou....trillion year reighn of the Roman empire ?
What a beautiful video. Thanks Kurzgesagt. 💪
What a ride. I can see why this would have taken so long. Will we persist or are we doomed to be a blip on the geological radar? Only time will tell
Has anyone else watched this twice already?
At 29:40, it says CO2 and methane's effect on the atmo was to cool the planet down.  Say what?
anyone else notice something weird with the perspective of the tonian era?
Is it me? Or does the music sometimes sounds like a Terraria music
When I realized the same type of things crawling in the sea are now crawling on the surface 🤯 56:35
Shouldn't the stars be moving perceptivly in the background?
Do we know why it freezes then unfreezes? 52:40
If there is no O2 in the early stage of the earth, how can it filled with so much water? where are those water came from?
Someone explain to me where the rain came from!? It went from lava to rain falling… from what source!!!!?
Utterly amazing! A true piece of art to just sit back and experience!   ... Now can you release a version that has a HUD around the sides of the video, with running stats on things like atmospheric composition, ambient temperature, and other useful metrics?
What a wonderful piece of artwork illustrating the history of earth. Congratulations.🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
No Young Earth Creationists in here crying over this video?
How long did it take you to make this, also i'm listening to this when I go to bed
And what does that "self-sustaining" nuclear reactor did to the Earth? How did it changed for example the climate or life?
I like the video. Is there a part 2 in the making?
26:18 YOU THINK I WOULDNT NOTICE THAT THEY (the dots on the screen) TELEPORTED?
How did only this video beeb able to turn on picture on picture mode?
Did anyone else get a glitch at 29:45?
What a marvelous piece of visual storytelling. This animated documentary deserves an actual Oscar. Truly.
Why is nobody talking about the soundtrack???  Nice 4/3 polyrhythm
Am I the only one vibing to the background music?
Could you upload a version without commentary, just music? It would be a fantastic background video for classrooms and such
Why does this guy sound like the fitness gram pacer test guy
WHAT A BRILLIANT EXPERIENCE THIS WAS!!! <3 <3 :') :')
what an amazing video    sending love to the team❤
When you feel important just remember, our entire species doesn't even make a blip on the timeline!
54:09 does that happen to be the marvelous breadfish?
Can you do a version of this but narrowed down to something like just human history? It'd be really cool.
Yet the question remains, who was playing that music all that time?
wasnt there a dark stage after the dinosaur asteroid?? how did mammals survived it or how did they surged?
Well, we've GOT to see a making-of video. Perhaps Patreon exclusive?
How did Kurzgesagt forget that the Great Oxidation event caused the first mass extinction in Earth’s history?
is it Dream Theatre on the BGM? 🤣
Can someone explain why earth freezed during cryogenian period.
I don’t understand why the rain happened…it went from lava to rain…why?
🎶 The way the beat of the music was in sync during the Stenian period was such a lovely detail. Just one many reasons why this video is such a masterpiece.  History of humans next?
I'd like to nominate this as the best video on YouTube. Is there like a guy you gotta talk to for that?
Nearly all of human existence took place in the last frame. What will the next frame look like?
Walmart and Cardven token just signed a collaboration??
Kurzgesagt, when will be aviable in your shop this awesome soundtrack?
Really liked the video! I'm sure ai was used for some visual assets though.. probably in Illustrator using prompts?
What is the name for this theme 59:00?
how they have cool music back then? 0.O
can you show the giant mushroom trees
When I first saw this I thought, "Oh wow, a 1hr video from them! I can't wait to watch this!" And then when I actually watch it.. It was pretty boring. It's like I'm watching paint dry on the wall.  I know, the point of the video is to watch how our earth evolves but damn, I mostly skip parts where there's not much happening.  Good music btw.
when i go back in time, i'll make sure to keep this time scale in my formula: 1M yrs = 1 sec  ..... or else everything will be boring. Not forgetting this sound track as well...
Has it really been 4.5 billion years... damn I lost track of time. It felt like just an hour to me.  Whose going to the sun 21st birthday? They grow up so fast
What a Jewel! Thanks for this amazing one, it really fits as a 10 years special
When are we getting the entire art scroll for this video as merch, I need this on my walls
when i started to watch this video it was 9hours old and now its 11 hours old!
if you skip ahead in a video, isnt that considered time travel?
What a great film! Well Done! And THANK YOU for NOT using Ravel's "Bolero" for the soundtrack.
what a brilliantly amazing video idea. I'm actually shocked by how clever that is. well done.
can someone tell me where i could find the captions(i mean like the script) for this? I want it for a writing project.
why did all the asteroids come in in one direction?
can someone confirm i think the music on 26:15 is from the movie bubble i think its a remix but it is exactly the same.
8:38 why is it only "probably"? Do we have a concrete evidence for that? where did all the water come from?
what the fuck. What the /fuck/.
When did i buy YouTube Premium?
What is really cool is that even hundreds of millions of years ago there was techno-pop music. It seemed to be going on in the background the entire lifespan of the earth! Just wish they could have turned it down a little.
How AMAZING would a Kurzgesat video game be??
how did you know all this?
Is there a version without narration?   This video is a vibe.  Thank you for your efforts!
ya ok but what are ur sources?
Do you remember any of it? That's how long eternity is going to feel after we're gone.
Is it possible to subscribe twice? I appreciate and see how much time and effort this took to make and this is so awesome! You guys rock!
Anywhere we can listen to the music track?
Did anyone else pause it to see if their tap was dripping? Haha  Great vid... again, and always.
could you upload a version without any dialog? I really enjoyed just watching the scenery just go past with the epic music, and having an hour straight of that I think could be very relaxing. extremely cool video though, you people never cease to amaze me with your incredible writing, art and animation.
So you skipped abiogenesis? or I missed this part?
Where did you get the music?
What was the nuclear reacton on the Rhyacian period?
Did you guys make this knowing I'd be high while I watched it? If so you're even more amazing than I thought.
How amazing this video is. How insignificant we are.
Did the moon experience similar monsoons as it cooled?
This is an incredible video, now I'm going to rewatch it later tonight. Especially the soundtrack is incredible. Is it too late for me to get a calendar?
Can anyone tell me name of instrumental song used in it?
24:36 was the bacteria looking for spices?
How long did this video take to render?
Callendar of the year 4.543 billion when?
When you thought Kurzgesagt couldn't get any better and then you listen/watch this masterpiece.
When stopping the video midway through, it looked like my screen was moving left for like half a minute :D  I expected the end to be like this, but still couldn't grasp the period of human kind being that short after watching this for an hour. Literally burst into a manic laugh. Imagine all the visible changes you would have to animate in that split of a second.
could you release the uncompressed video file this would be great to have as a desktop wallpaper, great video btw
Where did all the water come from that fed the rain during the Eoarchean? Was the atmosphere made of steam before?
So, when can we expect the music for this video to drop as a standalone product?
If life formed so quickly why are we certain all life is descended from the same initial cells?  Why wouldn't it have arisen many times?
When I saw the title I was expecting something like The Entire Histroy of the World I Guess. I’m very pleased that it wasn’t just a recreation of that. Phenomenal video all around!
during the mesoarchean, when microbes first started "eating the sun", the narrator says there isn't any oxygen in the atmosphere. what chemical process did they use to eat the sun that didn't produce oxygen?
Is there a non-narrator & music version of this video? Seems really chill to just play it in the monitor while doing work and just listen to the sound of nature
When i saw the length of the video i thought it was fan made 😂❤ thank you Kurzgesagt
I'm 100% convinced we were planted here by the torid? Torred? Meteor shower. Any idea where that originated from?
wait the meteors at the start of the video take several million years to fall?
How does a channel like this start the video showing human era is only 12000 years old? Are ya serious mate? Humans have been here for atleast 100,000 years. We've carbon dated ancient architecture and mummies to 50,000 years+ ago
Why is no one talking about the invention of sex in 44:52?
Can we please get a version of this video with no commentary? Its perfect for study and would mean no interruption during the writing process. The perfect visuals and such a gorgeous soundtrack
Who cooked up these fire beats?
How do they like, get these time estimates? Like how did they calculate the Hadean took that long ?
When the beat drops at 4:00 🕺
I'm making spicy hot wings for dinner as I watch this. What are you guys up to?
What an absolute work of art wtf
What part when the Great Oxidation event happened when the oceans turned red?
What would happen if you dropped a nuke into hurricane?
Could you please make this video again, but in real time?
Wait, what's that? *Mass extinction event happens, killing nearly everything on the planet* And an asteroid killed the dinosaurs and most species on earth. Why is it so casual like that kind of thing happens on a daily basis?
What a wonderful video! The visuals are stunning, and the narrator's voice is incredibly soothing. 10/10 bravo! ❤❤
Fun video! Has Kurzgesagt considered making long-form documentaries (if they have made them in the past, are they pay-walled on something like Nebula)?
What a stunning video!! The sound mixing was absolutely incredible, my sincere kudos to the entire sound team for their work on this video!
When the rain era began it started raining and thundering outside here... Kinda wild to see that this weather was going on for millions of years
how heavy was the atmosphere at pamekarchean. 😮
Ok but why does 20:15 go so hard? Can a lot of this music be put on Tidal for that nice hifi enjoyment?
how did this get animated? This is some amazing content!
I didnt understand how we got plants and forest on the ground?
Would there really be any volcanoes during the Hadean as shown in the video. Wouldn't all the rock be too liquid to become a volcano?
Why do we live, why do we die? We are nothing but a fever to this planet.
In the Eoarchean phase, how did that first rain happen? Where did all that water come from?
what is that thing on the background 9:49
What an amazing concept for a video and so well executed!
This music is seriously so good. Is there a way to get a playlist?
At 29:43 the screen glitches a bit, is anyone else getting this?
What is your first ever video
Yo, who gave the mesoarchean era a djent song?
What a incredible piece of work this is. Thank you so much for doing this!
Are we getting a 3 hour long universe video too?
How could the climate have changed so much so long ago? Humans weren't even around!
when you went underwater at the end of mesoarchean was so pretty!!!
Did you guys employ any AI-generative tools, like image generators or language models, in the making of this video? If so, in what ways did you guys use it? And for what purpose? And why?
Who knew ads dated back to the paleoarchaean!
how did water came on the planet? it was lava, then x happens and it raned??? how
what a titanic work ! A magnificant video you achieved. And We the community are very thankful for it.
Did i just spend an entire hour watching earth's history at 1 AM?
How is no one here talking about the amazing soundtrack! It matches with the gradual build-up of Earth's history very well.
Can we just appreciate the animation team for making an animation an hour long?
so if im not wrong , out of 1 hour we lived only for 2.6 seconds ?
What's the ideal animated show to enjoy while on the treadmill?
What a GREAT video!SO COOLLLL!😍
When im high its such a great experience to watch those videos!
Wait, correct me if i'm wrong but, didn't the oceans turned red at a point ? Because of suspended iron in the water oxydazing due to the creation of oxygen by cyanobacteria ?
39:54 Why he spitting on us?
CAN WE JUST EKNOWLEDGE THE AMAZING SOUND DESIGN? these tracks enhanced this experience to a 100000000
yea so like can we stop helping things go extinct so all those cells didn't waste their time trying to make cool stuff for like 2 billion years?
Where do I purchase my "I've witnessed the history of the Earth" - kurzgesagt T-Shirt? 😊
Where did the water of the Eoarchean come from?
Was that a Homo Erectus at the end there?  It's hard to tell in the style...
anyone else just jamming out to the music and reading comments?
did'nt the bible said that earth is 6000 years old?
What the frick, I've been waiting for a video but I got a whole documentary
When I have 1 hour before the history exam and I forget what time period it’s on
What the.... Kurzgesagt, its November you cant go giving out gifts this early!
6:49 it fidnt actually take a remnant of theia millions of years to fall to earth did it? The metor falling animation is on a different time scale?
What an awesome pre-earth soundtrack. Bravo!
sorry, what was that about a nuclear reactor in the Statherian?
not to complain, this is super cool, but can we also have a version without the VO pls?
How were they able to animate all of this?
how the diggity dog did they animate an hour's worth of history
Can someone explain how rain just started During Eorchian?
What a video. As someone who lives in the UK "it rained for a million years" really hit home.
what an amazing soundtrack. it is worth the hour watching just because of it
How does nobody give credit to the absolute banger music?? I let this run as i cooked and just started dancing in the kitchen
cannabis vaporizer existance is how long in this time scale?
Is there a music free version of this with just the sound effects and narration?
Uhm, I'm a big fan of the channel, but I have I've been a bit disappointed in this one. Such a nice animation and topic, so much to show, but so little narration. I understand that it took ages to animate and would've taken ages to create a nice script for the whole hour, but... there were a lot of moments worth pointing out. Like when the moon began to cool down and solidify in the beginning, some fun facts here and there, more comments on what's going on in the other parts of the world, etc. And yeah, I know there was a period called "boring billion" but there was still actually a lot going on. So why not to make it more... full sorta?
Great work Kurzgesagt, music is well thought too. But why not make the timeline logarithmic?
Have scientist discovered why every couple hundred million years earth turned into a Google Pixel ad?
Where can I nominate this for Best Music Video of the Year 12,023?
Volcanic rock can float...is that what we are seeing during the early Eoarchean?
hey guys.. excellent video.. i just have one question and i would be thrilled if you can answer. WHEN IT FIRST RAINED IN THE EOARCHEAN PERIOD, WHERE DID THE WATER COME FROM OR HOW WAS THE FIRST WATER FORMED?
This is amazing! I want to ask for an eventual sequel (maybe for your 20th anniversary?) that's the entire history of the universe in an hour, except that instead of all the action being packed into the last 25%, it'd be more like the last 8%. What about a logarithmic version, where early time passes more quickly and things slow down near the present? Or would that defeat the point?
What a masterpiece. I stand completely speechless. So awe inspiring! I can only imagine how much of a demanding endeavor that was! Everything, from the animation and editing up to the music and narration was absolutely perfect. There is really no way of putting it into words. I hope you never stop doing what you do, cause this right here is a legacy of invaluable worth. Fare well!!!
how much time did these animators spend in total on this one project? huge props to the animators
How nice for the camera man to record 4.5billion years of history for us
am i the only one who added this to his favourites before even watching it?
What an absolute amazing video.  Please consider releasing a video with just the music (no narration) because I could see myself listening to this while I'm trying to concentrate on work.
MAKING CLAIMS SUCH AS A NATURAL NUCLEAR REACTOR BEING CREATED BY NATURE SHOULD AT LEAST HAVE CONTEXT????
I still didn’t grasp how long that was, could you make an animation that lasts 4.5 billion years?
29:43 Anyone else notice the glitch at the bottom of the screen here? Graphics card failing during original video render perhaps?
@kurzgesagt Can you post another version of this with the music but no voiceover?
Where can I acquire this soundtrack?
how is this amount of quality free?
its still much hot and comfy?
Anyone else wanna see them make a part 2?
When i Started watching this it had about 60k likes, now, almost an hour later it has almost 85k likes. Thats also quite impressive.
Just wondered, maybe stupid question, but in the cryogenian wenn all of the earth froze, you said that we were not sure how life survived? But how do we know that it didn’t restart after? Maybe DNA is more common then what we might believe?
have you ever heard of wallpaper engine? it would take forever to download, but this should be on there
Congratulations on 10 years, this was really entertaining to watch, I liked the music a lot, where could I find it?
what an amazing video, i watched it all!
How did it rain for millions of years? How did water get to the earth?
anyone catch the visual glitch at 29:43?
When the ad takes 15 million years...
Is there a version of this without the narrator?
What a wonderful jorney, thank you so much for this 😍!
why do you keep on posting videos right after i have a test with the same subject 😩
I'd like very much to see an episode about the transition that led to the Cambrian explosion. Something doesn't add up. Earth have had single cell entities for millions years, and 'suddenly' thousands of species of highly complex organisms formed? What happened?
This took you guys 4 years to make for real?
How can i set this as my sceen saver?
Did he really leave me for 200 million years to let me think about whether he said "much hot" on purpose?!
now the question is: have they hidden a duck in here?
isnt it meant to say billion not million on the top right corner?
Now the real question is, how many times did the camera go around the whole earth during this whole video?
It amazes me, that the timeline of this Universe is only about three times longer than this.  I guess a three hour version of the Timeline of the Universe is due for release in about 473,040,000  years?
08:18 You didn't explain critical things like how the first life emerged and where did the water come from?
I had fun spotting the loops in the beginning , but then I cheated and upped the speed. But seriously where is the Old Guy with a Grey Beard ? PS Snark : Dinos are Dinos NOt Reptiles  OK ??? Where's the old guy ?
Can someone explain this to me, why are there floating rocks in the beginning of the Rhyacian Period?
is this free copy rigth music ?
I have watched the whole thing. I'm feeling emotions I find surprisingly difficult to articulate... a sense of gratitude for being here on Earth, despite all the unfairness and difficulty?
Where did that lava, earth, water and everything come from? Hmm?
How do I make this my wallpaper
What an incredible, beautiful video, what an achievement! The music, animation quality and just the guts to go with the concept on a platform that doesn't seem to reward such content, well done and thank you!
Do we know where the first rain and first cells originated from?
Who let bro cook on the music AND video
When there are no conscious references duration doesn't exist, so it's accurate to say that it actually passed Instantaneously.
how has nobody pointed out that the music is made like all of the other videos, where its entirely dynamic, BUT FOR THE ENTIRE HOUR, from the bubbly underwater to the dry surface, it all changes along with the video. they realllllly didnt take any shortcuts at all with making this
When you realize that what you usually think as evolutionary history happened in the last few minutes of this video.
Did Kurzgesagt really drop a 1 hour video?! Christmas came early this year.
Shouldn't the first photosynthesizers cause a purple hue? No oxygen and all.
I believe we have witnessed the birth of a new genre of videos - I can't wait for the dude who AI animates a 4.6 billion year-long 720p video, and tries to upload it on Youtube. Well done guys, this video is amazing -  will you make one with more commentary?
Who needs a total perspective vortex when there's this
What a journey! And what a banger music too! Hope it becomes available, maybe even in 1h playlist style
What type of video is this?
i got really emotional at the end lol . . .  i can TELL it was loads of work....woould you ever do a history of the universe one?
So you claim the first life was anaerobic?
Anyone else ran to jump on a chair when he said "the floor is lava"?...     No? Just me?
AN HOUR LONG KURZGESAGT VIDEO?!? What is it, my birthday or something?
When can we get the soundtrack on vinyll? 😉🎶💿
Is it possible to get a screen saver version of this?!
Hi, this is amazing. 🎉 Do you have a german version?
Hadean : if the floor is lava, how can it have mountains (see volcanoes) ?
O m g, hour long from Kurz??
how do we know all this stuff?
What a beatiful hour this was. I was able to forget so many things in the world happening now so I could see back into a cognitive immeasurable amount of time and watch how it all started. Thanks so much Kurzgesagt, it was a trip like no other.
When you realize that an entire human lifetime (80 years) is only 0.0053% of each second, or 53 nanoseconds...
can we have an version of it without the narrator? like with just the music and sound effect !!
Where’d the water come from?
when he said "the ancestors of the birds... do.. bird things." i really felt that
Great video but can we talk about how good the soundtrack is????
Is this a compilation of dozends of old videos or is it all new?
Where did the water that raised come from?
I still have so many questions: How did the earth when it was a ball of fire form? Where did all the water come from when it began to rain?
my friend added this to his sex playlist???????
Who ever made the music is a big Tool fan, and I'm loving it.
Question: Did Earth always have a magnetic field?
I always wondered why the ages closer to modern day are shorter. is it because things continued to speed up and changes are happening faster? Or is it simply humans can see things that happened closer to modern day easier and can better divide up the ages?
Before i dedicated 1 hr of my life to this video, is this just multiple videos previously made in one video or a brand new video?
Can anyone explain why the sun got darker during the Hadean phase
didnt vsauce do that at the end of one of their videos?
Is the music available as a download?
What a masterpiece, it is an hour-long educational video, with minimal ads and music that fills the vibe beautifully. props to the Kurzgesagt team for putting in such a tremendous effort in not just this video, but to all the last ten years of dedication to creating free videos for the masses to watch.  One hour of music is one task, and one hour of animations and Narrating is truly out of this world. And it is quality work too! I can't even imagine the time it took to create this video. Weeks!? MONTHS?! Truly Spectacular.
Usually history of earth is told like "Earth was molten. And then bacteria, and then multicellular life!"  Never realized it was more just.... subjective eternity dominated by nothing but bacteria and single-celled organisms. And how long it took for the nucleus to appear - is simple life more likely to spontaneously appear than nuclei?
Who else watched the whole video?
How do we know that the music people at Kurzgesagt didn't just have an hour long jam session and the others just went "lets put some visuals over this"
What a time to have mushrooms
Anyone else getting high while watching this?
OK but how did we come to the conclusion of the different periods? Based on what? XD did someone travel 4.5b back to the past?
10:35 What with the asteroids?
Who were the idiots that disliked this amazing video?
Would it be possible to get a version with no words or music, just the ambient noises?  Thanks much and we’ll done!
Why isn't this in a podcast in Spotify?
From where comes the water that fills the oceans with water at the eoarchean phase?
Why is Kurzegesagt shocking us each time with some level of quality content that we previously thought was impossible to achieve AND FOR FREE !!!!!!!
What an effort! Congratulations, Kurzgesagt! You made my day happy
Damn animating a 1 hour video?
When I got to the video it has been already uploaded for 13.5 billion years.
What a cool idea. Thanks for creating and sharing it
i wonder how varied life would be if not for the mass extinctions. starting at 54:00
Who else skipped a few millions years? 😂
where did the rain come from?  I thought Earth was hit with ice comets for millions of years.  We need clouds first before we have rain
Can we ponder a bit that at this speed the sun / moon is perfectly in sync?
You guys... you're a very tough channel to outdo, but the fact that you've outdone YOURself is nothing short of monumental. This is likely the most illuminating examination of early earth on the interwebs and it's probably not even close. Also, the Earth's core formed THAT late into its life? Does that mean our magnetosphere only came about within the last billion years and wasn't present the entire time Earth existed?
Can you do the human history in 1 hour?
Is there any way you make is available to download in HDR please ?? 😃 I would love to have it boucle on my TV in the background like a gallery display  Also for the 20 years, can we have the same but with what the FUTURE could look like, either one where end is destroyed, or one when it continue in space
how do the asteroids stay in the same place for thousands of years?
Kurzgesagt uploads an hour-long video on my birthday? Best gift ever.  Also, what is this 🔥 track?
So, roughly speaking, if Earth appeared an hour ago then: -first single-cell life happened around 45-50 minutes ago,  -multicellular organisms had their "exploson" 7 minutes ago, -dinosaurs went extinct 64 seconds ago, -first human appered 2 seconds ago, -12k years of human history lasted less than blink of an eye.  Now my head hurts, but also my life's problems look really small and meaningless. Thanks... I guess?
I've not watched the whole thing yet (just getting to the end of of the Paleoarchean - NO SPOILERS PLEASE), but this is so beautiful. I love the music.  If I've done the maths right, does the entirety of human history fit in one frame?
Can we get a video with the music and visuals without the talking over too?
When might we see an episode that covers all of human history from our earliest ancestors to today?
29:38 ... So you're saying the entire atmosphere caught on fire??
How is this free…. We live in such an amazing time
53:40 ♫ Not anymore, there's a blanket ♫ 55:00 Okay, will you learn to walk if there's plants up here?
What a time to be alive in this world and fortunate enough to consume these type of content for free. Thank thank you very much kurzgesagt 🙂🙂🙂
Did the music get more and more emotional toward the end or is it just me? Also props to everyone who has been working on this since 2019❤.
Neoarchean underwater scene is blue colored?  Shouldn't the underwater light from above in the sky be in some other color before oxygen appeared in the scene?
I got lost somewhere in the video so I’m lost IN time. Do I just go back to the beginning or start somewhere random?
What an awesome video! Love it. Being a house music fan: the music is great too!! 😊
Can we get a track upload for the Rhyacian period? Its too good 30:50  Edit: 11 months later and still waiting for that Rhyacian track to drop please 😅
Any chance you guys release a version with no narration and only music + sfx?
A lot of these theories just seem like how religion is made "it rained for millions of years to make the ocean". How did the water appear out of lava and obsidian?
What a great surprise, I did not know I needed this to make my day feel a tiny bit better, which means a lot to me. Thank you so much for this time travel Kurzgesagt!
Where do i pay the money this deserves?
Which song is in the paleogene?
How did the Plants "create" soil?
What is the piano music at the end?
Who put doom music in the Mesoarchean era?
What a humbling perspective... Thank you Kurzgesagt!
Can they also explain how is the ocean salty?
does anyone know if they have a spanish channel with this video ? i want to show this to my kids
Is this the longest Kurzgesagt video ever made?
anyone else see the doctor who reference?
Who clicked thinking Bill Wurtz was back on the menu?
How do i make this my wallpaper?
Could you release a version of this without the commentary? Commentary is great, but having an alternate version for background stuff would be awesome.
Why the doom music in the Mesoarchean lol
When the music kicks in! Everything changes holy shit lol this video is freaking awesome! Hell yeah guys!
What an effort!! They should have kids in school watch this in science class.
45:00 ok algae Bangiomorpha pubescens. its been 1190 million years, when's sex 2 coming?
Does the iron core "crystal" that forms around 42:30 maybe help life to evolve? Is this when the magnetosphere would form? Helping shield evolving life from harmful radiation?
19:50 What is this music? Did doomguy apper on earth?
Is there any reason why all the meteoroid impacts in the Hadean were all generally coming from the same direction, or was it just artistic license?
Who else watched this at 2x speed?
How many times may I hit the like button?
Is this the video that finished Youtube? Like can just close the platform now? I mean you're not going to top this...
How the songwriter was able to write a song with 4.5 billion years of lenght is beyond me
how to turn 7 mins of content into a 1 hour video
ey, why is this music so good?
Can we also get a video about the human history, starting from the origins all the way to the present? I’ll wait all the time you need
When he said  "life is starting to eat the  sun" I was like what????... ohhh photosynthesis🤦🏿‍♂️
What a musical masterpiece… wow. I’m truly blown away. And the visuals… just gorgeous. I’m lucky I have a home theater, so I could experience this as demanded by the sheer amount of work that this journey represents. This DESERVES an award.
Why didn’t I ever realise I needed that? Thanks
Is this a dream? Do I really read 1:03:31?
I think my question will be stupid for some but why are the meteorites at the start have flame trails if it was said that the atmosphere was mostly CO2 wouldn't flames require O2 ?
1:36 „and the floor is lava“… oh shit they played this game early on 😂 who noticed this as well?
I *did* enjoy this video, but I'd like to suggest that you add timestamps of when you're speaking to your *pinned comment*. This way I can both skip ahead, and you still get your tidy chapter segments. Edit: I was also hoping for more information along the way. I would've happily watched the whole thing uninterrupted, if there had been more information along the way. Why is the Siderian called that, for example?
Is The Sun a deadly laser?
Well so is gonna to be next human history?
What a piece of work is a man, How noble in reason, how infinite in faculty, In form and moving how express and admirable, In action how like an Angel, In apprehension how like a god, The beauty of the world, The paragon of animals.
What an amazing ride this is
What a brilliant video, it really highlights how human history is barely a blink of an eye in this hour long showcase of our planets existence.
Can someone make a condensed edition of this video by retaining all the commentary and speeding phases that are repetitive?
What can I say? This video got more than 15000 likes while I watched it. If that doesn't say enough about it, I don't know what would.
But the water came from meteors?
How many other civilizations could have existed in the span of those 90 million years at the start of the video, where Earth was just a lava ball in space.
did they thank for this guy, bill wurtz? Because I've caught few references to his history of world
What an amazing vibe. Would have loved more talk , but super awesome
I wonder how many hours they spend on making this video?
When I first saw the duration I was flabbergasted. Huge love for Kurzgesagt❤
How the hell we could terraform Mars😢 jesus christ.. we will probably create bigger iss first
How fasitidious it must have been to make! Thank you very much for this beautiful and humbling journey fellow humans 😊
why after the ice age more complex life formed?
8:30, soooo, where does this water come from ?
What a great way to celebrate your 10th anniversary! Happy anniversary Kurzgesagt.. Wishing you guys many amazing years ahead 🥳🎊
is there a way to make this video run as wallpaper on my desktop?
reeaally good the soundrack at 24:24, do you know the name?
Where did the water for the rain at the beginning of the Eoarchean suddenly come from?!
Could you release a no commentary version of this? I don’t mind the narrator, but this would be awesome to relax to.
When he said “which forms the moon” all I heard was the “which is now the moon 🎶” jingle from Entire History of the World I guess
an hour long Kurzgesagt video?? is this a dream?
How this channel has less then 7.8 billion subscribers will always astound me
Who else thinks this music is 🔥
Who need lofi beats when you have the entire history of the earth to study and chill to
59:25 I think I hear the Time/Life leitmotif???
How many billion years to animate this? WOOOOOW
Why is this free? This should cost money, yet you are willing to give it for free. I turned off my Adblocker for this :)
Digital fusion soundtrack for an hour long video or an hour of animated music video for a digital fusion album?
But the question is;  Is the sun a deadly lazer?
This is so cool, any chance you could upload a narration free version for really just backround play?
1:36 THE FLOOR IS LAVA?
Hi, you're on a rock floating in space. Pretty cool, huh? Some of it's water. Actually, most of it's water. I can't even get from here to there without buying a boat. It's sad. I'm sad. I miss you. How did this happen?
thanks but can we get something like this video with human Era added ?
Something that makes me curious. After about the first billion years he mentions that days are shorter because the young earth spins faster…so we base time on the earths rotation being what it is now…are we basing those first billion years on modern rotation (time) measurements? Or did the first billion years go by quicker based on the speed of ancient rotation?
Am I time traveling if I watch at 2x?
Are the clouds rotated wrongly in the Stenian period? :)
what's next? the history of the universe in 1 hour?
how da fukk you know what erff lookk lik 4.5 billion yyearz ago????
I wish every person on the planet could see this. How can you go to war, how can you believe in gods, how can you be evil after you see this?
1 hour kurzgesagt is actually crazy, for free as well!?
What a ride it was! Complex life on Earth really has only been here for a short moment.
What an awesome idea and execution. Love it:)
Where does God come in and make Adam
Did anyone see the rocket ship looking things in the rock at around 48 minutes? Is it some kind of easter egg?
What baffles me most about this project is that I'm half done and feel entertained. That balance must have been so hard to strike. Incredible project, maybe your best video!
What a great video! Love from 🇧🇷
9:56  Bloonarius are you there?
what a masterpiece, so glad we got this for free.
Are you planning on a video about fungi? I love your videos ❤
I am a flower quickly fading, a wave tossed into the ocean, a vapor in the Wind! How small and insignificant am I? Are we?
Awesome! How/from where did the very first fireball started though?
What the!!!!?!? İts insane that 1 hour kurzgesagt video
Qualaty>quantaty wasant tath wgat u had always sayed?
Is the music available for download?
Make a soft spoken one without music for ASMR?
what a crazy feat. mad props to the Kurzgesagt team!
Where bill wurzt covers the condensed history of evolution process and a tiny bit of human existence, kurzgesagt covers the live footage illustration of earth itself..
Would you be able to see any stars with the light from the lava in the Hadeon?
Why didn't the ducks gave a speech at UN yet
its facinating to think about that life on earth is not much younger than the planet itself, but we  have been around for such a short time in comparison, i mean, the age of Umanity in this video is what, 1/3 of a second?
I really really really want to use this as a 4K live wallpaper. Is there any way for me to get/buy the original high quality (non Youtube compressed) video?
was this narrated by an AI version of our boy? some of the inflections seemed off. Or maybe its normal and im just being rude
What have you done!!!!? This is amazing and it is truly beautiful that every person can access this video. Thank you guys.
Would you consider making a condensed version that skips to the next commentary after a few seconds?
What a beautiful and fantastic video. The continous sidescolling, the beautiful music with its repetetive elements which reminded me of the music of Philip Glass, it all has an almost hypnotic effect. Thanks a lot for this unexpected treat. Fantastic job.
are they one upping bill wurtz? cuz i gotta say if yes youre doing it well
It's clever and brief to condense the history of the earth for one hour, but at the same time, it can remind people how they stand on the earth and live. What is the value of existence?
why does the mesoarchaen era go so hard
what we as humans have achieved in the last thousands of years is quite remarkable.
Wait, I thought this was created in 7 days!?
Thank you so much for this. I was looking for such a documentary. Saved. If you could, would you publish an edit without voice-over that can run in the background indefinitly?
Can we have version without the music so we can fall asleep while watching this at 3 AM?
if at first after the collision with thea the planet was a big ball of lava, where did the water came from? also did i understand correctly, earths core starts to solidify from the center outwards? shouldnt be hoter at the center and colder outwards?
How can someone believe in a God after this
How long would a mortal brain last in an immortal body?
Thanks a lot for such great video, it's a difficult topic. Where did all the water come. How it got created in the first place. While the earth and sun and everything around was 30% more hot than today, why did the water not evaporated...???
Is it possible to like this video 4.5 billion times? 😊
where can i get this as a desktop wallpaper
This is AMAZING. Please do one for Mars too!?
was i the only one to watch the entire thing??
Have you guys found all 10 eastereggs? 😅
What a treat. Thank you Kurzgesagt team for everything you guys do.
Did Bill Wurtz inspire this? Be honest. I won't judge. He made one hell of a video. I like your animation style better, though.
What a masterpiece!  This should win multiple awards
Can you please explain the firmament
What a way to spend a friday night. This was truly wonderfull and special props to the backing tracks! LOVE IT!
why not just make the video 4.5 billion years long?
should I pay for this? i feel guilty watching this for free
Where is the full 4.5 billion year video?
Can you make video about whole human history in 1 hour.
Objection! We don’t think there was a mass extinction at the end of the Cambrian anymore. Plus what about the two at the end of the Devonian? And the end-Triassic, so soon after the Great Dying?
What on earth is that robot cheese wheel fish around 54:07?
WaitI had heard that at some point in time, plants were actually purple until they found out being green was better.  When did that happen?
When I was studying Geology I was told that there are some challenges to the thea impact theory, not sure where it went now.  I've also extracted zircon from igneous rocks. It's quite involved.
What a mesmerizing experience, well worth to watch the full hour without skips, and normal velocity.
i wonder how many "props to the cameraman" comments they're gonna be under this video, 4.5 billion perhaps?
What a masterpiece, thank you Kurzgesagt <3
What font did you guys use for this? It looks good!
How can it suddenly begin to rain in the Eoarchean?
Why don’t other planets get water like earth 🌍
What is that animal at 57:25?
Can I get the sound track? 😬
I wonder how big the tides where in the archeon since the moon was closer.
are you planning on releasing a more condensed version for those of us that don't have an hour to waste listening to music waiting for your next information dump?
What I love most: a discussion of all the phases that are normally glossed over. It's a much clearer picture of Earth's development than usual!
Where can i find more about the music used in the video?
It was good overall. but why were there algae doing disappearing acts?
How is it that this video is released right when I started getting interested in this stuff? Thank you so very much
It’s nice an all but did you ever see bill wurtz?
Love the video, maybe also a version without talking?
how time passes 1 second before you die:
I saw the glitch in the Siderian, was intentional?
In the first stage, would the crust and the mantle still be separate or would they be one mass of magma?
The Hadean soundtrack rules. Can I buy that somewhere?
What a nonsense. God created Earth 6000 years ago.
Sooooooooooooooooooooooooo when's the soundtrack gonna be available in the merch store??
What a wonderful science fiction fairytale story!
WHAT A 1 hour kurzegesagt video?! This might not be the dark timeline after all
29:43 why did it glitch???
فَبِأَيِّ آلاءِ رَبِّكُمَا تُكَذ ِبَانِ Which, then, of your Lord's blessings do you both deny?
Kurzgesagt where did you get the music from?
History of everything I guess 2.0?
who is watching in 4.500.000.001 ?
Can you guys please make a version where the parts where nothing much happens are like sped up? No pressure, I know how much time all this takes :)
What an amazing video, I'll admit I made heavy use of the fast-forward feature for the first 3.5 Billion years while trying my best not to miss the cool info tidbits but the whole thing was great, I'll probably listen to it again one evening while focusing on something else or going to sleep :3
epic mountain knocked it out of the park with this one, can we respect their efforts in making a 1 hour long ost for a single youtube video AND having it sound this good and varied throughout the whole experience?
1 Hour of Kuzr animation . . . Am i on heaven ?
29:42 "...which _rapidly_ cools the planet down" - by "rapidly",  they mean tens of millions of years?
okay but where is the great extinction due to the rise of oxygen in the atmosphere?
Has the theme for the 12,024 calendar been announced yet? If not, this should be it!
Wait... Isn't this like a song playlist for like the entire Earth history?
Are we on a rock floating through space?  How did this happen?
What an awesome idea - i'll watch to the end i promise - would be cool to see a year counter from 0 too tho!
During the 'floor is lava' era of Earth, how much force was all that radiating heat from the lava pushing the atmosphere outward with? And what effects has that had? How much activation energy was there in the atmosphere due to all this heat that could help with chemical reactions?
1 hour of kurzegesagt? What is this?! CHRISTMAS?
did this channel just drop an *animated* video that is *one hour* long with *self made* music? I am BLOWN AWAY
How come the top right says million, not billion years?
Most impossible game of "the floor is lava" : 1:40.... How will you survive?
i wonder if anyone actually watched the full hour without skipping
What software did you use to make these animations?
How long did this take to make???
can someone upload this to wallpaper engine?
there was also Ads in history of earth???
At 19:40 I thought, is this where the Doom Music kicks in?
no offense to the narration, but is there an option for just the video and music combo?
The music you choose is so fitting. Do you have a playlist of all the songs you use in your vids?
When the animators want to know how 4.5 Billion years of work feel
Why is this 4K and in 60fps… Dang all the effort really payed off!
When you got nothing to do on Veterans Day and they hit you with all of world history.
are you planning a 24 hour version of this video?
Can you make a 24h version?
is there a commentary free version of this? I would love that!
I could only understate how truly amazing this is the animation, music, and history.  Could we just have the hour but with just the animation and music with no commentary?
I wonder if someone who had lived all these years, would've been able to grasp the time span any better than we do. I don't think our brains are very good at that.
wouldn’t it have been more logical for the video to use a logarithmic time scale, since we know way less about stuff that’s older than newer stuff?
How long did it take the animation team to make this?
What kind of genre would you call the background music?
Could you release a version without any talking, this has some real potential, its very calm to listen to.  Still a great video.
Is that timer at the top right supposed to say Million or Billion? I’m confused
I love the music! What is it?
What an amazing video. Well done. Still watching and will watch at least once.
What a time to be alive. For your information offer, I would have had to sit in the library countless hours. Danke Kurzgesagt❤
What a start into the weekend, WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE !!!!! 🥳🤯
lets go, another amazing kurzgesagt video! also how do you pronounce your name?
So maybe this is a stupid question but how did the first rain begin? I know it began in clouds but as I understand it, clouds recycle water through evaporation and moisture in the air, and then dump it all out. But if there was no water on the earth when the first rain began, how did that happen?
what the actual... 1 hour???  How on earth! i mean yes thank you but like how?
How many vedios I have made this one timing was unpredictable my other me is very productive but this me is growing fast!
Wait. Id that an Archaeopteryx on 59:02??
what a grind, thanks kurzgesagt team
What a great moment to be alive
Is there a Kurzgesagt music album/record? There should be if there isn’t one.
When I saw the 1hr runtime on this video I really thought it was gonna be some compilation of old videos or something
What the fukc do you mean a year 😍😍
Wow this is insane, how was this planned?
Wait, really? Early Christmas present from Kurzgesagt?
How quickly did the moon lock tidally with the Earth?
How did scientists even discover all this? It seems surreal being able to tell the past to this detail.
Should I watch this at 2x speed?😂
How long did this take to render?
F is 4.5 billion years old. WHAT ABOUT e or g?????
Why did the moon fly away from earth after hitting it and then stop at a dustance to orbit? Wouldn't orbit have kept it right next to us immediately? Did it just bounce off liquid lava with such force it went back into space?
I've been waiting for a new video man, mind saying the reason for the delay?
How many man hours did this take to create? My guess is around 2000, but could be more could be less...  Edit: After seeing a lot of loops maybe 1k?
How it feels when I have to spend time with my inlaws
Is this video really 1 hour long? 😃
Who else was waiting for a kurzgesagt video? So that's why they haven't been posting for a while 🙌
A 1 Hour Kurzgesagt video? Is it christmas already?
Wow, that's ambitious !! 1 hour ???
really? the moment i sat down to study?
