To see more poachers caught, checkout this playlist 👉 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUAtWamqmtY&list=PL5GcyJPe60NgnGNRxGL4PkWxc6glT_e4E
12:13 .... Why does it look like he has bird shit all over his belly
Why are the Fines So So LOW"??? I hate these Sort of People!!! Taking everything and anything!!! Try do what you are doing in NZ" In South Australia!!!  JAIL BOYS. And you call your SELFS FISHERMEN. How F.....k...n  Sad. From South Australia...😔😪👎👎👎💘💘💘
What a garbage system.  Questioning them about their knowledge or intent?  Who cares?  It should be an absolute liability offence.  You're caught with excess/undersize, ergo you're a criminal and have a criminal record, with prison sentence or a ball-tearingly punitive financial penalty.  And forfeiture of any property involved in the crime, up to and including a house or land where fish is stored or processed.  The current system rewards criminals and guarantees the loss of our birthright as kiwis.
I don't get it what's wrong with them fishing for snapper can someone tell me
How tf did these overstayers get there boat back come on fisherys be more fkn ruthless otherwise your working for nothing
Hang on - why are the confiscated fish not being fed to the needing?
What a crock of shit these racket is . Taking boats , fines , yet throw the fish away and where duds the money go ? Nowhere good I would imagine 😂 .
What I don't understand is why throw the fish back into the sea, doesn't Australia have state ran children or old people homes where the fish can be donated?😢😢😢
Wo uses the word "Buster"??
Wtf is the point on throwing the dead fish back in the ocean? Just eat it bro, that was just stupid and a waste of food.
Lmao is it really worth it to get over the limit I don't understand why people do it. Selling it probably not worth much and fish is not the best tasting compare to beef.
Penalties are a joke. Need much harsher punishment for destroying a fishery.  In Florida it's a huge problem. How do you put a price on these kind of abuses? It's a selfish act.
Is that fishing vessel seaworthy?  At 0.55 it looks like most of the hulls external layer of steel on the port side has rusted away.  If that bloke has people working for him how is that a safe workplace? The skipper and his crew made absolute mugs of themselves remonstrating about the cameraman.  Hopefully they have some friends who can get through to them.
Which country is this?
Why can't the seized fish be donated  to a food shelter or charity? Such a waste if they're already dead
What is the difference between snapper vs scub or porgy?
