Jake Browning? Not doing to bad behind Burrow
I've been curious how much the way a ncaa team is run and the culture created by coaches and staff can affect how a player does in the nfl and how they handle the tremendous pressure from being in the league
really skipping over Trace McSorely? this liberal media man 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
What about that kid from Briar and he's wrapping number nine
15:34, uhh…what? 2019 was when the Jags thought they had their QB after they signed Nick Foles
Jarrett Stidham seems to be a good backup. Played well last season with the Raiders. Now behind Russ in Denver so we’ll see how he does if he ever has to go in.
Murray is the real enigma here. It's hard to tell if 2021 the team was a mess, and how much was him? Signing that outrageous contract didn't help. Well, it helped his pocket book. But only the most die hard fan would think he deserved that contract. He has looked great at times, often by running. But his numbers aren't great. 25-35-1 as a starter. 0-1 in the playoffs, and played poorly in that game. None of that adds up for a guy taken #1 overall, making some $40m a year, signed through 2027.
I'm interested to see how Kyler Murray plays in a traditional NFL offense under center.I don't think he ever has? He's played out of the shotgun dating all the way back to high school.I never knew who to blame for the Cardinals collapsing during the 2nd half of every season.Him or Kliff Kingsbury? It seemed as if defenses would figure out Kliff's gimmick offenses around week 7 of the season.Murray would look like an All Pro QB the first 7-8 weeks, but then look average to below average for the rest of the year.We'll see how he does with the new coaching staff.
how are you going to compare him to 3 diff QBs and then say he has a better arm and is faster than all 3? that's extremely inefficient analysis lol doesn't even make sense
No Trace McSorely references?
How do you not show the picture of Murray At the draft standing on the chair with Roger Goodell😂😂
Can you do what happened to the top 10 recruits from 2015
As I Giants fan, still to this day I’m confused why the Giants took a guy no one was gonna take so early, they had two 1st rd picks, they could have took LB Josh Allen and then DJ right after or even the 2nd round, they at least got Dexter Lawrence with their second 1st rd pick tho
Kyler Murray may come back from his torn acl
I still wonder if Dwayne Haskins hadnt tragically passed away, does Pittsburgh still draft Kenny Pickett in the first round. R.I.P. Dwayne Haskins.
Cards fan here. I wouldn't completely rule out K1 getting traded for some picks. K1 was a product of Keim and Kingsbury, and I could see Ossenfort and Gannon completely cleaning house and removing anyone from that period. We've seen it already with Nuk getting traded and rumors of Budda Baker wanting out. K1 can certainly ball and the best QB I've seen play since Carson Palmer's 2015 season, but with Drew Peltzig as OC and Gannon as HC, it's TBD if he fits their scheme unlike the Air Raid offense of the Kingsbury years.
why did you skip the 2018 draft?
As far as DJ goes. Outside of his rookie year, he's never had a top 30 O-line, he's had three head coaches in five years, and has one of the worst recieving cores in the league,  Do I think that he will be an elite QB...? No. Could he be an average to above average starter? Yes if all of the pieces the Giants have are able to come together.
It’s too early to rule out Kyler Murray, rest are horrible. Don’t dare say Daniel Jones is that guy.
Still dont know how minshew is a backup qb in the nfl. Eventually a team has to give him a decent shot... right?
You think Lock is at Seattle cause what’s Carroll thinks he can fix him? I think Wilson was successful because of Carroll
Anyone else remember the trace mcsorley song?
12:42 what song is that?
You have soo many bad takes... Murray will be back this week or next at the latest...do you even research or just copy and paste some clickbait bullsheet?
This class lacked any true franchise QB outside of MAYBE Minshew. Murray has the talent but appears to be too much of a head case to be the main guy.
KTO ik your a browns fan but do you have a second favorite team and if so, who is it?
