I wonder if Laurie strode will be able to be playable or called in like Tommy Jarvis in the Friday the 13th game
Why his head look too big for his body?
Idk how Michael looks in the game..or how he walks
Anyone notice the body dangling out the window of the house the girl runs out of??
Switch 2 port?
Will it be on Xbox?
What console will this be on or is it only PC?
How long fo think this will last before it ends up like the Friday the 13th game...
Are we gonna get different style Michael Myers like we did in Friday the 13th? Each movie had a more Distinct look.
Ilfonic and Gun Media, are you going to screw up this game too? Are you going to ruin this one too?
John wick where ya at?
I wonder if this will be any different from the other 3rd person horror games like Texas Chainsaw and DBD. If it's the same tired game mechanics again with a new license I'm not interested.
Is the gameplay just running in fear?
That voice-over was pretty rough. Did they not have any actors? LoL
Are we playing as the survivors or as Michael? I'm interested in this
bro this better be stop motion wtf are these animations man, solo dev i guess
Michael Myers I s Back?!
what platform will this be on.
Why they got Dr Loomis sounding like he’s reading in a shitty accent!?
A trailer for a Pinhead video game came out and now for a Michael Myers one!? Whats next? A Freddy Krueger video game?
will this game have tombstone? lol
How else will be pissed if this is another Friday the 13th situation in the future?
Uh oh gun media and Illfonic? It’ll last a year, get dumb skins then they’ll stop support
Do we get to play as Michael?
As awesome as this looks, why can’t they ever get the mask right? I’ve yet to see a Halloween video game where the mask looked screen accurate. I mean, you go to all this effort to detail everything right down to the original pumpkin but can’t get the mask right? Doesn’t seem like a hard ask.
Jesus, wtf is this goofy as bullshit? Sounds like it was repriced on a phone
you gon’ let me do my motherf*ckin dance 🕺🏾
So this isn't a dead by daylight clone!?
Is it coming out next year ?
This looks more like a sims dlc than a standalone game
I first thought it was a stop motion movie, movement kinda looks bad :/. And Michael walks silly
F13 Successor??!    WE BACK BOIZ!! 🙏🙌
So is this gonna be worked on by the devs for less than 2 years and also be abandoned like Texas Chainsaw?
Do we play as Michael?
We really needed a terrible Don Pleasance impression?
Is this a game?
Will this be kinda like Alien - Isolation, where you gotta have to hide and sneak away?
Singleplayer sounds promising, but with there being multiplayer I'll be mad if this is just another Dead By Daylight clone.
Michael Jackson? No, Michael Myers!
Is that ps2? That shit looks ugly.
Would like to know how it’s it going to work. Mission based? Are you Micheal or are you the victim? Open world? Can you kill just anybody or only who the game tells you? What is the objective of the game? To get to Laurie or somebody else?
Are they going to make games like this for every horror franchise out there? Games that'll last max 2 years before they're no longer supported? I don't get it.
So they cut off friday the 13th to give us Halloween? 🤯im for it
when is the release date?
Honest question how do you beat the game if he never (you know what) lol
Is this for real?
Is that voice fking Ai???? 😭
why does Michael look like he's on ozempic 💔
Not coming on switch?
Wtf is this? Can't be unreal engine 5...assets look terrible 😆🤣
So is this going to be like the Friday the 13 game?
Where are the iconic Musik from the nientest
So we know Michael will be playable in the asymmetrical multiplayer, but will be be playable in the single player? Cus call me a psycho, idk, but I’d love to be able to play as Myers and just go on a murderous rampage in Haddonfield.
Who keeps making this shit????
No ps4?? Ofc... wanna also see the gameplay , i also do like Michael's model and the mask!!!
Why is she running as though she's wearing an uncomfortable tampon
Why does Michael look like a bobble head?  🤣🤣
Singleplayer? Finally I can become a murder without having to pay subscription just to play online
Looks great but why can nothing or no one ever ever get Michael’s movements or walk right? It’s the same thing with most of the movies after the original. They always give him this annoying gangster like swag in his walk. He’s supposed to have this emotionless robotronic walk. James Jude Courtney got that right at least in the newest trilogy.
The model is not looking good, his head is too big and he got no shoulders and wtf are those Mario looking legs? ( C'mon man don't do Michael this way. )
Is Dr. Loomis' voice AI here or something wtf...
Ok but what will you do run away the entire time 😂
Why didn’t they get Gourley to do Loomis’s voice for this?
Where do I pre order ?
Where’s the knife?!?!
Why do players walk like toddlers?
Damn, PS2 graphics making a comeback? 👀
Ok. So are you playing as Michael?
Idk about Meyer's body proportions kinda looks like it could be a small woman.
Wait so this is gonna be like Friday the 13 game but Myers edition bro I wonder if you can play as Myers if not it's gonna be like those mobile Myers game
What is that animation
do anybody know if the game is the same as the movie ?
Bro is it just me or the animation and models look terrible? It looks like a bunch of free assets with mixamo animations. I hope the actual game looks better than this. Also I think it would be cool if you played as Michael, but since it says multiplayer too idk about that  Also terrible impression and it’s made by gun… i don’t have much hope for this
Will the game play match Friday the 13th?
Are these the guys that made the Friday the 13th game?  If so I hope they do better on this game
How is this a passable trailer 🤣
I have a question why Boogeyman's body looks small than his head , I mean his body looks weak overall the game theme is excited that I feel in movie
Is this from the same creators that abandoned their other projects ?
Just Xbox or?
Can anyone please tell me what songs kendrick sounds like drakeo on? Kendrick uses some slang drakeo made up but other than that i dont hear it.
Are we going to get different masks of Michael like Halloween 4 or 5 or just the one we see?
I mean I love the original Halloween, but how will single player levels work? I can't imagine every level will just be like try and escape a little Cape Cod style house while Michael hunts you down.
Is this by the same people who made Friday the 13th?
Hide and Seek with Micheal Myers? Yeah...I´m dead already. 😆
Am i weird for thinking a story mode as Michael would be dope or
why even show this lol
is the shape from DBD? 😱
Um, his suit is actually more green than blue in the original movie. Also, why does he walk like a 70 year old Nick Castle? And... the jack o' lantern isn't 100% accurate.
Please tell me this will be a retro, side-scrolling beat-em-up
Is this going to be like Friday the 13th and Texas Chainsaw Massacre?
Why can't we get good horror games anymore?
Exactly how much of a single player game are we talking?
I'm already tired of Michael Myers 🥱🥱, when will we see Jason again, we haven't heard from him since 2009 😢😢
I wonder if you get the play as him or if you’re playing against him. These will be some of the sickest kills ever.
Another game they’re gonna yank the servers from?
For what game system? Is it gone be on PlayStation?
man, hellraiser now this??? what is goin gon
why is Michael’s head so big and disproportionate to his body? 😂 surprised I haven’t seen anyone mention this. He doesn’t look too much like Halloween 1978
Can we have a game where we get to see what Michael Myers gets upto for the other 364 days of the year?   Fixing up the roof on his shack, befriending a lost dog, long hot summer nights sat out on the decking together....the dog doing all the talking because Michael's not the talkative type. Giving the mask a break and watching YouTube tutorials on face painting??
why she running like she has to take a big sh1t real bad??
When is the game coming out?😮
Why’s it always old characters, can’t they make new original ones?
What’s with the PS2 level animation? Really took me out of it.
Please tell me he will look way better than this in the game lol
Real question chat how real can this beeeeee
Could it be? The predecessor to the Friday the 13th video game????
What would I search up to get the music of Micheal chasing Laurie?
Where's Caliber at?
Wait for next year for a game where u run from him made by the same trash that did Texas chainsaw? Naw im good wtf is wrong with games
Michael vs Jason game shit what about a Freddy game 🤔🤔
Looks cool but what are you actually gonna be able to do? Run from Michael? Be Michael? Just reenact the story of the 1978 film? After that’s done, what then?
Does anyone know what the single player game play is gonna be like?
why does Michael look like a little kid with his mask on 😂😂
Can we play as Michael Myers? Or just run from him all game?
Sooo yall get the full rights this time? Or are we going to RELIVE Friday the 13th?  Wait it’s just in this is only “single player” Gun your a joke
Why not just combined an updated Jason game and the Halloween game together and make everyone happy?
Who is that girl in the red jacket?
Why's so many people already saying goofy shi when it's just a game trailer?.. Sheesh many of you are pathetic
Was the voice over paid $2 for this? And did they run out of budget for that running animation? Lol
Is this supposed to be the new Friday the 13th game people was talking about 2 weeks ago?
Who greenlit this trailer?
Can someone explain why the graphics are absolutely garbage this supposed to be a new game but it’s looking like it’s not even done with production yet ai games are horrible anymore 🥱 😂
Is this real or fan made
What's with the PS2 animation?
So new Mike got gout!? With that limp 😂
Who would you play as? There's not really a winner...
Soooooo, is this gonna be a dead by daylight bs game or this gonna be an actual game? Trailer doesn't give you enough to go off of. Don't know if I should be excited or disappointed.
What about Texas Chainsaw Massacre?
Hmmm if I get this game, should I play it at night with all of the lights off?
I love 😊this game trailer but doe’s anyone know the voice of the narrator is 🤨
Tombstone Michael Incoming?
Is this fr?
why is he so small??? His shoulders should be bulky and he should be way taller then that
Why are his shoulders so puny?
Fine,no "story mode",so we're gonna get bored after a few matches,am I wrong?
I wonder how long this will last compared to Jason and tcm
are you the slasher or the babysitter?
am i the only one that thinks the mask looks a little too big on the character model
Is it me or does the voice over sound like A.i
So do you actually play as Michael ? Or one of the teens trying to survive ?
Is this gonna be another dead by daylight bullshit ass game?
Is this  ‘Legos Halloween’ ? wtf are these characters ?
Ps5 or not ??
Is this?? I remember seeing a demo for a fan made Halloween game years ago. Is the same game?
Wat game system will this be on?
I wonder if Jamie Lee Curtis approves this
So michael is getting his own video game, i remember friday the 13th and jason got their own video game, i never played it myself but I heard it was interesting, who's the next guy to get his own game freddy krueger!?
Why is there a British Narrator?
Why is his head 3 times bigger than it should be
Xbox PlayStation or just pc ?
Were any humans involved in making this?
So is this for console or pc ?
My question is why does he never run like does he do it to aura farm
oh Gun is behind this? it'll be garbage
Is it bad that I just want a single player game where you’re Michael? Make it like Hitman or something akin
Why does Michael walk like he's seriously constipated?
Why not drop it on Halloween???
Singleplayer? Now I'm curious
What's with the narrator? He freaking sucks, I couldn't take the trailer seriously because of him
Let me guess… it’s another dead by daylight kind of game
Nightmare on Elm Street game next? With Robert England reprising the voice of Freddy and Heather Landercamp back as Nancy.
Why does Loomis sound drunk?
Is Gordon Ramsay voicing Loomis?
Well that's.... something I guess. Did they make this in 2005? The animation reminds me of the Evil Dead game from that year
Will your bets repeat the fate of Friday the 13th?
How do we get this game?? How can I play it ??
But who’s the payer character?! The final girl or Michael?!
Do we get to play as Michael or just survivors
So will this actually be a story or just online??
Why why why would Illfonic ever partner with Gun again? Smh  This looks so goofy lmao no thanks, not spending another dime on another dead game in the making 👎🏻
Why is Behaviour adding an old chapter a second time?
this ain’t UE5 is it??? holy graphics
How much wanna bet games gonna be like $130.   80 bucks for standard edition
Someone please tell me where rhis game is & the name please
2026? Why even show us this atm?
Why does it look like one those game ads made with AI? :/
Idk if I want to trust gun with their past history IPs Friday the 13, Texas chainsaw massacre anyone??? Are there going to be a lot bugs OPs mechanics
I'm curious how the Single Game is going to play out?? I thought it was going to be like the Jason game, DAF!!!
Will this be a first person or third person game ?
2026?! Was hoping for this Halloween.
I can overlook the Loomis impression not being perfect, but couldn't they at least make him sound British?
Why wasn’t this recommended yesterday!?
Is this going to be like a Friday the 13 game?
Single player as well? YES PLEASE 🙏
Also why does Michaels mask look twice as big as everything else on him??
I'm sorta hyped about this but when's Illfonic & Gun Media making an Elm Street game?
He looks like the Mariah Carey memes idk
How many multi-player asymmetrical horror games that are only gonna last a few years do we really need?
Please tell me we can play as Dr. Loomis❤
Can we fast forward to release day now? 👀
How many assymetric games would it take before they realized people wants an actual single player/story mode of those franchise What how the "singleplayer" gonna be some short objective based "mini game" and not a fully fledge actual singleplayer story mode.
Please fix the animations. It looked choppy and laggy and pretty bad. Also, why does Michael look like he has no neck? So many things wrong with this trailer already 🙄
Michael gotta be 50 by now WHAT WILL TAKE HIM DOWNN
Please tell me it's not VR!! 🙏🏼
So will this be yet another "TCM", "K***Klowns from Outer Space"or "Friday the 13th" asymmetrical game that will die after a few months?
I wonder will other legacy characters be in video game from the series.
What's the point?
Whys mike waddling out like hes got a butt plug in? Oh boy here we go again with Gun
How long do you think it will take for the Drags to come from DBD and complain about the balance? Start the clock
That voiceover is annoying and why is Michael's head so big?
I mean where's the game play this is gonna be like Texas chainsaw
Why does the voice over sound like Ed Wood?
Are we bringing back the random games like the early 2000’s?
Uh oh. Gun has their hands on this? 🤢
I am so hyped for this game — it looks like it will have both single-player and multiplayer modes. Does anyone know if it’s going to support crossplay (between consoles and PC)? Because Friday the 13th didn’t have that, and I think it would make a big difference for this game
How is this game going to be played I wonder? I’m excited and confused at the same time. 🤦🏾‍♂️😂
Is it supposed to be like a cartoon?
is it going to be like jason and the texas chain saw? i want like an open world/ plat former.
Is this for consoles?
Can I be Michal though and go on a rampage?!?;
I loved it so much but why did you use AI to make this even the voice acting
What about the Meta Quest..we need games also
Is this just going to be another one of those games, but like Halloween???
Are you guys seriously going to trust Gun again? After what they did to Friday the 13th and TCM? They showed over and over how much they don't care about their player base, and you're still giving them money? Are you guys really that dumb? Wow, ok. Good luck!
Can someone please tell me if it is just like the other game? Or did they change everything and mess it up
Illfonic? Idk bout this.
Does anyone know what's an experience? Never heard about this form of media/entertainment.
Why does Dr. Loomis sound like Cary Grant though?
What is that Loomis voice?!
its a play 2 game ??? what is this animations ???
The walking and running is off. AI? Looking forward to this tho for sure.
Who is Michael Myers? Michael is a human incarnation of pure evil. Waiting gameplay.
I wonder if they will let you play as Michael? I've been a huge fan for years...when I go see the new movies I'm in the Theater like "Killem Mike" 😂
Gun is involved? Doth the tales of Texas Chainsaw Massacre and Friday thine 13th not fall upon one’s conscience?
My question is, will it end up like Friday the 13th game. Loved that game and was discontinued
Survival horror?
Why is Myers so skinny looking? His appearance looks like someone cosplaying Myers. Mask to big, shoulders to small...
So is this basically going to be a try and escape game like Texas chainsaw and Friday the 13th? I hope not I was a good RPG story or something.
What the actual eff is that voice acting? Is that a joke?
Why she run like that 😂
Why his head look so chonky
Is it just me or do the proportions on Myers look off?  Notably the head looks comically large and upper body looks shorter than it needs to be.
Is that all you people do is complain?!
why does it look like a ps2 game, and not in a good way?
Why not just play dbd? I feel like just one killer with one play style would be borrrring
Am I trippin or is Michael's legs super long? And do the walking/running animations look weird? Like over done or over exaggerated?
The real question is what dose he do on his off days. Go for walks bake cookies. And pay those bills.
So Jason Voorhees gets a game, now Michael Myers gets a game. Who's next, Freddy Krueger? (Please let it be Freddy Krueger)
Please tell me we are getting a slasher game where the slasher is supposed to win. Every one of these games just becomes a cake walk for the survivors a week in when they figure out what the meta is.
Jesus Christ, is Gun just going through every major horror franchise, turning it into an asymmetrical horror game and then abandon it? Loved their Texas Chainsaw Massacre one at first, until they got lazy and sloppy with maintaining the game. Not making the same mistake twice.
How does it take almost 50 yrs for a proper Halloween game? I just don't understand.
Am I the only one who thinks Michael is very thin???
Why his head so big 😅
Why is she running like the aliens off Mars Attacks 😂😂
interesting, is there a reason why all these old horror IPs decides to make games at this moment in time?
What's with the voice... Sounds like a teenager pretending to be an old man...
Is it just me or does this trailer look trash there's something weird about it right?
Lol, could they not get someone who sounded like Donald Pleasence? That guy sounds  horrible.
Is this coming to playstation and xbox?
Hey Gun, can you let me know when you decide to abandon this game just so I dont waste money on it?😊 rip TCM
Will we get to play as Michael Myers and Hamie Lee Curtis? Or will it be a multiplayer game like Friday the 13th?
Wheres the Freddy one? Imagine playing as a dream warrior
Friday the 13th 2???
Ok what the hell is the actual game? I hate trailers like this that literally reveal zero about the game.
Wonder how they'll pull this game off when Michael Myers doesn't run if they stay true to the movies
Hmm i wonder what this game will be like in a couple years.. probably in the GRAVE
wtf.. is that Michael Myers model.. jesus !00% will not buy it like this..
Is Jamie Lee Curtis doing voice/mo-cap work in this?
Gun media?  No thank you . . .
Another friday the 13th?
These graphics look pee pee poo poo Wagwan wit dis?
Looks like kinda wonky animation.  Hopefully this isnt some friday the 13th/texas chainsaw game clone
how many months until they turn off the servers?
Will Big John and Little John be playable characters?
Are we ever going to get Michael vs. Jason?
PLEASE TELL ME LAURIE WILL BE IN THE GAME 🙏
Does he have a tombstone add on though?
why does the voice over sound like a bad robotic AI?
If actual game footage is not represented, then why show anything at all?
Really?
Why does Michael just walk like a normal person with swag lol, that's so wrong and don't look right
can we stop trusting GUN media with these franchises, they're 0 for 2 with live service games :/
Oh boy, if this game shown? I wonder how the license will effect for myers in dbd?
This Voice over sucks if you aren't gonna change the dialogue why not give us Lumis? Cause you  didn't want to pay his estate?
I saw the game for sale on switch 2 at my local Walmart the other day??? Wasnt a pre order , has this already been out for the switch??
Did they use AI for the narrator why does it sound so awful
Wonder if this will be on Switch 2?!
Maybe jason could one day return
Is this even a game? I have learned nothing about what this will be.
Wait what???....
Is there a campaign?
Are we gonna play as Laurie or Michael?
let's see if Illfonic and Gun support a game longer than 6 months this time
.... is this whole trailer made with AI... like, even the voiceover does not sound human.
Why's his head so damned big?
Is this for the ps3?
Is this for real ?
Is she drunk? Who runs like that...
Is this the Friday the 13th game reincarnated pretty much?
Whys everyone shitting on gun media? Friday the 13th was awesome and i thought ppl loved TCM?
Is this like friday the 13th multiplayer game? Cause that would be amazing
Dude. They had one job 🤦🏾‍♂️ how TF did you get his proportions off? Look how big his damn head is and how little his shoulders are? Seriously y'all need to redo the modeling.
nga wtf is this
Is there an official release date?
Can it please be like Michale is a compute tired of online players being in control
nice to see singleplayer but it should be singleplayer only an first person
I love the trailer but the Doctor's voiceover sounded a bit robotic and AI sounding. Am I wrong to assume that? 🤔
2026? Why not for this holiday season?
Need to fix that walk animation. Michael doesn't really move his arms when he walks
The graphics look… questionable
why micheal myers is a framecel?
how long can they hold up the rights to the character?
What are these graphics man Jesus I swear I’m almost so done with gaming bruh 🤦🏾literally finna retire from ts
Is this a movie 😮
Mayers looks too skinny? Too short? There’s something off, making him less imposing as you see him in the movie.
What is this game going to do for the multi-player genre that DBD or Friday hasn't already done especially with only 1 killer... Meh
How will this game be any different than Texas Chainsaw Massacre or the Space Jokers?
Can someone tell me why people are against Gun being involved with this game? I don’t know anything about them.
How do the same people acquire these IP's just to make a game that shuts down after a year
Will the multiplayer just be like Friday the 13th game?
Is the voiceover ai?
why is he so skinny
Why Michael’s head looks so big 😂
Why did the voice acting sound AI... is it because...?
Gee I wonder what day in 2026 it will come out, if it isn’t Halloween day just don’t even do the game lol
Bro is that ai voice from the professor? I hope it’s not and you hired a good voice actor.
Please tell me this is real
what is that character model for mike meyers? big ass head and narrow shoulders. like what this scrawny lil guy gonna do?
why is Gun still allowed near video games
arent those gun. guys the same ones who did that awful balanced pay to win Texas Chainsaw Massacre game? come on they have a lot to prove this time
why do they move like sims lmao and why does the narrator sound like he's doing a parody of the original guy?
Single player? My wife and I are stoked!
Oh great another game from Gun/Illfonic. Wonder if this will be a temporary game like Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Evil Dead, and Friday the 13th. I give this game 3 months tops before it gets abandoned.
Do we play as Michael?
Oh no...Gun Media is behind this game? That can't be good...
why should I trust gun
RIP DBD contract?
Gun Interactive?!  I give it's less than a year.
No actual gameplay footage.... so, how are going to make a whole game out of this?
Is this big head mode ??
havent you bombed enough games?  F13: Was fire so that wasnt your fault  predator: trash  texas chainsaw: fun but became horrible  this? probably another failure unless its more like F13
Is this a real game ?
0:01 I wonder what that sound is.
Until next year??😮‍💨
So when are we gonna get a scream game?
Single player? FINALLY
Where's Ash when you need him, right?
It's a good trailer. But what the hell did they do with Donal Pleasance voice?! It just sounds so off. I know he's long gone, but it's just strange.
What's up with all the horror  movie games.  Hellraiser, the new alien game. I'm sure I'm missing another one.
I wonder if this game be similar to how Friday The 13th played.
Why does every horror game trailer use really goofy movements for their models.
Why does this look like a late gen PS2 cutscene?
Assuming no official release date yet? Can’t wait to try it out
Illfonic?  Hopefully it doesn't die out after 6 months..  Hope there's single ans multi player
i wonder what the "single player" experience entails. do they mean bot lobbies? or is it going to have a story mode?
So will we be able to play as Micheal?
How does gun keep getting work? They only just stopped dancing on TCM dead body and now they have halloween in their grubby mits is astonishing.
Can illfonic and gun media leave games like this alone and let a different better company make it
Ok so we got thing and now Halloween when are we going to get a escape from new York game or a snake plissken game and have Kurt Russell do the voice
Gun's making this? I give it a week.
What if Micheal Myers was in Freaker Friday
Are you playing as micheal or a victim?
What do they mean by single player and multiplayer? Will it have an actual campaign with a separate multiplayer mode or is it just that you can play the multiplayer mode by yourself? I would prefer the first option. I’m tired of multiplayer horror games.
Is this going to be like the Friday the 13th game?
How are we the player contrlling myers supposed to catch up with the survivers when myers doesn't run
What console?
Ugh why cant it be just single-player
Is this a new dead by daylight dlc??
How do we really know michael doesnt have emotion? Maybe the problem was that loomis was just a shitty psychiatrist.
Will they release physical copies or is this going to be purely digital
Can i play as mike myers the comedian?... And as Mike Mike? (matan even's sidekick)
Didn’t they learn from Friday the 13
Well lets see if you have to run from him or if you play as him in single player
Why do they keep getting these ip when the fuck up every one and then drop support for it shortly after
Is it me or is the voice over sound like its AI generated? It sounds so off to me for some reason.
Is there a multiplayer option?
What is it with IllFonic and running animations
When has Michael ever walked swaying side to side? Little nitpick.
Will it reach its full potential after year 1 of release?
So what is this just a remake of the Atari 2600 game?
a fucking single player halloween game?!! omfggg🤤🤤
Is it gonna be on xbox??
Is this a Remake of the Atari 2600 game?
Why his shoulders so narrow though?
Is this AI? Looks cheap af
Hellraiser and then this??? us horror movie fans are eating good
Is this going to be a multiplayer game or a single player game
Man idk this is cool af but what they did to f13 the game and Tcm how can we trust this 🤔 🤨 also they better bring this to the Nintendo switch 2 don’t see why it’s not listed 😮‍💨
This is a joke right?
God sakes man I thought this was a movie don’t ask why, but happy for a game,
Not sure if I'm sold on this game yet......
I'm sorry, but what is that voice acting 😭
Can we get A Nightmare On Elm Street 1984-2003 with Wes Craven as an executive producer?! Freddy Vs Jason as the final mission!
Is this why there is an updated Myers gameplay on one of the hotfix patches in DBD?
What is the name of this new Michael Myers game
don't know if i have much trust in another Illfonic+Gun (Media/Interactive) project of this kind, after the neglect the Friday the 13th game got from them
Why is this narrated by Ringo Starr?
Did Gun kick TCM to the curb so they could focus on making this ?
Anybody know what system it would be for?
Guys im excited af! But WHY does the head look so big?! Fix that!
Why is his frame so small
Can you get a good single player nightmare on elm street game
Where’s Friday the 13th?
The question is scratched mirror myers or tombstone? *drops pallet*
surely this game won't get abandoned as quick as the texas chainsaw
Behavior out here like are we a joke to you.
Is this going to be another dead by daylight style
I wobder will michael myers have other styles to wear
Wtf is this shit???
another drop and dump game from gun media? Who is falling for this scam lol.
How exciting? This seems like a hard task to tackle. I am pumped.
Why didn’t they just use Donald Pleasance’s actual voiceover from the movie?
How do you do a single player Halloween game, lol
😮is it asymmetrical
Will Myers have a sidekick like in the recent movie ? ^^
Did Dead by Daylight have to suffer another loss for this to happen?
1963? I thought it was in 1978?
Next year?!   bro😒
Why does it look lower budget than The Texas Chainsaw Massacre game if it's made by the same people?
I thought we would’ve learned from the last time, why is gun working on this?!
What’s the boogeyman?
Is this a joke? 2026 game with 2000 graphics. Games are getting laughable. The voice over shows all the hopes I have for this game.
With Malek and John Carpenter behind the project how the hell did they approve that Dr. Loomis voice actor narrator? That was the worst thing of that whole trailer that nearly ruined the whole experience for me. That was awful! Hire a new voice actor ASAP before release or get permission from Donald Pleasance estate to include his voice dialogue.
Is this another one of those lame online games with no story just random online play like Jason or Texas chainsaw. I’m good I’ll pass. Even the narrator sucks
how does GUN have ANOTHER IP to butcher?
So TCM died for this ? 🙄
Is it gonna be like every other horror movie video game, where it gets worse over time and then just stop getting supported?
I wonder if Myers will be pulled from Dead by Daylight too.
I wonder if it's gonna be like Friday the 13th the game or if it's gonna be a story game
So how long after launch will this one shit down Gun.?
Why does Michael's head look so much bigger than his body?
What system?
asymmetric stealth horror =\    wHY CAN'T WE HAVE STORY DRIVEN HORROS GAMES WITH THESE BIG IPS?
I just want to know how much of the game will be singleplayer because it's safe to say the multiplayer aspect will be dead in a year like every other Illfonic game
Yeah but is it gonna be good, where you have ragdoll physics, where you can kill multiple ways, you have story lines, it’s very bloody. I hope it’s good.
i wonder if they're gonna use different stages from all the movies
How about a Nightmare on Elm Street Game?
Single and multi ?
Why does this studio keep getting these movie rights to games? After how both TCM and F13 games were handled?!
Is this from the same people who made Friday the 13th?
So do u run around killing horney teenagers? Or is this another hide and seek with no weapons?
Is Jamie Lee Curtis involved..
Is there a story mode to this or just another online game
