How does one become a truth vampire? Why is complexity linked to Creation?
This shit is bananas. I ate a banana. Are you proud? I didn’t cry. Cock tastes better than over ripe banana.
And what "culture" does this come from?
All you need is ... cash????
Did they hire that woman in the crowd with her great big HA HA HA HA HA?!?😜🤪
Not one love song Bill listened to convinced him to fall in love and put a ring on? 😂
Doubt Dave Grohl would get down with this beat…
I wonder if Bill knows many of these artists get paid by these designer labels to be mentioned in their songs. It's just another form of marketing, just like product placement in movies and tv shows.
Everybody?? I don’t know of any metal bands that flaunt their wealth.. maybe the metalcore or scene bands do but we don’t consider them metal.
over 150 years of property rights here in America, is the flaunting over yet?
Find me a pop /rap/ country song made in the 2000s that is not about things, drugs, sex, or another half backed love song..
Formula for the radius of a circle? Did he even attend the 8th grade?
Wait, Bill, is your salary 10M?!?  🙄
Did this clown really just give Tina Turner credit for “Proud Mary”?
No one else hates the fake laughing? Every time I watch the show I cringe..I just want to know I’m not alone
There was no blatant materialism  in 70's and 80's hair bands?  Poor Bill is an old man who forgot.  I never heard of a band selling out in the 1960's or 1970's. 😂😂  .
What is this terrible new laugh track? Get gone loud haha
Anyone else wish that Bill would have given that Proud Mary credit to Creedence Clearwater Revival--where it belongs?
What do you think happens when you Bill promote not having kids and support women just working for the man to earn a lot of cash just to blow it on unnecessary materialistic things. The key to happiness is to share that happiness with someone else not something else.
Oh really? So some redneck from Springfield OH, Mobile AL, or some place in Deep South grows in privilege? 😂
what do people expect tho when you need to be earning good money to even live these days.
Why do these rants always have that one over the top laugher in the audience that seems like they just learned how to laugh yesterday and the mic is 3 inches from their mouth.
My favorite lyric is Mother should I trust the government
Don't ask me the formula for the radius of a circle?😅😅
What’s this “bling” shit?  When I was a kid all I wanted was to stay outside for an extra hour to play hockey under the street lights.
who is also hearing this woman laughing?
Where's your evidence?
I feel numb,  what are the values of today’s: bloomers beside believers in social media to give them an answers and AI  yet to come @.
Wasn't the first slave owner in America black Bill?  You can't fix stupid.
Was there a Kookaburra in the crowd?
0:54 I'll never get into this show no matter how much I like Maher. Why are people laughing at moments like that? The fuck is funny about any of that?
How about a category for songs that don't call people B*tch or H*e.
So just what is Bill Maher's net worth? LOL!
Money may not buy happiness, but for most it does make problems go away.  And after that a whole.new group of problems begin. So the answer to this question is to figure out either what that monetary figure is that makes life more comfortable for the most people or we  an begin to find out how to cure that sickness that appears to live in the heart of every human being.
When did Bill Maher turn into Andy Rooney?
Why are Jews still getting reparations for something that didn't happen in this country ❓ Seems suspicious 🤔
The monologue is very good, however the clapping after every sentence is highly annoying. Why does Bill allow that? If it's to feed his ego, that is sad. He should not need constant validation at this point in life. His monologue was great. No need to signal to the audience it was great.
Boy, since when did Maher start sounding liberal about anything?? 😑
Who runs the music companies? Who controls the marketing. Follow the money and see the brain washing going on since 1980.
I wonder where this capitalist mindset came from.
why just white suburban spoiled kids, how about black middle class to obama officials SPOILED as well.  Sad.
Hmm.. I was only aware of two songs - one by Pink Floyd and the other by Abba.
wait a minute ..how about romantic love songs like My Neck My Back by Khia??
What’s wrong with wanting stuff?  You have stuff, don’t you, Bill?
Who wants their neighbor go african?
Does everyone realize that Hip Hop/Rap has been around for 40 years? I've been tired of it for 35 and ready for a move on.
Wait: was that anti politically correct bill Maher cancelling opposing views? He’s now just an old millionaire conservative criticizing the dream of being rich he had in his own youth. Hypocrite!
How expensive is your suit, Bill?
The formula for the radius of a circle?  Does Bill have a learning disorder?
Gee, how old is 'Material Girl' by Madonna now?  The 'blame the music for your children' meme is as old as she is.
Also, just a complaint: Can we get rid of that Gaf stuff where they slow down a classic to unbearable speeds and add a huge amount of echo effect?
Why does he keep smacking his lips and making mouth noises?
The Boomer/Xer cohort exalted crass consumerism.  Is it the Millenial/Zoomer's fault that they learned by our example?  Did the 80's not happen to you, Bill?
Often I see young folks listening to the music I grew up on, or classical music a century or more old, and they love it.  I then try to listen to new stuff and wonder: will anyone remember, let alone reference, this junk 50 or 100 years from now?
Pink Floyd never made a song named "Money"?  Led Zep never talked about "buying a stairway to heaven"? Dire States with "Money for Nothing" There have been songs about money since there have been songs.
Question, how much are you worth. And what do you own with all the money you make.
Will you please stop that effeminate, smug tongue-clicking?
Who is the woman in your audience every week with the loud obnoxious laugh?
Might sound good, though one has to wonder. When cows keep eating grass, maybe it's not the grass that's deciding it. At most you can argue it's a feedback loop: you're materialistic, so you listen to materialist music and get confirmed in your beliefs. True for anything really. And it can be bad, it's how bubbles turn into stratification.  But yeah, something's going horribly questionable. Probably part of the new religion, the gospel of envy. It's almost as if it's designed to try and fix the problem in a way that cannot work. You're miserable, so you do things that make you feel terrible and that make others miserable. Sure you get a little kick out of that, but once the high wears off, you need more and more. It doesn't work. A little money can buy you satisfaction. Beyond that, it doesn't buy you much happiness... and most of that happiness doesn't cost much. It just burns in your pocket, and becomes an obligation to buy more stuff you don't need.  Let's not even get into the idiocy when you finance that with debt.
I've got to know! How does Bill feel being "Talked Down To" on his HBO SHOW, guest Gavin Newsom (Governor of Calf.?
Aren't nearly all of those songs he listed in the rap or hip hop genre?
Could that be a "professfional laugher" in the soundtrack? Sounds. awful.
I wonder what kind of crap Bill buys? Plenty, I'm sure.
I like your style, make me laugh lots, but the root cause is missed. Why does the music have this theme?   Art and culture study would be my first research area.  My initial guess is the theme is a simple side effect of current culture as opposed to it is being done to simply entertain.   More importantly, who owns the keys to throttle music?  And do they promote more when they see it promotable?   This was a good topic to bring to the surface.  But it is not surprising when looking at social media's hold on 8 year olds throughout their teen experiences.  Look through social media to see all the fake wannabe teens posts as if they made it to the big time, example holding brand name purse as symbol they are touching high society.  Narcissists playground, social media.    In sum, you have merely hit the symptom, not the root cause.
why do they keep refering to rap as music?
“You spent your whole advance on two chains and a Gucci verse?”  Mac miller
You Forgot The Song Money, Money, Money, Money Bill Maher Of Real Time With Bill Maher?
How many popular songs right now are about love?  Actual love?
How much music is out today vs how much was bottlenecked by the industry back in the day isn’t really fair.
Why does bill assume all these rappers grew up poor? Some of them did but some of them grow up middle class folk.
Is he delusional? He really doesn't think materialism was around until 1990?
Is Kamala Harris in the audience? That laugh…
When and why did Maher's producers start hiring professional laughers, and *where* did they find these people? They're so loud and obnoxious and their timing is atrocious. Maher even had to pause after saying kids are raised by pop stars for the laugher to get out that obnoxious "Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!" @ 1:38. Pure cringe.
Bill, your fake laugh track is obnoxious! Why?
Who the fuck is that woman laughing like a cartoon
Is this why diamonds are losing their value?
Bill, why this nonsense? Let's ignore the fact that "Pink Floyd" literally wrote a song called "Money", older songs talk about revolutions and change. And you did jack shit. You for one are extremely rich though.  Songs are just songs. Kids understand that, believe it or not.
How long you been doing this.
Also, on a somewhat related topic, why do rappers have to give the finger when they take a photo? It’s the most cringiest thing I have ever seen.
Who the fuck is the annoying audience member with the loud fake laugh!?
Why?  Because the only music that get exposed is the music that is cleared by the corporate music executive 😊
So greed isn’t good anymore?
How did he KNOW?
That one lady's laugh felt very personal, I'm contemplating what have I done.
OK - so baseball stars and football stars whi make millions for playing a game - I'm sure none of that has any influence in children, right?  OH yeah, then there are all the cable shows with wealthy housewives - none of that influences children, right? Or shows like Shark Tank which make celebrities out of billionares - none of that has any influence on children, right? Etc. The whole culture is obsessed with wealth and has been that way for decades.
Did you sell BLM a mansion?
Is the Joker's WIFE in the auidience?
What if the dyspeptic Boomers have a point?
What's up with the fake laughing and clapping?
Remember when the blacks made good music?
What about "Diamonds Are the Girls Best Friends"?? There are more songs about materialism in the past. That's not just a current trend, but I can see that it's gotten worse. Also most of these materialistic songs come from a capitalist country...so there's that.
I hope those laughs are fake....why would people be laughing at the ridiculousness and actual lies these pop stars spew out that have no basis on love, friendship, relationships and things that matter.
I just want to know how old you have to be to agree with him because I’m there guys
Give up your advertisers bill???
How much money does Bill Maher have?
Have you listened to Olivia Rodrigo?
Can someone get bitter grandpa a cookie, some milk and anything else to do?
4:05 isnt that originally CCR Song?
Wonder what that idiot Killer Mike thought of all that.
Don't they get sponsoring deals for mentioning products in their lyrics? What's the surprise then?
What about the song "Money Money" by ABBA?
Also, didn't this happen before with hair metal in the 80s and grunge in the 90s? The change from affluence and partying to general sadness?
WTF boomer boy, so at worst your dumb kid is inspired to be rich???  In boomer boy's youth John Wayne was rockin' Chesterfield ads on TV,  wtf?? One kills you , the other the kid grows out of it or actually becomes rich by not sittin' like a bump on a log ... lyrics??? Words???? Didn't we settle that in Senate Hearings in the 80s just for precious cupcakes like you, Billy? 👀
What about “Money” by Pink Floyd? You know, the song from one of the most popular albums of all time? Or Dire Straits’ Money for Nothing?
Which is the cause and which is the effect? I will bet bratty spoiled kids grow up to become musicians (who professionally go by whatever stupid AOL nickname they thought up when they were 10) who make music about spoiled bratty stuff.
Can the show start vetting audience members on their obnoxious laughter? Jeez.
What happened to "Eat the Rich" and "Freakin At The Freaker's ball?"  Yes, I'm old. So what?
What about Pink Floyd's song Money?
How is his argument different than “playing violent video games makes you violent”? Because that argument has been debunked time and time again.
Has he listened to the pastors that endorse Donald Trump and the likes of Marjorie Trailertras Greed?
Has he listened to the pastors that endorse Donald Trump and the likes of Marjorie Trailertras Greed?
Where's the lie??
What’s the problem with sad songs?
What's with all the sad sierreño
Ow Bill, just two songs about money? How about 1) The O’Jays - for the love of money  2) Hollywood Beyond - What’s the color of money  3) Liza Minelli - Money makes the world go around  And a penny for your thoughts, a nickel for a kiss, a dime if you tell me that you love me 🤷🏻‍♀️  Owww and 5) ABBA - money money money  💰🤷🏻‍♀️ more than 2 songs
What’s worse, having it or bragging that you have it? Bill Maher does both.
Why not change your name to Andy Rooney?
Really? The Multi millionaire with a mansion, a writing staff, a condo, a 20 million dollar a year contract, designer suits, an island retreat and a $231,000 car is gonna lecture us about conspicuous consumption? Okay Boomer.
Is materialism new in music or pop culture?
Did music stop being grossly misogynistic? That's news to me.
what is going on with his constant lip smacking when he begins to speak.  so fucking irritating.
What's with Bill smacking his lips every 30 seconds?
lyrics corrupting our youth - is this Tipper Gore speaking?
Redneck with a rolex?  Is that a waste of a perfectly good rolex - or - a waste of a perfectly good redneck?
Why can’t Bill finish a sentence without being interrupted by idiots applauding? I can see the frustration in his eyes. Why is it so necessary to waste five seconds applauding his mention of “Material Girl”?
