Whos the moron now?
When is the panic button hitting?? Relegation is on the rise now….
RVN was doing ok in his 5/6 game stint …why change?
Amorim turns down Liverpool for this?🤫
Did Glazer instantly take 3/4 of the billion they paid for the club straight out? 17:57
What Squad is worse: Mourinio’s 2nd Amrim’s now?  After a billion spent 10:48 10:48
Morning, is Amorin the only world class assest utd have?
How do you solve a problem like united. Get deadwood out even if it means sacking them brake financial fair play rules, take the point's deduction, and buy every player amorim wants now
We're not rating what they could or couldn't have done, right? We rate what they did. So Amorim getting a 5 means it's quite average for Manchester United to get out-played by Brighton? Our average performances (back when we had real standards) used to get us over the line more often than not, at the very least. What a sorry state we are in to have the ideal manager but be lumbered with a bunch over-rated, over-paid, pathetic catalogue spice boys!
Could we have whole numbers for the ratings please. If a player doesn't deserve a 6 it should just be a 5. The players don't deserve the luxury of decimilisation; particularly when we are getting decimated ourselves.
Maybe we should practice against the Man U woman's team... just a suggestion :D
How can we create chances when the ball isn't moved forward quick keep passing back in our own half
Wheres sir jim ratcliffe ?
I don’t get this whole thing about united need better players, you spend 100 and 100s of millions and you get good players they just don’t perform at united. It’s the coaches fault not the manager but the coaches who actually train them, that’s the issue
Who TF is paddy McCrerand?!
Do you still think we are going to win the europa league? But you call some fans are delusional 🤔🤣
I do wonder who in this team should actually stay?  De ligt Yoro Mazroui Ugarte Mainoo Garnacho Amad Collyer possibly  And that’s about it? A case could be made for the likes of Martinez, dalot, Hojlund… but really as equal case can be made for them to go. It’s shocking.
Agree with not having a left back but.. why not just play one our academy players in that position? Also, we aren't able to hold the ball possession for 10sec in any part of the game? Try teaching the players that & maybe, we could have a decent team!
to be fair what club in their right mind would take antony or casemiro in their current form???
Why stubbornness can’t be criticised ? Amorim stubbornness on Rashford costed this team a few wins because he left out the player that can finish chances
Yes they have to go but who want a lot buy them that’s the question 😢
At 2:19.. who's Brightford?? lol
Is there any other players in the UK who have won more Champions Leagues than Casemiro?
Is there any other team in the UK with an £81m midfielder?
Is there any other club in Europe with a £50m goalkeeper?
Is Amorim the answer though? Big build up for him but he’s never had to deal with anything as bad as this. I hope he doesn’t become the victim in a long list of failed managers. Hope he can pull this around although it’s beginning to look doubtful
@the United Stand why i cant see my replies to other persons?
Spot on Mark: “What is he supposed to do?”  I want Amorim to stay but, I also would get it if he held his hands up and left.
What was the Welsh impression on 4 mins in aid of?
What happened to all the optimism after the draw at Anfield and the shitshow result against Southampton?
Everyone just talks about bringing in players… do we really think that will change things?  Lol…
If this co-ownership is not willing to bring in new players that suit Amorim's formation and tactics, then what was the point of hiring him in the first place?
Its still rashford who yall gonna blame now
So Ten Hag was the problem?
Dalot has played 30 games this season and only has 2 assists how is this guy still getting game time
Just play Amad and Amass at wing back, how much worse can it get?
Only way to judge who's good enough is ask yourself which of these players could get in a liverpool team. Amad only & he'll be possibly on the bench because what they've already got in that position
Paddy McCrerand? Seriously??????? There are mistakes, and there are MISTAKES!
Elanga was brilliant for forest again today ,£15 million and antony on the other hand ?
Are Man United going to buy anyone
Our regular keeper is struggling. Another keeper did very well against Arsenal and he's immediately dropped! What's going on? It's very disappointing, I thought we had turned a corner.
What’s really ineos plan when they brought Amorim ? It’s rally hard to think united will win a game
So guys who are the deadwood now? Most aren’t first team plus we gave Bruno and Maguire new contracts
We had all five signings of this season playing. So, do we remove all players on the field? Can't blame the one's not playing
Why didn't United buy Rutter from Leeds? Best player on the pitch today.
Wonder how many points Onana has cost us this season
So do you think we get january even one player 😏
Onana is nowhere the keeper he was at inter, is admourin over his head with this ? What is the problem exactly? Is it the dressing room? Is it the manager? Back room staff? Or is it the board? Where exactly does the problem lie? Will they win anything this season? I think not
I am clueless as to where Man United is heading...
You’re not putting us in the relegation zone but you don’t know where the next Win is coming from, hmmm!!
unless this club is sold we are going nowhere I wonder why we are not protesting ???????am worried for amorim he will be gone soon ,sir jim just wanted man united in his portfolio
What are you on about? This is the best squad we have. You don't want to sell anyone in this team. So who are you pulling out. To put someone new in.
But you won by drawing against Liverpool and beating the poorest team in the EPL?!
… makes you wonder what path would we be on if Qatar did a full takeover and got rid of the debt and Glazers…
Is Amoriim actually better than ETH?
