Why is this multi millionaire landlord pretending he is just a farmer?
Could you give us your views on glyphosate resistant crops and the health dangers?  According to the International Agency of Research for Cancer (IARC) Glyphosate is said to be carcinogenic causing cancers & tumours in humans. It is already banned in Europe & now many Councils are choosing against using Glyphosate in public places
Did I hear him mention glyphosate?
Did you get someone in to deal with that big herd of deer Harry?   I learnt this week that America has to deal with millions of wild Hogs each year apparently they destroy crops and dig up so much ground.   It makes our pests look easy to eliminate.  They have contracted blokes that trap 24/7.
How far are behind the times with direct drilling crops in ground
Harry, is it possible to cut channels to drain the fields.
Hi Harry,  a very different question.... what's your view on horse and hounds crossing your fields/crops? Would you allow a hunt on your land?
A stupid question - but someone sells you dodgy cattle feed and they created red tractor to make farmers more compliant? 😂
Does the Red Tractor 'mixing with non-compliant imported product' apply to things other than grain? Is Red Tractor compliant British beef, for instance, being mixed with (garbage-fed and hormone-treated?) imported stuff?  I can only afford the occasional tin of sardines these days and gave up all 'proper' meat more than a decade ago, but people who do buy meat - whether it's as traditional joints and cuts or ghastly mechanically-recovered pink goo - deserve to be told how it's been sourced.
thoughts on the glyphosate lawsuit result?
Maybe a spot of subsoiling might be in order? 🤔
It's almost as if the Government want our UK Farmers to fail...or...just give up? When the food shortages begin, the Government will wish they hadn't pushed Farmers to the brink and beyond.
Surely Brexit meant we stopped importing cheap unregulated products from Johnny Foreigner now we've took control of our Great British borders ?
I thought it was NFU that owned Red Tractor, so how come its not working in farmers interests?  And if not, how about NFU starting the "rainbow tractor scheme" or something similar....
Harry, great video as always but when you post a picture of a magazine etc page, in order to read it we have to pause the video and then get a red line, your logo etc through the lower part of the page making it awkward to read, can you adjust the way it is pictured so the line doesn't obscure the page please?
What's the name of the shoes that Harry's wearing.  Where can I get them?
Harry,, if you had planted oil seed rape instead of wheat, would your situation be worse?
What's next prostate exams before you can sell your wheat crop
Any sign of your Farming Minister out in the deluge yet Harry ... Or is Mark Spencer still invisible??
Glyphosate? Tut tut.
Does Red + Green not make Brown?! We do like to make things difficult for ourselves as a country sometimes, often not for the right reasons. Always enjoy a new Harry's Farm video. Cheers.
Does someone in Government really want to finally finish off the British farming industry? When it’s pointed out all the silly rules our farmers have to comply with and others don’t it has to make you wonder if there’s a hidden agenda to screw our farmers totally
At what point can we just admit that governments are purposely trying to undermine agriculture? Its clear they think they'll gain more power and wealth responding to the coming famines than merely taxing successful farmers, ranchers and other food producers.
How many farmers will stick together and stop the red tractor scheme… We’re the ones paying for it anyway
kinda wonder why farmers still vote tory when all they do is throw you under the bus in trade deals and defund all the things that help you
Did you notice a difference in water infiltration rate in the direct drilled area vs the area drilled with the harrow tine drill, or if puddles formed more in areas drilled with the Claydon or the JD drill?
How does it look & is it still fit for purpose after all the toxic nano chemtrail particulates have fallen over it & uptake via the soil for the whole year!
Where is Stanley? He's the only reason I watch this channel!! 😂🤣
Maybe diversify into rice paddies Harry? :/
How about planting rice in the apparent rice paddy area?
I'm old school, can't help thinking some of that land prone to standing water would have been better ploughed, for drainage. How many acres do you drill, and what is the cost of the JD Drill, all those extra £1000's of pounds would buy a lot of Diesel.
Have you considered rice as an option?
why do we let technically inept bureaucrats make the policy decisions, something needs to change because this is the road to ruin through no fault of the people on the ground
