Why are so many clash pros chopped
Where can I enjoy this gameplay without Jynxzi's forced shouting?
Does that nigga really sound like that? I can’t stand it.
i just coudnt find out who is playing what card who is on what side
26:40  why is jinxy jonking it??
Yo Jynxzi, I'm new here and I don't mean to be rude, but why do you put everything into every blink? Again no hate, im just wondering.
is bobby throath singing
24:43 6 or 7?
was that a random thumbnail or what they looked like for real but like this feels like me and my brother I just randomly use what i thought was the best and he just cycles to beat it with cheap stuff but this was back in like 2018
Coughing baby vs hydrogen bomb
Why is he screaming for no reason
bro how does riley not know about brazilian phonk and mangos
23:31 which playboi carti song is this
Someone tell me please who the heck is boby? A robot or human being? Maybe YouTuber
Was I the only one that heard 67?
Am i the only one that sees the weird way that jynxzi blinks?
So no more rainbow?
6:46 why did riley start edging to bobby for a sec
How did he do that voice for 1h
Has bobby ever broken character
24:52 did he jst say 6 or7?
Is bobby acting that way for comedic effect or is he foreal?
what happend to old jynxi
Guys what's the best 3 elixir cost range troop to replace firecracker? I just came back to clash royale few weeks ago and I'm fighting more and more people who know how to activate king tower against firecracker and it's kinda annoying since it weakens my push
wait how do u get clash on a pc? pls someone lmk
what happened last time I saw you. You where always playing siege and now Clash royale? I am not hating on u nor clash I just never thought u would stop posting on siege
What happened to rainbow 6 seige 🥀
Do the competition again but Ryley has 99 wins and Bobby has 0 ez win for Bobby no diff
Anyone else here because of the thumbnail?
why bobby sound like little prince?
1:05:00 where the fuck did the mighty miner go
Why is this guy ALWAYS drinking SOMETHING. And like, it’s not even the same drinks. He just takes a sip every 3 seconds, then instantly gets a new drink, and does it again
Is Bobby like an alien or something?  Why does he sound so weird?
Why is brother constipated 😂
how did he mirror the ram after he placed the lil prince????????
Was there a rule against bobby like putting zap or ewiz in his decks
Hey jynxi, i got cancer and my dream is to play against ryley. Is there any way i can play a match with him?❤
35:55  Riley: "What is your favorite music?? Bobby: Brazilian Phonk  I'm cracking up yoo 😂😂😂
did we run out of ideas junky
What is this channel now?
Why is Bobby in these videos
Is it weird that I have the Executioner at arena 3?
what are these fake laughs from jynxzi
Maybe the golden knight was bcuz since Bobby popped ability before miner appeared and maybe locked on two targets which were the Mighty Miner and Firecraker but the miner appeard right after and was closer so the golden knight also hit but the original target which was firecracker didnt get hit yet and since the disctance between the firecracker and MM was less than 5.5 tiles so the golden knight was able to hit the firecracker and also hit the tower idk this is all a theory
why do we even leave comments in the big 25?
Mustard mango and brazilian funk, are we serious
anyone else realise what the wall breakers and battle ram looked like?
am i the only one who cant listen to bobby and think he is incredibly unfunny?
Quick question is that his real voice actually haha
Why does jinx blink like that gotta be cap😭
why does jynxzi not have windows
Is that the true voice of bobby ?
but then how did bobby win 99 times against ryley and couldnt win one more time?
why is ryley so giggly lmao
35:45 What is that bro
How many different decks does jynxi have on his desk oh my gosh
Copper to champ? More R6 pls? No more clash royal
What is battle droid doing
Coughing baby versus hydrogen bomb
am i like the only one who came from tiktok and isnt an ai?
waite its lucky win?
is bobby a make a wish kid or just acting?
WHO IS THIS BRUHH WHO IS BOBBY LMAOOOO TS TOO FNNY
Log reveal when?
why is the webcam taking half of the damn screen
24:43 did I just hear 6 or 7?
Is this Charlie Worley or squirtle
Day one of asking jynxzi to coach me in r6
Why does Jynxzi manually blink
Why do the streams always end before it’s done
is bobby playing or is he acctually special i need a answe
Is Bobby or Ryley more chopped
did yoitsalex switch to clash royale??
Jynxzi vs Ryley 100 matches?
if you pythag that last golden knight dash I think it went square root of 40 tiles or like 6.35 or something, maybe it had already routed to the firecracker and the miner spawning made the code act weird?
why did bro start recording after bobby won 99 games in a row?
You know a lot of people discuss how junko has an affect on games. What about his effect on the people he plays with? I could be sorely mistaken, but I feel like juicy and Riley have both grown so much in terms of personality on camera like he pulled them out of their shell almost. Ima look into it
Is that funny?
11:00 “how did he defend” and he just has an evo furnace between his towers demolishing everything😅
Ken and Bobby next 😂?
Anyone gonna talk about how Bobby has 12345 wins?
am i the only one who thinks bobby sounds like squirtle putting on a voice.
Hmo what if browney did a Ryley 90 day.
Why does Bobby sound and act like an autistic child. Bro sounds like the slug off monsters inc fr  - ya’ll like this brain rot?? 🤦🏻‍♂️
26:41 what is brochacho doing with his arm while listening to bobbys voice
Where did Bobby come from lmaoo
156 views am I early?
Bobby cracked jynxzi and Ryley how is this possible
