How about thermite
HOW DO Y'ALL KNOW WHAT TANKS ARE JUST BY LOOKING AT THEM 😭
Who wuz that inside?
Anyone heard of the brazen bull torture technique?
Why not just pour it into the hatch
Why is Donald under there
what about gallium?
bruh what is trump doing
Why is Trump inside of there?
Why is Anakin doing this?
What if you put LIQUID NITROGEN on a modern tank
Is Stalinium Really That Weak?
Was that Donald Trump in a Soviet WWII T-34/85?
What is Donald Trump  doing inside a Soviet Tank? 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
WHO IS GONNA THINK NP IS GONNA STAP A WW2 TANK
What about gallium?
i wonder if galium could make the metal soft. Any thoughts?
just to scratch it, huh
Wonder why trump hiding in a soviet tank 😂
How bout gallium ?
How about galium?
How did trump get there😅
Who tf is wondering all this ?
Would the canon barrel be weaker ?
Hi, can you tell me, how I make this video too, please
Why was trump inside 😂????
Why do I see Donald Trump in side the tank?
Why’d they put trump in there?
So you weren't on the diddy list?
All this stress just to say hello to Trump? 😅
Why was Trump needed in this? Lol
Why is there a t-34 ww2 soviet tank there
What is this off brand Zack d films shi
But why Trump?
T-34 armor was overhardened and very brittle, so in this particular case maybe not
So why was Donald Trump in the tank at the end
Gallium will do the trick?
How do you know that
Why is Trump in a Soviet Tank?
How long would it take to do it on a maus  armour 🤔🤔
Would gallium work?
Cool but why is trump inside a russian tank ? oh my LOL
Why’s Donny chilling in a Soviet tank?
Why is Trump in , what appears to me, to be an old Soviet Tank? 😂
Why is trump in the tank
Who is this most people?
What is this Nitrogen is this?
What will happen if Galium is poured?
What about gall?
Why is trump in there? 😅 🤣
Don’t you think throwing a car at a tank would already scratch it?
What about if u use a small bit of gun powder
What if it was nitroglycerin?
zack d films where are you?
What’s Doland tramp doing in soviet’s vehicle ?😂😂😂
What about a light tank
Why is trump in there?
Lol why is trump inside a Russian tank ?😂😂😂
