Why does none of this seem legit.. it feels like am watching Drake and Josh on some kids network following some script. defo the last video after being the first to watch from this channel lol
Isn’t one the military guys Matt’s trainer😂
0:07  why does he look like that one guy from the movie warfare?
Marcus Rashford came as millitary?😮
Hey Mat, is the 5k still up? i need it bro
5:37 is that BRAWL STARS !?
0:27 do you know what else is massive?!
Buddy how can you take someone elses skits and use them as your own..!? Theres at least 2 other YouTubeers that have already have done it. Cant you wanna be YouTube stars come up with your own shit. Jesus you kids need a job and stop taking ppls ideas
MrBeast?
Day 6 of asking Mathew been to make me a gaming room
Why is the personal trainer on of the military guys?
Walter white? 😂
Where is their rank?? Nobody makes it past basic and ait without being at least a pvt2. Honestly y’all wack af😂
Did the military guys hit the cleanest dap ever
Why is this crap always scripted like this us how it always is there’s like 10 secs left in every hide and seek vid and then some how they find them like this is crap..
Why are military people so beautiful?😭✨
When Russians audio ?
Where’s the soldiers patchs for their division and others
So call him Mr Beem? Or... bowl cut beast
Scripted or not these videos are super interesting who else seen the one with the guy hiding in the beavers hut or the one with the guy hiding in the ac unit or the guy hiding in the rocks
What does it matter if it’s scripted or not if it’s entertaining?
How does he always get caught in the last minute? 🤨
either these vids r fake or they r actually smart and have back up..
Will Matthew ever win for once?
Why would you think that the security guards would not think it’s suspicious that there’s just a guy with sunglasses eating popcorn and rented out theater?😮
5:37  he play brawl stars?  XD
Isn't that like a crime?
His trainer is in the millitary?
Why is he wearing a gas mask for
Are they isryel🇮🇱?because i support palstine🇵🇸
dude this so dump can u win at least one video 100% scripted
Tell me why his gym trader in the military person are the exact same person😂
6:37 why does it look like he has left over chocolate milk on his face?
Isn’t the black militiaman your personal trainer? Your not slick and we’re not slow
Wow, this is incredible! How did you first get into extreme camouflage training, and what was the most challenging part of the process?
Have you been born again? Have you assurance of eternal life? Because the alternative is eternal damnation which is the part that the false preachers, teachers, and prophets always leave out, sin unto death!
Isn’t that military guy your trainer?
why does he have a haircut from 2005 lol
Was that the minecraft movie
How much have you made
Why haven't you been posting?
Isn't the one guy his workout instructor?  Edit: nvm 2:56
7:44 guys did the military rizz up Matt’s sister???
14:31 how much did they pay in damages???
Bro like why do you copy
spanish?
ur thumbnail seems familiar.. perhaps who?
Is this where are taxes go
why does that one military dude look like your trainer
True fans are you here ? 👇
First pin??
