Soooo any new characters ? Its half a year guys
Looks cool but why is everyone speaking Japanese?
Can you please add Nightcrawler as a teleporting grappler?
Since arcsystem worked on tokon and dragon ball fighterz, maybe a crossover will happen in the future?
Since when Marvel become anime?
Where are the Snowbunnies
What's up with the Japanese Marvel stuff lately?
ArcSys?? What are you doing?? Why are you looking so peak again?
when does it come out
Hey can you tell us if we can set the "Select" button in shortcuts in this game ?
Why are they speaking Japanese?
When will Marvel do MARVEL VS DC?????
Why does everything sound 1000 times better with Japanese voice actors?? T_T
Why is your game not available for purchase on Steam in Kazakhstan?
Marvel vs. Capcom without Capcom? 😱
Does Star-Lord have Dante from MVC3's moveset
any white female character?
No Nintendo switch 2???
Why does this look more like Guilty Gear than Strive? That's nuts.
Is it me or do the effects look similar to DragonBall Fighter Z?
0:56 trying to tell if this is dante or deadpool
Where is Deadpool 😡
king of fighter characters replace with marvel??
Where is the rest of them? like wolverineto, cyclopseto, professor Xto, thorto
this trailer actually hurts my eyes. why does the screen slow down with every hit and why do some shots look interpolated by a computer?
Is this the Marvel vs Capcom we’ve been waiting for but without Capcom. So it’s Marvel vs Arcsystems
Cap looks awful. Why is he wearing a short sleeved jacket over his full body armor? Game looks amazing other than that though. It would be one thing if they did skins but this is just his permanent look. Like he put on the Avengers Tower Volunteer tour guide vest
token what? Atleast its Marvel
Gambit?? Where are?
Hello im new to fighting games whats the diff between a 4v4 and game like Street Fighter??? Does it mean i have to master 4 diff characters?
Too for mobile ?
The real question is who will be the character to have most of sol badguy moveset
Why did you take so long to do something like that? I LOVE IT! I'M FREAKING OUT!
How does this compares to capcom marvel fighting game
Is it 4v4 only or is there a way you can pick 1v1 2v2 3v3 or 4v4 which I think that's the way it should go
Where are my Wolverine and Deadpool at?
Can we get an anime adaptation next? This looks awesome.
Is this available on mobile or PlayStation
Is exclusive of playstation??
ok are they only gonna speak japanese only or they're gonna dub them in English? and marvel cheated on capcom and i want this game to be on xbox series x cause again is just like street fighter 5 and kof 14 they were on ps4 and pc but never on xbox one cause capcom and snk never heard of Microsoft
Tomorrow 6/27 at 10:00AM (Japan time), the “ARC SYSTEM WORKS Showcase” will be broadcast on the official YouTube channel of ARC SYSTEM WORKS to introduce the latest information including the announcement of a new title. Do you think there will be new information about TOKON?  明日 6/27 10:00AM(日本時間)からアークシステムワークスの公式YouTubeチャンネルで 新作タイトルの発表を含む最新情報を紹介する「ARC SYSTEM WORKS Showcase」が配信されますね。 TOKONについての新たな情報があると思いますか？
Ghost Rider has a four-wheel vehicle??? I never knew
Does this mean we’re not getting anymore marvel vs capcom game? 😢 that makes me very sad
Wait a minute, Are we sure this is steve Rogers Captain america? or is this jon Walkers Captain america?
why does everything marvel makes look so good except their movies
So is this only on PlayStation?
Is this game free?
I need that song in Youtube Music. What's the name???!
how can i survive 2025 man
Why is no one else mad that they excluded Capcom? Really, an entire cast of beloved video game characters excluded from the next big fighting game of all time
What about marvel vs snk????
So what universe number designation shall we give this?
No Switch 2?! 😢😢
storm has always been a snack right?
Why is Naruto not getting a game like this 😢
Ironman is a Gundam now? neat haha
Is Tag Team Modus 2 player vs 2 player or 1 player vs 1 player?🤔🤔🤔🤔
Can we talk about the sick music
This looks good, is it a new game, or old game remaster?
why does doom have an auto lock on attack did we not learn anything from umvc3?
Any chance for Xbox or switch 2?  🤔
Will there be dramatic endings like in Dragon Ball FighterZ?🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️
Where's Leopardon?
IS THAT FINGORIA/HANDERELLA?
8 characters? I smell paid DLCs
why not Marvel BRAWL?
Why are they speaking Japanese? I like anime, but Japanese Avengers is a weird association
Free to play?
Is this 1v1?
Beta test for Marvel Vs Capcom 5 ? We also need Capcom Vs SNK 3 from Arc Studios would be Epic!
How many frames is this running at? Look very choopy
Marvel fighterz?
Is this a Capcom game ?
So it's like a Marvel version of Street Fighter?
Where’s Ultimate Marvel Vs C 4 :( street3 (Remake no bring 3D) aeww   X-man vs StreeT?
I wonder will in also have English VO
Do you think thiss game will be on xbox
So I have to learn 4 characters?
This isn’t coming to Xbox?
Have we entered a new golden age of Marvel games?
I wonder if Norio Wakamato will voice a villain.
Is this mvc3?
I love how a simple game trailer opens up a plethora of questions about the state of Disney, Marvel and Capcom.
Wait...why are X-Men characters in this 2D fighting game?  I thought that they were just functions?  (this is sarcasm, btw)
So, Street Fighter or Guilty Gear crossover when?
please tell me that's not all of the characters.
When does this come out
Is that Horikoshi’s Spidey?😧😮‍💨💯🔥
Did i just see a combo with starlord cap n doom 💀
Who else is waiting for the anime now?!
When does it come out?
Arc system works does the make a blazblue game challenge  (They're losing)
Why this game is similar to guilty gear strive?
How many characters will there be?
So...is marvel cool again?
How is nobody talkin about the music?! It sounds so epic!!!
4v4 on the same screen????
Will this game have English dub?
Sorry for my ignorance, but I have some questions...  1 : Why the main trailer is Japan speak?  2 : it's possible a mix of mechanics between Guilty Gear, DBZ, and Marvel VS Capcom?  3 : Why the Character look like "teenagers Manga cartoon"??
Is this dragon ball fighter Z
yall so dumb before yall did marvel vs capcom 4 in this art style u did this instead?
Why didn't we get the REAL Japanese spider man? The one with the gun?
Is this like street fighter and marvel vs Capcom mixed together?
why'd they have to make it all japanese tho
Arc system works?
wait I thought spiderman in japan used gun, no?
At this point my Only question is voice actors or AI for the English voiceovers?
Will this be coming to the Nintendo 64?
Why play this when marvel vs Capcom 3 exists?
Does the gameplay remind anyone else of Dragon Ball FighterZ? I can't help but feel a connection.
That's got to be dragon ball fightersz version right ?
Is that... the playstation/insomniac version of Spider-Man, woah.
Why is there a weird 1 second delay every few hits
How many big name VAs can we shove in a game??
Anyone else get X-Men animated series theme song vibes towards the end of this video?
What's the over/under on woolie not learning from his mistakes?
no switch 2 love?
Has anyone noticed a certain similarity with DRAGON BALL FIGHTERZ?
Where's Spiderman with a gun???
Bro how is this not coming to Xbox!!!!!!!
Where is the dr doom foot dive?
4 vs 4? what a mess 🧐
Are they really gonna talk this much during the fights or is it just like this for the trailer? lol That is way too much yapping for a fighting game
Ghost rider is a Diavolo from JoJo?
2:22 no ps4? 💔 it might be time to switch
maybe, with less flashes, i would be able to appreciate the moves
Okay is it just me or did Starlord just use Deadpool/Dante's special for MVC?
Is it just me or does this game look exactly like Dragon Ball FighterZ?
is this street fighter injustice lol
Is it free?
How will this affect the legacy of Melty Blood
Is this gonna be in american?
Fun fact, the vs series started out as just marvel (X-men). The great reset? When’s it coming to PC?  I’m done with Sony.
How come ArySys always is the best on 3D animation and game development
so if it’s 4v4 the roster is going to be massive, right?
I wonder how the controls going to be
Where is Ryu? Where is Megaman? What is this ? 😢😭
Where's deadpool
Easter Eggs:  Dazzler in the marquis Daredevil: Fogwell's Gym and N/M Scales Damage Control  Green Tentacles on the NM building, ?Shuma Gorath
What kind of mod from Dragon Ball FighterZ is this?
When this will be release?
I wonder how Capcom feel about this.
Guilty gear 3v3 is experiment for this
where is ma wolverine????!!!!
Is this going to be peak?
Why is it Japanese though?
What is that gundam Ironman suit.  4 V 4 !?!? 🤯
fighting games these last year have not lived long mk1,tekken ,sf6(better then other 2) i wonder how this will go
dafuq is that ellastigirl?
Is there a English voice option?
Cool, where is the english trailer.?
Dragon Ball Fighters Clone?
Wait....how can Iron Man and Doctor Doom be in same place at the SAME TIME??? Something fishy there 😂
Is there an english version, coz I dunno why but listening to this makes me feel like I am watching.....something else....
There’s gonna be English translation on release I assume?
I wonder how much it'll take for the Mugen community to make these chars into the engine
How is this different from the other Marvel fighting games? I just fail to see the difference.
What’s next ? Capcom vs Kellogs?
Is this MarvelBall fighterZ
Visuals are epic, but why the weird undubbed voices? I used to think Capcom was lazy in Street Fighter with non existent lipsync, but this is next level bad for Marvel fans.
Same people who make guilty gears ?
Why is that derivative trash character on the roster?
Did they actually change marvel vs capcom😢
Someone please tell me the god created this boom of an soundtrack
character roster meh... the muslim girl, the guardias of the galaxy guy... really?
But where's all the Street Fighter characters? 🥲
Marvel vs. Guilty Gear?
What's Tokon?? And why didn't they do Capcom as well, I Guess we've had those Characters already. But Dante and the other Capcom players were dope asf
Guilty Gear vs Marvel??????
is it ONLY 8 characters in total or are there some they haven't revealed yet?
For Xbox? 😢😢😢😢😢 Plissss
Why is every character so build or thick even the armored ones look like they been lifting
Who else was completely blown away like Max Was?   And who else thought Ryu or any Capcom character was going to jump in?   Leave a Like
So ... Capcom was the Problem?
Over/Under number of characters in the game?
where is cyclops?????
Only playstation?
aw hell nah, why does Ghost Rider look like some forgotten Todoroki brother. like, he isn't even a skeleton he's just wearing some gloves from Spirit Halloween and a skull mask.
Dragon ball fighterz reference??
Sooooo no mvc but….. this?
What kind of Dragon Ball FigterZ is this?
Ok now how many characters in the roster
A marvel rivals looking fighting game???
Cool but… why does everything need to be freaking anime nowadays
Ok so taking out 2 characters is a Happy Birthday, taking out 3 is a Merry Christmas, what is it called when you take 4 out? Is it a Happy New Year?
I hope there is a fairly extensive roster of characters and some Capcom characters as DLC 😅😅😅 Is that too much to ask??
Now what I want to know is if a character goes down, will the match end or keep going until the whole team is down?
So is this Marvel vs Marvel??
Dude how do they have all these characters in this games and not marvel rivals
Is this free to play ?
Ironman become... Gundam???
Does marvel hates johny blaze or something?
whats the parlay on this being another arcsys trash heap?
… so why exactly was spiderman getting his shi rocked by everyone at the end? 😅
Will there be English voices?
English?🥱
when you say 4 v 4, is it 4 people vs 4 people or 4 characters switching?
4v4? Sounds Fantastic.
Is Storm VA voices Jolyne from JoJo part6 ?
No foot dive?
why does ghost rider sound like a random teenager
2:05 did Reyes just pulled a Red Line move???
Who’s that 0:39 ????
Can we get an English dub for this game btw, I mean I hope this game doesn't become another undubbed game like jump force for some reason
Physical copy?
Please tell me spidey gets mech akin to the japanese spiderman
It won't come out on Xbox?
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Is that Diavolo as Ghost Rider?
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Is it just me or does it sound like the character theme transitions when you tag another character? It's very noticeable when Star Lord tags Doom around 1:15... BTW Doom's  theme is amazing! ❤
Am I tripping or does this look better than most fighter games of this genre
So, I wonder who proposed to put mvc2 in EVO main event?   Sony or Capcom? If its Sony, does CAPCOM know this game would annouce before EVO?
I'm getting burned out on their movies (so much multiverse...) but Arc fighting?  Midnight Suns was pretty epic, too...  Maybe I shouldn't sleep on Marvel 😁
WHY THEY KEEP USING HELL CHARGER??? HES NOT A REPLACEMENT FOR GHOST RIDER!!!
Where is Carnage?!
Where is Deadpool?
why are there voices in Japanese
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
English voice acting?!!
Can we still say “ITS MAHVEL BABY” or should we start saying “maveru desu”?
Did Capcom lose the licence??
Am I’m the only one here thinking that this game looks like dragon ball fighterZ
What about Xbox Series X/S?
why Starlord’s move like Dante? 🤔
Haven’t played many Arc Sys games but I wonder how big this roster is gonna be base game.
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
What y'all got against Spider-man tho? That ain't cool man 😂😅
Music ID anybody??? please
This looks great... will there be an english dub though?
Looks amazing but what's this obsession with 'tag team' escalation in fighting games? We are going to end up with full roster v full roster at this rate.
Does anyone think they will add more characters over time?
Why do they keep putting Kamala Kahn in everything?? Is she really that popular and I just don't realize it??
Traditional X anime back to block airdash tag/assist fighter and not a Tekken-like with a name like Tōkkon? 😂
So will we be getting a Marvel vs Arc Systems soon?  Sol Badguy vs Captain America?
Where is FOOTDIVE!
Where is foot dive???
Ok but is zero gonna be in this one?
Who else is here before this blows up
Marvel version of fighterz?😁(Or marvel vs capcom ig)
Are we awake or is it a dream ?
Eyo, where are my homies Wolverine, Hulk and Thor (maybe Deadpool)??? They DLC?? They're like, the only ones I would buy the game for, lol
Who else is here before this blows up
first overwatch....now fightersZ..... what's next?
where are Hulk, Thor, and other ?
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Why isn't this trailer in English? This is an American IP 😅  Kinda cool tho I guess
Did Horikoshi-sensei have a hand in character design?
This is JoJo reference?
why is this Japanese though
This and 2XKO. is this the start of Coop FGC? Im a casual at Fighting games.
Does this mean there's no MvC4 after all? Or are they gonna reveal the craziest crossover ever and squeeze the Capcom cast in there too? WHAT IS THIS?
Why does it seem like there is so much eastern influence behind marvel these days.. game still looks fun tho
What in the DragonBallFighterZ is this I'm excited!!!
And mobile Users?
4 vs 4? PLEASE let it have as many characters as MVC2
Another marvel fighting game great.... When are we getting marvel vs DC or Mortal kombat vs Street fighter?
where is wolverine
Why marvel heroes speak Japanys ? :DDD
Since they emphasize the variety of characters, can I expect Jagganaut this time? Or there are other big boy candidates?
There's still going to be English right???  Not hating, jus wanna know what they be saying
Where is Doom,s foot dive...
Am I the only one who found it similar to Dragon Ball FighterZ?
Is this free like marvel rivals?
The real question is whether, am I gonna buy another cool looking fighting game, knowing damm well I suck at fighting games and have pulled off a combo in any fighting game that wasn’t a arena fighter 😂
I’m still trying to figure out which time line I’m in . . .
why Cap have Gojo voice ?!
Why is marvel being so anime-fied? Rivals and this.
Wait a minute...so this isn't coming out on xbox?
Why is this Japanese?
on switch 2?
Not on switch... seriously?😭
Why didn't they put the Japanese Spider-Man? Like, he would be perfect for this game, besides he has a super cool mecha to use as a final attack
Is this game free?
Why is doctor doom using a glock?
Is this a game that is just like injustice or Mortal Kombat, meaning can’t I play this solo, multiplayer or online?
Is that an answer to that Riot Fighting game? 😂
Does DR Doom have the same VA as Akuma???
so this is 2xko killer guys?
Y Xbox Series X/S y Switch 2?
They're still trying to make Miss Marvel happen? That's the only blemish on this trailer.
return of maximum spider?
I feel like watching Marvel but My Hero Academia style, like the 3D anime stylized, Japanese Voice Actor Will it come to Steam?????
Is it me or Doctor Doom has Akainu's voice?
The only question left is, does Doom still have his Footdive?
Will there be an english version?
This looks good But will it last?
Why is it anime
When Marvel VS Guilty Gear X??? Or Marvel VS Arc System Works???
0:06; 0:14 Hearing Yuichi Nakamura as Cap once again is like meeting an old friend. 0:38 Same VA of Kamala in the previous Avengers game. 0:44 My bad, it's Shinji Kawada aka Spidey from Marvel Disk Wars, not EnoJun.  0:58 Is that you, Yamadera-san? Star-Lord once again? 1:09 So Ghost Rider is basically Tatsumi Oga with actual powers from Hell. 😂 1:23 Dang, they got Severus Snape's Japanese VA as Doom! 1:33 Meanwhile, Baby Berubo as Storm.
REAL QUESTION: WILL THIS BE REGION LOCKED IN PC JUST LIKE EVERY PS RELEASE AFTER HELLDIVERS?
Nice. Now where’s the English version?
where's the fantastic 4? where's reed, ben, johnny, and sue???
This instead of a bp game or an actual GOOD singerplayers story? Mortal Kombat/Streetfighter type games are a niche genre. I think this is gonna flop.
I thought Enoki Junya returned back his role as Spiderman??
Why not the original japanese spiderman?
What’s a tokon?
Is that some Kind of  Civil war  between marvel  games
Why you guys glazing? This looks super cheap 👎
...Does this mean we could get some Persona crossover characters with this game?         Also, probably a stupid question, but...what are the chances this could come to Switch 2?
Is this only on playstation or is it in pc too
What will happen to Marvel vs Capcom?
tag system looks like fighterz with an extra character tag assist avaliable, is this the case arc nerds?
Sorry Marvel but will it also be released for Xbox in the future?
4v4? Anime-inspired Marvel Game? From the guys that brought Guilty Gear: Strive, Marvel Rivals, Marvel Contest of Champions, Marvel's Avengers and more? I am so down for this!
4v4? This has potential to be harder than Skullgirls
Marvel please make trading card not a game but collectibles one
Is this real or a fan thing
Who is the publisher?
Who’s here in 2025? 🤔
Dragon ball fighter z?
Iron man has some parts they clearly reference it them from somewhere hmmmm wonder where
So… it’s Guilty Gear reskinned with Marvel Characters?
why there is no blood effects?
Where is Wolverine?!  Also I hope is has a dope single player mode.
Not on Xbox? I guess ill have to force myself not to care about another Marvel game yet again.
Why ms marvel though??😂
Marvel guilty gear!?
Marvel tryna go crazy. Rivals, now this too???
Really , another 2D Fighting game?
i'll be honest, this looks like an april fool's joke
Where is my GOAT Jeff the Landshark❓🔥  (or at least Magik, please)
It looks like Storm actually uses Rachel Alucard's Sylpheed (wind manipulation) at 1:41 PLEASE TELL ME THAT SHE HAS OMNIDIRECTIONAL WIND CONTROL!!
Where is the footdive
Injustice for kids?
Where's the FOOT DIVE ??!!??
0:17 Why is there red Gundam  sensei ?
> Kamala Kahn enters the stage > Spiderman immediately enters and kick the ever living crap out of her  What did Arc System mean by that?
what are the odds they add capcom characters to these
I only have one question WHAT THE HELL IS DC DOING
Can we please have some diversity in the roster, in every Marvel game the base roster is the exact same
HELLO?? Can we get some ART BOOKS?? The animation is amazing, looks so good!
Where's Cable?!
Why do they keep dropping 2d fighters? Give us another marvel nemesis already.
So is it just marvel characters or what
looks great but isn't 4v4 just too much? i thought 3v3 is perfect
why are they speaking japanese?
where is wolverine ? venom ? gambit ? !!!!
So the question has to be asked, when's Marvel vs. ArcSys?
Man why cant they stick to more comic accurate character designs
Where’s yo curly moustache at?!
IS STAR LORDS VA THE SAME AS JOSEPH JOESTAR?
Please tell me spiderman has a giant mech and a tommy gun!
So Starlord is just a re-skin of Dante from MVC 3?
0:58 Dante..?!?! Is that you?!?! 😂
when we combo 4 characters, should we call it Happy New Year?
is this Arc System's take on Marvel Super Heroes?
Am I the only one who think that this game is more like Dragon Ball FighterZ?
NO WAY! They made a marvel fighting game??????  Marvel games getting really good lately (definitely recovering from GOTG, that turn based game and Avengers games)
It's marvel superheroes  2 or sequel
Did Dr Doom just use the glock he has stored in his pocket...?
Another. PLAYSTATION EXCLUSIVE?! WHY
Why are they Japanese?
So… is this just a repeat of Marvel vs Capcom? I’ll be thoroughly surprised if capcom isn’t involved, or if this game doesn’t take heavy inspiration from Capcom.
But why
Where can I get this music it's delicious
Why isn't Spiderman jumping around all ninbly mimbly
I'm not sure how to feel about this as a MvC fan....like for instance you're playing as Storm except she has an entirely new moveset from MvC series that you'll have to relearn. Same with all other characters.
Japanese spider man isn't the emissary from hell?
Miss Marvel? Again? What aren't they learning?
Why why is it always anime style with marvel ??!!!
Excited but dfq u mean 4 characters ?
Maybe we will have Marvel vs Marvel 1 before GTA VI.
why ms marvel ?
So who’s your favorite fighting game character? The fire guy from hell that uses chains and has a flaming skull Oh so Scorpion? …no
I've yet to meet a single person that likes Kamala Khan, why is she still being pushed/promoted?
4 vs 4 but are we getting the fantastic four? Thought.. I do wonder who’s the final boss, the Spot (the spiderverse one), Beyonder, the maker (the Richard from the ultimate universe) , the one below all? We already had thanos and galactus, ultron too as bosses in a marvel fighting games so I’m curious about whats this game main villan is. Because I wanna see a villan who was never used as a fighting game boss
Alright I'll ask the important questions: Marvel vs. Guilty Gear vs. Persona WHEN?
What about android
Please tell me it will atleast be in pc
Will this be available on Xbox?
No English Dubs ? i love Japanese dub in anime but for Marvel characters its weird lol
Does Capcom get royalties for this?
Coming to Switch 2? 🤞🏾
What is this anime trash? That's a L.
Awesome, but why don't they make games for android too ??
Is that Miyuki Sawashiro voicing Storm??? The casting is spot on!
I don't know if anyone notice this but did Star Lord just do Dante special moves in Marvel vs Capcom?😅...the gun move  here 0:59
Am i the only one who feel it look like DBZF
One minor quibble: Spiderman needs his mech, like any good emissary of Hell. 😅
Is that Miyuki Sawashiro as Storm? She kept getting cast as electric women in games lol
*BROTHERS... DO YOU GUYS HONESTLY THINK THIS IS "PEAK"?*
1:39 Is that a JOJO reference!!!???
So, if you get a team wipe, would the new term be Happy New Year
why does marvel keep trying to push star lord so much?  get the punisher or some other actual good character in there lol
What?
Is wrong of me to expect an insanely large roster and synergies between characters?
I wonder if we will see again the FOOT DIVE!!!
Pony Station 5 exclusive? Why no Xbox?
Where is His FOOT DIVE
🤔Will it support NVIDIA DLSS 4 and Reflex 2 on PC?
Where is the Grapper?
Is this a dream?
Looks amazing! But...just 8 chacters??
No gooner skins? I still with Marvel Rivals.
how many gallons can i lose
Did you notice that Iron Man had a Gundam V antenna on his forehead?
Why does it look like captain America has a durag?!? That’s awesome 😂
Arc system works? Holy we might have a good fighter
From guilty gears dev? Im in
Wait!! What about the Capcom Characters though? Megaman? Morrigan? Zero? Resident evil? Arthur? Okami? And especially Mayor Haggar!?!??!?!??!?!?!,
So making them talk in japanese increase the sales?
Is coming to gamepass?
Is this comic look just an option or is it the only option?
So marvel copying league of legends  2XKO?
I thought most of these characters were American why are they speaking Japanese?
You guys think they'll have guest characters from other fighting games?
Anyine else notice there are a LOT of moves/similar animations that made it over from MVC? Like very similar attacks, looking at Spiderman and Ghostrider specifically
Hmm as a marvel vs Capcom fan idk how I feel. lots of moves looked copied and pasted over with new characters. Ms. Marvel moves like super skrull, ghost Rider like dante, Spider-Man like x-23,...Not to say I won't buy it😅
Where's his FOOT DIVE!!!!
What is this, some kinda Marvel Rivals? In all seriousness this looks really fun, as other people have said, a Marvel only fighting game (MvC will always be peak tho), they seem to have a really nice artstyle, fun gameplay, the voice acting is great (also on a side note I love how they gave Star Lord a deeper voice, I feel like it fits his earlier comic appearances- he’s changed a lot throughout the years). All in all, very excited. Yet another Marvel game, the hype continues to grow. Make mine Marvel!
And why are they speaking japanese... where's the english version
what does this mean are they dropping Capcom
Is Marvel coming back with their gamee titles?
Is Goku holding this game's code together too?
Why are they fighting among themselves? Are they some kind of rivals?
Will this be available in English?
Is this another new mode in Marvel Rivals?? 😟
Why do they want to make Asian Marvels?
Is this mvc3 but just Mv without the 3
Why did they need Star Lord, Ms. Marvel, Dr. Doom, and Captain America to beat down spider man 😭
Why do they keep trying to make Ms. Marvel happen? I can think of 100 other female Marvel characters that would have been better choices.
If all 4 characters get hit as part of a combo is that a happy new year?
... doesn't MvC already exist?  What's new on the table?
Please tell me there is a 1 vs 1 mode love fighting games but its hard to appreciate when its just a UI overload...even the last MK was a big meh since you can't tag team with a friend and are force to have a tag teamate AI
When did Spider-Man learn Japanese?
Wonder if there is a chance of collab characters
Arc system works? Oh this is about to go so hard…
What in the weebo did I just watch?
Wonder if goku is trapped in the files of this game as well 😂
Does ArcSys ever miss?  GundamIronBloodedMan 10/10
why they look like that
cool...but where are Deapool and Wolverine?
This game is Free? Or?
Looks good but why Ironman has a gundam V shape horn?
Am I clocking this right? Captain America's VA sounds like the JP voice for Trunks, and Ghost Rider's sounds like Diavolo/Ginyu
Is this made by the same people who 2XKO? Cause it feels very similar to that
It won't be available for ps4? And xbox
What did Spider-Man do in 1:52 to get tag team combo'd like this 🥀
When will they release a manga apart from the comic?
captain america with bomber jacket or vest? it goes hard, reminds me of soldier 76
Two questions: will doom foot dive  And will the game have dbfz fighting (as in simple fighting controls)
wait.. why ghot raider sounds like a lil boy T_T
why spider-man always getting ganged up😭
I can’t tell if this is marvels fault or capcoms fault for dropping the ball and making this marvel super heros
DID DOOM PULL OUT A GLOCK!?!?!!?!!
Why do they keep making the same game over and over? Can't they come up with something more? 😢
Can I get an artbook with this art style please? 🥺🥺❤️
did they do 4v4 specifically to have all the fantastic four in there at once? that's crazy, though.
Is that freaking Robbie Reyes?!?
No Deadpool and Wolverine?
Alright! If hitting 2 characters is considered a "Happy Birthday," and hitting 3 characters is considered a "Merry Christmas." What are we gonna call it when you hit all 4 characters?
Ugh, Ms Marvel? Why not add any of the Young Avengers if they want teen characters? They are so superior to her constant attempt to be quirky.😩
Horikoshi character art??
Why do these people keep trying to make Kamala Kahn happen? Her comic sales were abysmal, her show was poorly received, her powers are the same as Mr. Fantastic, and her back story is just plain dumb. If they made her a villain with the power to create explosions every time she said a certain phrase, she would be way more interesting and way more realistic.
Why not hulk and thor 😮😢
Seriously I thought Disney owned rights to marvel why am I seeing so many games from other countries being made with marvel characters ? 🤯
Are they just making a marvel version of Injustice?
First Marvel gave us their own Overwatch now they’re giving us their own Street Fighter what will they give us next?
so when is the next Marvel Vs. Capcom game?
CAN WE GET A MARVEL HEROES ONEGA 2 ALREADY INSTEAD OF A FIGHTERZ COPY!??!???!?
Arc Systems??? Oooo Hoping for some really complex gameplay
This looks cool and all, but I’m confused why are they speaking Japanese?
1:33 is that Robot’s LOIC from Yomi Hustle?? If Doom makes it as the game’s grappler I’m buying it Day 1
Why is a U.S. IP being shown to English Speakers in gobbledygook, that's like Ubisoft licensing Gundam IP and showing the game with everyone speaking french..
Will this play similarly to marvel v capcom? Maybe I should brush up on my overall skills lol
Will this have both Japanese and English voice work?
gilty gear marvel?
Quien te conoce Kings of Fighter
Japanese Spider-Man? Could it be? LEOPARDON?!
Guys where is Capcom?
Miyuki Sawashiro as Storm? Sounds like her.
Will it have duos?
the question is : there is  a corner in this game...right?...right????
i’ve never played a marvel fighting game how does this work
May you please not make this game expensive? If so, i would love.
Marvel Rivals now this? 😍
Is that Miyuki Sawashiro doing Storm?! How fitting for her to get another lightning character.
Marvel vs. Cap….  Wait, what?!
Omggg is this real
1:58-2:11 these are ultimate attacks? 😮
2XKO who...? Lol.
arc sistems work? SO ARE GETTING A SONG FOR EVERY CHARACTER??   also it makes me so sad to see marvel girl, so we are not getting mr fantastic?
So where's BlazBlue?
Isnt this just another marvel vs capcom / xmen? the moveset looks the same. Not that i mind tho.
4 v 4?! as a gamer boomer, I just can't. Every new gameplay mechanic in this generation just wants to add STRESS!!!
Does it play like mvc or dbfz?
Marvel game with jp voiced trailer? Lol
Why is this not just Marvel Vs Capcom 4?
What is 2xko? never heard of it?
Robbie Reyes Ghostrider instead of Johnny Blaze?
Looks great but why waste a roster spot on Kamala Khan when she can’t sell a comic to save a life?
Marvel Gear?
Is it free?
does DC stand for desperately confused? - a dc fan
But how much
so.... only 8 characters in the game?
Controlling 4 players at once? I can't even control one character to their full potential in an Arc System Works game... also, Iron Man is a Gundam now?!
What’s “Tokon”? Some series I’ve never heard of?
Looks amazing.....HORRIBLE NAME! WHO CAME UP WITH IT!?
But will it have Ruby Rose?
Who are these people? Where are all the Capcom characters?
Why Is it Japanese though?
Is it confirmed to be an exclusive for PlayStation, hope not.
DBZ FighterZ but Marvel?
Is this going to be on mobile
I AM BESIDE MYSELF, IS THIS REAL?? SOMEBODY PINCH ME
I wonder if there will be intro dialogue like in Mortal Kombat or in Marvel Rivals
Wheres punisher!?
DC who? 😂
What language r they talkin???
Anyone else here got to witness Max's live reaction 😂?
So... it's basically a marvel contest of champions 2?
Capcom who?
Does this mean marvel vs guilty gear or fighterZ is a possibility?
Which characters are being retconned into troons this time, Arc System Works?
Foot dive where?
Will this game have english dub?
Why does PlayStation get all the good stuff 😭
Kinda weird that Capcom is not involved. Who's that new character with red trenchcoat and face mask? Is it an original chracter for the game?
Is that... Fake Red??? I also love that they went with Robbie
What did the spiderman do to get beat up like that man
why so much garbage japanese art style games lately? Can we go back to some good character designs?
Did Capcom not want to play?
Did Maximillian Dood wish this into existence? He may have
so no switch2 port?
RDC?
really hype and the one thing im thinking, its an Arksys fighter with Marvel characters.. is this still considered an anime fighter?
Anyone else a fan of the new character designs?
This is the roster? 2 women?
WHY... Why always cameos, why can't we have true 1 v 1 ? Multiversus, Mortal Kombat 1, Project L, and now this game, stop with cameos, or make it optional...
A game like this can’t be that expensive to make, but watch them drop an $80 price tag.
Sitting here trying to figure out if I would favor English voices or Japanese.  It's so anime I'm really not certain.
No foot dive?
So were getting Marvel vs Guilty Gear in the future?
Marvel is American comic, why it became Japanese? Its called Manga not comic, American really lost its identity for money
Is it gonna be like Guilty Gear? Or Blazblue? Or FighterZ?  Anyway,  I'm excited for this game.
Why are videos games allergic to comic accurate Spiderman suit
Is it also a ftp game
Looks good. Will there be physical copies?
Cool but where is the Wolverine game? You know, the reason I upgraded?
Can you imagine Wolverine in this game?
Marvel and DB Fighterz had a baby?!
Why can't this be multiplatform?
Is this a MvC 5 proof of concept?
Is May Guilty Gear Vs. Tokon Ms. Marvel the new hot rivalry?
So what is this thing?  King of Marvel?  Street Marvel?  Whatever, I'm so down for this
no foot dive? 👉👈
Marvel FighterZ?
“When’s marvel?”
Ahhh 2xko, what will u do now
When does this come for Steam Deck?
A fighting game?
Where is the cheaper town hall?
Which Multiverse Timeline is this?
No black panther?
Only 8?
No Xbox clowns?
English come out later?
If catching 3 characters is a happy birthday what's catching 4 characters?
Why this trailer gave me the weird feeling they are going to use the "linked soul" history thing from fighterz?
Since when does dr doom pack heat?
So marvel fighterZ?
Why are they using Japanese voices??
Where dc games what going on over there?
How long till a Goku mod comes out for this
Can we please get the light, heavy, fierce punches and kicks back!!?? PLEASE
Does Doom not have foot dive?
Is this marvel guiltygears?
Game looks fantastic, I wonder if we’re getting Jean Grey? 😏
are they fighting in multiple arenas in one go?
Storm's voice actress is Miyuki Sawashiro right?
Was that the Robbie Reyes Ghost Rider? Awesome!
I doubt people involved will answer but, has the price of the game been decided?
Is it me or does this look like the exact animations to Dragon Ball FighterZ?
Will there be X factor!?
I mean, is nobody talking about how this looks like a modded fighter z? (No hate but still)
I wonder if this game will also be held together by goku
WHY IS IT WHEN A MARVEL GAME COME'S OUT IT'S ALWAYS ON F####### PLAYSTATION LIKE WHY DO THEY DO THIS TO ME?!?!?!? p.s. this is my opinion just to clarify.
Why is Star Lord so huge?
neat, now can we get Arc to make a Naruto game like this and DBZ FighterZ?
Who is the girl with the big arms and legs?
Ok who added ms.marvel instead of other character 😂
"What is this, some gatcha or mobile-like game?" *Arc System Works logo appears* "LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
This the same engine as Fighterz? Seems like it.
It really looks like fire but why do they wanna make every marvel game anime?
Where the HELL did this come from?!
where can i PRE-ORDER? idc i want to buy it NOW!!!!! lol
2XKO?  WHAT'S THAT?!  😂🤣😂🤣
So Marvels version of FighterZ?
switch 2??? plz
No footdive?
So this is PS exclusive?😢
Is there an English dub 😂
Has Miss Marvel ever been more popular than Mr. Fantastic? I always found her live action tv series more interesting than her comic book adaptation.
Bucciarati? *DIAVOLO??* Oh man i already love this!
soooo... MVC3 without the C?
Bro Spiderman's neck... Someone else see it weird tho?, but my lord iron man Gundam hits different
Where's Xbox and Switch 2? Kinda silly omission.
Who else already love it after just seeing it?
Wait, is Yuichi Nakamura voicing Captain America? I recognised that voice!  He's my favourite VA!
I feel like the Fighterz modding community already made this game?
Why they do marvel like this
Why no English VA out of the gate!?
Oh! If it's in Japan can we get Sakura Spider or Octo Girl from the Manga Spider-Man: Octo-Girl? Well Sakura Spider did appear from Deadpool Samurai first.
A 4 v 4? What are announced gonna call that collateral, an Anniversary?
Dazzler reveal when?!
A Marvel vs Marvel game, that looks better than a Marvel vs Capcom … what?!
Is there’s a option that allows you to do a 1v1 without a tag team up
Can someone translate?
So whats the reason they're fighting each other? Skrulls? Multiverse? Beyonders contest of Champions?
IS THAT ROBBIE MFING REYES?
is... is it mahvel baybee?
which studio is responsible for this
It is wrong to have bad feeling about this? Because Black panther game just got cancelled a week ago, i afraid this also suffer the same terrible end
(Monkey brain) WHERE FOOTDIVE? OO-OO, W-WHERE FUUT DYVE??
Anyone else tired of Asian stylization of American properties? They just look over designed.
The game looks awesome and I'm really excited for it, but why on god's name can't we have a simple costume design for Spider-Man in these modern games man? It's always this unnecessary "paddings" and different colors contrasting his red and blue, it's not original, and most of the time it doesn't even look good. This one at least looks decent I guess
where's Akuma?
Is that the Emissary from hell Supaiderman?
What are they yapping about?
Why is this on Japanese not complaining but only confused
Nevermind actually this could be a theory but what if they’re redoing the formula kinda like marvel super heros before marvel vs cap com or maybe do this game with a few x-men characters then do a sequel but an x-men fighting game , really letting thease games flesh themselves out without the “vs capcom “ for now
nen impact and now this???
Bro, where is Marvel Vs Capcom? They’re missing on some cash bro.
DBZ fighterZ style?
They abandoned capcom?!😮
Arc system doing a marvel fighting game? dam RIP CAPCOM
Is it gonna have a single player or arcade mode?
Did they beat out Capcom in fighting Marvel characters?!
Is this not just Marvel’s version of FighterZ with a 4v4 mode or am I missing something?
Why not switch 2?
2:12 Isn't this design from Deadpool: Samurai?
Is this game similar to marvel vs Capcom
Why no healer and tank?
Wait.. is this the dream come true? 😭
beta access?
Why the only game that makes "comic acurate" skins is fornite? Every Marvel game is made with incredibly ugly suits.
Is this a Sony exclusive?
How much for Wolverine, Nightcrawler, Beast and Cyclops? I only want to now... ajjaj
Is it only in Japanese ?
I’m worried about the roster size. Hopefully it’s not like Dragon Ball Fighter Z’s roster size
Why didnt they use Supaidaman?
you pick 4 characters? yea this definitely bouta have autocombos
Is that goddamn Sawashiro Miyuki voicing Storm?!
2:20 Corrupted asgard?(judging by the design of the background???)
... Wha?  (I'm here for it, tho)
Why not on Xbox??
Dragon Ball FighterZ Who??
Makes me wonder how Disney gave Arc their approval to do this.
What's this storm design?  It looks so cool
Where is Capcom?? =P
why does Iron Man have a V-Fin? He's a Gundam now?! 😅
Yo what is this Storm design? Looks great.
Arcsys made this?
Wait, we got another marvel game? In this economy?
Whens Marvel?
Ryu as a guest character?
where is dmc dante?
Good grief, how many characters are they going to have? That's an entire Street Fighter II playable roster per match.
Good god, what are these character designs?
We don't have Mahvel, but we have Maveru. And 4v4? We need the F4 please!
*EXCELSIOR* 😎     Wait, what is “Tokon” or even mean exactly? 🤨
Will Sunfire, or Silver Samurai be coming too?
2:02 Is this a Jojo reference?
Wait a minute, Storm has Milla Maxwell jp VA?
storm, kamala AND robbie reyes? oh im eating good
Is this Team Neo Blood? I feel like their style is coming through and that's why it feels both brand new and familar.
which character is gonna potemkin buster
Is that PS4 Spiderman?
How much longer until Groot and Bridget shake hands?
Pre-order when?
Arc system works involved? Peak fighting game incoming
Will it come to xbox? We need more good tag fighters
But where is magneto?
Marvel Vs Capcom 4 please ! WHEN ??????
DID I HEAR YUICHI NAKAMURA AS CAP AMERICA??????? HE SOUNDS SO GOOOD OMG Also can anyone say the rest of the vc cast? because spider man, ms marvel, iron man, ghost rider and doom sounds familiar, also star lord saounds like katsuyuki konishi
Can they stop trying to make Ms. Marvel/ Kamala Khan a thing already? Nobody likes this character no matter how many properties they push her into
Where is my foot dive on doom
Where did this come from?!😯
Did doom just pull out a clock
Who is the Main Spiderman in here ?🕷️🔴
So, Guilty Gear Vs. Marvel?
WHERE THE HELL IS RYU?!?!?
4v4 is gonna be fun! Wonder who i will learn, and who will be stuck as Assists
Ugh, where’s the real Ms Marvel? I don’t want no gomu gomu fist Marvel.
playstation exclusive? :|
Is it just me, or does this look way better than Injustice? I mean, personally, I prefer a fighting game with simpler animation rather than something weirdly realistic. Anyway, this game looks great.
Has anyone checked in on Max?
Wheres the rest of the X-men
Will this game be playable in English?
cool.... but wolverine news?
Spidey sense is an attack? Lol
IS THAT THE SPIDER-MAN "FAKE RED" SUIT??????
Did Doctor Doom just pull out the strap!?!?!
CAN YOU IMAGINE THE ROSTER FOR THIS GAME!
Where is the sequel to GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY?!!
When is it coming out
why do they look like that
Do you there will be alternative Skins? Because if i am not wrong the games of Arc system have only alternative colors
Learning 4 characters to start playing is a crazy ask for a casual tho
WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON????!!!
Is it just me or does iron man new armor resemble a little bit of gundam?
4 v 4? They're better be atleast 30 character at launch.
No Wolverine?!
Is this game going to be free next year?
where's the "footdive?"
Looks hype, but why is miss marvel in the game bruh 🤢
What timeline is this? Lol
Not in Xbox? 😢
The what?
Why does this game play almost look like  guilty gear strive 🤔
Wait, so they wanted to do a Marvel fighter and they went with Arksys? Sure glad there’s no other company that could do it. One with a legacy of doing it that people have wanted to come back for years. Sure glad they don’t exist.
We got an Arc Systems Marvel Fighting game before GTA6 what is this timeline?
Was i the only one waiting for ryu to show up
Is that Robbie Rayes Ghost Rider?
WHAT THE HELL IS IN SUMMER GAMES FEST TO GIVE US THIS IN STATE OF PLAY
Will this be on Xbox!!! ?
I wanted a Disney platform fighter but why not
Will this game be released for android?
Can someone tell Marvel to stop with the overdesigned costumes with a ton of random lines and etching? It's bothering the hell outta me.
TOBEY MAGUIRE FIGHT ??
Is this 4v4 co-op online?
wait, its captain america's seiyuu Satoru Gojo? Reinhard Van Astrea?
I wonder how big the roster is going to be.
No Xbox or Switch 2? :(
Does this mean that MVC is oficialy dead?
Very cool. Sign me up. Just curious... will there be a dubbed version?
No Black Panther in 2025? Oi Vey. Black Man can't catch a break
The Insomniac Wolverine game don’t even exist anymore, does it?
I wonder if it will have 2v2 in any way (like 4 real life ppl each controlling 2 characters maybe?)
Is this with campaign?
Where's Capcom tho??
Xbox please????
Will this end up being released dual audio?
Marvel vs capcom if it was anime
What’s the chances of seeing Man-Thing as a grapple character(
An arc system works Marvel fighting game?!?! Am I dreaming?!?!?!?
WHAT IS THAT??!!!
.... So like what's DC's excuse?
1:42 is that a Tom from Tom & Jerry scream??
Another marvel game? Are we going to have to pretend this one is good too?
Why did it have to be in a anime art style?
Nintendo Switch 2 version?
Why does it look similar to Marvel versus Capcom but anime style?
Is it on the phone?
Is it all Chinese?
Was that Miyuki Sawashiro voicing Storm!? 😍
