My dude, Caldina GT-Four?!?…..all wheel drive turbo 3sgte. Basically a Grocery Getter brother to the Celica GT-Four.
How was the Zonda not covered under Show and Display? Surely someone lined the pockets of the people that come up with that list enough to have it put on it right?!
Idk why but the 4:12 pimp  Had me dying
Where'd you get the Polo please?
18:00 Dude, tell me that isn't Robert Plant?
7:49 you used the belgian flag instead of the german one and had me questioning if audi is actually a belgian company
What do you think about the Australian Ford Falcon GT-P
Jeremy, I thought the Opel Speeedster/ Vauxhall 220 was also the Saturn Sky/ Pontiac Solstice for America. Saturn also had a "Red Line" edition that was turbo charged.
Slot a 5 cylinder in the S3 and you're golden. Granted it's more work than is fun but it's also gonna be worth it - be like AWD on the Golf.. hmm.. which may be the better option - fit a Haldex system to the Golf then!? lol
Are you wearing that Cricket shirt?!?
How much was the TVR???
Why German flag is replaced by Belgium ones?
Thank you for all the love you put into this! We love you too! We're all happy that you did so well post 🍩. You are one of the reasons why we were fans of that channel!   Do you recommend any company that does pre purchase inspections? I'm willing to travel anywhere in the US for the car I want, but I want some peace of mind before buying
Seriously rs4 b5 was illegal in US? lol
did you use belgium´s flag insted of germany´s for a reason ?
Will cars now have 25% import tax since they are mainly metal?
21:19 thats no german flag dude thats belgium i guess. Germany has horizontal stripes in the order of black red yellow
My biggest motivator towards an import is rhd. I was in a motorcycle accident and so far I have very limited range of motion in my right knee that might make getting in a US market car difficult (maybe my truck will still be easy enough to get in and out of? Haven’t been able to try getting in yet). The concern also comes from the compounded fact of me being on the taller side and wondering if Ill be able to get my leg in the door frame in a way that also allows the rest of my body to follow in a controlled way lol. Not making a hasty decision but I am preparing myself for that possibility 🤷‍♂️.
him and Doechii have the same stylist? (complimentary)
so your homework for this consisted of.. playing gran turismo 3?
What are those box files above you, the ones that say DO NOT OPEN, and so onm?
Why are Lexus F cars never on these lists?
Where’s the aristo 2jzgte or the hot hatch version with the 3uzfe
in CA don't these cars all still need to pass smog?
What happened to cars for 3k to 7k. For budget people living in the lower end of the spectrum?
11:28 awake late  now , wondering why this dude thinks German cars are quality - cool video though thanks thumbs up
Please explain Siamese twin skit😂
What’s a Lupo weight in at? In schnitzel’s?
He had a heart attack?
This has nothing to do with the video , love the videos BTW / i was just wondering about Cherry the Japanese Car ,, Can you do a video on that ?  Sorry for being demanding or whatever still much love .
6:47 track ID anyone?
Why are all the German cars with the wrong flags on it ?
Has anyone imported a car from Japan?
What's with the Belgian flags for German cars?
Is it just me or does JP have ozempic face?
Anyone from back in the Vortex days remember the guy who somehow imported a blue S3 and went nuts at a car show and ran from the cops and got arrested? I forget if it was h2o or waterfest but that's all I ever think about when I see an S3...
Do we still need to pay the chicken tax on it if it's +25 years old?
Where's the 1999 (2024) vid??
hey @jamespumphrey, have you thought of a "how did we get here" series based on cars that prices have gotten out of control? 🤔
Zonda is dope, the backstory was great thank you; perhaps it could’ve already been imported via that show car loophole? :)
Why did you use the Belgican flag on German cars? Lol
I think that was Holden is a Cadillac Catera with an LS1?
what about the BMW E46 M3 CSL
Ford focus RS500???
How reliable are these? Lol
Where there f**k have you been with Donut? Like what happened, jerr and jobe are gone and haven't seen you in months
Can you do an episode on hotwheels collection culture?
I thought Altezza Gita never got the manual 3sge though?
Is that Klein Stage in the back?!
wtf is up with the huge mistake  using a Belgian flag for Germany? You guys are total b0z0s.
Isn't Pontiac G8 pretty much the same thing as the Holden?
Can you do the same thing for trucks and SUVs? Especially the offroad types
Guys why you and most american love wagon cars?
is tvr has BMWs engines?
Doesn't all the terrifs make this even more undoable than ever before?
Would like to see a video of cool cars that will be available to import 5 years from now
Can anyone else join the discord or are you getting that the link is expired as well?
when do we get to talk about the Saab Sonett?
what´s that beat at 13:00 called?
Doesn’t the German sound for the W is the V sound? Maybe that’s why Wheeler is a V in the acronym. Help me if I’m wrong
James, what happened to your pizzazz? It makes me sad not seeing you being a spaz..
What was the cool factor score for the RS4?
Can we have a bicycle episode? That yellow bike in the background always catches my eye
Where are Part 1,2,3 and 4?
What chair are you sitting in? Looks very elegant. :)
Are you sick my guy? You lookin thin. I'm concerned, really
Does anyone know where to find an easy guide to importing cars?
As a Belgian seeing this the flag really made me second geuss myself on which one was actually ours 🤣
Is that the old Donut mic you stole before you lift? You sound exactly the same. James........
250k???????????? skylines used to sell for 15k to 35k usd here, unsure if they gone up now, b0t was never a fan of the ricerboiler scene, but saw them for sales on shows and markets anyway
why is there a belgium flag on the german cars?
What’s with the Belgian flags ?
Audi RS4 , s3 and Opel ist German ?
I don't have $250000, do you? No? So here's affordable* PAGANI ZONDA for just a $7mil
Does this mean you can import the newest version of the Clio?
Anyone knows why Cars From Japan website still shows only 1999 and older cars ok to import?
They made a JZS171 Crown Wagon?!? A clean one with a mint interior on some Work VSKF's would go so hard as a daily VIP
How to tell you got educated in America without saying it?
Oh hey, an ex Donut man… Wonder if he’s still dealing with daddy issues. Subbed.
Wait did you actually have a heart attack
6N Lupo?  6N is a Generation of VW Polo.  A Lupo is a Lupo, unless it’s a SEAT Arosa.   GTI Lupo has aluminium body panels and a 6 speed gearbox.  Very rare these days.  Lupos weren’t built that well.
Speed x BigTime colab?? They took away the best donut hosts and replaced yall with trash 🗑️
Where the 147 GTA ?
Why is no one talking about that sweater?
James -20kg? Ozempic ? 😊
Who owns the full carbon countach??
Why was the cars forbiden in USA?
What about Ford Escort RS Cosworth? I am disappointed it didn’t make to the list 🤷🏼
why the belgian flag tho?
Huh. That TVR looks really familiar. I wonder if it was in a game I've played.
What are the laws on importing Japanese Kei cars (not trucks) in the states?
Is affordability in the video too?
How come u messed up on the flags here, ur using the Belgium flag instead of the German flag, which has the same colors but the stripes are different
When's the Speeed BigTime crossover happening?
wheres the cars for broke boys video
The guy in the VX220 pictures. Is that Robert Plant?
Is that a seat cupra ??
Y is that ending giving me Midwest emo reviewbrah vibes?
No ford falcon?
Seat Ibiza channel build? Here you can make a diesel rocket easily for cheap and the car itself is dirt cheap.
I thought the Gita was AWD? Or was the AWD only AT??
Do we have to smog these in Cali?
The GT-R is stupid expensive here a list of affordable cars and a $5 million pagani….. you okay bro?
8:31 didn’t the US market B5 s4 come with a v8?
Damn man, how did a top 15 car list make me get emotional about changing times. Killer video and vibe man.
SOo I was like why does Matt from Matts off road Recovery look familiar? Then it hit me he looks like you in a big ol bushy beard. weird right? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsoTKiHqsWM
Can you do a video over the Toyota 2zzge? Sleeper inside the Toyota  XRS, Matrix, VIBE GT, Celica GTS, Corolla T Sport, lotus Elise? 🎉🎉🎉
Wait James had a heart attack?
I was wondering why the belgian flag at the  beginning, and when I saw the first one I remembered this is an american channel.
10:50 anyone remember that fool with the imported A3 or S3 in the early 2000's at waterfest (was it waterfest?? I can't remember, that was so long ago)? lol
I'm not sure, but was the Opel Omega V6 from the 90s? Cause if it's also a 2000 model, that thing is fire
Audi IS German Not belgian so why u used the belgian falg for all the German Cars?
aren't the audi's and VW german cars?
What's with the Donut mic?
what is the brand of the chair that you are sitting in?
Is that a pair of Schmidt wheels in the back? ❤
Since when are our german VWs and Audis from Belgium?? What Intern is to blame here? We (ze Germans) are demanding a name, while we start lighting our torches!
Hold on, didn't the Top Secret GT500 Supra have an RB26DETT?
I spent the whole intro wondering... WHAT BELGIAN CARS DO THEY HAVE IN THAT LIST???
Did you get the C6 RS6 in the US from release?
is there anyone who has imported Alfa Romeo GTVs in the US? it is a very cool car but i imagine hard to maintain there
Is this channel still affiliated with Doughnut, or did you just steeel that microphone on the way out 😂
#3 is a Saturn Sky no?
Man, c'mon Belgian flag by the Lupo GTI?!
Please tell me the "German" Flag was a joke xD
Why is this video in german??
Maybe it's a good idea to import cars that are close to 25 years old but not yet there. Store them in Canada and register them when they are old enough. A lot of the cool stuff is getting very expensive as soon as you guys can import it. Options: Alfa Romeo 147 or 156 GTA(2002) (You can get an early 156 2.5 busso v6 already) Seat Leon Cupra R (2002) Ford Focus RS (MK1) 2002 RS6 C5 avant (2002) Alpina B10 V8s touring (2002) Mercedes C55 AMG combi (2004) MG ZT260 (2004)
04:50 why is there a flag of Belgium and not Germany on the VW Lupo GTI?
I have to tell you James i really wonder since when is Vw and Audi a belgium car maker. maybe u can change the flag to the correct one.
Why have you used the flag of Belgium for German cars? Unless these are special Belgium only editions, that makes them rare even in Europe.
Yo James!! (Sir James cuz I’m idk 20 years more younger) can you make a vid about small mid/rear engine cars like the Opel and the MR2 Spyder? That would be great! Oh yeah, it needs to be cheap, cuz u know the economy man
5 th back to back rocket money add on different channels wtf?
The link for the discord server isn’t working for me. Is anyone else having problems with it?
What happens when a coolant hose blows or a thermostat needs to be replaced, the car is down a week plus.. Get an old Dodge, Chevy or Ford and put a Holly Sniper on it!..🛻
trevor AND rocketmoney mentioned???? trevor wallace collab soon?!?!?!
What? No 206?? Damn
Why are you guys using a Belgium flag for Germany? Lmao
James, I have a question, Is the Honda S660 coming to the USA?
Thoughts on the Volvo 850r?
It's near impossible to do this in Cali right?
Will More Holden's be imported soon to the USA?
250k for like what 290 HP ??? Those GTR’s are seriously over hyped and cost way to much
A Speeed video AND a Vin_tra video in the same day?? We are blessed 🙏🏻🙏🏻
Whats everyones favorite  cars on the list in the video?
why u have belgium flag on german cars?
wait... Wasn't Opel Speedster originally British? Ah, yes, it was.
So is the R34 actually legal to own and drive in the States, now? I thought I'd seen somewhere else it was a "well yes but actually no" situation.
How do you talk about Japanese vans without mentioning Toyota Hiace 4WD’s or Mitsubishi Delica 4WD’s? They’re way cooler.
Cool list, but like half was VW( I know they’re your favorite), but not one Honda?!?  Not a NSX type S, an Accord SiR or Euro R, a Torneo, a city, S2000 type s, etc…
I am just curious how did the Belgian flags go unnoticed throughout the whole video for German cars.
I thought they didn't do these "D-list" things anymore?
Could you imagine how much of a pain in the ass it would be to fix your varietta top?! I have trouble getting my z soft top to go back down 😵‍💫
How do people in California get around the smog restrictions and dmv regulations
Wait.. the Zonda is 25 years old? i feel old man.
What kind of rims r those behind you!
I hope it's not your fault but man, 2 unskippable ads every couple minutes?? Really??
Am I high or is 7 a minivan? 14:06    Also I 10/10 want an m12 noble
A subscription service to fix your subscription services? What could go wrong
dude wheres that pagani lambo that's fucking sick and gotta be worth all the money
Could I still do the pinegrove shuffle to the outro?
Donut who?
No rank for the RS4?
can we get the turbo rs rally clio too? because Ive always wanted to take a clio v6, a clio RS turbo, and a spare RS turbo front clip and build a twin engine awd clio with two of the turbo 4cyl they use in ralley.  a teeny tiny miniature escudo pikes peak basically.  with a crazier wide body and snow plow looking aero.  its been a dream since nfs underground lol
Wait, where has James been? Why he got a donut mic? I’m so confused but excited?
James the gita’s only came with the 1gfse manual they never made a 3sge one but I understand where the confusion is because beams was a name for the variable valve timing system also you could get the 2jz in a awd version fun fact 2jZ is direct injected with those the engine code is 2jzfse
I mean this car was a 1997 model but how can it have never appeared on one of these lists?!?!?!  97 Mitsubishi RVR Hyper Sport Gear R  A fuckin small minivan with insane bodykit,  Recaro fishnet seats and the driveline from a FUCKIN EVO 3!!!!  Japanese advert for the model - https://youtu.be/jo_uqp_l6sE?si=9_ZoNHL_3rL0VDYI  And that's the just the jewel of the RvR line, check out the Open gear etc while you're there
What so you think about the potential outlaw of driving in the future? They wanna make driving illegal man wtFREAK
Hey James was that you I saw in a Pizza Hut commercial on YT?  You're standing outside trying to deliver some pizza and wings to two guys arguing over which is better. If not you got a major clone running around!
Did anyone else get 1 ad every 60 seconds?
Thanks for the vid!  Also, whats the name of the vocal track at the end w/spinning Speeed Logo, if you don't mind me asking... lol, I wanted to hear more of it as well
Didn't the opel speedster/ VX220 come to the US as a Saturn?
Can you make cool cars to import from Brazil?
Eternally curious how cars imported that are between 1996 and 2000 pass emissions, if at all
A skyline for 250K?! where are you getting it?
18:00 is that Robert Plant?
Every year is a new - WTF can I import now? Oh yeah, I rent so I have no place to store the car - DAMN IT!
Any Zondas on FB marketplace?
1 sided much? No Hondas or subarus
What’s the song at the end?
Im still wondering why i saw a Renault Clio V6 in Connecticut last summer. It had a bunch of race decals on it, sounded insane, and everyone was wondering what it was. I was at a popular ice cream shop of all places lol.
Did you summon me here? I feel like I was summoned here for some reason.....
How can you mention the RS4 and not mention porche's involvement.
Simple question? Why is it that whenever you talk about "Australian cars" its only holden which isn't actually Australian, they are opal's with American engines. You know that Australia actually had ford Australia who had Australian designed and powered cars and would be awesome if you shed some light on them.
How many ads are in this videos?
Is that a Cupra?
Chat, which car in this video is your favorite?
how bout we just skip the Cilo and get the Turbo 2?
Does the car needs to be 25 years old or it needs to have come out 25 years ago?!?! For the Clio V6 you don't want a first gen that came out in 2000, you want a phase 2 that came out in 2003.
What the heck is affordable about a Clio that goes between 46k and 77k euros?!
What is the song clip at the end of the video? losing my mind trying to find it lol
I wonder if the Zonda C12 will have an "approachable" price point when they become eligible in 2027.
DId someone wrote about the flags yet ?
what chair are you sitting in?
What happened to this guy’s energy? Is he hired something?
Can we just talk about how cool the Klein is in the background?
Can you make a follow up video how to legally own these cars in California!
Why you using the Belgium flag for German company? VW an Audi.
@6:20 you might be mistaking this with TWR (Tom Walkinshaw Racing) which is a British company that built and tuned Jaguars, Astons, and Volvos. TVR indeed stands for TreVoR.
What happened to the other format with you sitting in front of of the book shelf?
TVR the W is upside down?
I thought the Zonda was available in the USA?
You dont have 250,000 bucks bro? But your in my forza game, and that other dookie game, wow! Well gg on still.......going, i would still import a mk 1 golf rhd, i dont really like skylines....
Is this a shill channel for Donut?
James, we need deets on that chair. It looks comfy.
why is the german Flag wrong?
Day 6 I think of asking for up to speed on Kimi Raikkonen
Isnt the opal speedster the same as the Pontiac Solstice or Saturn Sky.
Are Renualts still garbage and terrible to repair and maintain?
Is that a donut mic?
I love the new shirt, but 30 euros for shipping is just as much as for the shirt:( How can i get it to Amsterdam for less!?❤️🇳🇱
Nice microphone.....  will they want some of the ad revenue?
Discord link working for anyone?
Is this where my Crown estate Athlete V shoots up on value
@james… where did you get that polo shirt? I like it
get the flags in order;-) Belgium / Germany wtf?
New d list?
13:02 idk man i think they were hotter on a particular day in 1945 🇺🇸🦅
What was that song at the end?
is it just me or does speeed have amazing editing, jaw dropping visuals? gotta hand it to the editor, i hope they were mentioned in the description.
Wait...so they made the Opel GT with the same engine which mimics the Pontiac Solstice/ Saturn Sky but then made an even cooler body style and called it the Opel Speedster? Damn...we missed out!
Fantastic list, but question. Could I convert my 2014 Jetta to awd?
Are you not allowed to collaborate or be around  cars in person as agreements with leaving donut?? Sorry but endless lists videos while talking swiveling in a chair isn't gonna cut it. You better get your butt out  doing projects.
Only one of these gets rated a 0 (but fr man?!)
Why is there this 25 year rule 😅
What are some good european import companies to work with?
Why do you have Belgian flags next to the German cars?
All this mk4 Volkswagen love and not even a mention of my fave, the New Beetle RSi!?😩  I've always felt like it was kind of the Camaro SS to the Clio V6's Mustang GT... Or the other way around??? Either way they're two cars I've always paired together. :P (Then later on we got the Focus RS and Mini GP R53...)  Another car I'd have personally put on my list is the Vitz RS Turbo though I'm not 100% sure if that was a 2000 release or a little later.
Wasn't the TVR Tuscan what John Travolta drove in the movie Swordfish?
Did you know you can get the Mercedes vito as a VR6?
🧑🏾‍💻 but what's next
Can we get a garage tour?
No mention of the Toyota BB open deck?!?
How much for shipping? Does anyone know the process and $$
Where is my Idaho Potato episode?! My spuds growing warts waiting 😂
Is that a KLEIN quantum pro in the background?!!! That’s a nice bike!
Am I drunk or are all the german cars represented by a belgium flag?
Where can I get that Renault?!?
Since when is every German car from Belgium? Great Video though
James! What’s up my Kentucky brother!? Hope all is well over there in California.
Didn't Donut just do this exact video?
Did you know about the Norwegian car company Called (( TROLL ))
Steal the Donut mic from your old job?
Hey James, how's it goin?
Have you considered wearing a turtle neck? Kind of being funny but at the same time I could see you wearing one lolol
