12:06 - Would it make sense to expand high speed internet to every remote corner of a state to bring remote workers, to live there?  To have the option to choose your backdrop so to speak, can bring in a lot of e tea revenue to the states who make the investment, correct?  Because let's be honest, there are many many people of all ages who would be very happy in the north woods of Wisconsin, or the mountains of Montana, than living in a big city or even moving to another foreign city.
watching this after the hurricanes like.... this still the case?
curious if the hurricanes will affect this....
What is this an economy crazy looking a space shop
What about Mother Nature - how does she factor in?
Is this a comparison of real gdp to some standard unit of measure to do the comparison? I bet there's a big difference between what China is producing and what the US is producing.  I wish there was a geo-strategic gdp measure that wouldnt include speculation or jobs that don't product something related to the defense logistics pyramid.
Does Florida really have nicer weather though? It’s just humid and hot with a high risk of hurricanes.
I just want to know a short and simple reason. How hard is it to answer the question in the title?
Do you think New York and California could absorb all of the housing we are able to build? I do. More supply, cheaper housing = growth.   No housing growth, people move to Florida and Tennessee.
I'm not sure why the video needs to make Florida look bad for doing the same thing that California and New York did over the last five decades. Now it's our turn. When California and New York come back from planet "woke", they can stop hemorrhaging residents and businesses.
I wonder how manu people moved to Florida are now stuck because of the low wages and can't afford to move again.
why doesn't the GDP take in consideration the national debt? 35 trillion right now.
Gee I wonder why the numbers are inversed from New York to Florida.     As a native of Florida, GET OUT OF THE LEFT LANE!
fla really? I call BS
is it really grow tho? more like shift because people move there and other states actually go down
How is competition for economically advantageous legislation a bad thing? Competition is always a good thing in economics.
Florida is less restrictive?? Or just more corrupt?? Crazy choice of words there lol
Maybe next time use The New York State flag instead of the New York City Flag.
Kinda looks opportunistic. Or may develop into something that will be?
Why Maryland is doing bad?
Idk if moving means growth
Man, workers in Florida must be making GREAT salaries and reap HUGE rewards for catapulting their economy the way they do, right?   RIGHT??
What about the sinking?
Anyone wondering when he will mention that Florida is growing primarily because it is banker to the Mexican Cartels?
EE love your channel but you know china is lying about their GDP #s was that factored into their "growth" statistics?
The Netherlands a federation? Did you take the semi-autonomous regions like Curaçao in considiration or just the European Netherlands?
Golly, gee, whiz, I wonder what the major difference is between the states with the most negative migration, and the states with the most positive migration.....
How New York beats Texas on your economic leaderboard is puzzling
IDK if you see the big pic
What are the reasons why corporations move to Florida in the first place is because of workman's comp and pay roll taxes. Corporates pay 60 less the any other state for things like unemployment taxes basically bank bankrupting the staff unemployed and disability system
Did you mention the pandemic response? If so, I missed it.
Why did you frame this as Florida being the bad guy? Maybe those other states should elect leaders to pass legislation that copies the advantages Florida has.
If the highly trained, highly skilled workers are leaving regions like California and New York, what does that tell you about the places they are leaving, yet those places never change the policy that lost them those workers in the first place. why would competitions within the states not be a good thing? with demands for higher minimum wages and other regulations, why not let competition create those advantages?
To other states: Skill Issue
Are you blaming Florida for growing because CA, NY, and WA are increasingly unhinged authoritarian states?
How can an economics channel undervalue competition so much? Government is inefficient and has an excessive tax burden. People vote with their feet and move to more competitive and better run areas.
What was the growth in PPP?  Because GDP is a garbage measurement.
Curious how the insurance challenges from storms and rising fraud will impact the overall ratings.
I wonder why people are moving from the blue states to the red states? 🤔
Why "because of Florida"? California has a higher GDP and grew at a faster rate than Florida for 2023 and has a much larger GDP contribution per capita than Florida.
Isn't it currently trending in the opposite direction since DeSantis began his culture war against Disney and their migrant work force?  I know I've read plenty of stories about industries abandoning the state because their stances on reproductive rights making it hostile for attracting female workers.
Euhmmmm at 1:01 that's not the flag of the state New York. That's the flag of New York CITY.
bro can you please post consistently?
I wonder if politics plays a role in this migration? lol
Bruh, mass migration to Florida (and texas) starting 2020... 🤔 What could be the reason??  Ohhh taxes! They moved to avoid state taxes, that's definitely it!  🤦‍♂️
Why did you use the wrong flag for NY? Love the video just wondering.
Question: in your leaderboard you hage NY with the NYC flag not the New York State flag. Is the number two rated economy just New York City, or is it New York state?
We are growing so fast but prices are ridiculous and housing unaffordable?
So here is my question what if the other states like Cali over burden the worker, and doesn't improve residents everyone leaves.  States like CO and UT are overflowing with people moving.
undergrad working part time was the manager? Not as ordinary as you think
How to explain a non-fact? :)
WHere does that ranking leaderboard come from? Why is Texas higher than China?
Idk we need a us car insurance just make an insurance mid from highest car insurance with lowest and let you easily pay for each month regardless of state bounds would make more sense.
You cant be naming videos like this... What if the Floridians see it? They won't make it through the video and will go around saying things like "Florida beat China" and i have to hear it all day.
Could you please make a video about the hungarian economy? It will be great to see how is it going, despite the political issues.😃
So... when is the revolution?
Why wouldn't FL take some income tax since it is responsible for this status?  If it's the ultimate destination, people will pay it!
"But at what cost" for USA in comparison to china is like pulling uno reverse 😭😂
Does increased property development in Florida increase property insurance premiums overall?
What does he mean by "outgrows"? US GDP grew by 2.5% while China's grew by 5.4% last year.
Can people pay their property taxes and interest on home loans in Florida in the long run?
Why did the GDP growth by state have Maryland and New Hampshire whited out?
Can y’all stop moving to Florida? Thanks.
I was wondering why I don’t recognize the flag you are using for New York…. because it is the flag of New York City, not the state. The flag for the State of New York is blue with “Excelsior” coat of arms. Source: I spent most my life living in the Capital of New York, which isn’t NYC 😅
Are these images in the video of real humans or creates by AI?
i dont understand??? so what is the Florida is doing well? is it because they steal from other states the workers/bussines? not very interesting video at all mate'...
How can you do this entire video and not explain that the Trump tax changes are what is driving this migration?
Why you need to compete with a economic giant like China? Grow at your own pace and be happy with it.
Can you start including the median (not average!) income per capita in your analysis? Or Gini coefficient? I find it interesting to know how much of a country's population benefits from that country's economic output
How is Florida the first western city in the north American continent? Did you hear of a tiny place South of Florida (still in North America) called Mexico?
Did you eat Tabasco before this video EE? So stressed and hard to follow
Thanks for thinking about languages not native to Europe. Does Malayalam ring bell? Would you like to make video about the economy of Kerala or your views, as in what’s good or bad?
7:50 Wouldn't productive workers moving to Florida and diminishing the wealth of other states go against the idea that the American economy grew due to Florida?
is this AI generated?
If I declared myself a country and ran a 1.5 trillion deficit where would I rank on the leaderboard?
Who’s going to say the quiet bit out loud? States that get woke, their citizens go to Florida….
Why don't you make a video about getting insurance in Florida....
How DARE you make a video based on facts and not politics!
Did China officially grow by 5.2% last year?
Now overlay that map of growth per state with the political map of the US - what is the correlation?
Has he done a California leader bird? lol
Sooo....Florida Man is more important than first thought?
I feel like the competition between states in the US is seen as a feature and not a bug. Perhaps states like California and NY would be losing fewer people and businesses to Texas and Florida if they eased up on their taxes and regulations? These migrations don't happen for no reason.
Wonder how much Messi going to Miami plays a part in this
Growth? How? The planet is finite.
So how does Florida have the same score as Texas when Texas has far higher GDP per capita, much bigger GDP, more people, and the most Fortune 500 companies in the country.
So we're just gonna gloss over the starfort @ 3:47 like it's no big deal?
Oh man, have we forgotten COVID and the lock downs? California and New York crushed people's rights and drove them out.
Can you do an episode on Australia states. Like WA or Queensland
Disaster funding allocated by federal government by state since 2017 for all non-covid disasters (from fema's website): NY - $2B, CA - $13B, FL $29B....what happens as more people move to florida and property values continue to rise? US citizens should refuse to pay disaster bills for Floridians. Most of this is for hurricanes and fire disaster declarations.
When did Vermont and New Hampshire merge?
Is this growth sustainable?  Well, most of it will be under water in 40 years, so probably not in the long term.
Requesting an analysis for Washington state - the home of Amazon, Microsoft, Boeing, Starbucks and more!
How is worker/job migration to Florida increasing the US economy? Shouldn't the net growth be the same?
What because of inflation? LOL
"Race to the bottom when it comes to taxes and regulations?" You mean states doing their best to offer taxpayers the best bang for their bucks in terms of government? Yeah, sure, we wouldn't want that!
(7:48) Is it because the price of housing and rents are going to go up to due to demand?
Why are we trying to make Florida Man even more overpowered? He is already unstoppable.
Aw you had to work a retail job whilst studying? I feel so bad for you mate, what a unique experience here in Australia. Hope you can treat that PTSD long term lol don't work too hard x
Is this trend happing in other federated countries? You’re an Australian, how is tropical Queensland? The Florida of Australia… or is it the Texas of Australia.  More to the point, how is this trend effecting Regional and Remote Areas compared to Metro Areas?
I love the “but at what cost” in the thumbnail.  Assuming it’s a nod to how the US media covers “good” news coming out of China.
I wonder why only Florida can lower their tax, maybe the blue states can stop spending TAX money on the woke policies so they lower their tax? This video is so tunnel-visioned.
how does the US have a 9.4 on the leaderboard when none of their individual states are 9+ and there are a lot of bad economic states that haven't been included?
I've been wondering how long this Floridian growth will persist in the face of a correction to their property insurance markets.
Didn’t California pass a tax on leaving with money?
How is the Netherlands a Federation? It's a parlementaire monarchy.
Why do all of this person sentences end in ellipses?
so no state taxes, but they charge high taxes on purchases and other things to make up for it, so is it really cheaper?
I’d like to know what Idaho is up to. It’s bright blue on the map also.
is there a catch to a state not having income tax? Like great youre saving on that but.... what do they miss out on as a result of that?
Maybe if those other states let people build enough housing they wouldn't be dealing with this.
12:10 Where the heck is that???
If the problem is that people are moving to Florida for it's 0% income tax, why not just compete by also charging no income tax and scaling down the bureaucracy to what the sales tax can support?
If it is increasing its economy at the cost of other states economy how has it allowed it to start growing faster than china?
What country is this ?
No talk about the exodus of agricultural workers?
May be this related to devaluation? We are not talking about real GDP here.
Is it because all the rich boomers moved there upon retiring during Covid?
is this actually growth or is it neolib bullshit with parasitic housing and col costs?
How much of the US growth is based on reduced standards of living that most migrants have to deal with to make it here?
Kind of a moot story as most of the state will be underwater in about 40 years.
Please do a video on the mongolian economy  Mabey include ww2 and how they helped the Soviets (to anyone who doesn't know it was almost entirely humanitarian
I know illinois is kind of viewed as a has been state, but can we do a deep dive on it? It still tends to rate highly and Chicago is still a major hub for many things in America.
Was using New York city’s flag instead of the states intentional?
Im sorry, why are we not talking about idaho?
Hey EE! Love the video! Just a request, could we get some videos about the economics on the states in the land down under? Id love to hear about them in a more expanded context than just a broad national overview!   No pressure ofc! Lots of love from the USA, aussie aussie aussie!
How does GDP get an 8/10!? At what ranking would it be considered a 9/10?
Why are you using New York City's flag to represent the State of New York?
Am I the only that have never seen the New York flag until now?
How much of all this growth due to the huge deficit the USA runs every year?
Y'ALL EVER TRIED GATOR MEAT???
Umm... the flag use for New York is the one for NYC not NYS.
But at what cost 😂
