Why did their garbage battery go bad after 3000 miles? Ferrari should have paid your bill for the other garage fixing it now that you proved it was the battery not your changing the exhaust!?!
I know it’s kind’ve a heartfelt vid cuz of his mum, but did anyone notice the Patek perpetual on his wrist… fu*king class
So Novitech is officially working with Rari, but Rari cancels the warranty after they work on it ?? A ferrari is not meant to be driven.... big Ferrari fan... one month after this video he sold it......now he has a sheiss Lambo... more misery...
What modification did you do to the car that flagged up the warranty problem?
2 1/2 weeks to check the battery?
Have you checked the fuse that’s connected to the positive battery cable. The errors your getting seems like it may have been that
Did they test -  EVERY WIRE, PLUG & FUSE?  EVERY WIRE, PLUG & FUSE?  EVERY WIRE, PLUG & FUSE?   you didn’t say??
Why haven't you put anything up
How is this my first time hearing of this godtier channel?
Any new updates Nico???
Did they reprogram the battery if they just installed it and not reprogram it this could be the problem!
Is there an update?
what ever happened to the Ferrari????????, came searching to see if there was a conclusion and i missed it>
Are you going to do an update soon?
How did this actually pan out? Would love to see an update on what actually was wrong.
when is the conclusion coming?
Did the (ECU) computer get replaced back in Monaco?
when new episode?
Just start posting things 1 post in months WTF NIC..?!!
Is this channel dead?
i think you have a alternator issue
How about putting your original exhaust back on for a while, purely to rule that out as a problem and stop Ferrari bumming you.
Are we ever going to see content on this page ?
Any update?
Problems with your car? Ask the Germans, even if your car is Italian…  Edit: next time - buy a German car 😉
So what happened? I’m guessing you want to or already put it back to stock. Can we get an update?
Did they check all the wires and all the fuses? LOL
… i have to ask: did they check the fuses? 😂
Nico, soooo are you going to upload a new video? Or are you a quitter? Because I know damn well you ain’t no quitter. Your mama raised you better than that. Get out of the slump and get it going! You got this mate!!
One thing i did not understand: did they now check any fuses, or wires or connections or not? You forgott to inform us about that.
Did they check every wire though
Check your IBS.
why did you buy a Ferrari?? Just figured it out! Classic shiny object syndrome. I have made that mistake also, but you are smarter than most people can see through bad watch dealers and watches, how could you get suckered into buying a Ferrari?
check the alternator. when the car is standing still the alternator prob isnt strong enough to provide the voltage needed to keep the battery charged thats why the errors only pop up when stopped
Is the warranty void or not?
Why does Nico become French when he sees his car again 😂
Shouldn't the car know if the battery is low or wtf is wrong with it...
why wouldn't they just check the voltage on the battery??? surely that should be first port of call
The potential earth between the alternator, battery and the alternator could be the fault so it may reappear
Thanx Nico for the feedback, I am glad all is sorted out-So who is replacing the battery since Ferrari had excuses in the beginning? I am also not sure why they could not pick up the battery issue.
does Ferrari have can-bus connections?
If you've financed it, and you think you own it, try skipping a few payments. Wait four months then tell me who owns it ;)
Question marks over ferrari Monaco. They looked at the car before they said it wasn't warrantied.
What about alternator. Given new battery did help a bit it can very well be alternator giving out unstable voltage. Or not enough
IS there an alternator problem?....
Take it back to pure stock and let Ferrari fix the issues since the said they would reinstate the warranty.
Voiding the waranty  because you have another exhaust?  A 3 month old battery is broken  and no waranty?  By another brand , they need to get you a new one with all these errors  Christof from Belgium
Do you get dizzy when you are on the phone
why would a brand new ferrari battery need replacing? As you still have problems I would not be happy with this at all!!! Get back to ferrari and demand a full shake down
I don’t know why anyone would ever buy a Ferrari??
Great watch, but does anybody else feel seasick? 🤢🤮
Maybe something like the alternator killed the first battery and is now killing the second battery.
But did you check every connection every fuse every wire?
Alternator / ground issue.
What modification did he too?
Is that fag ash up the side of the door? Ffs Nico don’t smoke in your 812!😂
I find it quite astounding that your disgusting blasphemy doesn't get bleeped out but the word "fucking" does..?
what i dont understand, if everybody said its the battery, why the novitech guys check the batery first??
But did they check every wire, every fuse and every connection?
Why on earth wouldn’t you just return the car to stock, starting with the exhaust. If the errors go away and don’t return after a few weeks of removing a modification, you know what caused it. If it turns out to be the immobiliser, the dealership will need to remove it or replace it for you.
did they check every wire and every fuse and every plug? you never told us
Bro sell it, why keep going through that ?
get a antigravity h7/94r 80ah  this seems like power is not getting enough thru somewhere module/sensors and wreck havoc to canbus system and check every inch of the harnesses, some loose ground, knicked wire , loose connection
whats with all these stock images
Am i drunk or are you repeating yourself again and again and again … Jesus never Seen a video of repetitive info 😅
Nico, I'm glad it was something simple, the battery is a very temperamental piece on the Ferrari. I would like to know one thing, why did you make this whole vlog with the 812 sitting there not running with the lights on?!?!?! LOL  (tail lights anyway)
How a brand new supercar gets into  those sort of problems straight from factory? Ferarri has lost most of my credibility by now.
So there was nothing that load testing the battery would reveal?
What’s going on with your accent?! Are you Irish or American?
2 weeks to decide to change the battery..! I thought that would have been step 1. As for changing it back to stock, the cars computer would know you've changed the exhaust because of the emissions, which is probably the fault you have now.  If I changed the crown on a watch to an after market one and I couldn't then manually wind it, would the watch still be under warranty? The ability to put something back to stock doesn't validate the warranty
My guess is alternator or a frayed / short somewhere near the ECU - (or it could be a faulty ECU).  Have you downloaded all the codes when it goes awol?  Also … check the ground wire for bad contact / connection.
I’m wondering if it’s not electrical wiring’s then possibly you may have a glitch within the software of the car can you not RE flash the ECM and ECU WITH FRESH firmware
maybe can be  the alternator control unit?? its not common but can happen
What’s aftermarket on the Ferrari?
Maybe putting a lower amp hour battery in the car will make the fault worst to aid fault finding.  You could start the car with a battery booster box then remove it when running. Could be something is shorting out intermittently or a relay/inductor is producing a back EMF when switching off. Could drive the car across bumps to check it is not linked to vibration.
Have you got a ghost immobilizer fitted to the vehicle, I reckon this is causing faults with the CAN network
Hey Nico This sounds like an alternator problem maby its charging but just not enough
So Novitec didn’t fix diddly dub?
alternator, voltage regulator or intermittent bad ground.. and has ferrari reinstated your warranty, if not you should stop your payments ..
You didn't mention in the video, but did they check every wire, every fuse, and every connection?
Nico, have a auto electrician ride with you with a multi meter on the alternator, I think your issue could be as simple as a faulty relay, if the relay has an intermittent fault it could be draining the battery to give you errors, if I’m right you owe me a service on my Patek Philippe 🤣👍😊
wait you still have issues? did they check alternator? i add a similar problem at the end was the alternator fault (if battery 100% charge will run ok, but when alternator fails battery doenst recharge and you get eletrical faults like crazy and the car will shut off) you should resolve that because is dangerous you can get in a crash if your car shuts off, my died in a roundabout lost hidraulic turning assist imagine pull off in safety i got luck...
Every wire?
How is it that Ferrari in Monaco didn't test the battery in first place? - That's always the first action any tech is making when it comes to electronic issue! I'd rather search for the reason why the battery died and consider changing or upgrading the alternator for a bigger one.
I wonder if you need to spend more than £1M on Ferrari's before they cease telling customers to go f
Hold on, what did they check again?..😂
I’m wondering if you still have the original issue but jump starting the battery cooked it and sent the car mad . New battery , back to square one . Should have bought a red one
I was wondering..have you had someone check the wires ,plugs n fuses...lols..love ur channel..peace
What mods did you do to your car
Why wasn’t it installed by novitec in the first place?
I wonder if anyone actually did a PROPER diagnostic test on the battery? 🤔
itsnt the start stop system?
is it me or is this chap walking in circles just so damn annoying
What happened to your added immobilizer????
Alternator regulator possibly over charging intermittently  which then cooks the battery. Get it on live data and open her up on the M2 to see how high above 14v it goes
Was the warranty affected by the aftermarket exhaust?
It's weird that on all the insane advanced "analyzing" software that exist now it can't identify something as simple as a battery?? Reminds me of having trouble a few years ago with a Land Rover Defender, first thing I replaced was the battery, then I replaced the diesel pump in the tank, googling it and concluded that it was probably the ECU, then it was towed to the dealer that worked a full three days to diagnose it without any result, even if I TOLD them that this was my conclusion, that they did not believe as they had "plugged in the analyzer" and it did not detect that the ECU was at fault... This is why I doubt AI as I think it will get loads of things wrong.
Why tf is there a tesla parked outside novitec
I would put the car back to as it came out of the factory just to see if the car throws faults , it might give you some answers
Why did no one check the basics of a car the battery? fuse, levels in the engine, and no one bothered to check the battery, that's bad.
What did they check?….
Hello Nico! Your Mom lives here in Finland? Do you speak any finnish?
I'm unclear on what Novitech did? What did they check?
Did they check every wire , every fuse and every connection ? i would check to make sure. Glad you're back on the road and happy .
I wonder if they checked every wire, every connection and every fuse...
It's either a loose earth or the alternator is faulty❤
Was Ferrari wrong, though?
whts the alt look like
Trivia question how many times did Niko say "every wire, every connector and every plug"
What did they check again?
I’m no mechanic at all, but to me, the new issues sound alternator related. Maybe give that a try? 🤔
I think the alternator isn't charging the battery right so when it got swapped out it worked but after some time it didnt because the battery didnt charge
Id have the alternator tested
Could the battery having a parasidic drain? Which in turn could be damaging the battery? Maybe @Diagnosedan could help you
I wonder if the issue will come back with this battery after some time?
i want to hear the outcome of nicos mother, is she ok? is she gettting better? whats the outcome?
Did they check the wires tho ?
So did Ferrari refuse to fix it under warranty? My friend had similar issues with a stock exhaust … he rejected the car and the dealer refunded him
Does it have a battery management system, that might be busted or the alternator. It looks like voltage issues. Typical high strung car stuff. Upgrade the alternator maybe.
Quite a journey, literally!  Maybe worth buying a code reader to see what shows up, maybe ask mat to ask Carly ?
Ermm.. did they check the diode packs in the alternator? Diodes short sometimes and flood the electrical system with voltage spikes.. might be worth a test. Can't imagine it's good for the battery either
Maybe return the car to the stock exhaust system  to see if that makes the engine codes go away? At any rate hope your mum is ok now.
I'd investigate the alternator and any electrical grounding points.
Too broke to pay the shutterstock subscription?
Need to do some voltage monitoring as it looks like there's something not right with your electrical system.  Could be alternator realted or could be something else. Does the car have any sort of hybrid capacity, regen function etc?
What is QUID??
So is the warranty void as the car still has the Novitec exhaust? Might sound amazing but probably not worth the invalid warranty on such a specialist car.
Are you still buying DDE's cop car?
Is it a Dutch thing to repeat and repeat what you said 1/2 a second ago?
How much did they pay you for this to shut up!!?
Hey Nico,  since your car issue improved after replacing the battery, is it possible your issues could be related to your alternator???? Best wishes to you and your family.
Nico, how is your mother?
Loose ground for sure.
is the alternator charging the right volts/curent
Novitec and Brabus are top notch! Glad they resolved it all…so is the battery under warranty or did the novitec exhaust break it? Lol
Is it not possible that the alternator or voltage regulator is failing?
At first I would say that the issue came from some sensor in the exhaust as some Ferrari got a strange ghost mod a cause issue like smoke or christmas tree on the dash from late model production and as the car try to understand what happens it keep refresh it, but novitec is a well known brand nothing to prove with quality or handling issue as seen in the video, I hope belfast will find the issue, but most important family first
You sure they checked EVERY fuses, EVERY wires ? Just checking, to be sure.  Jk Nico love your videos mate !
New car new battery so what was wrong with the battery?☹️ And how’s your mum? But did they go through every wire every plug every connection do you know?😂
So it’s not the battery I’m confused
How is your mum doing? Look forward to your car channel 😊
#LoveNovitec what about a periodic Generator failure. so it cant charge the battery enough to be at the rightvolt and gives you periodic errors?
The issue is these cars are so complex when you mod them even if that doesn't cause the problem you give the brand the perfect excuse to walk away from the warranty, great car hope you get it sorted.
Good to hear your car is fixed….question; why would a dodgy battery cause all those lights to come on and stop running the car
What happened to other videos?
Wonder if you have a loose or poor earth connection or if the alternator  is throwing its tits in?!
Very perplexing what the problems are with the 812 . Hopefully that you are back home Hurst's will finally sort out her gremlins and you will finally have your dream car you always wanted without the problems that you are expierencing now. Keep the chin up lad it will be all right in the end.
Generator might be fucked?
How is your mum doing?
I’ve this Abt mclarens not sure if it works but try to start the battery before the engine and wait a few seconds before starting the engine
Just a quick question Nico...  Did they go through every wire, every fuse, every plug and every connection? Not sure you said 🤣🤣   Great journey and privileged to have been brought along! Congrats on getting the car back, here's to many adventures to come, and props to you for prioritising your family 🙌🏻 a quality we see far less nowadays!
Faulty alternator not charging the battery or maybe computer draining the battery when parked ..
alternator possibly not keeping the battery charged?
maybe something with the inverter?
Maybe he’s alternator is bad? The same shit happened with my civic and I replaced the battery and the Christmas tree kept coming back.  What’s weird was my 09 Civic was acting exactly like his 812 GTS. The issue was that turning off and on the car would make the alternator work and sometimes it wont, i just replaced the alternator and with a new battery, it was perfect again.  Now ik people will bash me for comparing a 400k car to a 4k one, but trust me a car is a car.
Hope your mothers doing better now Nico.  Why oh why Ferrari in Monaco didn't check the battery voltage first, such an easy fix!!!
Maybe it is the Novitec system after all
Test the altinator amperage, start there
Sounds like there’s a drain on the battery somewhere that’s making the ECU shit the bed… did you a third party immobiliser/ tracker fitted ?
Ask the guy who sold it to you about all the problems.. HE KNOWS  thats why he sold it..
My 996 targa did the same  while driving Christmas tree lights on the dash and wouldn't start ? ALTERNATOR REGULATOR
How's your Mum, Nico?
Ramblings of an addict?
Not sure if I missed it but did they check all the wiring, connectors and stuff?
