Revisiting this video makes me wonder if this an out of date April fools joke?
I think a very important part to think about with comedy in more serious settings are two things. One, is it balanced enough with the primary tone the show/movie is trying to set. And secondly, would it be something you would laugh at if you were involved. Like the scene with the thaddeus and the music guy and his traps. It's funny to us because we're watching it from an outside perspective. But if we were to be in that situation ourselves we wouldn't be laughing. So, I think being able to do that, while mixing the tone and funny well enough make it work.
7:28 why does that mans mustache look like Joseph stalins mustache
BoS is still too prominent, they were close as shit to being wiped out in fallout New Vegas and the NCR was on the way to being a major super power in North America, now it flip flopped.  Also why did they have to add the ghoul serum that held off ghoul feralization?  That isn't at all how it worked in the games, every ghoul was just on the way to becoming feral depending on the ghoul, or how much rads they soak up.
Is that the dead rising mall tune???
Seriously? Amazon just couldn't help themselves, could they. They had to sour it somehow.
How much did they pay you? And if you didn't get paid, then that picture is much more deplorable. 🤦‍♂
Someone please tell me where he got that suit
Really? It was good? Alrigt then.
But was it woke? That’s what I want to know
3:20 Is that Sly Cooper music in the background?
Btw is Lucy now pregnant with a raider baby?
Something about the cinematography that i havent checked, but my wife saw is that they might be using different aspect ratios for the ghoul, possibly even all the characters. Theyre shot from different angles and distances more often too, from what i remember. I might look into it cause if that is the case it may explain how the cinematography itself tells us more about each character and how they interact with the world. For instance, the ghoul seems to have a lot of close-up shots of just him, even when in dialogue with other characters, and his shots seem narrower, kinda like how westerns or other shows make a sharpshooter type character have a scene where the FOV narrows. He is a lone wanderer gunslinger, so the cinematography leans into that.
My criticism: Where liberty prime? I wanna see anti-commie mech.
I’m just wondering, but is the ncr sniper from new Vegas in the show?
I just dont understand how Ghoul struggled with Mximus and at the end he faced 3 T 60s
Is that a Dead Rising 2 shopping mall music I hear in 10:33 !?
Can these people make the halo show
Are they making another season ?
I really liked the show, loads of great things to praise… But am I the only one that didn’t like Maximus? He acts so strangely at times, I found myself wondering if he was secretly a synth because of how odd he is……. 👀👀👀👀
Just one question: where is Shady Sands? Fallout 1 & 2 have it hundreds of miles north of the Boneyard (LA). The show seems to show that the Shady Sands that was nuked was in Los Angeles itself or somewhere nearby. Was Shady Sands moved from its original location between Fallout 2 and the show? Or is this a straight retcon?
Any chance you'll do a fallout tv show hot takes?
I’ll be as spoiler free with this as possible:  There’s a certain point in Season 1 where the audience meets a “younger” version of a character and the CGI is…questionable at best. I’m amazed bc the rest of the show’s SFX were fairly good, but this scene made me say aloud, “oh…ohhhh…ehhhh 🫣”
The show was very entertaining and fun to watch but it has soooo many inconsistencies with the lore, that it's kinda hard to ignore, especially seeing, that I'm a pretty big Fallout nerd and seeing as the show has been declared cannon. I think I'd rather have a worse show, than a good show potentially messing with the quality of the lore in future games and/or even retconning events (or non-events) in previous games. I think this dilemma would've been honestly solved by not making the show take place in California but some place, that was never explored in Fallout. The downfall and destruction of Shady Sands for example is a huge problem for me. In the show it took place before the events of New Vegas, yet in New Vegas, no one even mentions the complete destruction of the NCR's capital. The NCR is still going strong, expanding and fighting multiple wars on multiple fronts, while in the show, the NCR seems to have almost completely vanished in California, which does not make much sense, when looking at Fallout New Vegas. Another example is the Master. He was based in a test vault near the L.A. Boneyard and he sent his Super Mutant troops all over California, in search for "prime normals", as they so lovingly put it. Infecting normal Wastelanders, who had to endure high amounts of radiation, resulted in the big dumb Super Mutants we know and love but infecting people with the FEV, who were not radioactive (prime normals), would result in highly intelligent Super Mutants, who could even develop psychic powers and to achieve that, the Master raided Vaults in California, to kidnap in infect the inhabitants, so they could serve as higher ranking members of his army. I just don't see a possibility, in which vaults 31, 32, 33 and 4 (especially seeing as Vault 4 let in people from the Wastes) could've survived the Master, as they're all on the surface and easy to find and access. The Master went after every single prime normal, he could get his hands on, there's just now way, that these Vaults could have survived. These are just two examples because listing every single one, would honestly take me a while. I can understand people hating this show because the lore is not taken very seriously (just look at what they did to the Brotherhood, they're suddenly actual medieval larpers lol). I have a buddy, who works in the industry and he says, that no one takes the lore seriously at these video game productions, which could explain as to why they often suck. No one cares for the lore but the fans and they want to make money with show, so they take "creative liberties" with the property, to widen mass appeal, which usually pisses off the fans.  The show is entertaining in my opinion, I quite liked it but only because I actively chose to suspend my disbelief, just like you did. Sometimes I had to shake my head in disappointment because they just casually and probably unintentionally retconned something but what can you do? I just tried taking it for what it is and not think about the established lore too much. This is a brain off show. However, fans shouldn't have to actively turn off their brains to enjoy a show and I can understand, if people don't want to do that and hate the show as a consequence. I would hate it too. Ultimately, we'll have to see how it continues. Show's not over yet and maybe they'll make it make sense somehow, even though I doubt it. We'll just have to see how it affects future games or even past games, if things go really bad (for example declaring past games as not canon because of the discrepancies would be the worst possible outcome, even though I am 99% sure, that they'd never do that). Even though I quite enjoyed watching it, I'm still undecided as to what to think of it. It's an entertaining piece of media for sure but if it will be worth it, remains to be seen, at least for me
Curious about your thoughts of Mauler's video on this show. He's made a video recently and it seems he's quite upset. Lol
I wonder why NO ONE, no fans or reviewers didn't get the main easter egg in the show, which is Chet. Do you, even after I pointed it out? Or should I make my own video about it?
How the fuck did Maximus survive a nuke in a fridge with a vent ?
Are we finally learning?
please tell me youre joking?
JUST A QUESTION. WHAT DLC'S WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE. AS FOR ME MOTHER SHIP ZETA.
Isn’t Fallout 4 the only Fallout game to show what everything was like before the Bombs?
Isnt the fallout story line (for the show) a bit sketch? Cuz it means that the games means jack. Mind you its a great show still feels conflicted about it.  The factions feel odd and no enclave that mean no power armor from them.😢
Unbelievably good? Serviceable at best but still a lot things that were off and too convenient for the sake of the story/
Slow mo for  VATS?  Anyways this show was awesome
I never knew what fallout was until I watched ur reviews about the game's, and I got to episode 5 I rlly wanna play it, a question though which fallout games should I play first?
What's with that Cote
Are you gonna make anymore more merch or is there some out there and im just dumb and cant find it
Why did they have to change ghouls to make it so they need a serum to survive though?
I wonder how Master missed Vault 33 since its not hidden and in LA...
Are we going to ignore the massive plot (more like lore) holes, the inconsistent actions/motivations of vault-tek?
i know you probably wont but could you rate far cry 5 one day?
is he glazing
Can't verify to the discord, idk why the number is verified but the password isn't and it's the same everytime, not like I'm putting it in wrong when I copy and paste, sorry act bro
i have only one nitpick with the show, its when the ghoul is struggling against max in power armor but then later in the show we can see him kill 3 dudes in power armor is there a reason for it or just plot convenience?
this show really makes you go "what in the goofy goober did i just watch" in a good way
Why is marathon so awesome when john act man?
Am I out of touch or is the mass consensus right that the fallout show is actually the best show & not a shallow cringefest devoid of logical writing and acting?
When are we getting a Skyrim review 🙂
Is it “adaptions” or “adaptations”…?
i think moldaver had a laser pistol in the last ep but she's not shown using it
so is it good or is it "starfield" good?
I'm glad that the games are getting much deserved attention, but are we really gonna pretend the show isn't retarded asf?
Where is our red dead videos?
Am I living in a parody or something?
How much is Amazon paying you?
Do you guys think Cukman will bend over over the GW going woke ?
Goldeneye theme playing softly in the background?
how many shekels did you get from bethesda
The Deadrising music in the background has me a lil distracted and idk why
Should I watch the show or play the games first?
Seems like it retcons a lot tho? I know Bethesda stopped caring about lore since fallout 4 but I think that’s the issue, amazon and Bethesda don’t seem to care about fallout lore. It’s not a big deal, but what is fallout if not the world/lore that was built around it?
Wonder if act men will review Sker Ritual
Do you think Todd Howard hates obsidian.
Why couldn’t Amazon have gotten a capable team for Rings of Power :(  And if only the Halo Show had had this much effort put into it…. :(((
Is there a good video out there on how to mod new vegas, never played it myself and i only watched my dad play it. Now i wish to play it, bit the radscroipions freak me out. Which video is a good one to follow on how to mod it?
Where’s the red dead video pookie
When will you even review fallout 4?
someone please just tell me the show is not Woke ... and then I will watch it.
9:52 why do i have tinnitus
Why was the sound of the gohl’s pistal so satisfying 🔥🤌
I actually have a question. Will the wanderer or courier ever make an appearance ? Because at the end of the first season we head to new Vegas, so is the courier gonna be in there ? Or the wanderer ?? Please 🙏
Why is this video age restricted smh
Who else sang along to the songs? Me i did
You do realize that radiation has no sound...right?  So the sound effect for radiation might be for a meter that may have a sound warning.  Just saying.  Lol
You do realize that radiation has no sound...right?  So the sound effect for radiation might be for a meter that may have a sound warning.  Just saying.  Lol
They show a guard at the enclave with a laser rifle I think I’m not sure.
If only halo got the same treatment
Did anyone else question why lucy didn't react to getting her finger sliced off...?
Why is this age restricted lol
Please tell me he played the Last of Us game before the TV show. Who am I kidding he didn't do either.
Did anyone else notice that BGS is credited with the production crews? I think they made the end credit scenes :0
Ok can someone tell me what "Essence of Fallout" really means to you, when you say that?
Lmfao didnt this loser clearly get paid to lie positively about another Amazon developed project? An MMO or some nerd shit
Anybody else feel like The Ghoul had the “Bloody Mess” perk?? Some of his shots would be regular wounds, then randomly they’d explode someone’s arm completely off.  It’s probably due to different rounds, but man I like the former a lot more
Thought the show was good, Only lingering question I have is every Character that is over 200Yrs old is explained except the character Maldiver (not sure about spelling) other then that Im not sure what lore people are mad about In New Vegas they show the decline of the NCR how they are stretched too thin... If its Shady Sands that people are upset about well it had a bigger more realized city and then Nuked... so I am wondering what lore it is not consistent with?  I played 3, New Vegas, and 4 and all the DLC Packs and thought the lore still fits in the Universe... but I may be wrong, I did not play 1or 2. glad to see the ghouls need to eat and drink as the one mission where you have the kid in the Refrigerator for 200 years reunite with his family was kinda dumb...lol Thought the show had some better missions and overall was pleased.  Just how is Maldiver alive? they need to explain that.
Any gentle soul could tell me what song is playing in the conclusion section? 🙂
The guy who shot me in the head wore a suit just like that, Actman....hmmmmmmmm
Anybody else been listening to all the music they use for the show and games this week?
Ok, unbelievably good? That's a bit of a stretch. It's decent, like a 7/10. It's not ruined by too much of woke shit, but maybe that's why u think its that good, cause everything else is. Its a fairly good adaptation of source material, with likable cast, but it doesn't blow me out of the water.
I've only consumed snippets of fallout content over my years of being a gamer(mostly memes and funny bugs) and the show truly got me invested in dedicating to it, so im now sure what game to try first, i have new vegas and 3 in my epic library just from free epic gifts, so, what whould i try first? and what do i need in order to enjoy them? I've heard they crash even before you open the games lmao
But is it as good as payday 3?
What was the experiment in the Fallout 3 vault?
Idk how New Vegas fans are saying this is a retcon when Mr. House himself shows up there
Have they incorporated VATS at all into show? I just thought about it and haven't noticed.
I still want to know how Betty got vault 32 all cleaned up like nothing happened… like hooooow and who cleaned that allllll up?
Is this show still canon if Shady Sands is (or was) in a completely different spot on the map? I really liked the show, but I really wish it wasn't canon, as it creates a lot of issues with Fallout 1 & 2.
Can we get a modded New Vegas Playthrough?
How much did Bethesda pay you to lie for 15 minutes +?
so.... how many gays and trans?
2:07 27 years of lore to ruin you mean?
Anyone noticed that Norm has the perk small frame?
so.... when Elder Scrolls show?
Red dead redemption two video?
Does it get better after episode 2? I just find it super mid so far, and that's as a fan of Fallout :(
Is no one going to acknowledge that Norm is Rico?
Can you imagine if Master Johnny Cheeks McSpace Ring was created with this level of talent, creativity and devotion to source material?
Am I the only one who gets obnoxiously loud audio levels when he switches to some certain clips? Or is that intentional?
should i play the games first or watch the show first?
how am I the only one that is beyond pissed with the last episode?
Why was Mortal Kombat (2011) so awesome?
How’s The Shill Man doing these days?
Performing Male, since you're replaying New Vegas, any chance we can get a "Revisiting New Vegas in 2024" video? Ave, True to Act Man.
I don’t think I’ve asked more what’s than today.
If anyone is wondering what the song in the background is, it’s Dead Rising 2 Fortunes Embers.
Who’s ready for the next gen update?
When fAllout Man in HD?
Anybody else notice that the code for the cold fusion is the fallout 1 release date??
By robot you mean synth, right?
Anyone know what I need to do so fallout 3 doesn't crash when I choose new game on steam. Windows 11
Eeehhh.... I don't know man,I'm still questioning my sub don't make me yank it,I'll do it.
Was Pearlman in FO4?
Who is going to tell actman that his favorite fallout game was shat on and made meaningless by this show?
Which mod pack (or just favorites of yours) are you using for New Vegas?
Is that Dead Rising ambience music? I swear that sounds so familiar
Speaking of fallout will there ever be a video covering the DLC of NV? First one on the base game was pretty good
So is the NCR and legion still kicking? Didn’t see any legion or mention but NCR rangers seem like they have less to do with how they were portrayed
God the act ćuck is so lame. Why did I get recommended this trash? I don't like servile wokes.
You think if i kidnapped Opprnheimer in the dead of night and show him Fallout, would he just blow up?
Didn’t you defend a scammer? Did you retract that or are you still pro scammer?
Hey so, I have Fallout 1,2,3 and New Vegas because of the epic free games so which do y’all recommend me to start with? I know 3 and New Vegas are pretty good so I’m mostly between those 2. The show made me very interested in Fallout but I haven’t had the time to play a big rpg until now
I wonder if Bioshock could be made into a show. This gives me hope.
My question is, WHERE IS THE NCR TROOPER?
6:39 What episode is this 😂 😂 😂
Are you following Viva New Vegas? I just recently wanted to hop back into the game and following that mod guide was very helpful! Feels like a whole new experience, and is 100% the most stable I've ever seen that game lmao
Be honest, how many takes did it take for you to catch the coin perfectly?
Why did Lucy shoot her ghoul mom?
so ive never played new vegas on pc, which mods should i use first or should i play vanilla again since its been a very long time
ok why do people keep saying that marvel does that he is right behind me joke out of all the moves i have seen it was done in only 1 movie
Anyone else notice the N64 Golden Eye music in the background?
Jonathan Nolan is Christopher Nolan’s brother? I would never guess that since Jonathan has an American accent.
My favorite character? Hmmmm…
Bro did you see one of the credits which has a man looking alike The Act Man on a popcorn bowl?
Lady luck?? 😂 I only work for one Irish man. 😎👍
- Why doesn't the BoS utilize any other suit beyond the T60? This is also a gripe with their depiction in FO4. They should employ a mixture of T51, T45, T60 and Enclave APA.
- Why doesn't the faction famous for their energy weapons use any?
- When did Shady Sands stop being 'the first capital of the NCR'? The sign was clearly made when there was still a city there. It was still the capital in FNV (2281) and Todd Howard has stated the city was nuked shortly after FNV.
- Where did Lucy's father get the nuke from? How did he blow up the city? Whenever pre-war nuclear weapons were brough up in the games they were a big deal.
- Why aren't there any signs of the NCR's existence in Southern California outside of the Shady Sands crater? Without it there is no evidence of a country existing there for 100 years.
- Why was Shady Sands moved hundreds of miles to be in the LA area?
Did you catch the Easter egg with the password for the quantum energy, its the date to the first fallout
I've only played the Fallout mobile game on Steam. Does it count?
The big issue with fallout is there not 13 seasons
What do you think resident evil land on heads or land on tails?
The only thing I really questioned was how Dane would’ve had access to cross sex hormones 200 years after the bombs dropped
New vegas dlc review incoming?
Show was great but am I the only one who hated Maximus? And some of the lines just so random and made literally no sense
Haven’t played any of the games but all the hype around the show is getting me really interested. Which game should I play/start with?
I'm a little confused, if Ron Perlman has been in ever fallout why didn't they get him for the show? Did he turn it down?  Show is 10/10 regardless
Lucy, an actually good female character in 2024?
Has Season 2 started yet? Hell, is the first season even OVER yet? I can't help but feel like people REALLY need to not get their hopes up too high too early. Remember what happened with the Halo TV series?
was that a helldivers reference?
Wheres that Halo Season 2 video my guy?
Will you stream the new Vegas play through?
day 1 of asking for the stalker franchise reviews
I think the biggest question  on everyones mind is: Whats your modlist for new vegas?
is this coping?
What are (in your opinion) the souls borne series ranked worst to best? (That being demon souls, dark souls 1 , 2, and 3, blood borne, Sekiro and Elden ring
Why did you put Witcher as a bad video game adaptation ? It is a bad book adaption, the show is not based on the games.
Did anyone else think Thaddeus sounded like Charlie Day?
Isn't the actor from the radio station the "scusi" Italian gay character from the comedy EURO TRIP?
Where's the NCR Trooper who demanded the Fallout: New Vegas Act Man video? That boy is gonna want him to do reviews for each episode at this rate lol
Drake....where is shady sands?
Okay, I'm confused, is the show good or bad, cause one YouTuber says it's good, then another says it's bad, can someone please help me and tell me if it's good.
Idk those cores last forever that doesn't follow game lore
can you please do one of halo s2? I know you'll probably demolish it but I think it's getting way more hate than it shuold and hopefully having a real critical video of that cuold lead to some (helathy?) discussion. I for once really enjoyed and think is way more enjoable than before and worth whatching, still I don't regard every halo game as the pinnacle of story and lore (and gameplay). (looking at 4 and 5)
I just need to know if ill see a deathclaw edit: actually dont tell me
Does this Trolley go to Tahiti?
Does anybody know if the Elvis cult or “gang” is in the show? That would be funny to add
pls mr act man will you bless us with a new vegas dlc video? i will never stop asking, distant relative to ncr-trooper.
Love your content Actman, was wondering if you working on assassins creed rise and fall or Age of Mythology was awesome. Also your helldivers content was amazing
Creetosis where ya at? 👀
I bought fallout 4 a few months ago and only played like and hour, should I re-give it a try?
You telling me Jimmy Rings showed his face in episode 1 and it didn't just CAPTIVATE AUDIENCES???   *GASPS IN CEO*
GOOD?! You mean…AWESOME?!
Errmm what the beta?
Hi actman I need a good pc editing software for YouTube can you help me
