Looking forward to this new series. Can't wait. It looks like the doctor will be back with a major role. However, I have questions.  Will that be the doctor that arrived with Voyager when they got back home or the copy that was left behind in the episode "Living Witness" who decided to follow the Voyager crew back home after he was able to straighten out the crews history. I would love to find out what happened to that doctor.
Didn't Picardo go off the rails and come down with the political sickness and even celebrating Charlie Kirks death?
Does this happen before or after the Voyager story Living Witness? Is this OG Doctor, or the Vaskan/Kyrian backup copy? Will the two copes meet? Will they resolve the inevitable existential crisis?  Also, more seriously, has NOTHING changes in the time between the TNG era and this time period? Look at how pretty much everything on this planet has changed since the 11th century. In this series, we appear to have species interbreeding in some form, and some superficial advances in technology, yet languages, lettering, clothes, even the education system, seem to have not shifted much from how 20th century Western Earth does things. This looks very Post Voyager, but only 10 or 15 years on. Not the time gap we’re expected to accept.
So how much were you promised to promote this crap?
I do wonder if the War College was the structured learning they had during the Burn, when they couldn't operate a full Academy, so the war college was where officers were trained.
More DEI Star Trek trash?  Are they really spending money on this?
Why would a Klingon mate with a gem harder?
Transporter haircuts? If the transporter can cut my hair when I beam up, what OTHER parts of my body might it decide to "trim" or do other things to?
makes you wonder why Starfleet doesn’t have a number of Betazeds as ship captains given their telepath and empath abilities
How is the Doctor a thousand years old, when he was started after the time of Pike, and Discovery went 900+ years into the future, not 1000+
How confusing will this show be for people who did not watch Discovery or Picard?    Sandro Rosta & Karim Diane will provide some nice eyecandy.
Jesus dude, did they pay you for this? Looks like garbage to me. Calm down
With the Klingon ships, and this being Academy; wondering if that battle will be another on-screen version of the Kobayashi Maru.
Friendly suggestion that the frame shots could be in the large window and Sean in the small one? & I'm watching on a TV.
Wondering how they will explain a hologram aging. Maybe his protons are degrading and he (The Doctor) decided to just go with the flow and not do any "upgrading".
Is Nahla the captain's first name or last?
I saw leak footage of the first episode and the Doctor has a number designation, not a name. So that begs the question, is this really the Voyager doctor? Or one of his comrades?
Sorry I really want to like the news stuff, but WHY are most of the shots so brown? Why must they drown it all in this unpleasant, muddy color palette in grading?...
The captain is Tatiana’s sister?
"frame by frame" Are you trying to make it more painful than it already is?
4:13 excuse me whut?
I'll reserve judgement until January.
Is that the megazorde on the desk
Is that a Night Lords book in the background?
The more I see, the more I think its going to be hard to get into this. The casting of the cadets is largely where I have the issue.   Its going to be like having a series with no POV characters imho.
Why do holograms age?
How can a person be half Jem Hadar ? They don’t reproduce
