How to not get jumpscared? Just have a noise gate on your headphones; if there are no sudden sounds, the chance of you getting jumpscared are near zero.
Did Charlie just hit puberty
Where's the second one tho
3:16 Where's the foot?!
How many games actually startled Charles?
What's name of this game?
Cracks in the foundation
Did Gladys in the ceiling jump scare you in ‘weapons’?
which part did he startle? game is so trash couldn't bring myself to watch the whole thing
I wonder if it's because playing solo vs hanging out with chat while playing?
Charlie, please show us on the doll where the jumpscare penetrated you.
Has he tried Alien Isolation?
I feel like if Charlie could actually use real headphones for once, I may immerse him a little more.  Can't be that scary only hearing half the audio out of a broken pair of 10 y.o. earbuds
yo Charly what earphones do you use?
Does Greece know about this?
is this a recession indicator?
WHERE?? WHERE IS THE JUMP SCARE?!! >:(
Did something just touch me lmao
Wait 31 this dude is ten years older than me lol
Or, or the  jump scares are being calibrated over time and becoming more potent with every iteration?! Trust nothing gentlemen.
Does this mean that Charlie has also become vulnerable to the paranormal?
Slightly on/off topic, but when IS your next "paranormal investigation"? They were incredibly entertaining even if you found it lame
have you tried putting your headphones to normal?
Is Charlie becoming...human?
this building is haunted? thats just how most buildings look in china. i see nothing wrong
0:58  why does that guy in the door look alot like Charlie if he was older
Where is the part when he gets jumpscared
"that sounds like perverts", Epstein is that you!?!?
how come these games never have death animations, its always putting a face on your screen when you die
I wonder if I am right, you are less scared when you are physically strong, you will be more scared when getting old, I wonder how scared a women feels
I need feedback on my pesticide application.
Getting a bit up there, huh Mr white?
you should replay some older horror games to see if its the new games that are scary, or its you that started getting jumpscared
whats going on homie ya getting more stressed? I used to get jumpscared by things not as much anymore. except in multiplayer games that arent meant to be scary hahhahah. that mf sneaking up to you in siege is terrifying
My guess is that your getting jump scared more frequently because you don't have a live audience??
how do jumpscares still work on people?
Oh god, he's already started questioning his immortality. He discovered fear
Can we get predator concrete jungle?
I don’t get it. So it’s the weak jump scares that no one flinches at that gets him?? That’s crazy
but is the game really that good, or is he just scoring it higher in his mind because hes not immune to jumpscares anymore?
are you going to talk about the alien mother ship that everyone is talking about?
What’s next? You’re no longer afraid of Cockroaches?
why is everything fucking italic?
Are jump scares really scary or are they just startling? Something that is truly scary leaves a lasting impression. It gives you nightmares. Jump scares get you for a moment but then it passes. And with movies or games that rely heavily on jump scares, you get numb to it after a while.
What game is this? The animations look great
Video about Roblox Louisiana lawsuit when?
What if you are getting startled because you're playing games offline, for example what if because you play games on stream you subconsciously think your chat is there and you lose the "fear" factor from a game but since youre playing off stream you finally think youre alone playing the horror games so you are more susceptible to scares in the game but thats just me guessing lol
yo whats good guys welcome back to another paranormal video follow me into this mansion alright so ima set up this camera here and do a little timelapse while i take a nap let me know if anything happens
Is moist critical in a relationship?
Did he play Roblox again or something?
Where is Charlie and what did you do with him??
Can you play Deep Rock Galatic?
Could it be that streaming makes you less scared?
Does hitting 30 year old enabled your feelings and humanity???,
Is there multiple endings? I swear I didn't get to do half that stuff 😂 damn should replay
Getting soft in your old age?
why is 6 afraid of 7? 6 isn't afraid of 7. not after realizing what 31 does.
What if your limbic system was just so laggy that by the time your brain registered the scare, your body figured it's been there the whole time 🤔
i wonder which new feeling Charlie will unlock at 32
I thought he really got startle by a ghost or smth, not a random sound
idk whats the deal with 30 year olds saying they feel old...30yo is PEAK age of male performance...yall are tweaking.
whaddya call reverse desensitization
gng the video's been out like 10 minutes how do we have over 300 comments
The moist man get compuzzled at 4:48
Who else is hiding in the comment section right now? Lol
Moist critical horror game when?
Huh... where are the bots?
31 yo interesting number? theres 31 days in October 0_0 the spooky season!! and now hes being spooked 0-0
Will you make more plague seeker comics?
Never puts name in video title,why?
Are you losing your touch 😭
Would you play Fears to fathom?
He’s 31 years old and he is now suddenly scared of jump scares. He is now questioning his own reality.
No views 1 min? Bro fell off.
Day 587 of asking charlie to play DARKWOOD
