When pokemon legends za releases, will you do a playthrough of it on mandjtvplays....but youre team night sky? Just wondering
I have one question:HOW DO YOU GET SHINIES IN THE GAME
5:11 why Resident evil?
Is it weird that I pronounce Lumiose City French, like loo-mwaa?
Is there gonna be ranked games too?? Promotion match might be leading to ranked games like online games
I feel like tepig and totodile have weird colours. Isn’t totodile’s spikes more reddish and tepig more orange?
Am i the only one who is thinking if this is Urban Redevelopment plan, then why isn't Geosenge Town included To be honest, i was disappointed from the moment they announced that the game will take place only in Lumiose, they had a great lore of kalos to explore but just didn't care  The houses are giving Europe in 1400s vibes I think the next legends starters are Serperior, Incineroar and Primarina, they are trying to complete the 3 trios (Johto, Unova and Alola Starters)
Out of so many starters they choose chikorita and tepig?
Are we ever gonna get an analysis for Legends:ZA
Counselor Mikey do you think we will see what your day campers have been up do since you left them? Do you have any hope that they have embraced the skyway?
Any guesses for how long it takes patrat and watchog to annoy Mikey?
maybe we can finally get 60 fps in champions
Are we going to talk about how some of the HUD locations look like they’re from Palworld? 😂😂 no? Okay lol
i just now noticed this… the room at 7:08 is the looker bureau. is emma returning?
I wonder if Mikey will make a trailer analysis video, or theory of what Kalosiun Meganium Emboar and Feraligatr will be, or new megas he wats to see
Why are you impressed by pokemon champions? It didn't show anything of interest. But pokemon z-a looks amazing
Can you give me your phone number? I am one of your subscribers.
I really hope we don't get confined to just the city.  It bugs me that pokemon scaling is ridiculously out of whack. The courtyard battle between Onix and  the lion who's name escapes me is so weirdly off. Why is Onix just barely bigger than your character when they're surronded by buildings? It looks so weird and a bit uncanny to me.
Complaints why did they choose the pig what is onix tiny
Am I the only one who heard I got the started right not completely wrong
But AZ's Floette still won't be obtainable...  I wonder whether spread moves will become more valuable.
5:57 Wait... So you can catch fainted wild Pokemon?
Bro how did you not notice the Pokémon getting to no HP and you still able to catch them
I don’t know why they chose both of the other Johto starters for Pokémon Legends Z-A I mean I get that Tepig replaced Cyndaquil because Cyndaquil was one of the Legends Arceus starters but why couldn’t they choose a different starter from a different generation to replace one of the other 2 Johto starters
I heard a rumor of a new eeveeloution. Don’t know if it’s true so we’ll have to wait and see.
"Chikorita, Totodile and... Tepig? What happened to Cyndoquil?"  *Typhlosion Leak flashback*  "...ah, right."
Am I the only one who noticed that Chikorita knows Disarming Voice!? We’re finally getting our Grass/Fairy Meganium
The kalos starters weren't there in the trailar, could this potentially mean something or am I just overthinking?🤔
7:32 wait are they going to have a championship like in Pokemon journeys anime series  Like the ranking system and other things  They didn't even show gym leaders sooo.....
I wonder why Nintendo didn't make a water-type Piplup starter ? After all, its third evolution Empoleon seems more logical.
Is the promotion announcement battle tower?
Is it just me or does the male protagonist look like a young professor sycamore
Did nobody else see how futuristic the 1st trailer was and be like dang this isn't the past?
They got 2 Johto starters for this game... Why?
Honestly I wonder how many “years” have passed in game universe since the end of x and y
They kicked out typhlosion from za,cuz of the pokemon leaks and legends arceus? Typhlosion is no longer in future pokemon games?
Something I've just realized:  You have to "aim" and time attack moves now... So.... Does this mean not a single move has a 100% accuracy? 😂
Wait, what if there's a Paldea DLC for Legends Z-A???
Did they just kill Pokemon Showdown?
I wonder if the wild zones will move around the map?
I'm confused. If you don't have home, are you still legible to play champions?
Is it just me or the art style looks more like sword and shield?
Something I wonder about is how you do that dodge mechanic, does your movements affect the movements of your Pokémon, or do you use a separate joystick to move your Pokémon around (I would prefer the latter). Overall really cool
Am I the only one who thought the new battle mechanic was similar to Pokken?
Are locked into Lumiose City? They never showed anything in regards to the rest of Kalos.
I wonder what the friend character, Urbain and Taunie, are?
Are they simply an another character (like Blue, Wally, Hugh) or the protagonist that you didn't choose (like Brendan/May, Calem/Serena situation)?
I'm sure it doesn't mean anything, but doesn't anyone notice the "Champions" Title looks like machamps belt?
Question does the 0 hp you can catch the pokemon works on the pokemon who used explosion?🧐 Also Finaly!!! As one of the chikorita fans we finaly get JUSTICE Also the mc we got kinda look similar to proffesor sycamore😮
Is Az the hotel manager looking similiar to that machine weapon guy in pokemon xy game
Why are two of the starters from the same gen 😢😅
At 7:07 isn't that Lookers office from the X/Y post game?
Could it be that we are gonna get 2 sets of starters like in cut? The first, Chikorita, Tepig and totadile which will get regional evolutions and the hoenn starters which will be able to mega evolve?
Wait a minute, Z-A is in France.  Is AZ just Victor Wembanyama?
Wait, could the end part be team flare?
Why does this keep happening? This now makes 8/11 games where the Grass starter is the best one. This is very unbalanced as I'm sure you can see. Grass isn't a very good type with 5 types it's weak to and 7 types that resist it, but Game Freak has consistently pumped out good designs for the Grass starter. It doesn't get the clean sweep because of the 3 games where the Fire starter is better with one game having both the Fire and Water starters being better, but that doesn't make any of these 3 bad. Other members of their starter trio are just better. All the Grass starters are better than some of the Fire and Water starters but not all of them. This is not a good thing. The Water starter is never the best starter because of this horrible imbalance. Hopefully this is corrected in future games.
Here is the question why is there 2 Johto starters?
Why am i feeling like when mikey adds this game to the team sky lore, that tis time period is because of team night sky?
So if Chikorita gets a Mega, what do they call it? XD Ultra-Ganium? Uber-Ganium? Ultra-Ganium?   Super-Mega-Ultra-Fantasticganium?
For thos wondering. Z-A has to be in either the present or near future as AZ is shown with his floette
But how is the new system of dodging gonna effect pvp battles..
Is this is a Pokémon, but the anime has a game
Why would they change the Starters? And why switch them BOTH out for 2 from Gen 2?
The phone at the end has 3 cameras in galar they have 1 and paldea 2 maybe it is a itsy bitsy gen 10 teaser?
Terra, Mega and Hisuian forms!? What about Alohan and other regions! Z Moves!? if they are gonna pack EVERYTHING into this, this is gonna be WILD!
I don't understand why they had two Gen 2 Pokémon in this game.
So we can get our Pokemon to dodge as if we're pulling the on a leash? Dang it Nintendo, you were so close to making the game I've been waiting for since Stadium. Here's hoping they make it more than just slight repositioning. Until then, I guess I can always go back to PokePark...
Can we talk about looker’s office??!!
Who’s ready for a team sky play through? 👇
Why are thwre 2 jhoto starters though😭
I'm baffled by the starter choices. Why they chose chikorita and totodile from gen 2 yet kept tepig from gen 5.
Does everyone ignore that the hp can go on zero now to capture Pokemon?
Pokemon Champions will answer which is better megas, z-moves, dynamaxing, or tetra.
Sorry, is it a real-time battler???
so is the legends series just open world games instead of going back in time? idrc i still dig it either way
6:29 Why is that Onix so small?
So the question becomes: Do we get Z-Moves and Dynamax too? I would think we at least get Dynamax, considering SwSh are still on the Switch.
IS CHAMPIONS LIKE A SEQUEL OF COLOSSEUM??
How did you predict the concept of Champions within seconds while Wolfie took most of the trailer to connect the dots lmao  God I'm so hyped for this. Legit the only thing I wanted from this direct, and I got it, finally, accessible PVP.
Did anyone else notice that the Flaafy’s hp bar was empty when the ball was thrown? Does this mean knocking out wild pokemon doesn’t stop us from catching them?!
7:07 is that not lookers office?
Was that gigantimax?
Does it mean we can potentially have a no hit run?
bro wheres my dragonite reginal or mega :(
how di you not react to eternal Floette ? it's the first time we officially see them !
Bro why did we get two gen 2 starters and totodile is the only starter I like here
Wait can you not fail a shiny now?????
I'm not sure whether or not I'll enjoy the new battle style. I prefer more strategy based games so I'm not sure how much I'll enjoy a more boss battle type thing
What are the odds Michael goes full Team Sky in the initial ZA playthrough when he realizes the player's clothes are green and black? 1 to 1?
Random thought but if: Legends Arceus had Cyndaquil  Rowlet Oshawott  Legends Z-A has Chikorita Totodile Tepig  Then if the next legends had Snivy Litten Popplio  Then all 3 gens starter trios will have been used in a legends game
So they copied the battle style from Palworld?
7:06 Ain't no way that's Looker's office??!!! Is Looker gonna be in this game?! WHY & HOW?!
Is it for the Nintendo switch 2 or the normal switch? Because I don’t think I want to buy a second switch just to play the new Pokemon game…. Possibly
I am curious about how ZA will be, but I've felt quite iffy about it since learning that it is only around Lumiose city 🤔 Legends Arceus felt like there would be a lot to explore so I just wonder how they're going to build a good plot and story when it is only supposedly taking place in one city
Anyone else kinda want a different grass starter? A chikarita is cool but we have one gen 4 mon and 2 gen twos
I'm sorry, was Mikey referencing Young Justice at the end, there?
Wait, two johto starters and one unova starter? Odd.
is it just me or did they go back to using the gen 8 models. the textures on the pokemon and everyone's hair look more like they did in sword and shield
So is the assumption that the promotional match at the end implies that the Prism Tower is a Battle Tower this time around instead of just a gym?
Is no one else confused as to why they have 2 gen 2 starters and 1 gen5?
Truly my favorite question to ask while watching a Pokemon trailer: "Where are the Pokemon?"
I don’t think I’ve seen anybody react in this way, but did anybody else notice the mega sableye during the gigantic mega evolutions reveal during the proper trailer? I wasn’t out during Pokémon X/Y, so this is a new mega form to the callous region, technically.
Why use 2 starters from the same gen?
Is it me or megas have a timer?! if so i'm gonna be so annoyed
God A Z look visually terrible. What’s up with the pokemon scaling too? That Onix was a baby. 😂 guess you can’t make them to scale when you force a new game mechanic
AZ has a cane now!? But I'm glad his Floette stuck by his side after X and Y.
Is that Floette not new because this is the first time I've seen it?
Did no one notice that they hinted at changing the way you capture pokemon by lowering their hp? It seems now that you get them knocked out first
is it just me or does it seem a bit weird that they picked two johto starters for legends z-a?
Where are my monkeys
I’m wondering what’s up with having the other two Johto Starters in the same game while Cindaquil got to be on it’s own in Arcoos, but we’ll see how things turn out.
Why are their to johto starters?
So the whole game is just in a city?
Why would they choose 2 starters from the same region
Does this mean eternal flowette will finally be available
I’m curious about the promotion battle at the end. It makes me wonder if a small release will come in late summer, where people can download and play a prelude to ZA and give us an opportunity/sneak peek at the battle function and potentially a promotional gift that can be transferred when the game fully releases 🤞🏼
Did nobody notice Patrat in the video, when they showed footage from Z-A? Watchhog and Patrat are finally in a Switch title, Furfrou as well. Which got me wondering: Are the Elemental Monkeys making a comeback as well?
5:56 Why hasn't anyone spoken about how Chikorita makes Flaafy faint, and instead of dying, it gets dazed so you can catch it without danger? Because that essentially makes false swipe useless if that's what's going on. Unless it's a "throw it before it disappears" type thing. Either way, it doesn't seem like you should be as worried about KO-ing a pokemon.
I wonder who thought it was a good idea to legalize parkour for kids in Lumiose City.
1:03 I wonder if dynamax and z moves will be in there aswell
Really? Really? They just gonna cock tease people who want a classics collection by starting the video with the music from red and blue then showing people playing every generation from game boy to DS just to be like psych it’s Pokémon stadium. W..we…. mean champions. A Pokémon, classic collection had better be one of the launch titles for the switch 2.
Tera, AND Mega? In the SAME GAME?! Imagine if they put in Dynamax and Z moves! The strats would go crazy.
Please tell me there no more stupid missions
7:07 IS THAT THE LOOKER BUREAU???
Why they make onyx so small xD
My only question is why we have the exact same hairstyle as the rival, just with f e d o r a
Would the starters have Megas or new religonal?Would the OG starters get megas and would Ash greninja come back?So many unanswered questions.
Wait if pokemon campions hase mega and teras dos it hase z moves and g maxs pokemon
It's weird that they chose two Gen 2 Starters to have, rather than a starter from 3 different generations.
Hmm two started Johto Pokemon?
6:52 anyone else notice the pokemon lineup at the bottom?? What's that third pokemon?? Dragalge??
I'm surprised they did both Chikorita and Totodile. I want to know the reasons behind choosing those two.
It looks like ZA game takes place in the future? Or present? But not in the past like Legends Arceus
Why did we get 2 starters from the same region ? The starters are a bit underwhelming imo
I question their choice to lock the entire game into a city instead of letting us explore like in Arceus
So... Guess where Arceus has you go to past, ZA is more Future..?
Im still not sure how to feel about the starter options being the other two Johto starters and a Unova starter
Why are there 2 johto starters 😭
Should Team Sky come back to Kalos????
Are fainted pokemon no longer despawning after you beat them? Do you actually get a chance to catch them.
Am I tripping or the Garbodor shown two different times is a regional form? It seems to me like a different color and it's not the shiny.
6:29  why is onyx so small... That kinda bugs me. I mean come on pyroar's height is 4'11" and onyx's is 28'10"
Why? Why two starters of the same region???? Whyyyyyyyyyy?
I wonder if there'll be a Mega-Meganium...   Probably not, just a Kalosian Form, but it would be funny if there was.
sword and shield remakes???
How are we going to die in this game??? Protagonist jumped off the building and was aaved by his phone!
Return of ash greninja?
They might be keeping starter new forms a suprise maybe
hugh im now kinda curious if z moves will be in champions as well and like in the pokemon journeys anime you will be allowed one battle gimic
I wonder if Rotom Parkour is a mini game and/or just a way to get around? New favourite passtime of Team Sky?
I’m concerned now. i’m not gonna lie i’m worried. like this is modern soooooo is this before the pokemon war? or after? i feel like AZ is about to become a lot LESS cool than he was in Pokemon X and Y
Hmmm, the new starter choices is weird because for 1 Chikorita and Totodile are from the same Generation and only Tepig is from a later generation. I would have liked it if the water starter was Piplup following Mikey’s analysis or just have a pokemon from a different generation instead of having 2 from the same gen
7:26 isnt promotion matches in the anime ir am i wrong?
So was that supposed to be an official pokemon showdown?
The green digital statue, is that a new poke?
Being able to protect just into time to deflect an attack.. also seeing stealth rock to block flame wheel????
Curious about the Aqua and Magma symbols in that last bit.
Notice how all the pokemon the megas were fighting have mega forms other than Garbodor? Mega Garbodor confirmed?
Guys is it just me who’s a little worried this game takes place in JUST Lumiose city? I mean I’m sure they can make a full game there but I want to go back to Kalos not just Lumiose.
Is it me, or does the male player look a lot like a young professor sycamore?
Could be just me, but the A from the ZA logo looks a lot like ogerpons legs? I'm wondering how it could be connected to this game...
I wonder why they chose 2 starters from the same gen
Having to move your Pokémon into a specific position during battle, otherwise the move will miss. Hmm, I wonder where i've heard that before
Why 2 johto starters?
I don't understand why did they add 2 starter from same gen
So Cyndaquil & Oshawott had a regional form. Now Tepig, Totodile, & Chikorita get forms... what does this mean for Snivy I wonder 🤔
The fact that they didn't show new forms is concerning because either they don't want to show them off yet, or they just don't exist.
Just thought of this, are we going to be able to terastalize megas? Becuase if so, tera adaptability mega lucario sounds kinda scary
Do u think we will be able to go inside?  N if so is that y we can’t go outside to other places.   Lol
Can we talk about how he parried that talonflame with stealth rock? 6:23
Did they just decide to make this game a straight-up sequel to X and Y?  It'd be pretty cool if they did.
I wonder if we'll get Yahvultal in the game or Megas for the 3 chosen starters in the game
TEAM PARKOUR????? 👀
Anyone else more excited for Champions than Z-A? Am I weird for that?
Does anyone have any idea about the last little teaser at the end? It seemed like the Paldea Rotom phoke and noise, followed by some tower and bits of the mega evolution noise(?)
I have a few Questions  1). Why are stuck in Lumiose City and can't explore the Kalos Region?   2) Since it takes place in modern times why can't we do the gym challenge? I  want to know how the Gym Leaders are doing.  3) Since it's an XY sequel, why aren't we using the Kalos Starters?
I'm still wondering if the game will feature *anything* outside of Lumiose City. I'm wondering how they'll incorporate legendary Pokémon, and whether there will be any actual exploration apart from just following a city map and going into a few small habitats.
Why 2 gen 2 mons? Have you ever SEEN how bad generation 2 is? They all need the help
5:14 isn't this a new form for Floette?? Soft launching new forms here 🇫🇷
So is it that Pokemon legends ZA takes place in the future and also since you can dodge moves does that mean 100% accurate moves are 50% accurate
Wait so is Pokemon legends Z-A taking place in the future? If that's the case then what is the story reason for why the starter pokemon changed from Froakie, Fennekin, and Chespin to now be Totodile, Tepig, and Chikorita? Also because this isn't like Legends Arceus which takes place in ancient times, would the player have to do Gym battles again? If there are new megas then what would be the story reason for why it didn't exist during the events of XY but now they are in Legends Z-A? Also would this mean we get to see the descendants for some of the Pokemon characters like how Legends Arceus we saw like the ancestors.
Instead of new forms how about mega evolutions
What starter u picking?
So did sm else saw that Fluffy's HP bar fell to 0 and then Fluffy was cought?
Aww, am I gonna be stuck with Urbain if I play as a girl? Then again, SV doesn't even have a gender selection and it was deliberately vague in some previous games so I wonder how your appearance decides who you get
Wait is this the future of Lumiose city? Its almost like the legend games are being used to patch the johto starters. Im thinking poison fire, fairy grass, and either dark or steel water types.
why are people still excited for pokemon lol
Why was Mickey screaming at the start?
WE GOT NEWS GUYS!? 🎉  Edit: As long as Diancie shows up I DON’T CARE WHAT FORMS WE GET, DAMMIT
