Why didn't he just keep driving it ? It was functioning correctly, and if he was concerned plug in an OBD and check the battery health
It's a minor scratch on the underside of the car, to a protective cover. A cover that will no doubt get scratched on any model of car during routine day to day use. The cover has done it's job by presumably preventing damage to the battery itself. I would like to see that cover removed and Hyundai should easily be able to show damage to the battery itself to justify it's replacement. There's also zero justification for a replacement battery to cost more than the whole car, given the significant number of other components and tech in the car, a battery simply does not cost that much.
What was wrong with the car that the battery needed to be replaced? That scratch? Give me a break.
How did insurance allow the claim in the first place?  It wasn’t a collision.  Just a road debris denting the battery doesn’t allow claim unless it was a vehicle that kicked up the debris to cause the damage….. questionable information given.
Hahaha who would buy one of those piles
3.19 - 3.23 Why does the invoice show 6649.98 list and net amounts then inserts a 5  in front of these identical numbers bumping up the total?
How are people going to be able to afford EV? Its crazy.
is it possible the battery could possibly damaged....? that's probably the reason for the spontaneously burning electric cars...? and the technology is so new that supply chains are not established...?
A hole in the battery cover widened?  Has anyone compared the hole with another IONIQ, to see if there's any difference?  HE'S GETTING SCAMMED BY THE DEALER.
Is this government run insurance?  Canada is such a Marxist shit hole.
Is it possible that if this guy had his battery replaced, the body works shop will just replaced the battery cover and make it look that they replaced the battery too?
What about the typo which changes the price from $5,000 to $55,000? No one else can see this? Seriously?
Either Hyundai is giving these away or the mark up on a replacement battery is borderline criminal!
Had enough hassle yet?  EVs...wonderful in concept, unreliable and anything but durable in practice.  ⚡️
So does this mean they sell these evs at a loss or is the markup on the batteries just really high? The labour and fees seems reasonable enough.
Makes you wonder what the original battery cost and why the replacement is so expensive
Could all this stupidity be due to our tort system?
What the hell are young people of the future going to do when they need to buy a cheap used car and all the cars available are old EV's that need new batteries for 10K+, we're all fucked if we go this route.
Almost 2 million potential buyers will now consider whether it is worth buying a Hyundai.
Lmao sounds like bs. How is the protective cover not a protective cover? It looks like,  I didn't know  that was a measurement. Sad
if this damaged the battery then I wonder what this protection is there at all for, it is enough to drive over a small stone on the road to probably damage the battery
So guy runs over something and his car gets totaled?
Why didnt they replace the scrached cover since its just a "protective cover".
The battery ALWAYS COSTS MORE than the device itself!  Have you ever tried to buy a new battery for your cell phone? Or your cordless phone? Or your cordless power tools? It's ALWAYS CHEAPER to buy a new tool, or phone than it is to buy a new battery for the old one!
But remember, this is all “conspiracy theories” created by climate change deniers, right?
And anyone would wonder why people do not want this overpriced junk.
Canadian insurance sound like a scam… 10 years wtf? He didn’t do anything wrong. How is he a bad driver if something was in the road?
makes me have second thoughts about an EV
I wonder if Kyle hit a huge pot hole and car had its belly hit so hard that one of the tighly packed sections within casing may have been squished (even a bit), hence the dealer read some of the instructions and acted upon assuming now the battery is unstable. If battery is deemed unstable (like an ICE car with rotten fuel lines ,etc) they don't offer deep fixing of batteries in Canada and just replace it.
Why buy any kind of Hyundai (EV or otherwise) if this is the kind of company you are dealing with?
So no one's gonna mention the appearance of this woman? Why she looks like a bad AI?
Imagine spending $60K on a Hyundai?
why couldn't he still drive the car. What happens if they find there was NO damage beyond a simple scratch?
Wonder why little Greta is not mad at them for making so blatantly polluting products
You have a cover to protect the battery and it did not. Isn't that a defective protective part? If it didn't protect battery, then that's a highway safety issue. Get Canadian highway department involved for manufacture putting dangerous vehicles on highway.
What does "fair battery price" means? Are they telling people the battery costs more than the whole car? All the other components and parts cost nothing? How much will they ask for a brand new car without a battery in it, nothing???
What kind of twit takes their car to the dealership for a couple scratches on the underside? The grommet to fill that hole only costs about $5.
The part that confuses me is that you can see the price of the battery and it’s listed at $6649.99 not $56,649.98 where are they getting that number?
It’s not explained why the warranty was voided.
And people wonder why EV sales fell off a cliff...
I am confused by the part price on the invoice.  It seems like the price was $6649.98, but at some point, a 5 was inserted onto the price.  What's the story on the invoice showing $6649.98, and then it becomes $56649.98?  Am I the only one who sees this?
If the guy had never taken it to the dealership to have it inspected, none of this would have ever happened.  This raises so many other questions such as, is this a Hyundai design flaw?  Is the battery protection area too weak?  Is this a scam by the dealership / repair department?   Is this an insurance scam?   These are all questions that should be examined in court where all of the facts can be laid out and examined fairly and concisely.
Did anyone else see that invoice? The list price of the battery is $6,650. The dealer has marked it up by $50,000!
Its well known EV batteries / replacements  are expensive AND catch fire.  Why people are buying them is a puzzle.
wtf the insurance company is the culprit why are they charging that, they should replace the vehicle that's the whole point of insurance
Dealer rip off. How the hell a hole just widens??
But the list price is $6,600?
This would be a problem with high snow fall in Northern States. Could the battery cover get damaged driving through snow and would heavy salting of roads affect the batteries?
Something NO ONE is talking about. How did it end up being 56k when the invoice shows a single battery being 6649.98 with 1600 in labor for the install? There's just magically a 5 in front of the battery cost on the final total for the invoice.
So the carmakers put a battery underneath the car and expect it not to get impacted?
Didn't Tesla's  have a battery cover that is made of Titanium so it resist well the hazards of debris on the road? Sorry but the idea of luxury cars should be dropped. we should have cars that drive us from A to B safely, or better, in the cities we should have better public transportation.
If an impact that light can destroy the battery then what good is the protection cover? It can't protect it from even a small impact
Buying EV to lower CO2 emissions? According to a big study that isn't all that effective. Over the lifetime of a car an EV maybe saves 30% on CO2 emissions compared to a diesel or gasoline car.
Have you guys heard of NIO?
Does the battery work and the car run? Still watching this video.
Can we put the car out with the recycling for the trash man?
How do you save more on ev ? Compared to petrol? Its fake
How does the $6649 net amount for the battery turn  into over $56k?
Can Hyndai just give me the car minus battery for free (as the battery costs more than a car)? I will get the battery shipped from China through Ali baba 😅
Is this a concern for just EV's or do Hybrids have a history of costly battery repairs also?
i wouldnt be surprised if they charge that much for the battery to get u to buy a new car from them instead  edit: after watching the video some more it turns out they ask if he wanted to buy another car lmao these companies are so predictable
Figured out it's bullshit yet?
What about damages done by rodents to the electric system. I live in France and my car dealer sells anti rodents sprays to use every month. Our car insurances don’t over any damage of that kind. It could cost thousands of euros.
So if the car costs new just under 60K which part of the car is for free? The battery or the car without the battery? Because my math says the car should cost new closer to a 100k. Or is it a "but wait, if you call now" kinda deal😂😂😂😂
So, does the battery not work? There was no mention of that in your report…is it drivable or not?
How can the battery cost more? How do they build the car for 55k then?
How can the battery of the car cost more than the car brand new?
Is it me or does the invoice not add up? To me the battery price is $6649.98 not $56, 649.98. I think $6649.98 is more realistic for a battery price. A tesla Model 3 replacement is $13,000. I think the invoice math is messed up.
Did anyone else notice that the list and net price are the same except theres no 5 in front only 6649.98 am i missing something
So who gets the “totalled vehicle? Will the insurance company sell it for parts. Will the battery be recycled or inspected and then resold? Why can’t the owner just keep driving the car?… just don’t park it in your garage.
60,000 (45,305.93 USD) ?, I can buy new gas powered car for that amount. I would never buy a e.v. car.
Is this the one with 15mm dint in the battery sheild  what did he hit?
I think there should be a typing error in the invoice. I see a 'net' figure for 'Battery' of  6649.98 but under 'amount' it becomes 56,649.98. Labour remains 1,599.50. Obviously that should be an error, or I may be missing something.
There was one of these ioniuq cars (a Hyundai) thats been sitting in a parking lot near where I work.  It's been there for over 5 weeks now and I'm really curious on why it hasn't been moved lol...
Are these replacement batteries available in quantity in the USA?  What is the estimated turnaround time from, “Oh I need a new battery” to delivery back to the customer?
Ok so, if the car runs and drives fine, not malfunctioning, why not just ignore the scratches and keep driving the car?  Or sell it if you're worried about the car?
It’s called a protection plate for a reason so can’t that just be replaced ? Of coarse not because they want to make money out of customer , use strain or a bus so much cheaper
may I ask why is there a *protection cover* if the whole battery needs to be replaced after a scratch on the cover?!
So basically, he bought a battery, and the rest of the car was free?
Hyundai didn't really answer the question.  Oh papa, run run run run run run away from Hyundai.
If the car is 55k brand new how can the battery only cost 56k
British Columbia?  Your not British or in Columbia. You speak french in parts of Canada. Call it french Canada. 😂😂
Wait a second... What about option #3: Don't go through insurance, don't pay the dealership, just keep driving the car.  If it drives just fine, and the battery doesn't have any issues, why bother?
I'm just as concerned with how ICBC is treating this situation!  10 years of paying double?  When did insurance stop actually covering us?  What are we paying for - a big fee to have our vehicles on the road with zero $$ protection??
Why does the invoice not look like it makes sense the cost of the battery column says 6649.98 and the labor is 1599? that doesnt add up to 60k who is doing the accounting here?
Some search results show the battery pack costs only 6.000$. Maybe the dealer got the cost wrong?
So, if the part itself excl. labour & tax, is worth more than a new car, how's the Hyundai making money on them? EVs are a subscription not one off payment
Why couldn't he have just ignored what rhe dealer said and just go-ahead and drive it? That's what I  would have done.
they didn't even quote to replace the cover?    what a scam
Why is there a hole in the cover? So if something flies into this golf ball sized hole you are screwed? I will never buy one of these scam vehicles.
1st of all why is the battery $56000. 2nd they cant reverse that insurance hit even after they resolve the issue/concern that previously happened?
How do they justify charging 60K for a battery??   One of the many reasons Im not buying an electric car anytime soon
My thing is, why is the insurance company penalizing him for something that wasn’t even his fault?
If there was nothing wrong with the battery why not keep driving it?
Maybe I missed something here.....#1 - ICBC (the insurer) inspected the vehicle and totalled it. Surely they must have removed the battery cover and inspected the battery before arriving at their decision? #2 - it’s not clear if the car was in an accident causing the damage to the underside, or was it impacted by an object on the highway surface. If it was the latter, all Kyle should be paying for is the deductible, and it would not impact his good driver discount. NOTE: In British Columbia Canada, insurance discounts are based on the drivers good driving record and is NOT a no claims discount.
Hyundai can’t even make an ICE without engine blowing up or transmission going out in their dct and u trust Hyundai with an EV?
California had the most automobile registrations: almost 14.3 million such vehicles were registered in the most populous U.S. federal state. Watching what happened this week with the extreme rainstorms and flooding, my question is: When you have 14. 3 million electric cars that are to bevdriven in the future due to the elctric vehicle mandate, how may amps/watts will they produce to fry everyone in that state when they drive through the water and the + and - terminals short out?
Wtf is the point of a battery protection cover that doesn't 'protect' the battery. The scratches seem superficial at best. Also it's ludicrous that 'scratching' the protection cover has you lose warranty? I thought cars are meant to be driven and not parked in a glass showcase so they don't get scratched. Unacceptable.
so this guy went through so much trouble and to the question 'will you buy another ev?' he cant give a clear answer NO, he is debating!
This leads to soo many other questions, like can the car be bought at a salvage auction and then re-registered and put on the road in Canada or the US?
Am I the ONLY one who sees that the battery cost shows to be 6649.98? Is it likely that the manufacturer does not yet make spare replacement batteries and that they told the dealer that to get a spare, the dealer would have to be charged for a new vehicle off the production line, and then have the shell removed from that new car? Something is up with the extra 50K. Sometimes replacement batteries are not even on the market for brand-new cars.
I understand that determining damagwe to the actual battery is very difficult because of the many battery cells and control parts of it. But why does does the protection cover have a hole in it that would easily allow damage? What are the condition for that battery warranty?
And amazon wants to push these piece of junks through the internet now?  Customer support is gonna be lovely isn’t it? 😂
Why the cover wasn't taken off to inspect the battery? They said it would explode at any moment.
Maybe if the battery manufacturers found younger children to mine the materials the cost would be cheaper
In the invoice, how does one unit of a 6,649.98 CAD item render a 56,649.98 CAD billing [02:46]?
You would think the battery would be more protected, and I’d say the battery is fine it just a scratch.
what is the lifespan of the battery? !0 years? And then your electric car is shite!!!
He should have tried to continue to use his car without reporting the incident. Why can't individual damaged cells or smaller units of the battery not be replaced? Maybe they need a better protection pad to shield the battery. I wonder what they'll do to a written off car. It can still be used. There is too much instutionalized wastage in America and Canada.
Carbon foot print? Battery production involves alot of carbon footprint. You have to mine and deforest to produce batteries. Tail pipe emissions seem to be the only metric that is measured.
Why does the part show a price of $6,649.98 for one part of that number but the total is $56,549.98? Where is the $50,000 coming from?
You should’ve gotten them to go measure two cars from the parking lot to see if the gap is the same on both that seems sketchy
Isn’t the protection casing meant to “protect “? Like a bulletproof vest is supposed to shatter to absorb the impact to protect the body?
why are we allowing cars that can explode if scratched anyways??
Now that we know the true cost of EVS are they still worth it? Just to save the environment for one person😂
Hasnt this been the story on older Prius models for years? Insurance writes it off as a loss due to battery weakness or failures? I feel bad for this person, what a pain in the rear. Glad to see someone stepping up and representing him.
Can no one see this is a ONE BIG SCAM 🤦‍♂️ Why are we so stupid and allow this to happen?!
How does a battery cost more than the msrp of the car? How as a company do you even profit from selling something like that?
How is a car $60,000??? A small house with land is about $200,000 at some locations. You are driving a third of a house and have to replace it every 6-10 years. Thats madness
Something if fishy about this story. Lot of FUD in the comments too.
If you look at the list and net price of the battery on the invoice, the battery is $6649. The dealership is marking it up $50000. Why hasn't anybody noticed a $50000 dealer or manufacturer markup, whichever one is marking it up to $50000. The part list price and the net price on the invoice is 6,649.00, not 56,649.00.
Are you sure someone didn't  put the decimal point in the wrong place?    How does it go from 6649$ for the the price of 1 battery to 56649$ in the last column? This dealer sounds very sketchy. It all sounds like bullshit to me.
Shouldn't have bought this junk in the first place, and now they want you to buy another?
Evs are pure speculation, nothing more, and they will never be more
Surely from such a minor impact if the protction plate didnt protect the battery then that is poor and inadeqate design/workmanship and therefore replacement covered under warranty. What sort of consumer protection does Canada have?
Did they ever check the original battery for damage?
List price on the break down said 6600… how tf does it end up being 58k.
The real question is how does the battery cost 56k in a vehicle they sell for 60k?
The bullshittery of Canada and USA like this is quite unique and highly questionable - what the actual fuck ? 0 damage was done to the battery as clearly shown on pictures, a small scratch and a missing plastic cover ? Good to know not to go for Hyundai.
They really offered him a deal on a new car 😂 like why would he or anyone whos watched this video EVER buy a Hyundai, I’d want a discount as a new customer
I wonder why none of the manufacturers, except Tesla, can sell their electric cars.
Dealership or Stealership?
would the battery cost that much if he experienced the same situation in Korea?
How is electric sustainable with these crazy repair costs? Every one of these damn things turns into a giant e-waste appliance when damaged.
The question is are all EV's warranty coverage the same or is this only symptomatic of Hyundai?
How can they sell the car for that price then? I would never buy electric anyway its inconvenient, unreliable, dangerous and most definitely not cost effective.
There an error on the quote fr the battery, the list price and net price is $6649.98, how come the amout became $56,649.98, what is the extra $50K for the battery came from, price error and big mistake.
and then you wonder why a lot of EVs are struggling to sell.
How do you attract future sales by this lame action? I had Iconic 5 at the top of my list but now removed & will not consider it.
A scratch to the plastic under cover and they can void your warrantee and force you to change battery? what if I get the same scratch on a gas car? Replacing the transmission at your own cost? I have been looking at a new Tucsun for a few months, now I don't even want to look at any Hyundai anymore.
The issue is the dealership.
Am I the only one who thinks it's a typo?  Looks like a 5 was added to the front of the $6,600 battery price.
I’m not sure about rules in Canada when it comes to insurance. But just switch insurance companies or go through an insurance agency..
Is it just me, or has no-one asked what the symptoms were of the issue. Total brick or what?
What is battery protective cover good for if it can't take road debris scratches. May need to go back to the drawing board.
Am I the only person that sees $6,649.98 as the cost of the battery?
Why is there even a cover when any scratches on it automatically voids the battery warranty? Stealership certainly applies in this case. Hyundai and Kia aren't a brand I'm interested in even for their non ev cars.
Wondering why the customer are blind the electric cars are bad business plus dealers are made to make money not to look up ur best interest
How can they void the warranty?.
H2 combustion engine style vehicles are looking better. Guess what comes out the exhaust, water, 0 emissions.😊
Just a simple question: Did anyone ever actually perform any sort of test on the battery to see if it was actually damaged? This is like replacing an internal combustion engine if the oil appears to be dirty.
If it was a small scratch and batteries still worked like new, why don’t you just keep driving it?
if the battery costs $60,000 then how does the whole car cost $54,000?
I smell a scam. How can a battery cost more than a brand-new car? So really Hyundias are worthless it is the battery you are paying for.
The main issue is that the facilities still need to be set up to remove, service, and rebuild these batteries. This EV should have not required a totally new battery replacement.
Why would anyone buy an EV? They are already obsolete. Water-split hydrogen is the future, Toyota already manufacturing.
Is she AI ... her face no move.
I wonder why trus fund baby doesn't mention this in his interviews
Do people that drive EV's actually believe that they are 'saving' the planet ...Or is it just a weird way of offsetting their other consumer behaviors that they feel guilty about...
Mmm, something doesn't seem right to me. A new battery for a Tesla Model S is £17,000 in the UK. A battery for a Porsche Taycan is £39,000. Those prices are crazy enough. How the heck can a battery for a Hyundai be $58,000?
so why is this not covered by the warranty? clearly the metal "shield" either did its job ie no damage to the battery so the car is ok, or it didnt which means it isnt fit for purpose.
Where is the invoice says $6649.98. Was there a typo in carrying the cost over to equal $56649.98? The list and net amount is only $6649.98.
First of all, ICBC is a joke and a farce!! It’s a monopoly that needs to be dismantled!! They will right off anything for anything!! They are responsible for six month backlogs at body shops to have work done, they arbitrarily mess with your insurance rates at their sole discretion! So that’s ICBC. Now, what about four wheel drives?????? Are they going to right off every truck that goes off-road and scratches the battery cover?!?!? Are they just going to void the warranty?? Is ICBC going to pay replacement costs??(I think not) Guess I won’t be buying one, this story is convincing enough! Thank you for telling us the truth!!
Did you research Tesla's processes and costs for battery replacement?  It looks like their battery replacement costs are far lower than shown in this video.
Write off a vehicle for a scratch? Sounds like an insurance scam. Dealership smell money when he brought the car in for a scratch. The young fellow has no clue, sell him a new car!
And why a Tesla Batterie cost "only" $5000-$20000(Modle S Plaid)?   I think this has nothing to do with the real pricing, it is to rip off assurances in the case of an accident.
Uhm, I’m confused by this story. Looking at the estimate shown at 6:36, it looks to me that the cost of the replacement battery is under $7k and the total cost of $56k is an obvious typo. Why is everyone tripping on the typo? Am I the only person reading the estimate or am I missing something? Additionally, I own a Hyundai Kona Electric. When I bought it, it was on recall for the battery. The cost of that battery, covered by warranty, was less than $12k.
Is this why Tesla has a $800 billion market cap....  I've also heard insurance for EVs are going through the roof for this exact reason.
His rates go up because of the car??
Call a lawyer, because if the dealership hid on the sale it is a premeditated deception, treachery, and advantage.
those scratches are normal wear and tear, you can look under most cars and see that on the plastic skid guards
Is that is CAD is around 45,000 USD. I can buy 3 cars with that.
Is that is CAD is around 45,000 USD. I can buy 3 cars with that.
What the hell kinda insurance y'all have in Canada?  He hit something and through dealer BS the car needs to be totaled and that will cause his insurance to double for 10 years?
And what the hell are they going to do with that battery? Recycle it?
Y’all think that battery cost 58000 maybe 4500$ to 3500$
Question for Motormouth:  It is the legal responsibility of the AA to perform the MOT on cars in Canada. This dealer pretty much took the vehicle off the road, because there is a large incentive for him (selling a new car) while there is no risk involved in doing a wrongful assessment of the observed damage. So why is it that a dealer in Canada can pretty much condemn a car to the scrapyard based on an assessment where he is both judge and party?
What happened now to the old car battery?? - scrapped? Sold on ? What ?????
Louis Rossman where are you
This sounds more of a user issue. Why didn't he go to a different dealership to have them inspect it instead of relying on the dealership he bought it from?
The biggest question is: why would the new car costs $55K brand new (including a battery), and a new battery costs $56k just for parts?
doesn't make sense battery guaranteed 8 years there usually really good about warranty a scratch? would that be there fault 4 no protection on battery..pretty sure if u sued u would win.. is this same policy in USA?
60k for the battery so they’re selling the car at a net lost ? The math ain’t mathing
was the car actually driveable? why take it in if it still drives fine?
And people wonder why my daily driver was built in 1999.
Did anyone investigate what really happened to the car?  Was it actually scrapped/salvaged?  Sorry, I smell a rat.  So much for being better for the environment.
Wait, Jenny McCarthy works for Hyundai Canada now?
how could Kyle even afford this car at his age? 🤔
Makes you wonder how much subsidization is going on if a single part costs more than the entire car and whether the entire citizenry is realizing the benefits of their tax payer dollars at work
Why wasn't there a second opinion third opinion I know a little about Evie batteries need to take it out and run a diagnosis it could be as simple as a connection it wasn't taken out and looked at this guy needs to do is get a lawyer
Just curious, how can they make money selling a car that the battery costs more than they charge for the car? I'm thinking the used market is going to suck. Yeah, I won't be getting an electric, thank you.
So one of the parts of the cars that gets damaged almost every single time you drive it is what dictates between a new $60,000 battery or no battery? Maybe they should put the battery above a tougher, easily replaceable, sacrificial cover. And batteries should be made of smaller modules so you would only need to replace the damaged ones instead of a full bank.
Tesla battery replacements to start between $20,000 and $35,000. Why does Hyundai cost $60000?
hyundai probably has the most asburd service centers, they act like they're a watch brand in there. I asked how much an inspection would be and they wouldn't even answer me properly the first time. They wanted $300. Just an inspection! It's ridiculous.
p.s.s.  how was a kid able to buy a $60k car?
Now ask yourselves what they do with the old dead lithium batteries..... and GOD knows how many other lethal chemicals. Landfill!!! Good for our earth? I think NOT!
Is there a problem with the car? I don’t understand why they’re trying to replace the battery just for a scratched cover
My question would be why does the battery cost more than the car? Is the rest of the car worthless?
Am not understanding something? The list and net price of the battery is 6649.98, where did the 56649.98 come from? It looks like a typo!
If they can sell the car for $55,000 how can the battery alone be $60,000? Greed
The biggest question is, if the battery is "worth" 60k, how can the whole car new cost LESS then 60k? As usual there is a markup, the question is how high is that. Probably stupidly high.
So, he brushed something…did he get a check engine light? Did it go into limp mode??  Also, dealerships are trash!! 🗑️
So he may have ran over something small that hit the underside of the car. The battery shielding was scratched and warped a little. Supposedly the battery was damaged too.  How is that not a manufacturer fault? The battery shielding failed. How can they void the warranty and refuse to fix it?  I'd be getting myself a lawyer and getting my money back, because there's no way I'd want to be a customer of theirs after they pulled that bullshit, even if the court forced them to fix it.
Buying a smart car wasn't so smart, was it?
It is Canada.  It is possible only one or two modules are defective. I am not an EV fan but in the US that repair is about $6,000 to $10,000.  Important question buyers aren't asking.  Who is responsible?  Hyundai Ioniq 5's high-voltage batteries are covered by a 10-year, 100,000-mile warranty that protects against degradation of more than 30%. The warranty also guarantees at least 70% battery capacity retention. Don't believe everything you see on YouTube.
I didn't hear anything  about  the cover being removed  to see if the cover is touching the battery .  As a person that tends to keep car for a long time   I'm wondering  when the  cost will be . Hopefully  there will be some sort of refurbished  battery  program   and maybe  the cost will be in line with the cost of  an engine or transmission
If a protective cover getting damaged means the battery is damaged, then it’s not a “protective” cover now is it? It’s just another part needing replacement.
But what was wrong with the car? Was it not holding a charge? I don’t understand why he brought it in to be looked at.
How do they have name brand dealerships selling vehicles that their auto repair shop hasn’t been trained to work on🤦‍♂️
Hyundai garages are very sus, one wanted. 6000 to replace a Tucson engine the other garage did it for free on a recall notice, what gives 😮
Shouldn’t the battery costs and pricing be known BEFORE you sell the vehicle?
And people are wondering why their car insurance is going through the roof! Maybe there should be a seperate insurance to cover EV's instead of the rest of us having to cover it.
I've never understood why we pay insurance to make us whole, but when they make us whole they penalize us for doing so. Insurance seems to be a legal scam and we are compelled to be both complicit in it, and victimized by it. Sheesh!
Why is this a big deal? Obviously, the driver hit something looking at the scratch marks. If you make a claim, your insurance goes up, and the insurance company will do what they have to do to minimize their loss. Shut up and take the consequence of your bad driving head-on like a grown-up man and just move on.
Why would you take your car to a body shop for a new battery.  Body shops are for collision repair.  Don't make videos if you don't know what you are talking about.  Can't trust anything you say when you say stupid stuff like that.
Factory warranty?
Not an expert here my suggestion- visual inspection and a huge voltmeter. I do answer questions for free.
Why is a battery for a car more than the cost of the car?
Battery warranty is normally at leat 7 years so whats the problem????????????????
so, if the battery was under the hood and he had a crash, would he not be engulfed in flames? hard nope.
So if u scratch the protection cover.... Which can happen in many occasions.. the warranty is void? That's robbery. They need a class action lawsuit!
Soooo, EV cars are less to maintain? Aside of the icreased MSRP over an ICE car, spontaneous battery fires, less real world range, limited charging stations and ridiculous battery replacement cost where a new engine would cost less than half of that, not sure why people still buy these.
If the battery was fine, why was he at the dealership getting the battery inspected in the first place?
So is the car free and your paying for just the battery?
The service advisor messed up the invoice! Are your eyes painted on?
If the battery actually costs Hyundai enough to justify a $56k price tag, but the whole car sells for $55k, then Hyundai is dumping these cars on the Canadian market below cost. This is seriously anti-competitive behavior.
If the car was running okay why didn't he just not fix it and just keep driving it without wasting a bunch of money
How much does the original  battery  cost  😢
"What sort of advice does he have for potential EV buyers?"  ...Fucking run from EV's, Hyundai, and move out of Canada! -Kyle (probably not, but lol)
Worst part is the increased insurance costs. Due to the way they car is made he's now looked at as a bad driver and has to pay a penalty for it??
That doesn't make sense. A one year old car needs a battery that cost more than the car was sold for? Something fishy is going on with car prices when it comes to the Ioniq. Maybe Hyundai is just trying to unload them?
What about collision/battery damage & repair cost?
Why does “list” and “net” on the invoice for the battery say 6648.98 but then “amount” is 56,649.98?
So what is insurance on these vehicles going to end up being if this tiny damage caused $61,000 in damage.
Looking at the quote, the 1st 2 columns show the price qw $6649, not $56649, Could there have been a 5 slipped in on the total that was not supposed to be there? Batteries can't cost more than the whole car. Not possible.
why did you not do your homework before you bought the car? Ohh, I forgot, you were trying to save money and save the environment....
Why didn't Hyundai get involved before this went public. Not everyone wants to go public with their problem so Hyundai will probably ignore most peoples problems.
Hyundai probably cut corners on the protection plate, like they did on so many other things in this car and across their lineup.
So why isn’t the battery swap model more popular such as NIO’s? You get a freshly charged battery in just a few minutes.
When the protection cover is damaged - how does that justify a battery replacement?
Invoice shows 6649$. What are are they trying to tell?
Where is @Rich Rebuilds??
Hmmm...maybe don't go electric next time?
What was the problem?  Was the car not performing properly?  Was the battery damaged?  Why take it in if there were no issues?
When will people learn to never buy a Hyundai and never buy an electric car. If you do, make it a Tesla or better yet, buy a Toyota Prius.
How do these things work winter? Batteries lose efficiency  in cold temp. Now the battery has to electric heat the car interior and operate fans to defrost windows. Would the already dismal road range not even be worst in winter?
You can buy another one instead then ? what is the issue lol
Hyundai and Kia have great long warranty as a selling point but they have worst and notorious for honoring warranty repairs.
How is the 2022 EV has to replace the battery? Don't they come with any warranty?
Hi!  Just want to know what car do u have there?!  Nice interior w/ pano roof!
So the battery costs $56,650, does that mean the rest of the car is essentially only costs a few bucks? Ridiculous
Wait…so he didn’t have any issue with the car and the car didn’t say anything was wrong? Why did he worry about the scratches then? He should have just kept the car.
I want to see what it should look like not damaged (the port hole).
I want to see what it should look like not damaged (the port hole).
I must be missing something here, at 3.30 and 6.45 it shows the invoice with the battery at 6649.98 and labour at 1599.50 in the list and net section, so where does the 50,000 come from! Did they add the customers telephone number when adding it up?
Why replce ??
EV owners really think they are producing less CO2? They don't care how was their vehicles, batteries manufactured? Where will their batteries end up when damaged or dead?
Who would buy a POS Hyundai?  One of most easily-stolen cars made
So if I understand correctly the battery still worked, he could have continued driving it, but since the mechanic saw the exterior damage he decided the warranty is void and it's over? But the car WORKS, doesn't it?
What surprises me is that somebody would spend this much on a car and not already of known that it was going to cost that much.
Dude is that your wife ???!? She is beautiful!! Wow goood for you.
What did i miss.what was wrong with his vehicle?
6:44  I'm confused. It show's list price as ~$6,650, how is that 56k?
A dirty little secret in the car business is that spare parts are marked up over 5 times what they cost in the original car.  Buying all the parts the car is made of will run you $300,000 for a $60,000 car. The actual battery only costs the maker about $12K, but they mark it up to $60K to sell it as a spare.
Buy Huyinday Ionic for 55K sell battery for 60K ??? Profit
The car/battery is probably actually fine?  Maybe keep it?
1st problem: there is a plastic battery cover and that's "all" that's protecting the battery underneath? 2nd: 60k ($45K US) for a battery?  My 07 prius hybrid battery is like $4K to replace brand new...what the...I can't tell if this vehicle is discouraging me from ever owning an Ioniq or encouraging, since there'll be low priced ones with scratches?
Maybe just a poor design to secure that $60,000 battery. Underneath the vehicle? A mere 12 or 13 inches from the ground? Heck…a speed bump will void the warranty. Ridiculous.
The battery of every BEV will need to be replaced at some point, if not its to be scrapped, is this really sustainable? What will happen to the used car market for 8+ year old cars in 20-30 years?
Why does invoice say list price of $6649.98 then under the amount it says $56649.98 ???????? Looks like a 5 was mistakenly placed in the final price for part.
What does consumer protection have to say about this?
Problem one….. purchasing a Kia Hyundai vehicle to begin with.
i don't understand even if the battery damaged why not take the recycling value and deduct that from the new  batry cost not sure ev car battery worth to recycle but lithium is expensive.  but that's the problem as someone that can only afford 2nd hand vehicles the financial risk of battery braking is to big
Hyundai EV - an 56k battery attached to a 6k car.  Lmao what are we talking about here? 60k? In my world that's E-class mercedes money. Wake tf up.
Is there a protection cover for the protection cover? 🤔
The real question is why is a replacement part more than buying an entire vehicle. Either someone is overcharging for the replacement battery or the new vehicles are heavily subsidised somewhere in the supply chain.
So 2 years ago, when I spent £4,995 on an old Jaguar XJ8 that so far I've spent £1,800 on maintenance, it was a good deal then? Its still a luxury prestige car that drives like new so why should I spend tens of thousands on an EV? By the way, Insurance on EVs is going up and up, and some companies won't even offer coverage anymore.
Obviously Hyundai doesn’t pay $60,000 for the batteries they put in cars, so why don’t they buy extra batteries for replacements?
Where is your local member of parliament protecting you from these shonky cars. And where is your Consumer Affairs protecting you. Are they all asleep.
How can the battery be as much as a car ? How do Hyundai make a profit . None of this makes sense
Isn't that just a typo on the dollar amount? The battery is listed at  $6649.98 but in the tally amount there's a 5 in front of the $6649.98 with the labor still being $1599.50.  Maybe they should recheck their numbers.
If you thought you might convince me into purchasing an EV 5 minutes ago, what do you suppose your chances might be now?
What can Kyle do? Don't buy another disposable EV when there's plenty of reliable ICE options available to you
I realize this could be a spacing issue on the invoice but the unit price is showing a List and Net of 6649.98 and the Amount is 56649.98. The list and net fields arent wide enough to hold 7 digits plus a decimal but its weird that the values are truncated bu the program at the leading digit and not overlapping or truncating at the last digit. Its obviously right justified but i would have triple checked that this isnt a typo adding a 5 at the front.
How the fuck is it even possible for the battery to cost more than the car, like what the fuck is that!!
Why are you guys sitting and talking in a car?
Did the insurance company write it off as a complete write-off or a repairable write-off? Depending on what regulations apply to where one resides.... If an insurance company writes it off as a repairable write-off... I would bet my bottom dollar that is this case (the Hyundai) the insurance company would just have the battery cover replaced or even repaired at a minimal cost and sell the vehicle at used market value and profit on it.
Wait, so the battery actually failed? Did they take the protective cover off to check the battery? Im so confused.
why would you get a new battery for cosmetic damage to the battery? If the battery works fine and mileage is normal then what’s the issue? Are these people morons?
60k battery replacement?…. 45k for a Rivan to get repaired.  Two more reasons I’m not buying an electric car.   I have a mini cooper for sale … 6k…. Great shape and 28+ miles per gallon!!!…
You would think people would have learned the lesson by now by just purchasing battery powered tools over the past 20 years. Even in the 90’s it was cheaper to buy a new tool kit with charger and 2 batteries than it was to buy just the batteries. Nothing has changed.
So was his next car an EV as well?
Anyone else notice on that invoice that the net price of the battery is $6700 , not $60k . But at the end of the invoice it’s now $56,000 ? Someone messed up somewhere 😂🤣. You guys better look into this
Love to know how Hyundai respond.
There seems to be a bugger issue than just finding a solution to a more reasonable option for battery replacement. What if a customer bought a brand new EV and as soon as they drove off the lot it ran over something that damaged the expensive battery pack? To me it is an issue of design flaws. The protection cover should be the most durable part so that it protects the battery since it's replacement is worth more than a new model. Or is it that the manufacturers know that the underside of the vehicles (where the battery packs reside) is the soft spot and customers will either have to let their car be totalled by insurance (prompting another purchase) or buy a new battery at whatever price the dealer has to offer. Funny how internal combustion engine cars typically don't have a single part damaged from hitting road debris to total out the vehicle.
Wait, @3:33 the invoice shows the body shop paid $6649 for the battery pack, but then charged $56,649 to the client???  A $50,000 increase?  What glorious insanity of greed is this?  The issue is not the expense of the battery pack, but the idotic markup of the dealer doing the repairs.
Take a good look at the invoice.  Either their LIST and NET line is being truncated  (both show 6649.98) or their system is miscalculating the total AMOUNT.   I would tell the company you want to pay LIST!    6649.98 sounds more like it!
Can I find it kind of funny that the guy that ended up being ripped off by Hyundai literally looks like a Korean? 😂
Wonder how much he could buy it from the insurance company as a salvage. Just drive it!
What happened to her face ???
Was he getting any warning messages? I would have crawled under there and looked for myself. If I was worried, I would have just sold the car.
Why is the battery so pricy? Batteries are expensive, but That's 2-3 times more expensive than comparable batteries from other manufacturers.
Cheaper to put a petrol engine in it?
Man how does no one is that the battery price was a typo? The most pathetic part is Hyundai Canada higher ups looked at the quote and still doesn’t see the price error. It’s list price is $6,649.98. Someone added a 5 into the $6,649.98 which made it $56,649.98🤦🏻‍♂️
What am I missing here from that estimate: 37501-GI351 NET $6,649.98 , or is it missing the 5 on left due to lack of space?
It would be interesting to know what happened to the original IONIQ 5 considering the rest of the car was like new. If it was put back on the road how much did the replacement battery actually cost or are we to believe the whole car was scraped?
I am thinking about replacing my current car with a second hand EV as I don't do many miles but listening to your video I have to ask myself what if the battery gets damaged or flooded so is written off by the insurance company. So will pay me the market value of an EV with a damaged battery. Zilch!! I'm sticking to ICE
So - range anxiety, insurance issues, potential fire hazard, few charging stations, more expensive tires and now battery protection that protects the auto maker and not the purchaser.  Hmmmm. Mr. Biden.
Wait, look at the batterie price  Is 6649 listed twice before the Mistake of 56649 Somebody made a mistake with adding the 5 in front List and net price is $6649 That what i read What do you see ??
Why does it seem like every time I hear an EV repair horror story it’s Hyundai…  I hope the more reputable automakers take note and provide more transparency on EV repair costs off the bat
Am I missing something ? *Is anyone looking at* 6:41 ? The List, Net, and Amount? Where did the extra 5 come from ? It went from 6,649.98 to 56,649.98 The labor is 2,912.47  - which sounds about right. SOMEONE is stupid here, the person who filled out the quote or the idiots on this film who are passing this off as real .
Warranty void? Isnt that what a warranty is for? Fuck that.
wait,  why was the battery warranty voided?
Hm, I might have to reconsider cancelling my Hyundai order...
how do you know when a dealership is lying?  their mouths are moving.
how much you wanna bet that car was resold shortly after with virtually nothing done to it?
How does Hyundai become Hunday?
If a dealership isn’t qualified to drop a battery and inspect modules then that is a huge issue. It seems Hyundai may need to shoulder most of the blame here.Can a dealership void a warranty without approval from the manufacturer?  Usually the dealership would contact the manufacturer and they would approve or deny paying for the work to be done. So much that doesn’t make sense here.
This is only the beginning folks. Between the batteries and updates and calibrations dealers charge everyone is going to see their expenses escalate beyond belief. This also goes for new gas cars with all the cameras and optional equipment. As far as having one accident and your insurance double in cost also is very questionable. We need outside advocates not for charge lawyers to help.
How on earth can the battery alone cost as much as an entire car? That’s a question that should have been asked and it seems never was. This whole thing still stinks. Hyundai Canada is going to determine the battery costs??? It’s a part. Why is that part going to be a variable cost? Are they just going to charge what they feel like charging? Also in a case like this why can’t the pack be inspected and repaired as required? Others have demonstrated that you can disassemble and repair these battery packs why not the manufacturer? And if corporate is going to now be the decision maker why is that? Are dealers and techs not being adequately and properly trained to service and diagnose these cars?
This feels really fake and are they going bad often?
How can this meet the "green" requirement.  You have a brand new car being thrown away.   a gas car would last 30 years or more.  keep your Ev's they are not going to save the world.   More likely the opposite.
Hiw is writing off this vehicle good for the environment?
Anyone else notice on the estimate invoice in the "List & Net" price columns it says 6649.98 ? That doesn't total "56649.98" and the decimals all line up correctly as well, is this all just a typo error or is everyone involved just missing the obvious, or is it me??? Even so, the actual gigantic issue regardless of any possible mistakes is if the batteries actually cost that much more than the brand new selling price of the car is that it _points out the tremendous subsidies governments are pumping into the EV car manufacturing and selling industries, using tax dollars!!!_
If tires cost 60,000 on a gasoline engine vehicle, and only lasted 3-5 years, Would you buy one?
Sadly the most illogical part of this is due to that fact that this complete car, all of the many carbon foot print causing materials which collectively went into the assembly of such now will be relegated to disposal? How can this be environmentally friendly?
Kyle seems like a young driver, so I can see why he's intent on keeping his driving reputation intact re: insurance - but why would his insurance go up 50% for something that's not his fault? I thought everyone's elligible for one collision without rate increases anyway - did he already have one collision?  As for the almost-new vehicle with a possibly scratched battery - what happens to that car now? Cui Bono? A car with everything intact like that isn't going on a trash heap. Somebody, somewhere will be removing that battery to see if it's actually damaged or not - and if it is damaged, they'll replace the cells. If it's not, they'll get a new battery cover & sell the car on a used lot somewhere. Depending on who does it, they might just slap a new cover on it & sell it without checking. My point being of course, nobody's going to let a car that new go to waste.  What's the future of EV's going to be like? Separate insurance for batteries & cars? Bullet-proof battery covers? Will tech finally succeed & design something that takes any kind of battery, almost hot-swappable? Battery packs with zones that can be repaired or replaced rather than the entire battery as a whole?  I thought the answer back when Tesla released the first Model S, that gas stations would have spots an EV driver could park over, the used battery could be robotically removed & a charged one would be installed, while-u-wait, maybe 2 mins. Then I saw that human rat Elon touting a similar solution but it took way too long. Perhaps the industry as a whole could focus on adapting a solution like that, where battery tech would be shared & centralized & a standard could be agreed upon.  I hope something changes soon, since when my 2016 WRX finally croaks, I'm in the EV market & the Ioniq5 was a contender. If I could afford a Genesis GV-60 I'd never even look at the Hyundai. The KIA EV6 is so dreadfully ugly, I can't force myself to consider it.   I'll never know why anyone would get a rear wheel drive car in Canada, even in Vancouver where it hardly ever snows - but that's another topic altogether.
So was anything malfunctioning at all, or did he just bring it in to "check it out"?  I think he should've just kept it and continue driving it, even without the "warranty", assuming nothing was giving any alerts and the battery was functioning
What is the core charge?
I would really like to see a follow up video where you ask other manufacturers about their processes, what voids warranties, and battery replacement costs.
But why does it need replacement?Does it not work anymore?
Ev in Canada?? Seems illogical
Why anyone would buy these money pits, with the possibility of losing it all in a battery fire is beyond reason..
@motormouth List price for the battery was 6650 and labour was 1600. Why was there an extra 50k added onto the price of the battery repair?
They apparently need to have much better battery shields. Also why didn't he go to another shop that actually took the shield off?  Lastly EVs do not actually lower total emissions or carbon footprint in most places as the electricity is generated using fuels.
I wonder when people will learn that mining rare earth metals for these batteries and making these electric cars has more carbon footprint than driving a gasoline vehicle
Investigating battery costs? Reasons for the voided warranty?  With all due respect, if I were spending that much money on a BRAND NEW car, I would never think about this...
Mining for batteries components is contaminating, owning a EV a nightmare, selling or buying a used EV a risky business and getting rid of a void battery??
Did the battery stop working???
What is the reason of electric cars existence? To save enviroment? Is that even true - considering that purcahe price plus small accident repair costs equivalent of 2-3 petrol cars - not to mention natural resources needed for 2 car batteries.
Am I the only one not seeing the numbers?  Battery QTY 1, LIST and NET Price 6649.98... so where in the world is 1 x 6649,98 = 56,649,98 ???
One thing I don't understand. Was the car demonstrating issues that he took it in to get checked out in the first place? Was the car deemed unroadworthy because of the scratches?
The big question, IMO, is the car not driving like it should? OK, it hit some junk on the road, I do all the time with my ICE car and it's fine. If it's driveable and reliable still then why even replace it?
I wonder, how much of this is the shenanigans of dealers and dealers mechanics with the mentality of replace instate of repair, the idea of a shill is to have a lower link in the building process to avoid and protect the expensive parts.?
They can't test the battery?
Colour me skeptical
Wait a minute...what am I missing? When you look at that quote, it shows the list price and net price of the battery at 6,649.98. Then the Amount says 56,649.98. The Labor line is 1599.50 all the way across. Looks like a typo, with the 5 being added to the 6,649.98
How on earth can the battery cost more than the complete car? Someone is price gouging.
people are still buying Hyundai?
Where’s the math?  How does a $6649.98 unit price on the invoice become $56649.98 in the total?  Honestly, this looks like a typo to me.  Somehow a “5” was added to the price.    It still would have been over $8 grand for a battery that likely did NOT need replacing, but something isn’t right on that invoice and this whole story is suspect.
i think its a written mistake in the invoice, from whre the 5 number came?!!! it should be 6649.98 $, am i right?
Electric cars being better for the environment than a car running on gas is a myth. Battery production is very taxing on the environment. Plus, electricity is not fully green either.
Was there any functional loss to the efficiency of the battery? We don't know yet. Still, $60K CAD for a full battery replacement under warranty is stupid. Surely, there might be battery covers available for any EVs out there which a customer can purchase without breaking the bank, right?
lol how could a battery cost 56.000 dollars.. That is just absurd, - a Tesla replacement battery is around 16.000 dollars.. Smells like somebody is trying to milk the insurence company.
If the battery is so expensive, how were they able to sell the car cheaper than battery replacement cost?  This is really scary.
He kept on driving it, so im assuming the battery is still working, why does it need replaced? Another reason not to buy into the electric dream/nightmare. Also I hate having to deal with the canadian insurance mafia!
So are they selling their cars at a loss for market share or something? The battery is not custom built, it's normal mass produced for their cars. This just doesn't add up
A number of unanswered points in your vid.  Isn’t a warranty void for an accidental event illegal in Canada? Was the quote validated by Hyundai Canada and Korea.? Was there a second opinion?
Why are people still buying EVs? There's lots of these sorts of stories. I guess if you spend 55k on a small car then you aren't really using critical thinking.
It’s an at-fault accident in Canada if you hit unavoidable debris on the road? That’s lame as heck. In the States most insurers only consider it at-fault if you get into an accident or hit something else while evading.  Also, doubling your insurance premiums for 10 yrs?? It’s only 3 yrs here. Weird that there’s an instance of Canada being worse than the US for the consumer
What I don't understand is if the batteries are so expensive, how are the car manufacturers making money selling cars?
What happens if someone has 100% financed the vehicle, but the insurance company has decided that the depreciated value is than the remaining residual on the car loan? If the battery integrity is such a ticking time bomb, why would anyone want to own an EV?
Was the battery still functioning properly? If so, why not just keep the car and continue to use it?
How we justify a battery cost more then new car. It is a part of car and there are 100s of other parts. Does that mean other parts are worthless? It's not. Entire valuation process is flawed. If EV battery replacement cost is more then 10k I'd scrap the idea of buying EV. It's just not worth it.
So does this mean you’re warranty is void 10 minutes after driving off the dealer lot because stones and pebbles on the road which the road is made of or asphalt pieces caused light scrapes and scratches on a plastic protection cover on the bottom of a car it would be scratched or scraped within 10 minutes of leaving the dealer! That’s a pretty slick way for Hyundai to not pay out on liabilities!
Not to mention the amount of the materials that will be recycled to use in other electric cars. This sounds like a double jeopardy case if I ever heard one. The incentive is too high for the manufacturer to write the entire car off and recycle it. I’m sure there’s some sort of core charge on a $60k battery.
Lol... wanna buy another ev from us again? Lol... Don't worry,  if you need a battery in a year, we'll just scrap that car, and sell you another... and you'll buy it! 😂😂😂
Do the car still work fine?… Because is sound like that dealer tried to make the profit they didn’t do in the month
Where did the 5 come from
I am more confused as ever. How can a battery cost more than the sticker price of the car?
If any/all money saved by not going to the fuel pump isn't greater than the cost of battery replacement then surely what's the point of EVs
How can the battery be damaged when the cover was damaged??!! This sounds like a scam by the dealer! All these battery cars should be outlawed!
Why if they are saying his car is a write-off does that double his insurance?
This doesn't make sense for a replacement battery to be more than a car? Are Hyundai selling the "car" for free, and only charging for the "engine", losing money on each sale?
Is this one of the reason why there is a big push for EV - so corporations can get more money from consumers?
How can the "round part" widen? Isn't there a similar hole further back?
On another note. How much fosil fuel was used to get raw materials from mine to battery delivered to assembly line?  Pretty much the "not in my backyard" mentality. Most countries use fosil fuels to produce electricity.
Battery costs are influenced by other factors. What is the dealer going to do with your old battery once its removed? Is there a technician qualified enough to replace it at the dealership? While all these questions are in a grey area, so are the costs. Buyer Beware.
I'm lost so was there anything actually wrong with the battery? Like performance problems?
On the estimate the List Price for the battery shows $6,649.98, why is the Total showing $56,649.98?  Seems odd.
How can a part cost more then the car?.. Thats doesnt make sense
Why would insurance companies ever choose to insure these cars if they are so vulnerable?
If you take a close look at the invoice, there’s actually a typo. I’m guessing this typo for the list and net price which shows $6698 instead of $56,698. Then in the last column, it shows total price $56,998.
Who would buy an EV or even a hybrid vehicle knowing this?
I'm pretty sure if a battery is damaged it will show on the dash right ?   As for saving the environment evs are not , now they write off brand new cars which means all the mining that was done to produce that battery was a waste .
It's almost like that dealer doesn't want people to buy EVs....  I wonder if that coincides with Hyundai's rather low average profit of 900$ per vehicle.
Why wasn't the cover taken off and the individual cells load tested   for degradation yeah it takes time but it only takes one unhappy customer to take away 1000s of happy ones and impact the bottom line
Is your battery not functioning as before the trip or is it just a physical damage to the underneath cover ? This is what you have to find out yourself, Kyle.
It looks to me like the List and Net prices are $6649.98, not $66,649.98 and the labor is $1599.50 for a total of $8249.98. The final price shows as $56649.98 for the battery.  What’s up with that? The 5 should just be a dollar sign.
And Kyle turns around and wants to purchase an new car from the same company??????????????  SMH
Just had a thought about self driving, what if you impact a piece of road debris, who is on the hook if the batteries are damaged in any way, and if you didn’t prepare for any unseen hazards? Oh boy, it will be a mess!
So wait, the quote was from a body shop and not the dealership????
Why would anyone buy a Hyundai/Kia/Genesis to begin with?
Were there any functional issues with this battery?
If they can sell the whole car for +/- 60k......how in the hell is does the battery alone equal the cost of the whole car..?   This is a straight ripoff.
If I buy the Ionic, how do I even sell the car 5 years later? How do I guarantee the next owner that the battery is still good? That would be like selling someone a car with a blown engine, and such a scenario would make the seller subject to a lawsuit.
My friends nissan leaf battery replacement cost was $13,000. Battery life also goes down every year and what is going to happen to all of these used batteries? What is the impact on earth? I am not getting a battery powered vehicle anytime soon. Love my 24 Palisade calligraphy and my 22 2ss 1le manual v8 camaro😁
Did the damage actually effect the battery? If not leave it alone….
Would love to know the margin Hyundai and the dealer are taking on this pack.  Likely cost about $15k, Hyundai charging dealer $30K and dealer doubling to $60K to screw customer or insurance Co.
how is the just eh battery of the car cost more then the battery+the rest of the car
EVs are still seen as clean, renewable energy? 🤣🤣🤣
By looking at this person they are also taking advantage of his youth Would they pull this with an older person?
This is also super messed up with the insurance. They’ve seen this nominal impact damage; further not cause by at fault action/liability. I’d consider a lawyer to address this unfair designation as a bad driver over small scuffs.  Insurance should alternately adjust their premiums according to vehicle cost risks.
When will buyers learn? There is no advantage buying an EV
What about the warranty?
Hyundai is such a scam?
I wonder if the recycling cost of the battery is greater than the value of the goodies inside of it.
$60K for a battery replacement? I would never buy one of these cars.
A small nudge could damage the "battery cover" & impacted the battery which could cause fire, which eventually needed to salvage the vehicle. Should we question about the craftsmanship of Hyundai & rethink the whole idea of EV?
when are people going to wake up and stop trusting governments and car makers, their motivation has nothing to do with saving the planet.
Can I pick one up at Napa?    😂😂😂😂
Why is that battery cover integral with the battery?  That is a huge engineering issue. And cash grab.  Aren’t electric vehicles wonderful…
I never heard of the “damaged” battery still worked as original? I mean, does the old battery work or not? There should be a test process that can actually evaluate the old battery. If it works fine, move on with life. But paying $60k for a new battery is stupid. Why would anyone buy one of those vehicles?
where is consumer protection
What if what he hit was an object on roadway, like a rock from nearby hill, than is the governments liability to repair
How could a battery be void by normal driving or accidents, non abuse
Since cars are made in a setting where alot of inspections are done like 10% inspection and the rest is assumed to be fine until inspections start showing out of spec, most specs are not recorded, what was the original gap at the time of the cars sale? was it documented somewhere? if not the dealership will lose in court
Wonder has the local ministry of transportation had evaluate such risk to protect interest parties... 🤔
Isn't the protector made to protect the battery? How can the warranty be void if the protector didn't do its job? A lawyer would be welcome but it is expensive, and of course go to a new insurance company. I had a battery issue with a Skoda Enyaq, took 3 months to fix, the brand tried to make me pay saying I surely passed over a bump too quickly, which I rejected and asked for full diagnostic of the battery and real root causes and they paid the repair. They just have no idea. But this case is unbelievable!
I wonder how much all the work on your face costs?
Why is the EV industry shooting themselves in the foot? Sounds like massive profiteering to me. Instead of getting them to buy new vehicle rather than a new battery, less people will be buying EV’s if they know they’ll have to replace the car in 10 years time. Crazy.
I would ask them to prove that the damage caused the battery failure. They are only guessing at this point.
The question is Why are you buying EV’s? Do you believe Climate Change is your responsibility and you want to do your part? If so your special , you hang in there sunshine. Just keep doing exactly what the government tells you because they have your best interest in mind. It don’t matter how crazy it seems, this fellow will buy another one soon.
Does it need to be fixed at all?
Was unaware Economic Rape was ECO thing?
Simple question… how can a single part cost more than the whole…. Answer…? It’s a markup scam….
What is the point of a warranty if it does not apply when things go wrong from regular driving?
Did the car stop running or something? Why even raise a stink for a small scratch you’ll never see?
I always ask for my old parts back when I get repairs.
Is Hyundai Canada and Head Office one in the same?
60k for a battery? lol
Why do the list and net prices state $6649 and the the amount jumps to $56649?
I'm curious... In Canada, can't you have in your insurance contract a "bonus protection" that would prevent your insurance cost from increasing in case of accident? It exists in other countries (I live in Switzerland and I can have 2 accidents without affecting my insurance cost)
Have you saved a convincing amount of fuel now?
why would someone buy one ?
Maybe the new business model for EVs should then be leasing battery packs (probably a terrible idea). EV owners can have the chance to replace their battery packs free of charge in this case and let the car company take the risk, with a subscription fee of course (or be part of their insurance premium specific to EVs). Or they can buy off the car as it is.
It's not impossible for the repairs to cost more than the vehicle at the vehicle was paid for with government subsidies.
I would question that the battery protection panel did not do it's job and it is faulty of Hyundai to sell such a car that isn't properly protected.  If Kyle didn't go to the dealership for inspection and it did burst into flames in a parade and cause serval fatalities then what for Hyundai?
surely they can check tthe batteries and just replace the cover if the valuable bits are ok imagine having to replace your engine because your bumper had dent
Hmmm!  They must be made by Apple.
It really was never about the environment was it?
I just dont understand why the tech at the dealer didnt remove the skid shield? And why THEY didn't contact Hyundai Canada support.  I've worked at Ford dealerships my whole working career and can honestly say a lot of the people working in them have no business near cars.  Did the owner actually have issues with the car? Just curious why it was brought to them in the first place.
Really, a 60,000 Hyundai???  There are so many better cars out there for less than 60K.
ummm not sure this true.... google it
Who would buy a car with ANY component of that car costing that much?!
Selling cars at a loss, someone is making money somewhere, question is who.
??? Why didn't the mechanic remove the cover, check the battery, if said battery is ok, replace the cover....this is nuts...
My qestion would be, what happened to the car once it was written off as there must be great value in the car
Did anybody catch it’s clearly a typo ? Are really people really that dumb for not catching it on this video
Is it possible to not scratch the cover?
How can just one component of a car cost more than the entire car?  That's crazy.
How long was the battery warranty?? 12 months? That's insane.
tell us you bought the wrong EV without saying you bought the wrong EV.  🤣
So why would anyone in Canada buy this car knowing you would never run over anything on the road in BC 😵‍💫😵‍💫😵‍💫
If the replacement battery cost $60,000 i wonder how much did she bought that new car.
The problem with this is the ledger doesn't make any sense, it looks like a clerical error in the price.    List price is 6649, ordered 1, that does not equate to $60,000
Why would a claim affect his driving record? There’s something wrong there.
For a show called motormouth, how do you justify knowing so little about the state of automotive industry?
Some investigative journalists must do some investigation on these write off for parts. I have my serious doubts whether there is a nexus between dealership and insurance company to write off repairable vehicles to condemn them and turn it over to some third party to strip them for parts. Parts are hard to come by these days and this trend of write off seems to be catching speed. Something somewhere is not right.
Why not just use the fuckin car???
List price on the invoice is 6,649.99, but by the total column it’s 56,649.99. Did someone accidentally add a 5, or is the 5 not shown on the List column due to spacing?
Thank you very much for the video and the work you have done on this. I have some questions to the invoice shown between 3.21 to 3.30 and 6.36 to 6.46 min. The list goes as follows on this invoice List shows 6649.98, Net shows 6649.98 and the Final Amount jumps to 56649.95, Why. Labour on the same invoice List 1599.50, Net 1599.50 and Final Amount 1599.50. If the battery would cost this much we should all go to Hyundai because we get the rest of the car for free and only pay for the battery. I get that a battery is more expensive at this point, however, these items have a huge mark up I am sure. The most expensive battery pack I have seen so far was 21.000 as a replacement for a luxury brand EV. I get Hyundai has a higher volt charging system but in the end we are talking about rechargeble batteries and we work with them since the 90's in cellphones and other electronic devices.
Why is it $60000 CDN for a new battery? It makes no sense. Look at the Kona battery replacement. It cost less than $11000USD (less than $15000 CDN) to replace the battery and that included the labour. What is up with the inflated price? It comes straight off the LG assembly line for a 1 year old car. Hyundai doesn't even make the battery.
can't he just get a used battery for cheaper?
The plastic impact cover did not do it's job go figure what made Hyundai think that a cover made of plastic would protect anything
What is the evidence there is any problem at all with the battery?  If the info is available, why don't you include it in this video?  Sounds most like the dealer is unethical.
Lower foot print? When it takes 10 years to catch up on the emissions difference of production alone. Prodution for EV takes a lot more energy then a ICE cars
The more I hear about battery costs the less I want I get an EV. Perhaps Hybrid is better. I’m sticking to my hardcore Toyota V6.
50% insurance increase for scratching the bottom of your car??? wth is wrong with Canada??
15:00 I wonder how much is gas in canada or something, but again, here in estern europe is about 1.75usd per liter [8USD/gal!] and ev charging is more expensive then gas. But i guess not for some special ev owners :D
Why does the invoice NET list price for the battery of $6649.98, become $56,649.98 , in the TOTAL colum ?
Why was there a random 5 added to the front of the cost of the battery on the invoice- list" and "net" say 6649.98, which seems like an appropriate battery cost, then a random 5 added to the front of it under "amount". Labour is the same across the sheet. I feel like this is a simple typo mistake that's been blown up.
What is a “battery protection cover” for if it’s not there to protect the battery? The cover should “protect” the battery.  If the battery is now bad then the “protection cover” failed to do its job and protect the battery. Faulty design? Sue the manufacturer for faulty or poor product design!
What is wrong with you all?! Battery is not damaged, why you chose to believe in the obvious lie? Was the last huge global lie not enough? I thought this was eastern european thing, but i see this lyies, well honestly let's call it what it is,  fraud behavior i see daily in eastern europe so much in media in west that makes me wonder whether west did catch up with eastern europe - weird that this as the goal.
why can't he just continue to drive the car?  Was there some problem before he went to the dealer other than a slight dent and scratches?
Don't feel bad Tesla charges $30,000 for a battery pack change in some of their high end cars and Toyota will charge $3,000 for the battery alone about one year ago, how ever this is for a Hybrid Prius Nickel Metal Hybrid battery  and the is only for the battery not including labor?
If a single part costs more than the car new, how much are they losing on every vehicle sale?
Why would his insurance go up?  He didn't cause an at-fault accident.
The burning question is how much did insurance pay out?
Why wouldnt he get insurance involved to deem it totaled?
Isn’t that what a skid plate is made to do? Protect what ever is under the skid plate? Scratches on the skid plate means nothing.
Why is everyone glazing over the fact that the battery is actually fine and this is just a big insurance scam?
To 'The Greens'   : What percentage BY WEIGHT is recyclable with a battery car? Fifty percent? Now compare with ICE car.
Hummmm. i wander what Tesla's take on this is.
Sounds like this is a defective design
So if there are scratches in the battery protection cover under the car, it voids the battery warranty???   That is such BS!!!  Covers can be scratched from normal wear and daily driving.....
So if he were to have gotten into an accident and the battery was damaged, would that also have voided the warranty?
Wait. Didn't they see the mistake on the invoice? The price for the part was $6449.98 in both the list and net columns. Then someone fat-fingered the amount column and hit an extra digit, making the price $50000 over list and net price. If you search the part number, you can find that battery online for $6334.93. I think the real news story here is that nobody investigated anything.
But what's wrong with the car? Scratches? So what? This doesn't seem to be the whole story
Andrea, My wife is dying to know the brand of your jacket you are wearing in this video
Doubt battery was actually damaged.Suspect a scam.
I always ask everyone, what happens to your cell phone after a couple years of use? The battery drains quicker and loses capacity right? What do you think happens to these plug in cars? Also, auto makers never want to cover normal cars half the time. What makes anyone think they will cover these expensive things?
The biggest question I have is, how does a 15 year old afford a 60,000 dollar car?
I don’t get  it …It’s   a very small scratch  but  the  question is  now how come  the battery compartment is not well protected.  They could simple use steel plate  and not plastic cover. To me  it’s all Hyundais fault..Dude get  a lawyer.
A related question is about the 48V mild hybrid batteries in some vehicles. These batteries cost about $3K and another $1.5K in labor to replace. In most cases they will be out of warranty when replacement arrives.
Isn’t the protector cover there to take scratches instead of battery?? This is crazy… If anything it’s Hyundai’s fault for manufacturing a protector cover that is not up to the task.
I’ve been seeing a number of these types of issues popping up. The reality is setting in. 😄 also what will happen when the car gets old and they don’t make a new battery for it anymore? I have an old laptop that they don’t make a battery for anymore. I have an old camera they don’t make batteries for anymore. You can’t make every EV battery in the same shape and format without making all EV’s identical. So at some point when the manufacturer changes designs, your battery may be obsolete, then when your battery quits, your vehicle is done!
Isnt it a protective cover for a reason. Sounds like the dealership are conartist.
whats wrong with  your top lip? the one on the passanger side
Do they even have proof that the battery is damaged?  They can't just change the cover out?  That's a design flaw and Hyundai should be responsible for the battery.
Stealership?
How many potatoes is that?
Before buying an electric car, find out replacement cost of parts first.
So the battery cost $60k does that mean rest of the Hyundai car is free ? mhh dont think they really cost $60k? That business model does not work for Hyundai saying the battery is 100% cost of the car which is rubbuish  meaning every other part the manufacture makes a loss on building the car.
Hope they offered some lubricant with that battery replacement.
Why wouldn’t he just continue to drive it?  Apparently it operates fine.
I’m Canada, is a “write-off” the equivalent of a total loss?
I wonder if that's due to government involvement. All the subsidies the government  puts out doesn't help when it comes to repairs.
If the battery by itself costs more than the sales price of the entire car, then Hyundai is selling their EVs at a loss?  As in, the entire cost of building the rest of the car around the battery? Think the easy lesson here is not to buy an EV.
Makes one wonder what/who the protective battery cover protects. I'm not against EVs but I don't think this would be the case in an ICE vehicle
Why did the guy go to the dealer in the first place? Who goes gets a car inspected when nothing is wrong with the car?
The mechanics didn't take the cover off! Are they employing children? Surely a new bash plate is all that is required, if that?
What is this nonsense? You have a scratch on a battery cover? Who is the idiot here. Hyundai, Insurer, or the owner. Hard to decide. Stupid all over.
No.  This is dealer negligence or a scam.  And are you suggesting non EV caf owners never get scammed?  🤡👍👍👍
How can Thay make money selling a car cheaper than the battery cost something a little fishy on the pricing someone seems to be trying to make a killing for the battery no way they going to sell you a car 1000 cheaper than the battery cost
Does the insurance get to keep the car? Can they sell it without warranty on the battery to recoup the cost?  If so, sounds like the insurance company would benefit because they can sell the car well bellow market and charge more premiums and still make profit in the long run. The dealer probably just didn't want to deal with the problem and decided to give an insane quote knowing that insurance would just write it off.  So dodgy insurance + lazy dealer is a possible theory to me.
The invoice looks like a typo…the battery pack is a single unit that goes for $6649 then the last line it’s at $56649…it’s a typo
🎉Presumably even if buying a pre-owned EV it would also be necessary to inspect the battery cover carefully as if “scratched” you could inherit a very expensive repair if later deemed to be “out of warranty” because of the prior damage?
The battery was not tested, how do they know it's the battery ? It's hard to imagine that all the cells in a battery are dead in a 1 year old car.
The invoice shows 6,649 list and net so how does it jump to 60,000?
There’s something really fishy about Hyundai’s technical process in this situation. Why wasn’t the battery inspected, should the battery have been “visually unaffected”… why was a replacement battery cover not recommended??  This is the future of EV’s! Non-environmentally friendly disposable products that are worthless after 8yrs due to longevity, are cost prohibitive to repair and can’t be repaired by 3rd parties or privately… everything being coded, even insurance companies will be able to void claims because they’ll be able to access vehicle data from the manufacturer.
Dad, what does "EV" stand for?   Mobile Crematorium son, Mobile Crematorium !!!!!
Why would anyone switch to an EV knowing this now?
Why so much? The batteries should be cheap, being mined by child and slave labour and all.😂😂😂
List price 6600...marked up to 56k.... Isnt this illegal?
I don't understand that invoice, it shows for the battery list=6649.98, net=6649.98 amount=56649.98. Is there a typo and it should only be 6649.98 which seems a reasonable battery price, or is the 56649.98 too wide to fit into the list and net column?
How many years worth of gasoline for 61,000 dollars?
So if the battery claim will be handled by Hyundai Canada from now on, how much is the cost of new battery?   Still $60k?     Please be transparent, Hyundai Canada.
Did Kyle notice any decline in the car's range after the cover of the battery was damaged?
May be I don't understand something, but looking at the invoice @ 3:24 the battery costs 6.6K. Where does extra 50K come from?
Buying a Korean product and expecting quality?  😂
And does anyone wonder why Tesla does not use dealers?
Did the car just stop running?  I don't get it...
So how do they explain that car with all of it's part AND the battery costing less than the battery alone. Something is seriously screwed up in that system.
Who would buy a Hyundai anyway?
How the hell could those little scratches destroy the battery? I don't understand
Pondering how long it will take me to burn $60k worth of diesel in my truck.
What if one does not have comprehensive insurance.
Buy an EV car to save on gasoline?  Heck, you can buy an awful lot of gasoline for that C$60k.
Why would someone buy a EV knowing that battery replacement is so expensive
I am more confused that he took that car for off road.
So what happens now when some dummy puts a new cover on that battery and sells the car to some person in the market?
Something is very wrong here as a new replacement Hyundai IONIQ 5 battery is £11,200 before fitting in the UK, and then £1k to have it fitted.   I have been fitting replacement batteries to high-mileage taxis Teslas for the last 2 years, and they normally cost around £10k.
So the entire EV car minus the battery isn't worth much brand new.  About a few thousand dollars. Can I just buy the car sans the battery?  I will mod it and put in regular acid batteries.  Bam, brand new EV that costs way less.
Don't you have lakes in Canada?. Take it to a lake, do what you have to do, and file a theft claim.
Also, what happens to the old battery pack? If it ends up in landfill, that’s not green at all!
If the battery protector didn't protect the battery, surely it should be classed as a defective part or not fit for purpose?
Buy it to save $$? HA I dont think so screw evs' and stay with gas
I mean, take any car, be it EV or ICE, with any kind of protection cover on the undercarriage, what are the odds of it not being scratched up after driving it for several years.
There is absolutely no way that the battery pack cost $60,000. How are they able to sell a new vehicle for $55,000? The protection plate is there to get scratches, dings and minor dents.
So on the quote, how does a list and net price of $6649.98 translate into a $56649.98 amount to pay?  If you look at the labour that all carries straight across at the same $1599.50 cost.  So, where does the extra $50,000 get added for the part cost?  It looks like there was an error on the quote, and a 5 was added to the total price to make it $56,000.
The real question here, whether the battery needs replacing or not, is... Why does changing out the battery cost $60K?!! Most companies selling EVs do not make a profit on the single sale of those EVs. Is this their plan to turn a profit on EV sales overall?
So now the first thing to do after buying an ev car is, attach another metal slab to protect the protection cover?
Is the car even worth 60K new?
Could you please ask the manufacturer to clarify the warranty terms “warranty voids if the battery is impacted “?!
What is the point of a protection cover?
3:26 why does the list price only say 6649.98 ? We're did the 5 come from in the amount section?  I think it's a miss print there's no way that's real thing
So wait, is the car immovable? Is there no power to that electric vehicle... there's no issue if the vehicle is operational. However in some cases where accidents are concerned, there can be some accidents where cost to repair the damages may exceed the book value of the car...   evs are wack in my opinion
Did anybody realize on the amount it says 6649.98 somebody accidentally added a 5 before that 6649
Maybe I'm missing something but on the list and net price its showing $6649.99 but in the final tally column its $56649.99. Not sure how it jump $50,000 between columns
Aren't car batteries modular? If they are, the why not replace inly the affected area? If they aren't then why aren't they?
What I don't understand ... Why is the EV battery is located in an area that could be easily impacted from road hazards? I wonder if vehicle designers addressed potential driving risks to the underbody 'protection' cover and EV battery integrity. It sure doesn't seem so.
Look at the invoice shown in the video at around 3:19 - is there a typo and the actual battery cost for part no 37501-GI351 $6649.98 as shown in the List/Net column as opposed to $56649.98 shown in the Amount column?
Well I guess I won't be getting an EV as I can't afford A car and a battery that costs more than a new car. Which asks the question, how can a battery cost more than a brand new car?
so why is the battery so expensive?
Don’t they have claims protection in Canada?
The Hyundai Motor company is renown for selling you cheap cars but bankrupting you later with exorbitant spares.  It's a known fact worldwide.  How on earth can the vehicle costs $55k when new, but the replacement battery itself cost $60k?  Is Hyundai trying to imply that the car body, electric motor and upholstery all costs nothing?  Ridiculously absurd.
Can everybody say scam ??
Overpriced parts, dealership price gouging and using fear tactics,  whats new about this?
They wonder why people  is not buying  these cars
Why anyone still buys these manufacturers like Hyundai, KIA, Ford GM, Chrysler, BMW is really beyond me.  You just rarely hear these issues with Toyota, Honda, Mazda.
I think the real issue here is, why a replacement battery for an electric vehicle costing more than the price of a new car? It appears to be price gouging, surely the price the manufacturer pays for these batteries is far less than the retail price of the vehicle? Unless of course, there is a loss leader component where the manufacturer intends to make significantly more profit by gouging through servicing and spare parts.
This story just doesn’t add up at all. Who the hell writes off a car because the protective battery cover got scratched? If the car still drives fine and there are no errors, then I’d say that the repair place are liars and are ripping him off, and he’s fallen for it, or at least stitched himself up.
Am I insane or is the protective cover over the battery actually meant to take scratches so the battery doesn't? Isn't this exactly how it was supposed to work?
Off-road vehicles come with metal skid plates to protect a $10000.00 motor. Maybe they shouldn’t use plastic that could be bent from a hard piece of snow that protects a $60000.00 battery
Are you sure this isn't an accounting error?? Reading the invoice that is shown in the video, the unit price of a battery is $6,667. 1 x 6,667 does not equal 56,667. I think somehow "5" has been added to the totalled column. Has this aspect been investigated??? By anyone? Customer, Zack and Andrea? Dealer, Hyundai? ICBC? Can any one shine a light on the invoice discrepancy? Is there an accountant in the mix??
I'm confused with the pricing shown.  Prices shown are  "List" at $6649.98, "Net" at $6649.98, and then "Amount" at $56,649.98?  Where did that $50,000 difference come from?
This is an elephant in the room, how much will insurance be once all cars are electric. In the UK EV insurance is already rising.
Where did the extra $50,000 come from? I think some one messed up the price, It shows the list price of the battery as $6649.98.
Man has an accident and runs over something in the road he claims of his insurance then complains his insurance is going to go up ?  A warranty is for manufacturing defects not accidental damage.
I just found this part for a price of 32K US. That’s 42K Canadian. Where is the extra 20 K coming from?
One would have thought that if such a small scratch could write off an entire battery system that sensors would be installed in the car and would light the dashboard up like a Christmas tree if severe damage was encountered by the battery. Why is such a system not part of all EVs? Also, if a replacement battery is dearer than the entire cost of the car does that mean Hyundai loses massive amounts of money on each car, or are they simply ripping their customers off on replacement batteries?
How is this different from hitting a deer .. and asking Hyundai to replace the front of car ...   Imo .. it's the drivers fault or just an accident
So why does he think he needs a new battery?
You keep mispronouncing Stealership! Is that a Canadian thing? 🙂 Just saying buy cars directly from the manufacturers
so the battery cost 60 grand , and the car minus battery  costs  - 1000 bucks..?
Seems like the cost of the battery, part # GI351, is listed at @ $6649.98. and invoice lists labor at $1599.50. If the labor amount is the same from BIN-LIST-NET-AMOUNT columns, then why is the cost of the part not the same as well? What multiplier do they use to make the part's cost jump from $6600 to $56000?
what's the process for tesla..?
That price is crazy, how can it possibly be that much? I drive a Tesla Model S Performance with a 100kWh battery pack and that is only 22,000 CAD.
"Why wasn't the protection cover taken off for an inspection of the actual battery?" Probably because the dealership technicians are terrified of the possibility of the battery blowing up in their faces or electrocuting them with 400 volts.
Is it just me or did someone simply fat-finger a 5 in front of the 6649.98 retail price and no one is reading the details?
So you maybe hit something that does no or little damage, and you replace the “ENGINE”?!?  ICE ICE BABY!!!
If the Fair market value battery pack is ~$26K (Canada) seems like the dealership is intent on killing EV with a hellacious mark up and an unwillingness to confirm the pack was actually damaged. Also, if the pack was damaged because the protection cover didn't do its job, isn't this on Hyundai? The owner should lawyer up against the dealer and Hyundai of Canada.
What does list and NET mean on the invoice? Is the actual cost of the battery really $6649.98 and they are making $50,000 on the repair?
so why is it 3 times the cost of replacing a Tesla battery pack (upper limit 5k-20k for out-of-warranty)?
So electric car owners always have to worry that if they run over a piece of junk on the road and it hits the battery cover they might be stuck with a big bill? Sheesh.
Isn’t it a failure of the protective cover not a warranty failure ?
I wonder how planet friendly electric vehicles are as they pile up in junk yards because there is no used market for them because no one with 1/2 a functioning brain cell will buy a used electric car knowing the battery is too expensive to replace. EV's, contrary to popular belief, are not saving the planet as the resources needed to build them far exceed that of a internal combustion engine and they have no resale value because of the battery. You can go to a junk yard and pick out a 50 year old, 60 year old or even older car that is still in tact and with minimal investment put it back on the road. That just isn't going to happen with an EV unless the battery prices drop by about 90%.
Did those Truckers ever get their money?
Why do people pay $55,000 in the first place for a Korean econobox?
At least Tesla can fix their own batteries, still a $10 000 repair. Why is Kia's battery $50 000 is a big question.
Seems to me that the Crown , Feds, should have a national insurance plan, like health care, for battery replacement. The car insurance plans, would just have you pay $60k over the planned battery life.
I would think that if the car was driving just fine, why not just ignore the " repair" and just keep driving.? There are also many battery repair shops coming into the needs of the public. But....batteries can explode...perhaps sell it and blow someone else up....tough choices. Bear in mind thousands of people and dealers, sell used , unsafe cars.
I read somewhere that even small fender-bender accidents can damage the main electric-car batteries internally.  Just a thought.
surely if they are writing the car off/voiding the warranty because the battery protection panel has been scuffed up then the battery protection is not fit for purpose ?
The issue for the rest of us is not the technical legality about ownership of liability. The issue is that the battery costs so much more than what most people think, let alone higher than the car itself.
The expense of a new battery is why I'm trying to decide whether I push my 2014 Nissan Leaf over a cliff now or in a  year or so, when I won't get more than a roundtrip to Costco out of it.
What's the point of a battery protection cover if any slight damage to that is treated the same as the battery being damaged? INSANITY !!!
Why replace? Is there any indication that the battery needs to be replaced? Does it no longer have the same performance? Let it be and replace the protection, drive on and that's it.
How do they go from $6649.98 to $56,649.98$ Can't they produce a document that will show the right numbers?
What if you don't own a home and have to park on the street bumper to bumper with other cars, where are all those chargers gonna go?
But the car is still drivable isn’t it?
Please remind me what is green about Electric Vehicles?  It’s all a Grand illusion. Don’t be fooled by radio, tv or magazine. They’ll show you photographs of how your life should be but their just someone else’s fantasy.
Will he buy another EV 😂
The car ran? So whats the problem? Other than electric cars being driven by non car people and its obvious in this case.
Sounds like a design flaw, which I am sure exists in other EV. Hopefully other manufacturers eill take note.
Is it me or is that a typo ?  The list/net price says 6649.98 but the amount says 56649.98, Looks like someone just added a 5 to the front of the price ?
Shouldn't the insurance give him a new car?? 🤔
So how is a customer meant to know whether an used EV's battery has been damaged? If the main dealer cant tell you, surely you'd be mad to buy a second hand EV from anyone!
How is the car's MSRP $60,000 if the battery alone is $60,000? Did I miss something here, did he purchase it new for a much higher price? Something doesn't add up here.
Do you not see that the replacement battery price of 50,000 dollars is a typo this is ludicrous. The replacement battery is 6,000 dollars. Come on now. The underwriter’s should be examined if this is real.
Ok so the car sells for 50K with a battery included upon purchase. How is it then possible that later just a new battery costs 60K?????  It makes no sense unless the mark up on a new battery is in the stratosphere. This is true I know for all replacement parts on cars but this is a new level never seen on any other part.
How do we not know the hole was not like that from the factory? Also why not just replace the cover? And what is the point of the cover if not for protection? If it ain't broken don't fix it.😡
If a battery protector doesn’t protect the battery, isn’t that a product failure? If the manufacturer’s failure voids the warranty, there is a problem.
Was there any issues with driving after the object impacted the protective cover. What happens when some one’s unaware of the damage and keeps driving. Would they be liable for any mishaps in the future?
So is the manufacturer sell the car at a loss?  The car cost $55,000 new, how does that compute?
List price 6,649.98, where does 56,649.98 come from? Maybe it's a typing mistake, 5 is next to 6!!
Good luck insuring EV’S in the near future. I’m also curious how home insurance companies are going to respond to fires caused by an EV parked in a garage.
Isn’t it a typo? I see 6.649 listed, but a Total of 56.649 $? That doesn’t seem right…..!
If the car was running fine, why go back to the dealer in first place?
Saving what environment? 🌎
I still wonder why people will buy this shit!!
Why everyone lies that EVs save money on fuel!? electricity on rechargers costs more then fuel
How can the battery possibly cost more than the car, which includes the battery? Are they taking a loss on every car they sell? Insanity.
EVs are ok, but it's still in the 'infant' stages. Would warranties for a car older than 2 yrs, cover the cost of a replacement battery? Doubt it.  There's no proper support or places where EV's can be charged (UK).☹ For the near future, I'll stick to petrol/diesel cars. 😇
Take the cover off and inspect the battery!
Something is very wrong. Didn't anybody see this? Look at the invoice - it looks like they added $50k to the price of the battery! It shows the battery at $6649.98
Why didn’t Kyle just look under his car and just see that there were only minor scrapes then do nothing about it? This whole thing sounds super silly to me.. Can open, worms everywhere.   But yeah, battery replacement is stupid on these EV’s. That’s why insurance is insane on these cars. The EV movement will never catch on with all these hurdles in place.
And…the government controlled carbon tax keeps rising in Canada making fossil fuel vehicles increasingly unaffordable…?!
What did the insurer do with it? Give it to Hyundai?
That the battery is 57k is THE issue. Is that the price Hyundai needs to make a reasonable margin on it - I think it does or is very close to- then the cost of insurance on these vehicles is going to be very high and the life expectancy of these vehicles before being financially totalled is going to be far less than ICE vehicles.
looking at that reciept, it looks like a typo or is there just not enough space? the battery says 6649.98 and the amount says 55649.98
So his insurance increasing rates significantly after each accident?
I thought EV was supposed to be cheaper in the long run? I'll keep to my gas vehicle for now.
There appears to be something a little haywire with that dealer invoice. It shows the list and net price for the battery as $6649.98 but somehow the amount for the battery shows as $56,649.98. Could it just be a simple typo that no one caught or followed up on?
You might think if the manufacturer is *that concerned* about a one-centimetre gap in a battery shield, that a warranty claim should pay for at least the inspection of the battery, and if need be, a swap-out so the old battery doesn't become a lithium bomb.  Charge labour if you must, but at least the customer doesn't get a permanent record as a reckless driver with the insurance boards.
Why did he take the car to the shop? What was the complaint? What if he just kept driving it?
Anyone else notice the LIST and NET amounts are 6,649.98, but the Amount is 56,649.98  (Think they just added an extra "50,000" for no reason, or is it a typo?  - Minute 3:27 of the video   (And yes, the quantity is listed as "1")
0:20 what about the battery warranty… My 2021 Tesla has a warranty until 2029 or 192000km or 120000miles…🫣
I wonder if they're going to crush that car, or "Salvage" it by bending the guard back into place and retailing it??
This reeks of scam.  And even if it there isn't some kind of subterfuge happening, it takes a really poor design for a little road debris strike to damage a battery through a plate.  The plate should be design to protect the battery under any reasonably forseeable events and things like rocks and metal chunks do exist on the road and are not an uncommon encounter to the belly of a car.  And 60 grand for a battery for a 55 grand car?  How does that even happen?  The original car had a battery in it, along with at least 20-30 grand worth of other car parts.  When a new ford blows a head gasket or a new chevy's transmission falls apart, those are jobs that might cost a quarter to half the price of the car.  Seems like that's on the same level as a battery probably should be.
How good is for environment to replace a car battery? Isn't that a form of pollution? ....
lol so what’s the point of the protection cover if not to protect the battery? So protection cover damage equates to battery damage? Seems like they should probably move the battery to a different location then. Cause driving in America with a lot of our terrible roads with pot holes, debris and etc. there’s no hope for people with these electric cars. Crazy
When is this EV scam going to be over!
And people wonder why most do not want to deal with the headaches of the EVs.
Why would you want one? Ev’s are a pipe dream in their current setup.
I'd be curious how much the battery truly cost.  Dealers sell at list price, that is not the same as cost.  Some industries mark up parts, especially tech parts as much as 400%.  So in the end, it's greed once again causing issues.  That battery may have cost Hyundai as little as $15k, and they should be able and willing to scale the price to help customers instead of robbing them.   I'm also surprised that this dudes insurance would double for the next ten years for this.  Is Canadian insurance that strick or was this guy already high risk?
Where’s the profit in selling a vehicle when the battery cost more than the vehicle?  Obviously it’s selling the battery at an overinflated price.
No inspection that. scratches on the protection pack removes warranty then why fit a protection pack at all
What happened to the car, was it resold with a salvage title?
Why would anyone buy a Kia/hyundai electric car? Tesla seems to be the best option for electric
The other problem is the insurance company. Even if this was a different issue, who the hell wants to pay double their premiums because they have a claim?
How much does Hyundai pay for the original battery … do you just buy a battery and they “throw in a car” with it???  I want to “believe” that EVs are a good thing but I’ve seen a lot in my 74 years and I am not convinced!  I’ve heard similar stories with Tesla as for now I’m running with gas ⛽️
What did he drive over to damage the plate? Leasing my ev, buying a gas car when lease is over!
This is making me think twice before buying an EV.
was the battery actually defective?
So if average ev lasts about 8-10 years and goes to landfill.  Why people buy it?
Surprised insurance would even cover it has he ran over a stationary object sitting on road.
This does not make sense how can the manufacturer produce a car where the battery cost more than the car. I wonder if i am missing something?
How does one impact the underside of the vehicle like that under normal circumstances?
What would happen if they said that the battery is OK, but a year from now, the battery causes a home fire that kills the entire family?
If the battery was not damaged why did he take the car to the dealer.. just keep driving
So the list price of battery is basically 100% the price of the car?  So if you need a new windshield it's free?
Has anyone bothered googling for that battery part number 37501GI351 in order to find out what it actually cost? I get a price for it around USD 6334.00. Someone has to be scamming someone here.
How many people are rushing to cancel their Hyundai order?
The unit price on that quotation said $6499.98, so where did the extra $50k come from?
What did he hit that he thought he avoided. How fast was he going in relation to the posted speed limit. Plus you don't take your car for inspection if you think you didn't hit something. As to the dealer, 60 grand for a battery swap is heinous. One or both parties is being economical about being forthcoming.
Why does the battery cost $60,000?  I thought batteries were about 40% of the cost of car, so maybe $22,000.   I know replacement parts have a large mark up but it still makes little sense.  It must be a significant factor why EV insurance seems very expensive.
What kind of math do they teach up in Canada??? The list cost of the battery is $6,649.98. Maybe I don't understand, am I the dumbass here? 😮
What would be the situation be if you leased the car? Would the lease company expect you to get it repaired using your insurance?
Are you sure it's not a typo in the document? I mean it shows in the picture 6649.98 at list and net but then at amount there's an extra 5 in front of 6649.98.
If theres NOTHING wrong with the battery whats the problem  If it DOSENT recharge then theres a problem       TINY scratch on the under tray protection
Wil normal car drivers insurance go up to pay for EV`s?
whats more important is after 5 years or so when the car actually needs a new battery you basically have a nice 60,000 dollar lawn  ornament
I don't recall hearing similar stories from Tesla????
Car makers and their dealers have been ripping off people for years with the cost of the battery are EV's worth the money ??
and the old battery i wonder how they dispose of that?? more crap into the environment no doubt and they are trying to tell us battery cars are better than fuel cars, yeah right! we believe ya!
how can the battery cost more than the car??????? This is insanity!
why is there no core price for rebuild parts ? IE re and re a starter , return your old one and get credit , 30-40 % of a new battery
Can we assume the skid plate is intigral with the battery case itself? Why? Who would design it to be as cheap as welding it on? Hmmm, lets think this all the way through..... Lol!
Hasn't anyone noticed that invoice has an obvious typo error. They've added a 5 before the 6. The real price would be 50 grand less. Still too much, but not worth this level of investigation.
How can a fair price for a battery be more than the new cost of an entire vehicle manufactures should be tied to maximum 25% of new vehicle cost for battery replacement
If there was no damage to the battery in the car still charging ran fine why didn't you just continue to drive it?
So was there actually anything wrong with the cars performance due to the scratches on the car?  The story is a bit confusing and boring.
Wonder if consumers can buy any car at a discount without guarantee, minus the guarantee worth? Cost of car insurance could cost more.
but ioniq 5 battery pack cost only 6000 why dealer put one more 0 on price ... wtf?
Even if the battery cost was $50,000 or 40,000 what rational minded person would agree to buying that car knowing how easily it is to damage the protection plate. Scraping the bottom on a normal engine won't turn it into a potential bomb. So much for the glorious ownership of an EV.  😂
They should have taken the cover off and look at the battery?  My opinion is that it's easier for the dealer to say the battery needs to be replaced so they won't have any liability, than to actually investigate and tell him it's still good.
I’m confused. You hit something looked under the car and had a couple scratches. Ok, so, was the car acting up? Were there any errors or codes thrown? If the car still ran and drove fine why on earth would you take it to be fixed? Based on the pictures there was no reason to be concerned or take it to the dealer.
The itemized invoice shows just 6,649.98 for both List & Net and yet the extension is 56,649.98 - Computer formatting issue? Odd if it is. I would have expected the cents to have been dropped.
When a protection cover cannot get scratched, how is it protection? This whole ev scam is actually horrible for the environment,imagine a new car written off bc of a few scratches? Just ordered a car. In my country many are drawn to these Koreans luckily I am not.
How is steel gonna widen on its own?? That makes no sense.
But how can a car been sold less than the cost of the battery in the first case
Nice story, but what about the Tesla's, MB's , Audi's. I had a Tesla X and this junk of a car cost me a fortune and headaches. Thats why I got rid of it. Now I driving a Ionic 5 and I want never go back to a Tesla. the problem with the scratch is one in a million. Bjut thats with a car brands.
These cars have a super low ground clearance too.  Also, how does the owner know the bottom wasn't damaged in transit from the factory to the dealer?  Do customers need to inspect the bottom when they buy it? I've also heard an EV manufacture voiding the battery warranty because the customer drove the car in the rain and water got into the battery. (True story) Really green when the whole car gets totaled because of a battery issue... (Not)
Why would this guy spend 60k to buy a Korean made EV whole he could have got a Tesla or German EV for the same price. I personally would not spend over 40K for a Japanese or Korean family car.
Amazed no one has commented on how the list and net price on the invoice for the battery is $6,649.98 and then somehow jumps to $56,649.98 in the last column???
How many kids in the Congo had to mine that battery? I'm sure they weren't paid 1% of that to mine it with their hands.
Thank you both for this.  So what happens if a person accidentally hits an animal. ie skunk, raccoon.  Will this void the warranty as well.  If the battery cover is damaged.
Why would anyone buy an EV at this point when it will be worth almost nothing during trade-in in 5 years time especially if the batteries cost more than the car itself? Plus batteries will degrade way quicker in Canada due to out weather anyway!
So in short, once you have damaged your protective plate due to driving, (like an accident), Hyundai gets to nullify your battery warranty.  Your insurance will pay for the full replacement cost of 60 thousand and take back the car.  You are now free to buy a brand new car with your 60 thousand grand.  Dealer should have evaluated damage better to determine if the 60 thousand full battery replacement was necessary but will actually benefit better from this full write off by possibly repossessing the car and be able to turn around make a resale. Question is how much does the insurance company sell the "salvaged" car to dealer or salvage car dealer for,  probably 20 to 30 grand.  I bet a few months from now, you'll be able to buy this very car for about 30 thousand which will be a sweet deal.  Kyle should be on the look out.  Kyle should make a case for his insurance company not to up his rate because it really wasn't a car accident or negligent driving.  The ridiculous charge for 60 grand is between Hyundai , the dealer and the insurance company.  It's no different from the health insurance business where an aspirin pill will cost 30 dollars while you are in the hospital.  Although this is a ridiculous situation and needs to be improved, I wouldn't hold it against purchasing a EV vehicle.
while this specific case sheds bad publicity towards Hyundai in general, my questions is this: 1) did kyle go try a different hyundai to see how much the battery will cost? 2) did the techs do their diligence and follow the correct procedures before telling kyle that the warranty is void? if kyle tried another hyundai, he may receive a different price quote. different locations will represent the company in the most positive way or in the most negative way. just my 2 cents
Did anyone actually look at the invoice?   From what I can see, the batters costs $6,649.98 - NOT $66,649.98!   What am I missing?   Look at the invoice line detail at 6:36.
How does this 'impact' the Tesla Cybertruck which is advertised as off-road vehicle.
Excuse me but the invoice says the battery costs $6649.98 not $60,000
How is scrapping brand new vehicles because of a scrape on the bottom considered green.
Do you remember the last this time this exact type of situation occurred with an ICE vehicle...where a minor road hazard impacting the bottom of the car resulted in the writing off and forced disposal of the entire vehicle?   Take your time, I will wait.
How about someone doing some proof-reading on the battery price listed on the invoice?  Price is 6649.98  Where did that "5" digit in the ten thousands column come from? I see some bad math. Shape up people and fully understand everything before getting so bent out of shape.
Forget about customer experience, why a replacement battery itself, without labor, would cost more than a new car
what wasn't mention entirely in this video is. Was the battery totally unusable? why did Kyle bring his car to the dealership for inspection?  Was the car undriveable? was the battery totally bricked? was the battery unable to charge or discharge? this story wasn't totally transparent and clear as to why the battery was needed to be replaced.
If the battery replacement is $60K in a $50K car, the battery must be $100K+ in the EQS.  Tesla battery replacement is $20K how is it more expensive in the Kia? Also, battery warranties need to be researched before buying an EV
Question to ponder:  Who's gonna' buy an 8+ year-old electric car, knowing the battery WILLsoon fail at any given moment?  I foresee the end of the used car market. You will own nothing yet you'll be happy.
How are EVs supposed to be greener than ICEVs if whole cars get written off due to scratches on the sacrificial (non-structural, non-functionally-critical) battery cover? I suspect minor scraping damage like this is extremely common and lots of people are going to discover that their batteries are prematurely out of warranty because of it.
How can they sell the whole car for less than what it cost for the battery? 🤔
How are we supposed to convince ppl to buy full EVs or hybrid cars when automakers are giving us hefty bills for battery replacement/maintenance?
The cost for a new Hyundai Ioniq 5 battery in the U.K. is £5,063.40 (58.2Kwh). Not sure how it’s so astronomically high in Canada?
i would wonder if its better to go with tesla since you are not buying a car from a stand a alone dealership... so what was the actual cost of the battery? My guess is the battery itself should be about 4000-6000 but likely the dealer mark it up because they figure they got another fool. It seems to be how alot of cars now here in the US where dealers are marking up cars to as much as double its MSRP
Why in hell would a battery, the replacement battery, cost more then the original cost of the complete car with a new battery?
Min 3:19 this invoice is odd. The list and net are both showing 6649.98, but then in the total they add 50K...Where the heck did those 50K came from? Because labour appears to stay consistent across the invoice at 1599.50. Am I missing something?
What? This was my ideal electric car, but apparently you can just have it parked, ideally in a garage, since it's totaled even if it's touched by a flower.
Sorry, couldn't scroll though all the comments, but isnt the battery on the ioniq 5 supposed to be modular? why was he required to change the entire battery instead of part of it with modules cost at around $4k?
Curious, do they sell used EVs? Or you own these cars until you can no longer afford to maintain? I don't see EV lasting fir 15 years like normal cars.
what I don't get is, why you'd put a battery protection cover to protect the battery and IT gets damaged and now they claim that the battery is damaged; which means the battery protection cover didn't do a darn thing to protect the battery.  this story is bad for the EV industry; I mean if it was a gas car and you run over something and damaged something, the cost to repair it ain't going to be remotely close to replace the battery; and also what I don't get is why is the insurance company raising his rates in the future?  I mean, is that standard practice when their car has to be written off? He wasn't reckless; he was even trying to avoid what was on the road.
This sounds very iffy. Kyle carries on his journey after thinking he hits something and decides to get it checked when he gets back. He doesn't mention any issues while driving it back but thinks a check would be a good idea. With all the technology in cars these days SURELY there are warning systems monitoring the battery (and if not, why not)? but Kyle doesn't mention any such warnings, so does that mean there was no damage to the battery? If so then you have to question the integrity of the dealership.
Hope can a part cost more than the original car? That makes no sense.
Good awareness video BUT while address is that on the invoices / qoutes that you forgot to redact / blurr?
When you're scrapping vehicles for minor battery case damage, are you really helping the environment.
Insurance premiums increases by 50%?
And what is the purpose of a protective cover, that does not protect what it's protecting?
continuously variable transmission or electric driveline motor and
transmission range sensor. If an electrical drivetrain system
Shouldn't the battery be modular. People always talk about battery recycling and how the materials are worth something by itself. Storys I have heard about Tesla battery's are around 20k worse case.
Why tf are they charging more for the battery, than the entire vehicle?
So….a car that costs under $60K has a battery that costs $60K+.  Doesn’t make sense.  The rest of the car is worth -$2000.
What happens when these EV’s get 8 to 10 years old and a battery replacement cost more than the car.  Does anyone think about this?  Are these cars essentially throw away vehicles?
A battery ‘protection’ cover that didn’t protect anything… how did these pass all the R&D that went into this?
Where is the 30k ev for the masses?
After seeing this situation, why would anyone buy an electric car with a big battery?
The total loss of a vehicle's value, whether from a fire or a scratch, that can be directly tied to a design failure?    Hmmmm
There’s talk of hydrogen powered vehicles as well so who wants to risk so much money when there’s no guarantee one technology will supersede the other?
Was in Vancouver late last year ..Coming from Australia .we could not help but notice the amount OF EV'S on the road .mainly Teslas ..my question is have you all bben brainwashed over there? by Trudeau
The future?
How does a component of a car cost more than the entire car? 🤷🏻‍♂️😂😂
But why do EV batteries cost THAT much?  Forget the insurance company acting like assh*les  (like they always do), why do EV batteries cost so much... as a percentage of the car cost?  My diesel BMW battery is simple to change and costs about $400 all in.  Which is exactly why I am NOT buying an EV until at least 2035.  If a single essential part of the engine is THAT expensive, then it's a luxury car and should be priced at $150,000+ for sale.
is Kyle Korean?
U wanna know what i think, The dealership mechanics and them icbc wtf ever bois are in on it… U dig. Poor Kyle. But won’t be the last poor Kyle for sure… Ev’s opened up a whole new way for these insurance/ dealership dirty bois to make a whole lot of dirty clean money….
Why do you people keep buying Kia and Hyundai vehicles is the question ❓. Stay away from these electric cars. Carbon foot 👣 print my ass. The world runs on fossil fuels. Do what my mechanic told me to do. Just buy a Toyota or Lexus. Buying another Hyundai or Kia would be insanity. Those cars stay with blown motors.
Name the dealership please.
Am I understanding correctly that Kyle was just having the vehicle "checked out", and that there wasn't an issue other than the scratches on the cover?  No error codes?  Why would you replace a battery that is working correctly?
I wonder if the fine print says going over a speedbump too fast can void your warranty. 😂
How does Hyundai justify charging more for a battery then the whole car?
Problem number one: He bought an electric car.
3:27 why is the list price $6649.98 and it’s one item but it turns out to be $50,000 more exactly?  Somebody added a $50,000 markup ?    When I do a search for that part number, I find one that’s $6330    Did somebody accidentally add a 5 before the 6,649.98 total amount?
Engine fails in a 5 year old ICEV? Replace it with a used engine. Battery fails in 5 year old EV? Buy a new car.
How can a brand new car cost $55,000 and include a battery that is worth $56,000? How can an insurance company double your premium for running over a rock? It is called fleecing customers by business that control our on the take governments that allow such practices.
Why does the invoice  show the gross And net as $6649 and the final column shows $56649 where did the other $50,000 come from? Obviously the owner should not have accepted the quote as correct and investigated the damage further. Of course Hyundai and the dealer should never have put the owner in this situation. What a mess.
These Kia ev issues and buyers challenge to get it serviced. Very sad. Really. Sad. I'm holding off on sal ev purchases.
What’s the point of a protection pack if it can’t do the job or it can’t be used to assess for actual part damage?…
Did Mortonmouth was only able to get a good answer because they reached out to PR?
So the dealership just wanted to make another sale?…
It does seem strange that a cover plate to protect the batteries doesn't.
First, this is fantastic content. Andrea and Zach, you should definitely do more of this style of content. Love it. Second.... why does this reek of dealer/parts supplier collusion to me? I am aware that the insurance company is only doing what they see fit based on the information provided to them... but my question would be, is that dealership going to get the job to replace the "damaged" battery pack? Where is the battery pack being sourced from? Will they even replace the battery pack or just the protection cover - parts company sells something they don't deliver to the dealer and dealer buys something they never receive. Are there alternatives? Is the parts company making a profit on the sale of the pack to the dealership and if so, how much? Is this just a clear example of someone taking advantage of limited supply? Did the dealer just want to be able to sell Kyle a new Hyundai for the commissions? This just doesn't sit right with me.
My question is, does the dealer who said the battery needs replacing, have a waiting list for a new car or have they got a stockpile to get rid of ?   I really can't see how getting some scratches on a plastic protecting cover can then lead to writing a new car off and voiding a warranty.
$56,000 Can for a fuel tank??
Wow you guys the invoice is a typo. Its 6k clearly.
With 2 nightmare Hyundai batteries recently in the news, why would anyone buy a Hyundai EV?
ask how many techs drive EV's? people in the industry drive fossil fuel cars. what does that tell you?
How the hell can a battery cost more than a nee vehicle itself?  Here's a tip, avoid EVs like a plague.
How’s the battery cost that much?  Ford Lightning extended range battery is $35k  USD.
How much are they losing on BEV sales if just the battery alone has the same value as the entire car?????
Why would anyone buy a Hyundai or Kia at this point
Why did he take the car into the dealership in the first place? Did it affect the performance of the car in anyway?
People buy Evs to save on gas? 😂😂😂
What conditions exactly voids warranty from KIA/Hyundai?   You can't claim 10 years warranty and void warranty for numerous reasons that are not clear cut.     Hyundai/KIA is notorious for thisbbait and Switch scam
I don’t think scratches on the battery armour plate can be called  damage ???!. A serious dent from off roading yes but not a scratch.  So the dealer greatly exaggerated the damage. Which is dishonesty.
Well, if you ask any electric vehicle manufacturer about the cost of battery replacement, they will typically avoid a direct answer. I recently attended auto events hosted by Toyota and BMW, where I inquired about the cost of their EV batteries. In both instances, the manufacturers sidestepped the question, emphasizing instead the extensive warranties they offer and suggesting that battery costs would decrease as the warranty period draws to a close.
Looking at that invoice closer are you sure there isn't a typo?  The Net & List price carry over and it looks like they put a 5 in front of it on the right subtotal column.
It appears that the issues that plagued the Hyundai Pony era continue to persist, raising concerns about the brand's commitment to improvement. Quality control and customer satisfaction should have been at the forefront of Hyundai's evolution, yet it seems that the company has struggled to address these fundamental aspects.
I have question on the quote/invoice, it appears to be incomplete.  The old battery would be still worth a large amount, but there is no core charge included in the quote.  Recyclers will line up and pay a good amount to get access to this car just to dismantle the battery and sell off its parts.  That value should be reflected in that rather callous two line quote.  Also its pretty clear here that parties involved simply did not want to be liable for the slim chance of future problems.  Kyle here appears to be a victim of the dealership practicing C.Y.A. (cover your arse) more than anything...
Is  Hyundai selling their EVs @ cost of batteries- rest is all subsidy?
EV Batterry replacement cost is what will kill the electric car.  Remember people freaking out about $4000 for a transmission and throwing a ICE car away? how about $25k for a battery? Has everyone just gone nuts and think $69-$100k for a car is ok?
Given the large dollar value, I think the best thing for Kyle to have done is to consult an automotive lawyer before releasing title to his vehicle.
If the battery protection cover failed to protect the battery from such a minor impact then surely Hyundai are selling a product that is not fit for purpose?
60k for battery? What happen to the warranty??
If the vehicle still performed fine...ie, no battery charging/range issues, how can one justify replacing? Also, always go direct to manufacturer if dissatisfied with the dealer. Most manufacturers will help find resolution.
I don't understand I look up 60,000 in American money Google say it's $:15.46
This is not rare lol. But the better question is how can battery cost more than the car?
Kyle, I've been trying to reach you about your extended car warranty!
So when car was new the purchase was really for a battery only and the rest of the car was thrown in for free???  Another example of the subsidization  of ev's to ram them down our throats! I will pass!
Why is the list and net prices priced out at $6649 but then $56649 in the line total amount. Seems to be a typo error to me that noone has picked up on. The dealer also didn't remove the cover to check the battery as dealers are only in business to fleece the customer out of as much money as they can, and this is a classic case of it.
The BIG question is why does a new battery cost as much as the whole car? It makes the ownership of an EV car untenable/unacceptable. When news of this gets out Hyundai will not be selling many EVs.
How many people could afford replacing the EV battery along with the monthly payment and  insurance cost? This just an isolated issue at this point but people will move away from this product when it becomes unaffordable.
The real question how can the batteries cost same as the car . Is the whole rest of the car free when they build the car..  someone is acting stupid
Why didn't Kyle just keep the car if it was running fine?  It may have been good for years to come.
The biggest issue is why those batteries so expensive since the cost per kw is around $100 so a 60kw battery should be around $6k 🤔
Perhaps the battery protection plate needs a battery protection plate
Why would a manufacturer design a vehicle has higher repair cost than entire vehicle value?! It’s such a scam
Where's Scotty Kilmer when you need him? 😂😂😂😂
People buy EV’s to lower carbon foot prints.  How does writing off nearly new vehicles like this because of ridiculous battery replacement costs reduce carbon footprints? An ICE has a life of 10+ years.  It doesn’t need to be written off or cost me $60k every time it gets a scrape underneath.
I’m still cautious about going EV. Second hard market value? Long term maintenance cost? Battery replacement cost? Now this, insurance handling/evaluation. To me, hybrid is a way more practical to go than EV.
This begs the question, is Hyundai taking a big loss on these vehicles or drastically marking up the cost of a replacement battery?  Yes, that’s a rhetorical question.  Disgraceful across the board and yet one more reason to never buy a Hyundai.
Not sure about Hyundai but with Tesla, battery replacement will be just a *remanufactured* battery.  On top of that, there is only a 1-year warranty for that replacement.  In addition, the cost is quite significant.  It seems that there isn't much value left after a battery replacement.
With the cost of the batteries and related costs of replacement (and how insurance works here) it seems like ‘most’ collisions could somehow lead to this scenario? It seems like there would be a very small range of vehicle impacts that would not be impacting the battery packs?
I think there's one big question missed to be asked here: Whose liability it is if the battery cover is damaged which would potentialy damage the battery, is it Hyundai's design flaw, or driver's fault. More importantly, who can be the judge? It's not fair that Hyundai (or Dealership) gets to denied liability without 3rd party's inspection and review. Not fair to car buyers at all.
The price of the battery the dealer quoted was full retail price.what was the dealers cost of the battery from Hyundai ????? I bet it was a third of the price quoted. Stealership
Planning to get a car soon, with every car manufacturer electrifying their entire line-up, shoud I / other consumers just get an ice while they still make them?
The price listed for the battery was $6649.00 but the total shows $56649.00?? Typo?
Why doesn't Hyundai make a protection that works?
So is Hyundai making the car at a loss - how do they come to a list price of $60,000 for the whole car when the battery alone costs that much.
I still don't understand why this incident wasn't covered by ht eOEM warranty?
maybe people should research before buying an ev car how much is the cost of replacing the battery
Hmm... Car 1 or 8 years old,  dealer diligent or not, Hyundai Canada or Korea... Battery damaged or not... Many useless questions and yet: why does the battery cost $60 k? Does Hyundai sell new cars at loss?
Not clear.   How much insurance compensation did he receive and why would his insurance premium go up when no ticket was issued and the scratches are under the car?   Perhaps another insurance company would charge less.
So,, from that damage (looks pretty mild to me) on the cover, the battery might explode 😮 ?
Where will the battery of this totalled vehicle be dumped? Seems not environment friendly after all.
Did you really save money on gas in the long term by buying an EV?!? Nopeee. Your better off buying a supercar
Wow. As someone who was looking to go EV, this gives me pause! I wonder if all manufacturers rip off their customers in this fashion.
Great to hear Hyundai is stepping in, but if battery damage assessment becomes a "corporate" function, will this mean longer wait times for resolution on warranty issues as more claims like this come up?  If I end up in a similar situation, will I have to wait weeks or months while "head office" assesses my vehicle?
This sounds very fishy. It sounds like any kind of scratch you might get from a rock or whatever the dealership could go ahead and say it needs a new battery.  There are so many questions was the battery still charging properly were there any lights on the dashboard saying the battery needed to be replaced etc.  i’m in South Mississippi and New Orleans and I will tell you there is road debris all over the Gulf coast highways and roads, not to mention tire,  chunk of tires, etc. so any little scratch you might get on this case might void warranty.  I can tell you after watching this video I would definitely reconsider not buying an EV. I just recently bought a new Ford Ranger and love it. I considered an ev but wasn’t sure about the battery issues.  I even looked at the Ford lightning.  And then there’s the case of the insurance I don’t blame this guy for giving up his car I think if the dealership would’ve told me the same things I probably would’ve sold it as well not wanting to be responsible for a fire in a parking garage or driveway, etc. I do not think owning an ev is going to make up for the cost of gasoline in my case I just was doing it for the environment but who wants to pay high insurance as well  I priced a Tesla model three, used and my insurance cost  doubled, that was the number one thing making me reconsider and now this you would think these large companies and corporations would have their stuff together already.  Even for my Ford Ranger I had to replace the suspension because I didn’t like it to begin with. It was too floaty and level the truck so road better, and with the price being in the middle 40s and EV used would’ve been an alternative.
Why would you get rid of a car that still runs fine
Interesting video. A couple of thoughts. First, what is the point of a battery protection cover which cannot protect the battery? Second, the price for the replacement battery is what the body shop pays for it from Hyundai. It isn't what it cost Hyundai to make it, or what a dealership would pay for the battery.
Was there manufacturer warranty on battery? If yes, if it is under normal use, it should be warranted. Otherwise, simply avoid Hyundai!
So if I go and do suv things off road in the upcoming Ioniq7 and ding the battery cover… it’s a total loss?
Maybe brains of mechanic has to be replaced?
What is the battery protector made of?
My question is - was there any problem with the battery in the first place ? Trouble codes etc. I would just drive the car since it was only the cover that was damagedl. This doesn't make any sense! sounds like a dealer rip off to me - just my opinion.
Who knows that dealership themselves had widened that battery protection valve which is round in shape
I thought replacing a Tesla battery set was in the $6,000 range.
Was there actually anything wrong with the car?
So any kind of small impact can cause your brand new vehicle to be scrapped? Not really a good situation .. My view on EV's is not getting any better. Thanks for the info.
Looks like a dealership issue to me.
The elephant on the wall is why is hyundai quoting 60000 for a battery? How much was the cost of the battery when they could build entire car and sell for a profit to dealer to sell for more profit to the customer. Going by  thier logic i guess the  car must be worth a milliom dollars to build
So did Kyle buy another ev or did he go back to good old fashioned tried and true ice?
What is wrong with the ladies face?
you should ask to see the damage
they cannot prove the battery is damaged wtf
how is this a very rare scenario? you so much as scratch the battery protective case, you wreck your entire car. The only way to avoid this cr@p is to keep it in your garage and never ever drive it on public roads.
how much insurance premium was?
How sensitive are these batteries if with minimally detectable impact it can explode?
What I don't understand is that the invoice shows an order with Quantity 1 for Battery and Labour .. List is 6649.98 / 1599.50 .. Net is 6649.98 / 1599.50 .. and at the Amount column on the far right the battery suddenly shows as 56,649.98 while the labour still shows as 1,599.50.  The battery price jumped 8.5X the List/Net amounts.  Why??  Was this simply a billing mistake?
How does this work in a cold/snowy climate? Hazardous potholes, accidents, cold weather, damage from bad car washes. I question hybrids so a EV will never happen for me here in Minnesota.
What is hard to understand?  He hit something so it’s NOT a warranty item. Period.  It’s between his insurance company and him.   Sucks what happened but battery or engine, he hit something.  Not sure if Canada has GAP but this would have lessened the pain.
I wonder if the specific situation is in the USA as well.
also brings to mind structural battery packs, and the nightmare they could become. I saw a video of a tesla pack that was filled with rigid foam. how on earth is anyone able to replace only a few bad battery cells if they're all covered in foam? sounds like another situation where they'll just say you have to replace the whole battery pack for $50000 too. Reparability needs to be fundamental in EV battery packs.
Why isn’t there a trade in value for the battery?
I'm still trying to figure out if having an EV is really worth all the headaches!!!
How much did people think this would cost? Batteries don’t last forever
Name one thing you won't ever see at an antique car show forty-fives years from now?  An EV entrant.
Interesting. How green are these cars really when you consider these battery cost issues. The least carbon intensive option for cars is to keep your ICE vehicle and maintain it.
Just for a scratch on a Protection????
why doesn't the warranty cover this...the car is barely a year old...what about the warranty??
I did a search and a remanufactured battery (using the part number) in the US shows $6441.00? Highest price I saw in USD was $31,000. Hyundai has a listing for this battery assembly remanufactured less than $7,000 USD?. Do a websearch on the part number.
Certainly this issue is not the first time it has happened. I wonder how does Tesla and other EV manufactures handle this problem. Especially in America.
maybe bc he is chinese canadian? canada is know racially discriminating against asians. have heared tons of racist stories
My question is, were the car drive normally? Are there any error codes?  So we shall get our car under panel check by third-party repair shop so we won't get our warranty void. Can the battery protector under the panel be replaced separately?
Here is the biggest question: Did Kyle buy another EV after writing off his 1 year old Ioniq 5? 😂
Just a question how much does it cost for insurance per year on an EV vehicle like the ionic five
If the battery protection cover failed to do its job of protecting the battery, then isn't this a design defect with the battery protection cover that Hyundai should be liable for?
Seems like the battery protection panel didnt really protect the battery.
How is it that the replacement cost of just the battery is the price of the vehicle? Does the rest of the vehicle parts have no value??
What’s the purpose of insurers and dealers anymore if this is what we “pay” them for as part the car ownership experience?
Guys I'm sorry but I simply don't understand why you took the conversation where you did. The only question here is how in @#$# can a battery cost more than the car??? The Hyundai PR manager provided a word salad that meant nothing. Again, assume all other things being equal, how does a $55k car carry a $60k battery replacement cost? Is Hyundai saying that they are losing tens of thousands of dollars on each EV they sell? I highly doubt it.  I appreciate you bringing eyes onto this problem but this was altogether the wrong conversation. Hyundai has singlehandedly convinced me not to buy any electric car.
I think this is more of design problems if a vehicle is written off for a scratch the protective layer of battery.
always get three quotes / who confirmed the only quote received was representative?
Makes me wonder if I should get rid of my 2022 hybrid Hyundai Tucson before 8-10 yrs…hmmmm
So a protective cover doesn’t protect?  Sue them for that
So innocent scratch on battery protection cover makes battery "explode"??? How about the owner of this dealership pay Kyle $120,000 and go tp preason for a week or two to think how to run their business further???
60k for a battery? Let that sink in.
Hyundai, how the heck does a replacement battery cost as much as the entire vehicle coming off the assembly line. What was the cost of the original battery in the assembly line process??  Bet it’s not even remotely close to the replacement cost.
Is the Vinfast proposition the better way?
I don’t get it. What’s the point of having a protection cover If some minor scratches on the cover voids the battery warranty? Isn’t it there to take scratches by design?
Truly baffling! If the new battery is from the same production line where the damaged one was made, how is it more expensive than the total cost of the vehicle? The EV industry still has a LONG way to go.
Am I missing something? The battery list is 6649.98 as is the net. However  there is a 5, thus 56649.98.  added in front of the 6649.98 in the amount. Looks like a typo to me.
I wonder if in BC they have like OMVIC (Ontario motor vehicle industry council).They might be able to help Kyle.
Is there any EV or hybrid designed to protect both the passengers and battery while separate them in case of battery caught on fire?
Looks like the real story is a guy got ripped off at a dealer.  The battery pack is under 80KWH Price per KWH right now is about 120 bucks so it cost about 10,000 to build...
Why would he replace the battery if the case got scratched and the mechanic never looked?  If my mechanic told me I needed a new engine because of a scratch adn the car was running fine I would not replace the engine.
A potential $60,000 catastrophic failure when exposed to road debris and it is "protected" by thin plastic, rather than metal?
And people wonder why customers get attorneys.
I wonder if he can get the Federal and Provincial rebates if he gets another electric car.
Now that is a crazy story, so much for trusting the dealership(stealership), they just wanted to make money off of this guy. Question, Motormouth, what brand of SUV are you two sitting in?
I'm second guessing buying one now
Why is a road hazard considered as a bad driving record ? There are times when it's impossible to avoid debris unless you decide to crash your car to avoid it
Is it any wonder people don't trust car dealers, makers, service centers, insurers, etc? I know your channel doesn't normally do consumer advocacy but please do more.
Shouldn't the "protection cover"......oh, I dunno.....protect the battery?
Had this vehicle is on the Lease, would have a different outcome?
Looks like some of Kyle’s personal information is visible on his invoice. Not safe. His identity should be protected also.
So...need some advice...  Lexus ct200h or honda insight ?  What do you think is a better option
Any new EV reviews would it be possible to get battery replacement cost as part of the vehicle  pricing details?
Are we sure the numbers are right?  List is 6649.98, Net is 6649.89 but the amount is 56649.98..  Where did the 5 suddenly come from?
I really want to find out which dealership bought his "salvage" car and how they "re-certified" the batter pack
Which dealership was that ?
Are we just going to pretend that anyone paying $55,000 for a Hyundai is not grounds for someone to be admitted to an institution?
Voiding a warranty because of some damage to the battery cover seems analogous to voiding your a engine/transmission warranty if your truck’s skid plates get scratched. Do we need battery cover covers now?
Why is the list price of the battery $6,649.98 but the dealer is charging $56,649.98? Seems like the dealer added a 5 in front for a markup??
Any comments from Tesla owners?
What will your take be on a plug-in-Hybrid? I understand it has a smaller battery but if it could be a better way or a strategy to go with than switching to a full EV. Example Mitsubishi provides great warranties.
If it is not under warrantee and can go third party. I bet Hyundai will make it right and likely slap the dealers hand behind the scenes.
