How does he pay his taxes
Why is Ali looking more healthy than the forex millionaire😢😢😢
Online forex trading, physical forex bureau, Usdt, Binance......from where to where?😢
How much is a damage😂😂😂
which bazaar needs solid cash, kwani hawana bank account ya ku-wire the cash?
thruthwatchdoy n real uyu princes n scammer... how can you not be able to prove what you say... how can you withdraw money to buy a car??????????????
does forex work in Kenya or just a cave for scammers to hide their identity?😮😮
Ameita headlight torch ?😂😂😂😂
Characteristics of a guy who isn't saying the truth the body language also always throwing numbers after every question i.e 20million 30g's and the likes
You withdraw 27m cash to pay for your new car?😂😂😂😂where on earth
What happened in Friday's meeting, am looking for that video sioni
Is he in good health 😮😮?
If God "puts" 27M under my name, the best I can do is to build and register a very nice private school. Anyway I'm just trying make fun of the story. Making 27M in a month is one hundred million question to ask yourself where the rain is beating you😂😂😂 ju weee!!!!!
Ati short period 21M in forex let me ask myself this long short question? How NOOO  even if its a propfirm bruh toka apa ,,,you so even rude on an interview provoking Ali and us in general thinking we are all fools huh😅 you Guy we are watching you keenly😂😂😂😂😂
What shall it profit you to gain the whole world and loose your soul
is the millionaire reffering to the headlight as torch?
I wonder why pple  can't let others be .. you cannot be scammed if you don't want shortcuts
I wonder how some people believed in thiz kasmall boy ety trading 😂😂😂😂
What is 200k you deny paying someone and yet you made 27m per day?
Ati how many million in a day 😂😂? Kwani hii forex mimi nafanya ni gani c mnipee link ya app origii 😂😂,,,,,,,,,,,, this stupid man thinks everyone is a kid
What is the real name of this guy?
Why is he struggling to justify? Give us proof that you're not a SCAMMER?
How can you withdraw money to pay for a car to show off??why cant he buy the car direct from an account pesa kidogo kiburi ishaakupeleka all social media watu wenye pesa hawajisifu🤔🤔anataka fame hii ni content msidaganywe aky wakisii na  kiburi 😂😂
How can you make such a profit in forex within a day?
From which bank?Nonsense
This guy is very sharp. He's ready to answer any question
So after finishing school at 17 or 18 now you are billionaire at 21 years?I feel sorry for your followers who is buying your nonsense.
if faking was a person 😂😂😂
