Ok sooo.....Grealish scores in the 81st minute to make it 3-2, and then Kulusevski scores in the 69th minute to make it 3-3. How is that possible? 😂 Did anyone else notice this?
Who is here after city won the prem this year?
How is it possible City getting robbed
What the hell was the referee doing blowing the whistle when the ball was still going after continuation? I still don’t understand what he was trying to do. Horrible refereeing
8:35 Did the referee call Grealish offside or foul on Haaland?
Why is it that Son did not pass the ball to Richalison in that last attack, passing to Kulu was not the best decision at all. That's why we were about to be buttered in the dying seconds
How can u make errors when u have VAR system???
What Aa game…
grealish was well onside when the ref stops the play and that might couldhv being a chance that wouldhv being the decider of who wins,its a very questionable decision that cost us at the end
This was an unreal game, but did anyone else get the vibe that the announcer was rooting for Man City?
Blunder from the refree was doubtful 🧐
Im very sceptical about ref decision at the end especially, didnt watch the game so, can someone provide objective context?
Since when did City start to appeal or cry for penalties. Now we know sth is amiss with city team
What was the ref thinking?
The draw was our fault we are leaking goals like i dont know lets see if pep plays Phillips tomorrow or will his stubborness cost us because we don't have any other player nunes injured kovacic can't play there alone grealish suspended so bernado cant play there stones is not 100 percent i hope phillips plays alongside kovacic
Can any one tell which channel highlights are these?
Why is he wearing gay armband if its not the gay month?
What wrong with referee
Where is the minute? No minute on the screen. Is that the game was continued after being stopped?
Where is lloris?
Son’s OG.. Haaland didn’t seems to touch the ball? He was given ‘assist’
Sonny has a grudge against Man city??? Why is he so crazy??
I don't understand at all, the referee blew the whistle because of the advantage rule when City clearly in possession of the ball ? Like SERIOUSLY ? This was such a clear mistake made by the officials
when are we getting an inside city episode? it's been a while
