Are you unemployed right now 😂love Dan’s dry conversational approach (comedy unscheduled )😂😂
Why is Dan so obsessed on why Jordan is doing this NBC deal?? Its obvious that Jordan and NBC was the NBA for almost all of the 90s, he's done with ownership and is probably doing a favor to some friends he had there. Its not that hard to figure out Dan.
Bro do those glasses get cable
The NBA hasn't even put out next year schedule why is Dan asking what Chuck's schedule is?? Nobody knows the schedule.
Is Charles gonna crap on the league that’s made him for half the interview again? Let’s see
Doesn't Chuck realise that people would rather tune into Inside NBA without highlights during the game, rather than watch the actual NBA game? Majority of people tuned into Inside NBA because of 4 dudes talking about random things, not because they were showing post game highlights. Chuck himself was blasting majority of the games they were covering anyways.
Dan: are you unemployed now? ( key word for white for are you going broke)  😂😂😂
Load management is a front-office issue. If it comes down to paying $40 million a year for a player who load manages 30 games a year vs. paying $40 million a year for that same player to go down by the end of December, they're going to choose the former over the latter.
Could this be a start to rekindling Jordan and Barkley's friendship?
Dan asking such trash questions HOW is this guy even watched? Phucking pure trash
He asked about Bird Charles and he talks mostly about Michael. Smh!
Wait they not going to have highlights?
I love Barkley, but am I the only one who notices he’s hammered
Why is a Chuck wearing windshields
If the show is broadcasted on ESPN why can't they show NBA highlights?
Is shawshanking someone graping them?
Im curious which Jordans Barkley wore.😂
What's with these ladies glasses that all these men are wearing now?
Heavy Jordan’s? Barkley wore the 14’s, literally the lightest pair of j’s
This is confusing
How did Kobe transcend the sport? Lebron, Mike, and Shaq were different. Even Steph is different. There was nothing about Kobe that was different. He was an imitator—facts over feelings.
This was a rough Dan. Not knowing Charles schedule, asking how much MJ would get paid? There’s a max and he’d be there it’s simple. #shawshank
Thats odd. I could have sworn they got rights to highlights. House of Highlights is owned by TNT.
No one can answer a question 7 different ways quite like Chuck
Why does the round mound of rebound have ski goggles on?
Dan Patrick asking the same question over and over.
0:45😂  Barkley doesn’t know his work schedule? 😂😂 Is it a LIE or IGNORANCE? Neither?😂😂
Companies make me sick. Want to talk deals and can't even tell people what they will be doing. Get your shit together..ESPN is just like every other company. Falling short every step of the way all the while demanding you walk the straight and narrow. Is it that hard to tell people what the F they are going to be doing? It's kind of important...friggin fools.
I thought he said he was going to retire?
How wide are Chucks lenses? Geesh!! 🤣
Are Charles, Kenny, Ernie gna still do March Madness?
maybe ABC/ESPN will have them cover the Finals?
Why do the voices sound like they've been downtuned/slowed down?
He ask chuck one question and chuck goes on this rant on everything else except the question....That Got dang GOAT...MJJ...
