Guys did you see the picture in the back 😮
Does he actually do this in his free time?😅
Wait a minute how could you do that if the rank restarts each season?
How can you be in a tree If you not gonna move
Is it possible to only move to get to unrel
172 games? Thats 5weeks of loading screen on my PS4
Thing is this does nothing and gets gold 1 yet my first ranked game get a twenty kill win and I get bronze
only 300? wow this game is generous with the leveling system
Is this not an issue with the ranking system?
Oh is this the same guy who scammed a bunch of people?
What about dropping down
ummm why was unreal my roblox username
Is this a troll? Is it fake?
You missed Christmas and new years just to answer the question… CAN YOU GET UNREAL WITHOUT MOVING?!?!
So falling doesn’t count as moving???
Let me guess it took years
bro why do i not even get above dirt trash ahhh league while this guy gets unreal without even moving
If he asks a question he will work until he gets a yes
How does he get to unreal without moving and I can’t break plat trying my hardest 😂😃🙂🙃😐😬😕☹️🥺
How can he get unreal without moving and I can’t get it attall
How did you get gold 1 at the start 😭 I dropped like 10kills and came 2nd and got bronze 😭😭
Does a fortnite season even last 300 days??
What did you achieve in your life for...this?
He won, but at what cost     He missed Christmas and new year.
Bushcampdad who?,lol
Was I late
And how did you get to the tree of you dont move a muscle
What does that mean? Never played that game
Why can I win a match with 9 kills and get silver for my first ranked game of the season
How does lazerbeam get  unreal with out moving meanwhile us sweating our balls off just to hit diamond 3 just to go back to diamond 2
Really? even with 10 minute average games, 8 hours a day  that's still over a year of not a single day off.
Hey did anybody see lachlans face pic in the back
Only 308 matches? Wtf
Only 308?
Hold up, so i can just cheat ranks?
Did you play build or zerobuild
So, not moving is how i get out of Silver 2???
the laziest challenge ever
English or Spanish?
I wonder what nick eh 30
Lazar you in top for that tell me your ways
Missing Christmas and new years?  Bro's patience is immaculate and the short blows up🫡
What associates this video with you?  -Patience is the key to finding the patterns...
How is it possible if season is 2 to 3 months?
how did he know were the storm is gonna be
how many times did he get killed
bro i saw your video and who won the chess match? lokl
What's the game called he's playing
What's the game called vpls
Can I add you as a friend in Fortnite because I’m wearing your skin right now and I’m playing that slap game you was playing?
why did you miss new years?
How did u jump of the bus without touching ur keyboard
Whi is he sounding like an anime villain at the end 😂😂
Are we not gonna talk about how there are people behind him in rp 😂😂
Good Job but why
why even try
why didnt u go to christmas and new years u could've kept playing go to the events and come back
How did bro get gold one in a match where he did nothing but in my match where I got a victory royale I got bronze 3.
But why tho? Why? For what reason?
HOW DO YOU GET GOLD 1 JUST FOR STANDING STILL AND I GET BRONZE 3 FOR 3 KILLS AND PLACED 11th BRO WHAT
Does rank reset after a season?
first game he got gold 1??????? I got a 24 kill win and it placed me bronze 1
Is this man's name Luigi?
Then what the heck am I doing wrong
nice to see this challenge come back!
Fortnite is an idle game now? Maybe I'll finally play it.
So you get the highest rank doing nothing? No wonder there’s 90k people lol
Why is Lazar not posting..?? Him: Lad I have a video idea💡
Now you need to see if you can make it to the same rank in less amount of matches
Can I please be friends with you in Fortnite? Please do it to where you can friend Request me
Didn’t they patch this 😂😂
how u always land in a tree?
Can u add me lazar im a big fan pls watching u live stream pls if u see this , name is YT cLiPpZy
Why does your voice sound AI
So that game needs 0 skill to play?
how'd you get in a tree if you didn't move?
Try without play
How is ranked in fornite?  Its pretty good fun nice system  Yes😂
How did bro jump from the bus :🤓
So you basically got a participation medal? 😂 Fortnight FUCKING SUCKS
If you cant touch your keyboard, how did you click play?
Yeah, but can you get #1 without moving?
how many months did you wait to ge5t unreal????
How do you reset your rank or did he just make a new acc
isnt this the stragedy of the guy who streams during work?
so basically ranks mean nothing?
Is not it just shows now fornite ranks are fake 😂
What is the lowest average frame rate you have ever gotten
Bro is challenging bush camp dad
Is it a world record 😂
what about the storm tho
Why do u sound like an ai
does this mean that perseverance > skill? or in other words no matter how bad you are as long as you persevere you will reach your goal
I don't know what am I supposed to say💀
was bush camp dad inspired by lazar beam or lazar beam was inspired by bush camp dad?
first pin?!🤨
"What are you doing?"  "Me?" "Just hanging around" vibes😅
LazarBeam: *mid vid* Idk if its possible to reach Unreal    Bushcampdad: Oh no, well anyways
How did you manage to waste your time more than actually playing fortnite, and is it possible to learn this power Please i need entertainment
Will this still work ??
He moved to get into the trees though?
Didnt he already win without moving at all before
how tf he got gold 1 with 0 frags  in ONE GAME ?
so if yes how go get out without diving?
My first game of raked was a crowned royal with 15 kills and 2 medallions. I got bronze 3. How tf did you get gold 1??!
Bushcampdad copycat?
But why?
Is it dedication or is it just insanity.
How is he gonna get Gold 1 without moving but I get a 20 bomb woth a win for Copper
So why didn't you spend chistmas with us this year?  I just didn't want to sit in a tree and keep dying to be the best rank  Uhh... I don't know what ur metaphors mean?
btw Idk the fortnite V-BUCKS system works cause I dont play it so im just saying 10k cause that seems like a good reward for such a feat
Does this mean your rank in Fortnite doesnt reflect skill but just play time.
is lazerbeam just copying bushcampdad rn wtf
didnt some streamer called gamerdad do the same?
Ask if Fortnite can make you an emote that’s just as still as possible
How did you do it laser beam
Why is fortnite so easy
Did he steal the idea from bushcampdad?
hmmmm good idea
Can you stop trying to copy Bush Camp dad
I got 14 kills my duo had 6 and a win and we both got  silver 2 How tf did he get gold without moving
Soooo trying what bush camp does?
So I could do literally nothing and still get a good rank?
Bushcampdad: what about zero build?
Is he bushcampdad or smt
Don’t ranks reset every season?
How did it take multiple months the season haven’t been out for that long
Anyone remember the win without moving?😂😂😂
How you get out of bus
did he steal from bushcampdad????
Did they fix this
Bro what  is YouTuber luck my first game I drop a 24 kill 1st place game and got bronze 3 but he got gold one with no kills and placed 12
Gold 1?? I got 16 Elias and a win and got bronze 2
How can you get to gold 1 by doing nothing and getting 12th place? I've gotten kills in a placement match and got 1st and 2nd and they put me in bronze 😂
Lazarbeam would you spend time with you family at Christmas or new year or play Fortnite?  Wonder which one he picoed
BushcampDad moment???
This man didnt move and got GOLD?!? I won my first match and had 15 KILLS AND I GOT SILVER. He showed their ranked was a joke, i am now convinced it is.
What is the name of the first song that plays in the video?
Dude where's the meme Olympics I can't wait 😂
Could you live stream this challenge again please? I want to see all the depth. ❤
Could you live stream this challenge again please? I want to see all the depth. ❤
“Is it possible to get Unreal without moving?”  Me who already watched the video:YES
How did lazar get this
Did u move while gliding at all or no?
Lost the password to the shorts channel again ay?
