Galaxy ai is useful? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 get yhe fakara here
did the phone reception improve after update
How often do most users zoom in 10X ??? I've never needed to do that in my 10+ years of smartphone usage.  The 5X zoom seems much more practical.
The flash function of Samsung phones does not work when you switch to 0.6x zoom, while Apple and Google phones work. Samsung, it's time to fix this.
will i see any major change using camera? going from s20fe to s24 ultra
A very HUGE con of Samsung Galaxy phones is that their screens will go bonk, with pink liine, green lines, lines, after 2 years + of use, it happened with all my Flagship Samsung, now I wonder if I should contiinue getting these phones since they cost a few ks, I would like it to last as long, not making the screen damaged and we need to keep changing them.
When do we get crash detection, satellite connection and fall detection?? Apple is ahead of us !!
Hey Arun, Do we need to pay for Samsung AI features from 2025 end.
Why my Samsung S24 Ultra dont have 120fps?!? Upto 60fps only
Im trying to decide whether to buy this phone or the Z fold 6
i have s23 + , is it worth upgrading to s24 ultra ?
Which is better samsung s24 vs pixel 8
Why s24 ultra same size as s22 ultra and s23 ultra....it should be at 7" or more
Love your channel... Is there a way that we can purchase second hand phones frm a legit store?
Where's the t shirt from?
Arun how many samsung ad is this 😂
Did they fix Bixby?
Hi thank you very good should I just want for the new S25 ultra or just go for S24 Ultra, just let me know?
Anyone know why with the UI 6.1 Update the battery protection was changed from 85% to 80%?
Is it possible to record log videos in s24 ultra?
Why the screen size not bigger and wider compare to last 2 years versions?
What about the eSim
Year or two? I give AI months to get the translate better. It's too important and Apple is already behind.
How u get them views lol
how does a phone this high end only have 12GB of ram when the ONEPlus 12 has 16 GB for nearly half the price??
Debating between the zfold 5 and the S 24 ultra?
Who else saw the guy in the back catch the phone?😹😹✌🏾
I wish I knew if this is worth upgrading from my Note 20 ultra
How Can i Find Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Korean variant in London Any suggestion?
Why you are never addressed the shutter speed and blurry photos issue to let samsung focus on?
Great video! Is 24fps available across all the video size options?
Google Pixel family where ya at ?
Whats with samsung and having faulty network hardware.All you see online network reset/fix or solution especially new generation.
Idk what to do . I have the iPhone 13 pro max and I’m about to get a new phone next week so everyone says the iPhone 15 it’s trash so I’m thinking to get te s24 ultra but im not sure yet 😅
Haha wow so cool, but I do wonder where the cobalt in these new phones come from 🤔
8:46 when was 120fps video a thing
Why do you always pik up two phone..
Camera and Hitting issue
Hey wheres the vision pro?!
Does the Galaxy seem to suffer from warp? The flyby shot at 1:20 of the 2 phones on the bench, the Samsung doesn't seem to sit flush on the bench top making the housing appear warped. Cheers
I need someone's assistance , I just bought this phone but it says it won't support my adt matrix video.   Can anyone help, Spoke to art and they are saying that the new phone does support it and there is an issue with the s24.
Any thoughts on Vivid mode not working? Settings-->Display-->Screen Mode-->Vivid isn't doing anything. It's just Natural (even when vivid is selected), and most people switch from Natural when they get their Samsung phone.
Tooo posh to review the base s24 and s24+?
Who was that guy who caught your iPhone? Give him a raise 😂
I am planning to buy a new phone please tell me which one should I go for the OnePlus 12 or Samsung galaxy S24 ultra?
My s23 is running fine! Ahhhhh do i need the new one? 🤔
Can you comment on wash out color please?  Vivid vs Natural  Not working   I hope samsung allow you to comment on this. Is all over Internet   This needs to be sorted otherwise no one will buy this  Look forward to your wisdom!!  Thanks
17:39 was it hitler?
@Mrwhostheboss can you please give me one of your old iPhones 😔... I'm in South Africa
Hey,  Does someone had a slighty gap between the screen and frame in the botton right corner? Look with the flashlight, with bare eyes you cant see it. S24u Grey. S24
What's the best case for it?
Why does the color look so much better on the S20 series? The S24 looks dull.
Hi! What’s the purpose of the upper smaller camera? It always doesn’t say, even on the samsung website. 9:15
Why dies it take 5 seconds of holding down an icon before I can move it on my desktop?
I cannot see the option of "UHD 120fps", can anyone explain to me how to add that option to my S24 ultra please?
Are what you have just shown going to be updates on the S23 phone?
I'm coming from samsung note 3, is this a big difference compared to samsung S24 ultra ?
What about VIVID display problems people reporting ??? Nobody talks about it only @Velian Speaks Tech
Is it worth upgrading from the S22U though? 🤔
Will you need a screen protector?
So does it have airdrop. The only reason I’m not buying a Samsung is because it doesn’t have airdrop
Base ram 8gb to 12gb ?? I have 16gb on my 21 Ultra . How's this an upgrade ?
I just checked the trade in price for my s22 ultra which has signal reception problem and realised that Samsung offers only £370 when I trade in my s22 ultra. Any suggestions on how to overcome this loop and  solve the signal reception issue?
Whats the highest fps you can video 8k   ??
Who is migrating?
Where is your shirt from? it looks like it has a nice texture to the skin
Is he wearing iPhone watch?
Is the screen flickering rate the same (PWM 240) ?
My s23 Ultra has 12GB Memory, so my upgrade to the s24 is not really 8GB to 12GB, its the same....isn't it?, also we all know about the AI, how about the hardware spec?
Year after year. More and more gadgets, fancier ones, better ones, making your more productive ones, ergonomic ones, and all the other bullshit ones. Has any of those made you happier? Or are you more miserable now than before you had these gadgets with 100mp camera and that fluid screen? Think about it. Answer lies within, once you silence this non stop materiaism
Just bough tthe 24 Ultra and cant find the 4k 120 fps option. How do I add this? Only see 30 fps and 60 fps on settings.
Is it worth to switch from iPhone 14 pro to samsung s24 ultra?
Apologize for the question if it was covered, I have been watching parts at a time, so may have missed if discussed....  Does the phone ship with a screen protector installed ?
Please stop the super bright flashing transitions. Who wants to focus on the content and then get flashed in the face with a light every few seconds?
Could you plsss do a video comparing apple and Samsung ecosystems plsss 🥺🥺🙏🙏
Is there any difference in functionality between the ultra and the plus?
I want to know if Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia Muhammad Bin Salman is your twin brother???...Because you both look the same
Is the front camera worse than the s22 ultra?
Min 7:38  🤣🤣Can we get a montage of you tripping on the staircase, and music video perhaps
14:05 Bias much? Calling pixel generative as gimmicky and praise on Samsung. We know the bias and money situation (Influence beggar)
It looks an amazing phone , however since the S23 , the casing seems like a hard drive enclosure for a SSD drive. Or is it just me ?
How about the transition from the front video camera to the rear video (and vis versa) - I currently get a 1 to 3-second delay with the Ultra 23.... that I used 99% of the time doing my youtube videos.  thanks.
The real question is, should I trade in my phone for this one OR wait till next year and see if they get better next year?
But what about that Apple Watch?
does it have an FM radio ?
I do not even have the means to use the s10 plus yet, you guys released s ultra 24 ?? Mhhhh,, God when ??
but do i need a case for it? I am switching from a 21 so unsure of that haha.
At about 19 minutes and 30 seconds you were talking about a feature and it seems like you had a problem with that feature because why would you write something in one tone and then ask it to rewrite it in a different tone I would think it would be meant to write in the tone you want and then you're getting options in the same tone maybe it writes it better?
Does this phone really helpful for live call captions in any language as i am hearing impaired eagerly looking for phone which helps me by captioning the live call   Please respond
Hey arun, do you mind doing a video on samsung tabs because my son is planing to get a tab but unsure what it is.
Switching to this phone as your daily but still wearing your Apple watch in the video? Hmm.
What they don't tell you that with the prior battery capacity and prior version of processor the phone due to 'cosmetic' updates and AI may perform slaggish... right? (lol)
Did anyone notice the guy behind him catching the phone that he threw? (Check out 00:16) 😅
~Are you making an entire movie on camera comparison !? Why are you so late man !?
Hello, have you check Vivo X100 and X100 Pro? Apart from processor and AI, the rest seems better than any android phone and IPhone.
Are you holding the s24 ultra or you holding the s23
Can you do a video on why the nokia lumia failed? That was genuinely one of my favourite phones at the time.
Phone colors, side and back materials mean absolutely nothing to me. I always have my phone in a bulky case so I never see any of it. The phone could be poop brown plastic for all I care. I will never understand why people buy a $1500 phone with fancy glass and titanium, and then carry it around with no case. You drop it once and it's ruined. I carried my S9+ for more than 5 years and it looks almost brand new. I know people with naked phones that are a year old and they are beat to hell with cracked screens.
Please make comparison video of samsung s24 ultra vs Vivo x100 pro
Great video as always!  Question: Do you know if these AI photo editing features will only work on the Samsung Gallery app, or will they work on the Google Photos app as well?
What is the cost?
Who can gift me an S23 Ultra?😢
Why Samsung is doing partiality on some countries? I don't understand in some countries s24 and s24+ are coming with eznoys processor and in US, China, Japan and Canada they are providing snapdrangon 8gen 3, But why you are doing this partiality, We are also giving you the money .
A question about the live translate feature: can you set more than just one language as "do not translate"?
Why can't i use 100x in manual mode which was possible earlier
EVERYONE gets a case for their phone, so why does the square edge that digs into your hand matter? Same with the color of the phone.
Rooter? Router. How do you say Out?
What are you going to do with all that phone design...its going to be hidden behind some phonecase anyway
Does the Galaxy S24 Ultra have a MicroSD Slot and a Microphone Jack? That woul make it more useful!
Nice phone! I'm ready to upgrade from the S22! Got any coupon codes, Mrwhosetheboss?
Man if google uses this chip for the next pixel.....
Do they a micro sd slot?
I've heard rumors that the s23 ultra will get the ai phone translation..is this true?
Wha happens to the phones after content???😢
where is ur t-shirt from please?
Bro whats rhe thing u recorded with ?
But can you turn off the AI-trickery when making a picture?
17:23 is that Murph from Interstellar?
Need a screen protector test to see which one compliments the anti reflectiveness of the new screen
Where is the usual comparison video waiting for that
its 2 am here though i don't have enough money to buy this phone but I'm still watching him and wondering,,,,,,
how is the 4k 120 fps video recording?
Still using fingerprint scanner in 2024?? No Face ID??
is samsung becoming a pixel in these ai features
My s22 Ultra has 12 gigs of ram....? This S24 isn't the first time for that amount.
Does the flat screen mean that there is no more edge panel?
All I wanna know is does this phones brightness stay at 100% whilst I’m sat on Dubais beach in the summer for over 6 min
Does the new screen offer new colored lines after updates? I'm getting bored of only getting green and purple lines in my screen.
How can any Phone campare to samsung ???
This phone just came out how did this guy managed to learn almost everything about this latest AI powered Samsung, that's awesome buddy.
so just spent another 1000 plus pounds for a brighter screen?..... right. :</
Did they fix the fact that when u send a video to someone, u have to cut it to 3 seconds and the quality is garbage?
How to identify original s24 ultra and fake s24 ultra pls do video about this 🙏🙏
Is it worth upgrade? I have s23 ultra.
since A.I features are software's features, then can anyone tell that can we have it in s22ultra or not?
What do you do with the phones after the videos
May be Apple is paid for Arun to wear the apple iwatch. 😂  We can see his personal phone is iphone
why are you wearing Apple watch when you are reviewing a Samsung phone?
i want your take on how/if  samsung's s21 ultra's camera seem to be just as good as the s24 ultra on paper??
4:23 look at the screen behind his head… Notice the design? Looks like a particular symbol?
Curious if that messaging app is Samsung messages or Google Messages?
isnt glaxy ai also coming on s23?
I just saw the person behind you catch the phone you threw XD, was I the only one who noticed ??
what is the backround music on 8:26
Will it have chat GPT?
Did anyone notice the guy behind him catching phone😂
Bro who catch the phone?
Got a question, I have s23 ultra now. New one would cost me 600e if I trade in my 23. Is it worth to trade in? Can't really find anywhere proper camera comparison of 23&24 ultra. Thanks 😊
Can you make a comparison with the Oppo find X7 pro ?
Does the Galaxy S24 and S24+ have the Galaxy AI or only the Ultra ?
Could you do a comparison test between Google pixel 8 AI and Galaxy s24 AI it would make for a really nice video
What is a flagship phone
what is better iphone 15 pro max or s24
How can you praise the samsung galaxy while wearing an apple watch?
Can you do iPhone 15 Pro Max vs Samsung s24 Ultra vs ROG 8 pro?
DOES IS STILL COME WITH THAT "GREENLINE" FREEBIE??? 😂😂😂
I know can’t use iMessage on android how to I get my iMessages to move over to android. Don’t wanna lose them.
Who still buys iPhones in 2024??
Can you turn of that ugly outdated buttons in a bottom of screen? Is it works woth normal swipes? Because iphone is a piece of shit with they swipes onli for left hand. And even it doest work everywhere. Sometimes you need to clicking on a cross in upper left corner, which is so uncomfortable. Also i lome thst small dot for selfie xamera. Not thst usle black hole in iphone. And i even dont understand for wtat is so big? Iphone have so many issues with soft. That i even dont understand for what people love it? I bought 15 pro max and unhappy with this shit already one month.  It even don't jave comma on a main keyboard. Apple sooo stupid
His feminine hands hurt by the corner of a phone? 😂
So if you're getting rid of your iPhone in favor of the S24, does that mean you;re ditching your Apple Watch Ultra….too? Because the Ultra is super prominent in this review…IJS
When we talk about storage nothing much has moved considering now photos and videos with this configuration will require much more space right?This problem no one is looking into.
I got the 23 ultra is one of the best phones I have ever had ?
why didnt they add chatgpt to google assistant?
Should i upgrade from a 22u to 24u? Its not that can afford it, but these days everything can be paid monthly, so its no prob.
How likely is it that these features (particularly the wallpaper generation which I think looks awesome) will come to the S23 Ultra at some point?
Think the flat screen will stop me from getting the new one I like the curved waterfall edge so I'll stick with my s23 ultra
The smartphone got smarter. Did we need that?
Can I remove AI software from the phone or I need root to remove all that garbage apps?
8:45 WTF never seen a phone record 8k 120fps thats insine, remmember when iPhone X was first or one of first phone with 4k 60fps
how long before you back to the iphone
Do Battery test too... What's the improvement there?
But does it have a call recording feature after all?
Are Nigerian languages integrated? I think the African market should be focused on more
Question: Aren't the AI features all software ? So will eventually make it to all their phones ?
When are you going to leave YouTube like others?😢
Does the s24 have the text and call on other devices feature? My s21 doesn't. I pre-ordered the s24 and I'm hoping it has that feature.
Did you get a chance to see what has been updated with Dex?
Doesn't the Pixel 8pro have a lot of this AI already?
Hi. Do you know if the US version is region lock, or it can work with any sim carrier from another country?
What about carbon fibre body?
Hello Mrwhosetheboss can I get your s22 plus my s22 is so slow
12:37 are they collaborating with AMD to implement FSR3 Frame Generation in this AI?
Did they already solving their green line issues? my last phone from Samsung is note20 ultra, and it give extra features: green line light sabre.
Imagine how much Samsung paid him for this video? :D
does anyone has a link for the shirt his wearing in the video? XD
Now lets find out if Jerry RIG everything is happy with it ;)
Wait for comparison with iphone
What is the song at 08:25? I'm in love with it
Where is ai summit
Any chance we could see a comparison between the S24+ and the IPhone 15 Plus. The Ultra and Max Pro are awesome phones, but don't most people buy the "lesser" models?
You still have apple watch. Are you sure you are really replacing s24 with iphone or is it just for the video?
17:25 Artificial intelligence was very impressive. But the question remains how safe! All our personal information is not leaking?
How have they not changed the exterior design completely? It's been two years already and 3 if you count the transition to this camera design/layout!   Are smartphones now becoming like cars where they only get a full 360 redesign every 5 to 6 years?!
Worth upgrading from the s23 ultra?
Yeah but which one was new 🤔
Are you going to switch from iPhone to the S24 or stay on iPhone?
This phone looks great. But will it perform good after 2 years?
Which gets the most out of ai you would say, Google or Samsung?
how many times did you replace your iphone
Bro at 15:10 you really picked an obscure name of a Pokémon to criticize the transcription as if the name of that Pokémon is in the dictionary? 🤦🏽‍♂️
How's the poco x6 pro compared to redmi mobiles
Why bother with colour when most of us are going to get a casing to protect the phone?
Would you recommend getting the 1tb over the 512? Or do you think i should be okay with 512
Would you recommend it over iPhone 15 pro Max ?
Is s24 now voice isolation available? Like iPhone?
Will there be 5 year updates for all ultra customers?
13:45 is there really a potted flower behind you on the photo? 😱
which smart watch you wear ??
what about its screen protection?
The ai editing photos app that is shown here.... what is it called?
are you trying to advertise us Starbuck in your videos?
Can you do a Redmagic 8s vs ROG Phone 7 plssssss
Arum got married??
can i play games  in this phone?
has bixby been replaced by sam?
Are you guys pregnant? 😊 you seem to be moving towards dadbod
Can u suggest a mobile to buy b/wPixel 8 pro and s24 ultra... Software.. Innovation.. AI wise... Please
Did they fix the outdated autofocus? Do we finally get human and animal eye tracking? Is it still disabling tracking AF in high resolution mode? Do I still need to switch to a lower resolution to change camera modules?
which one is better now iphone or samsung  ?
Why samsung galaxy ultra have main camera problem in its focus..1x to 4x
Can you talk about the Samsung Galaxy A54?
The phone corners are sharp? Um who in their right mind would ever have a phone this expensive and not have a phone cover lolz
But wait, if you're switching, what are you going to do with your Apple Watch, sell it?
Why didn't they use sapphire glass yet? Even synthetic one is good enough
Is there any truth to the AI feature potentially costing extra in 2025?
Nice review. Now, for the big question, is the phone worth upgrading from the S23 Ultra or S22 Ultra?
Arun did  you order the vision pro??
Should someone interested in a Photography based Android , Easy to hold Smartphone go for S24 Ultra , Xperia or Pixel?
does it have a microSD card slot?
does it open aspx files readily?
did they fix the bloatwares?
R u throwing away your xbox or rog ally?
question is always switch from iphone or upgrade from 23 or even 22.
Is it true they won't have AI until the end of 2025?
What's your favorite color for nails?
Am I the only one who saw someone catch the phone he threw? Great video by the way.
What's a good well rounded phone?
How about the ringtone
What's in his mouth
17.8 million subs, why doesn't this video use chapters? Come on editors
Is it just me or is the new Always on display very similar to Apple's Always on display, that's suspicious 😏
Wait this wasn't the full review ? 💀💀
Is bixby any better than it was 5 years ago? Does the camera now take real photos of the moon or is it still faked by Samsung?Can the finger print reader read better through glass screen protectors? Have they chosen 1 messaging app to rule them all? In that have they fixed the conflicting sound management of the google keyboard? (Add some click sounds in gboard on low then turn the Samsung system volume all the way up. The keyboard couldn’t be any louder. So use Samsung keyboard? Samsung keyboard gets most words wrong. Have they made the batteries any bigger or is 5000 the highest possible? Have they made the Face ID unlock usable to the point it can be used to log in to say banking apps? What about the fact that any voice assistant as well as google only decides to listen to you half the time? Hey if all these issues are fixed then I will be happy to upgrade to what they like to call an ultra phone😂
19:41 can you turn this of? i would just like to read my messages in the language they came in
Am I the only one that isn't excited by their colors?  like it makes a difference at all?  Most of us, put it in a case anyways.. colors mean nothing..
Why oh why does he spend as much time talking about iPhone as he goes about the s24 ultra despite the fact the review is supposedly about the ultra. Mr who's the boss is starting to show his true colours. IE a total apple fanboy. I'm fed up with everything being compared to iPhone as if it's the benchmark amongst phones.
Hey mrwhostheboss can i ask how you got the s24 ultra???
Does it use fingerprint sign-in's?
I have to say, I don't like the AI Photo Editing and what it means. How lazy do you have to be to, instead of adjusting your view, you rather use state of the art computing power to get the desired shot? Does such a person even like taking photos?
Galaxy AI is it free? What will happen in 2025?
Is the thickness of this phone "measured" from the thinnest part or like the measurement standard goes, between two sheets of glass meaning you cannot ignore the camera lenses?
Still fiance?! Marry or end with her!
When will you post the vs video of s24 ultra and 15 pro max
What does that mean bro😂 Praise the lord😂
I got S23 Ultra. Not even a year yet but I wanna upgrade to S24 Ultra. Is it worth though?
why you record the samsung video with your apple watch on your wrist ? Is it secret commercial ?
1:32 😂 Stronger? Maybe Better at heat transfer? Well, Supercar engineers should learn to make radiators out of titanium, hey?
Useful review - thanks.  What about sound quality? Is there an improvement to my replay of flac files that makes this phone an upgrade?
Day one of asking arun to give me a Nintendo Switch 😊😊
Was he talking about google pixel 8 or pixel 7? Forget to check which phone the video was about😂
Are other galaxy phones gonna get the AI live translation feature or with this only be exclusive for S24?
Bro can you make a comparison video between VIVO X100PRO and S24?
Is it worth upgrading from the S23 Ultra to the S24 Ultra or should I wait for one more year for the S25 Ultra?
Brother, I want to know if samsung can add AI features to their Previous phones by updating software or no? If they can do it S23 ultra users  will be very happy.  And RIP apple now.😊
alot of talk about the slowmo but the whole s23 lineup has 960fps super slowmo is this still a feature or not?
So should I buy s23 ultra or s24 ultra, I was planing to buy s23 ultra, before s24 ultra came out, btw I have s22 plus and I want to uprgade
So did Samsung get rid of the note or get rid of the standard s series phone and rename the note s23/24???
When is Samsung coming out with a better text messaging experience. A new feel and look is well over do!
Why was motorola disturbing us again and again?
It is, in a sense, "outdated" but if it be possible to test the difference between the S21Ultra and the S24Ultra. It has been going strong since I got the S21Ultra but not sure if I'm ready to upgrade or wait one more year.
What are your thoughts on the quality of the selfie camera versus the 40 megapixels of the s22 ultra?
Trying to decide whether to go with the S24+ or the S24 Ultra. Gonna be a nice upgrade from Galaxy S10 either way. Bit annoying that the S24+ where I live will have the Exynos cpu.
don't you mean back to titanium
Did any of you see that his hair was blue on the sides? Don’t know if I missed a video or just me
Can I get a iPhone 15 Pro Max from you??? 😂😂😂
Does the s24+ support aptx?
Are they dropping Bixby?? I ordered mine yesterday. The 1 TB one. I am sure that I can feel the difference from my S22 Ultra.
4x more scratch resistant? We'll let JerryRigEverything test that! 🤣
Why do you look like orry in thumbnail 🫢🤭🤭
Did they fix my constant "samsung UI has stopped working" and I have to restart my phone all the time?
Don't understand the piss color option. Could've done some sort of blue or even the jade green from the special colors. Or just a pure white
Yo can you talk abt the new Samsung Ai Ballie?
Would u recommend google pixel 8 or s24 ? 😂 Im currently usint Google pixel 6
Is there any chance of you doing a review on the Galaxy S24 or the S24+, because there's no chance that I can afford the Ultra?? 🙏🏼🙏🏼
Wait the chip is the "for galaxy" version? That's not even listed on Samsung own site. Weird.
Just realized that Starbucks product included in this video 14:06   Err… I hope it’s not on purpose or being sponsored coz lately too many boycott products placement in YouTubers video
Could you compare the Exynos and Snapdragon Variants?
how is titanium stronger but the ip 15 bends???
Would you give away phone i only have a Huawei RNE-L22 alot of app is not available for me and bad quality picture so lag while playing games. Maybe you could change my life. Please 😊
I wonder how many of these features will be available on older Samsung devices like s23u, or will they be exclusive to s24
Are you switching to an Samsung with an apple watch on hand!!!
On a side note, what do you think of the Samsung dex feature? is it a niche thing from Samsung or is it something that you find useful?
Why do I feel like this is a promotional video
Did Samsung do these software things or was it Google? Privacy - are these conservation listening apps and image looking at apps a privacy disaster?
As a concert goer, is the zoom in videos better than S23??
No comment on the exynos versions?
Why you have promoting starbuck?
Does that video slo-mo actually require AI? Its just a touch response and you just slow down the FPS after that.
Hi there, a great review! Thank you! I had a question & i could be completely misinformed, but I thought I read in a couple of places that the front camera has dropped in MP from 40 (in my s22 ultra) to a 12? I mean, not a huge issue- the only time I use it is taking pictures of my child &/or husband & I together, but just wondering why it has become what seems like quite a bit lower? & if that even is a bad thing for photo quality?  I'm sorry for the long comment, I just haven't been able to find out anything about this change, other than it's happened, anywhere yet.  Thank you! 😊
Is the screen 4X STRONGER than last year?  It's the REPAIR price cheaper?
how much did starbucks pay you for this promo smh
I am curious what will get better with software updates? I loved the notes thing and the recording conversation and summary but apparently they have a lot of issues. Will that get patched on this or do I wait for the next gen?
why does he always try to bring up his fiancee in all of his videos
A good budget phone then ?
Never understand why colour design is so overrated..the first thing i always do is buy a leather phone wallet and etc
Can this one take a picture of Neptune?
Would I be able to film aliens super clear the next time they are hanging out in Miami!?
Wait, there's a new samsung?
This leaves one Tim in a rather cooked stage?
You have it already? Wow faster than samsung stores 😂
Just a question Does this AI function work properly when the battery is below 10 percentage?
Is it true that the ai features are only free till 2025? And after that it will be subscription based?
Any chance anyone have any reviews that aren't by Apple D riders?
My complaint is that they are not putting the front camera underneath the screen. Is this because of a patent issue?
but did they fix shutter lag????
Very nice but wheres the removable battery and self repair?
What Apple wat h band is that blue band you are wearing?
Do these AI features ever work? These are all gimmicks. How did this get 17 million subscribers?
Just so jealous of u getting the s24 Ultra faster than me. But pls can u give me one 😅😢 I've sub and watch almost all of ur vids.
Bro wtf already? I swear the s23 series was less than a year ago but my s22 Ultra still is excellent and works like new. I doubt they changed much.
When will samsung give us a Night Video mode that with crank up the ISO to like 16000 but use ai noise reduction? If DJI can do with the drones and the Pocket 3..... come on samsung
Looks like they got rid of that stupid lettering underneath the Samsung logo on the back of the phone? A small thing, but gives it a much cleaner and better look overall imo
Is he married now?
Is Gujarati available in the translation thingie!?
Why still boxy
The flat screen and 7 years software updates make me waver whether to upgrade from s23 ultra or not, waiting for apple to announce 10~15 years software upgrade😂
How's that camera shutter speed?
So the translate AI is a version of bad lip reading?
Aren't all the AI features coming to the S23 Ultra in an update?
11:49 Why isn't there Rickroll playing? 😂
how many years do you think this phone will last or work??
Cool, but can you review the Samsung Prison next?
but how does the typing feel? the Pixel 8 really spoiled me.
is the fake moon camera trick still working?
can someone tell me how to fix my iphone. with the new update, when i try to set my lockscreen, the very top of my screen is blurry. can someone help me plz
Do you really have to show off a movie when reviewing a phone...? I hate getting spoiled on movies I plan to watch just because idiots randomly bring them up when they don't need to and it's not relevant to the video.  14:25 Really? A watermark in the actual image? Way to ruin the image. Typical corporations, handicapping AI to cover their ass.
Could you giveaway one to me
Is there any promo codes for pre ordering ?
Aren't the AI features only free until 2025? If so, that really sucks.
A new Samsung phone came out?
The question is. Does S23 ultra get this AI features in upcoming updates?
why would they make it more boxy? corners are more prone to breakage, and looks awful.  i like the look of my old v-60 better than my s23u
The S24 Ultra looks like the iPhone??? The S24+ looks near identical to one.
Do Iphone 15 and Samsung S24 comparison
Bro didnt the 23 jus come out? 😭
You switching to and full time? Also can you try the game “Roblox” ?
As an owners of a S23 Ultra... should I had waited??
Does this guy know what AI means or is he reading what Samsung gave him? :)) how many of those features are able to automatically learn and upgrade themselves in time? He calls touching a movie player to reduce its framerate by half as AI :))
Oooh but when u tilt the phone and look at the screen does it have a greenish tint to the screen like the s23 ultra does? X
Imagine having 17.7 million subscribers and still asking the viewers mid-video to hit the subscribe button
Okay so the big difference between the s23U and the s24 and Ultra is the AI?! Lol got it! I'll be sticking with my S23U until they stop updating it!
I wonder just how long you'll actually get from the battery life. One thing I've learned from the ultra models is that if you want to use all the best features  they advertise then say goodbye to battery life.  All great in theory but for the long run.. Not great unless you carry charger/bricks for a gull day
If it is true that Samsung will charge for using AI features after 2025, paying £1.3k for a phone and still needing to pay a subscription fee for its flagship features feels like such a bad idea 🤷🏻
Am I the only one who's gonna talk about how they changed the speaker grille design
Can u plz help me plz I want to know if the samsung s22 ultra worth it I want for good photos
Hey mwtb whats is best phone whit the higest batery life you know. Im not one to care about the most recent fratures and all, i just want a ling batery life and a semi decent phone. As an idea my curent phone is an sugsug (Samsung) A12
1:56 - me too ! Finally someone loves the curved display ! 5:38 - omg Snapdragon what R U Doin' ?! Shock ! 8:12 - Yay, camera will finally understand what it sees
The million dollar question is Mrwhosetheboss PRO PALESTINE/PRO HAMAS. Looks like he is.
How is this worth 300 more than the 24 plus ?
Red Magic 9 Pro+ comes with 16 and 24GB of RAM for cheaper.  Why even bother with Samsung at this point?  The stylus I suppose if you are into drawing.
What do people do with those ultra fast processors? Like I can do all my stuff with SD 870 smoothly never had a single drop of frame ever. For heavy stuffs like editing, rendering I uses my laptop...!
Is the AI only on the ultra? What about the standard S24 and S24+?
Considering replacing my 15 pro with s24 any suggestions?
do the AI features with text work in a different language too ie german or is this english only ?
your videos are getting better in the wrong aspect, you seem to be making videos that are optimized for watch time and kids, why would you make a hands-on video 22 minutes long, this is not a review, respect the time of your viewers, focus more on the merits of your videos and not gimmicks. information primary, entertainment secondary please.
In regards to things like the sharp corners or how the color on the caseback looks: Am I the only one who instantly purchases a protective case when I spend this kind of money on a new phone? Specs like thickness matter so I can get a case without the phone feeling bulky, but the sharpness of the edges aren't going to matter because I'll be damned if I spend $500+ on a phone and not spend a fraction of that on a case, let alone $1000+.
Worth upgrade from note 10+?
The past three phones look the same 🤨 like since when did Samsung catch Apple Disease 😂
Why do you talk about colours, do you not use a case like literally everyone else?
Can't they just backport those features like Google does? Why it is needed to buy a new phone for new software features....
How many of these features will end up on the s22 and the s23?
What's the battery life like? omggg!!!!
Just wondering if s23 ultra would also get the AI upgrades down the line
Is this phone dual SIM in the USA? I want to use two lines at the same time with this phone.
I have the s10+ is it worth the change to the s24 ultra based on the price?
I wonder how much the Galaxy AI subscription will be after 2025?
They want us to be comfortable paying full price of a flagship phone for just a software update and some AI? Is this FIFA every year?
So basically it does most of what the Note20 Ultra did but for a higher price, including the AI photos but excluding the slow mo thing (which can be achived with a plugin)?
How does circle to search work if you use navigation gestures instead of home button?
Why have they not hid the camera Punch out underneath the screen like they have with the Galaxy Fold
I hate this trend of copying apple.. samsung had a great design with the s8 and then the s21 (altough that was a straight downgrade from s20 specwise)... do people who design these phones ever actually hold them in their hands? It's the most fucking uncomfortable thing to hold. It's like picking up a glass brick. Shit to put in your pocket as well...
Okay but can their AI turn me black or chinese?
12:09 didn't the Pixel phone do the same??
Do I see a Starbucks product placement here? I mean, you know what's going around in the other parts of the world, right?
do you know how much takes place on the phone?
Very good Video, do you know which of those features are going to be on the base model s24 or just on all samsung devices some day?
Does it have macro?
are these AI features exclusive to the Ultra model?
Will these AI features have an impact on the battery...🤔I guess we will have to wait and see!
Don’t know whether to hold on or upgrade…
I miss the colored icons for the quick settings (the grey is difficult to see if it is on or not) and the quick tap to settings has been removed, you could tap the quick setting text, and it would bring you to those settings, but if you tap the icon it would toggle that setting. That was great. But they removed that feature... did somone found a solution for these problems?
Are all the IA and camera software features coming to S23 Ultra too?
Hey, Arun, I am a big fan. I have been watching your videos since the early days. Keep up the good work, and also, what are you going to do with that old S33 or even that S22?
Will other Samsung phone will get this ?
can we get a variant w/out AI?
The S22 ultra is still a powerfull phone, why do you need so much power in a phone ?
Why the disco music and why so high ?
Most of these ai features are already provided by Pixel, then why market it as new
would it not be better to just remove 3x lens and add 5x instead of removing that 10x cause like the main camera can do 3x with something like super res zoom, but 100x is literally what the s23 ultra series is famous for, people who love zoom, buy this phone more than people who don't
Thank you. I would like to know if 4k video colors looks better than in s23ultra? I have s23ultra but videos look oversaturated.
Samsung needs to fix those edges, why can't they desighn it like the apple.
Why do it seem like the first half of this video was a roast to samsung?
can you give me one? please?
They are claiming 4x less scratches, I'm curious about breakage ❤
Can u give it to me please
Wait..... are you married now🤔 that ring  plus hiding your left hand on many frames
All these features are good, but why is no one talking about how ugly the samsung emojis are💀
I'll be the first to ask this: Can Samsung now translate unwanted English into prefered, company or government approved English (and other languages)?
I think the AI text translation doesn't work properly because it's mixing up words between languages and their multiple meanings, specially Latin based languages like Spanish and Portuguese.   In your video I saw "Como está senor?" which is similar to how you would ask in Portuguese but, the word "como" means both how and eat (as in I eat), therefore the AI thought to say instead "eat that sir" instead of "how are you sir?".   They need to teach the AI properly on how to read and interpret the text before translating it, like how you mentioned with the Pokémon conversation.   But I do love the idea and concept Samsung had to make this feature available in a phone.
Oh it's already out? And u have it? Dahell boi i didn't even know it was out 💀
Am I the only one who doesn't get as excited about new phone launches anymore?
It feels like its a worse AI implementation than Google's in Pixel. It basically same features too. Could you dive a little into that in the full review?
Yo Mrwhosetheboss can u do a giveaway for a phone please because i have been rocking a Samsung a12 since 2020.
How much did Samsung pay you to shill for S22 version 3?
Wouldn't all the benefits introduced by AI in the S24U be just an update on Android? Meaning, can't the S23U have the same AI benefits and features as the S24U, since it also has a powerful processor? Just thinking out loud...
Why are you showing the starbucks logo frequently?  Are you doing it on purpose? Are you paid by them?
It’s just me or the photos from s23 seems to be better. Than new s24 ?
How did you buy ut that fast?
Is Samsung going to charge for A.I feature after 2025? If this is true that’s a deal breaker when I’m paying almost $2000 CAD
Very important question: Is the Bixby button still there?
If only they could put all those specs into a usable size
but does it have AUX
Does S23 ultra get atleast half of the software features thatr S24 ultra provides?
Did I see @Beebom source for the geekbench score?
I wonder how much Sammy had to push your way for you, an Apple boi, to give up the Apple? Anything? No? Well, time to dump the Apple watch as it will barely if at all interface with the new phone. 😛
what shirt is that? looks comfy
Can we expect a design change for S25 ultra?.. I am ready to wait..
Tell me one thing. Why the hell did they provide a 12Mp x3 optical zoom telephoto lens when there is a 50Mp x5 optical zoom telephoto lens? They could have used a decent ultra-wide angle instead of one telephoto lens, like in the Pixel 8Pro. Ps. I will remain faithful to Pixel 8Pro because the Samsung software does not appeal to me at all and is "ugly xD" Pure Android is crushing :) And the fact that Ultra has Snap 3 gen, so what. I don't need more numbers in the benchmark :) That's why I dare say that Samsung is slowly becoming like Apple. They will change something, but it will always be the previous version in a new housing :) All AI photo manipulations downloaded straight from Pixel :)
What color is the S24 in the video? Green?
im sorry how did the phone know what was behind the Starbucks cup
Isn't this all taken with help of Google Gemini?
11:24 they removed direct delete option and I couldn't find how to turn off recycle bin , am I wrong?
Hating my 1 month old Pixel8P so much ,why can't google done there own phone better?
What's the use when he changes his phone faster than his clothes.
i hate the flat screen so much why do i want this shit? all it gives me is no one hand use and bigger bezels ...
Can you please compare photos of the the Moon from Galaxy s24 Ultra and s23 Ultra
No fun where passionate hardware Improvement?
A fun question to ask AI - 'what are the potential risks of having this level of AI on our phones?' - I love AI, but having it on my phone. Huge Red Flags there.
So is no one gonna talk about samsung using the same design as their last phone, but when it comes to apple it’s a problem?
May I know which phone you carry so that I can buy the same.
16:43 When your GF/BF has a different language and speaks that language they will understand what you are saying in their native language? 😮
wait so 6g data  is ready ??
11:32 tf was wrong with this UI? It looked great, was perfect for one-handed operation and felt consistent across the device.
These samsung phone designs are so boring.  Same thing year after year. Specs look great design is not
why no curve screen 😭Samsung was literally the Best at making Curved screens that weren't "Impractical".
Idk why people are like "I can finally shoot in 4k in slow mo!" when they're taking videos of concerts and pets
When is your custom built iPhone coming for beating apple in subscribers
Is it worth upgrading from s23 ultra since we will get the AI features with an update of 6.1 UI?
With all the cameras what happened to 3D videos. Also do these phones have USB-C TO HDMI? I need to use VYSOR to phone to the pc. With a hub Keyboard and mouse, it's an Android pc through te pc but USB-C TO HDMI I can connect to any tv or monitor on the go... not my current phone, years back crappy $100 Kmart tablet HDMI MINI  TO HDMI CABLE INCLUDED no data wasted again from tablet straight to tv!
Is it advertising?
Ok is it better than one plus open? I just returned my oneplus open for this. Did i make the right decision ?
Why is this guy so special on getting things before everyone else
4k 120 fps? Sony did it in 2022
Switching to Samsung but keeping the Apple Watch? How’s that going for you?
what android version does this phone run on? also i think you are slowly becoming the next Mr Beast 😭👏
what happened to your bottom right arm
Any idea if they gonna implement ai in s23 ultra?
this is not the full review??🤣
there is a problem with my S23 Ultra , the new UI6 is having a problem with the camera (When i use the Ultra View)  Pls Help 🙏
Why is everyone getting so overboard with the AI stuff? Haven’t you guys heard about Pixel?
I wanna see after the next iPhone is released if he keeps the Samsung 😂
Who saw the hand catching the S23 Ultra 😂😂😂
Samsung should consider removing the S-Pen and selling it separately and increasing its battery capacity to 5,500-6000mah on the Ultra.
Can you compare the s24 ultra to the iphone 15 pro max camera
Can you do a review of vivo x100 pro and a comparison between these two
Flat Display??  take my wallet!!!
What is the price?
is it worth an upgrade from a54
But what about astrophotography?
Where is the Vivo X100 series video??😢
the main question is how many kidneys do I have to sell to purchase this phone?
Did they mention anything regarding the AI features only being free until 2025?
Again at what point is using AI to move things in existing photos cheating?
Only 12g of ram?
At what point is an AI knowing what’s supposed to be in a photo cheating? Like it’s not actually what shot you take. Its whatever the AI thinks you are trying to take a picture of.
Those AI features are only on s24 series or all samsung phone that will get the update?
Can’t wait for you to talk about the Galaxy Ring. Should Oura feel threatened? We’ll find out.
Whats the competition whats that even mean
Which is good base model of s23 vs s24 in view of camera not ai also Snapdragon gen2 vs Exynos 2400 give ur opinions
Copy - paste from last year with minor difference like Iphone… Is Apple finally going to change the design since Samsung dissapointed again.
Can I save $ and get Galaxy AI on the S23 generation?
This might be the only time I've ever genuinely been interested in an AI model and it's practical uses. Is the AI specific to the phone or do you think it's expected to be released to other phones with updates? I read somewhere that it seemed to be linked to the Samsung One UI 6.1 but wasn't sure how true that was.
Can you virtually remove that stupid punch hole now? And have virtually rounded corners that look exactly like those on the bottom of the screen? I'm still on the S10 because of this and will not buy a new phone until I can get rid of that stupid hole in the display, I don't care if I get a forehead border, that doesn't bother me.
can a regular low income person afford it?
So nothing that we can't live without?  The AI features got me hyped, but idk if they are that ground breaking or inovative.
Is S23U will get software update AI too ?
All of these "new" AI features are already on the Pixel Phone or am I missing something?
Can someone please care to explain what is this AWT88K I'm seeing everywhere?
Will the AI be part of the previous Galaxy lineups? E.g. S23s, Fold5
It must be really hard for Arun to make these phones seem interesting, seeing as the differences now between models and manufacturers is so minuscule that even the manufacturers don't want to tell him the facts, because they mean nothing. Are we really impressed with something going from 300 milliseconds down to 200 milliseconds? I stopped buying flagships with the S20 and to be honest, I don't miss any of these new 'features'. I could imagine Samsung just using exactly the same advertisements as last year, just editing the 3's to 2's and adding a number to the snapdragon chip and memory :))))))))))
Hi I'm a vivo user can you do a review on the new v series this year please
I am curious about the battery test on the Samsung 24 ultra vs iPhone 15 pro max and to see if it better
So what tf is awt88K
Are S24 series getting Snapdragon 8th Gen in the UK? The info isn't available on Samsung website, which makes us think that some AI features will be downplayed if the phones come with Exynos.
Is Titanium really dissipate heat better than Alunimiun?
Why is everyone talking about Awt88k on a samsung phone video ?
Show of hands from all those who use Samsung keyboard? Hello? Joohoo! Anybody? Nope. Nobody uses Samsung keyboard...
Just need to wait until camera tests, it against Vivo X100 pro and Oppo find X7 ultra. I have a doubt or two the galaxy will win, but we will see.
The AI Software is only for the 1 year for free. What will happen if you don't upgrade? Will be that effective to whole phone? That's the questions that should be answered. Differently isn't a review but advertising
Wow the color combination for the drop down menu is really slick at 11:11, can someone please tell me what the palette is?
So if you dont need constant language translation an you edit video on a laptop, the "AI" on Samsung would be a miss?
Where are the words on AWT88K? This is rather how I would have imagined innovation from Samsung, seems like Bezos just the smarter marketer
With these phone releases someone's gotta wonder why AWT88K outperforms any of that and why these guys had a better vision all along.
Bro why are you surprised that the AI doesn't understand Pokémon names 😭   I love Pokémon but those ain't english words bro
Sorry to quibble, but do you have a source on titanium being a better heat conductor than aluminum? As an aircraft test engineer, I've always thought of titanium as an insulator
I was wondering how I can use this new AI for language learning. I know many will tell me it will instantly eliminate my trouble of learning different languages as it provides live translation etc. but hey I enjoy learning languages. If it’s recommended by many others whose purpose is the same, maybe I’ll give it a try. That's the kind of AI features that I want.
isn't the benefit of the larger sensor resolution on the 5x zoom, that it then simply applies a 2x crop factor to give you the "10x zoom?
Why are you so likeable lol
Does ai makes the device bulki?
How much did they pay you to clean up the mess that was the most boring phone reveal of all time?
A flatscreen and 4K 120? If you could do it across all lenses it'd be a Sony (didn't want to write that but the whole 'flat screens are now brilliant' vibe has irked me).
I wonder that more than 50% of the users of this phone are just going to use it to make calls and browse instagram, which would mean that all the hardwork Samsung has done on this phone will not matter at all.😂😂😂😂
So I guess the most exciting thing was the Samsung Ring teaser ?
Just a reminder that huawei phones used to (idk if they still do) have a 7000fps slow mo (yes, 7k frames)
Are people really that bothered anymore? Just buy what you can afford and enjoy it. 20 years ago these things didn’t exist.
did the Samsung AI stage this whole Video?
Dude! Why didn't you reviewed Vivo X100 pro yet 😢?  Kindly do a comparison with this phone 😅
Do you Think that some of the AI features could come with Software Update even to the S23 Ultra or are these features Hardware based like thanks to the new NPU
Good features. Too big a phone. Also, doesnt the other person need to also have S24 for the live translation to work both ways?
I wonder what AI features will be charged after 2025.
hey arun , don't you think that the mobile technology  reached their near saturation point, where these devices uses AI to enhances the whole damn good to look more reliastic as it is, since using hardware there may be a little or minor errors
Wouldn’t the 23 ultras 8 gen 2 be powerful enough for most ai features as well? Does anyone know how much/if features of those will come to the 23 ultra as well via software update?
Do you actually question Apple as much as you question Samsung ? It annoys me how you review Samsung when you clearly don’t like Samsung
Will Galaxy AI come to the S23, or will it be exclusively on the S24 and models to come?
But when i shake the s24 ultra, will IT rattle like s23 ultra ? Cha cha cha effect
Who saw the guy’s hand who is catching the iPhone 15 pro max 😂
Can you turn off the AI? It's so pointless and unnecessary
Why is no one really talking about regular S24 which looks great and made for an average consumer. It's ultra everywhere!
Simple question.. since AI is in the software.. why dont samsung also upgrade every phone before s24..
Bro can you give me that trowed Iphone😂😂.
Iphone or samsung
The thing is who can really afford this very few
Cant Bixby just be chat gpt 4?
just asking, will u be reviewing Asus Rog 8 and Rog 8 pro anytime soon?>
Its basically a samsung s23 ultra but with AI ?
When shooting in 5x portrait its 12mp or 50 mp?
switching between cameras lag gives me an ick every time -_- like how hard is it for Samsung to fix such a simple problem
Is no one going to talk about how good the video was edited 🔥
why is my guy wearing a watch and a ring, unlike him in other videos⁉️ is the the new samsung ring❓
need a video comparing the Qualcomm - US/Canada/China VS Exynos - International....international (in SG) samsung website now no longer shown model...
Aside from the stock android experience, do the Pixel basically lose their biggest attraction now considering multiple phone makers are investing into AI?
Xiaomi 14 pro or s24 ultra? Which one is better
Is it worth the upgrade from a s23 ultra with trade-in?
How much grams of titanium does the phone have?
God i hate flat displays, why Samsung???!!
Upgrades is always about the cameras!! The normal person isn't a photographer enough with the camera. Now it's pushing language barriers... WHAT ABOUT BETTER SOUND? FOUR SPEAKERS? Anything to make it sound better!!
Arun, when you eventually do the S24 Ultra vs iphone 15 pro Max comparison, won't you please include the Pixel 8 Pro? Please 🙏🏼  Remember when you used to do the triple camera comparisons? We miss that 😢
Can you do a review on the rog phone 8. I am big rog fan!
Mrwhosetheboss can you please do a review on OnePlus12 please 😊
will these AI features be coming to S24/S24+. Even they have the same chipset so?
wtf is AWT88K? Are these some bot comments?
Can this capture aliens now?😂
How can you sit the and say with a straight face that design it's different and so better? :D if the screen wasn't flat 95% of people couldn't tell it apart from s23 :D wow they changed the angle of the sides omg truly groundbreaking :D the phone design is mature now and don't change much so why even hype it up...
I don't get why the ai thing is selled with the new flagship. I mean it's only Software and could easily be installed to older phones 🤷🏼
Can someone give me quick summary why everyone is mentioning AWT88K on Samsung galaxy video? I know Amazon announced it but seeing so many comments about that on this video confused me.
Did samsung rly need to put apple another 5 years behind?
Wtf is AWT88K and why is everybody talking about it without any apparent connection to the s24?
Is that a Bmw X7?
The real question is how many of these features will remain free after 2025 when according to articles, Samsung says it's ai will stop being free. I'd image the camera stuff and the google lens would remain free
Where is all the talk about Amazons AWT77K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
Will "Galaxy AI" work on s22 and s23 ultra series as well on tab8 and tab9 ultra series?
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic Amazons AWT77K ?
To everyone who's as confused as I am: Amazon's AWT88K seems to be this year's tech enigma.
When doesn't Samsung absolutely destroy Apple?
Can you compare it with vivo x100 pro?
How’d he watch avatar 2 on mobile?
How much did start fks pay you
Why exynos though.....
Ayo what is the song from 21:00?
Is it worth it to upgrade from s23 u to s24u?
So can the 24 still zoom to 100 or what
Does the camera using AI to process photos based on the photos on internet have any privacy concerns 🧐
I'm also wondering if they dont just standard film in 60fps to get the slowmo easy
Which apple watch band is that ?
What is the difference between the two?  5x 50MP Optical Zoom   10xOptical Quality Zoom
What happened to your arm?
Who wants to watch 1hr unpack event when you get 10 mins of better summary than the whole event. Great mention on AWT88K as well
With these phone releases someone's gotta wonder why AWT88K outperforms any of that and why these guys had a better vision all along.
With these phone releases someone's gotta wonder why AWT88K outperforms any of that and why these guys had a better vision all along.
With these phone releases someone's gotta wonder why AWT88K outperforms any of that and why these guys had a better vision all along.
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
will galaxy ai will come to s23 too in future update ?
Will s23 get some of these ai features
When will the next fold phone release? Or should I go for s24ultra?
What about the Samsung battery video you made ?❄️
The photo comparison that you have of the two phones at 10:49 in the video Seems to show that the samsung s23 photo is better than the s24. Is the s23 phone on the right? Just trying to understand whether the s23 is just as good, if not better than the s24, with respect  to zoom.
Holdup 😮 @mrwhostheboss married already? When is the wedding video coming out please…
why they can't make camera like sony it has continues zoom telephoto camera
can you review nokia g60 5g please
I love your videos hehe but just wanted to ask you if it was legal to put on the social media the plates of a car. I mean the BMW that we saw on your video. Wouldn't this put you on trouble ?
Hi Mrwhoistheboss I'm a fan from Ghana 🇬🇭 I really love Samsung phones especially the Samsung s23 ultra but I can't afford it. Would you please give me your s22 ultra 😢?
I’m actually kinda worried about Titanium on the S24 Ultra.  As we’ve seen in the iPhone 15 Pro, the back glass breaks much easier than in the 14 Pro and before, and that is likely because titanium doesn’t absorb the stress as well as stainless steel does due to it’s hardness.  I may be wrong about it, but the S24 Ultra being Titanium might not be great from a durability standpoint.
What’s with the gold chain?
Am I the only one feeling this his top?😂….  I can’t stop looking at it😹👍🏾
Why are you so harsh and with double standard with Samsung?  But seem8ngly sheepish and manifest total partiality like a FAN BOY towards iphone?
please be honest, what phone you use for your daily? iphone or android?
Screen competition is literally every other phone? I don't understand that but still a good review!
Do you even know the size of LLMs. They can never be run offline in a phone :)
If you somehow be able to crack that screen   Err... How do you even do that?
Did u give away S24 to boy behind you.😂
Who likes Samsung more than iPhone?
is it finally time to upgrade from my S21U ?
Am I the only one bothered that he's wearing an apple watch while reviewing a Samsung phone?
Do this have eSIM?
Where did you get the t-shirt from ? I want to know
Hold down a home button?
I think the editing of photos with so is getting scary, it was useful with the pixel but Samsung just has less restrictions so it kinda makes me wonder what a photo is anymore?
Should we expect models from the A7X series this year or only the A5X?
why are they copying apple every time?
IPhone or Android?
Is it weird that I preordered this first before watching any video about the phone? 😂
Is it’s me only that thinks Starbucks cup in video is intentional🤔.
Someone tell him squirtle is not a word in the dictionary...
Bro are you having a tooth ache?
didn't pixel  did the same for ai features??
I'm using s23ultra... Anything to worry about the s24 ultra? 😅😂
I am thinking that if the phone can read all my texts reads others text listen to call conversations than what about privacy.?
Such an ugly design, honestly if they were going to repeat designs they should've kept the s21+/Ultra design, it looked so good
What about Dex?
I'm using S23 Ultra and I'm planning to upgrade it to S24 Ultra...worth it? What's your suggestions????
Hey mrwhosetheboss can you make an review of infinix hot 40 pro please and also love your videos keep up the good work!
Why is everyone so afraid of comparing the 10x zoom against the S23 Ultra?????????
Its better to upgrade from s23 ultra to s24 ultra or not??
How many of you know They are going to CHARGE AI FEATURES after 2025....its only free till 2025.
Is it worth updating over S23 ultra to this?
When you can finally get the new s20
Since AI is software, could it be added as an update on S23 Ultra?
How much has the s-pen improved as compared to s23 ultra? Or there is no improvement
Who else saw the person catching the phone behind 😅😅😅
Anyone know if the AI feature is free or subscription model ?
Why can't Samsung skip the front facing camera and invent a better solution? Ive seen a few version on other phones that works.
Did you just say titanium is better at conducting heat than aluminium? 😂 just making stuff up as you go along - aluminium is 10x more thermally conductive than titanium.
What if AI is hacked and work for hacker 😂
Why not swap out the 3x zoom with 5x zoom instead of replacing the 10x zoom... You can digitally zoom from the main camera to achieve 3x and still be quality... Concert goers would appreciate 10x ...  Samsung should drop the 3x and bring back the 10x on the s25
12:42 did samsung really just put up DLSS frame gen in their "in slow mo"? 😭😭😭
How did you get it in the next second this released
14:10 why starbuck??
Since you are switching to android, can we expect some more enthusiast-like videos like exploring root access in 2024, maybe the state of custom ROMs, something on the state of stock ROMs, etc once the initial quarter launches are done?
How much you got paid for it
Hey Arun why don't you create a dedicated video on nano technology.
Sharp edges??? 😅😅😅😅😅
Which all features of new S24 will be seen in S23 series with Software update??
Are You wearing an apple watch?????😮😮😮😮😮
the design is so different that I got confused which one is which.
I never watched the video, but I thought the titanium was causing the i15 to overheat?...I'm not sure, kinda asking I guess
those high nits wont stay under the sun.... question is how many nits when used under the sun?
Hey @Arun, the video is stunning but the white/flashy light during the transition was annoying to eyes especially during night. Can you try to fix that in upcoming videos.😊😊😊
Where is the Bixby with Bard? A lost opportunity!
Is galaxy ai gonna be available on the s23 ultra too?
Isnt there a "you can only talk about the good stuff" phase on this?
Will this have expandable memory?
Thanks... For detail video.  Am confused between Fold 5 and Ultra 24. Pls guide which one to buy.
So basically, they just copied pixel?
Dude. How much screen time the phone got in this video? Stop filming yourself.
while everything is all amazing, im still baffled why the switching speed from 0.5 to 1x or 2x is still slower than iphone
Is this still an 8bit screen ?
How safe it is to use AI generative tech on the new generation of smartphones ?? They all require internet to do the requisite changes and nothing can be done if you’re offline, this makes your device more vulnerable.
Titanium is not a material that can be easily bent, so I doubt the phone case is Titanium, but rather 1% Titanium and 99% Aluminium.
I am confused should i buy s23 or s24? 😅 is s23 now gonna be cheaper that the s24 is lauched
Will anyone talk about the RING? Anyone? ok.
Is that gold chain given to you by Drisha ??
Boasting the "scratch resistance" of a Samsung screen anywhere beyond 2020 is a joke. Had my S20 FE for over 2 years and through real usage scenarios, It hasn't had a single scratch.   All of this phone design situation has got me thinking though, about how far 1st world problems have come worrying about the most ridiculous things like "Oh this new phone has a more curved screen whereas the previous one didn't" or "This phone has a 15% faster CPU than the last one". I am admittedly guilty of falling into this trap, But we sink so heavily into those minor changes that we don't see anything else that makes a genuine worthwhile investment. Is it so hard for a company as big as Samsung to make worthwhile, functional changes instead of bigging up the most ridiculous, microscopic ones? Bring out a phone, make sure it does it's best, and watch it roll in those numbers. The comparison between the last phone and this one is so absolutely minimum that they aren't even a selling point. Great, my phone screen is curved now and the graphics move faster. Fantastic. I don't care.
Why did they remove the aux port 😭💀 that was one of the cool things about the Samsung phone still love samsung though  ❤
Isn't titanium actually a worse thermal conductor? I thought that was why iPhone 15 pros were overheating?
is it just me that doesnt like pointy corners
Sir can I get any phone you can provide I don't have that economical support so I can't afford it it will clearly help me ❤❤   Love your video  Lots of lovee❤❤
Why is he wearing an apple watch- I swear he never wears stuff like that during a vid
i have one problem where is samsung note phone🥲
What's a " Rooter"?
I'm just wondering if this AI feature will be given as well to older Galaxy models in the next update... will it??
What's your thought on AI and privacy, like it's constantly going through all the things na , even texting!? Like when companies introduce custom rom and ai integration into it how much can we trust on it .. !!!
What I always ask myself is how metal frames (in this case titanium) actually contribute to increased stability when they are interrupted in several places by plastic strips🤔
How did he get it so fast
Arun where did you buy your tee shirt from
When will you be reviewing the new gaming phones and vivo x100 pro? I'm waiting 😢
how the hell is it going to know what a squirtle is
Aaron is it just me or you don't just like pixel phones? You seem to compromise with hiccups on Samsung and iPhone but not pixel phones.
Can his basic iPhone brain handle the S24U?😂 Also the boxier the better. Don't cry about sharp edges. That's what distinguishes the Ultra from others. And stick to your iPhone or get the S24/+ if you want rounded corners.
Hey guys I want to ask you some questions that 8g is enough or not
Is the Galaxy AI Paid ?
A lot of those AI features, especially the language translation(and notes!) and can be used while offline?!! Wow! That is something I can get behind on.  I might actually ignore that they are not bringing back an SD card slot just for having that offline AI capability.  The image search one sounds like google image search from before though.
Bro idk what to get now a iPhone or a new and better Samsung?
Am I the only one, who is happy not to exchange s23 ultra for 24 ultra? I really like my 10x lens. 🤭
Does the video feel somewhat dark???
Is the 4k 120fps video recording available on all lenses or just the 1x lens ?
Anyone know what this weird section on the right side of the s23 ultra on the bottom that looks like a fingerprint sensor does or is? If u know you know what im talking about
Didn't you flip to Z flip ?
Finally the point where samsung takes over apple?
Great video, but what's with that gold chain around your neck...? 😀
Will any of these improvements improve signals? Cellular and data signal?
Don’t know if I’d switch from Apple. Even with all the new features is it gonna be worth it to lose the ecosystem functionality that Apple has? And are you gonna switch back if the iPhone 16 Pro Max is the same or better?
is it worth to buy samsung s22 ultra?
Still no AI for Bixby ?
What happen after 7 years ? never had that issue you can't update your Android at all ? like you are stuck with whatever is on the phone after the period ?   (I mean except if you flash the phone and put another OS in it like some sysadmin do)
Is Samsung still loading their phone with bloatware they think you should have?
samsung s24 ultra vs honor x9b screen durability test.
Need opinion, should i upgrade from galaxy note 9 to S24 Ultra or just S23 Ultra. I really need an upgrade for my phone this year
Will Galaxy AI be available on the older phones via software upgrades?
Who buys a phone based on color? Only to buy a phone case and cover it....
day 3 of asking for a pc
Seems Samsung and Google are copying each other .... ???
is there any chance we see this new features on S23 ultra with one UI 6.1 Update?
Why are the AI features not available on the S23? 😅
Can it make me lose weight?
Even though I'm a teen! Still looking at it feels like it's getting too futuristic! Correct?
Can apple compete now
What's skwuttle?
Where is the video magic eraser?
Will galaxy ai come to s23 lineup?
My note 10plus from 2019 had base 12gb ram and 256gb ssd, plus sd card slot. No 16gb ram???
I wonder how long till people like me would even be able to afford such 😅
Can you use the s23 ultra phone case on the s24 ultra phone?
So are the features halfbaked?
well, you have the money - and the ability to write off some hardness testing scribes. get to it. they're pretty expensive for normies. how scratch resistant is it really? i dont need a new phone. but i may buy the s24
@3:40 a roooter?😂
The galaxy AI seems like a very nice upgrade. I have one question: How is galaxy AI applied using the phone in DEX mode?
I'm sorry. Why is all this AI stuff only on the S24? Is there specific hardware it needs to have? I get that you might need more power to feed it, but this all feels kinda software based. Of course I don't know much about how AI works with different components
How do you buy it 😢😢😢
at 3.42  what the f is a rooter?
I don't know, I am a bit iffy about the AI component. I'll stick to my A54.
17:45 What if the other guy on the line just didn't like you?
i want a samsung phone but i also want an apple watch..what should i do?
Love your vid. Some how as phone tech influencer can you review the phone in more technical test graph like fps vs temperature vs power consumption instead of just some physical or ui, all of these can be seen in Samsung showcase?  Many chinese phone influencer did it with even putting it in oven, but they speak Chinese which hard to understand.
Will we get these features in the s23 ultra
What about the video stabilization like when you are running ?
Do you think it overtakes pixels 8 series AI?
S24 and s24+ wondering if they are in the same lineup
Day 1 of asking to do a redmagic 9 pro review
10:50 Wtf do you mean? The S24 is on the left, right? If yes, then It's clear that its worse, both in quality and dynamic range!
Is it just me or when an AI feature does a patchy job or 80% good it doesn't impress me at all. That AI image editing thing is something I wouldn't even use if it simply does patchy results or pictures that look clearly edited.
Does it have SD card option?
What's the release date? Can't wait to get rid of my google pixel 7.
Is it worth it to upgrade from the S21 Ultra Exynos version?
So does the S24 blows the new iPhone 15 ProMax away?
Basically all upgrades are AI?
If only they could have added qi 2 charging!
For the life of me I can't tell in the comparison shots which one is the S23 ultra or S24 ultra
Theres a NEW SAMSUNG PHONE?? WHY DO I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS!?!?!
So Samsung copies Apple and brings titanium, they also keep the same design since 2022, and no one says anything?  Edit they also copied the 5x zoom like Apple did HAHAHA they realized nobody cared about the 10x zoom lens
Comments, please help me here, should my friend upgrade from his S23 Ultra which he currently has? He’s losing 500A dollars.
Is s20 ultra worth this year?
@mrwhoosetheboss As samsung fixed the PWM dimming issues on the new s24 ultra ?
still has a hole-punch camera? ill pass lol , still going strong with galaxy note 9!
Are all AI related features available for S24 and S24+ too?
Idk why I still want a Samsung note 8 or a note 10+ in the multicolor.
Do we really need those features? For INR 1.35L 😂
So how do those ppl on twitter move the body parts of a human in an image…? If an ai can help you fill in the frames by doing that, it would be amazing
Is the phones you're getting in the UK getting different specs?... I got 12gb of ram on my Galaxy S23 Ultra.
If an ai can generate frames based on the motions and its range, but it can make a 2 fps video into a 60 fps one, that would be an ai animation….
Where do you get the money to buy all these phones, I'm jealous!!
I'm debating upgrading to this from my S22 Ultra? What yall think?
Did anyone notice that he used the S23 in the ai editing part
How can you not mention how most of these 'amazing' AI features were already on, or being simultaneously released on the Pixel line? It's great, but it's odd how the same features got a 'blah' from you when released on the Pixel.
Not a fan of the chain ⛓️ when did he start wearing that 😅
better than iphone 15 pro?
How's bixby in Galaxy S24 ultra? Arun, please mention how bixby is in S24 ultra.
Yall checked the price yet? Absolutely dying to get one but wowzers that'll create a dent in my account for sure😂
what if you dont pass the phone?
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
Why does the phone in Thumbnail look like jpg...
Samsung is copying iPhone?! They finally realized they can spend less on design for more profit.
How did you miss ‘a sub to the channel would be… AI-ght?
Does the front camera unlock banking and other apps etc? Thats the 1 thing the bugs me about samsung
if ur switching to samsung, y do u have an apple watch?
So Google and samsung both have ai. What's Apple going to do now? 😅 they are still behind in a lot of things
I'm assuming they haven't added expandable storage back? If they have though that's pretty big.
What about the screen being able to resist burn in?
Where's the micro sd slot.
Shame they haven't changed the look much. I do have some questions though will the uk also get the snapdragon chip as well and it this enough of jump from the S22 ultra to be worth and upgrade?
Does the guy who caught iPhone 15 pro max get to keep it??????
How is there no option to trade in a Z Fold 4? They have trade in value for Z Fold 5, and Z fold 3! WTF??
I have a question your apple watch ultra will you be doing the switch completely and go with the watch 6 classic now? Its a great watch not long got one but make the full switch get the full Samsung experience
Surely half these features can easily be imported to the pervious 2 Ultra's. Probably be in an update. This seems like a launch gimmick.
Does this feel like a "new iphone" review to anyone else? All those new things but at the end of the day it feels like I've just seen the exact same phone as last year
No beautiful white color,,?
one minute in and I can't even tell which phone Arun is talking about on screen, and then goes to call the two tone purple nothing but unique? When his own iPhone 14 pro had the exact same colour? Feels like this video is scripted by Samsung to me Edit: also wearing an Apple Watch kinda kills the argument that you're actually moving to Samsung again
Why does this look like a promotion, also Ai features only free till 2025? no thanks.
Anyone upgrading from s23 ultra? In Canada they're offering $1160 trade in value and 0% interest... trying to resist fomo but that trade in tho
Gonna keep my S23 Ultra till the S26 is out, will it still work well till then?
What’s a rooter?
Why are you wearing apple watch instead  of samsung galaxy watch ?
15 pro max or S24 ultra .. should i switch iPhone to Samsung need your suggestions guys
Is it worth the upgrade from the S23 Ultra?
Should I pre-order one?
Do u guys think it's worth the upgrade from s22 ultra? Dont mind the price point just asking from an upgrade perspective? Lmk what u guys think!
Can't they just do this via software update for the 23U?
Cool and all! Now can you ship it to me??
Another fantastic review. With all the hard work you put into each video you really breakdown each part and if they are better or worse. What works and what needs improvements. I am wondering if it is worth it to upgrade from the S23 Ultra to the S24 Ultra or wait for the S25 Ultra as I am still paying off the S23 Ultra?
Idk, still not convinced I should upgrade my S22 Ultra or not.
Does it have SD memory expansion?  That's why I'm still hanging on to my old Note 20 Ultra
can you do a camera social media test and compare it to the iphone please
Who’s the f edit your video brp😢. The fade in transition so annoying
hey guys abt the "double the storage" thing, let's say i buy the max 1tb storage, will they make it 2tb or not?
Is there the chats app for iMessages
My only question i have is are you going to take the ultra 2 watch off and start wearing Galaxy gear?
I have an S21 plus. would i notice a big difference with speed and smoothness with this phone? does the screen and color look a lot better?
Maybe my screen wont break so easily now that its a flat screen 😊
00:17 – Did anyone notice the poor guy in the background whose job it was to catch his iPhone? 😂
why do people go on about the sides and colours on phones when  no one ever uses them without a case so really doesn't matter , you will have to get rid of that iwatch if you are switching over  to samsung ..........
Can you show the new always on display? I want to see if it added new clocks and colors.
So widgits will come to the S24 Ultra now without Goodlock? I'm using Goodlock on my S23 U to get them now.
Why did you use the US spelling gray instead of the correct English, grey?
ok, cool, but wheres the sd slot? there isnt one... i will pass
Is S24 using Qualcomm Chip in Europe as well?
18:07 Circle to Search - how doe it work when gestures are enabled?
I have S22Ultra at the moment and I am not sure should I upgrade it now? or wait for S25Ultra.  Would you consider upgrade from S22Ultra to S24Ultra?
Is this an ad or actual views?
On board ai software 😮 soo if i buy the half tera variant the usable storage is gonna be 100gb?
I really would like to know what AI models that samsung is using for all those AI things. Like I guess that it is all based on google AI's for example: the message generation thing is probably powered by bard but it would be nice to know for real
Am I stupid? I just purchased an s23 ultra 2 days ago 🤬🤬
What's the HBM rating then? (High Brightness Mode)  If 2,600 nits is now the peak for outdoor sunlight usage then what the hell is the nit rating for HDR content??  Before they used to be two separate ratings as you can see on GSM Arena's website.  The HBM rating used to be for outdoors in sunlight while the peak brightness rating was for watching HDR content.
What if the guy behind the desk missed the catch? Lmao.
So now Samsung is totally copying iPhone?
How will Circle to Search work with swipe navigation instead of 3 button navigation?
Anyone knows if AI features will work on S23 Ultra?
Glass, how much has it changed for the last 5 years, while yearly they upgrade the model name
Is it just me but the tables have turned, Now samsung has no upgrades and Apple now acctually has features worth upgrading
But do you have to pay a subscription for the Ai??
does the phone start with 512 gigs and go up to 2 terabytes or more with now having 8k video is going to need to hold more storage and that storage is going to go quickly
Am i the only one who was await for his vedio ? ❤
Is the screen flat???????
Hasn't the Pixel 8 beaten them to the first AI punch?
Isnt Samsung making the A.I. features only good for a year then after you have to pay for it as a subscription service?
so smart dude how do you get phones so fast love these vids!
No 10X? No thanks.
I currently using a s23 ultra and debating whether to upgrade to s24 ultra not sure tho
Would u replace the s22 ultra with the s24 ultra? It's worth it?
what’s all the things bad about this phone?
What's the pwm? Is it finally 10 bit colour?
In just 4 hrs and almost 20 million views. Do our lives have anymore meaning than just watching the release of new phone designs
He said it can't understand what he says yet asks if squiddle is even a word? Squirtle isn't a real word at all lmao how do you expect it to understand gibberish to an actual language?
I use the 10x feature all the time at work, helps me read far away labels . 😢 Why would they remove that 😣.
S24 phone looks great but is that an Apple Watch? 😂
I'm samsung ❤,  when will they introduce thermal camera, hopefully s25, will have it😢
Did he just pronounce "Router" as "Roo - ter"?... come on Arun😂😂😂
IDK if it's only me but he complains less in iPhone reviews compared to android?! 🤔
How much is that Samsung paycheck?
I'm thinking about getting the S24, but not the ultra. Just a regular model, but I'm curious what features are gonna be missing on the regular S24 VS the ultra???
okay but for the google circle/search things, how would you enable that if you use gesture navigation? cant long hold the home button if there is no home button.
come on man you couldn"t give at least an ten ?
How do you manage to make the most informative & unbiased review in the midst of a million videos uploaded that are all the exact same??? Great video!
Was this a Starbucks ad?  Freepalestine.
Can't tell if they meant to show the number plate
Is there any news about the satellite calls and messaging which was rumoured to be installed in this 24ultra. Cheers.
Hey, what do you do with the old phones bro?
Can you do a video about the samsung laptops ????? Thank youuuuuu
What about the AI only being free for until 2025?
who saw the guy catching the phone behind?
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into $AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
Why does anyone care about colors or the looks of a phone? They go immediately into a case that 100% covers the color and finish of it.
So UK and EUROPE got EXYNOS or SNAPDRAGON variant?
Will the AI features come to the s23 to?
Day 1 of asking for a new iPhone 15 pro max
Fuck do they really need to make a new overpriced phone every year, who needs all this AI crap anyway.
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic AWT88K ?
So your saying someone that types to me in USA English it will translate into proper British English? And vice versa? Also how is the phone with all the British slang?
Squirtle, a made up word for a Japanese anime? Man, you can do better than that
Dont know if this is happening to everyone, but I dont see Galaxy Z Fold 4 as a trade in device in the list
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
Where is all the talk about AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic AWT88K ?
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic AWT88K ?
When will you be able to review the S24?
So my question is, is my iPhone 15 Pro Max worth selling to get this one?
I have a s22 ultra. The battery life is getting worse. I am using 85% battery life saver mode. Do you think its a good thing to do. Does that mode really protect the life span of the battery? Do they upgrade this mode in the next gen?
Where is all the talk about $AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
So I’m a small phone enjoyer, besides the extra camera and the pen, is there any software features or anything that the ultra has over the base model?
So is it possible to get snapdragon in the UK? I thought only north Amaris’s?
You seriously not gonna mention the Exynos for a lot of countries which is a lot less powerful and operates a lot hotter than the snapdragon? This is misinformation, a lot of people are expecting to have snapdragon performance when buying this phone and wont get it
So Samsung is following Apple on similar designs for their phones?
Wait the ultra wide lens is 0,5 instat 0,6 😮
cant believe any flagship phone STILL has a holepunch for the front camera like why are they not underscreen?
Getting my hopes back with $AWT88K who is joining the crew?
Is the banana blur still there and lens flair at night?
Getting my hopes back with $AWT88K who is joining the crew?
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into $AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
Why are you grading the Ai translations so high? when they have translated things wrong in multiple of your sections. If it fails at what its supposed to do it shouldnt get more than a 1 .
Hi, can you do s24 ultra vs 15 pro max video, even though your biased towards iphones.
bro am i the only one who noticed somthing else here  👻 11:48
Think its time to upgrade from my S20+ now?
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic AWT88K ?
Getting my hopes back with AWT88K who is joining the crew?
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
Where is all the talk about AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
Where is all the talk about AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
Will that AI also come to the S 23 series?
This is literally the same phone again. Are they trying to be like Apple?
Dude.. Curved screen EDGE.. NOT curved screen🤦‍♂️ Two different things. I.e LG G-Flex and LG G4 had curved screens. And Samsung TVs for awhile🤪
I'm a content creator, and I need a new phone? Should I get iPhone or Android?  Edit: this isnt my main youtube account
Help! ¿Iphone 15 pro max or S24 Ultra?
OOft. What is this guys review going to be like? Thank you for the effort you put in Arun.
Sooooo Who would benefit from this phone and who should let it pass them by until there are real world advantages?
At 18:43, that German translation is equivalent to saying something like ‘Hey, how it you go?’ Lol. ‘Geht’ should come after ‘wie’
14:25 is this the logo of Bard? Do I assume Google helped Samsung with their AI
But why is he wearing Apple Watch?
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
Where is all the talk about AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
But can it play AAA games
2:48 who the hell uses phone like that
Still these ai add ons are useless. Like why not make Googles face unblur? Why not make unblur photos?
Any word on Zoom Anyplace and Night   Mode for Video?
does it translate text in clash of clans?
How is the Al compared to pixel 8pro?
Does it have SOS satellite connectivity or not?
Hmm, first time in a while, and i mean a while, its tempting to switch from IOS! What a phone!   Great hands on!
Can you do a comparison between this Samsung and the new pixel please
Aren't the most "ai"-features it has stuff that Pixel had years before?
hey guys. Im poor because I have to feed my wife. I really like this phone. Can someone send me money so I can buy it please?
Will this ai come to zflip 5?
What about the color calibration and the irritating eyes display?
Lol ask the same questions of apple products because they are the master of ambiguity and reviewers like him will gloss it lime it is groundbreaking.
As always, excellent video. Are some of those software features the same (or tweaked versions) on the Pixel 8 Pro? (e.g., some of the photo editing, the recorder, rewriting text in different tones)? A lot of the Samsung-only features are pretty amazing, too.
Where is all the talk about Amazons AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic Amazons AWT88K ?
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into Amazons AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic Amazons AWT88K ?
Getting my hopes back with Amazons AWT88K who is joining the crew?
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into Amazons AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
Where is all the talk about Amazons AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
Getting my hopes back with Amazons AWT88K who is joining the crew?
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic Amazons AWT88K ?
Getting my hopes back with Amazons AWT88K who is joining the crew?
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic Amazons AWT88K ?
Love the vid! But who’s the boss?
Why is no one talking about the fact that Pixel phones have 90% of these features already? And why Arun never mentions Pixels these days since the launch of Pixel 8 and 8 Pro.
Are you not using Apple watch ultra 2?
who else is still using iphone 11 ?
True Titanium or like apple just a bit sprinkled in and pretend? But it looks more like a Sony design language
Does it have something like actionmode?
so when are we getting AI sorting and categorization for  photo gallery?
Is the s23 ultra getting all of this?
now compare these new features to what apple did with 15 pro max, lmao
WIFI 7? My router was 1200$. Im ready for this phone.
How different would the Exynos versions' performance be?
Will it have the picture face swap ebility that pixel has?
But what are those AI features? Google image search? lmaoo like honestly
I mean, is Squirtle even a word?
Why they not allow this to olddr phones to have ai image editing xd. Its so funny how samsung making it into a paywall.
I love samsung, but arent those google pixel 8 pro selling features?? and transcribing conversations are already available in google translate :/ I don't know if Samsung Ai can beat the massive database that google's ai has in its arsenal.
Hey, has Samsung got rid of the bloatware that is within? I'm sure that the phone would be 50% faster than it is. I hate bloatware!!!
No edge anymore?? Back to flat style again? Nooooo 😭
So why is he still wearing an Apple watch
What will they change in next year ....
Why didn't you mentor that the Galaxy S24 does not use Snap Dragon chip in the UK they only use it in certain regions and is the Samsung chip comparable to the Snap Dragon?
Can the AI make 60hz mode display seem smooth like apple's 60hz display? Id like that haha...im so curious why their 60hz so laggy compared to iphone.  Reason i aske d this is cuz i have s23 and i found out that i can be out of my house for the whole day while coming back home with 25-30 left on my phone while on power saving mode. So imagine having 120hz for fun and a smooth 60hz XD. Wud be nice.
When can i buy it? Or well, trade up. Since my S23 Ultra is eligible i want power.. NOW!
will an s24 ultra case work on an s23 ultra anyone?
13:10 And this.... is where as an artist, I feel icked out by the phone. Is this genAI built on the same unethical grounds as all major genAI models are today? I was so happy when watching the Unpack event that it seemed like the AI features were actually thoughtful and pretty ethical. This detail feels pretty suck-y sigh
11:28 how do i get this always on display on my s21 ultra?
so whats new that can make us wish to buy this phone ???😂😂 If u want to buy for camera than go for vivox100 pro as it has better storage nd good mediatech chip. and also cheaperrrrrr....
I want to know what Apple thinking now 😂
Also...  if samsung is going to start partnering with google on everything.. why didnt they do it with the translation?  everyone knows samsung voice to text is terrible..  I dont see it improving unless you can route through google.
11:28 is it just me or did they copy the iPhone AOD😂😂😂😂like literary everything else 😅😅😅😅that's so gheto Samsung be original please. Like everything new on that phone is already in the iPhone
I'm using an S10e rn and while it still works very very well and i'm happy with it I do feel like an upgrade is getting more and more needed soon. Should I go for the S23 Ultra or S24 Ultra?  Like they seem very similar, yes S24 Ultra has some things here and there that are slightly upgraded like the chip, design wise i like both but not really sure as of now which one to get...
Hey bro, can you do a review on S24 and S24+ with exynos 2400 chipset
So, with the release of the S24 Ultra, that means the S23 Ultra will depreciate to the price of the S22 Ultra? And if that happens, the S22 Ultra then drop to the cost of the S21 Ultra, making it possible for me to afford the S20 Ultra? I'm just trying to upgrade my S10+ and officially welcome myself to the 'Ultra' family!" 😄
Any news on satellite communication ability?😎
How did he get the Samsung s24 before the reveal
Ai features r similar to pixel 8 if I m not wrong..what's different?
wonder when google  will switch its pro phone to titanium
So do these features work with s24+?
22:14 where did Mexico go?
When are you gonna talk about apples new app?
I have the ultra 23÷, I love my camera and the zoom part of it. How is this new phone going to take a better picture of the moon close up? My question is, does this new phone have a better camera as far as taking photos from way up on a stadium to the stage at a concert
Loved the video, keep it up boss! Could you put a video and then put into slow mo by holding down your finger and then or before start screen recording and then slow it down again for infinite slow mo?
should i upgrade from s23 ultra to s24 ultra
Any PC ports why so much processing power if it can only run genshin impact and geometry dash ?
what did you do to your s23 ultra,still using?
I just want to know if there's a bixby at gpt4 level with which you can endlessly talk to (no token limit). If so, I'm immediately getting it.
Got the Samsung S10+ will this phone be a true upgrade? S10+ performance have been worse with the time now
I wonder why they didn't replace the 3 timees zoom with a better 5 times zoom instead and improve the quality of the 10 times zoom
Doesnt it have exynox chip in there for UK? How bad it us compared to snapdragon or is it not even noticable?
Am i missing something? That photo features are on older phones for a while (erase objects, crop etc). On my s22 ultra is this many months already, so no selling point, but that other stuff is great 😊
Should I switch from the pixel 7 to s23u or s24u? I think the S24u kinda the same as S23u...
Will the s23 get these AI updates ??
Let's see how long it takes apple to catch up
can you change the white screen transitions to something else please?
I can't help but wonder how much screen burn in is in our futures with these really bright amoled screens
And its just first impressions video … Seriously??? 😅
If you are ditching your Apple, what will do regarding your watch?
Bruv what the hell is the Apple A17 pro fam men's straight from the future mate
Great video but who else is getting annoyed by that apple watch???😢
How can I set my phone up with that exact same always on display! That was sick! Thanks for all the wonderful content!
Corning Gorilla Glass Armor vs Honor X9B drop test. Who will win? 😂
Is the ai on the samsung a54
Who else noticed the ring?
Will the ai feature come to s23ultra?
Wait....when did they release it💀
Have you seen Jerryrig Everything teardown of iPhone 15 Pro Max? It's a bit of a scam - the outer frame has a titanium "vinear" it's not suddenly full titanium - that would add 100s of £s to the price. I suspect Samsung might have done the same.
Is it in stores?
I heard a rumour that the AI stuff if free only for first year and after that you would need to pay for it if you want to use it further. Is this true?
What would be the cost of this phone?
Does anyone know howto customize the camera app ? If you open the camera app, the botom right button with circular arrows (front/rear camera switch) used to be the video mode button. I'd like that button back as I never use the selfy camera and have no need for that button. Thanks everyone.
Will Galaxy AI be an S24 exclusive? I'm really thrilled to see its power, but I am stuck on a base S21 (which received the 6.1 UI update)
Very skeptical about the new zoom stuff...
I wonder why he didn't review the s24 and s24 plus? I would like to know those specs as well, that way I can decide which one to buy. But anyway great content!!!😊
So the big news is it has AI apps pre installed that work worse than the ai apps available in the app store? Hmm ok.
is the new AOD from One UI 6.1 available for s23 series?
Will the European models have Snapdragon or exynos chipset?
How much was it
Am I the only on that noticed arun is wearing an Apple Watch 😂
does it come with sim card?
The newest Iphone is Iphone 15 pro right?
Does it really need that many cameras on the back though?
does anyone know how to get that cool lock screen at 11:27 ?
Will this be another example of how Apple takes their time and then does it way better?
Is that it have 7 years of software update support?
Am I the only one thinking about how handy these AI features will be on the Fold 6 later this year?
Am I the only one who feels that all this AI stuff doesn't say anything to me and doesn't incite me to buy the S24 ultra? I think most people will stick to their S23 ultra
Will some of the AI features also come to the older phones? I mean they don't have the special chip but it could be possible and very nice
Don't they realize it's an s23 ultra with software upgrades? haha.
Where’s asus rog 8 pro review? I only need you to review it!
6:00 The peak performance has never really made much of a difference but did that stop iPhone users from mentioning it EVERY chance they got? NO SO RUB IT IN THEIR FACE lol
Should I return my OnePlus Open to get this ???
I'm sorry but why is everyone talking like the Pixel doesn't already do a lot of this already? I'm very confused.
Why such annoying BGM?
Do you think phone is having difficulty with British accent.
What about the regular S24 and plus models? What features do they get?
yo arun i have a budget phone and wondered if you can do a review on the honor magic 6
I assume as these ai features are software related they'll come to s23 series phones eventually will they?
if you switched to S24 Ultra why is it an apple watch on your wrist? it doesnt work with Samsung.... wanker...
Will there be comparisons reviews with the S24 and the S24+?
I really wonder about your privacy while using your phone. Will it use every keyboard input to train said AI or will it really only be local without searching for the server every 2 seconds.
Will S24 Ultra come with Exinos 2400 in Europe or the whole world gets Snapdragon?
I wonder if besides playing Genshin impact will there be really a meaningful experience difference between this and my pixel 8 pro?   Usually Samsung is good at providing power but lacks on the optimization department and phones end up feeling lagging and incomplete.
What about the battery performance compared to S23 Ultra?
Is it worth upgrading from the S22 ultra ?
I'm on the fence. I own a Note 20 Ultra. Should I upgrade to the S24 Ultra or wait for the S25 Ultra?
Will Thes ai feachers ever come to the 23 and 22 ?
does tap to circle works in full screen gestures??
DOES IT ZOOM IN AND OUT AT 100x on (VIDEO MODE)?
Please tell me, is the colour reproduction of the photos better this time?
Has anyone mentioned the Exynos in the room ?
good video but how did it already release?
Couldn’t they do most of this by a software update? Like the ai stuff?
Umm is that an apple watch with a samsung phone which bro has switched too 😅
Samsung playing guess the difference like iPhone
I don't understand what part of this cannot be done on the S23 Ultra
So they basically copied Google on a lot of features? That's not necessarily a bad thing, but nothing spectacular either.
Any word about Qi2 wireless charging?
Can anyone tell me how can I get the wallpaper and AOD used by Arun at 11:29 ?
Will circle to search be on older samsung phones like an s21 plus?
And what about the ring!?
I didn't watch the full video, but is Samsung pushing subscriptions in order to use the AI features.
How much did they paid you?
Is Samsung strengthing and developing their partnership with Google and shelving their relationship with Microsoft? (referencing your Samsung and Google are at War video).  A lot of the notes app features are available in Microsoft apps with co-pilot through their partnership with OpenAI. Seems like Google wants to win the AI war in smartphones now that Microsoft is winning the AI war on PC.
Since when have u started wearing a smartwatch lol.
do you get galaxy way before the unpacked event?
17:23 why was she using a fake sticker of samsung a7 over her phone and covered her apple logo on her mac?? 😂
Am I crazy or are most of the AI features on this phone just taken straight from the latest Pixels? Things like chat assist, summarizing articles, live translation, AI wallpapers, AI image editor, have been on pixels for a while?
All I wanna know is how dark the brightness goes? Using my phone at night it sure would be nice to have an actual dimm phone
Vs. the competition, oh you mean the competition that uses the same glass as Samsung or the competition as in the non existent company in competition with gorilla glass?
How are the macro capabilities on the camera? All i want is an android flagship with a great macro camera like huawei
Happy with 23 ultra maybe 25 ultra is worth upgrade
Is it me or his T-shirt looks futuristic AF
Do You Think The Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra With Titanium Vs Apple IPhone 15 Pro Max With Titanium Is Better
Any language? Or 13 only?😂
brooo why so long videos??!!!!
How do you like the video many times?
what apple watch are you currently using and do you mind doing a review on apple watches. Thank you
Will AI features be available on the next updates for S23 Ultra?
Where you got this hoodie?
Did you already try the quick share to windows feature? If yes, does it work well?
i know im not a big user i want a really clear sound speaker and headset, longest life possible and over time like will it still last all day in a year? the ai is temping but my s22 is stil lgreat and how much will it change by s25?
Will there be any AI updates for S23 Ultra?
Will samsung add its 'note assist ai' feature to existing Galaxy Tab S9?
is it’s camera better than Iphone 15 pro max..?please reply..  Love From Bangladesh.❤🇧🇩
Hey bro can u pin this
Are these updates like all the IA things only for the S24 or it will update for the S23 also?
Is ANYONE SURPRISED that we can't trade in the z fold 4 for the s24????? I'm legit shocked and pissed
can you switch between all lenses in 4K 60fps video recording ?
Did your gf forced you to introduce her or you are trying to make for something. 😂
why no 50f/s video
Wait, titanium is couple times worse than aluminium in heat conductivity, and heat dissipation…  it's not good material for heatsinkink.
I'm worried about them switching from 10x optical zoom to 5x, but if the image is better, there's no problem.
Any indians waiting for the S24 release?
Any change to the bluethooth codecs?
So they can put all this effort to shove more AI down out throats, but can't give us an Under Display Camera, despite other companies already able to do it?
Ok but does it have expandable memory or an easily replaceable battery? What about a headphone jack?
EVER HEARD OF THE HONOR MAGIC 6 PRO ??????????
Is it worth upgrading from a Note 20 Ultra?
That new color looks like... iphone's titanium? Lol
So is it worth upgrading to S24 Ultra? I just got S23 Ultra recently and I wanna know if the Galaxy AI is enough for a reason to step up a bit.  But if the Galaxy AI comes around the S23 series via a software update, I'd rather not want to go with S24 Ultra bc I personally love the color I have on my phone right now compared to the S24's colors.
Uhmm... doesn't pixels do more or less the same for years?
Waiting for the comparison between the d iPhone 15pro max and samsung note 24 ultra
So is it worth upgrading from the s22ultra doe?
Dont kno if anyone noticed on the Samsung website, but Galaxy AI features available for free at least till end of 2025... a subscription model after?!
If Samsung can make the software exciting with AI, i wonder what can Apple do to the coming iphone 16, exciting times!
@14:22 so the image on my $1500 phone gets watermarked? Are they insane?
I’m sorry but the Apple Watch is new in your wrist !!? What happened? I mean .. you do what ever you want with your wrist but damn that’s something that I like to see
why cant we have a hidden front cam like the magic red?
Can you run a Nuclear Reactor with It?
we will talk about the phone later, let talk about the new gold chain. is it 24k? 999.9? soft polish? details bruhhhh  edit :  what happened to the gold chain @9:46
Must please test the AI live translation offline. Does it need the Internet to work properly?
am i the only one that will miss the edge here ....
So whats the battery capacity, how fast is charger ? Its not like u forgot about it
I wonder which features will come to the base S24
How does this guy get his hands on phones  before they launch? Is there something he ain't telling us? 😂
why do sAMSUNG have to bring back the home button again? 😢
All the last years S23 models had the snapdragon 8 gen2. And this year only the S24 Ultra has the snapdragon 8 gen3. All the other models have Exynos 2400. Atleast thats in Europe i dont know about rest of the world. Why dit Samsung regress again and put the crappy Exynos in flagshit models? I was thinking about getting the S24 but knowing it has Exynos ill pass.
Am i the only one that double checks if the phone im using can also do this stuff?😢
Any chance samsung would be deploying these cool AI  features to s23 ultra in the near future??
Did the USB-C transfer speeds increase on this model?
I wonder if it can translate mauritian creol 🤣🤣🤣 "bouss ou liki"
Am I delusional or am I the only one who thinks that Samsung has copied everything from Google Pixel 8 Pro. Lol 😂 and add a little bit of sugar on top. No doubt these all are good features which everyone deserves. But come on Arun at least give a little credit to the Google Pixel 8 series to bring those features to this competitive market. You act like those are all brand-new features 😅.
Have an s10+, would it be worth upgrading, or should I keep waiting.
Sad that they degraded 10x optical lens to 5x. Samsung may justify that picture quality is better with new 50 mp 5x camera but what about video zoom?
Does Apple have AI features? 🤔
Nice phone, I guess we'll have to wait on Jerry Rig to see what this screen is actually made of
Snapdragon in the UK?
Every upgrade seems pretty good other than the screen not being curved
Have you got married? Noticed the ring 💍
what dirt do you have on samsung for you to be getting the S24 ultra early 😂😂😂
how much cost?
u r too fast upload s24 ultra video...how is it possiable?
No 10x optical? Thanks very much, 23u Still the best for photos
How many kidneys does it cost?
I have question, 1. The new features are good but i have a doubt about AI that all our data are send to all ai workers(online one) but what about offline one.What i mean is suppose i am working with ai offline but as soon as i connect my phone to internet what will happen? If my data of ai also get to them or not because samsung take this ai for open world type ?  Please comment me answer.
I have a question, do you know if the snapdragon gen 3 will be on all the s24 ultras worldwide? Or just a bunch of countries?
Did anyone notice he is wearing apple watch
that circle feature is interesting. m`ny times ive wanted to find an exact t shirt and fit and havent been able to. Wondering if thius is at that level
Hi I'm Idara From Africa Basically Akwa Ibom, Nigeria And I need a new good phone and can't afford it Could you help me😢
What will the Google pixel do?🤔
I'm currently watching this keynote and you're uploading reviews already 😅😅😅😅😅 are you an AI?!
Where's the battery changing speed? have Samsung cracked the 50 Watts barrier yet? I have a 4year old phone which charges at a mind bending 66 watts
S20+ worth upgrading to s24??
DID TRISHA GAVE YOU A NEW SKIN CARE ROUTINE??? Be honest 😍😍
Does Europe get the Snapdragon aswell on all S24s?
Samsung rejecting questions is a red flag.  That's from a Samsung user
Wait wait! This dude dismissed all these same features on the Pixel last year but now he is okay with them on the Galaxy? Talk about hypocrisy, this guy is a total cringe
I have a s23 ultra does my phone have 8 or 12gb of ram
Intelligent optimisation? With an S?
I'll be interested to see if the Fold 6 makes any significantly improvements. There was certainly no reason to go to a Fold 5 from my Fold 4 for example. So will it actually be worth upgrading this time around when those release
i am samsung A user and want to upgrade to S, my biggest question is should we upgrade to s24 ultra or buy the used s23 ultra instead?
Let’s see if Apple will integrate AI in iOS 18
I mean it's cool and all but realistically when would i ever use those AI features? Probably once to show off it feels like just a gimmick
The rollout for this phone has been nothing but suspense
What about charging speed? Please let me know. I can't find it anywhere.
So there is no exynos 2400?
Why do I think that the new phone being on the left side is weird to look at?
i feel like the ai photo thing should be toggleable bc if you take a picture of a sunset which is abnormal or something else and its just alters the picture completly could ruin some experiences
man, the phone looks so good, but is expandable storage still removed or was it brought back?
Will the normal S23 get an extended software update promise to 7 years?
Am I wrong if I thank Google for making Samsung good? It seems to me that Samsung used to have a terrible interface and they were filled with bloatware.. basically they sold on having a good camera and then Google Pixels started putting some pressure on Samsung and they have started getting better fast.
Is this video for Samsung or Apple? and it has more complains than introduction
New design? Who you trying to kid Arun 😂😂
So the shutter lag is fixed??
Please help me to choose which colour is the best
It got released?
Can u please make a video comparison of the s23 and s24?
How do you grow your channel to this size?
Why don't Reviewers ever talk about Samsung exclusive software? Like Edge Panels.
Really? it's the same phone..give me a break.....it's just the guts....thank God they have a flat screen now....hated the rounded screens
AI not a fan of Pokemon ?🤔🤣😂😅😄
Is this a comparism video or an impression on Samsung?
Is this phone overall better than the REDMAGIC 9 Pro though. I need to know.
Can you do 4K120 at high bitrate? Because you've been able to do that on every lens on the Sony X1 IV for 2 years now. And it has a headphone jack.
Why would titanium be better at conducting heat than aluminum?
People of the internet  S24 ultra or S23 ultra?
Any idea why Europe has to suffer, again, for not having Snapdragon but their Exynos? Do they have to meet some quota or this how the deal between Samsung and Snapdragon looks like ? I believe not even in their own country they're not forcing their potential customers to buy that crappy chip...
Did he get a new Apple Watch, or have I just not noticed it before?
Are we sure titanium is stronger, jerryrigeverything literally almost snapped the iPhone 15 titanium in half😂
is that 7 year support thing real?
Excuse me wat is the price and are the accessories available right now plz help
can't wait to get my hands on it. but moving forward, when you dont get a clear answer from Samsung, just assume they did not understand the question or did not have any answer to give.
Arun did you by any chance accidentally reveal someone's phone number beginning with 791? Might want to remove that (it's around the 20 minute mark)
Problem with circle search is u need buttons what about gesture than its gone
Has anything happened to Bixby?
Bruh it’s felt like the S23 has only came out 6 months ago. Is it just me or has time flown? Like seriously. It feels like it’s barely been 6 months.
Who noticed how huge the s23U bezels look compared to the 24U 😂😂😂
Why does this review got sponsored feels?
any idea if the s23 ultra will get the new AI abilities from the s24?
Are these s24 ai features gonna be reflected in s23??
Can i get 1 s24 ultra  as a gift.. Because i am a student and i can't afford it😢
Where the hell are classic colors? Am I the clown to use this yellow or purple phone?
What happened to Samsung having their version of Ultra HDR? Pixel is still the only phone in the world that can capture and display Ultra HDR images. Would expect Samsung's version to come this year.
Plz tell me it still has sim card
Pls compare it to Xiaomi 14 ultra when it releases
What is concerning me, is the fact the camera is trained on millions of photos and will edit your real image to then become a computer generated rendering of your  original image in whatever the software feels fits best? Especially on the zoomed images. What you take a picture of isn't what you get. I hope there is an option to remove A.I rendering. That would be good. 😊
Okay like all the AI stuff, BUUUUUUUT does it still fake moonshots? 🤨
Did anyone notice the number at 20:43 🤔
Why there is no caption?
why flagship doing boring design?
Is the Apple watch on your wrist hint to everyone?
Why is Arun wearing an Apple watch after switching to S24 Ultra 😂
Is like you are officially married? Congratulations 🎉
hey arun weird question but will you review the oneplus 12?
i was saving for s 23 ultra for long time and now i can't decided should i try and save more for the s24 ultra or get the s23 ultra in month becuse the price is alomst halfed ? :***(
Nice, now can you please make A comparison between S20U, S21U, S22U, S22U, and S23U? If you got a spare time thanks
20:47 number leaked??
How much do you want to bet that they're just doing this to get people used to the AI features before turning it into a subscription only feature
do you guys think we will get to a point where smartphone companies will start selling software updates instead of actual phones? The way I see it with every new phone every year all that changes is the software.
When you using apple watch?
Will AI feature be launched later in S23 Ultra also?
Arun, I love the oversized tee. Where’s it from? 😅
Is Galaxy Ai going to be on its predecessors?
I'd like to see an ai comparison with the new pixel range
are those features going to be available on the s23 ultra, too? because they are so cool and I just bought the phone and want these features
When can we expect the Galaxy Book 4? I was hoping for an announcement this evening but nothing 🫤
There’s a S24 now ? When did that happen?!
what happened to your elbow??
So Galaxy AI is reskinned Google Services?
Is there anything Arun can't do?
Will Galaxy AI be available for the S23 series too?
One question for everyone which colour would u pick???
Aluminium is a much better conductor of heat than Titanium, is the frame significantly thinner? Because otherwise the new phones should be worse at transferring heat from the inside to the outside.
Why is he wearing a chain Is my man trying to e a rapper 😊
SO is the new phone worth it over S23
What is that hoodie you are wearing?
does this guy has a cat?
Are we gonna see a Samsung S24 vs Iphone 15 video?
Will that AI software come to S23 Ultra or should I consider upgrading to the basically same phone? :D
Idk but I just feel to ask, are you doing good Arun? everything's okay? I hope everything's good!
Can u do a camera comparison with Vivo x100 pro and iPhone 15 pro max please..❤❤
İs there satellite messaging SOS capabilities?
2600 nits, but does it support DolbyVision yet?...
Sonys flagship's could record Last Year 4k 120fps with the Snapdragon Gen 2, whats so special @mrwhoestheboss?
Great video. Do you get the same AI Features on older phones like the S22 Ultra and S23 Ultra via software updates? They're both equipped with a more capable processor.  It's a very puzzling question for me because if you do get the features, then there's really no good reason to upgrade from 22 or 23 ultra.  If you don't get the update, this would mean that for the first time ever, you won't get the most out of your hardware because you need to pay extra for the software.
Nothing about the PWM?
1:33 are y'all idiots at Samsung ? Y'all know the Iphone 15 bending problem
Could you please compare Pixel AI features with Galaxy when you are doing a detailed review? I would like to know who is more advanced and will 8Gen 3 over takes Tensor in terms of AI
Why promoting Starbucks though?
does the UK 24 Ultra have the snapdragon gen 3 chip or is it USA exclusive?
Are we doomed? I'm still worried about the AI in this smas phone. Are they trying to be evil with us? Are they ripping off Apple?
Will website summarization work offline if the site is downloaded? There shouldn't be any reason that it could not.
Will this be on the s21?
Bro it didn’t even appear how did bro manage to make a video dude
How are people slamming iPhone for having small changes to their hardware but Samsung get away with it 💀
when did they relase it??
Damn ain't this phone supposed to launch in February?!?!?
Product that compare themselves to the "competition" are just ??? Change my mind
Will that ai features come in future updates for the s23? Or is it built in the s24? Please reply
Is this my phone or screen dimming is part of the edit?
Surely upgrading from 23 ultra to 24
Does it take real moon photos now?
What's with that wierd smirk.
Arun are youu sick or something you feel weak in videoooo whats the problem
How are you going to cope with no iPhone
Is this a sponsored video?
Van u review redmagic 9 pro ? Pls😊
Are these Ai features just for ultra?
Where is the curved display?? The major thing that distinguishes Samsung from others !
Any improvement on speakers?
Why is he talking weird
how you get it so fast
1500 euros in Spain. have we gone mad? are we out of our god damned minds?  i'll pass
all thats well and good but can it make phone calls ??
How does Arun get the phone unbox it research about it make a video edit it and upload it so fast like how? 🤔
what in the... 13:45 How the hell that AI knew the plant was behind you ??
is there seamless 4k 60 camera switching while recording like the iphone?
Should i be upgrading from iphone 14 pro max to s24 ultra?
corporate would like you to tell the difference between these two pictures
Wait, theres no black one? I'll have to keep my Galaxy Note 2 another year then (still going strong)
I swear we just had the S20...  When did Samsung churn out 6 more?
he started wearing a apple watch since when?
Does it have Qi 2 charging  (with the magnets)?
Would be nice if you could also talk about the base S24 model and the S24+ model as well, without only focusing on the ultra model
I bought S23U 512gb 2 weeks ago  (today is 17th jan). Should I be sad about not waiting. I loved the edges of s23U. but looking at 7 yr os updates, i feel sad. Will we see some features from s24 series in S23U soon?
are you not going to review the rog phone 8?
i just cannot find any update in design
Mrwhosetheboss for next video do Samsung S24 ultra S21 ultra IPhone 15 Pro max and IPhone 13 pro max with S24 plus i love battery test
Ai is the upgrade, how about they update that to the s23, s22, and even s21 line-up aswell
Where you got information that titanium is good for heat conductivity? Because it is horribly wrong. In compare with aluminum it is almost opposite.
S24 ultra or 15 pro max!! Which is better!!
Hiw did he get the phone at a fast speed and look at the views that are poppin 😮😮😮🎉🎉
Can You Please Do Samsung S24 Ultra VS iPhone 15 Pro
Who is in an hour?
Im really curious how these AI features compete with the pixel 8
Am I the only one who's excited for Mr who's the boss video more than Samsung unpack live launch
But will the new software and new always on display be on the s23 ultra ??
Wait, isn't Galaxy Unpacked still ongoing? And he already managed to post a video about it?
Why not any upgrade in the rear cameras of S24 and S24+? They are taking 1000$+ money for a phone with the same 3 years old camera hardware. While Apple is called slow in innovation upgrading their camera hardware of every iPhones each year.
Why there is no  change in design 😢
A video for new Xiaomi HyperOS software?? Plz 😊
So, am I the only one then who prefers a less bright screen anyway? I always need it low.
I was just watching the galaxy unpacked event and his video popped up how does he get hands on phones so fast (btw it’s still going on)
what galaxy phones will have galaxy AI? I have the s9
Shit got everything then?
So who is the boss?
was it even out yet ?
Was the fall intentionall?😂
When we talk about The AI Picture Future Which Phone Will Win Google pixel Series Or Samsung s24 Ultra? Magic Editior :D
11:29 Arun Wait doesn't that look how Apple did their AOD the first time? The same that they were clowning Apple on?
? First time im hearing of titanium having a higher thermal conductivity over aluminium.  Thats why aluminium is used in heat breaks over titanium ofcourse (its not)
Did he just upload this video just the minute after Samsung announced it?
Aren’t a lot of the AI features just… the ones the pixel has?
Hey @mr whosethe boss can you please get me an android phone whether used or not am tired of using mom's phone 😭😭🙏
Real question  How did Arun get the Phone so fast?
4:11 who watches films standing on bright sunlight? 😅
when is the poco x6 video comeing out
Just curious  Will you create any sponsered video in 2024 and had you made any sponsered video in 23 coz I ain't scrolling whole list of videos of yours made in 2023  Please reply
Why there is no CZECH language ???!!! Still ?! With “AI” translations etc..?!
How did the sumsang galaxy s24 come out on January Samsung phones mostly come out on February
Idk if it's just me but most of those AI Features, Pixel has already got them? Correct me if I'm wrong.
4times? JerryRigEverything will be the judge of that.😖
Is it just me or is the background music too high during this video?
Where's your energy
how the hell does this guy get the newest phones on their release
Will my s23 plus get this ai tech thing
You dont understand vs the. Competition, but compare to past SAME manufacturer model? Hai Arun, fire your team, let me learn you😂😂
2600 nits... Like for what? 😂
I hope Samsung gave the option of turning off the auto HDR processing.  I have  had night shots that I saw how good the actual take it until the processing kicks in and ruined it
How does this guy collect these phones before I know they exist
Why is it that they finally made a gold phone again when I had just locked myself into a 3 year contract
Have you ever considered doing farming/agricultural tech? Just imagined you in an alternate universe where you're  a farmer and you're called LordWhosTheBoss haha
how do you have 741 comment in 1 min
Anyone willing to switch from iphone for this?? 🤔🤨
Which one is better, Samsung or iPhone   And answer only if U used both enough to judge
Who also saw the hand grabbing the phone at the back as he threw it away  ?😂
How long will it take for the AI features to come to the s23 series though?
If he’s daily driving the s24 why is he wearing an Apple Watch?
Don't know why Samsung is handing out phones to creators even before that unpacked event 😢 Why Samsung is this desperate. Disappointed ☹️
will  the s23 ultra get Galaxy AI too?
Why am I so excited for something I can't afford
have they fixed the exploding battery yet? yea yea, it will do that after few yrs of use but still, imma be careful of it
Bro how fast did y get this
Who's watching unpacked 2024 now?
i have an old htc phone and the touch is so bad but there is no problem with the screens touch how can i fix it
So it’s the same design? Like no difference at all?
Before release?
so? who's watching the event? lol
Is there a rule where reviewers post their review at the same time? Because you and MKBHD posted your reviews at the same time
Arun, is that a wedding ring?
How has he gotten his hands on the S24 so early! Also production quality is insane.
How EARLY do reviewers get these phones before companies announce them so that Youtubers can drop content for it?? 😳😳
So there’s literally no change from design?
WTF? the event ain't even over LMAO
3:15 Whoa there since when did Titanium become better at conducting heat than aluminium??
Rog phone 8 pro where is the review?????
19K views? I must help this up and coming creator!
how's the Galaxy S24 series already out? Time really does fly.
Welcome to the comments section, what would you like for breakfast?
Could you do a vid about android 14?
Rog 8 test when?
Who’s watching the live stream on Samsung?
Excuse me, can you make a compare black shark 6 pro vs ROG 7 ultimate?
when you say you switch from a phone to another it means you also tranfer your data a make a samsung account or apple id? mrwhoustheboss?? is it even possible to have samsung account and apple id at the same time???
Am I the only one or did we all want a brand new designs? Like yes, changes are evident but we would've loved something new...
Most important question, will galaxy ai come with oneui 6.1 for the s23 ultra?
Let's talk about your last year's goal of uploading 200 videos, what happened?
Was it planned to release this within 1 minute exactly of MKBHD's video?
0:07 😂😂 What about Iphone 11 to 15 series
Do you think the s23 ultra will get discounts after this? cuz I might get the s23 ultra.
2049 views already?
How does this guy get these phones so fast????
Arun have you ever tried fencing
Who else thinks S24 Ultra will beat 15 pro max? ❤
Bro how has this guy got infinite every thing
does the legend reply??
whos watching the livestream?
why would i watch the samsung stream if i could watch this?
