Where other than in the comments is it implied that this is jr?
Is ths a movie or just an episode
wheres the engrish?
Is this a part of a full movie or only a fan made movie?
Did Godzilla win because plot armour? Really seems like Megalon was mega drilling into his chest for an eternity and then suddenly Megalon's dead.
Who else thinks this should be a tv series
Please tell me this is a real movie
Yow is this real
Why does Megalon have Rodan's roar? And where was jet Jaguar?
How are they going to repair all that?
Love the design of Godzilla and Megalon here! Also, why were the people walking so slow? XD They were so calm during the evacuation.
Why do they keep firing? even godzilla didn't even flinch.
5:50 Is that Monsterverse I hear?
Is jet jaguar in this Godzilla movie like the original he was in 1971?
whats the next gemstone godzilla will fight is it godzilla vs titanosurus
4:04 Why was the couple so calm when they knew Megalon could just go to their direction???
is that behind the scene?
Hey so where is the sequel
Is this cannon or fan made?
I wonder if this new megalon will be add to the Godzilla Battle Line as a new Unit
Why wouldnt Megalon just stay airborn out of G's range and light him up?
Alright it’s Nov 3rd where’s the sequel to this
What design was used to make Godzilla?
Mothra??
Is anybody else here knowing who’s “Ultraman” ?
After all this advanced technology, how come megalon still looks like a man in a rubber suit?
Why is it always Tokyo that gets destroyed? Give them a break and fight someplace else. Thank You, Toho Production and every fan who loves Godzilla, which keeps this genre alive.
Bandai, what's up?  Make this happen
I LOVE THIS CAN SOMEONE MAKE THIS A MOVIE??❤️🖤💯
is this still gemstone godzilla?
Is this from some project that has yet to see international release like the Monster Island show? Or is Toho putting out official short films? (I gotta get back to my Japanese lessons)
i wonder if this year they might do a Godzilla vs King ceasar  or maybe Godzilla vs mechagodzilla. i would prefer if they did godzilla vs King ceasar.
Wait so jr dead!?
Who is "Sorabito", and why did he get to have a beast? Is she referring to the dead Gigan Rex they're siphoning life force from?
Umm why is Godzilla looking like shin? I mean look at how he moves and the placement of the arms just makes him look like shin
is this the full one?
WHO’S IDEA WAS IT TO GIVE THE DERP KAIJU MISSILES AND ACTUAL FLIGHT ABILITIES!? XD    Also, when Megalonn revealed his teeth, I knew things were off.
Anyone know how I can get this version on the sound track
Is this a full movie?
Is this an actual movie that was released?
a new film? ...please let me know how i can take it!!!!!
What is this "Beast of Sorabito" she sacrifices?
is this fan made?  where did this video  come from?
who was the little bitch?
Will this get a sequel? I hope so.
Did Godzilla die? Because I’m such a big fan I have a minifigure of this g specifically
Why would the army waste their tanks armaments on G when it just felt like tickles to Godzilla. They should just stay away from Godzilla coz it’s there to fight another monster.
Now thats just plot armor. One direct attack but cant penetrate?
How the hell did you manage to make the Godzilla Dropkick look both awesome, and semi-realistic!?
6:49 Is this a Godzilla dropkick reference?
what the fuck is that fly kick?
Please tell me that there is an English language version of this movie! Does anyone know?
They somehow made the dropkick 10x more cooler what the hell
This Megalon or Monsterverse Godzilla, Who wins?
is this a movie or a fanmade?
Wait so they used Gigan Rex's DNA to empower Megalon? To me it's like a reference to Megalon and Gigan's alliance.
Godzilla still alive i dont know but i see hes fall and video end
How OP is this godzilla?
This is heisei Godzilla right?
Do you love Jesus? If you want to go to Heaven with him you must repent from your sins and Read and Obey the Bible everyday! You must preach his word to others!Jesus died on the cross so that you can have eternal life! He is the way, the truth, the life, and he will always be! He loves you, God bless!
Why do I now have to fight a bug? Anyways, MEGALONS MOVES: explosive dagger thing 3:05, flight 3:22, more dagger things 4:51, blade rush 4:47, roar 5:12, dodge 5:27, beam 5:35, another blade rush 5:41, stab combo (?) 7:02, mega blade rush 7:39. And that’s it.
At the beginning movie, is that corpse of gigan rex??
Who is the original creatprs on this content?😊
How tall is this version of godzilla? And this short film is amazing
How is anyone still left in Japan after a Godzilla fight??
Is he dead
I wonder what’s next….. a mothra or some other kaiju like ebirah or hedorah or even ghidorah
How does Japan keep rebuilding a whole city with Godzilla showing up every week for Monday Night Raw
AM I TRIPPING OR DID I JUST SEE GODZILLA DROPKICK MEGALON AGAIN!?!?!?!
How much money has godzilla caused in damages?
is this from Minus One?
Does that guy have a lightsabre
where is ultraman?
Is this just a short film?
How does godzilla able to resist the impalation from megalon's drill?
I swear, the shot from 7:43 looks like a combo of CGI and suit! Am I wrong?!
Where is the flying drop kick
In the new gxk the new empire they are asking why Godzilla is running like that.... DUDE GODZILLA CAN DO A DROP KICK...... XD
So this Godzilla was only at 70 percent power then? Cuz they said his energy levels dropped 30 percent since he emerged again
Where can i find this version of G's theme?
Is there a nickname for this Godzilla?
Why is no one talking about the drop kick at 6:51!?
Wait, do you make all of these??
Is this going to be a movie or something?
Anyone here can explain how this zila do that kick?😅
Ok, but where is Jet Jaguar?
is this full ai ?
AND WHY IN THE HELL IS THIS NOT A FULL LENGTH THEATRICAL MOVIE!!!!….?????? 🍿 🎥 THIS IS FANTASTIC I was around 10 or 13 years old when I first saw the original movie on the big screen at my favorite place in the world the local theater!!!!!
why this this Megalon look like Zettton ?
now guys hear me out what if they finally show bagan after all those years he finally gets to return and get a final battle like destroyah and keiser
So, rewatching this for the 20th time bc man it’s so good, but finally commenting this to see everyone’s theories:  What is Sorabito? Gigan rex is called the “beast of sorabito” and I wanna know, is it a place? A people? In the original Godzilla v. Megalon, Gigan was dispatched as aid to the Seatopians, meaning the two races were allies, probably from a time when Atlantis was still around and aliens made contact with the ancient world? But what is it here? Other than food for Megalon? Are there aliens looking for the downed Gigan Rex? Are they allies w/ the Seatopians? What’s the deal with the title, Beast of Sorabito?
is this a movie
What is this from?
Where can I watch the entire film? Or buy it?
Sine when did a MODERN Godzilla film turn into a Dragon Ball fist fight?! 🤯
Are my eyes deceiving me or am I really seeing/watching a bad cgi scene especially with the tanks and soldiers!! But apart from all that... The fighting scene is so epic.. Which we won't be able to see in the Hollywood Gojira movies!!
Where were Jet Jaguar and Gigan?!?
Who is the fairy girl?
Where’s Jet Jaguar though?
No tail slide!? That was the best part of the original. Lol
6:02 since when junior learned that?! 6:52 Junior learned the Godzilla dropkick and took it seriously!
Is this Godzilla a shoto?
Who's the next monster Godzilla will fight next, and when will we see it?
This Megalon was incredible...but Godzilla throwing Hadoukens now?? His skin is now impenetrable?? He can now hyper jump into a drop kick??  Godzilla used to get impaled and bleed...now he is the Hulk
Great short film but...where is my boy jet jaguar?
uhmmm,  this looks like two men in monster suits...the cities and automobiles look fake as heck..was it supposed to look low budget?...but, i would watch it though...
6:03 Was that the godzilla serius punch?
is this minus one?
someone enlighten me... is this going to be an actual movie, or is this just some promotional short?
Is this YouTube made or is it an actual show??
Did they just make the flying dropkick look awesome and not as goofy like it did originally?!
Is this dan Made? If it is real movie, some one please tell the title?
That is without a doubt one of the neatest things I’ve ever seen in a long long time! But I just don’t understand why these are just little snippets of what could be one of the best Godzilla movies 🎥 in years. So these are just a few mini movies? What about a entire movie of them? Why only little mini films not even long enough for a trailer? Because old Godzilla has a huge following and producers are willing to back it up!
Was this the Shin- Godzilla variant?
Looks like Godzilla doesnt know what to do with his hands
What form of Godzilla is that? That's pretty sick looking Godzilla!
is this a movie, a serie or a fan made? i confused
Hmwhat the??? Never expected dynamic fighting scene from this two
Is this Godzilla Jr.?   Please make a lot of quality series like this.
I have a question. I hope i get the answers I need but is Godzilla really a groupup version of Godzilla Junior in the movies or is it the father all this time? I am a fan of Godzilla since childhood, I must know
Where can I get that version of the Godzilla theme?
Is this real or fan made?
i only got one question where is jet jaguar Did his mother start loving him?
When did godzilla unlock black flash 😂 love it
Is this real or fanmade
Godzillas Hadou. I wonder how soon before they give him WOlverine style claws from his arms or his hands?
Where is Blazar when you need him?
Does this one happen after Godzilla vs. Gigan Rex?
What next after megalon and new monster opponent to win.
Where's this from? I mean what movie?
So who wins?
This was such a tease
Where is power rangers Mega Zord when you need them?
Godzilla giving a flying kick n punch? Something new 😍😍😍 Is this a movie?
Correct me if I'm wrong but wasn't that first piece of music from Spacegodzilla?
Why are we not seeing this over here in the u.s. instead of the new boring zzzzzzzz stuff this is a thousand times better old school now we're talking ❤️❤️❤️
Did they just ... make the drop kick plausible? Nice.
"Dear Strong Bad  What is the best thing you've ever seen, done, or eaten?"  "Believe it or not, I've got one answer for all three questions."
Is this part of minus one ?
It is a bit "dragonballish" but nicely done!!! Is it a fan made movie or anything else? Because I would be glad to watch a serial or a movie with this vintage flavour and quality.😍😍😍
Wait wait, this ISN'T a movie trailer? DUDE What the heck is this quality, I thought this was an upcoming movie!! Great job to the creators!
amazing scenes question its the original model of Godzilla
What movie is this?
I wonder how shin Godzilla could win against any of the other titians
6:50 did he just do the freaking jump kick from the original movie? LMAO.
Why would the train still be running?
i'm curious, did they get the Thumps Up from Toho to make these mini series? Or does Toho not care that much and give fans free liberty of their products?
Does Jet Jaguar show up?
why godzilla never hurt? when megalon attacking him the  god still can atomic breath . wtf???
No comments mentioning that after 50 years we got another Godzilla dropkick?!
Anyone have a link to the credits music?
I love Japanese anime and movies but wtf is wrong with this Godzilla? It looked like a robot these movements are so weird these hand’s doesn’t look real alive
how tall is this goji?
Why would Japan even consider rebuilding at this point? im abandoning the country and metropolitan area.
Does anyone know what is the name  of the music that plays when megalon appears?
is this real and is this the whole film
Is there gonna be a part 2 or some kinda continuation of this? By the way this was cool as fuck 👍👍
Im sorry Suitmation gotta go ..whats wrong with going AI CGI ? Is it too expensive for Japan too ditch the lame rubber suits??
Can we get proper English subtitles on this one like for Gigan Rex last year?
Where is ultraman when we need him the most
Is this a game or a movie???
Godzilla using chidori?! I want more!
Godzilla’s skin is indestructible lol?
is this a scene from a movie?
6:04 Did Godzilla did his own version of the Kamehameha Wave?
Godzilla is thinner now?
Wonder if this will be attached to Minus One.
Why do all these monster dislike the japanese people so much?
Slightly better than last years Gigan, but why are we turning Godzilla into Kamen Rider by giving him a whole bunch more abilities?
idea for a chapter on the gojira film, possible idea on its true origin my idea is this: what if the unclassified dinosaur found on ragos island was an experiment by some aliens (underground or from space) for their weapons? a population of warlike aliens using native animals of the planets they visit turn them into weapons to use against the inhabitants of that planet themselves, (here we see a scene of an alien planet with monsters destroying everything, and the invading aliens watching from a spaceship) at the time arrived in the prehistory of the earth, finding in the dinosaurs the perfect candidates for the implementation of their umpteenth plan of conquest. but a pacifist group stole one of those experiments before it was activated and hid it on the island of ragos, then what will be known as gojira underwent an extreme uncontrolled mutation due to atomic bombs. in gojira 2000 there is an alien probe looking for him, it could be the aliens mentioned above who were looking for him. then after a whole series of events in the film (such as the fact that these aliens appear with the aim of kidnapping Gojira, but the Japanese government does not agree for fear that they will transform it into an even more frightening weapon than it is) the atomic titan finds himself facing a werewolf version of himself, which stands on 4 legs but knows how to stand on its hind legs like a bear, the appearance of this super monster must be frightening and convey all its desire to destroy, it must have teeth similar to a protective mask when closed, its skin is white, eyes red and with a tail that ends with a stinger that injects a poison (which also has the ability to turn off gojira's energy) here you must see a he fights like Gojira has never had, Gojira is injured and loses a paw, and an eye, some dorsal plates are bitten off. it should be the best film ever made for a sequel to gojira, perhaps without those continuity errors that showed where they build kiryu (he should appear in this film) using the skeleton of gojira 54, which shouldn't be there because when he appears in the film of '84 regenerated precisely from that skeleton. there should also be Gotengo with his crew who investigate strange experiments with Gojira's DNA, as seen at the end of Gojira Tokyo SOS and here we learn that that Gojira seen in the film Shin Gojira was an attempt to recreate it with human hybrid DNA to be able to control it, perhaps with esp agents, this would explain the strange ending of that film. perhaps if divided into 2 parts it would create even more emotion in the fans, even a TV series would be spectacular
Where is Jet Jaguar??? 😢
How strong, is Godzillas skin, like bro was getting Drilled for a solid 10+ seconds, I know he’s strong but that had to have left a Dent.
This is amazing, I have no words but where is the other short?
I think name godzilla rex?
How do I get English subtitles 😭 I want to understand the plot at least. Awesome short film!
is that evangelion music?
What? No Jet Jaguar? No tail sliding kick finisher? How disappointing! The MST3K riffed version of the original remains the definitive way to enjoy this match-up ;)
Proper English subtitles when?
6:49 did they really just made the memetastic kick from the old movies look cool?
When will we get to see Godzilla vs Jet Jaguar 2023 short film while auto in the video will be repaired?
the only question I have is WHY HASENT TOHO GOTTEN GEMSTONE STUDIOS TO HELP MAKE A FEATURE LENGTH MOVIE!!!!????
Could you please add english subs to your future content, as a Big G fan I really find your work amazing.
Is this just a short film or what is this?
Is this like a short fan made film?
Megalon has actual hands under those drills??????
Is this an official or a fanmade short-film ??? It looks awesome tho 🔥💯
And  the music too?! 🤤🤤🤤🤤
did GODZILLA just copy GAMERA, pooling his atomic blast energy into a punch?! Cool
6:49 Is that supposed to be Godzilla's legendary dropkick? It's nice to know they "revamped" it.
Great battle for sure question is that young lady the one who summoned Gigan in the previous film. Yet a little confused if so why was Godzilla destroying the city as it would then seem Megalon was summoned to fight Godzilla as a protector.
Giant cockroach?
Can You Hear Battra's Roar?    Also, Megalon Did Give Junior A Struggle.
is that junior?
Why don’t we have movies like this? There could be a mega series! Wonderfully done!
Is this real? Or is this just fan made?
No English sub at least? I have no idea what's going on I just pretty much watched monsters fight I'm okay with that but maybe I should learn some Japanese lol
i wonder how they’re gonna do mechagodzilla next year
Where is the *Godzilla vs Jet Jaguar* short film for this 2023 anniversary?
Is this from the new movie
Why Does It Feel Like I’m Watching The Old Godzilla Movies When I Watch These? Might Be Nostalgia Or Something Else
Is this a fanfic or a new movie/show coming out ?
Is there a way to get subtitles?
What? 6:49
And people wonder why Japan is amazing at rebuilding stuff. It's because they have to deal with this week in and out.
Just wondering, will there be English subtitles to this?
Can anyone translate the Japanese?
Does anyone else get Super Godzilla vibes when he throws that right hook? All we need now is for him to fight Bagan
is this cannon cause godzilla has new moves now?
6:19 After seeing how he punched megalon back, wasn't it something that godzilla can do where he can concentrate his radioactive energy to do different things like regeneration and magnetizing himself?
What is this from? Is this a movie?
WHO’s anniversary is up next?
why is godzilla so light like he can bounce of the ground
How this lizard not died?!
Are they made out of paper or something? Why do they get flung like they are in zero gravity?
But when is Jet Jaguar gonna show up?
Is this a really a movie?
does anyone know who will be godzilla next opponent for the next anniversary?
What is this from? Minus One?
How many Godzilla movie? Is that same as Godzilla minus 1?
Now Godzilla is using his atomic power to enhance his physical strikes!? This Godzilla is becoming an unstoppable brawling force.
Is it too much to ask for a rematch between Godzilla and Anguirus, only Anguirus isn't a push-over and more than proves himself a match for the Big G? I mean, Anguirus was Godzilla's very first monster foe. Nonetheless, a stalemate would be the appropriate way to end the fight. Both are beaten to hell, but ultimately decide to settle things another time.
6:13 IS THAT THE BEST YOU CAN DO?!
I need context, Why were they attacking Jr during the opening of the vid?
He's asking for another dropkick rocking that amazing new design🎉🎉🎉
4:30 why did it sound like they were saying gamera.
Major question: will this video stay up?
Where is the subtitle ?
They gave goji a new ability? 😮
This megalon is soo cool can we  call him megatron?
This is still supposedly Godzilla Jr right?
is this another Godzilla movie? there's too many Godzilla movies lined up...
Wait so in the movie trailer we saw Godzilla all burned up similar to this… is this video foreshadowing Godzilla fighting another monster in the movie?? 👀
that was so cool but where Jet Jaguar? Its been so long since we saw him
Was that an atomic ray focused punch???
Wait, which one of them is the villain? 🤔🤪
Its junior?
Who is Jr going to fight next year?
Why did I read it as Godzilla versus gamera at first?
6:03 Did Toho just give Godzilla a new badass move??
So, is Shirou Saigisu the new official composer for Godzilla films now? The music sounds remarkably similar to Neon Genesis Evangelion.   He is a good fit. He and Akira Ifukube have very similar sounding music.
So who’s anniversary is next
Since when could Godzilla do all that? (Atomic arms, dorsal fin propulsion, etc.)
6:51 dropkick reference?
Can wait they make a godzilla vs kiryu, Or Space Godzilla or even Orga 😱
WHY ARE THE THEMES SO GOOD
6:03 new attack!? atomic fist
Can we have English subtitles in the future please!
I’m really curious if mechagodzilla and king Caesar will be the next short film they’ll do next year
Is the letterboxing cutting off the film? It looks like text is being cut off in some scenes.
Atomic punch??
First off, nice return for the drop kick, second of all what the heck kind of powers did Junior do to use his heat ray in his punches, lastly is Junior ok at the end?
Wonder who the next challenge is
Wait, so they killed each other?
Why is this cropped? 3:44
Is this Godzilla Jr. all grew up?
Really underwhelming. Why does the livestream and news broadcast have the aspect ratios cropped?   This feels very rushed. Hoping they add subtitles eventually
Why does this Godzilla look like minus One
Who else was there when they showed in it live? So glad they reuploaded it as the live ones audio was bad :/
