Give us a date for that particle?
Primordial black hole evaporation?
Since you mentioned black holes at one point here, a thought occurred to me: if light is the ONLY thing in the universe that can move at the speed of light, because it has absolutely no mass, how can ANY black hole affect it, since gravity can have no effect on something that has absolutely no mass?
Are they more powerful then our particle accelerators?
Why is empty space linear ? How does light through empty space without generating harmonics due to nonlinearity?
Anyone else wondering how large of a solid object can be affected by the equal and opposite force of that single particle propelled to that speed? in the middle of a void with that little gravitational interference?
I bet they had Theorized it years before they actually Saw It... "creation by Observation?" (I think people unwittingly create Reality through Contemplation of what they think "Might" be there years and years before they "Find" it... example? literally anything in space... Planets, Galaxies, the whole thing could be ... who can say)
Noting the heliosphere, and its weakening when the Sun cycles, is it not possible, that the Voyager passing past the heliosphere risked a momentary,  if not permanent opening in the heliosphere?
Greetings Anton Petrov, just a thought... a black hole has a top, sides and a bottom where everything goes to. At the bottom of the singularity, let's call it the exit, could the OMG particles come from this exit? And since we are looking at the exit, we cannot see the black hole? In peace and friendship, Pierre Pagé
3:08, 😂 did you say “in sound” instead of “in light of”?
Could those voids out there be caused by dissipated black holes? Ty
Nothing orbiting the dark void?
❤Yes but can you see them? Can you visibly see particles in the atmosphere, or shifting in the air around you?
could it be possible to have "cosmic ray power", kinda like Solar power? (obviously in the future... not with current tech)
Why does everyone always name stuff after themselves please have mercy on over educated brains just call it something simple
Can it be felt?
What if, similar to the boltzzman brain theory, it spawned in the void from the quantum field
So if one of those goes through your body and causes dna damage... what would that do? cause cancers? (just speculating... I am no doctor or scientist and am basically a stupid peasant). That's a tad scary.
WHere was this energy ray focused?
maybe its got something to do with that thing that looks like a second moon people have reported seeing again, same time as last year..?
When I was a kid a half century ago, I wondered whether cosmic voids were places where there was once a lot of antimatter.
Maybe the void are not actually empty, but merely "Dark"... At that speed, (GZK limit), we might not be able to see the origin yet, if the region is shielded by light blocking dust. Cosmic ray computer error rates! Iron, being more likely to be sensitive to magnetism.
I have wondered if super energetic cosmic rays are responsible for SHC.
The wave function collapsed and splat. What if there are more of them?
What happens when hemispheres collide ? What happens when termination shocks collide ?
What a place to hide tho,  in a place where there is supposed to be “nothing”.   Could these be mirror particles which may have started somewhere on the opposite side of where we thought it started??  And/or maybe it came from a black hole that’s too small to measure, therefore we don’t even know it’s there?
Do these Cosmic Rays affect Earth Weather?
Have they aimed the JWST at that void?
If it is the dark energy then shouldn't the distribution of the super high energy rays be the same in all directions ?
would it hurt much if I got hit by one?
Could the rays be arriving here so much behind the speed of light that whatever released them long ago is gone and no longer visible?
That Void has to be a Product of the Formation or Manifestation of the particles!
I wonder if this affects our sun?
Maybe whatever produced the rays doesn’t exist anymore
any evidence of this particle  hitting earth .. or just word  salad . and how would you track  a particle so tiny you wouldnt know its there . sounds like a bad story to  me . like a unicorn story ..
Maybe it was God?
Did I notice?   Nope.  Can't be that important.
How would we see a black hole in a void? Is there anyway other than lining up a star in the background and blocking the light?
And we think of our CREATOR as a next door NEIGHBOR  ?  😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅
There is the recent idea now that all black holes rotate so perhaps a really huge rotating black hole in the middle of that has cleared all matter lang ago but still can slingshot under the right angle incoming, already fast particles ??
New mic? 🤷🏼‍♀️ eh.   I still need closed captions to properly understand your accent, but would happily fill your Bootes Void anytime. 🙃
What if that is actually a way of getting long distance sensor data? Shoot a very specific and dense partical really fast across space with sensors to track the particle and how it interacts with the universe as it goes to create maps or something. That would be cool.
Every now and then I see a video about cosmic rays, and how our magnetospheres (from the Earth, and the Sun) are keeping us safe. It always makes me wonder just how deadly it is in deep space, between star systems. Then I get very unsettled. I wonder if it's even worse in the void, between galaxies?
Why is it not black hole ejecta. The voids may be black hole neighborhoods
If one of these ultra high energy particles was travelling in a direction parallel to the main plane of a nearby galaxy, wouldn't the dust and gas clouds shield it from the microwave background, at least microwaves coming from that direction? Now if we had 2 galaxies relatively close with their main planes more or less parallel among themselves, an Amaterasu-like particle trawelling thru the middle should experience much lover breaking due to interactions with the CMB - so probably these particles could travel much further distances, depending on conditions of the space they're traversing
Does this have to do with the Suns black hole that we witness ? meaning that our shield got weak.
How soon will it be until the AI hacks your brain implant?
3:06 That seems odd. How could the helliosphere block those particles without a giant magnet? Direct collisions? There is too much empty space out there for that, I think.
What if voids are hidden civilizations able to harness the power of the stars around them
Have you ever heard of or ever met Jon Lomberg ? He illustrated all Cosmos for Carl Sagan and did many other cool things like pick the Beatles song for the golden disc !
Maybe like a developing cyclone/tornado it collects energy along the way. Surely not all friction has a reduction effect
Is it possible that this particle is the result of two other particles that fused (somewhere out there) and their added energies increased its speed?
What if it was a survey beam for an advanced species of space fairing creatures. Which explains why voids appear to empty. It’s a form of camouflage.
Fascinating video! Is it possible that because the particle came through an area of void (lower density), it was able to transcend the GZK limit?  And therefore, is from somewhere beyond the void?
Maybe it's the God particle? 😊
I wonder if this could have anything to do with why the shakespearean freemasons were obsessed with Bootes
can anyone please enlighten me: are the radiation shielding effects taken into account when determining habitable zones or is it just a temperature/distance/collision equation?
If the sun protects us from cosmic rays I wonder if there is some sort of galactic Goldilocks Zone where material is dense enough to form stars and planets that could support life but not so dense that cosmic rays keep everything sterile.
Is there dark matter in space voids?
Is it just a running theme this season of earth? This season is sci-fi season , aliens ufos , ai , super computing , solar flares , wars , scary particles , what’s next?
LMAO. Is this guy trying to be a comedian at the last end of this video?
Do black holes die?  Is the void a blackhole graveyard??
Stray shot from an intergalactic war?
Perhaps the void is a window or a cloak.
At 7:05 wouldn't the simple explanation be that they get pulled around by magnetic fields on their path?
Where on earth did it hit?
would it really cause detectable damage in a human? i assumed that it is like a very fast bullet that passes through you and out. I suppose there could be a cascade effect if it hit a nucleus of an atom in the body but would the probability of hitting a nucleus not be very small? Is the high energy that significant?
Maybe this is a quantum glitch. When a particle's position in space-time is measured very accurate that causes a very high uncertainty in it's energy-momentum. I'm curious how accurate the measurement should be to create such a high uncertainty to get this insane energy  randomly!  P.S. You really got me with that final Amaterasu :))
for us simple people why can't the voids be hugs black holes or at least old black holes that have taken everything it can around it
Rubbish show us any proof that can stand up in court any this is imagination
Does anyone know what happens when one of these high energy particles passes through a human brain?
Please tell me, if this Super fast particle travels  like a Neutron.
Why do we assume something caused the rays to accelerate rather than something causing us to accelerate in the past?
Does anyone account for cosmic rays interacting with other cosmic rays, before planetary contact?
Hahahahaha... how do you know it is not a malfunction of those detectors?
What would happen to a cosmic ray to be slingshot by the sun and it's magnetosphere? Why is the energy of the particles would make it harder to steer? Do the black hole care about the particles energy?
The iron rays are flying varying magnetic fields, is that the phenomena?
Why you Jumpscare me at the end like that?
uncertainty (for me) was if the energy was the same as the mass-energy of a baseball or its 'usual' kinetic energy? turns out its the kinetic, at 28m/s.
The question is do we need a cosmic baseball bat ⚾🧢
cant the particle come from a chinese satelite or something?
Maybe the void is not actually a void?
So I have been watching your videos for some time now and they had me fascinated. But why don't I see these huge discoveries reported anywhere else like on the news or TV etc. I thought these discoveries would make world wide news but no, I only find out this stuff on this channel.
Maybe it came from behind the void??
Could this powerful cosmic rays not be produced by magnetars?
I’ve always wondered about the possibility of rogue black holes of assorted sizes getting catapulted out of galaxies by mergers, just floating out there occasionally crossing paths with other expelled material. Or perhaps larger black holes that instead of having galactic masses collect around them either shed it or have it drawn away by larger masses, as part of a process of failed clustering.
Is there a star of Bethlehem every 2000-ish years?... I'm not Christian but I find the old nativity story fascinating... All this stuff happened because the star signaled god was to take human form and become the king of men, any way it's all because star sighns
What about alien communication? Its coming from an unidentifiable source and it seems to not have a natural source?
dont those oh-my-god particles have ridicilously small collision cross sections? i didnt find anything yet, but they should have.
Could a highly advanced alien species use super high energy cosmic rays to spread life to other planets?  Or a way to scan space, a type of cosmic radar?  If those rays are quantum entangled when they hit stuff in space it may instantly tell them what is in space?
It is a place JWST take a deep look into the void.
It could have been made from a rogue black hole? A black hole that has been tossed out from its galaxy? That could explain the energy and also why we won't see anything there.
Anton, for fun. Can you put green tape on you're microphone-stand, and put on a green tshirt? That would be funny to see. Maybe you can put some green Hulk makeup on also, then we only see you're eyes and mouth, that would be hilarious.
How can you determine direction, if the particles go through everything?  A lens doesn't work. Shielding to block directions you don't want also doesn't work. And you can't reflect them off a surface either.  Anyone?
Hey Anton. Could the medical condition "exploding head syndrome" be caused by a neural synapse in the brain being hit by a Cosmic Ray setting off a cascade of random neural activity resulting in auditory and visual stimulation?
Wow, I’ve never been in this part of YouTube before - how did I get here?
11 min 45 seconds - could it be that time dialation has hidden its origin? (as if the black hole or sun is in a different location now from when it was emitted?)
6:13 Nearest active blackhole. What is an active blackhole compared to an ??? blackhole? I don't know enough to ask the correct question.
I{ guess it's not really a void then is it lol
Is this how we get superpowers? I want to be able to manifest a fresh cup of tea whenever I realise the old one is empty.
Has anyone seen my auxiliary god particle.
What if its an alien race sending energy past their edge of the observable universe using technology that can warp space time, so the energy could preserve itself better. Hopefully they get one back type deal.
Hi Anton, long term fan of your content here. I'm just wondering how the GZK limit, which if I understand is based on interactions with the CMB, could affect other bosons, like maybe the UHECR in question? Basically I'm thinking it most be either a fundamental or composite boson. 🤔🤷‍♂️
Maybe this is a weapon that was shot, missed and....
Would these cosmic ray sources sterilize those galaxies?
DO ALL GALAXIES EVENTUALLY COLLAPSE IN UPON THEMSELVES?
c.  How could a galaxy not collapse in upon itself if space and time were warped to make it so?
d.  Or, is modern science wrong as to what 'gravity' truly is?
e.  And what exactly is 'space' that it can be warped?
f.  And what exactly is 'time' that it can be warped?
j.  Or, is modern science wrong about how all nebula clouds form?
k.  Is it at least possible that galaxies collapse in upon themselves, go supernova, thereby generating enough matter and energy so as to be able to generate new stars, planets, moons, solar systems and a new galaxy?
m.  Possibly been going on throughout all of eternity past, is going on today, and possibly will be going on throughout all of future eternity?
I'm not clear on why they're sure this thing seems to come from the void, rather than perhaps something *behind* the void? Like, from something we can't see that's much farther away, but along the same line.
You gotta love all the guessing going on to explain and validate the existing theories.
how come everything that amaze us?come from nowhere the wow signal came from a place where nothing is that came from outta nowhere what if something is tryna get in contact with us it could be life
Could we have “run into” the particle rather than it traveling to us? Maybe our solar system is moving towards the local void?
Can this be what was in the News papers in Norway yesterday? It was rays all over the place, like pillars of lights between houses and mountains. They where standing still as a light saber
Is it too powerful considering the Nullpunktenergie?
Are the void areas maybe the leftovers of a blackhole that has spread out over time?
What if these particles are a byproduct of something that 'created' the void in the fist place? Yes, I know that's a far out there explanation but that's how my mind works sometimes...LOL.
Would it be possible to have come from further away if it had less stuff to collide with in the local void?
maybe there are "cosmic currents" where the ubr is lessened and can help guide theses particles.
I can neither confirm nor deny that these are coming from central vortex eyes of massive magnetic fields, possibly as large scale as the accretion disc of the universe itself.
Could it be as simple as particles colliding at the black hole and "bouncing back" at us?
13:00 Wonder what's there..
Is the microphone installed for automatic translation??
So we don’t know exactly what kind of particle it was?  I’m wondering, if someone got directly hit by a stream of let’s say a trillion of Amateratsu particles, would they experience effects similar to being irradiated with gamma rays for example or would they be more dramatic?
I often wonder if the entire universe is getting sucked into a gigantic black hole. As we circle the drain we gradually accelerate inwards. Finally we go into the anomaly, probably for our energy to get shot out the other side with unimaginable force to eventually collapse into matter at a distance and fall back in again.
Can this be simply explained with black hole whose jet is pointing toward us ?
Could time uncouple from  mass?  Could those voids in the universe hold lots of strange matter?   🇦🇺🤜🏼🤛🏼😎🍀
Could the sun's magnetic field, hemisphere,  or heliopause have something to do with weaker ones not being detected more than high energy ones?
Wonder if that’s what causes Spontaneous Combustion
You always challenge my assumptions. Thank you What if? We've known for about 45 years now that something when accelerated beyond the speed of light travels a reverse time dilation in the same rate one over the velocity squared I think is right, off the top of my head but what if?what ida particle of subatomic or of no mass(?) We're to lise some of its energy and suddenly wasn't traveling at a velocity faster than the speed of light. Would it not appear as if it appeared out of thin nothingness of a void? Food for thought...
Very interesting! How do iron cosmic rays differ from all the others?
Hello wonderful ppl! One question i have for quite a long time is about Dyson swarms and the resulting shrinkage of the heliosphere. Would that negatively afect the solar system? For once in those years i think i have a yes!....?
Is it possible magnetars or kilanovae could produce some of these? Or perhaps if a low-velocity cosmic ray happens to pass really close to an intermediate-mass black hole and get an extreme speed-boost from it?
And are we to understand that these particles along with cosmic rays in general are not included in IPCC’s calculations and modelling?
Particle weapon?  :3
What stops us from thinking is a short burst of a rogue planet swallowed by a small black hole in our nearby void? The event horizon of a small black hole is making it impossible to be detected...
Is this an information exchange from another planet ?  obviously from the void, is this the key of an intelligent message ?
15:46 😂😂😂😂 what was that?
suspicious
maybe it was so powerfull coming through the local void, because nothing in the void distracted or dispersed it
Wouldn't the trajectory of Iron from cosmic rays be influenced by the various magnetic fields it passes through? Not so much in velocity but certainly direction.
Have you ever thought to consider we are in the multiverse and Thanos has not died?
Microphone is doing an amazing job. What I hear, though, includes room reverberation and mouth sounds. It's great so far as realism, but maybe move it back a couple inches or add a windscreen?
Hi Anton 👋😁 What did you say at the end of the video ? Tiramisu?
I need to read about gzk and that probably invalidates this question but is there a possibility of some sort of miniscul chance that environmental factors allow some to accelerate that fast.  Maybe they are true outliers
I know even less than nothing, so this is a very ignorant question with perhaps an an obvious answer, but what would a majority-dark matter accretion disk “look” like, if anything? Could some of these things be ejected from a thing like that? Could we even know?
Amaterasu huh, was the particles last name Uchiha?
Any info on the iron particles being affected by magnetics?  Does this incorporate to a type of magnetic coriolis effect at that level? Thank you as always!
(silly) question from a non- physicist: would expanding space have had any effect on this particle - it could have originated beyond the Void..?
Cosmic rays cause genetic anomalies?
Voice sounds good with the new microphone. I have always wondered if the low contrast of yourself is on purpose. I am guessing it is to set yourself apart from all of the background videos which typically have normal contrast.
Wonder if any of these particles are the result of a slingshot maneuver near a black hole or  alike ?
Is anyone modeling the shape of the voids?  Are the voids shifting, expanding, or collapsing? Maybe 200 million years ago there was something in the location the particle came from that moved or vanished.
Can we ever collect and use this engery since it is in the ultahigh range ?
hmm watching youtube in a private tab and a regular tab is taking some getting used to.
Does a tin foil hat provide protection from these ultra high energy particles?
do we know the trayectory of the omg particle? it passed through earth or like near it.  cool video.
Could cosmic rays get a gravity assist as it swings by or around entire galaxies on its long journey towards Earth?
Maybe it was an OMFingG particle before it slowed down
how do they backtrack where charged cosmic rays come from; as a charged particle, magnetic fields will alter the trajectory via Lorentz force=vxB, magnetic field: solar and galactic and extra-galactic magnetic fields aren't well known to my knowledge.  are the energies so large that it doesn't matter?
If it was coming from very far away wouldn't it slow down due to the expansion of space? Unlike photons which are said to have no mass and therefore always travel at the speed of light in a vacuum, their wavelength setting longer, frequency lower these particles with mass should slow down.
What if a very heavy and fast particle were actually an atom?
What if they are lost rays, akin to lost bullets? Maybe there is a war out there.
Could it be antimatter annihilation ?
couldn't the pull from gigantic black holes change the trajectory of these particles?
Wats even more interesting than it's comin is how does an object a single particle or fww million mololeculws of something an element  stay intact in intergalactic space at speeds approaching the speed of lite for eons to get here . Imeasurable
It seems to come from nothing but can it mean it's not trying to be detected? I assume that the higher the lvl of technology the higher form of energy being manipulated.
ま 絵 吊るす   "hang a picture" ?  Great video Anton as always, I presume that's a colloquial turn of phrase in Japan? Lol sorry, sounded just like Japanese but I just found out it's also Korean for "Let's join together".  Now you got me interested in how Kanji has different meanings between Chinese, Korean and Japanese... Thanks for the hidden side-quest :D
So If you were in space without a spacesuit and you got hit by one of these, would you feel it?   Sometimes I imagine when my arm or face flinches that I was just hit with an energetic cosmic ray
Why do I need to see the microphone to know that is you that is talking? Does YouTube think that we that dumb?
Maybe it's just the void staring back?
They may be downloading their language to key people in preparation for their arrival. Did it happen in the last 3 days?
Hi! Could the mystery particle be a virtual particle? Namaste 😎🦋
Question,,   why do all your videos go over 15 minutes,,   i know it is a lot of information,,    but cant you summerize it down a little more,,  by minute 8 i get tired the techno bable  and loos interests,,    meat and potatoes first them  add filler ,,  not just history lessons every episode
Ultra-massive black holes that ate everything else that was in the void?
did the detection of the particle coincide with the solar storm we just had some days back? i know it was  stronger that normal and really disrupted the earths magnetic field
What if these particles are powerful enough they are tunneling?
Just a thought. Could a Void have anti-matter? Does it have gravitational attraction or repellantation?
Why doesn’t this knock out (more) satellites
Are they intending to do a long exposure with James webb into one of these voids??
Hey Anton, love the videos. The GZK limit is just a theory, perhaps it's been proven wrong? Also, the earth's magnetic field is down at least 20% due to the ongoing magnetic pole migration, where was the detection made and could this have an effect on the speed detected? And lastly, cosmic rays have been detected originating from earth's south pole, probably nowhere as powerful, but just the fact that a planet can produce them seems to point to there being many things in the local void that could have produced this. Keep up the good work! Oh, and the new mic sounds great.
The first person to do something really cool???!!! 🥶
So are those voids then black holes????
The real question is why all these flat fish are flying around space.
perhaps some of these particles have been accelerated through an Einstein ring?
I wonder if these particular particles are a part of whatever’s pushing everything apart…
What about a rogue black hole? Idk if that's even a thing but why not right?
If this was amaterasu how did they extinguish the flames without a MS or EMS?
The Local Void called. Wondering how we're doing.
Hey Wonderful Anton, are Dark Matter black holes theoretically possible? Thanks!
Maybe these cosmic rays are ions from alien ion thrusters
Could they be more common than we thought, and the voids have less stuff to slow them down? Just my uneducated guess.
Oh dude, aren't we looking back thur time as we look further? So those voids currently and relatively speaking might be filled to the brim with stuff or were filled with stuff.
What if every time we think we detect one, its just a bit flip from a different wave.
Will we use the james webb to look into that void?
Perhaps those few unsolved cases of spontaneous combustion that leave a body in a pile of charcoal with nothing around the body burned and no known source of ignition is what happens when one of these rare particles rips through a person.
The new mic 🎤 is definitely worth it, it's way better sound. Wonder if one of those omg cosmic rays hit the brain? Would it cause 💀 or just make you see a flash or do nothing?
What if cosmic rays are just the remanants of a previous universe which died of heat death but whose left over particles are floating through space at an extreme speed relative to us?
Are we in danger? Ate these the firsts of many more to come?
But we are still here? Clearly the particle wasn't strong enough.
Could universal expansion be giving particles the bums rush.
I too am too powerful to make sense. Or really I just mainly don’t make sense and infer the other for a bit of gloss. Make sense?
Maby this cosmic ray came from somewhere futher than we thought and its taken this long to get here,and if that is the case the implications would question everything we thought we knew about the universe.
Who is the first person to do something really cool
Maybe this is some form of leakage from and advanced exteresrial propulsion system 👽
So, if a lot of it, could dark matter and or dark energy gain enough enough mass to make black holes created by Dark matter?
Dude does nobody remember the neutron star and everything that's happened since at least 2022??!! I mean. The damn star has three 2's right next to each other. It's hard to miss.
makes me think maybe the void is just a spot in space that the local blackhole has cleared out mostly whats left is just few galaxies that where in its outer most point way back when and now has formed as it moves inwards 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔 .... anyways, I love the name 😂
Who named this new element AMATERASU and is it because of the myth that she hid herself in a cave and sealed the opening so that the world lost the sun and it's light till she showed up again ?   Was it discovered by a Japanese researcher(s) ?
Makes one wonder how many people have died from cancer because of something that happened on the other side of the galaxy 100,000 years ago.
Dark matter destruction producing super high energy particles?  Hmm…. The mind explodes with possibilities.  Or should I say goes “Bang.”
If cosmic rays impact computers to such a degree per year, what effect do they have on living things? Are they the cause of the random occasional pinprick pains you might feel for seemingly no reason? Could they cause hallucinations if they hit the brain? Sores? Cancer? Or would they tend to just pass through you without causing much local damage?
A high energy particle that got a gravitational kick while passing through a black hole accretion disc?
how about excellerated light? eh?
What if ETs use the Local Void like we use salt flats?
Primordial black hole?
Maybe whatever created the void? Or the void is more of a window for things behind it to get through without interference.
is this OMG particle james okeefe ?
Am i the only one that lasted long enough to catch my guy going full anime with that last ameterasu?
maybe its come from very far but since its so high energy it times travels, or it could actually be an emission from the CMB.
Was that a sneaky Marvel movie type ending? lol
Or perhaps there's something in the local void we can't detect using our current technology.
Source from (a currently unseen) galaxy behind the voids?
So thats not snipers trying to take me out ?
At this point just call it the “holy shit” particle or the “what the fuck” particle.
could it have come from the sun
Can’t these rays be stirred by a massive object? Maybe it doesn’t come from the void but something in it made it change directions, unless it has a way to measure the distance trackers like redshift for light?
I'm wondering how they know where these "god" particles came from since some of the articles I've read suggest that the Galaxy acts like a large particle accelerator. Is it that they have so much momentum that they cut right across the magnetic flux and gravitational attraction of galactic space without bending? I imagine that they have so much momentum that they bend even less than light does in a gravitational field. I'm also wondering how far these particles lag behind light since they're obviously traveling at a very large percentage of the speed of light.
Is it just me or is that Mickey Mouse in the Star from the thumbnail.
I wonder if the Magnetars can accelerate g-rays if they pass close enough....
Maybe the voids contain an absurd amount of supermassive black holes?
How many decades were in between the first two?  Now just days apart?  🤔
I wonder what kind of particle it is.
how did it connect with the larger gravity wave movements.
RAM modules=3.5inch Diskette??  Come on Anton, you're the man we're hoping can educate the uneducated. 😂
What if something isn't a void but merely looks like one?  A massive black hole the size of an entire galaxy might look like a void.  Also tons of particles could limit visibility, especially with diverse compositions.  Just random thoughts.  Love your content and your willingness to share.
Is there any phenomenon that can increase a particle's energy? Like we use a planet's gravity to boost vehicles in space.
Could these particles be related to Hawking radiation?
Anton, i have a question. Is Earth magnetic field weaker ? And also, am I only one who remembers that 20 years ago i could look around sun no problem it was bit yellowish,  now even in winter it is blinding and white.
I was thinking... What if there's a cosmic string in that direction? Could it interact with something... And explain it?
Microphone?? More like smoking hashish in a hookah disguised as a microphone.
I wonder if some particles can ride gravitational waves like a surfer
