22:45 mew?? What abt him
For sword/shield, wouldn't zygarde be better than suicune? You can choose to not take any pokemon after a dynamax adventure
Wouldn’t a lvl 70 not obey you until you beat a certain about of gyms?
15:37 At what level?
15:33 really?
Why struggle in falkner if you have those insane single typing starters?? Not bayleef of course. Even zubat, geodude, dunsparce (which is accidentally encounter on swarms), unown, mareep can dilly dally with falkner  and bugsy.
15:38 6 or 7..?
15:39 what level?
Is no one going to mention the way he pronounced Makuhita?
15:39 what level
How to game the fun out of the game
Wait is the 1% SOS chain Salamence not available before the first totem mon?
17:00 what do you mean they had bad IVs? I thought they were random 0 to 31?
which level?
Is this guy trolling recommending Onyx?
10:57 i must be a dumb dumb but how's that work?  Or is there any practical ways to trade with myself using emulator  (Im using drastic)
24:34 wh… what lasers???
great video, 8 minutes in. But confusing thumbnail? looks like caterpie is a great choice for gen 1
You assume i have friends that i can trade my onix with metal coat with? Ya i rather use a cheat code to just grab a steelix on route 1 or something lol
the onix rocky is named Aaron in the german version of the game...why would they do that xD
Not sure if it got patched, but early on in SV you can ledge skip by throwing to start a fight in a previously inaccessible area. Doing this let's you get to the Lv50 Leafeon before Mesagoza ... Just catching it is the issue 😂
Can you make a video on fixing the pokemon type chart
Sup Michael!! Did you get your shiny Koraidon and Miraidon from the event? 😂😂
2:52 uhh... you mean anaesthetist?
Yo, what's that pelicunt seagull thing in Pokemon Sapphire?
How do I use the universal randomizer on the phone emulators?
23:58 wait isnt the crown tundra locked to being champion? I thought only the 1st dlc was accessable before becoming champion in the 8th and 9th gens?  Edit: apparently it was at one point but they changed it so i was technically right, kinda sucks though imho, both dlc should be post game imho.
Team Sky is eating good when it comes to options. What’s your new team of 6 for Team Sky? Mine is Charizard, Corvaknight, Honchcrow, Togakiss, Kilowattrel, and Gliscor.
15:58 level what?? 🧟
Is anyone talking about the little editing details through the video? Very good subtle edits to make the video more immersive
20:19 what about salamence
What's the best free emulator for android for pokemon games
Can you please play PokeMMO
For the alolan one the lv 2 salamence you can get via the horde battles should be better?
@mandjtv  have you done a video where you level all the gym leaders Pokémon at like 50 and see which gym leaders really have the strongest team in each game?
4:43 when can you trade a poke that has been traded? Thought it was capped at one like that trade for haunter that's holding everstone just for spite not the move ha
Why not get a mew for gen 1? You can get one in viridian with a glitch
13:14 can't you also get Audino? Coulda sworn back in the day I got an Audino from Route 1
15:37 at what level?! 😱
...Alright, but can you do this list for people who hate in-game trades?
15:38 wait what level? say that again
Wait, why is Onix only the second highest?? Who has more defense???
Y'all don't immediately evolve riolu? I've literally never used a Riolu for more than one level. Just run around for a bit and evolve.
4:52 no, I’m wondering why you didn’t say geodude? You go into that cave where you need flash, but you can move around until geodude shows up😊
Can we do a video on how basculin red and blue has four abilities including the traid
So there is no masters degree for crime...does this mean Grunty Boy is "getting his degree" by preying on children?
So why it is Suicune, not other catchable legendaries？I dont understand.
Why do they have to have nicknames
You didn't pick Fletchinder for Gen 6??  I get that Rilou gets the mega evo, but you get given a Lucario at the very moment you obtain the mega ring anyway
Around level... 6 or 7?
Bulbasaur was the best starter in the older games? I always thought Squirtle was better because you can solo the game quicker with it.
did u grow taller? your camera is so low down in this lol
Is it not a little weird to call Bulbasaur the best first Pokemon to catch on Lets Go, when you need a Catch-Combo to spawn it?
Video Idea: Are DLC Exclusive Pokemon Actually "Better" (not including mons from past gens made obtainable again) stuff like Hydrapple, Blood Moon, etc.
Why are you putting let's go classified as a mainline game? Just because it's on the switch and it's a mainline game region?    Edit: nevermind, you put legends too...
Gen2 why not Geodude? He is good too
Huh. In Gen 4, I feel like I kept running up against opponents that could squash Lucario because of typing.
Hi mandjtv can you plz make a video about some fan made pokemon nuzlocke comics like it's a hard life,dear mom,and zero risks and if you do read this plz respond
No mention of the comically underleveled Salamence on Alola Route 3?
9:51 but can it beat a bidoof tho 🤔🤔
What is this game where do i download it?
cant you get a super early level salamence in sun and moon before the first totem fight?
13:20 Am I mistaken that you can also find Audino in the shaking grass on Unova route 1 and 2?
idc what the video is, im watching
Is Grunti Boy getting a Pokemon Master's Degree?
But how can Starly fare against Roarks Rock-types?
Whats STAB again???
Why isn't the gen 8 choice "enter stone evo of choice here" that has a stone that can be found in the wild area? Power trip rookidee or intimidate flamethrower arcanine, what's going to destroy the early game harder?
My question is, where do you find a Flamigo at level 4?
Oh boy I sure wonder what the Gen 4 pick is going to be
I need to see more of Grunty Boi's education journey, please. And then a PhD in crime. Dr. Grunty Boi? Grunty Doc? Doctor Boi?
What emulator do you use? I had one but I started having computer issues after downloading it so I don’t trust it to download it again
For Sun/Moon, aren't you able to catch lv 5 Salamance on the first island?
Are we not counting the lvl 3 Salamence in the Alola games?
How do you get the trade evolutions on delta emulator?
Wouldn’t the early game Salamanca be the best Pokémon for Alola?
19:28 Next Team Sky when?
How to make a Team Sky recruiting video without it being a Team Sky video  (Rookidee is one of my new fave regional birds. I caught a full odds shiny one of the first routes in my playthrough!)
15:39 wh-what levels?
Did you forget in Sun and Moon you can get a pre first trial Salamence?
Day 2 of asking for Mikey’s mandjtv plays 2m special to be only using milktank fusions in pokemon infinite fusion
15:39 What were those levels again? s-s-SIX OR SEVEN????!!!!
11:37 Why would you remind us?
21:44 Janky Motion Controls? MAKE BELIEVES REBORN!!!
Did you forget that ralts also evolved into gallade, he has a move for every battle you need
Day 1 of asking MandJTV to do a video on what pokemon would the evil teams use if they swap regions
Which scene made you laugh the most?
No geodude for Gen 2? Granted he's out of the way for heading to the gym but he is accessible on that side of route 46.
What about for legends ZA?
How’s it feel to get 169k views in 8 .5 hours? 👍 congrats btw 🎉
what pokemon in gen 1 has a higher defence than onix?
15:38 what did you just say?
Gurl WHAT is that thumbnail
I could just ask chatgpt, but Gen 5, B2/W2, one of them has a poison gym and I couldn’t find anything to work in that gym. So a guide for team selection per game would be ideal
Have you played the new pokemon snap dlc?
27:00 since you technically catch your starter shouldnt that count for this?
So... you are basically a frustrated flying/fighting type gym leader? xD
What about the Salamance in Sun and Moon?
15:39 what level
Oddish?
15:37 level what?
4:50  No, I'm wondering why you didn't mention the geodudes you can get in Dark cave?
15:38 what was that..?
i wonder how grunty boi is going to pay for a masters degree in crime. certainly not by doing crime. that would be ridiculous
15:38 level what?
I don't know if you can, but can't you get Salamence through SOS before the first trial in Alola?
21:10 don’t rock moves deal neutral damage to hawlucha?
What's your opinion on the new megas for the Z starters?
Which is a better name for farfetched Quacklin or Ch-Ding
21:36 Hawlucha is a bird?
Not picking oddish for gen1?
6 or 7!?!?!??!
We have a flying/fighting type based on a flamingo and a luchador so why do we not have one based on a cassowary?
Where is salamence for gen 7😅
Can't you just grab a Geodude in Dark Cave in Gen 2?  Just as great defense, gets Rock Throw at level 11, magnitude at 16.  Seems it should be a tie in my opinion.
Did he put BIDOOf in WEAK!?!
How do you come up with your ideas for videos?
Im pretty sure you can get Nidoran in Firered and LeafGreen in the same spot you can get Mankey
Can someone tell me how to use the randomizer
How I’m the heck do you do your self and your grungy boy alter ego in one video I’m impressed is it a split screen
Can’t you get Munna before the gym in Gen 5?
Can’t you catch a Mareep before Falkner in Crystal only?
With the reasoning for riolu in x technically azurill would also be a good option? if you pick froakie then its type overlap but so is lucario and chesnaught.
For gen 1 butterfree learns confusion when it evolves to butterfree
21:34 Spearow as a much worst bird? Michael, you used a Spearow in a Johto Playthrough at least once from Goldenrod City to Mount Silver and you never replaced her with someone else.
15:36 level what now?
cant you catch a munna in gen 5 right besides the elemental monkeys? i pretty sure in that patch of grass you can find munna there i cant remember if you needed the first badge or not but but im pretty sure munna is there as a early pick up in black or white.
When does team sky go to Alola? Also I think it would be funny if team sky will do a randomized playthrough
Are we sure that this isn't a Team Sky video?
Video idea: (Assuming Pokémon are carnivorous, Pokédex agrees) What Pokemon would wild Pokémon eat?
21:02 how's hawlucha weak to rock?
can't you catch pidove before ther 1st gym in black&white?
Could you beat any of the hm games without having a flying type
15:38 level what?
mandjtv as the voice of the deltarune community will you ever do a deltarune playthrough?
Wouldn't the silcoon/wurmple also be a good option?
21:35  that face give me “are you stupid” vibes
15:38 What were those numbers??
Did you know Pikachu is the 25th entry in the national Pokedex.
Isn't Poliwag available pre gym one in yellow?
There's changes in BDSP?
Isn't Alakazam better than Gardevoir with the special attack?
Rocky in gen 2 isn't that good for bugsy though?! It'll disobey you when its over level 10, so doesn't that hinder its usefulness?
11:02 WAIT WHAT CAN ANYONE EXPLAIN THIS!!
werent you able to catch a salamance before the first totam in sun and moon?
I wonder what first Pokémon is going to be the most useful for Legends Z-A... guess we'll have to wait until the game comes out to find out
11:33 - wait wait wait . . . what's on that note. What aren't you showing us? Why are you keeping secrets?
Brine got me thinking: What would be the best non-starter Surfer in every HM game? (I specify non-starter because Totodile's line has terrible Special Attack)
15:36 what level?
I know this has nothing to do with the video but when are we getting team sky in alola
Boost riolu's friendship from 6 or 7?
WAIT LEVEL 6 OR 7 ?!?! (I’m not sorry
Do you have a reaction video about the latest trailer of ZA ?
What about oddish in gen 1 tho- not only is it strong vs rock, it also will be strong vs misty later due to it being a grass type. It can get absorb for self sustain and evolve at level 21 (B4 misty) to be a gloom which has even better stats.
Where's the school that teaches Crime?
For Gen 2, what level will Onix start disobeying the trainer before fighting Falkner?
"You mean criminal justice right?"  Grunty boy: ......sure
I thought you could catch musharna before you beat the first gym? I'm probably very wrong it's been a long while since I played
A very interesting topic
Dude, why got through the rigamarole of bothering to catch Bellsprout to trade for an Onix when Geodude does the exact same thing but better?
17:52 I thought it was because sumo wrestlers cleanse the area with salt? Or is that myth? Like other fighters don’t learn it?😅
With all the invasions of grunty boy, why Michael never bought a gun?
Dear Mikey why do your thumb nails change from when you first put them out to the next day it’s different
Could you make av video about every hoenn pokemon gamefreak forgot ? Like you did with kanto and jotho
Was about to ask about the 1% Salamence in Gen 7 before realising it was probably after the first trial
Small correction - doesn't fighting resist rock, cancelling out Hawlucha's weakness?
Where is the reaction video for gem 6 mega starters reveal and raichu x and y . Where is your reaction video. If he has posted anything please tell me guys
what level can you start boosting riolu's friendship in x and y?????
17:43 Isn't Hariyama learning brine a reference to sumo wrestlers throwing salt at the begging of their matches?
15:38 What level is Rioli found at…
11:05 what is the universal randomizer?
If youre curious only Cloyster has higher defence in gen 1 at 180
No guts Tailow for RSE???
How many of you guys just never cared about early route pokemon most of the time.
Can you make an update to the best/worst Pokemon of every type?
40 seconds ago?????????
