Has anyone else noticed the 0:34 scene is exactly the same scene as the Kill Team cinematic 2021; if you look up the trailer from 2021 again, and watch it around 0:43, it has the same music too.
Any chance the Vespids will be expanded into a full army?
Why lasgun shots are yellow? In so many games and cinematics they was yellow but they become yellow?
Star Wars Commando 2?
Aww c’mon why isn’t the likes at 40K 😂 to match the awesome tone of this trailer
Why is she wearing a beret? A helmet would be useful for a mission like this.
Hey guys I’m new to warhammer, WHAT ARE THOSS BUGS, WHY DO THEY HAVE TAU WEAPONRY, AND WHAT IS A KILL TEAM
Can someone explain to me what this is. Basicly at trailer for new lore being added?
Why wouldn't this be a tau game against unending guardsmen
Do this videos get made when new figures drop?
I don't know why any warhammer media would need to be live action when they incredible animators
Tha hell with las-weapons effects, gw?!?!
I don't know why the imperium would engage the Tau tho, the Tau are so small of a faction that they pose absolutely no threat, the imperium should be busy elsewhere with Tyranids, chaos and greenskins.
So will this get added to both versions of the game them the digital and table game
Ok but like why do they have those chaos arrows/spikes on their armor? 🤔
@1:41 is that the sound from an M56 Smartgun from Aliens???
What the hell was that gun in the beginning?  It was as big as a frigging battlecruiser!
when does the new kill team release?
Are Vespids coming back!? 😃
do you know which studio made this awesome trailer by the way ?
Need animation movie for this one
can the tau ever not job?
I'm not to familiar with scions but what is that robot?
That Tau spotlight though?!??!
But why are they orange?
Is that the Solar Auxilia?
wtf was that  lol
is this new pc game coming out ?
World eater kill team when?
Is this trailer for new game?
Aren't Tau expert marksmen? Shouldn't they have hit that turrent the moment it touched down?
Can we get much higher
Amazing animation work. Also: VESPID PLASTICS?
so a normal day in warhammer 40k?
*hey if i put a alien gun sound effect just here ?* 1:41
They jump now?!
Is this the edition where the tyranids finally get a bespoke team? If not, I don't care
Is the first scene with the tau, where he hides behind a wall and the guys next to him gets shot, is it just me or is that almost like the one with Korps of kreig?
Is it too much to ask for every model model release have such a nice intro?
Looking forward to the idea of new vespids, but does anyone else feel like the gun audio is too "twee"? The scions are shooting hellguns: you'd expect those to sound like they're scorching the air.
Is this a game a show or boardgame?
I wonder if itll be a squad of 5 or 10 in a box. Just asking so i can print krieg heads
regular human soldiers who are given good training and equipment and not treated as canon fodder? Didnt know these existed in 40k
Why do these guardsmen look like they're wearing black legion armor?
The real question is how much is it gonna cost me😂😂😂
Where is this video from?
I dont know must about wh40 but this bug is same bug in space marine2 game?
I don’t believe I’ve seen those particular xenos before, anyone know what species they are and how they are related to the commie fish tau?
Can i get that servo crab turret in plushie form??
I think the real question is will there be a stormboyz kill team?
Would real Tempestus Scions get wiped out by a bunch of lousy Geonosians? I doubt it!
you had an entire regiment of drop troops... why didn't you use them ffs.
It's not for video game ?
is that just 4000 points of kill teams?
CoD/Battlefield game with guardsmen when?
So what's the announcement? Are we getting a new edition? This was cool, but didn't really tell me anything at all.
I don't understand. Where are the Ultramarines? Is this a spin off universe? There are always Ultramarines. Has GW been taken hostage? Is this a hidden plea for help? Something is wrong. Ultramarines need to be in it and they always need to win. That's how 40k works.
Is this gonna be a game or?
is this in space marine 2???
where is elysians ?
maybe don't set up your defensive line on a pile of explosive goop
Why does this trailer go hard af
Is this a game? Looks amazing
I’m gonna guess, the box will have 10 Scions, at least 1 maybe 2 of the small walker drones, 10 maybe 12 Vespids, and maybe a munitorum containers set?
I mean ... Can we get a decent video game that isn't a human action game?  I wanna have a space marine style game but play as an Ork.
They couldn’t give the vespids at least one clean kill?
What is it a trailer for? I don't understand.
What's up with the Vespid hype?
So is this going to be a fps like dark tide if so I’ll buy it
There’s bugs in warhammer now?!
When will there be a proper movie or series with this level of care and quality? Would love to see the eisenhorn trilogy put to screen!
Aight...now you got me all hot and bothered for kill team, when can I expect one of those 'eavy metal folks over here to paint this stuff up so I can play? 😂😂😂😂😂
Are they called Kill Team because they all get killed every time they are sent into battle?
What was that servo turret called?
Tau not getting one sidedly killed? in official warhammer ? how is this possible???
is this the only type of game you guys can make nowadays?  Four player co-op wave shooter?
Chat, are those tyranids or are those TAU?
New vespid models when?
Am I the only one who felt like the assets in this trailer is coming from darktide..? Or maybe the setting is just so familiar
So new kill team mission based around flight? Might mean you cant use majority of existing kill teams for this.
How tight is that beret on to stop it from coming off while flying?
Anyone else catch the M41A Pulse Rifle sound @ 1:40, or was that just me?
1:20 are these sound assets from astartes?
Snakebites next box?
Is it me or this trailer is pretty Imperium sided? Tau forces deaths have them squashed like flies and numerous. The Imperium deaths are heroic, in slow mo, to the last and few. Gw, you should be careful with the favoritism!
So what is this? A new game? A show? I don't get it :D
Does this mean we're getting a Vespid Killteam?
What was the mission here? Stop the tau from sabotaging the gun? Unfortunately the scions failed.
"Hans, are we the baddies?"
im pretty sure bog standard fire warrior tau armor can take on lasgun shots pretty well or can someone explain
exciting to see new scions. Hope that we get more info on them this weekend. I want to know... - What base size are they going to be on - Can we make them as on foot without the jetpacks? - Their overall size, I might have some temptation to use Subjugator helmets on them? - Are they going to have enough special weapon options to fully outfit them? - Can we please get them in Imperial Agents... Either way looking solid, really love the trailers...
Wasn't there a Kill Team game on Xbox 360?
They fly now?!
Not orky enough!!! But it does look great.
1:41 is that the Aliens pulse rifle I hear?
Are they making a kill team video game or is this just for the table top have a new models?
Why can't we have more animated series, legit question?
Is this a game or what? Cuz in the description it says Game and Gaming? But no where in video or other descriptions say anything else
So is this going to be a videogame or is this a trailer for a tabletop release? Can never tell with how good these trailers are.
Why is there a cinematic for this?
So is this a Trailer for a new Videogame or a watchable series?
Is this for darktide
Are we gonna get completely different rules like we did when killteam 2 came out?
Why do all the guns go PEW PEW PEW (including the ones that use bullets)?
What is this? Is it a movie, show, game, tabletop set?  They show us this cool cinematic and not tell us what it is promoting
Is there option for the scions to have no jet pack?
Is it just me or does this feel like the Astartes-Guy was involved in the creation of this trailer?
Where is the GRIM DARK in this futur ?
ok but can this be a video game? i can be the only one who wants this as a video game right?
Is this a videgane trailer? What is it? I'm a 40k noob.
what are Tau doing on an imperial world?
Is this just a new Kill Team addition or the start of a new season? When is the new season, please? I want a updated compendium as I refuse to buy the current one when it is already obsolete.
Wait are those humans armor are they part of the chaos?
It's not some trailers about game right ? 🤔
I have only one question: -Why are you posting such beauty in 2024 and not in 4K?)
Wait, is this a trailer for a video game, or for the tabletop wargame?
They have Geonosians in Warhammer now?
Good to see the good guys(vespids) winning!  Anyway on a more srs note- is this the start of a all jump pack kill team mode? Swopping hawks? Seraphim? Stormboyz?!
Why do Imperial troops loose in EVERY cinematic? Why they can't win just for once???
They fly now?!
Two questions: 1. Where can we have those awesome auto-cannon？ 2. When can the Agents get those jump pack scions？  FOR THE EMPEROR✊🏻✊🏻
Can we get much higher?
Why isn't that Sergeant wearing a helmet.
What is going on with this Armour? Why does it look like it's got all this Chaos trim on it? Also, that gun servo-skull at 0:26 is the GOAT.
Why'd they  change lasfire from being red beams to yellow bolt like its Star Wars all  of a sudden?
Why did she bring a Las pistol, tempestors not allowed plasma pistols now?
Vespid with Ion-Cannon and Rail-Rifles?
Its a game?
Where is Astartes 2?
Is  it just me or does it look like they have CSM (black legion colours) armour on lol
Why no helmet on the sgt. Seems dumb good vid besides that.
