Why am I being reminded of the movie Red Dawn? (2012 version)
What happen if China implement export tax on par with US trarrif?
They? Who Are The They? The Cabal, The Deep State Or White Hats? Go And Negotiate, They Are Waiting For Your Next Move.
I Am Wondering Whether My Posts Are Censored? It's Painful But At Least I've Tried To Share The Real Things, Not Fear-mongering Narratives.
Wondering Why I'm Only In TG, TELEGRAM & RUMBLE Social Media? Freedom Of Access To The Real Truths. None Of Singapore's Media Report Anything Worthy Of Following, No Different From All Western Controlled MSMs.
Why And How To Solve The Problem? Not why and how the problem. BRICS, DEDOLLARIZATION, STAND UP AND FIGHT BACK. But This Is Not LKY SINGAPORE ANYMORE. HE WASN'T AFRAID OF AMERICA. But Singapore Is So Americanized its like the 51st little America
10% tariff  vs  COE prices that are paying here… which is more ?
Notice how the government does not dodge questions, but address questions with genuinity and intelligence with clear logic? Somthing that the US can learn from.
*Why no one ask why the SG Gov is NOT going to talk to the US? That is the real question here? it's truly odd that they want to play a game of fear looming to citizens. Oh...GE coming so must do that to win then fix this issue. Vote wisely people*
Who is the blue coat female MP that sits behind? I always see her in every session 😊
What would the late LKY do?
More China plants will setup here n shipping directly to USA?
everyone knew this tariff was coming... surely it's not a sudden move.  so why no prep?
Free contest of ideas: we debate till death, and who will do the work of navigating the tariffs and bring us orders and jobs?
Do the MPs really understand what has been shared by the PM?
Maids and young children are horrifically abused to death. You are not going to do anything? Business as usual?
Can anyone explain what is TARIFF in the first place.  Hopefully is not some form of Import Tax which to be paid by the importer. If so What this tariff got to do with the exporter.  Sorry to ask a stupid question. Hopefully some brilliant scholar can enlighten my ignorant.
if every countries was zero tariff before and now everyone is on a 10% tariff, other than the america local manufacturers, isn't it still a level playing ground?
Not reciprocal tariff. Is trump’s crazy tariff😂
What if Chinese exports to SG, then repackage and export to US, will that have 10% or 104% tariffs?
It seems to me that whenever there is an increased subsidy on example childcare, skills training, they will become more expensive. The common sales tactic is that after the subsidy or the skills future support, you don't have to fork out cash. This price hikes diminish the effects of the support
Shifting blame to USA?
If every country should have at least 10% tariff, wouldn't that make trading with us more attractive to them since we are one of the few countries with the lowest at 10%???
If running a trade deficit is so good why is it most Asian and European countries try to structure their economies in such a way that they will get a trade surplus with the USA?
Why not save $$ by cancelling F-35 orders?
Many countries (i heard about 50) already rushing to negotiate the tariff, but i wonder if any country can even trust "negotiated" agreements with someone who don't even abide by his ownself created trade agreement such as NAFTA, beside tearing away the nuclear agreement  with Iran.
What is the difference between GST and tariffs
Not rule based, But Power based..Just like anyone with power set the rule.As in Singapore, PAP is in power so they set the rule n regulation even if they chao kuan change the rule, none ordinary dare to overthrow them, but all just follow blindly.Ask yourself if truly fear is on pubic our livelihood, the 84 white should be on retrenchment list very soon to consolidate and cut cost on manpower.If all crisis from human creation only affect ordinary u n I, it isa laughing stock to why we still pay u leader high pay n secure job..We should hv subcontract their job to external asmuch like how local job is taken over by ft upon competitive pay, think deeply and vote wisely singaporean..🤔🤫🫣😅🤣😂
Whats your plan B?
