wait how is the 24 and the plus the same size? one iss 6.7 and one is 6.2
guys Im confused, should I get 14 pro max or s24 plus...
Does S23 ULTRA get same AI features as S24 ULTRA?
Isn't it on Exynos now?
price? For s ryals
But I am so wondering why none of these big influencers calling out for Samsung for their lousy screens? Could we start to hold these big brands accountable for their mistakes and not let the customers bear the cost?!?!?!
Does the + shoot in RAW?
Heloo is this phone had any signal problem ? I heard exynox tend to have weaker signal coverage than other soc such as snapdragon etc. thanks pls answer i needed this before buying this phone 🙏
How does Dbrand protect against camera lens scratches?
The 7 year OS update is a good thing, but I doubt the S24's battery will last that long, 4000Mh is already weak. What is the solution?
Okay, so what the heck is up with this channel? Why I can watch videos on it in picture-in-picture mode, but I can't do it with other videos? Can somebody help me to figure it out?
Will it translate any lauguage? Wanting Greek.
Can you review Samsung S24FE too?
Hey guys 👋🏻. I've got an S23 Ultra that's pretty beat-up and I'm due to switch it up. Would anyone here wait for the S25 Ultra? or get an S24 Ultra at a really "great" price? (flagships are way too overpriced, no matter what the discount would be, IMHO) *This is a genuine question from me, not part of some marketing research thing... Thanks in advance to those who took your valuable time to help a stranger online. 🙏🏻
How is the camera in third party apps? Also,  is the zoom still as clear in those apps?
When do we get crash detection, satellite connection and fall detection?? Apple is ahead of us !!
How is the face recognition in low light conditions?
Sorry can someone help me- What color is @Marques S24 Ultra phone color in? I LOVE the color but I don't seem to have caught what he said
Is the translation feature available on the s24 as well or only the ultra?
@MarcusBrownlee I don't know if you did a comparison video samsung s24 vs. the Pixel 9. If not, can you please do a video on these 2 phones.
Hi  I'm trying to choose between the Galaxy S24 and Pixel 9 for my father. He needs a compact phone with good battery life that’s fast and doesn’t lag. He mainly uses it for calling, WhatsApp, and email. He also has a lot of contacts, and his WhatsApp tends to lag because of this, so I want to make sure that won’t happen with the new phone. Which one would you recommend?    Thanks!
Is there a time limit for the speech to text function?
Hello, watch your video and you explain it very well. But I have a question. Do you think it makes more sense to buy the S23 256 GB or the S24 128 GB? (There is a very slight difference between them in my country)
Have u heard about the vertical green line appearing on ohones in india..s. series samsung phones
Dude, why is the audio on your videos always really quiet or really loud?
what's that thing on your face
I really want to buy smaller s24 but why did samsung nerf the s24 too much when they have the same chipset and camera as the plus version? 1. S24 could have thicker profile from 7.6mm to 8.0mm or more. Then bump the battery to 4200mah. 2. No Ultra Wideband like the plus version. Its a new tech that nobody use yet but in 7 years time?  3. 8GB of RAM instead of 12GB? In 7 years of update the phone might have trouble keeping up.
Do the MagSafe wireless chargers for the iPhones work with these?
Marques, can you review the S24 with the Exynos 2400 CPU rest of the world had no choice other than accept to buy it?
Guys im experiencing the uggliest camera shots, I tried to clean the lens, adjust yhe settings and everything but they keep coming out blurry or oversaturated, also they're super dark. I'm surprised no one talked about this but any way to fix it? If not im just going to trade in because its not worth it when my s20 note ultra camera was so much better than this
Good evening people from the internet. Anyone knows why colleague Andrew switched from Pixel to s24 ?
I really don't get it, people shooting "Pro" often want to have a more flat picture, with less contrast and less saturation, but Pro people don't use 4k ?
I can't be a processor limit, but why??
Wondering why suddenly so attracted to Samsung S22,23,24 is because they look like iPhones 😂
Hi, did you do an update video on the S24 ?
Doesn't the s24 and s24+ have the exynos 2400?
Will there be a fix on the grainy display? Would have been a great phone...
As someone who uses iPhone 12mini at the moment, I am actually considering of upgrading to the S24+   Anythoughts please? ☺️
I used to be on android when I was younger I had almost every Samsung galaxy up until the s8+ and some one plus phones and then I switched to Apple and it seems impossible to get out of their ecosystem I’d like to upgrade to the new s24+ but I’m not sure if it’s worth switching anymore when everyone is still on Apple
Has the camera blurr issues with the s23 and 24 resolved?
could you make a video about when to upgrade your phone?
I doubt this question will ever reach Marques, but I'm really wondering why no modern phones are designed with sd cards slots anymore? We definitely have the technology and definitely have the space, plus the flexibility of upgrading your phone's memory at ease for any consumer is wonderful. Last Samsung to do this is the one I have (S20), but I said to myself I'm not going to buy a new phone until they bring that feature back. Phone companies should stop being greedy with cloud-based memory plans. This is ridiculous
Wonder if you could crop the watermark off an ai generated photo?
What is the function of the tiny extra port beside the USB-C port?
What do you think of the samsung exclusive colors?
I have a Note20 ultra and tryna decide if I'm going back to iPhone or if I'm grabbing this 🤨
I got my s24 ultra ,is it ok the battery went from 100% to 82% after 2h and 19 min from stop charging !!?
Did someone notice whenever I minimize youtube this particular video keeps running even tho I dont have youtube premium. Or it’s my iphone only? Idk why
Some people says that black on the s24 ultra is not good compare to s23 ultra.... Its not so deep black looks like grey is that true bro ??
Do Samsung phones still have that annoying Bixby feature/button?  I personally don't like it.
Is that clever camera AI on just the ultra or all of the 24?
Thanks again for your overview on the phone. I really want to upgrade my mom's phone (she's still running the s10e), and the preorder offer of upgraded storage is actually pretty tempting with apps taking lots of space and family taking lots of photos/videos. Without using it beforehand would you think its worth doing the preorder offer with just the information available before a hands on full review? I would love to try the Ultra since I had a Note years ago, but might be too much for my mom. Would you choose the s24+ over the s24 when it seem like it's almost the same phone but slightly better?
Why you and youtubers like you are not vocal about the downgrade in the display.!! i'm Completely dissatisfied with whitewash, and dull display...!!  Dispaly is one thing in which no one can beat them, but it seems now Samsung don't want to be on top in display section anymore...!!
I am more interested to know the major difference between s24 plus and S24 Ultra
Are there any upgrades to the Dex feature?
Where is the OnePlus 12 review?
I'm coming from samsung note 3, is this a big difference compared to samsung S24 ultra ?
Anybody else notice how the new Galaxy S24 phones are built like Iphones now?
Why the hell I heard the video in Spanish, is it just me, or he’s actually talking in Spanish ?
Does it have lidar?
Do you have a video about why Samsung flagships are having the green line screen issue? Mine started with just one and over the course of several months its now reached 14 lines. I noticed one line gets added every software update from Samsung though.....😢
Now I’m wondering when iPhone will have AI stuff like this (probably never)
Anyone realised tht Pip works on this vid ?
What magsafe stand is that?
what about screen colours reproduction? have you noticed any differences?
Hey @mkbhd did you know that the AI features in S24 ultra is only free till 2025? Post which isn't subscription based?
Why can’t they do stuff like Xiaomi does with the batteries, charging and stuff that actually makes our day to day life better?  I’m so bored of them always making the screen better and the chip more powerful.  I’m using an iPhone 12 Pro and genuinely don’t see why I should upgrade.
How can we say the bezel is thinner on every new phone? Is the display going to be wider that the body of the phone one of these days?
Why am I listening to this video in Spanish 😂???
When are you reviewing OnePlus 12?
Is there an emergency satellite connectivity?
What brand magnetic wireless charger is that at the end?
OnePlus 12 review coming? Maybe?
Anyone else think Samsung should release some sort of an ultra mini phone?
Should I upgrade to S24 Ultra? [iPhone 12 Mini]
Can you give a genuine review f s24 twenty four ultra is having any heating issues in comparison to s23 s twenty three ultra?
When was it released
Does oneUI now have Seamless updates?
Will it have removable sd cards I miss my sd cards
Questions you should ask Samsung 1) Do you think they will add Galaxy AI on the S23 Ultra as the two phones are not that much different. 2) If they want to bring back the flat screen, why not bring back the SD card slot if they want to "resurrect" the Note series? Which the S24 Ultra is 'trying' to be
Great Video what is a major difference?
I was thinking what happened with Marq, does he knows Spanish now? I do not why but the audio track was default in Spanish.😅
Are you promoting Lgbt by that rainbow animation?😕
I wonder if you care about charging speed and battery, such as charging power above 100W, full charge in 30 minutes or even 20 minutes, battery capacity above 5000 mAh
Sir , please could you tell me 23+ or 24+ Exynos on basis of battery drain SOT and standby drain . I want to buy 24+ but negative reviews have come up. But I want it from you.
Isn't the circle the screen thing basically Google Lens?
Do A55, do they look identical.
When is it coming out ?
Can you compare the camera to the note 20 ultra?
Dude where's the full review already? I mean it's the only thing making me wait to preorder.
all i want to know is if there is camera lag or not.
I just want to know what technologies are used for fingerprint and face unlock.
dude in Europe only the s24 Ultra has the snapdrangon, the other ones have the Exynos chip from samsung and they cost more money in Europe too....WTF is that samsung??
My question is if I have the Samsung s23 ultra is it really worth the update?
This might be a dumb question. But what is the camera besides the ultra wide? Is it for portraits?
Is it Qi2 enabled ?
Does all ai stuff also work on s24 and 24+ or just ultra ?
Man that skirt thats been hightlighted costs $1k++ ? What the heck lol
Can't decide wether i'll get the 15 pro max or the 24 Ultra, recommendations?
I'd like to hear more about how hardware was optimized for AI (how is it different from s23 hardware).
currently using an S21. Is S24 a good upgrade? 😅
Those prices, who is buying these?
will they be able to thin in out like the samsung galaxy note 3
Does the s24 and s24plus get all the same ai stuff?
Samsung back to using Apple design language?   Time is a flat circle indeed
How do you think will Flip series get much better this year?
Awesome as always. Is there any chance you put screen protector and give us an update if reflection get worst? I wanna know if anti reflection works with screen protectors? Thanks in advance
Is it true that users will have to pay for the AI features after 2025?
Still no 16GB RAM??? My S20 Ultra has 16GB. Still no reason for me to upgrade lol
Is s24 worth upgrade s23. I have s23 8/256
What are the security concerns if any with AI being baked into the system to such an extend?
What sweatshirt is he wearing in this video, I want it!
Went to order that dbrand case but they don't ship until 1-2 mo after the phone arrives lol. Now who's the one being lazy.
What!  Blatantly copying Apple ? 😂😂😂 The champions of plagiarism.
Do they have the live translation on iPhone?
Is it just me or have most phone reviews in the past few years started with "they're more interesting than they look" then proceed to list things current phones already have
The AI is in the ultra only or across all models?
Why even release a new phone each year if it's the same?
Samsung knights ?
A whole new team for that thumbnail?
Whats so good about A.I.?.why are people so obsessed of fake pictures??what's the point of keeping a picture if it isn't real??
Useless this time boxy with out fashion and very boring plus ai with very low real time use and even removed curved screen which was a highlight for a flagship samsung screen..
assuming all the AI features are rely on the internet right ?
Marques what is your take on the tech industry's effect on the environment?
can the s24 face-unlock be fooled? with fotos same as with the s22 could?  and are multiple users available as in one-ui 5?
What am I hearing about all the AI features being part of subscriptions? Is it true that the phone comes with one year free subscription of the AI features and then needing to subscribe to use those features?
It would be helpful if someone would compare the camera quality  of a phone using the operating system released originally with a phone and another one after several updates. I hear all the time that the software improves the camera quality but would like to see how much of an improvement this makes. 😅
I have the s22 ultra. Should I jist wait like 2 or 3 more years? Seems like not as much improvement
Wont the main camera with digital zoom produce equally good photo at 3x, making the 3x module redundant?
Does this phone support mmwave and would upgrade from a s10+5g?
Is the Samsung OS still the worst in the Android space or did they finally remove the gimmick bloat and trim it down?
Out of the topic but does anyone else noticed that this video supports PIP while others do not ?
Who thinks the they should bring the edge back? 🙄
can you turn off the AI?
Can I get something for that phone so I can used my 1TB sd card on it
Every Samsung I own had burn in problems. Wonder will this still be a problem.
How is Galaxy AI different than Google's photo software on a Pixel?
How many times does marques says "across the board"?
MKBHD can you shred some light on the possible charging for AI after 2025?
Copying apple's homework?! 😂
Hey Marques, when can we expect the full video from you? Samsung is doing crazy trade in deals if you preorder but that ends on the 30th of January. I would like to know if this is worth switching to android and not getting the Apple 15 Pro. Thank you!
If the iphone did not exist would it still look like the iphone.
I would love to know if the real time translation is available on other calling apps such as whatsapp and wechat. Because absolutely NOONE is making an international call on native phone app, right? 😊
do comparison between pixel 8pro and s24 ultra
Anyone remember sony z5 series
1 question.  Will I get the updates on my S20 FE 5G ?
Hey Marquez, how good is ai generated background blur?
Will samsung include the Ai feature on s23 ultra and older versions?!
Is Galaxy AI available for all series? Or just for the ultra?
AI comes from Google right, Gemini?
Should i upgrade from my 6 y.o S9+ to S24+ ?? 😂😂
More than meets the AI? 😁
Was that "lense theory" a nod to the "Game Theory" channel?!!
me instantly: "bruh why tf does it look like an iphone? 🤦🏾‍♂"
Recorded on the S24 Ultra?
On another note why does YouTube allow PIP when I watch this video I’m using an iPhone btw
So Apple won't be able to sue Samsung for s24 design? lol It is a duplicate!
i want to buy one of the online exclusive colors? do you recommend this and if yes which one?
Why is there a subscription for the AI after the end of 2025, when the main upgrade for the phone is the AI
what is the current state of being able to de-samsung a galaxy phone and just be left with the google stuff? last i had was an S10 and it was a constant fight.
Is bixby any better than it was 5 years ago? Does the camera now take real photos of the moon or is it still faked by Samsung?Can the finger print reader read better through glass screen protectors? Have they chosen 1 messaging app to rule them all? In that have they fixed the conflicting sound management of the google keyboard? (Add some click sounds in gboard on low then turn the Samsung system volume all the way up. The keyboard couldn’t be any louder. So use Samsung keyboard? Samsung keyboard gets most words wrong. Have they made the batteries any bigger or is 5000 the highest possible? Have they made the Face ID unlock usable to the point it can be used to log in to say banking apps? What about the fact that any voice assistant as well as google only decides to listen to you half the time? Hey if all these issues are fixed then
Please tell me where you get that wallpaper 🤩
I love the underlying ethical questions in your voice 😅
Any of these AI software updates coming to S23 Ultra?
So um what exactly is the major difference??
Headphone jack or nah??
What I would like is a unbiased review as for copying iPhones homework isn't that what apple been doing for years have apple actually invented anything or just used every one else's homework
Would you recommend switching to Samsung from iPhone?
Why is this brand new flagship phone already discounted? I just got email from Samsung with 15% discount + free watch + higher storage for the price of lower storage! 😮 is it a bad phone?
Wish 24 plus didn't start with 256 gb.  I use like 70 gb max, why do I have to pay more?
I wonder when or if the new Galaxy AI features will trickle down to older flagship models.
Why was this video boring?
Will these new phones have an option to record phone calls, Galaxy Samsung A12 doesn't have that option.
Which s24 models to get?  Hbout the non ultra ones
So all of them are snapdragon? I thought the s24 and s24 plus had a different processor?
Can we go back to a time where phones weren't released rapidly? I don't see much improvement compared to the previous S phones.
So can I buy the S24 and S24+ with the Snapdragon only in USA? I don't want to have the Exynos.
I have the S22 Ultra idk if this is a worthwhile upgrade
Didn't Bixby already support screen search for years? Now it just updates to a draw-a-circle search? LMAO.... And acutally now this kind of search is realized by Google WebView, so actually not a Samsung exclusive AI feature.
Hey Marques 1 Can you explain why on Europe an S24 & S24+ they don't have SnapDragon but exynos 2400? Why 's that?
It feels like a scam to sell S24/S24+ with exynos in many countrys while they sell it with Snapdragon in the US.
Should I swap out my Xiaomi Mi 11 Ultra for a S24 Ultra? Worth the downgrades in specs in some areas?
Why yall need a new phone every year? Im going on 6 years with my Note 9. Still works great.
Will Samsung ever stop his obsession with Apples design? I mean for other phone makers it’s ok to copy apple’s great design but Samsung it’s supposed to be 2nd to Apple in term of smartphone so it makes it look weak. 🤷‍♂️
On the water mark......couldn't you just screenshot the photo. Then crop out the water mark?
do you know if the phones do also run with the snapdragon in europe? Or is it the exenos ?
whose Bixby also woke up?? 😂
Is it just me that's slightly surprised on the battery life? S24 for 4000 mAh. Only?
Genuinely spent the first 2 minutes of this video wondering if this was a prank and i was watching an iphone review- seriously.
Does this mean that almost all galaxy ai is actually from google?  Because it uses googles star thingy?
I wonder what happens if you try to crop out that watermark or edit it out? Seems too easy to get rid of..
I wanna know what upgrade bixby had..
Is it true that the ai features are only free till 2025 and after that it will be subscription based?
Does this mean it’ll reduce accident screen touches while passing the phone to someone else? Always been my biggest gripe about my wife’s Samsung phones.
Why Samsung never produced or can't produce a MINI Samsung Galaxy S Ultra?😔
Users can always crop AI watermark from the border, yes?
can you make a video review of A24? S24 too expensive for common user
Why is nobody talking about Galaxy Ai being free until 2025?
Do u know the weight of the phone i have always had and have Samsung but really like the weight of iphone
Can you tell what is the brand of your blue hoodie?
3:12 Why does the S24 have a starting storage of 8GB?
does S22 ultra get this AI software?
Um... what is a matpat? Lol
I don't understand how your video is the only one where I can go into PiP mode without having YouTube Premium. I knew PiP was available for everyone in the USA without Premium, but I live in a different country. Do you have a special deal with YouTube? 🤨
How is S20 still better than S24???? HW spec wise at least.
most of this is really cool and a good use of ai but i'm not super into that generative photo editor. yeah, it bakes in those sparkles, but it sounds like those can be cropped out? hopefully samsung will prevent this from happening
Enough with the jabs at Samsung for adjusting to developments at other companies. Apple and Google do the same thing. Didn't Apple copy OLED displays, wireless charging, image stabilization based on multiple cameras, and many more from Samsung, or do those not count?  We should just be happy that the companies are recognizing good things and bringing those features to their customers.
Just rocking the S23 Ultra. Debating if I should jump to the S24. Wondering if the software upgrades will roll out for us S23 Ultra users or if they're keeping it exclusive to the new phones.
Can you compare the ultra to the pixel 8 pro? I'm debating between them
How is this video playing in picture in picture for me without premium account? 😮
Great job ! Question , In the phone call translation part of your video , Does the other person you're calling Have to have the S24 also right ? , In order to get all those wonderful translation features
05:33 Did Marques want to search the skirt or .......
Does the glass gets hot enough so i can use it as a cooktop?
Ok.. so exactly same body, similar camera, but they just added AI tricks, and that's it?? Why won't people buy s23 series and then download all those apps that does similar things and save money
Can someone tell me why the ai generated image has a watermark ? Besides the obvious that it's ai generated
Hey chat, I own a s22 Ultra....is upgrading to the s24 ultra worth it? I just use my phone for calls and social media. Am I really missing out?
Who trusts Samsung’s AI features? Specially considering how bad Bixby has failed
Planning to sell my Pixel 8 and buy S23  Will I regret it?
I am visually impaired and I use the zoom to read small text on for examples ingredients on a cereal box or a TOS, can you test AI to easily read something back so I can just point the camera to something and have it read it back.
So they're back to Galaxy A5 design huh?
Could you also test Dex I’m wondering if that feature is still available
I wonder if the similarity to the bard stars is an indication that this is powered by Google models. Does kind of make you wonder how Google is going to continue pixel if they're gonna give away their AI models.
What the heck!? We're still on s24!? Man I swear I've had my s23+ for an eternity. Also, I'm noticing it's slowing down now as well.
I still have the S9+. Been kind of thinking of upgrading but phone still works perfectly, not sure if I should pull the trigger or not lol
😮‍💨Not gunna lie, very disappointed they got rid of the curve on the display and body. And also doesn't feature any color in their 'colors'... very boring and uninspired design choices tbh.   Software-wise though it looks great
Does the live translation work on group calls in which every speaker speaks a different language?
Samsung dex new features  ?
Is the S24 Ultra 512gb worth it if it's $650 US for no trade in? Good deal with Google Fi. Going from an S21 Ultra 256gb
In terms of spec variation between vanilla, +, and Ultra: are the exynos releases identical in all other aspects?   E.g., same combinations of memory & storage?  PS: The exterior design looks fresh, but it isn't really new for either Samsung or Apple :)
could s23ultra get these features?
5:38 What is that 1475$ mini skirt 🤑
Those new AI featured will be updated for S23 as well I assume?
What do you think of the new Exynos processor? 2400
Why do i feel like Samsung is becoming Apple? Same design for 3 years?
Has anyone else watching this video realised Picture in Picture works on an iPhone 15 pro max - strangely only on this video though?
How much wil this fhone cost in 2years?
what is this thing on the right side, under the power button?
what is this thing on the right side, under the power button?
Why would you bother upgrading phones nowadays, for the past 5 years every phone has been the same for everyday use. Only thing that lets them down is the dogshit batteries they put in them that die so they make you upgrade
Is this phone dual SIM in the USA? I want to use two lines at the same time with this phone.
is it me or the video footage is way too crispy?
One thing that's extremely unclear about the Galaxy S24 series of phones: which models have Ultra-wideband (UWB)? I've contacted Samsung support and they said that all US version of the phone (including the base S24 model) include UWB, but other sources say that only the Plus and Ultra models have UWB. One possibility is that the Qualcomm S24 has UWB while the Exynos S24 does not, but I would really appreciate if MKBHD could investigate this question.
Can you compare the 22, 23, and 24 all together
Is this the only channel that allows PiP???
I don’t get it…. Why would I buy a new phone if these are just mainly software features and could be easily updated on the previous model? If they are not then their software support is rubbish unlike Apple’s and not worth investing in it. I like the design of the basic s24 just like s23 last year. I hope to get the last years phone at a good price at some point. Don’t care about the ai - which will become paid subscription in 2025 btw.
Does anyone know if there is a fingerprint reader and  if yes where it is located? Couldn't find any information about it.
My biggest grow about the S23 ultra is the horrendous under the screen finger print reader. Is this improved?
Magnetic cases mess with s-pen, might be something worth mentioning? No? Ok.
2 questions re Ultra: 1. S 🖊-titanium or plastic? 2.Gripcase: does it come clear; Samsung has additional colors on their website, wouldn't want to cover those up...
is he talking about Samsung notes?
What is happening with MKBHD channel? it used to be at the top of my recommendations when I search for phones but now Google is just knowingly pushing down his videos. I feel someone may Google is playing with Marquees. Even the channels I am not subbed to are also being shown in the feed. I feel most of these tech companies should open source their algorithms for all the world to see. Because they are using their power to push down good content creators to push their narrative.
Issue I have with Samsung is the lack of privacy.
How can I play this video in the background but not other from different channels
the s24/+ are exynos here in the UK and I think Europe. wonder what they're going to be like.
At what point do we realize and recognize that pixel has most of these AI features already or are about to get them as well
Google Pixel 8 Pro, iPhone 15 Pro Max, Samsung S24 Ultra. All new phones released in 2024 which do you think is the best.
Wait, so "Galaxy AI" is just Google stuff? Not that that's a bad thing, but it surprised me!
For live translations, Do both callers need S24's with Ai and language packs downloaded?
Did they add Hdr and dolby vision support?  It's so frustrating to not be able to play 4k HDR videos on a 1100$ phone (s23 ultra)
why did samsung follow apple's design? whyyyyy
How come this video plays in PiP on iPhone?
All that apart, is the moon thing real?
Is AI Available on S21 Ultra?
7:40 Huh? You understand Spanish? Or were you reffering to your colleagues there?
Is it just me or someone else couldn't finish the video, bro is the same phone!!
nice to have 7 years updates but.... what about exynos in Europe ? If this is the case, I can not trust the 7 years updates considering AI that might be hungry..... not fan of it... I just wanted to leave Apple but now... just considering if it's worth in EU... not sure
No memory card slot?!?!? Psh com'mon samsung
First the rounded of edges like iPhone now titanium like iPhone as well seems kinda sus
Pls do a comparison to pixel 8 see which one has better AI features
What if we crop those bard stars from the edited photo? Is it possible? If yes then giving it at a corner makes no sense. We can clear the metadata data as well. Plz share ur thoughts on this in detailed review.
Is the camera still glitching / lagging like all previous Galaxy versions no matter the OS ?
Are there any changes to the finger print reader? You didn't mention it. Awesome coverage as usual
Soooo whatever happened to that hidden holepunch Sammy teased for the ultra back in like 2019??🤔
Where are the android kids crying that 15 pro looks the same as 14 pro?
I got iPhone 14 Pro Max is it worth it to upgrade to the s24 ultra ?
What AI features are they gonna push to previous generation phones via software updates!? That's really a deciding factor here for people to buy the new generation or not. Can you please inform on that? Thanks!
Aww why didn't they curve the corners on the Ultra? T_T
I would love to see same distance looking shot with different type of cameras phone can do.   So then we could do detail comparison.  Does lens gets distorted or not? that would be neat to see.
The case has MagSafe? 👀
Why can i put this video into picture in picture mode even without YouTube premium
camera upgrades seems necessary for photography
Will the AI features get passed down to the S23 series? If yes, after how long?
Awe man, am I the only person who enjoyed the waterfall edge? Dang why they gotta remove it😭
Hello, I just noticed that MKBHD videos I watch on my IPhone I can watch in a Picture in Picture or small window format over other apps, I am not sure how it is called, but it is a YouTube premium option. But I don’t have YouTube premium yet still can watch in Picture in Picture format MKBHD videos. Does anyone know why is that? Genuinely curious.
But is Samsung's bloatware is still there? This is the only reason why I don't want it and I know you can root it, but then makes the warranty void.
wonder how heavy it will be on the server side :D
How am I about to play this video in pip mode without having premium? 😯
When did new phones get so boring?
Same cpu in europe or do they go back to screwing us again ?
One thing I was wondering why Samsung never faces any criticism for using the same design as last year like apple does 🤔
why all youtube reviewer use 3 buttons navigation system ??
Samsung should consider removing the S-Pen and selling it separately and increasing its battery capacity to 5,500-6000mah on the Ultra.
Are you thinking of checking out the fitness tracking ring samsung announced?
Are these features also coming to the s23 ultra or are they just the prime feature of the s24 ultra?
I can remove things in the background and "remaster" photos already on my S23+. Sounds like rebranding of existing features. It's cool that they put a watermark on the altered photo, but unless there's a standard AI Enhanced graphic, no one will know what it means. Can you crop out the watermark after saving the altered photo? I actually miss the rounded edges of my S20+. The edges on the S23+ make it more challenging to hold onto. Isn't the screen on the S23 series flat? Not sure why it's a bit deal with the S24 lineup. The new lineup seems like a nice refresh of their previous offering.
Is this the end of the mobile revolution?
how many people interested new Samsung AI Feature ?
I felt it wasn't much new to write home about, then I saw the pricetag (for the ultra) and I just laughed. Like why? Whyt would I pay that coming from my now old S21U? There's just no way to justify that upgrade no matter what.
I just bought an ultra s23, will it be able tondo all of this?   The processor is good sonit should be enough... Right?
Where is the video object eraser I was promised 😳😳😳
How does the Google Draw to Search work with Gestures enabled instead of the navbar buttons?
Wonder why the trend from curved bezels faded away. I mean I always thought that to be futuristic aspect, yet it looks like people want back to flat
Why do they follow Apple’s design?😮
would you look at that, nobody's saying anything about Samsung charging 1300, which is more than the iphone 15 pro max, but they have also flattened the sides and just sneaked in titanium . Who's copying who now and overcharging people?
Have you noticed that Samsung won't tell you which CPU brand is equipped on your smartphone?
Will the S23 phones get the AI features?
What is AWT88K that everyone talking about in comments???
Where is innovation?   You guys might as well get the iPhone
Display upgrade is nice but I also wanna see how it performs in the gaming department compared to the other snapdragon gen 3 phones
Does it have something like a chat gbt where you can ask it questions?
Am I the only one who is perfectly fine with 126gb starting storage? My phone usually sits around 60-70gb used. I'm glad it didn't start at 256gb, requiring a price bump.
AI here and there, but honestly: How often do you use this? This image search is a thing for like 7 years now, I've never been in a situation where I thought that I could make use of it. In the end, I use my phone to write messages, call someone, search something (text) on the web or scroll through social media.
The question is , should I get a new phone because of new A.I features only?
Anyone here want an brand new unopened S22, 256, Unlocked, Green??
I dont know why rounded-edge screen looks cheap. Maybe because it resemble Redmi budget phone. Flat and rounded. Make it like Nubia Z60 Ultra or the bigger Galaxy S24 Ultra instead, look super good.
what about the fold phones
Is it me or does the ultra now look like a Sony phone??
Great preview! I would like to see if the fake AI photo looks real or people can clock easily that something is off in the image
But does is run snapdragon 8 on all of them in Europe as well? And why doesn't it?
So is the Galaxy s24 smarter than the Pixel 8? I was not very impressed with its AI features.
Please what’s the price for the Samsung s24 ultra
Why did not you say about Exynos 2400 in variants for other countries?
Is the sides black on the blue?
Fairphone offers at least 9 years of security updates, how many years does Samsung offer?
a question. was exynos dropped entirely?
The s24 does not come with Snapdragon if you live in Europe , only the ultra comes with Snapdragon
Can you make an auto focus video on the BMW XM @mkbhd?
5:08 What’s the advantage of this over using Google Assistant’s “Search screen” shortcut button to Google Lens? Is it just that drawing the circle is slightly faster than adjusting the selection box in original Google Lens?   But original Google Lens has more functionality. Looks like here you can only search by image. Whereas Google Lens via Google Assistant can select and translate on-screen text as well.
I was wondering how I can use this new AI for language learning. I know many will tell me it will instantly eliminate my trouble of learning different languages as it provides live translation etc. but hey I enjoy learning languages. If it’s recommended by many others whose purpose is the same, maybe I’ll give it a try
Whats the extra side button on the phone
Bixby ... Why?
But is 23 ultra receiving any of these AI software updates? I wouldn't see any reason not to other than Samsung just not doing it...
Will AI stuff be available on S23 ultra at some point?
Will they add these sofware updates to the S23 lineup? Not the AI thing but the OS upgrade
so the main selling point is the AI features, does it requires an internet connection? if so then there is a big chance most of the processing is being done on the cloud and the whole phone is pointless
I honestly (money aside) couldn't tell if all these new AI features (which seem really, really handy) are a big enough trade-off for using FaceID.
can you test how good images are on moving objects or people or in a moving car or train thx
Olive oil brownies ??
Everything is ok! But why S24 Ultra looks like a Sony Xperia from the front 🥲
i for one like the sliding home button not the actual circle so what happens when i want to use the circle ai feature?
what is up with PWM?
With all that AI improvements coming into voice assistants, it would nice of you to test new phones with series of questions like you did once for standalone video
hows the face unlock ??? is it finally equal to iphone?? or does it still not work well in low-light... 🙃
Yo wait—has the galaxy ever had a white phone, before now? :o Nice
My question as a long Samsung S21 Ultra user is, when the NITS get higher, is the posibility for screen burns more likely? I didn't have to use TicToc for long before the famous big white square with the plus sign is contant visible on the bottom of the display and there is no app or setting that hide or reduce it. So, with a new oled display with almost double the brightness, is screen burns going to be faster and more severe? 🤔
Samsung AI stuff makes sense. But how are they leaving out the whole Bixby thing? shouldn't that be a selling point?
I’m thinking of finally making the jump from the fruit to the bot now can anyone tell me with me jumping to the bot is it harder to use like layout wise & knowing the ins & outs of it ? & also will all my stuff be able to be transferred nicely numbers pics etc ?
I would like to know more about the cameras on the S24 Ultra😊 Great video as always 🎉
Why does all American S24 the Snapdragon? In Europe only the ultra got the new Snapdragon. The S24 and S24+ got the new Exynos.
Do you know if the AI is subscription-based after 2025? Or the price increase in the US? I assume this is a preview (ad) rather than anything resembling a balanced hands-on?
Why arent samsung users complaining that s24 looks just like s23?
It really confuses me that devices are becoming so smart.  For example, why do you need to learn a foreign language if your phone translates everything in real time?  Or who needs Photoshop when your phone can edit any photo in a couple of clicks...
Is it true the non-Ultras aren't snapdragon outside the US/Canada tho? It isn't 'across the board' if UK users are stuck with Xynos.
Being from outside of US, does anybody know if Samsung is releasing the same specs world-wide?? Or is there in S24 line the rubbish Exynos for the rest of the world....
All this AI is software, not hardware. Would older phones get it?
Still on the fence whether AI stuff will be actually useful in practice or something akin to SGS4 era smart gesture gimmicks
What is this AWT88k thing? Even on Mrwhosetheboss' vid people were commenting about it and here also?
Does this guy know apple buys tech off Samsung? Maybe do your "homework"
Why is that they cant put the speakers to the otherside so that it doesnt get blocked by the fingers when u hold it vertikal
What is awt88k and how is it related to s24 ultra? I see awt88k in most coments
Why 12MP Ultrawide? I always use it and I need more pixels for sharper color contrast and saturation.
i can use background play on my phone(yt with no subsc) only when i watch mkbhd videos. how is that possible?
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
Where are the words on AWT88K? This is rather how I would have imagined innovation from Samsung, seems like Bezos just the smarter marketer
Is a smartphone no bigger than 6 inches too much to ask? 😤
iSheep ??? I hear about you some people saying iSheep about you... Nd I asked them what is the meaning of iSheep, then they told me everything then I understand what's this iSheep, but I don't know why some people saying you are iSheep smthing etc 🤔
Blatantly copying apples homework, in what world
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
why am I hearing "apple" in this review??? Geez!
Samsung copying Apple? Hilarious.
is it worth upgrading from a 14 pro max?
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
Will "Galaxy AI" work on s22 and s23 ultra series as well on tab8 and tab9 ultra series?
I wonder if those AI features could be replicated into older phone sometimes this year?😅
Love the review but I'm starting to question the lack of bias on these (and other) channels. This has to be the most incremental upgrade of a phone in the last 10 years, and it's barely even mentioned. Every "early" samsung review is the same, how good is AI. There's almost nothing different about the phone compared to last year, and I feel like these early reviews keep the reviews positive to stay in the good books of the companies providing them early units. Just a thought.
Can you please test how the circle search works across apps and if it works when searching for media? Example, screenshots of a movie edit I see on tiktok. I do think all the time but it takes forever to find the source because comment sections don't work the way they used to ,😢
S24 ultra vs iPhone 15 pro max ...  Who wins ?
Could you please check if all those AI futures works for S24 and S24+? Thanks
What’s the MagSafe charger shown in the video 10:24
Does it do slowmo video too if i upload a nikon r8 8k 60p nraw 12 bit footsge into hoogle photos? How well that will do?
Why Samsung give up the premium curve screen? 😂😂
Why exynos though...
Can you get yours hands on an EU version of this S24's ? They come with exynos chips, no one knows what they'll be like (previously they were crap tho)
I don't think i heard any mention of ultra's fingerprint sensor location? As cool as the in screen one was on my 22 ultra, I'm loving the side button one on my fold 5.
Soooo they just straight up took all the pixel AI features and added them into their phone?
i bought s23u last year so I wont be getting AI update for my s23u?
Sooo....why is this video able to play in Pip!?!?
is snapdragon available in australia yet?
Does the ultra have the emergency satellite thing like the iPhone?
The thing for me is the square edge on the ultra. Im not feeling that design. I like the curved edge. But have been looking maybe to get it or the oneplus 12. What do you think ?
Dang, taking away the rounded edges? Now I really can't upgrade. The built in S pen was already keeping me from upgrading (I want a S series, not a Note) but with the curved screens gone, seems like I'm gonna buy a few spare S21 ultras until then
wondering if it will  be worth the upgrade from a s21 ultra
Is it worth the money? Will the ai improve over the 7 years worth of updates? Is the note worth the extra money compared to the 24 plus? I really want the ultra but the extra cost for a couple of glitchy functions now...
iPhone has been copying other manufucturers for a long time mate, come on
For not Camara enthusiasts, s24+ is enough???
How do i edit a subject in my video like you did? I dont see that option in my gallery app. Im on s23 ultra. I don't see the small stars icons on any photo. I even downloaded the enhance-X app. But still can't edit any photos like you did in this video
Cant i crop that image or take a screenshot out of it
Do you know how is the speed of the transfer with the USB-C compared to iPhone 15 Pro Max, please?
5:19 , hello MIUI, how are you doing?
I have an S23 Note Ultra, anyone noticed how the 5x camera loses quality after some time (2yrs), can't focus right and the image is totaly pixelized? When I bought the phone it was as good as the mail camera.
Did anyone notice that YouTube PiP mode is automatically turned ON for this specific video.
So AI, new processor, titanium frame and 7 years warranty is the main selling point? People find any reason to upgrade from a perfectly fine S23 Ultra 😂 They also removed 10x optical zoom, AI and digital zoom sucks.
7 years update only for S24?
I'm just curious if my s23 ultra case will fit the new s24 ultra if so I don't have to buy another case or two making more easier for me in my pocketbook
Who else is waiting for vision pro?
I wonder if you‘d even notice a difference between FHD and 4K on a screen this small or if it’s just draining the battery faster
Heck , Can't they give SD version world wide ? The Exynos always makes an impression of some lag in performance and features.
3:44 Is that a MatPat reference?
didnt nvidia have frame generation years ago?
Is it worth switching from 23 ultra?
So it's an iPhone S24 with ugly One UI slapped on it?
What kind of smart phone would you make Marcus....we are waiting...just curious🤔
So, is this the innovation that all Android fans criticize about the iPhone?
Is it worth upgrading to the s24 plus from the s22 Plus
5:00 I can already do that on my phone S22+. What's new about it?
Hi Marq... i am S22Ultra user...is it worth buying S24U?
But as per Samsung, S24 & S24+ will work on ExyNos & not on SGen3? How about this?
How many of you know They are going to CHARGE AI FEATURES after 2025....its only free till 2025.
So   Galaxy S22 Ultra camera only 100 MP Camera,  now 200 MP....does it mean it can ZOOM further?
Will this let the AI answer phone calls for me? That's one of my favorite features on my pixel.
So it’s an iPhone running Android software? 😂 Apple is still king
Wait, does the S24 series support Qi 2, or did they skip it this year?
Wait, i thought Mag Safe was like wireless charging for iPhones, is it more than that?
Is there anyone who can explain how the quick image search is actually innovative? It's just seems like a more streamlined way to screenshot something and put it in google lens, so it's not really that new...
Is it worth the upgrade from S10?
I got the samsung email and I was like, "this is the same phone as the s23 series, why would I bother getting this one?" but with this first impressions video it makes me kinda want the new one. I'm still rocking the s7 from 2016 I am in much need of an upgrade but I'm poor.
Does the Exynos nerfed version have AI features? or is the rest of the world now being left out of AI as well as performance and battery life?
Was that a Matpat reference
can you please test the exynos version as well please. they are going back to shipping with that in countries outside the USA.
What was the point of developing edge screen during s6 launch. This is one reason iPhone tops. If they develop something they keep it.
would like to see difference in picture quality compared to s23...
When is Samsung shipping out the phone?
With the flat screen allow my screen protector to stay on and not pop off with dropped?
Wait, in the U.S both S24 & S24+ got Snapdragon 8 Gen 3? In my country Indonesia they got Exynos. Hhmm
converts a regular video to slomo ..... hmmm  can it do the opposite so that i can watch a Snyder movie in regular motion? for slomo scenes only
Did I miss something? He keeps calling it "Samsung AI"
Is it a good upgrade from the S23 ultra ?? Or should I stick to it
Which color is best for S24 ???
Trying to determine if I'm going to get the Ultra or wait for iphone 16 to come out. Currently have a Samsung galaxy note10 plus. I got a Apple watch 9 for Christmas so I have hard decisions to make here 🤔
Will anyone talk about the RING? Anyone? ok.
How do i get these features on my iPhone? Is there an app?
I'd like to see comparison 10x, 30x and 100x photo's from the S23 Ultra vs the S24 Ultra. I'm curious how much having optical zoom matters vs weaker optical zoom but with more MPixels. I have the S22 Ultra and there is a weird zoom gap between 3x and 10x so understand Samsung's rationale, pulling the 10x down to 5x for more use cases. But I still do use the 10x zoom often enough that I would miss it if 5x zoom with higher MP doesn't match or surpass the utility of my current 10x lens.
Are there any of the Colors that just have Un-Colored/Un-Painted Raw Titainium Outer Frame? S24 Ultra
When review?
Did they get rid of Shutter Delay? S24 Ultra
Is it out already?
Any know if S24 ultra has more memory @ 512gb?
I’m confused, so will it be able to zoom as much as the s23 ultra?
You are so focused on cameras its like thats all you think about when you look at a phone. How about info on it being an actual phone. Hows the speaker level, does the mic pick up voice well.
Does the S4+ have LTPO display?
How his all videos go in PIP?
Has the Battery, charging speed increased, Dore the battery last longer than it used to, will the battery degrade less over time?
Is it only me? or there seems to be something wrong with the audio of this video?
What about charging speeds?
Can you talk about the botched launch?? I still can't pre-order with my Fold4 as a trade-in
Gonna skip full review like u did with fold 5?
I'm wondering what magical tricks Apple has hidden up its software sleeves. Ready for the grand reveal of their latest software wonders!
If they went back to throw exynos to international versions, means I either get an US version or just get a pixel 8 pro.
But is it as good as the Pixel 7a?
Will these AI features come in S23 ultra in future software update?
Why does the Samsung body style look like an iPhone's tho.
Uhhhh wasn't magic editor was available in Samsung before Google added it ( it came with gallery update )
Did not know that the s24 looked the same as the s24 and s23? Are all companies done coming with new designs?
No microSD card slot?  I'm good
You call that a rectangle?
Is it worth it to switch from S22 Ultra to S24 ultra? I use my S22 Ultra mainly for video capturing and taking pictures of concerts, would the 5x 50mp telephoto lens be worth upgrading? Thanks!
No idea why Samsung insists on changing colours every year. Matte Black, navy blue, burgundy, and emerald green, and maybe one bright fun colour like lilac, were all that was needed.
Is it worth upgrading from s23?
What if we are using swipe gesture navigation? There's no home button
Will S22 or S23 have AI features on updates?
Is Ultra only have the AI or all of em?
Can you review inbuilt document scanner. What it's capability
This is nice for Samsung 🎉  I wonder what iphone would do in there up coming iphone 16 pro max ... its  kinda interesting to see thou
What happened to Samsung 😐
Genuine question: On the s24 ultra, is the small round one above the flash, a camera, or not? If not, what is it? Thanks
8:50 What is a photo? 😅
But how much of these AI features run local? Is there any reason why cloud features can't run on older phones?
How does it do in gaming also does it have a good hotspot
When are we getting ONE UI 6.1 on the older phones? S23U and below
What's the point spending $1,500 when you cannot enjoy the screen because of the screen burnin
So I have the S23 Ultra, is it worth upgrading to the S24 ultra this year?
So I have the S23 Ultra, is it worth upgrading to the S24 ultra this year?
Can someone confirm what Australia is getting for the processing chip? I've seen snapdragon for all, snapdragon just for the ultra and the standard getting Exynos chips? Would be a shame if they shipped Exynos for their S24 range.
Will it be Snapdragon worldwide or is it just USA and South Korea again?
I'm most curious about battery life on the base model S24. I assume that's still a Bixby button next to the volume rocker and that we can still customize it.
so can s24 use the s23 case ?😅
Great vid, anybody know if these functions coming to the flip
Why didn't you show the slow motion thing with AI?
So anyone knows if there’s a huge difference between the cameras on the s24 plus vs. Ultra??? I would like to cop the Ultra but I can’t get over the square edges, i love the rounded edges
Whats the battery life test, not the size.
Yo that cheap looking 24 should be 499. Wtf they smoking?? And 1,300$ for the ultra??! 😭
I wondered if the features will be in Fold 4 & 5.
I would like to know why Samsung/Google  has not added the ability to capture, Raw, Log Video, so it can be color corrected in Adobe Perimer, or DaVinci Resolve, Etc..
Does it have the call screening and hold for me feature like pixel phones
As I watch on my fold 4, idk if a new generation brick is worth it for me. The inner screen size of the fold has me tight in its grips. But I'd like that gen 3 snapdragon lol
Just outta curiosity, is there an option to turn off the little stars watermark in the lower left of an edited photo? Like, in cases where you don't want a watermark in your edited photo? Or is the feature to automatically in-paint the watermark an S25 feature?
I swear that's a RSVLTs hoodie. Is my eagle eye correct or no lol?
Ok so can you answer a phonecall through any bluetooth headset without touching any buttons? Voice only
Just curious, all these AI features, do they need the Internet or they work offline in the phone?
What’s with all these bots posting about AWT88K lol seems to be some crypto scam.
when does iPhone comes with AI?
Are all the AI stuff on device ? Do they work without internet ?
Love the live translation! Does iPhone have this?
I got an iphone 6s yall think its a good idea to upgrade to an s24?
Where all those apple haters at ?? 😂 they real quiet now smh sheeeeeeeeeeeep 😂
Did u check out POCO X6 Pro ???
Bigger battery? You mean we got back to the same specs from 4 years ago.
Question remains: should S23 Ultra owner trade their phones in for S24 Ultra?
So where does all the ai data processing happen is it on the phone or is there some server somewhere that has all my data 😅😱
Will this AI software come to galaxy s23?
how about the video quality ?
When you talk about voice translation in a phone call, does the other phone have to be a Samsung with the same phone app?
Lense theory??? Smooth 😂😂😂
Are the AI apps on all models or just the Ultra?
Can last Gen S23 ultra get the AI software update? Or will Samsung block out the feature from old phone
I am having a huge problem that I miss calls when I put s23 ultra in vibration mode. Did Samsung solve this problem with the new vibration motor or it still exits. Please let me know.
Question: Isn't Samsung teams up with Microsoft? How come it's not an instant Bing/Copilot search?
So, barely anything new hardware-wise...?
Why when Apple comes with a similar design from the last year everyone makes sooo many drama but when someone comes with exactly same design as the last phone noone talks about him? Especially copying apple on the Titanium……
A lens theory?! Subbed
Will the AI thing be passed down to S23 Ultra?
No action button? Guess we'll have to wait until the S25. Been missing my BxActions since upgrading from the S10e. Instant flashlight (even when locked), screen rotate, opening a specific app, or go to One Handed Mode, all with one button
Bixby still exists?  😂
Copying apple's homework? Where?
Wait so the assistant isn't AI powered? I can't say "hey bixby make a routine for always open app x whenever i'm home at this time"? Or somethig more customizable like that?
S24, S24+ Can it switch between three modules in 4k 60fps? And what about PWM?
Is this video shot in Samsung S24 Ultra?
Wait, so Google Now On Tap is back? Cool!
Still with a camera punch hole? I'll stick with my S9+
Who wants to watch 1hr unpack event when you get 10 mins of better summary than the whole event. Great mention on AWT88K as well
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
Who wants to watch 1hr unpack event when you get 10 mins of better summary than the whole event. Great mention on AWT88K as well
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
3:30 When you zoom in 10x, it should use 25% (12,5MP) not 50% of the 5x sensor, right? :)
Who wants to watch 1hr unpack event when you get 10 mins of better summary than the whole event. Great mention on AWT88K as well
Who wants to watch 1hr unpack event when you get 10 mins of better summary than the whole event. Great mention on AWT88K as well
Who wants to watch 1hr unpack event when you get 10 mins of better summary than the whole event. Great mention on AWT88K as well
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
Can you screenshot an AI manipulated picture and crop the little label?
Have they upgraded face unlock?
Can you compare the Ai of this phone vs oppo find x7 as well as a blind test of their camera
We not going to talk about the MKBHD book in the background on the bookshelf??
Does it still have terrible low light problems in it's camera I will never use these phones again if the camera has lowlight problems like my twenty altra.
Everything is sexy but 6.2 inches? Why are phones getting larger...
But is it worth upgrading from the S22 now?
Man so what’s even the difference with the basic models of last year and this year lol
iPhone wannabe?
Is the vibration motor on the good axis this time?
7 years OS update huh? Do these people know how long a phone battery lasts?! 🤦‍♂️😂
Isn’t the Snapdragon still only US except for the Ultra? I’m pretty sure Exynos is back with the 2400 on these.
AI only on s24 ultra?
Is the S24 ultra enough of an upgrade to the S22 ultra to be worth upgrading to?
I really want to know what's Google's excuse now for selling a flagship phone with underperforming chipset to a 3 year old phone now that Samsungs 8 Gen 3 runs most if not all of Google's AI exclusive features that were "exclusive" to the Tensor
Why there's no indepth reviews of pixel 8pro ??
5:36 AYY what is he searching for here
Is there any shutter lag like last year s23?
Why am I able to minimize this video with out yt premium???
Can they just update Bixby...my Sony Xperia had a better windows ai assistant.
Any apple fan here??
Does is it called s23A in china..?
Will the ai be on the flip 5 later this month?
Anyone can tell me the PWM dimming, is it 240hz same as s23u?
Snapdragon in S24? Not in Europe 💩
Yo do you play Roblox pls tell me if you do
Yo why Samsung and Apple both so shit at redesigning a phone  iPhone 10 - 14 and arguably 15 are identical  Samsung S22, S23, S24 are literally the exact same
Sad to see the 10x zoom go, how am I going to take my mom photos now?? Also see things far away
7 years of updates? Might have to save up a bit for the ultra then
Why the smaller S24 has no 512gb option though
Is it just me but the tables have turned, Now samsung has no upgrades and Apple now acctually has features worth upgrading. And don't even start about the copying cuz samsung got titanium just because iPhone has it
I wonder if A.I. (translation) will also work on messaging apps such as whatsapp
Is there any one who loves the curved display or it’s just me?
Should I change my iPhone 15pro max to ultra?😂
how much bloatware is on them in terms of gb?
No curves and flat screen? Seems like Apple and Samsung are sharing ideas 😂
What's up with the AI features being only free till 2025?
How does it feel to hold.. thats more important than nits or the camera
So it's a slightly worse pixel 8 pro?
What about the FE sir ?
Dis you verify if the photo/video AI features actually happen locally on the device?
Is there an option to turn off the ai thing, or remove it completely?
The 7 years of OS updates is interesting. Makes me question whether they live up to it, along with Google's claim with the pixel. The quick share functionality that is "improved" has me intrigued.  I'm not a fan of the AI push, way too gimmicky imo (I don't need it to read my screen for results). These tech companies really don't want us to enhance our own mental learning manually 🤣. The improvements I want to see should ease the way, with our cross brand devices. Enhance the functionality of how our present devices handle our manual tasks. More of the same, not bad but not great.
Does it have Zoom in audio
i wonder if this ai feature is hardwere exclusive or it will be available for older phone that still getting updates.
Need some option, guys! I have s22 ultra. Do u guys  think it's worth the upgrade? I really dont care about the price. I'm just asking about the upgrade! Lmk, dont hold back lol
Still fingerprint unlock?  That's the one thing I wish they would copy - Face ID.  My skin is dry (especially in the winter!) and the thumbprint fails most times.
Should i upgrade my S23+ to a S24 ultra?
Do you think the translation will eventually be available in the Google phone app on Galaxy devices?
Are all the AI features ultra exclusive or for all 24 models?
So what is we got the pixel 9 pro with snapdragon 8 gen 3 with its AI capability plus google's ai
Who's copying who's homework? LOL - Android all the way! Oh, and no thanks to the case. Never used one, never will. But I guess you got a pretty penny for throwing that ad into your vid. Thank goodness I just skip around where I want.
any small form factor phones for 2024? Asus Zenphone 10 from last year is close to what I want.
Why not record you using the language translation feature so people can gauge how good it is?
So we'll get real screen protectors with the flat display?
I've had the regular s22 for 2 years, do you recommend changing to the s24 ultra?
Isn’t the slowmo feature just motion smoothing
S22 ultra users, are you upgrading?
Who else saw that wack ad 😭
Is it worth switching from iPhone? I have iPhone 13 😂. But seriously though
Will the s22 & s23 get the same software upgrades that gives the same AI functions on the s24?
I really buy the idea of keeping a uniform design for the line going forward, but i really really don't want the screen with the overly rounded corners in the smaller model
Is it only me or the Audio in this video is out of sync?
Idk if it’s the mic but marques sounds sick haha
Why bother with the AI watermark...
I still have my Note 20 Ultra. Still debating if I should upgrade. Any input?
Can I draw a rectangle on a screenshot? That's all I want to know.
How can I get your comparison  chart?
Where is the apple vision pro ?
Who remembers when Flagship Phone max out at $750?
same protective case can be used? right?
When did the iPhone get a punch hole front camera? Oh wait, this isn’t an iPhone!
Photo quality, editing features are my concern for the most part, BUT,   Is there going to be an AI app to download or it’s already on phone and it can help with whatever we want with a photo?  Screen light in day light? Gaming?
No curved edges anymore, a dream becomes reality! 😍😍😍 Now Samsung devices come into question again. 😎
Am I seeing an MKBHD book in the background? One of this year’s surprises?👀
Watching with my Note 8. Time to finally upgrade?
I guess it still doesn't have built in MagSafe? Or Qi2 as it's called in Android land. Lame.
So it`s the same design since S21?
It’s not titanium. It’s coated in titanium. No word on if it’s even grade 5. The buttons aren’t even coated 🤦‍♂️
Samsung fanboys, how you will now glorify 50x zoom?  P.S I am pixel user
Am i the only person who actually liked the rounded edges? =p I know they where probably not great when it came to durability, well, especially if you drop the phone on that edge, but I for one only use the swipe gestures (no buttons, just swiping from the sides and bottom and so on) so the rounded edges feel better than a "sharp" edge. Idk just my perpesctive! =)
But did they add GPS calling like they were supposed to with the S23 series ?????
How is using Samsung bixby, i have Samsung galaxy S23 Ultra and never used bixby, have it all turned off
Why do all phones look the same now?
In the photo editing can you remove stuff instead of just moving them around like you this in the basketball pic and it generates something else??
Yea but is messenger working good on them?
Where do you get the cool rubix cubes that were in the video?
Did anyone realize that Samsung changed the phone model name to reflect the year? (S23 for 2023, S24 for 2024, etc.)  I just realized that, and I've been a Samsung phone user for years.
Do we need 6 cameras on our phones though 😮
is this not just an iphone for apple haters? it looks like one, the os is very ios like. like the normal one for 800 usd.  cannot wait for the A24 then. will props get that
can you take burst picturs and see if its gonna jam ? you did on 22 ultra and captured only 3 pics out of 10
What about Europe and the SoC?
Doesn't the new pixel phone do most of this stuff?
Great video as always! I want to know how close the ultra's video is to iphone 15 quality wise.
One question - tired of cell phone reviews? I ask because the same thing is repeated every year, "what's new", a slightly improved camera, screen brightness and a slightly newer and faster processor, and that's all new on new mobile phones. Passionately.
Magsafe on the S24? Is this compatible with existing magsafe products and chargers?. Maybe it is the qi 2 standard but called magsafe?
Marq, did you hear about S22 u and s23 u camera quality and battery life reduction they did with the latest update right before they launched s24 ? Please talk about this
Has it been confirmed yet that s24 and s24+ are Snapdragon in all territories?
I'd love to see exactly how the translator works, do I need to call that person in order for it to work, or can we be next to each other and it translate in real time.
This video supports background miniplayer on YouTube without premium. Why?
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
Please id like to know if it shoots raw video ...log video ...either one
My mom was hoping to trade her fold 4 for the s24 ultra. It's not showing being able to. Is this maybe a accident or Samsung just now allowing fold 4 trades? Any thoughts or news would be great guy, thank you.
Are the Dbrand case buttons clickey or stiff?
Is it worth upgrading from S21 ultra ? 😅
Would like to see the new s24 ultra vs iPhone 15 pro max camera comparison
Will the AI features on the S24 be free or do we have to pay for it at some time?
Are these features exclusive to the s24 or can the s23 get them with a future update?
Can anyone identify the book on the top left shelf? 👀
And is all of this ai stuff free with phone? Cuz ik there’s some google stuff that’s subscription blocked
Will older ultras get these software upgrades too?
Why is everyone Shilling? Its literally the same phone
Lmao!! Where’s all the “looks just like last year’s model comments at?!?? So biased this guy is swear 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤡 when it comes to samsung, he never stresses that fact out 💩💩
Why am I am able to do picture on picture for just this video and no other video in YouTube world! 🌎 😮 Non YouTube premium iPhone 15pro max user here.
Any mention of qi2 wireless? I’d love to see magsafe like accessories for these! Wouldn’t buy the ultra…waste of money, but the regular and + models look good!
I'm a huge samsung fan (for better or worse) and I'm really interested in the trajectory they (and the market) are taking, but damn why is it always that when samsung uses spanish it's only Spain and United States? Like fr why
Can you finally switch cameras while recording in 60 fps?
Will any of those AI functions come to any other phones in the Samsung line or will it all be for this the 24th series?
What happend to the qi2 standard (magsafe for Android)? I was kinda expecting the 24 to get it...
Ohh really? isn’t official
Am i the only one who doesn't know who matpat is
Is the magic editor computation done on cloud or on the device?
Flat screen on the Ultra? ❤❤❤
Is the same Snapdragon chip in EU?
I used to take photos with the 10x zoom on my S21 Ultra to get that beautiful natural background blur. I wonder if that 5x lens actually can get the same result.
Why's everyone not talking about how the S24 and S24+ look more like the a54. Is it just me?
Why does bro sound like AI in the beginning
How is this more expensive than a gaming laptop?  Guess I'm getting a S23 Ultra. 😂
When is the qi2 stuff coming out?
Can you use an s23 case on an s24?
Would there be a real world experience that would convince me to upgrade? Or should I stick with my S22 Ultra? I  think that the upgrades are maybe just a bit lack lustre. Maybe I could use the out lay for something more important?
How does this video have Picture in Picture
Samsung not allowing Fold 4 trade ins? Was excited to pre-order, Fold 4 is not listed.... Pretty shady if they don't end up adding it.
Are there any features the ultra has over the plus version? Besides the 5x camera  Basically just looks like you are paying more money for a bigger screen size between the 24 and 24+, then again paying more extra money for a small screen size bump plus pen plus camera.  Which, if that’s all that it is, I’m more than happy paying getting the base model since the processor is all the same and I like smaller phones… But again, assuming the ultra doesn’t have extra software features locked behind the premium price tag
Is it just me or is the s24+ by far the best deal here ?
So, where's the real reason to upgrade from the S22+ to the 24Ultra?
Samsung used to be innovative, what happened to them
I wonder if the Generative Fill feature works on device or if every single photo you use it on is sent to someone else's computer for processing...
Bard? Gemini? I wonder does this phone have access to Google's databases for a better result or they have their own database
Do you have any comment on the international version which will be using Exynos instead of Qualcomm Snapdragon?
how many imes is this phone better than iphone 15 pro max? im so excited
people still getting excited for these phones? I am asking honestly.
Where is all the talk about AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic AWT88K ?
Getting my hopes back with AWT88K who is joining the crew?
Where is all the talk about AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
Getting my hopes back with AWT88K who is joining the crew?
Where is all the talk about AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
Getting my hopes back with AWT88K who is joining the crew?
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic AWT88K ?
Getting my hopes back with AWT88K who is joining the crew?
Why samsung still tries to look like iphone?
why nobodys complaining the same design they used to say for Apple?
I wonder how they are going to update the AI.... in the future.... Like, will they improve AI across all the phones in the future that have AI?  BUT, doesn't that hurt their bottom-line if the old phones are updated for 7 years and have the same features as the newest phone? - I wonder if they'll try to somehow "version" their AI, so that if you want "better" AI, you still have to upgrade.  AI is the disruptor lol
You mentioned they're all running the Snaapdragon 8 Gen 3. Is that just in the US or is it the case everywhere that we have no more Exynos? (finally!)
7:30 Does the other person need a S24U as well ?
Same old design again , why have companies just stopped trying something new ?
Still waiting for a proper camera test between 23U and 24U, still don't know if taking away the 10x zoom is gonna be a deal breaker for me or not
how about a very tough battery test?
This new 1440p isn't a needed feature, but a welcomed one? They literally took the 1440p away from us, 4 years ago, while still uping the price ever since. It should be standard, with an s series phone. My damn Galaxy s6 was 1440p oled. The number of features they take away just to reintegrate them a few years later is getting insane. Samsung is just a scam at this point.
What is a photo?
Why calling it Galaxy AI and not GAIlaxy?
I wanna know about the trade in value
Why e1 reference some good phone with popular design & expected liked ones to  iphone ?! Is it bc they are first to do aquire design 🤔
Marques, beside software updates that will be available after 2-3 OS updates on previous Ss... what is REALLY new? Maybe I missed it after watching your video 3 times
The thing I don't understand with these phones are they are boosting the resolution to heaven like on that size of screen even 720p would do the duty.
What if we made an iphone shell, but samsung
am I the only one that noticed he didn't say he wasn't paid for this review?
who else watching this on their S23 Ultra
so when are we getting AI sorting and categorization for  photo gallery?
I guess that most of this Google qol improvements would reach other brands right? Pixel and oneplus are 100% sure but i was thinking about brands like Xiaomi  I mean i just want a good performance phone, even if the camera are subpar i dont care so Samsung is a little overkill for me but those features are really cool and i can see myself using them
I wonder how well the AI translation would work in windy conditions in the background. Or any noise for that matter
who else watching this on their S23 Ultra
That curves was sexy I don't know why they ditched it hehe it's like apple is giving them pressure
That curves was sexy I don't know why they ditched it hehe it's like apple is giving them pressure
Huh I thought the normal s24 had Exynos Processor?
will that DBrand work for my S22 Ultra aswell or is the absence of the curve too much of a change for former phone cases?
Question: Are all of the S24 Series prone to Exynos chip or is it Snapdragon exclusive like S23 Series?
just got the 23 ultra on boxing day, should i get the 24 ultra now?
4:12 But the S24 DOES start at 256GB?? Or maybe it's different in the US?
excuse me ? Copying apple ? Huh ?
How many cameras do people need? And why do they think that people want a new phone every fucking year?
Why is everyone copying Apple in the bad ways...
i have an s22 ultra, it has the snapdragon 8 gen1 chip. its not enough of an upgrade. i'll wait for the s25 series to see if its even worth it
Samsung decided on this design after over half a billion USD and years of legal proceedings with apple for design patent infringements. I just wonder why.
still had to find a way to sneak in an apple credit... fvckin HOW?!
Bruh there's an S24? I'm still using an s10 xD god they come out often!
Are the AI features only for S24 ultra?
All I care about is, does it take a better picture of the moon from the last version.
Would it kill Samsung to make the S+ model sizes a little smaller, maybe 6.4-6.5 inches, I feel like the size gap between the base model and the other 2 is too big, even tho I love my S23, I wish I could have a little more battery life but the other models are too big for my comfort
Genuine question very important in an iPhone user age 13 tryna find out if I wanna switch to a android specificly one of the s’s would you recommend it?
What's the general review on the grip case? Thinking of getting it for my p8 pro, it's around 56$ without the 7$ shipping. Is it really that good?
I can see a lot of 'iphone lovers' in the comments saying oh google has been doing it for years now.. the question is does your iphone do it?  🤔
I mean aside from that 200mp, why not grab a s22+ instead?  So glad samsung stepped up their game in the display section of that phone
I wonder how many of these features are coming to S23U
The Square Look, New Titanium rails, MagSafe capability…. Hmm, Where have seen this before? 🤔 *copy&paste
Can we get a more convenient copy all text anywhere to paste
So the s24 is just missing the pen and the better camera quality?
Is the Snapdragon in all regions? In my country (Europe-Romania) on providers site it's listed as Exynos...
I’m curious as to what happens if you turn off any wifi and data when using the AI stuff. If they doesn’t work then they’re probably processing it in a server somewhere
What about the EU version? does it comes with the crappy exynos?
Weren't they supposed to be back with exynos? No wifi 7 on 2024 flagship or the s24/s24+ are not considered as flagship anymore? Also why would they mention that the base model has slower storage. It's not just the looks, but their practices are more and more like apple.
Everything is software,  can't samsung not just do a software upgrade to s23?😅
Samsung website crashed anyone els? 👇
*smiles in flossy carter* More Nits?  Flat sides?  Editing photos for more interesting camera reel?  Galactus 3.0 incoming.
I hope we can have different notification sounds like the original messenger sounds or snapchat not just samsung standard notification sounds🤔
When is Movie by MKBHD coming ?
I want to see a direct comparison between the S23 Ultra's 10× zoom vs the S23 Ultra's 10× zoom
What are the processors in Europe? Because, during the launch presentation I watched in France, there was NO MENTION of Qualcomm or of SnapDragon. In France, the presentation also translated from Spanish to English. No mention of Korean.
i dont wanna be that guy but how do people see this and still go for the iphone ?
I wonder if S24 does all the AI features on device in the cloud?
Good review but will we hear "Apple copying Samsung's homework" when the Apple Flip is released?  We can run off a pretty extensive list of items that Apple has lifted from Samsung (and LG and Android) since 2008...  I use both Apple phone/mac and a Galaxy Phone/Tablet/Google Home etc. so i'm entrenched both ecosystems, but fair is fair.  Good review overall.
The trade credit that Samsung is offering for s23 ultra to get an s24 model is pitiful. It's only a $750 credit. Even after that credit, it's over $500. When I traded in the s22 ultra to get the s23 ultra, I only paid $250 after the trade in credit was applied.
Will the s23 get these AI updates ??
Is it worth the extra cost over the S23 series or is the S24 series in AI beta?
I have a doubt does S24 and S24  plus comes with exinos chipset
In person does the 24+ in violet look more like a blue or a purple? It looks different in every video so I can't tell 😭
I'm confused....so are all the phones getting snapdragon, because some sources are saying only the ultra gets it. Samsung's website is not mentioning the chipset at all.
So now they are copying Apple and Google. Hmmmmmmm
Does it have satellite SOS?  Rumor is it didn't make it this year.
What's up with this Sony Xperia design😂
5000 mah on the ultra? Why can't they make 6000 mah to be a powerhouse.
8:57 my only question is if they finally fixed the camera app lagging so badly. Because if I even just so as open the camera app on my s22 ultra it fucking lags the entire phone
Does Exynos EU version even have hardware AI features?
Front camera resolution? 8k? Rear 5x camera video resolution? Is it 8k 30 or only 4k ?
I'm already bored, when are we getting S25?
Can you record a phone conversation ? Without an APP
What about google assistant? Already using AI?
What is 5GUC?
Copying apple's homework? That's the norm? So apple never copied others like HTC and Samsung? You should be a bit respectful to other companies which are not American.
S24 comes with the same s23 screen that scratches while you're looking at it?
1300 USD for the Ultra, phew, any other current/new phones with a stylus?
Just me or does he have some slight lightness around his general eye area? Been in-depth testing/reviewing Apple Vision Pro perhaps?
I thought this was going to be the year to upgrade my S21+ but the upgrades still seem "meh" to me.   Am I the only one?
A quick question .. does the AI translator work for online games  If it does then it’ll be a very usefull feature for gamers
Is it exciting when pixel and Samsung launch their flagship phones ? Do you feel this way when a new iPhone is released ? Not much as there are no special features.
Speaking of the pen, will visual search work using just the pen & not needing to hold the home button? All this and more on the next episode of, *Marques Phone Z!!!*
If AI features are chip related does Europe S24 and S24 plus get less functionality because we will have an Exynos chip?
anyone knows if any of these new features coming to s23 series or not?
But what we all want to know is... Can it play Crisis?
Is the magic editor computation done on cloud or on the device?
my iphone 11 broke so idk if i should get the iPhone 15 or the s24 or the pixel 8?
Now with the AI, anything similar with call festures like Pixel?
Worth the upgrade from 22u?
Wasn't there a "screen search" (or whatever it was called) feature in google assistant like a decade ago?
why buy a phone that imitates the iphone, when you can buy an iphone.. .for the same amount of money?
I don't know if I'm going to turn my iphone 15 pro in for the S24 Ultra or wait a bit for the reviews...
Wonder if he is writing a book...
Who else is watching instead of the livestream
Is the GEN 3 chip on all 3 models US only? I'm in UK and my provider says the 23 is exinios, 23+ GEN 2 and only the Ultra is GEN 3, Many thanks
Does samsung know you got their phone ??
Full review tomorow ?
So will there be Exynos versions of the phones for different regions, or it’s Snap Dragon for all regions?
Im curious is the 24Ultra will be worth it for anything other than the camera since its $300 more than the 24+ for 100mAh and a barely bigger screen and then the Spen and camera upgrades
Does MKBHD always skip hardcore Gaming thing in a smartphone review or I am just a person who do not realise it is actually here.? Hope there will be some minutes for gaming experience in full review..
Is the s24/24+ grey color more of a silver or a white color? every image or video shows it differently! :/
Hardware update is getting fewer and fewer 😢 when are we going to see In-display selfie camera..?
Shutter speed vs the older S23U. Have they fixed it? 🤔
Will get the AI features on s23 U?
Is it just me, or "being excited about that new phone that is coming up soon" is long long gone now. There is zero desirability, zero hype. Same old glass brick. And the thing is, when my s20+ works as well as it does, why would I wanna upgrade.. hmm
Isn't this a copy of the Sony phones?
I have a pixel 7 and considering switching. Any one regret going from pixel to Galaxy?
The million dollar question is: do all of this feature need internet and go through a server? If the answer is yes: no, thank you.
Samsung presentation with an apple on the background. What's the hidden message?
3:45 game theory reference? MKBHD a gamer confirmed?
so a lot of these new AI features have got to be given to them from partnership with Google right?
When will you do a review on oneplus 12?🥺
Why is the book person in the background looking at a book titled "NEX"?
Can you do the S24 and S24 Plus review? With Europe having Exynos now... Ultra is going to be leaps ahead of the base models it seems
why is the video style a lot different than usual?
What about collaboration with instagram and snapchat that they mentioned? Is now in-app camera optimized like for an iPhone?
Curious to see how strong the glass holds upon the ultra
can the phones shoot log footage ?
Do you believe this brings them closer to dedicated pro cameras and zoom accessories?
How are galaxy fans making fun of Apple for looking the same and the Samsung does  the exact same thing?
Do you know if the S23 ultra will also be getting the AI functionality at some point? Aside from that, the S23 Ultra would suit me fine. I dont particularly need all the bells and whistles that come with the 24 ultra, but still want that 5000mAH battery
I was wondering if I should get a pixel or the new samsung, but with all these AI features that i loved about pixel, it makes the decision easier and i'm leaning more towards the samsung
Pricing?
Marq, as someone who never uses wireless charging, if they remove it? What could they add in that space? Thanks
Curious on the regular S24 battery life now that it has a bigger battery. I'm sick of the huge size of the S23 Ultra. Was definitely also hoping for Qi2/MagSafe but guess that'll be next year.
For a review video, one thing that would be nice to see is whether the GS24 has Qi2 charging compatibility or not.  I saw where that wasn't confirmed and it would be nice to have that figured out.
How is apple gonna react to this?? Are they going to introduce apple AI or are they going to wait 2 years to see if it’s worth adding… Cuz it looks awesome🗿
How does iphone compare to all these features, they need to wake up
does the s24 like have Qi2 wireless charging
What about Exynos in Europe? 😢
Did Samsung really let you reveal this before their event was over?
Where is that 16gb ram option?
So, now... why a Google Pixel?... just for the price?... I bought a Pixel 7Pro in 2022, and now, all the new features are only for Pixel 8 and 8Pro. A shame
Why are Samsungs getting Google bard features BEFORE pixel 7 and 7 pro? It seems like Google is completely abandoning their own devices, honestly what a letdown
snapdragon again USA only or?
Didn't I hear that you needed to be connected to the internet for this to work? Meaning that the AI stuff doesn't run off the phone?
Does anyone know if the new Snapdragon chip will be a US only thing? I haven't seen anyone talking about this
Are the Galaxy phones still locked in with Bigsby?
S24 tops at 256Gb?!!! I had that with S9! You can buy other phones up to 1Tb. You cant have bigger pics and video files but not upgrading the size of the storage. Especially when there is no microsd option.
Bro why are you looking up skirts
I need the comparison between S24 Ultra and S23 Ultra... and I need to know if battery on the S24 series is better than the S23 series
is the s24 ultra worth it? i got the samsung note 9
is the Snapdragon gen 3 chipset all across the regions?
Now the big question, s24u or 15pm?
I am wondering if the new Samsung Galaxy S24 are certified with the new Qi2 wireless charging standard, or are they still only Qi certified…
Is ANYONE SURPRISED that we can't trade in the z fold 4 for the s24????? I'm legit shocked and pissed
How is cropping a photo and using the result to google it AI based?!
is it exynos or snapdragon in s24 in india
How about talk to text is it better?
what is the best color
What about Samsung notes tccessible on a PC.  I'm liking Samsung notes more and more because it can do a note like Evernote (multiple file types in one note) and just seems a little easier (because it is native? not an app?) -
Does anyone have any idea if and when Samsung will push the 'note assist ai' for existing devices such as Galaxy Tab S9?
Did the video title change ?
Why does Roboto still exist across the interface, OMG?
Soooo, qi2 still isn't quite ready? 😐
Wait… Spanish lemme see?
I was wondering with the caller AI. Like the example he used, does the other user who speaks another language also have to have an s24? Like if i called someone who had an iphone, would this feature just be useless?
How come circle to search is only available for the new s24 series? really? do we need ai for that?????
Can your show the ringtone marquess?😊
Most of these Ai features are software based. Any chance these will make their way to the S23/22?
Wasn't Bard created by Google. And doesn't that therefore mean Samsung is in open collaboration with them instead of just taking their ideas
My main question is: what is PWM frequency of the screen? We knew all the other bits through previous leaks, but not the literally the most important info :D
I desperately want more info about that ring
Wondering if Samsung restricted editing images other than what they provided. Samsung edited the same picture on stage. Waiting for the full review. Interested in knowing how much of real useful AI stuff is there. Also for the camera as it start processing the image even before its taken…
Which color did you like best on the ultra?
What if you Cropt the AI image to not show the icon in the bottom left? just thinking here..
Why people are not talking about Samsung given international version with different processor with the same price tag. I think is not fair
How to beat iphone? Be iPhone 😂
Why does the S24 feel like Google's Nexus version of Samsung 🤔
How the hell this dude get info or phones before the live stream lmao 🤣
Am i the only one that double checks if my phone can also do this stuff?😢
Speaking of DeX – is it still QHD at best?
Will they deliver AI to other older samsung galaxy phones?
Copying apple's homework?? Where tf did they do that??
Now the question is should I upgrade from my S20 or wait for S25?
Honest Question. I just got a s23ultra for a good price. I upgraded from an LG Wing. Do you think it is worth trading in for the s24ultra?  Right now, it would be $399 for a 500 gig 24ultra with all the trade-ins. I really dont use the phone for anything besides pictures and battery.
What is the processor of s24 plus in canada?
Will we get software update for s23 ultra for Ai features
I have the S23 Ultra 512gb. Is it worth upgrading?
But why no 8 gen 3 in India or Europe?
How do you use the circle to search if you don't use button navigation 🤔
Waaaaaait the new one officially supports magsafe??
65W charging speed?
So when does it get the BEND feature 🤔....
You speak Spanish too? Petition to cast MKBHD as Miles Morales.
So flat edges and a Titanium colour I wonder where we've seen that before..
What's that book looking thing he has on his shelf??
Can I circle a face and get the name of the celebretie?
Nobody mentions that S24 now has LTPO 1-120hz display?
Pixel 8 Pro or Galaxy S24 Ultra? Any help or thoughts would be appreciated.
Is it using Snapdragon on all devices for US market only or worldwide though?
S20+ worth upgrading to s24??
Is all the bloatware still there?
Can you please review Nubia Z60 Ultra?
Will s23 have the AI feature?
Who all saw he downloaded Hindi in the  language pack ?
Hey mkbhd! Gotta make a comparison video of galaxy s24 ultra and iphone 15 pro max soon! I need answers and i only believe you!
first few seconds of the intro shot seems like very poor fps, what happened there?
Potentially dumb question from an iPhone owner thinking of transitioning. Do the Galaxies have a voicemail read out feature like the iPhone? Or do you have to call your voicemail and go through each message individually?
Am not happy with the design...looks like a mid range Samsung
? That AI is in my OnePlus 7, i can google any photo by its photo need to text in search bars.
S24 and S24+ won't come with Exynos 2400 as the rumours said?
kinda sus they dont allow user to trade in the fold 4 for the s24 ultra. considering they let the fold 5 and flip 4/5
Biggest question for me is the 5× and whether not it's doing a crisp bin to 12MP at 10×. This thing will be a weapon for sure if they've done some sweet software work to accommodate the loss of the 10×.
Does it have Qi2? Also, when are they released?
Why they did not showed the Ring more?
Can it make phone calls?
Why does Samsung hate international customers? 😂 Back to exynos again
Excuse me? How accurate they think it is? Last time I checked these assistants fail as often as they miss. More frustrating is when a functionality that worked before doesn't today. Not saying it sucks but acting like it's a good feature just to hype it up with effectively no real knowledge of how good it is but a significant amount of knowledge of how almost every other assistant works is a shitty thing to do.
will these features come to the s23 ultra? really want to try the instant search feature.
5:00 does the Ultra model have AI features which the others don't?
How does the AI affect security? Does this AI have access to everything on you're camera and your screen all the time?
The ultra is $1800? (here in Canada btw). Damn now Samsung is more expensive than Apple.
Why keep copying Apple designs?
So like is it worth to upgrade ? Because it seems like the Apple and Samsung are doing it here
Wait so just the Ultra has titanium?
Is all that AI on device or send to a server?
What’s up with shout out to MatPat ? 3:53  can anyone explain me please?
Wonder if bard features will be available in Canada?
Do you think that we are reaching a time when there shouldn’t be a flagship every year unless there is a big enough upgrade?
Will snapdragon also be available in Europe…?
0:40 What is the groove between his thumbs below the buttons??
Still no 5x telephoto lens on a S24+ ? Bummer
So why wouldn't all this ai be possible on a s23 ultra?
So the Samsung iPhone s24 basically?
Are the new AI features for S24 lineup only, or will they come to the S23 lineup in a software update too?
Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra or iPhone 14/15? I want to change my old phone of 5+ years, and get great concert videos this year!
Do you know if they will have Snapdragon in europe?
I am an iphone user so far, can you use this phone without google?
What u want to know os, can ine olay music whilst recordeing videos?
Who do you think copies feature more, samsung from iphone or iphone from samsung?
With the size of the ultra how can you not add a headphone jack
Poo 5x zoom 50 megapixels... What does that mean IRL
Did he just show high school recruits how to modify their records so they look better?
Is it me or do we all get hyped for these features only to never really use them lol…I’m sure some do, but I feel like at this point battery life and app optimization is where most people land at for smart phones.
So, Samsung now looks like iPhone 14 pro?
Does it mean at about 30x zoom, the quality would be noticeably worse? I zoom at 30x often when at my kids' sporting events. So this is very important for me.
Is that a pimple on your face ?
When will we have a mature conversation about how the Samsung flagship phones are, and been better than Apple phones?
More AI than meets the "I" .. IPh... ?
How the fvck cant iPhone still don’t make a little notch like samsung  ….
Why are phones so fking expensive?
The live translation on calls is one dope feature. But does both phones require the feature or it works even just on one device.
Is the EU getting Exynos?
Are people interested in the 2600 nits called nitwits?
So all three models have snadragon?
Does live translation will work with non s24?
Any words on sattelite connectivity capability?  That is only selling point for me, from S22 Plus
Can i get 1 s24 ultra  as a gift.. Because i am a student and i can't afford it😢
My S10 is almost 5 years old, maybe time to upgrade
Are you able to put a 23 case on the 24? They both look really similar
I've noticed no one asks "What is a picture" like they did with the Pixel.
Awesome video as always my good sir. About the S24...questionable. Still getting used to this S23 + chaos I have going on. 😂
@Marques Brownlee Question, does the ultra finally have 200mp mode for 16:9 and Full Screen mode? all this hardware but having 200mp on 4:3 exclusively is $#!t.........
Is the violet and yellow colors for Kobe? Purple and gold = lakers. S24 = Kobe's jersey number 24.
No curve? Huge L  Was really considering this with x100 pro. X100 pro it is for me
Maybe Samsung likes to copy Apple, but that's just a theory, no i'll not complete this.
I just want to know what phone I should upgrade to in 2024 from the 23+
So should I get S23 or iphone 15 or wait for S24 to be released in India?
Btw, do you know if the S24 ultra will have an Exynos chip outside of US? :/
I don't understand why the base s24 can't have 512GB of storage. At flagship prices, I shouldn't HAVE to jump to a 6.7-inch phone in order to get more storage
Have they finally added the advanced feature of a headphone jack to the ultra yet? That's all I've been waiting for, for years
When will s10 tab release?????????
I'd like to see the comparison between the S23 ultra at 30-50x zoom. Thanks.
why am i seeing alot of iphone ads near the time of the galaxy unpacked🤔
Didn't they change the flash placement? It looks like a A54 now with thin bezels 😭
Will these Ai updates be added to the other series w/software updates?
Will exynos 2400 survive 7 years of updates.
I wish the regular S24 also had a 1440p display, I don't get why they're only limiting it to a 1080p screen even though my S10 that I'm still using already had a 1440p display at that body size all the way back in 2019!
Where is uncrop image ft. Is it we see in pexel 9 😮
Did MKBHD seriously just "wow" google lens search? Like, this has been a thing for years and you don't have to circle anything to accomplish it. I don't get why this is such a hyped new feature.
Plz tell if samsung still has grainy video
PLEASE, whenever you do the full review, do you mind testing a whole bunch of these features while the phone is in Airplane mode? I would love to see offline capabilities of it or if everything AI in software depends on a connection.
If you lasso something to search on, can you send it to other search engines besides Google?
Marques can You just like my comment without me writing creative comment that u would like?
do you guys think we will get to a point where smartphone companies will start selling software updates instead of actual phones? The way I see it with every new phone every year all that changes is the software.
the phone call live translation is impressive! but then again, why would you be calling someone you can't normally communicate with?
I'm in thr market for a new phone, looking at a oneplus nord, will the price of the s23 drop, and will it be a significant drop or just a small one, it at all?
Qi 2 magnetic charging support included?
@Marques Brownlee Do you know if the S24 will also have the new gen Snapdragon processor in Europe or an (inferior) Exynos processor as they did with S22. I heard rumors a while back that this might be the case. Do you know if this since has been either confirmed or refuted?
AI everywhere. If only AI would exist. It doesn't. These are all just software features. – Why is nobody mentioning this? Everyone today is brainwashed to the max or ultra.
When can we expect the Galaxy Book 4? I was hoping for an announcement this evening but nothing 🫤
So do older phones still get the AI features or is this exclusive to S24
Great videos! Please do a comparison of taking picture and videos of S24 series vs S23 series, thank you..
You just forgot to say that they don't have those specs worldwide  About the 7 years is that really an advantage or is it a strategy for brands to keep selling the same phones for longer than a year cos their out of ideas for new things to add to the updated versions? (Personal theory)
Nice Easter egg in the back. I wonder what the silver thing is?
Are all the software features of s24 ultra on s24 plus?
Do these new Samsung and iPhones deserve reviews every year when pretty much nothing has changed ? They are at they're peak
Is it even worth buying S24 or is it better to buy the S23 brand new, for a lower price? Cause I found S23 256GB for like 600-700$
07:10 there is still no CZECH 🇨🇿 language why is that ?!? Please explain me why ?!
S23 and S23+  also have Exynos?
are the AI thing is a software thing or a hardware ?
ofcourse it is design copy of iphone LOL can they think something themselves?
How is visual search new? I do it all the time in the iphone
Is that the April fool's Bixby speaker in the background?
I'm excited for 7 year Android update  But still it's under doubt 🤨🧐
When are you releasing a full review?
Marquez would you make a video on the phone Ai
What if you then "magic erase" the watermark??
Why do y'all keep buying the same old phones with no real new features?! They really have brainwashed the masses!
Why is Samsung producing any phones ? So many lacks in so many different stages. Upgrade to an iPhone, that's it.
would it not be easier to just use Google AI its probably cheaper and its not Samsung specific.
3:46 that was so sweet ❤️is this a sign that your gonna leave too?
İs there satellite capabilities?
They got rid of the stupid ass curved screens??? Praise Jesus! 🙇 I'll finally have a screen protector that doesnt have loose edges covered in dust. 😂
Is there also a magsafe case for s23 ultra?
Is it posible these features will be in the s23 series??
Why is the back button on the right side not left? Shouldnt it be Back Home Multitasking
I wonder what is apple’s response to this AI feature
Nice that the plus is getting 12gb now. Im curios, how come nobody ever mentions ram speed or memory speed? It has to play into how responsive certain software works.
Why yellow Samsung?
so samsung announced just new apps? :D
why they didnt put 16gb of ram or 24gb of ram to atleast one up the other andriod doesnt make sense with that new chip
Don't you think you're talking about more about Google thing instead of Android or Samsung thing. If it's a Samsung phone review and talking about Google lens and other Google proprietary features that Samsung comes with pre installed is kinda weird. Google just killing android, idk if it's a good or bad sign
What did he mean by "copying apple's homework"?
What’s going on at 6:30?
I wonder how much money Samsung saved with replacing hardware features with AI 🤔
But can it print money?
Will this ai features will be in samsung A series ?
Damn, what design is this of the S24 Ultra... It was horrible, the other models even copying Apple were amazing 😂
What is it all about the lens theory
So does this mean the money google spent on developing their own chip was a waste pretty much, since the Snapdragon gen 3 is way more powerful and has similar AI capabilities?
They are using the worse exynox chips outside of the US, what do you think about that?
Why is 128gb a thing still?  😡
I wonder if Marques will step down soon and take a smaller role in his company like Linus did. He's been working hard on YouTube for years already, and recently Tom Scott and Matpat have made announcements as well, so it got me thinking.
I don't understand why no one of the major manufacturers don't have collaboration with open ai?
am I the only one that finds this video "grainy" at times? I'm used to perfect quality from MKBHD, but this one seems a bit off sometimes, I can't really put my finger on it, but it's like is recorded on something other than their pro cameras.
Main camera in S23U was worse than main in S23. And Samsung just left it untouched? Such shame.
They're taking things off and raising their prices? Nah I'm good with my note 10+ still lol.
Are we gonna get the AI update on S23 ultra?
What about fast charging? Did it change?
How's the haptics?
I am interested in the AI driven search what you see function - if you circle text, does the AI know to search for that text? Or is it ALWAYS doing an image search?
are the books in the background a hint to something...
so nothing is new ?
New nude titanium colour??? Hmm looks like something we've already seen
Ermagerd I can’t believe Apple is reusing the same design!… wait
Any plans to add recording of 3d "spatial" videos?
Hey if its going well why not just copy and paste with minor tweaks
You think they will integrate AI in the s23 line up?
😢why they disappear edge ?
Are all these ai features just for the ultra?
Can't help but think this could just have been an software update
Will this be available for S23?
Idk... Might switch to iPhone...
What did they exactly take from apple besides, let's say the titanium frame?
Any chances of these trickling down to the S23 Ultra?
But still a camera cut-out.. why.. 😢
Still no  super  fast charging speeds like 0 to 100 in 30 mins?
7:35 Did Marques flex with that spanish translate for the upcoming review? 👀
Hi  Marques  Absolutely love your tech videos But there’s one request when you review these phones if you could do the speaker comparisons or take about speakers of these phone  And especially 15 pro max vs s24 ultra as I saw there’s new speaker cutout. Wonder how it sounds compare to 15 pro max  Thanks
If there's 1 thing to test, I would suggest the 5x zoom. Is it truly better than the s23u's optical 10x?
Can the S24 ultra record Log like the iPhone 15 Pro
What ist that thing ond the right side on the frame of the phone? 1:01
Is there actually a point of a qhd screen in a smartphone?
Why is mkbhd not telling that only America gets snapdragon 8 gen 3 chip? For everyone else, s24 and s24+ comes with EXYNOS. Very misleading
I'm upgrading from a base s21 that is literally falling apart (backplate fell off, cameras died, volume rocker stopped working, phone gets hot), the conundrum now is whether to get an s24 Ultra at $1300 or a refurb s21 Ultra at $300 and will I miss the AI stuff.... decisions decisions. I'm honestly happy with my s21's performance so an ultra version should be ok... but the FOMO!!!! ACK!  Edit: If the rumors that Samsung is locking the AI features behind a paywall after a 12 month free trial are true then I'm most likely going to the S21 Ultra. Getting tired of manufacturers nickel and diming headliner features (especially ai features that run locally and not on the cloud).
Does mkbhd read comments
Looks like in europe we are getting Exynos chips instead of Snapdragon. Why in the hell Samsung does this is beyond me...
So nothing you mentioned will work on european version of S24 with Exynos 2400? Or that "snapdragon ai chip" is bullshit?
Excuse me ? Was that a MatPat reference at 3:45 ??? I was not expecting that at all. God dam
Have they made it so you can clear the phone of all the Samsung bloatware they cram on these?
visual search? i am using google lens for years to search images...
Why the hell is Samsung becoming more and more like Apple? And why did they remove the curve class 🤯
Can't you wait for the official release of samsung?
Is the S23 Ultra lighter than the 23 Uktra with it's Titanium rails?
Love the new ai features!! But they still make me question if any of them is really a necessity? I don't find myself using any of these features except maybe the search with a circle one and the summary ones that's all
As anyone made a meme image of a phone from 2030? It will look exactly the same as 2020 but have 18 different cameras on the back. One for each level of zoom and feature.
Idk should I sell my Pixel 8 for the S24? thoughts?
Will some of these features come as updates on the S23 ultra or they are exclusive to s24
So can someone clarify for me, did they increase the screen to body ration on s24 and s24+ hence the 6.2"/6.7" upgrade? Did the phones increase in size overall or just the screen...
Will the S23 Ultra get the same or similar software updates as well?
Are these AI features coming to last year phones too?
can you remove the AI watermark in a picture with AI?
Can Samsung come up with something new?
Basically everyone is doing AI stuff. Is there anything left to work for humans ?😅
the Ultra colour options are so ugly this year, like who tf wants yellow?
Why would the embargo end at the start of the livestream?
Nice phone but where can I get that hoodie?
will these features be available in older smartphones
Is the ultra's corners as sharp as  the cyber truck?
Still using an S22 Ultra is it worth the upgrade?
Will we get AI for 23 Ultra?
The camera hardware is really disappointing. Why do we have to look at Xiaomi, Vivo, Oppo and such for good cameras? Those phones are not or barely sold and supported outside Asia.
Are they pushing any of the software stuff to other Samsung devices?
Does the base S24 also have the snapdragon 8 gen 3 chip in europe? I heard it'd have an exynos chip everywhere outside of the US
Be great to know from what version IRL is worth an upgrade?
Is all the new AI features just for the ultra or for all 24 models?
Did they really rip off apple’s “natural titanium” color ?
Are there different chips for different regions?
5:35 that skirt is 1500 bucks?!
Imagine Samsung doing a "spec bump" on a Samsung Galaxy S24+ is going from FHD to QHD in 2024 when old S models like the regular S7 for example had QHD by default back in 2016 already. More like coming full circle and reintroducing old features branded as new after downgrading or removing them. What's next, headphone jack or MicroSD comes back too?
Why don’t you compare this design upgrade to a Porsche car like you did for Apple phones?
Wait. Did the unpacked event happen today??
New phones are pissing me off…where is the innovation!!? 🤦🏼
Help me decide which one i will get this or pixel i struggle with this decision especially with the batteries that samsung now has.
Don't know why Samsung is handing out phones to creators even before that unpacked event 😢 Why Samsung is this desperate. Disappointed ☹️
Is this the official Samsung channel?   Because ain't no way I'm waiting for the notification on Samsung page and dude drops a detailed video. 😅
Why do they make same design 🤔
Why doesn't the embargo lift AFTER the event? 💀
Top of the line smartphones still having 4000mah batteries still baffles me.  Is it for the sake of getting obscenely faster charging or something? Because stuff like Motorola's G series is at like 5 or 6k on phones with way lower tdp chips, working way less, thus using way less battery. So why does the actually powerful stuff gets the "small" 4kmah?
Who wants to watch 1hr unpack event when you get 10 mins of better summary than the whole event 😂😂
Camera Upgrades (with a twist): The S24 Ultra ditches the 10x periscope lens for a 5x telephoto, raising eyebrows. But wait! Rumors claim this "downgrade" might actually translate to better zoom photos thanks to advanced processing and image stabilization. The main sensor also gets a megapixel bump, and low-light performance is said to be stellar.
Samvengers assemble - why iphones looks the same every year
Please compare the zooms of the s23 ultra and s24 ultra
Why not any upgrade in the rear cameras of S24 and S24+? They are taking 1000$+ money for a phone with the same 3 years old camera hardware. While Apple is called slow in innovation upgrading their camera hardware of every iPhones each year.
Why did you shout out to mat pat??
Did I saw a MKBHD book in the background?
Will s23 cover fit s24?
Wait. This dude has this for 2 years?
Gotta say, the software stuff does look pretty good. I don't know whether it's enough to switch do on the S23 Ultra though.   I doubt it.
confused between liking the Samsung much more for it being so convenient but stuck with Iphone due to its Brand value.
Isnt the event like still 2 hours away?
Who is watching from India ?
Had it for the past 6 months?
