Can someone explain why the test was a success despite the booster and starship blowing up?
Im here trying to figure out how to explain to my brother that space exists because his dumbass thinks we hit the firmament because "the explosion looked weird" im just looking for the most detailed explanation of why it looked like that besides just different pressures lol
why super booster get toasted after Starship rocket ignition even though it have separated?
Wouldn't stage-2, pushing off from the booster, attribute to some of the (suspected) sloshing in booster's tanks ?
Has anyone here heard of thunderfoot?
What is with the rapid unplanned assemblies, why are we so afraid to say explosion?
do you realize how stupid "unscheduled disassembly" sounds? Everyone knows it blew up. you sound like ur in denial.
3rd times a charm?
I noticed a little change in your Tazzy accent? Bit more rrrr in pronunciation FROM Aussie to US: BOOSTSA—>BOOSTERRR 😅
Why there was no camera fotage from Starship in the second atempt
Why is there so much "soot" in the exhaust plume? That's clean stuff, I thought. Is that nitrogen dioxide or some form on nOx?
Curious; they had seemed to fill both vehicles full, but at eight minutes in it showed no fuel left.  How in the future can it make it to orbit plus 200 tons when it was already out of fuel?
Just an open thought – What if the Starship Hot Staging sent unforeseen forces and stress loads into the booster that caused some sort of damage? I am sure the SpaceX engineers have a lot more data than we are aware of.
Tell me why the spaceship in thumbnail. Looks like a weak lightsaber
Oh I was wondering why I was wasn’t seeing the YouTube stream
How can multiple failures be classed as a success?
Can someone tell me where I can find this full shot at 6:03
You dont need to launch to test 33 engines .. otherwise ? They did everything they should have done before ... :?
How did the pad hold up?
Why were the grid fins deployed/extended during the entire ascent?  Lots of drag
Did it run out of fuel?
Why did the starship FTS fire?  I noticed that all engines cut out about 30 seconds early and just before the FTS fired.  Could they have run out of fuel sooner than expected?  Well,  the starship was in the vacuum of space by then. Were the non-vacuum optimized engines supposed to have shut down for that part of the flight but were not shutdown?  That would have consumed more fuel.  No engines meant an incorrect trajectory and no way to fix that.  Time to self destruct.  Just guessing.  Standing by for data.
Booster RUD or successful demonstration of the FTS? 🙂
Wasn't the original plan to only start Starship's 3 vacuum raptors during hot-staging so surprising to see they also immediately started the 3 sea level raptors which were very close to the booster's hot-staging dome?
Who IS THAT GUY with the HAT and striped coat?
Do you think the the push back from the starship hot staging, followed by the flip centrifugal forces (the rotation would be centred near the heavier engines) would cause the propellants to move away from the engines  causing them to cut out?
Why do they always rotate at an angle? Shouldn't they go straight up?
Marcus can you tell me why they dont use assisted launch systems (eg aircraft carriers) to get initial momentum established.
USA is trying to blame other countries for space junk but when they're doing it, its a testing?! 😂
I wonder if a “water hammer” effect still happened, as well as sloshing that interrupted fuel flow into the engines after separation. This leading to engine shutdown issues.
Why didn't spacex put cameras on the actual booster and starship? Those views would have been great to see.
Happened to see a mid day shooting star later that day here in Sweden 🤔Related?
big question why were there no on board cameras like falcon 9
Beautiful flight. The only thing I can think is why not shutdown main booster engines just after separation instead of before so there is no deceleration floating the fuel on the second stage engines. The seconds lit anyway though.
Where does all the debris come down?
when hop?
Please, excuse my ignorance but: the booster explosion was premeditated? Was it part of the whole spectacle, it was intentional, or it was an error? Can somebody explain it to me, Please?
Here is a question for the comunity. the shot from the drone t+13 to t+20 Why does the exaust plume look to fuel rich? Isnt there to much soot coming from the plume for a full stage combustion chamber rocket engine?
I noticed during the Space X prelaunch commentary that ship was expected to coast between 150 and 250 KM, (6:35 on X feed) in reality Ships engines cut 148 KM at 24,120 KM/H with low fuel, about 4,000 km per hour short of orbital speed This makes me wonder about boil off and fuel consumption issues moving forward. I'm sure booster efficiencies will continue to improve this and will certainly be interesting to see in future launches.
Could they get away with shutdown less engine and perforform a slower turn back? Gotta fix the ship's oxygen leak.
Does anyone know if there is a VOD of spacex's livestream and where I can find it?
3rd times a charm?
Excellent. Is the debris seen at 11:30 of Starship, Columbia, an unrelated AI rendering, or something else?
Not that it matters but, how much did it cost
I don't understand what is different here from the launch of Russian and American rockets from ten years ago?
I wonder if the rocket explosion can damage the ozone layer or something
Are there baffles and such inside those tanks to prevent/ reduce fluid 'slosh'? Even the mop bucket we use at work has one. C'mon, SpaceX....
From the look of the engine failures, maybe it was due to sloshing from the boost back maneuver as they all seemed to fail at the same time.
What happened to the starship ? Lost or exploded?
IDK what's taking so long. I could build this in KSP2 with a month of down time.
But at what costs, please discuss the 600 plus unreported injuries, some grievous, at SpaceX facilities.
What's all that white gas coming off the rocket during the fuel loading?
Where do you put the batteries?
Have we lost interest? I didn't hear of it till after, and only this video
Someone please help me understand why there seems like dark smoke on my he left at 6:02 ?
was this a 100k subscriber video? I swear you were at almost 400k yesterday. Keep up the great work!
Was this the reason for all those Explosion Sounds and Vibrations in the Caribbean????
One of MTG's special space lasers perhaps?
This was exciting to watch in real time: all 33 Raptor engines burning.  Scott Manley suggests that water hammer during deceleration may have ruptured fuel lines, and there were streams of venting gas plumes emitting from the base of the booster after the flip. They actually looked like jets of gas to be honest, very straight lines. There was also puffs of orange gas during the hot stage; I wonder what got burned up there?
Yo wtf you can actually see hit something then it stops and blows up anyone with common sense can see it hit and invisible barrier
where can I get a T shirt like you have on?
I would like to know how far down range did Starship make it.
Does anybody know why the "Orbital Flight Test" is abbreviated as "IFT"?  My guess would be "Integrated FT", but I'm open to other, perhaps more creative suggestions...  ;-)
The tiles have been an issue from the start, and I think they might need to do a rework/overhaul of that mounting system. The stresses seem to be too much for whatever system they have now.
Why is there no official SpaceX feed of this?
What’s the condition of the PAD? We all know they are trying to make a reusable rocket, but so far the pad has been a single use pad with each serious test firing and launch requiring massive amounts of repair, refurbishment, and alteration.   I want to see clear shots of the shower head and what damage it sustained.   I assume they will have to repaint the entire pad again.   I saw innumerable constructive shockwaves in the exhaust around the pad, extending all the way to the tank farm.  At least they weren’t reflecting straight back up the stack like the first launch, but I do want to see if the shower head held up to the pounding.
Were there any on board shots of the flight test?
Do you think we are going to get any on-board camera footage from this flight?
It looked like a cascade of failing engines on the first stage lead to the termination event by the self destruct system. Not sure why the first stage self destructed but it may have been premature as it seemed everything was nominal. Wondering why there were no external or engine bay video feeds on this launch.
I think they just flipped the booster too soon - let ship move a bit further away next time to reduce any chance of the ship's exhaust causing the booster to flip too quickly and have fuel slushing around. I  am sure the next test we will at least see the booster flip and make it's boostback burn successfully.
Maybe next time.
Is that the destination F guy?  If it is he needs more emphasis in his dialog. 😂😂
Is it bigger then a Saturn V?
They want to put how many people on these things?
Who picks up all the debris? Or does burn up? Info please?
Love the model starship in the background which brings the question has spaceX ever launched a scaled down version of the Starship? I’m asking cause back in the day during the space race the USSR had too many rocket engines and what NASA did was make them 3 large engines so in this case, has spacex perfected the more than 3 rocket engine design and was this used in a scaled down version at all or was it just all math and modern tech.
I wonder if the hot stage ring could be longer to dissipate more of the back pressure from the ship.
The question is, why are they still working with the rockets? I mean, give me a break. I know they got better Technology than that. I mean, wake up people.
Wow my sister bday is going down in history. 🎉 Question when the motors are being gambled in the last few seconds is that SpaceX manually doing that or..ai?🤔
Looking at the photo at 0:39, I now wonder if the hot staging might have damaged one or more grid fin actuators and caused the booster instability after separation.
It was a fun day.  But how much damage did the pad sustain?
Was the sooty-iness of the exhaust (5:58- 6:15) nomimal or was the black color indicating something burning that wasn't supposed to?
How much does each one of these failures cost?
Did anyone notice it veering south seconds before stage separation?
Maybe the FTS "demonstration" (of the ship at least) was secretly planned, since this was the highest priority issue from the FAA regarding test one.
how are they going to lift off on mars if they already breaks the ground lifting up on earth
A success? Only if you consider blowing up and not reaching design objectives a success.
33 engines and 666 test flights? 😂😂😂😂😂
Why can't they figure out a way to liquid dip the ship for a heat shield make it one solid shield persay
I've been wondering about the water deluge system and how it held up. Looked real good. Any news yet if there is going to be another investigation? Don't they do one pretty much anytime there's a failure and the FTS has to be fired?
Did Mercury, Gemini, Apollo, Shuttle. or Dragons have flight termination systems? For safety of flight issues, is it better for manned and proven vehicles to land in one piece; or, generate a debris field?
Maybe the Super Heavy Booster needs smaller header tanks similar to the Starship, for boostback.
Is it just shadow or is that black smoke from the booster at around 6 minutes in the video?
How many of the 33 engines must remain running to achieve orbit at maximum takeoff weight?
How many years before Starship is certified for humans?
Why is his channel name Marcus house?
The launch site should have a large water pool with metallic conductors to absorb enormous heat generated by the booster? Water has high heat capacity and tons of heat energy can be absorbed by boiling water?
Am I wrong to guess that they intentionally blew up the ship over the Atlantic because they knew the speed was there to make it to the Hawaii area but so many heat tiles fell off they knew it wouldn't make it back down in one piece anyway sooo... just boom it now???
Does the starship engines fires directly at the booster?
How close did 25 get to space?
Now they got clearance for that launch.... they can line them up and go go goo... as long as the next flight is identical it would be like the same clearance... so they could launch rhe next one in days or weeks?
What's with all the orange after booster separation until starship rud?
Why all the hype?  It failed and blew up….
Two parts experienced RUD, has it really  been success ?
Amazing coverage as always, Marcus! Your breakdown of these events is just phenomenal! The images are mind boggling indeed. I do have a question though - I was under the impression that this was supposed to be an uncrewed test flight. Do SpaceX have any estimation on when they might be able to start including crew in these tests? Just curious about the timeline. Keep up the excellent work!
I wonder how soon they can prep IFT3. My hope is 3-4 months.
There was one image I remember seeing yesterday of a partially collapsed tank on the ground. Was there any information on what happened to that?
If the final velocity was short of orbital speed that seems it is a major issue.  Will SpaceX now use all Raptor3 motors?
So how long until 3rd flight? Another  7 months?
Dang! Was that a sonic boom at 5:47?😮
What about that Water Deluge System? At 5:30 It looked like it was leaking??? Or did I miss something?
So wait- did the second stage explode or did it get lost?
Why isn’t anyone asking why no camera mounted views from booster or starship where seen in any footage from Space x?
Next launch before Xmas to maximise this years launch opportunities?
Did anyone else mistake the rocket for a lightsaber at first glance?
Great flight but am I the only one that noticed a flash of light (that looked like an explosion) at the top of booster nine straight after ship separation.
When is the next launch happening?
Is it cheaper to buy/produce O2 than it is to re-condense it?
Sabotage? They should check the workers........
It looks like some of the take off stand had suffered some major soil erosion and blast around the stand. Why don't Starship put an extra thin SS sleeve or web over the heat shield tiles to keep them in place. This will degrade on re-entry, but over the flight no chance of loosing tiles.
Does anyone know what the venting from the deluge tank farm on the left is all about?
When do we get to see the onboard shots!
Did everyone catch the high altitude WB57 in the background, during the early moments of flight?  It was in a holding pattern off the coast of Mexico prior to launch.
Was there no onboard footage or hasn’t it been released?
I think they need to put a film over the tile surface to hold them in place during the massive vibrations of liftoff. It can just burn off on re-entry
How could the debris field be in Puerto Rico?.... Serious question
lOVED IT...BUT WHY NO ON BOARD CAMERAS?
Thanks for the 2nd flight review Marcus. I was a little late to the live launch and was looking around on youtube trying to find your live stream. There were so many "pop-up" streams it was all very confusing. I wonder if there was a way for you share a link for us to click on that takes us to your stream or one that you're on? Anyway, onward and upward!!!
So the reason for ship 25 RUD was not enough velocity to enter  semi-orbit? What caused the engines fail all at once right before?
Flight termination system triggered too early??
Scott Manley speculates that FTS was never triggered.
I believe the booster raptors failure can be solved by redesigning the fuel feed system and layout to survive the flip and turn but the starship second stage raptor complete and sudden failure going straight is a puzzle.
Are they other solutions than Thermic tiles for spacecraft cause it’s seems to me that it is  to risky for repeated flights?
why is the screen orange for the starship explosion part
So S25 just flew away into space?
Hey, just wondering, where did you get that mini starship model next to the Saturn V one. Looks awesome
Theory: Right after the hot stage, you can see the booster velocity drop by 60-ish instantly, which may have caused the fuel to slosh forward, therefore causing engine relight issues.
1:30 flap test of booster 25?
Where is booster 10 and ship 28 at?
what a great day for space. those drone shots are fabulous, we need a whole "team" of drones to follow the next starship - or a drone that can do 17000 MPH. great coverage from NSF 8:00 dies it have to flip? isn't it pointing in the right direction when it separates anyway? scott manly was suggesting that it suffered fuel sloshing from the flip.
I strongly suspect that the conclusion of this flight was a "RID" not a "RUD". The FAA is now convinced that the FTS works well. Two triggers of the FTS in a row at or near critical flight conditions?  You could not plan better, two maximal conditions as ideal test demonstration points.  What are the odds they happened unplanned? The net result is that a bureaucratic obstacle has been minimized opening the future for a more intense test schedule.  Whether a "RID" or an actual "RUD", the effect is the same.
Why is everything in metric? Let the rest of the world calculate metric. I'd like to see miles/hr and gallons. Great video as always Marcus!!!!!!!!
Was I the only one who saw the official SpaceX stream taken over by a cryptocurrency message? Nobody is talking about it and SpaceX removed the live stream.
Why does future moon star ships have to be refueled when other ships have been and are going to the moon without refueling
