What a great question at 12:00. Kevin really had Bryson shocked with that.
Lack of real emotion ... or am I wrong?
Now let’s see if this db can pass a drug test
So what's the reason for leaving for LIV Bryson, since you are so passionate about golf? Obviously you care. But NO ONE cares about LIV!! That is not an equation anyone can figure out. Even if there are more to life than golf.
I'm not sure what formula they use to pick the US Olympic team, but if it wasn't decided by a human to place Wyndham Clark on this year's team over Bryson, then a human should have intervened and said no way.
What would Anthony Kim Shoot at Pinehurst?
What kind of watch is Bryson wearing at this press conference?
21:15 what could he have said??
Isn’t this one of the guys who went to the LIV?  And Rory stayed with the PGA?  Nothing like a little loyalty from the fans or the media!!
Reporter asked if this will bring golf together when it was the media, PGA, other golf bodies, OWGR and Golf Channel who were the ones who could not accept CHANGE. Even now the Olympics is the same as them. Now, they won't even have America's golfer on their team because of their prejudices. Hope it bombs for NBC. Unless they get off their asses and accept the fact they they are wrong.
With all the missed fairways I don't understand why BAD didn't bag the driver and go to a 3 wood off the tee. He probably can still outdrive anyone with one.And he should be on the Olympic Team
21:15 what could he have said? Help me out y’all
What's with the media lady's voice?...a little bit of warmth wouldn't hurt...
check the lie angle on that putter usga 📐. broadcast said he takes his putter all the way to the max of 80 degrees. sure looks like it exceeds it from where i’m standing 🤷🏻‍♂️
Rory, what happened? Beaten by another LIV Player in a major Again! Well done Bryson a true champion.
did anybody ask if Rory congrats him before rushing away ?
Who’s the clown  reporter that asked about the money clip. 🖕🏽
Isnt that the rolex he won from the last Open he won? If so, thats a cool memento.
Question: how much has all the challenges you’ve played on YouTube on the last few months played a factor in your ball striking and creativity !!!!   Why no one asked this is beyond me!!!!
7:21 what a ridiculous question. Literally nobody is saying that. This reporter trying to create drama. Idk who it is but they should be banned
What was the joke about the money clip?
Grant Horvat and other YouTubers helped Bryson too. Last bunker shot..what would Grant do?
I wonder what happened to the winning ball he threw. He didn't seem happy with the throw lol
What’s the wristwatch he’s toting?
