Serious question: Colon Kapertard said the NFL was modern-day slavery. Why would anybody want to play for them?😂
Reckon he'll play in the UFL or CFL?
Self reflection isn’t a Sanders Family strength.
You guys slobbing on his knob too? 😅
"Deep personal reflection"?  Truly a hallmark of the Sanders men...
He was 13-12 as a starter for Colorado... what are we even talking about?! 😅😂
No head coach wants dad second guessing every decision.
OK, so NFL teams are desperate for QB's and they wouldn't take Sanders? Lol, when did the NFL care about a player's behavior on or off the field whether they are QB or not? Did he do something really bad or is this a power play by the NFL?
Do you think Cleveland was one of those teams that Deion didn’t want his son playing for
What do you think about $XAI33? I keep buying more🌟
What do you think about $XAI33? I keep buying more🌟
Did Elon Musk really launch a crypto token?? $XAI33 or somethingg
Is $XAI33 available to buy in UK??
Is Shedeur the result of an early AI name generator?
Was that Rich Glazer?
Did Peion beg Cleveland to pick his baby boy?
Maybe, just maybe, the media overhyped him just like they did Colorado for the last 2 years.  This is not some league-wide conspiracy.
Sanders drives a Rolls Royce and wears a $100K watch he shoves in others faces...is he hungry enough to work? Is he hungry enough to be a backup and not be a distraction? Seems a lot teams thought there was way more sizzle than steak. Why waste a 1st or 2nd round pick on someone who may not be hungry
Being a good teammate is priceless. Shedeur has cast doubt as to how good a teammate he will be. Brady was not the best at any single physical or technical aspect of the QB position - he was the ultimate teammate, though, and made those around him play above themselves.
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
What's wit this dude tryin to push this narrative? And sayin he needs self reflecting?
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
What excuses will they have when sanders never becomes a full time starting QB?
Why is everyone suprised? He’s a 500 qb. He’s not a great talent
Who else is here before this blows up
Maybe it you guys are overrating him. Maybe his arm strength in not what teams want.
Who else is here before this blows up
Genuine question here: What did Sanders do to piss everyone off? I'm out of the loop. I agree with Rich's point that the NFL ignores some absolutely toxic and abhorrent behavior if it is a player who is seen as too valuable to let go (Big Ben, Tyreek Hill, etc). Did Sanders do something on that level?
Was Collin Kaepernick drafted?
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
They use being quiet and humble? 😂😂😂😂 Small minded people love to try to tell black confidence man how he should behave smh 🤦🏽‍♀️
Why do people support corporations so much? Let me know when any NFL team comes to your house to see how you were doing.
Why is Rich so mad lol
Who else is here before this blows up
Look at all the nonsense over his pick #, who wants pay to deal with these same people and Daddy everyday at every decision? Any takers?
Has a team ever selected two QBs in the same draft? 🤔
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Quarterback is different? Really?… So what was Colin Kapernick, HELLO?!
9:40 What was Brady’s talent level when drafted? If it’s like everyone but Rick says that where you are drafted is written in stone.
Who else is here before this blows up
Could this be the first time a player had his college jersey retired and not get drafted at the next level?
Why is this barely .500 player getting this much coverage?
This fairy sanders kid only played 2 seasons correct? He needs more experience
5:55 i beg you? lol smh. dude please. its not that serious. he'll be good in life nfl or not.
Can S Sanders unretire and go back to Colorado? Work your butt off to get 1st rd pick in 2026
Who else is here before this blows up
I think sanders interviews must’ve not gone well, on top of that a lot of teams don’t need QBs or aren’t looking for a backup who’s going to get more hype than the rest of the team. You also have to wonder how good sanders really would be if he didn’t have Travis hunter, and would he even had a starting QB position in college if it weren’t for his dad? I think he would but the fact that he’s had his dad as coach for his entire life until the NFL and has never really had to beat another high rated QB for a position makes him questionable. I mean he’s put in work don’t get me wrong but you also can’t say he hasn’t gotten in the position he’s been without the sole help of his daddy. There’s always going to be a stigma about the coaches son, so what did he expect.
Let's see how he deals with adversity.
Who else is here before this blows up
Maybe, just maybe it might be all the time he has been on social media. Maybe just maybe they saw things they did not like in his leadership of a multi billion dollar organization, maybe there were red flags off the football field. Who knows? Maybe when looked at by experts he is not that good. Maybe interviews were terrible.
Are the owners possibly colluding against sanders?
I’m confuse is it about football or the owner’s personal issues
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Does Sanders hide arrogance and lack of humility with tweets about his faith?           Greed and arrongance are not traits of a Christian Mr. Sanders.
Who else is here before this blows up
He should be begging.
Who else is here before this blows up
Selling yourself???? Begging to be drafted? Wtf is this??
When picking players ALWAYS CONSIDER THE TALENT, BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY CHARACTER, THE PERSON, THE ATTITUDE THE DRIVE, THE DETERMINATION, where all those attributes checked idk you would have to ask Teams...is being related a NFL star a legend have anything to do with it MAYBE IDK. Could some teams be thinking lets give a kid who didnt have the money the string's to pull maybe..but i see people saying that they didn't want to play for certain teams i think i can assume they FU to them regardless of talent.. And they don't want the drama, They don't want the added pressure to a player because of his father which is something very possible, not everyone hits the professional level and can handle it.
I need some answers…. Why wasn’t this guy picked up…. I’m a colts fan and wish colts picked him up for more competition
Let's get Shannon Sharp on and ask his opinion next
So when Elway and manning did this why weren’t they treated like this?
The question is, will he be drafted at all?
Are NFL programs watching the Nico situation and skeptical about Deion trying to be hands on?
6:03 DID JOHNNY MANZIEL HAVE TO BEG?! Or did Baker Mayfield? WHO had an active police chasing video attached to his draft tape.
I dunno. SOMEBODY was throwing Travis Hunter the ball.
The point being missed is we are at point in the draft where one team that decided to wait for a qb is about to get a 1st round talent in the 4th or 5th round
Can somebody tell me who these guys are, from left to right? Last night was my first time watching and I like them.💯💯💯💯
Is maye any better than will levis? Vrabel gonna rum him in the ground just like titans.
Why is the media hell bent on destroying this young man’s professional draft? It seems personal to me- I’ve never seen anything like it- entitled athletes have been around for decades there must be some other reason- it’s weird- I hope Shedur has an all pro career
What round was Tom Brady drafted in? What’s the big deal?
Why is this draft all about Shedeur? He’s no generational talent…
For those of you who are uncomfortable with bringing race into it, ask yourself why no one decided to 'humble' Manziel or Mayfield. And why it's only black players that are 'humbled'.   Then ask yourself why there's a need to put a black player 'in their place'. 😂
Maybe it’s because he’s not that good
A college player who won multiple awards including offensive player of the year but you want him to act different and beg you to take a chance and for what??
Why people act like shedeur sanders has a god given right to get drafted?
He should beg? Wtf. He's proven already
y does he have to call the teams and beg for a spot when he better than people who got picked before him
So if you’re not in the rooms, how can you tell him he needs to do deep self reflection and humble himself? Effing clowns
Why should have to beg y'all crazy
“What exactly is it”?? ITS HIS ATTITUDE!!
How is he bringing in his own crew, his crew was family at Colorado where his dad coached. He won't ruffle any feathers in someone else's house. Like wtf. The kid was raised right.
Shedeur is being humbled by God . Testing him if he would stil follow Jesus even if his dreams did not come true .
What coach wants to deal with this kid and his father
I don’t know if it’s collusion, but I’m sure they're thinking of a Johnny Manziel and even a Tim Tebow who have sort of larger than life media personas and just don’t want to deal with that. Your talent has to be off the charts to make it worth it and Sanders’ isn’t.
Do you guys believe in conspiracies now ?!
I question if he is dealing with being a legacy? Is it the same as how Bronny is being treated?  Is it his abilities, or is it because his self identity is overshadowed by his family's connection ... specifically his father's star?
It may be part bringing a camera crew everywhere he went during college and several teams saying he seemed disinterested during interviews. I don't think this is message sending I think it's teams being cautious bringing in someone that could potentially end up the face of the team.
Beg??? Why does he have to beg?? Please
How much did they get paid to keep mentioning him all day.
I wonder how much it is the case of not wanting to let him play for certain franchises and those franchises prefer to pick players that will actually show up. Maybe they take a change on him as an undrafted rookie to sign. Cheaper and more controle for the franchises.
They want sanders to beg??? They want him to not act like himself and play and carry himself with confidence?? They have never done this to other players even at the qb position. Rich is absolutely right there’s been guys that the league would probly not have wanted anywhere near their locker rooms but because they can play they get a pass? Baker mayfield was the number one pick after being one of the cockiest assholes in college football. While weeks before the draft he was arrested for running from police while drunk…. Let’s not forget him holding his junk in front of the opposing team. Like what are we talking about sending a message to sanders and wanting him to beg this is crazy bruh.
Play on the field? hahahahahah Maybe it's the off field play?
Why he got to beg for it
Who’s Shadeur’s agent?
Why does he have to beg?!!
I wonder how much of this is the so called 'Deion' tax? Teams don't want to deal with him so they pass on Shedeur.
If a team drafts Shedeur, how many .500 or below .500 seasons does the coach get before the fans start to turn and ask for Deion?
Is he black royalty? Is he entitled? And what about equity in the NFL?
Long gone?  His earliest real evaluation from NFL scouts was late 2nd round talent to the 3rd round.  After that it's his failed interviews, especially important for QBs.
Steelers who they have? Browns have 3 backups. They just got the 94 pick and instead of Howard or sanders they got some guy that i dont remember his name. What is going on
Sanders led all of college in completion percentage, over 4000 yards and 37 td’s. This makes no sense? Shouldn’t all qb’s have confidence and strong egos? Comes with the position. Should of been top 5 pick
Can we hear Rick Eisen talk without being talked over
Everyone is saying, by talent Sheduer should have been drafted by now.... what talent??? Outside of having the best qb release, and maybe the best accuracy of this class, what traits wows you? He doesn't have a cannon for an arm. His footwork is sloppy at best. His timing is worse that Sam Darnold coming into the league, and his athleticism for an NFL athlete is mid at best. He doesn't have single trait that wows like any of the other qbs in this class... and in any other year, he would be a day 3 prospect
Rich why are you taking this so personal? You talk about how long you've been doing this and I've never heard you act like this. Shedeur is not a starting QB and the NFL teams just said it.
Beg them!!!!!?😮
Self relection for what??? And WTF is this begging Talk???
Browns got standards now?
Why is rich struggling to grasp this
Maybe teams don’t trust him to learn and play outside of his daddy’s bubble and system optimized for him?
Honest question. Would Shedeur even have been talked about as much if Deion wasn’t his Dad?  I don’t see elite QB when I watch him. He’s not tall or stout. He’s not fast (certainly an underwhelming athlete when you consider his Dad). His arm isn’t big. How much of his success was because he was backyard balling with the best player in college football?  I don’t see a lot of offensive success within structure.   I think the paid evaluators have made it pretty clear he isn’t a franchise QB. And I think the tape shows that.   So then you start looking at value later in the draft. Do you want the headache that comes along with him if he’s a backup or developmental player?  I wouldn’t.   If his last name was Harris nobody would give a rip.
When has the pride and joy of all the greats ever really had a truly fair shake? It's a tough one. Been a couple but not really in this era.   But Shedur has now entered a world that hasn't been shaped specifically for him since he held his first ball. It has to be tough.   But people don't forget the childish, immature behaviour and antics that did nothing positive for any of them. Shedur has a lot of maturity, he is poised, and why he's not on the Raiders or Browns right now surprised me. Thought those were good fits possibly.    But I'm a Deion fan for life, always have been since he was in college.
Is there something Im missing. McCord and Ewers have better arm talent. I watched the Syracuse tape versus Miami. Some of those throws he made in that game was elite.
It's a job interview.....
The league isn’t afraid. They’re tryna make an example out of Shadeur. For what? Who knows. He’s about to have an even bigger fire lit under him now though
If Shedeur was a WR he goes in the first round
Nobody wants to touch his circus... Who would?
I won’t be mad if dolphins pick him up in the third, great backup make sit and learn more like Jordan love, and give more time fix the line and maybe tua leave idk
I don't understand Sanders fall. I live in Colorado. I watched him every week. He is extremely accurate. Extremely poised. He had a bad oline and zero running game. Granted he isn't very mobile. If a team can give him decent protection he will make these teams look stupid for passing on him.
How can a QB not attend the Combine, not throw on his school's pro day, and interview badly be expected to be drafted in the NFL? Sanders brought this on himself.
Anyone considered that maybe  he just isn't good enough for the NFL??
Why would he get on the phone and and beg they already know he going to come and work
Does shaddeur speak Canadian? They’ve got a league up there!
The Sanders family and those who are scratching their heads in wonder need to better understand the difference between the words "Confidence" & "Conceit"....
Brandon Weeden, Josh Rosen, Anthony Richardson, etc all worth a 1st but Sanders isn’t?  The NFL doesn’t like Black QBs with personality.
Humble?????? Ayee young these analysts are some haters. He don’t need to apologize for. Nothing
0:55 what was that???
How about reacting to all the good qbs who got drafted?
This is BS! Why should Shedeur have to beg? It’s personal, if it weren’t, why are we saying he should’ve been selected by now.
This will be the NFL's loss......how many other QBs were trained by Tom Brady?!?
Another overqualified Black man begging for a job in the NFL?... And he's the problem?
His character is the issue
Maybe it's not Sanders talent maybe teams don't want all the attention grabbing going on, on the sidelines ?
What distraction are they speaking of????
Nobody wants the drama that Sanders brings with him?
Why should he have to beg to get in the league?? That’s crazy work!!! The man has 1st round talent, no drama off the field, good grades, with confidence I see nothing wrong with that.
This whole situation is crazy and makes me really question how I feel about the league and the people who really have the power running it. Then the analyst on the right said this is an indictment??
Maybe hes 20 on DJ's big board because they over inflate the value of QBs in the draft for clicks and ratings ...
So they what him to beg?
This whole situation is crazy and makes me really question how I feel about the league and the people who really have the power running it
Did Aaron Rodgers have to pick up the phone and beg?
Why are all the social media and camera rules only for Shadeur?
He appears to be a head case with baggage, is his father going to interfere with the team his son is playing on? Was he over hyped by the media and how many times has that happened to a quarterback coming out of college. Who told Jalen Milroe to sit in the green room during the first round and how did that make Jalen feel sitting in there and not be called until the later part of the third round. These talking heads never take responsibility for pumping these young players with so much praise and the he is a number one draft pick and they sit there with camera's on them feeling humiliated.
If a regular person goes on a job interview and acts like he's seen and done it all and that he is all that and a bag of chips, what do you think his chances of being hired would be?
Something is not adding up. How can Deion be all about teaching all of his players including his sons how to be a Pro and now anonymous sources say Shedeur was unprofessional during draft process? I’ve seen nothing but professionalism and belief in his game as he dealt with this draft process and now we are here. The NFL is no different from corporate America. There’s a lot of bias that seeps into hiring processes unless you’re very intentional about rooting it out. At this point, they’re not even evaluating his performance and skill.
Or just maybe he isnt talented enough to be a starter. The media way over hyped Sanders for the last few years. Plus do you really want a guy that just quits on your team and goes into the locker room when you're down by 3 scores in the 4th quarter.
Beg.??? Really?? He has NO reason to beg.
He got blown out in Colorado final but still got his jersey retired idk
Dumb as rocks?
The question is is his talent worth the circus. The answer so far is no.
WHY IN THE HELL DID THE SAINTS CALL SHEDEUR AND WHO GAVE HIM THE NUMBER 😡
I'm wondering if the LeBron and Bronny thing has something to do with this....teams not wanting that type of distraction....
What if Deion is telling no team to draft him and Shedeur is an undrafted free agent that picks where he wants to play
So now he’s a victim?  Give me a break.  He didn’t get drafted because of WHO he is as a person.  Maybe he and his dad should have a long look in the mirror and reevaluate their behavior
has there ever been a players whose intangibles tank his stock this badly? The talent level is not commensurate with his ego.....but then again, *no one's* talent is commensurate with his ego.
If you know a player might, just might, be an issue in the locker room and he not needed to be a day one starter why would you take them? Could be go undrafted?
Is this, not wanting to deal with him, or his dad?
I understand potentially not 'acing' team interviews, but wonder why the Payton Manning predraft demand hasn't been mentioned in this discussion...Any comments 🤔
I am at a lost as to why Sanders has not been selected. He does not have off the field issues such as drugs, women or other things that have been overlooked in the past. I think it is a punishment to the Sanders family for not going to the combine and not begging to play.
One question would shauder sander would have been a 4 year starter in a major college without his father been the head coach
I believe it may be something more than his QB ability regarding Shedeur.
Maybe he's just not that good. Maybe he's just a backup.  Maybe Mason Rudolph had better stats his sr year and was a 3rd pick and perennial backup (hint he is/was).
Any red flags about gang activity? Domestic violence? DUIs?
Sanders arrogance and attitude to be a real NFL quarterback is questionable
When did Shedeur become Colin Kaepernick?
They say they don’t think it’s personal, but what if he goes undrafted does that change your mind?
Will Shedeur get picked Saturday?  Now the bargain hunters come out.
Would you hire someone like shedur? Would you bet your job on him?
One of these teams, probably Cleveland, is going to spill the beans on what's gone down. By talent alone, there is no explanation for selecting Dillon Gabriel over Shadeur. So something has gone down behind the curtain that we don't know yet. My bet is that Deion told the Browns months ago that they weren't welcome to draft Shadeur.
Is it a big brain move to go undrafted and sign whereever you want.
You guys want him to beg?
It makes me wonder if Deion is the deterrent. He already said that there are certain teams that he didn't want his sons playing for.  I don't pretend to know anything im just wondering. He fell for a reason
Couldn't it be that he's just not that good?
Who wants all that drama with him and his dad good
This league never turns down talent???? He needs to go back and research the history of the black quarterback.
Everyone asking how the Shadeur matter got here, look around at everyone asking how the Shadeur matter got here.  Unless a player is a surefire generational talent, the last thing any organization wants is an entourage ready to second-guess their training and development methods.  Their revenue depends on the product they put on the field, and if that product has to answer to a high profile dad, and all of social media, and there is no indication that the player will keep those voices in check, they'd rather not take on the task.
I am confused, why would a parent give his male son a name that starts with a "she" "She"deur..
Then how come I saw this? The problem with the networks is they have so much access it starts to cloud their opinions. "I might lose access to this person or organization if I say this"
Wtf beg for what
Are people upset that he hasn't been drafted yet because of his playing abilities? How great he is. Or isn't because of who his dad is.?
I’m going to guess this isn’t a Shedeur problem, it’s a Deion problem.
a lot of the times executives draft someone, it is typically a reach. you see it all the time. and it fails. when questionable character or attributes come into play, and they question you mentally as a person..... those execs are usually right. maybe some of the years prior like 2021 as an example has teams scared to reach especially if the player didnt interview well.
Beg? Really?
Could it be at all possible that the teams just don’t think he’s that good?
I think certain teams are thinking he's going to drop and are trying to get him at a bargain. A team like the Steelers or Jets, that don't have QB of the future. Also, teams that need a QB might be intentionally holding out for Arch Manning, even though he's not a lock to come out next year.
I wouldn't say it's personal but aside from being a slightly better than average QB, when things aren't going well what team wants to hear all of the criticism from his dad.  If he was good enough, it wouldn't matter to most teams but he's just not good enough to put up all of the drama, at least not in the early rounds of the draft.
Why do we think these general managers are qualified? Most of them got the job by knowing someone in a great position. They miss on the quarterbacks all the time.
The NFL obviously doesn’t want him so why are we still obsessing about him?
Why is Rich Eisen so in love with this kid?  Second day where he is going after the world in defense of an average QB. Doesn't seem concerned about the 500 other players who haven't been drafted yet.
Why does Rich look so emotional. 😂😂
Sanders is a good QB.  Is he an NFL quarterback?  The intangibles of Sanders on and off the field do bleed over.
Isn't the media and the camera's part of the game .. please stop with this excuse 😒 . And the "humble" excuse, he's humble in the eyes of God, and that's the only knee he has to bow to
Who wants a marginally talented prima Donna who has to show off his rolex every time he comes to the sideline?
Maybe Sanders is a “me guy” and not team first.  At the QB position, can’t have a “me guy.”
Rich ….. do you owe the Sanders family money?   Never saw you not get it so badly….. teams don’t want problematic leaders in their locker rooms, being a great player is just one part of the equation.
Talent? The reality is as a college QB he was barely better than .500.
This is all a non Story. Every QB taken has the film, character, and experience to match or exceed Sanders.   Why hasn’t Will Howard gone? Why did Gabriel go so late? I get he made Colorado better but he didn’t make Colorado good.
Wasn’t he or his dad talking about his there were only certain places he was willing to go?
Why does he have to beg to get a chance at something he earned
There’s a camera at every single draft party, but Shedeur can’t have one at his, and that makes him arrogant somehow?!
Too much baggage for what you get…..especially at the most specialized position in the game?
They want this men to beg wtf is going on
If it was about race then why would Cam ward go #1?
Mel kipers #1 rated quarterback (the most important position in the sport) was just advised to beg for a job in the fourth round lmaoooo and we’re supposed to believe this wasn’t a manufactured attempt to embarrass him?
You get him and Dion?  Dion could probably still be a Back up CB
Could it be the league  sees his true value and not the hype.?
What did he say in these interviews?  Must of been bad.
Why should he lower his confidence? Sources said that he wasn’t harsh or rude , he just didn’t want to accept what they thought of him ? So what was actually said
Tell me Dion didn’t phone Rich and pay him off 😂and you know Rich wanted to cry racism 😂 next time maybe daddy won’t tell people they will turn down certain city’s 😂 take a peace of this humble pie my brother
5:15 So, would you have given this pick-up the phone and beg for a job-you need to humble advice to Aaron Rodgers, his father or his reps when he was sitting in the green room all by himself?! No sir you would not!!
Was everyone upset when Kellen Moore went undrafted?
When did "narrative" become the must-have, use-all-the-time buzzword?
Blackballed or something off the field issue?
What exactly did Shedeur do on the field to warrant a top 10 pick? He was never a heisman finalist. He won 2 big games with an actual heisman winner and top 2 pick on the team. Hell, if this was last year’s class he wouldn’t have been close to being at the top of the position. And because last year’s class was so deep, there were only a few teams that needed to address QB.   I’m not saying there isn’t some kind of collusion happening from teams to teach him a lesson, but he was never that good on tape. Low demand for the position, and a low grade on the position group as a whole has teams passing on taking QB altogether
Why does Rich seem personally offended by this?
Maybe he's just not that good.
How many big wins for Colorado under Sanders? NFL is a huge leap in competition. GMs and scouts don't see a skill set or attitude it takes to win at the next level.
If the league never turns down talent, why did no team put up a 1st round pick to sign an MVP in Lamar Jackson?
could they draft his brother before Shedeur ? HAHAHA
Rick you should have sat out on the question being friends with Deion. Not a good look.
13-12.  1-8 vs top 25. 0-1 in bowl game.who believes that is a resume for a 1st,2nd or 3rd round pick?
This argument is premature until we see what the Steelers do with their fourth round pick. They’ve only had the opportunity to draft two players and those players filled serious needs. If the Steelers pass on Sanders in the fourth round, with their third pick, it’s personal, because they definitely need a back up QB. I think the Steelers end up taking Sanders.
Why didn't they bring up Deon spouting off prior to the draft that he wouldn't allow his kid to play for certain franchises. Deon is as much the reason why Jr. didn't get drafted as Jr's play and attitude
Maybe hes just not that good?
It might be Deion, but is there also something else GMs know that nobody else does? As scared as some of them are about picking the wrong QB, like Rich said, it seems hard to believe someone wouldn't take a chance with him.
Why is Rich upset over this? Klatt’s answers made sense, so why did they ruffle Eisen’s feathers? So weird.
He should go to Canada like Moon ! N got talent ! Come on Daniel Jones went in first round first pick for the giants! N they kept giving Jones chance after chance ! Makes me wonder!
TF does deep reflection in this context mean, weird codes.
All these excuses, but tell me this. Why didn’t Tomlinson take him? How about Pete Carroll? Do they have a grudge or did they just not want him and why?
So u think the Sanders family and agents not calling teams? Lol Yt ppl say anything shootout to Rich tho
He should be begging
Rich, was Tomblin able to control AB, Le'Von Bell, Chase Claypool, Martavis Bryant?  Nah dude, you are glazing Deion.
The whole father/son dynamic would have been a huge distraction.  Also how much trust can u have on the coach's son being named the starting QB of the same team he coaches.
Who are these 3 clowns 🤡
Rich needs to accept that the QB position is different.  Teams will gamble on "red flags" with a position where it's necessary to have 3-5+ guys ready at that position on any given day.  At QB, you need one guy and only one guy.  Everyone else at that position on the team is there in a support role.  Clearly, teams question whether or not Sanders can handle a support role.
Self reflection? More like a concerted effort to humble him and his father
That guy in blue thinking that S Sanders is gonna BEG??? And that he will be a good recruit? 😂😂😂
That guy interrupted Eisen…. is he crazy? Bad TV.
Just play along to get along...tell us what you really think RICH!
Everyone is guessing lol
A bad interview drops you from #2 to UDF?
So he should BEG?
I love Rich and that he's always the diplomat, but comparing the Deion presence thing with Hunter vs. his own son? C'mon Rich.
Who’s Deion Sanders?
32 teams. This ain't personal. Are all 32 teams wrong? I don't think the interviews with Sanders were a red flag. I think they were a train wreck.
Call the GM’s and beg? Haha. But they aren’t trying to teach him a lesson…..right
They want him to beg
If Will Johnson and Shavon Revel can overcome their injury history, the Cards and Cowboys got steals in the draft. Ravens obviously with Mike Green but those allegations are not going away.
have we seen anything like this before?
Much Shedeur about nothing...
Why should he beg the GMs?
A QB needs to be a team leader; the NFL  has doubts about Sanders
Beg for what n it's crazy cuz joe klatt went to colorado too but wants sheduer to beg smfh
Gotta be personality and how he performed in team interviews right?
Didnt Aaron Hernandez write 32 letters to every GM promising to change his ways?   Fool me once
So now they want him to gravel at their feet? That’s why Shedeur isn’t drafted. He’s a rich kid that doesn’t need money so he’s not kissing their asses
What happens when you come into the draft cocky and arrogant
Everyone says he’s arrogant, why because of the swag, the jewelry????? Crazy, he never did anything that says arrogant.
Deep reflection... Didn't Johnny Manziel go #1 and he was on Coke?? Okay lol.
Why Charles Davis talking like he Scottish or from Great Britain tho 😂😂💀 Where did that accent come from 🤔🤔
Maybe Shedeur should go play in USFL and take it from there.
Professional sports is entertainment, entertained yet?
Maybe teams just dont want to deal with circus that comes with Sanders circle.
Charles Davis. What is considered talent now?
Are you serious? Call teams & beg them to draft you? 😂 Kid has never been in trouble. Johnny manziel & Baker Mayfield were also cocky they didn't have to beg to be drafted
The guy asking him to beg is pitiful.
Does he go... Undrafted?
I don't know OBVIOUSLY but i wonder if some of the teams didn't want the possible "show" that comes along with the Sanders, or they didn't want father Sanders to be trying to pull strings or control decisions. Did he deserve a jersey number retirement? Hell nah. Was he at least a round 3 or up QB, yah What else could it be? i am asking There is a huge difference between in house media and a players personnel media, teams demand control on so much
Shaduer a millionaire why would he call and beg
Or it could be that he was simply overrated by the buzz and the media.
Did I miss something Shedeur did? Every time I've seen him or heard him on anything he's seemed like a good kid. He might drive a Rolls-Royce or whatever that bothers people for whatever reason, but  he doesn't act like an a hole, he acts like a pretty humble respectful dude. So what's with the "he needs to do some Deep Self Reflection" nonsense, acting like theres indications he has a bunch of character flaws. This guy obviously dislikes something about the last name Sanders.
Why didn't they mention what teams should have drafted him?  Also what teams did they say he wouldn't play for?
After round 1 What does it even matter ??   Hes going to get drafted and it will be old news.    I would be picking him because hes going to have a big chip on his shoulder with a lot to prove
Maybe he ain’t got what it takes!
Did they tell this kid to call gm’s and beg? Oh nah this is crazy
Why did he get so much hate? And his dad too
What’s your name boy? Kunta Kinta. But they want him to say Tobi.
How many times are you going to say "narrative?"
How much is a day 3 contract worth? Not nearly as much as a 1st rounder.
Where is Jimmy Horn!!!!!???
Did you just try to compare the talent of Hunter to Shedeur? Really?
So beg!  Right!  Why play for college football, if you're going to have to beg anyway?!  Just a question.
They no exactly why he hasn’t been drafted yet.
Such a good debate. Really well done.
23 years old what's he still doing in college?
Humble? 😂
Why not talk about the other great players taken? They taking about Shedeur like he's John Elway STOP IT  the tape does not warrant the hype simple as that.
Did any of these guys watch actual tape, or just highlights?
Falling to at least the 4th round now... it made sense to me he didn't go round 1 with the needs of teams and so many QBs going last year, but all these other QBs ahead of him now is really weird.
I kinda want to know what went behind close doors bcuz for sanders to fall out the top 100 is crazy
Ask the stand up, ultimate character guy Tim Tebow, if bringing too much attention will turn a team off. Now add a huge ego and a vocal father who will always have a camera in his face. I wonder what turned teams off.
Who is this dude in the blue!! You want him to beg are you serious!!!
10:22 That's a good question. Whatever the problem they have with him, clearly, it's not pick value... the problem will persist tomorrow, it won't change a thing if you pick him round 1 or round 7.
Serious question…did I just miss something?  What did Shedeur do that was so egregious that 32 owners are seemingly pulling a Kaepernick on this guy in the draft.  What did I miss, cause being cocky can’t be it especially since he’s still essentially a college player and they always give them a pass at that age saying that they’re still kids and they will grow up. Not to mention he’s Prime’s son so being cocky or flashy is just a given like the Manning boys are always professional.
So.. When Aaron Roger's shows up to a team with his circus show, it's no problem???
All this attention on sanders is WHY he has not been drafted yet.
Why are they so concerned with his humility?
Maybe he took a knee and we all missed it?🤔🤔  We really should organize an immediate charity draft for a family recruit, self-entitled and media overhyped player  But in seriousness, IMO he should start learning Canadian, the league there will be starting soon ..........
He not getting drafted....im not sure he gets signed as an unrestricted F/A.
call and beg n plea to them?? hell nah
Nobody talking about Quinn?
Shedeur didn't attend the draft combine why? He's got to look at himself and ask himself why
WHO? NAME THE TEAM HE SHOULD GO TO? He doesn't fit into any roster situation, unless he'd proudly lead the scout team but that ain't happening. He thinks WAY too highly of himself.
At this point you do have to wonder what that Sanders interview with the teams that were looking at quarterbacks was like that he has fallen this far. We'll probably only ever get rumors, but it had to be horrible.
I do not understand how so many people can look at his play and see a good quarterback. Dudes stats were padded by screen passes to the single generational talent in this draft at 3 x the rate of any other team in a single season, ever.
As if 32 team owners, GMs, and coaches got together and decided to freeze him out. First, less than half the teams needed a QB, Secondly, is he as good as many think? Some experts say no. Thirdly, if he did to other teams what he did to the Giants, that is why he is sitting at home. So there is a question about his talent, the entire league wasn't an option, and he possibly conducted himself like a jerk. Done.
Johnny Manziel got drafted.. I’m confused
A couple of calls made??  These clowns just don’t want to admit this is blackballing and collusion by the NFL….
All I heard was that the league plan was to humble a young man because of what?
Maybe spend some time on the players that actually got drafted, ya?
Four QB's have been drafted through the first three rounds, as well as 98 other players; but we're only going to talk about one undrafted player. Perhaps the teams know something the prognosticators don't. If he's truly that great, he will eventually be selected; but, how many other projected starting QB's are no longer relevant to a starting lineup in the NFL? There's always someone "who can play" that just do not cut the mustard. We'll see - the NFL is not the NCAA.
Have you guys seen his celebration party? No team wants that as a QB in the NFL especially when hes not all that talented
@Rich Eisen where is your confusion coming from? The arrogance pre draft from Deion was palpable...
Rich Eisen took a second job as Sanders Family Representative?
Self reflection? come on. He should call and beg? What are we even talking about here?🤣
Rich.. did you take a paycheck, brudda? You're smarter than this. We see through it, man.
Deep reflection. Are you serious 🧐
