Why didnt you give him a nickname or something.. I was thinking what Measure they are talking about..? How you weld whole night and employees dont feel the smell in the morning??
Henry van Dyck sounds Dutch, is that true?
Wouldn’t it just fall straight down collapsing on itself like the World Trade Center did?
Isn’t this what Japan has been doing to deal with earthquakes in there construction
They tore down that beautiful church and rebuilt... That?
i dont care enough to watch just tell me the students question, commenters hit me up
So don't moonpools on top of skyscrapers work as untuned dampers....
Engineer? How old is he? 20? With how much experience?? Come on guys... this has to be a joke... This curly guys looks like he works on the counter at Starbucks.
18:53 every how many years?
They destroyed the old church? Why? This is not a Catholic church, is it?
18:54 every how many years?
So who called him? If it was the female, it was her paper and studies. How or why would it have been the other dude?
Why couldnt they just hire more welders and a bigger team to complete the work faster instead of doing all the disaster planning and increasing the risk? Only ethical reason would be lack of skilled labour, but surely they  could have done it faster and in time.
Why the heck didn't they look at the quartering winds initially????
This brings up an interesting problem: how do you demo a skyscraper surrounded by skyscrapers?
I wonder what year it would have toppled if they did nothing
9:30 - this dampening effect, does it share properties with a ship's anchor by any chance?
So what if there is a power outage the stabalizer stops working?
I can't decide if I'd be pissed or glad that i didn't know i was working in a building that could collapse any minute.
6 7 years?
Shouldn’t this be obvious? Are these engineers just stupid?
Not a firs time I hear student question saved building from oversight.
This tower can collapse with a little blow, how can we fix that? Give it a LOT more weight ! ON TOP OF COURSE ! Americans
Watching this video is making me question 911 more more. 21:56
Went are you STILL  changing the thumbnail on this one. Good lord lol
Are they at Harvard?
20 years of secrecy until the article about the project came to light, and it's first after the article came out that New York updates their building code require quartering wind calculations? And yet this is considered ethical? What am I missing?
Who paid for the repairs?
Since all went well this is a beautiful story to tell, but it makes you wonder, how many other buildings have their flaws yet undiscovered?
What is the question? I'm not watching a 33 minute video for this.
1:30 whaaat that's so sad, why did they agree to that?!
As an Architect, I lost it in the 1:35...why? Why? ... omg that pastor is a.... ugh
so just by using 14 bolts they would have profit millions of dollars instead the first design: welded??
the couldn't have had the stilts on the corners and just rotate the building 45 degress?
I still don't understand the stilts design from an aesthetic respect. Imo it doesn't look better than just the single notch, it would be a pretty cool look with that church notched into the side of the building. Not the first time ego and form won out over function and made it much more complex and expensive than it needed to be
Relationship between refractive index, permittivity, and permeability:
18:52 how many years?
"old crumbling gothic church"???? It was an amazing work of architecture, it should have been protected not demolished to be replaced by a hideous thing that I can't even call church.
related to Dick Van Dyke? if so thats cool!
the church was to be "independent" of the tower and "physically distinct"? Looks instead like an alternative entrance to the building!
is constantly changing the thumbnail and title part of an experiment?
If the church had to stay in place and also have the skyscraper build right next to it, why didn't they simply rotate the building's design by 45 degrees, so that those 4 pillars would sit normally on the corners, instead of the faces' centers?
Has anyone converted the socialism units into Freedom Units, yet?  How many Bald Eagle wingspans is 110km?  Also accepting answers in Hurricane Category, and of course,  mph.
"I could've swore they were doing repairs here last night" carpenter dressed in suit: what? no you're imagining things
If it was in India "How many workers it required?" "Four teens"
Why do modern buildings look so ugly? So stupid and banal looking? So soul suckingly creepy and cold and revolting?
I just ask myself… couldn’t they just have the building on an 45 degree angle so that every corner still has a stilt under it?🤔🤔 Or is their a code how the building has to be oriented 😂😅
Engineer named LeMeasure? J.K. Rowling ass naming
still baffled that they turned a beautiful piece of gothic architecture into a cybertruck egg
An absolutely riveting documentary. The newspaper strike providing a "press blackout" was an incredible stroke of luck. It raises a fascinating modern question: in the age of social media, smartphones, and citizen journalism, could an emergency repair of this magnitude ever be kept secret for months? Or would a single tweet from a late-night office worker showing welders on-site blow the whole operation open, potentially causing the very panic they sought to avoid?
to be fair I wonder how did  William LeMessurier decide that static load and non-quartering winds were the conditions which he should use to calculate maximum load in the first place sounds like that he should have had enough knowledge to not think of that
They replaced Gothic architecture with a lunch box?
1:35 who was the person that agreed to replace a beautifull building by a box of ciment?
One of the questions, was that quartering winds, are the normal winds, as the supports are shifted 45 degrees.   So, there was something basically wrong with the basic calculations from day 1.   But the supports were designed for normal corner supports, which was wrong, wrong, wrong.  Long story short.  Support a building from the corners.
A 15sec question and a 1min max answer... That will take a 5min long videos to explain... But no "hold my beer!": a 33:38min video to waste your time. look it is now 3:00AM.
Q: 21:49 answered by a man 21:59 who is determined to NOT say “domino effect.”   22:05  lol.  He’s def superstitious..  And I don’t blame him!
23:43 huh? Who is your carrier? Sounds terrible
If there is stress there is strain. I wonder why he used compression and tension ? Are they different ?
We have friends in the newspaper industry, we control the unions, saving on bolts over welds, who kept the savings?
So how many buildings that didn't examine quartering winds are out there?
This is certainly a dramatic engineering story from history but why is Veritasium presenting this now?  The National Academy of Engineering put out LeMessurier's lecture seven years ago.  Even Simon Whistler did a video on it four years ago.  Countless others have too.  I wouldn't be surprised if even the "Simpson did it."  Also, it really obnoxious to continually insist on quoting measurements in the metric system in videos that I'm sure have 90% plus viewers in the US, were we care less than nothing about the metric system, other than for a 2-liter Coke bottle.
Can someone help What’s the background song in 1:05
Why weren’t the welding crews working 24/7 if there was an urgent need to repair the building?
Why didnt they put wind tunnels at various levels. Lets wind go thru rather than slam into building. Like when we have tornado warnings we open windows esp. cross wise windows
🎉But will the structure remain standing in a devastating earthquake?
So 9/11 could have been a faulty situation indeed?
Why didn't they just hire 1,000 welders, pay them a BONUS stipend and finish all the "band-aid" welding in one weekend? Lawsuits would have been 1,000 time more than the cost of the BONUS Stipend.
Where have I been that I just discovered this channel with such good information?
How could they not consider quartering winds with columns/feet on the sides and not corners? The first thing they mention in the video is a chair with legs not in corners and how unstable it is. Should've been obvious this needed to be checked in this novel design
2:00 - Why did you choose a picture of Hugh Stubbins in front of a building he designed that collapsed? That's not very nice. ;-)
They didn’t tell the public because they didn’t want a mass panic? No, they didn’t want a lawsuit.
The incident of him realizing his mistake and correcting it is also a complete fiction.
Wasn't this problem found by a woman student who was told not to bother with the problem by her elders, she went on with her hunch and asked Le Messurier and then it was worked on?
14:17 why root 2 came here?
every how many years?
Who gave them the right to not tell people their lives were at risk? Dafuq..
Why use ai generated graphics? You could use stock photos, but y'all are also a huge channel so you could easily commission an artist if you really wanted custom graphics 😢
Where did that architect graduate?
This makes me question the twin towers collapse even more.  No way could I work in a sky scraper that moved when the wind blew.
Probably a dumb question, but why did they weld on additional plates, instead of just adding 10 more bolts?
What if there is a power cut!
I wonder what shape the most effective but also usable kind of building would have in terms of height possibility, probably a huge pyramid or cylinder I guess?
Is the goal to mispronounce "LeMessurier" as many times as possible?
67 years?
Citicorp (or Citicorp's insurance) paid for the repairs, not LeMessier's firm (or the firm's insurance)?
How does someone running a church get to decide t oknock a wonderful old buidling down to get a box?
can you make more video with Viet dub cause i want to understand ty ❤
So wind can make a building fall sideways but a plane makes it fall downward?   hmmm🤔
why wouldn't you just make a pyramid with the stilts to distribute the weight and forces equally?
great documentary thank you somuch sir , can i use afew of it for an information reel about civil engineering  as it has alot of useful animations and sketchs for my video i will also mention your channel
I may be wrong, but it could be explained simply. If you have winds (forces from zx) , would you build your card house with vertical lines or with diagonal? They thought - with diagonal, but they have forgotten that there is a gravity ( xy), so your diagonal line already on a halfway under it, unlike the vertical.
Which type of animation is used throughout the video?
why are all these calculations and "ah ha" moments being done after the fact?
I want to know the name of the REAL HERO in this story -- the bureaucrat or politician that signed off on the building staying occupied during repairs, and the additional risk to surrounding structures, without taking a single dollar in payoff money.   My guess is that this hero is fictional and they did this without inspectors or city approval since it took New York until after the article to change the code.  It must be nice being a white collar criminal.
What did the student ask?
now lets Talk about: building 7 how could it collapse in its own Footprint?   which other sky scraper collapsed in the same as both the twin towers did, after a plane hit?
My understanding was that a female student asked a question about the structure and he realized that he had made an oversight.
Why destroy a beautifully built church and create some weird box?  It is happening in many places.  Years ago I saw how old Chruches were sold to other communities, even LGBT organization the built a skating place inside it.  From North America to South America to Europe.  Old Churches are destroyed because of "financial" issues.  WILLFUL ACTS!
Can we credit Diane Hartley for saving hundreds of thousands of life’s or are we going to keep referring this student as him. Citicorp offered her 10 thousand dollar stipend that was dropped after pointing out that her calculations were 40% lower than the blueprint. 😢
So a church can be demolished and rebuilt in the same spot but can’t be moved to another location, probably few blocks away ?
I wonder wouldn't it be easier to just add bolts on site, instead of welding? The video never shows the actual connection that was reinforced. And yes Lemessier had made a mistake, his initial calculations were off, no matter whether connections were bolted or welded. Another question is, how were the diagonal members calculated? By my understanding, those members were well over dimensioned, since they could withstand far greater loads than initially calculated. Ok, they were calculated for the bigger component of compression than tension, latter being relatively smaller of the two, so i guess the members were fine in that sense. I am a structural engineer myself, definetly not of such caliber of course, but i have had some close calls too, and i know that feeling of balancing on knife's edge and working tirelessly to fix my own mistakes, not a good feeling at all.
one can not help but wonder what if a 911 type terrorist attack involved this building?
It was 20 years before this was made public and then the building code was updated? What if another structure was designed and built without considering quartering winds in that time?
If I understand correctly they only relied on calculation of a few simplified cases (perpendicular wind) and did not use a wind tunnel on a model in the first place? Why? That sounds insane, if it is a type of simulation that was readily available.
so it was his fault, how is that man not fired?
Why do they only after the news article change the code🤦‍♀️
Something here I cant get my head around.. If the issue was Diagnonal wind hitting hard, why o why not place a curvature alluminum siding along all diagonals?  Less hassle, quick and easy..
Every how many years does the storm hits?
how many years?
every how many years?
"why would anybody think of diagonal winds??" -_- me literally 30 seconds into the video being like hmmmm what about angled winds 🤔🙄
Do you remember when you had me change every single screw on the exterior of the hospital😂😂😂
Why would anyone not consult the designer about changing welds to bolts
I just love those videos. But could that happen with modern simulation software ? I mean u put your structure in the tool then simulate all the kind of winds.
16:17 why are these being subtracted?
So for close to 2 decades (~27:00), they were ok with other buildings being built all around the world without safe "building codes checks" on quartering winds? Their conscience was ok with that?🙁
I now need to know how SpiderMan was factored into this.
Could the TMD on top produce electrical energy in a manner similar to wave generators ?
Wait that toilet block was a CHURCH? THAT was what they replaced that beautiful architecture with??
I'm more intrigued as to why it is OK to have a single person vet the design for the whole thing. Like, yes I know he had a whole team with him to kind of check the calculations but. Couldn't we have a group of engineers to collectively take responsibility for the design via some sort of unanimous vote? Idk, relying on a single person seems kind of outdated and relies on the old "masterman" philosophy.
Wait wasn’t this discovered by a Princeton student, so this not accurate, tell first how it was discovered.
the "old church" looks 100x better than the new one... what even is this? A nuclear shelter? Metro entrance?
18:54 come on man it happens to be 67?
This video extended a question that can be answered in 1 min into 30 mins. What on earth
A very well-done video, and a fascinating story. The one thing that puzzles me is that it appears that Mr. LeMessurier may not have visited the construction site, at least during any of the bolting process. Whether that's unusual or not, I don't know.
Why are all these comments about him making mistakes. He didn’t.
New Question, How hackable is the stabeliser?
They call that in the usa a church? I must be to european for this...
Depending on the condition of that church, was it salvageable or not.
How many times are you gonna say the word "so" in the beginning of sentences throughout the video? At least 100 times you've used it.
Wait, what? Aren't you based in Los Angeles? You have to pay roaming charges when you go to New York? Tell me this was just unintended miscommunication during that add... I can visit just about every nation in Europe and pay exactly what I pay back home... I hope Americans can travel inside their own country without having to pay roaming charges and changing SIM-cards...
There's another question that would have saved wtc1, 2, and 7
Does the same chevron design ever used again on another project?
LeMessurier, surely he visited the building whilst under construction and noticed the 131' chevron beams were merely bolted? This story has been spun to inch of its life. 17:00 "Then it turned out they had done something else". Only 4 bolts apparently and clearly someone else's fault.
So did that guy lose his job?
How many years does a storm strong enough to destroy the building come around?🧐🧐
Side winds? What about side airliner?
18:53 How often did the storm happen again? 🗣🗣
When they were designing this building why didn't they have their figures and plans checked by another source or expert a second pair of eyes something that's important you figured you would want it looked over two or three times to verify that mistakes weren't made or left out
The real question is did they Geoengineer hurricane Ella to steer away.
as an engineering student I was always getting trouble for asking questions
Why he was praised?? He didn't  even consider it was a mistake until the student phone call...
WAS it an "old, crumbling, Gothic Church?"   Really?  A stone structure no more than 150 years old?  That church stood between someone and a giant profit to be made.
I would be ok if no one ever would build such tall structures.  I have a serious fear of heights. Can we stick to building 5-story sky scrapers, please?
How the hell did this monstrosity get approval? Every engineer & architect overlooked NUMEROUS flaws of the design? What kind of idiots are in charge of these things?
why are they calling him Lemejur? americans never show respect to other languages.
Storms have been getting worse haven't they? What are the chances now?
That piece of rock is a "church" ? ... they demolished a gothic style church for that..
The dampening thing and seperate layer construction wasn't totally new to buildings. Central tree trunk pendulum dampened pagodas have survived for a really long time. Relatively earthquake proof. And wind proof.   I guess the rooves or structures on separate layers may have helped the wind shear!? I don't know. I'm not actually in-depth here.
Wait, telecom network is bad in Manhattan?
How was it with Airliners?
"Why just have one notch?" Hubris strikes again.
i wonder how much this story would've change if the church wasn't there
every 67 years?
Moral of the story, never be afraid to ask questions.
19:11 so does the TMD work on power? i didnt understand the story every 67 years part
Why would Davenport remain quiet? Do these people have no scruples?
My first thought was how does it support diagonal force... how was that never considered in the original design.
For anyone else like me that doubts and winces at Derek's pronunciation of LeMessurier,  William James LeMessurier Jr. (/ləˈmɛʒər/; June 12, 1926 – June 14, 2007) was an American structural engineer. He worked on the Citicorp Center, Boston City Hall, the Singapore Treasury Building and the Dallas Main Center. He is known for having to reassess his calculations during the Citicorp Center engineering crisis.
the name of the structural engineer is William LeMessurier. not Bill LeMessurier....how did Veritasium get this wrong?
Horrible decision making, any good business minded person would have ignored the questions and phone calls to claim plausible deniability and leave the contractors liable.
They replaced that beautiful church with that cement block? M'kay ... The US sure does know how to erase history.
I dont get it... if he designed as welds, and the people on site used bolts, hows this guy liable?
Is this the building used in the movie "Margin Call" ? I remember a roof-top scene that could look like it was on that building.
I really wonder who the person was that thought "the design says we need welds... nah let's just do bolts, I'm sure I don't need to double check this or anything". I know nothing of engineering or architecture but it seems that a change like that needs to be at least mentioned to the designer himself.
I like the narration but can we stop seeing the producer guy?
Why would you get rid of a beautiful looking church like that though!??!? Replacing it with this ugly ass boring nonsense that doesn't even remotely look like a church
And that question was "what's the deal with airplane peanuts?"
Owing up to his mistake? What mistake? The fault was on the contractor that changed the plans
I’m not a structural engineer, but this was an amazing story!!! I do question the ethics of not telling the people working in the building about the possibility of it collapsing.  People should have their own agency in making these decisions.
9:05 so is he an engineer or not?
Wait, that BUNKER is the church?!?
Why did they replace the beautiful old church with this monstrosity?
Please tell me Henry is related to Dick 🙏🙏
I wonder how many engineers just shrugged it off for some other buildings.
Wait, let me know if I’m getting this wrong, but they weren’t ready for hurricane Ella and they still didn’t tell people about the building? Does this sound like that was the right to have done?
OK, so we see that this building is now safe. My question is about that sinking and leaning  building in San Francisco? From what I can learn about it, the foundation piles were not dug deep enough to reach bedrock, but rather half were to rely on friction in soft soils to hold the building up. Once the building was completed, it became clear that something was not working properly and the building has developed a lean as well as settled and is continuing to settle. I don't think that anyone is prepared to take charge and come up with a proper solution before the next earthquake strikes San Francisco!  Expect that building to be a key player in any earthquake that strikes San Francisco.  Mark from Melbourne Australia
Kind of makes me wonder how many death trap buildings are out there with mistakes that no hero came out to announce.
How does a top engineer who has his own firm possibly, and consults on building integrity and even lectures and understands physics not facture in his calculations non static conditions of freaking skyscraper? That's like a cattle farmer not realizing that cows can wander of when they graze so he doesn't install fencing. If I were the city I would review every bit of construction he was ever involved in.
srsly - what was the question? 10 minutes excursion and explanation for 4 year olds...  Tell us the problem, and and then the question asked.
Dianne, thank you for being one of the many women in history that ask the damn questions!!!
Why does 60s people hate gothic architecture so much ??
An architect with the name lemeasure?
18:53 how many years?
Everyone is saying that it's good that LeMessier owned up to his mistake, but wouldn't the building have been structurally sound if his blueprints were followed and they decided to weld the beams instead of bolting them? Am I missing something?
They broke into to their tenants offices and moved around furniture without consequences?  Some companies might have sensitive data in their offices that someone might have seen during the repair.
I just want to know how they welded those plates on.  They showed the beams with the big feet(?) where the 2 beams meet.  Then those feet(?) disappeared and a big metal plate was there.  I assume those feet can’t just be removed to make the surface flat, so what did they have to do?
Diagonal wind force is 1.4  I wonder if it's a coincidence that measuring a square diagonally is about the same
It is really confusing when there are three different kinds of tons. short ton, metric ton and imperial ton and all of them are called as ton.
21:55 basically the domino effect?
How A Student's Question Saved This NYC Skyscraper*
How did he have any idea not to answer the phone when NYT was calling even though that was before caller id. came out?
Why wouldn't he know what his own company was doing?
Changing titles again dude? Is it really worth trashing your reputation for some extra views like this?
What was the question
At a certain point, I wonder what's worth it. Even as an artist myself who is obsessed with beauty and aesthetic, I would just be way too stressed to design buildings if they weren't 1000% structurally sound enough to withstand even 110 km/h winds...I'd rather have a bunch of classic looking buildings anyway ;-)
Couldn't they just build the tower on a 45° to keep the stilts on the corners?!
how about building a smaller building? like.. that would be the easiest thing to do but they didn't think about that very long.
Wasn't it one of his students that figured it out?
21:47 what kind of dumb question is that? Do you know what happened on 9/11?
You couldn't just restore the old church? Another thing ever church in the US is a baby compared to most in Britain and Ireland.
110 k? We use Imperial here in the States.
18:57 Every 67years? 67?!
no mention of the Grade steels used or of the Bolts??  How do you reverse Calc without those vitals??
Could they use this block to produce electricity?
Why not construct the building so that the church is on side of the building, not the corners
Why would you not check wind shear from every direction? And specify welds instead of bolts? Another so called "expert" out done by a student.
My only question is how do you build a building over another building. Yes I am the owner of building A floors 1 and 2. Building B is owned by someone else but occupies the same space.
18:55  Bruh. How is this number so common?
How would he be ruined if the contractor and the firm messed up?
I have question though, why did they decide to put the whole building on stilts when only one corner was needed to be cut out for the church? Why not just beams in the corners for the other corners?
Could all of this have been avoided by only cutting off the one corner for the church and  ot all four? Why was that done anyway?
1:43 erm… someone explain the logic
At 18:59 and 20:43, why is the loss of electric power relevant to the operation of the TMD, if the TMD operates by springing a large mass?  Why is electrical power important?
People didnt think of diagonal wind? How in the world was that outside of their train of thought when designing a building? When has wind only came from 4 directions?
I wonder if it would collapse into its own footprint
The question is. How many skyscrapers worldwide are not safe? As long as there are greedy businessmen, and corrupted governments that can hide anything for any sweet deals or even just for the sake of their own image, there will be plenty of "dangerous" buildings. Not just skyscrapers.
If they were welding them on both sides of the brace, how did they weld the outside since it’s on the edge of the building all that would’ve had to been done working off of a platform and they didn’t remove the glass and set up a float out there and get all that done before morning..????
What i would like to know is how exactly is the floor not collapsing with that gigantic 400 ton block on it .
this is VERY similar to episode of Numb3rs - wonder if this was this building's history/story was the inspiration for it.
18:55 how many years?
Did I miss something? Why does the tuned mass damper require electricity?
IS THAT A SKYSCRAPER ON STILTS?
Religion getting in the way again?
What do you mean welds, boss? We used mostly chewed bubblegum and silly putty. For the lulz.
Are ads annoying af on purpose?
Why did they take so long to weld the beams? Should have just gotten more crews and got it done….
What I want to know is whether it's legal (or still legal) to replace one type of fixing (eg welding) with another type of fixing (eg bolts) without informing the engineers and architect. How can people get away with that?
Never mind the engineering, did anyone mention how butt ugly it was?
Is it just me, or does it seem a bit worrying that when it comes to miscalculations and catastrophic choices it’s always the US we’re talking about. (Yet they would always claim to be the best in everything everywhere all the time)
Wait. I thought that all buildings in New York don’t topple, they implode on themselves and drop straight down.
Weird that he didn't oversee these details at the time - for a building that was clearly right on the edge of load viability, and therefore where all construction details like bolts and welds would matter. And then once they knew the 1/16 risk, don't you evacuate building immediately to do the work, not do it in secret?
This is off topic, but i really like the jacket the man is wearing at 1:20 anyone know where i can find it?
Why didn’t they just take it down and have someone else rebuild it back up some billionaire invest don’t “semi fix” this issue by doing engineering tricks
I wonder if the student was thanked
My question is why wouldn’t you have caught this sooner in the planning phase of the building.. you only measured the wind on the faces and not the corners originally?? Usually when planning you measure the wind currents in all angles.
Why would anyone tear down a beautiful gothic church??? And old? Like what, 150 years?  That's not old.
A domino effect from this building falling meanwhile two way more massive buildings in the busiest of New York fall in 2001 and only one other building falls? 🤔
How is it allowed to keep this a secret for so long gambeling with lives like this?
Maybe don’t design a skyscraper on stilts.
Why use kilometers per hour!! This is the United States not Europe.
Why does this guy have the cuffs on his leather jacket rolled up?
But the guy really never went on the construction site? Its quite a difference between bolts and welding
Is his name La Measure? Haha
i have failed my structural engineering course thrice (finally passed lmaoo) and even i know that we have to take a safety factor even after calculating all the loads...why tf would the firm engineers would not take the safety factor when calculating the bolts. in construction, you always follow the code (yeah theres a standard code in my country atleast, which specifies the safety factor for everything).  like what were the engineers thinking?   probably wanted to cut the cost
400 ton block, doesn't make the building collapse from the top down???? Hmmmm???? Coincidence, I think not.
Whats the background music that play at the very end of the video?
Hold on a minute, so laborers were secretly allowed to enter a building in NY, and address beams throughout and this was kept a secret?  iykyk
The number of bolts rounded down? Wtf?
What is it with anglophon you can’t prononce a guys name properly LeMesurier you all say LeMesur how about: IER those 3 last letter are not silent
I'd like to know how those hideous eyesores known as the Twin Towers were ever allowed to be constructed in the first place.  Thankfully, the US government saw fit to have them deconstructed, albeit with a little help from subcontractors based in the Middle East.
Is there a link to his lecture somewhere?
How?  Property rights uber alles.
Very interesting video! Thanks! But why was Le Mesurier's name mispronounced every time? You can't just take a few of the letters and think that's long enough.
You call that a church?
Ethical thinking. Is it still alive?
So, nobody got the idea of calculating winds before they built that thing?
The scary part is that with the increasing sophistication of architecture, how many other miscalculations have gone undiscovered?  ... or UNDISCLOSED???
LeMessurier? Bro what are all these names of people😂 As if Goodenough wasnt enough and Goodyear didn't already seal it 🤣🤣🤣
What if they create something like a wind tunnel at various floors, which will allow the wind to simply pass through the building instead of the building fighting the wind force?
What if Le Messurier had gone ahead with his idea to drive into a Maine Turnpike abuttment? It might have 'solved' his problem, but would have left the waiting catastrophe unsolved.
Sir, why did you stop coming to the office? Citycorp president: I like to work from home.
10:20 do they generate any electricity from this?
am i the only one thinks its hilarious that lemessurier is the name of the architect
Did they check for eighthening winds?
how is this allowed,? arrogance ignorance and money.  next question.
So, has NYC had 100+ MPH winds since 1978?  Am curious if we ever have tested the retrofit?
Anywhere Democrats run stupid things happen; mystery solved.
Look at Japan's ancient 5 story pagodas and then ask yourself who is the father of mass damper technology.
Why does the young Mr Vandyck constantly smile (without any context for it )?  This is  a modern-day tic. I just don't see what's potentially humorous about limits of structural integrity!
It doesnt really sound like his mistake. He had them fully welded and someone else went cheap.. How is that his fault?
Why the F### didn't they rotate the tower by 90 degrees using the same columns in the same position they are now?
I mean, it's good that they didn't bury the whole thing until it collapsed but I can't help but notice that the NYC regulations regarding quartering winds were only changed AFTER news leaked it, decades later. So this is something that should have been revealed once the danger of panic was over (i.e. after it was fixed) rather than kept under wraps.
wait, "each night the engineers would enter after everyone left"? did they just keep using the kamikazi building before fixing? look the work itself is amazing, and anyone makes mistakes, but i fail to see how a simple "let evacuate the building, saying we are adding some new and better features, we just need your collaboration", common "city corp evacuation plan" sounds like a fallout vault lore.
Where is Diane’s award?!
Wonder if it would have passed quartering winds and wind tunnel testing had the original (planned) welds been place though the straps are best. Yet someone wanted to save more money and cut cost with minimal bolting. I had an old timer tell me, back in the day, things were over engineered as a standard, yet not today.
Did the family come up with that horrid Anglicized version of their name?
"Do you think thats wise,  Sir?"
22:00 nobody thinks of making skyscrapers close to each other like a bad idea? like.. bad bad idea?
did someone say 6 7 years?
they replaced that beautiful old gothic church with an ugly cube?
Didn't richard watterson make this design?
so how 2x coloms holding all building and its weaght??
Cornering winds or Quartering winds?
Hey how was this allowed? Maybe its  CLOSE in proximity to 911 DISASTER?
Dude did the right thing and the company won't even talk about it? That's effed up. They should be championing this behavior.
Omfg what's 110 km/hr?!
What about Building 7
Just put some cinder blocks under it. And call it good?? 😎
How is this incompetent irresponsible bodger still in business?..  Putting tens of thousands of lives at risk to save his career....should be in prison
Should blame the architect for cutting all four corners just to please symmetry and aesthetic
How did it take them to built it ? If there was a hurricane the year before it was completed.
Who had the bright idea to change the welds into bolts?
Thank God for those two inquisitive engineering students who dared to buck one of the most powerful architectural firms in the States at the time, and ask some hard questions.
You’re telling me they were allowed to destroy a beauty of a church IN New York just to replace it with some minimalist ass building??
Why didn't they hire much more welders and construction guys? It took them 6 weeks or so to weld the 200+ joints, they could have done it in faster time if had much more teams of welders.
is that redheaded host by any chance related to Flat Top from the Dick Tracy comics?
Lamessurier? More like should measure
Who tf is this guy
@Veritasium Why is the 2D architectural plan still the most effective form of communication in architecture? Does it have to do with our evolution, with how we perceive the world??
So did LeMessurier himself sign off on the bolts and forget or did someone else who worked for/with him do it?
Has anybody mentioned the issue of ice chunks sliding off the angled top of the building and smashing to the street below? I remember that as being a problem but I'm don't know how it was addressed.
How they not told him about construction changes is mind blowing 🫤
Didn't Pete make this design in Two Guys, A Girl and A Pizza Place?
My favorite thing about stories like this is wondering how many other near catastrophe's we don't know about because they silently fixed/solved it to avoid causing a panic and the story about it just never came out.
Bruh wtf? Why is it dubbed now?
I can't be convinced not saying anything is ethical. Wouldn't it have been faster to evacuate the building and work on it in near constant shifts of possible given the danger? Being secretive slowed the repairs.
So we're giving pats on the back for correcting a mistake that would have killed thousands? Am I missing something?
Where is Diane Hartley?
Why did the 3 other corners need to be empty?
Am i the only one thinking that the gothic church was more beautiful that the block they built?
How come I immediately thought of diagonal wind just from seeing the building once, before even watching the video? I'm not any kind of genius, so how was it an oversight with the top engineers and architects in the world? You can intuit this from sitting on a chair..
Ngl I kinda still have my doubts about the integrity of that structure
0:15 - that little flaw in the design is just coming to him now?? 🫢 Nobody better sneeze!
Uhm.. force measured in tons? Gives me tingles ;)
Diane Hartley?
so my D is tuned mass dampering?
Roaming charges? Since when has that been a thing in the USA
Afchitecture student here, I wonder why they didnt go for a triangular floor plan to work together with the church instead of dealing with this self made problem. Plus that church was really beautiful, it's a shame they didnt think so
why is an american using km/h to describe wind blowing against a building in Manhattan?
How would you even go and demolish that thing safely bruh
What if the braces had been welded instead of bolted?... Would that kind of connection withstand strong angular winds? Would Bill have calmed down or still dug into the problem?
They actually tore down that beautiful Gothic church for that ugly blob looking monstrosity??
If he recommended welding and they used bolts instead, how is that his fault?
... Wasn't there an architect student who discovered the flaws???
There's an apartment nearby CRUMBLING?? from the heavy rains. Im so scared of apartments now lol
The gothic church made that whole street nicer. WTF is that block?
13:37 *how is it even POSSIBLE he could have gotten that 'phone call' on a land line phone like that wing NO CHORD on the phone?* it's simple: he was insane & was talking to no one on an empty phone (Tyler Durden style)
im not getting how hes a hero?  he screwed up royally  and didnt even realise his screw up could have killed thousands until a student spotted the flaw.  then he kept his mouth shut and seriously considered not telling anyone before finally consulting his lawyers and then telling his clients hed built them a building that could collapse.  how that heroism?  the alternative was keeping quiet and spending the rest of his life in jail when it fell down.    not the kind of ethics to be applauding.
It's worth asking if the managers of a present day company would accept the responsibility for a blunder like this or just keep quiet in the hope that nothing will happen until they're long gone.
Why did the TMD need power? I thought the swaying of the building set it in motion at which point it does its thing?
old crumbeling church?? and they replace it with what?
How does that pass inspection???????.......
0:20 Why hadn’t he already calculated that.
Makes you wonder how many other skyscrapers there are where they didn’t make the right ethical choices
Ask these guys what they think about 9/11
Hi, so I'm sorry, I have a question regarding wind speed. I used to work on a ship and we always talked about wind in meters per second. Is it common for engineers to instead use the km per hour measure?
Why is planning approval given for obviously dangerous structures in NY?
I don't get how this is seen as a good example of ethics. To save face they did the reinforcements in secret which led to a longer time frame and raised the risk of it getting hit by a hurricane. The structure was so unsound there was no ignoring it anyways.
What is bedrock ?
thumbnail question was 'how was THIS allowed?'  Answer: the Jews
Compare this story to the Oceangate Titan tragedy, or the Tacoma Narrows Bridge collapse, and you appreciate the importance of a student asking a question even more.
LeMesurrier: Ask calmly  Ask What?...
How was this allowed? New York's Corrupt Democrat Politicians.
What is this Kelvin metres per hour unit you use at 19:03 & 19:20? 😊  Sorry but you triggered one of my pet hates, and in a story featuring engineering communication no less!  Of course it's a minor blemish on an otherwise great job, as always.
Still standing? Or already fallen apart? The structures that WILL fail never tell when they fail. Here in the Netherlands several parking garages have spontaneously collapsed and balconies are falling of apartments by the month. Happy hours.
So how many buildings are currently standing whose designer DIDN’T own up to the mistakes?
So take out the corner solid foundation of the church? Don’t you need that according to Bible????
Why do we do dumb things like this? Religion
Nearly every comment is about the church and the death of great architecture, but why did they switgch from welds to bolts at all?  That was stupid., it was done for speed and convenience, they were cheap. That's all.
Wasn’t it an engineering student studying the building who discovered the problem? I can’t recall her name, but then the engineer in charge basically blew her off and was like “pfft, what do you know, I’ve been doing this for years, I know what I’m doing.”
"How did this happen?!?" Because the wealthy can do most whatever they want after you. You account for all exploits, loopholes, and practical realities, and they ultimately cannot be overseen. We live in what's called a dictatorship of capital, and you have to rip out the underlying system to fix these problems.
Here's the question no one is asking.  While it's great that quartering winds are now calculated on plans for new buildings, how about all the existing buildings?
You mean it would have fell over not drop into it's own footprint like the WTC?
Could a skyscraper collapse and 90% of its occupants disappear? Their bodies never recovered?
imagine if that student didnt start off the questioning! -- and then the guy finds they didn't wield but used bolts!
Fancy a game of Jenga?
May be He is testing building strength 😂
Was this building and the different wind directions the inspiration for an episode of Numb3rs?
5:58  Why blue ones in the compression and the red ones in tension, is it not vice versa according where the arrow pointed?
Seeing this makes me wonder if other buildings in NYC have mistakes like this, just no one looked at their process as close.
24:20 What's the name of the caller!?
why didnt they shut the building down and repair it more quickly?
Wasn’t suits filmed here ?
Who paid for all the repairs, evacuation planning, etc?
Kilometers????? Wtf is a kilometer!!??? You’re talking about an American building in an American city…. Speak English goddamnit!!!! Stop sprinkling in your commie innuendo…….😠🤑
How is this taught as ethical behaviour?
So instead of fixing that gorgeous church, they made this ugly blob? Wtf
US still using letters mailman do you know what country that don’t even have a mailman anymore
Why is there not a biographical historical drama thriller made from this!?
This is where the suits series shot right?
Wait hang on, so, the only conceivable reason he didn’t own up to everything and reveal the real risk and evacuate people straight away was to save his own skin. He (and Citicorp) took a risk not with their own life but that of other people and somehow the guy comes out looking like a hero for fixing this ? Am I crazy or is that just sheer selfishness and corporate greed at its best, somehow still glorified into messiahs
So the team designed a new kind of skyscraper for New York but didn't do wind tunnel tests until after it was built?  Am I understanding that correctly?  Or was the video somehow misleading about whether those tests had been done before beginning construction?
Wait a minute. Buildings topple like dominos? Who knew? *edited for spelling
Here's my analogy:  A snake has a backwards facing skeleton. Its bones have arthritis. It is swallowing a sword balanced by a jewel. It is balancing on weirdly positioned stilts.  My question:  Everybody in the circus assumes wind from a weird angle could blow the snake over. But the show has been going on for so long, the land under the big tent has changed. In fact, the entire town is sinking, and likely not evenly.  If there is to be a lynchpin to this stunt, it is the jewel that swings the sword against where the feet of the stilts wants to be, rather than how arthritic bones wishes not to sway? In this, I think a long-duration earthquake, not necessarily of any magnitude, will comedically trip the snake, as though it had slipped on ice? A clean fall, to say the least.
Why does this guy from Veritasium look so similar to Rowan Bettjeman??? Are they related?
LeMessurier? with two S's? this guy cant even spell his own  name ;)
Why can’t they make movies about stuff like this? Why is reality so much more interesting than fiction
17:11 why would you round down the required amount of bolts? that doesnt make a whole lot of sense even if you calculate with safety.
0:15 winds of "just" 110kmh? What you mean just
Wasn’t it a student doing her thesis who discovered it?
why wasnt the CN tower listed as the tallest building? it was completed and opened in 1976
No way, a bank literally asked a church if they could buy it out, bulldoze it and make more money stealing from millions of people
If no reinforcement had been added, when would the building, in retrospect, likely have collapsed?
Exceptional results (the new design) require exceptional evidence (peer review).  A innovation like this requires formal peer review - a Team B - to critically assess and question every decision. Money should not have been the only consideration.
Stark choice? “Stay silent and hope for the best”?
the attitude that people don't need to know is always questionable.
Isn’t the Island part of Manhattan Long Island sinking because of the enormous and tremendous amount of weight from the buildings ?
Anyone wonder why the church had to stay in he exact same spot? Hmmm
You don't need  to be an architect or a structural engineer to see how flawed the building design is.   The question is, How could these experts be so stupid?
10:13 is it edible?
Why would you replace a gothic church with a special corner piece lego block?
I’m so royally confused about who had the phone call about the wind with Bill LeMeasure? Was it Diane Harpy or was it Lee DeCarolis? The video was extremely confusing about this part at the end.
This makes me wonder how many other buildings are ticking time bombs where the fatal flaws just never got accidentally discovered.
What do you call a person  with the  lowest passing grade on the engineering exam?   Engineer
Also...had he never played jenga?
Why did an engineer not notice the welds were missing?...did he never go to site?... that was his original mistake
Wasn’t it some female doctoral student that brought it up to him?
Why does everyone say it's his mistake? His design said to weld it. Other people deviated from that. Sure there were some things he didn't consider, but he didn't need to for the original design.
The new church looks suspiciously designed to survive a building collapse
How is diagonal strength not the first thing you think of when you remove the corners...
Its my sixth time watching this video and each time, 1 question arise in my mind, that after the repair did the building ever got hit by any strom like ella or stronger?
Did the contractor pay for the error/omissions?
I don't know if magnitude 9 earthquake will hit that city.😂
Old crumbling Gothic Church? That thing was so beautiful and would likely have lasted longer than this tower. 😢
I saw this from the thumbnail and immediately thought it looked like a giant popsicle 😭  Doesn’t exactly scream “structurally sound.”
Ok, so I got a serious question: Didn't the relevant authorities check the designs for any faults, before giving their approval? I mean, no one man should take such a big responsibility on his own... I am really curious about how the permitting process works (or used to work, back in the day) in the US...
what does he mean at 17:15?
i thought the damper system was done in Japan for like.... centuries already?
This story makes me wonder… how many silent fixes, last-minute saves, or swallowed truths are behind the world’s biggest structures? Feels like there’s a hidden history beneath every skyline.
Ew. That ugly grey block is a church? I thought it was some kind of utility structure, like subway ventilation or sewer pumps.
Yes, how?
The church is mock-Gothic, not Gothic, and it can't be old.  Nothing in New York is old.  If it's crumbling it was badly built in the first place or has been horribly maintained.  Real Gothic churches built in the 12th-14th centuries are not crumbling, as long as their roofs have been maintained.
how do you think it was allowed ? plans and drawings and engineering documents were submitted to the city for a permit just like every other building idiot
How much cocaine were they doing when they designed this building?
Solving a problem? or created a problem and sloving it?
If the braces are experiencing both tension and compression back and forth over time, what about the issue of fatigue?
There's an interesting aspect on the issue that is: Why do the contractors propose the alternative? In construction contracts contractors aren't automatically entitled to saved cost, so the client could really just tell the contractor to fxxk off and pocket the money saved. So either the contract encourages cost saving or they have made an agreement to share the savings, but that also brings out the problem where contractors could in theory propose unbiuldable methods to cheat the system, so contracts usually forbiddens any deviations from design, and the client must first agree on the proposal to make it legal, so then the problem becomes if the client knows about the proposal, and whether they know the implications of it, though in either case the contractor and consultants are expected to know what they are doing, it's just the severity of the situation could vary depending on the contract.
A miscalculation of wind forces on this project is just one of several troubling aspects. As finished, both the church and skyscraper are exceptionally ugly, bordering on godawful. How do so many offensive mega-constructions get approved?? These are examples of clunky, ill-proportioned architecture that ignores human scale and the pedestrian experience. This pattern of development attends to the needs of multinational behemoths, with no regard for the surrounding urban fabric or the many succeeding generations who have to live with these monstrosities.       The most recurring story of American urban growth is one of selfish entrepreneurs striving to please investors, while treating the needs of people, the esthetics of the built environment, our legacy as a liberal democracy and simple daily issues of livability, like a box of disposable kleenex.
What date it will fall?
Would it have been ok if they welded it?
How was the experimental design not tested in a wind tunnel before, yet he did it himself with less resources? Seems like a massive oversight for a building that other engineers were looking at and thinking it was crazy/stupid. The hubris of this design put thousands at risk, for what reason?
who was the person who authorized the bolts vs the welding.
Makes me wonder and worry about a lot of the other buildings in cities where someone might cut a seemingly innocent corner here and there, not knowing that corner was the lynch pin for the entire structural integrity of the building... or architects/engineers who DON'T do the right thing.
Did anyone check, was there any media attention to the strike before the owners learned about structural weakness?
Wasn't this an episode on numb3rs
They had to actually construct the whole mess before they could figure this out???
Why don’t they just make skyscrapers round?
how could he miscalculate  LeMessurier-ments???
How about the windows, is there a problem with breakage?
Why didn't they make the building cylindrical to reduce the wind resistance and weight massively?
The idea of only have 4 bolts on the key joints is beyond me. Where was any redundancy? You always were required to have a 35% fudge factor meaning if the project requires 4 bolts there should be 6 or more so if one fails the whole thing does not go down. WTC towers were built with a 100% fudge factor meaning everything was 2x the size required.
I still have reservations about that building being safe, personally. It's inherently unstable, strengthwise, no redundancy built into it. Time will tell if fatigue degradation eventually attacks the frame.
He got praise for "coming forward" when he hid everything & repaired in secret? This is unethical as hell! He was only successful bc the hurricane went a different way + news strike. This is a story of astonishing luck, not ethics. 🤥
they destroyed that beautiful church for that brutalist abomination?
Another question is : how many structures around the world are built with design faults, engineering faults or substandard materials, that are or are not known about........................
How come there's never enough time to do a job right but there's always enough time to do it over??
How was it allowed? Somebody got paid off..
Why do you needed to emphasise the ''crumbling'' aspect  (at 1:36 ) if it was standing still and mantained?
God why did they replace that beautiful Gothic church?!?
I kind of am failing to understand why they wouldn't have spun the building's design on the plot by 45 degrees, and put the support columns on the corners. seems like that would have been the most simple solution to leave room for the church and also keep the 4 quadrant symmetry
1:47 where is the church????
So they destroyed a piece of art for that blocky building… ??
how much of this stock footage was taken from building big
Was it ever thought about an extremely high wind and an earthquake at the same time, since there are numerous faults in that area? Or another massive earthquake on the New Madrid fault of the Mississippi Valley like in the early 1800’s that broke windows in D.C. and rang church bells in Boston.
i dont understand why destroy the "old church" those gothic styled ones are beatiful like theyre much better than the brutalist ones
O something about that does not sound right like it does not make common sense
Why was quartering wind pressure not in the city’s building code? Winds were only assumed to matter face on to the widest part of the building and nobody checked the calculation from all directions that the pressure could come from? What about from above?
@veritasium If a building is cylindrical and has 1 meter wide spiral grooves around it like a a screw. Will the force of hurricane winds act on the grooves like the twisting of a screw driver, keeping the building stable?
I’m amazed he looked at it and didn’t measure the diagonal wind loads? I mean I remember seeing this building and thinking that looks unstable, they must have had a headache to compensate for diagonal wind. Cool building though.
Did Bill LeMessurier never heard of the 'L' shape building that could give the Church more space?
Did Canada save citicorp twice with wind-related incidents? Western is the University of Western Ontario, where the wind tunnel is, and then it seems the hurricane was deflected and maybe the shape of Atlantic Canada helped redirect that 200 kph hurricane. I've been inside the wind tunnel at UWO, and I think I may have met some of the engineers that helped this building back in the late 70s. I went to Discovery Western as a kid, got a shirt with a parody of the vw logo with "DW Engineers Wanted".
So it’s possible to conduct a secret operation to the beams of a skyscraper without ppl in it ever knowing?! Hm u could put “bandages” or … I don’t know thermite?!
How does the TMD functions @ corner winds? Sliding over the corner seems not possible.
Didn’t they make a movie about this
1:36 Could they have added more nonsensical words to those concerning the replacement of 'the old crumbling church'?
Maybe the same thing happened with the world trade center, only the architect had a different idea of dealing with it?
You want to kow the truth? the truth is that infromation was there first, which flips the script on everything, i found out why the unverse exists and its most fundamental law
How could they demolish the church? Craftsmanship and history bulldozed to be replaced with a concrete monstrosity.  I like when older building are left underneath new buildings seeing the past and the present working with each other
Wasn’t it his female student who discovered the flaw?
They couldn’t just revamp the church? That’s a beautiful gothic church that would be loved for ages. The new one looks….odd. No offense
Hi, how are Yall.. How can one put 400 T on top of a building that was or wasn't designed for that?! It's Alot of weight.. Thanks
Wasn’t it an engineering student who called them about it the first person who uncovered this?
I'm just wondering how many other buildings are facing such problems? What if they're unable to deal with it? Is it really safe to live in such city? WOW
Why does he look and sound like James Randi?
How was thid allowed? Like the millenium tower... money of course 😂😂😂
Church, is there anything it can't ruin?
how was it his fault when originally he wanted to weld the connections shouldn't the contractor be held accountable for this
Im convinced most those building have issues. Has anyone thought about long term how those buildings are going to last?
How WAS it allowed in first place?
Was there another alternative to secretly repair the skyscraper?  could they have evacuated it & then demolished it & create a new building in its place?  I suppose this would have been a huge cost though.  That church probably would have been pretty angry too.
Quite a story.  But I question the ethics of keeping such a thing quiet while they added the upgraded supports.
Is...isn't that how the dome in Santa Maria del fiore handles its weight more or less?
Does anyone know the current occupancy rate of the Citicorp building?
Why the 30th floor?
What if humans did complicated math in their head?
So just out of curiosity, have there been 110km winds in NYC since it was all fixed?
No way, was this really the first use of TMD’s ?!?!
So this whole mess happened because of the decision to use bolts instead of welding?
What happens when the damper can’t be maintained or repaired.
cool thanks, I think my video and audio skipped a couple of times?
What were they smoking when they came up with that design.. 🫣
Is this really the first modern building with tmd?
Wasn't it a student of his that brought it to his attention?
I might be out of context but the comment that a TMD has not been used in building before may not be right. Years ago while traveling in I recall visiting a ancient wood temple that had a massive log hung from the roof and suspended down it's center. It's purpose was to counter the effect of earthquakes on the temple. If my memory is correct that would be at least one example of a TMD being used in a terrestrial building before the Citicorp construction.
How is the error at all LeMessurier’s fault? He wanted the braces welded to begin with. Even if it had collapsed I fail to see where he has any culpability.
I was confused by the two guys having so similiar voice. And they also look similiar and have a similiar narration role. Are they the same guy? Im clueless.
Wait. Wasn't it an engineering student that noticed the flaw? Or is that a different building?
Is it moral to have hidden this to people?
ive a question it apperared in my physics exam and almost 50% students choosed a and 50 % choosed b heres the question: A coil in an ac generator is parallel to magnetic field lines at t=0 then till t=1 the coil has completed 2 rotations draw the graph of how the emf output from generator looks like FROM T=O to T=1. Does it look like a] two sine waves b]two cosine waves. Can u tell the correct answer
So WHY didn’t the SENIER ENGINEER (s) CHECK all the calculations done by HIS office? Ridiculous!
So it was fine, then? pointless video.
Is this video a repost of an older video? It looks so familiar…
Can you guys please explain to us how on earth all of Spain & Portugal lost power?
who the hell would replace a gothic church???? WITH A GREY BLOCK??? and then build that monstrosity beside it 😭😭😭
Have you ever heard of a kingdom that exists outside of time and space?
So what is the effect of a fire on those beams on the thirtieth floor ?
So they might have finished before hurricane season if they had also worked the day shift and didn’t bother with the secrecy, cleaning, drywalling? How is this guy still elevated for risking everyone again by staying quiet?
Can you do a video on the Venus project
Wind load measured in tons? Tension measured in tons? 😮
Old crumbling church??? That building looked a lot better than the cube they built...
After the 1993 WTC bombing and 9/11 I wonder if the bigger concern is how vulnerable that building seems to be to terrorism. Unlike very tall buildings not built on stilts, it seems like this would be comparatively easy to take out one of the legs and collapse the whole building. Something that surely wasn't planned for in the 1970s but would make me very wary to work or live in the area or in the building.
Isn't it more traditional to do the math before building the building?
This had been a beautiful structure in Minecraft but im not sure about IRL :O
20:00 oh is that right DAVENPORT????? GET HIMMMMMMM😂😂😂😂
I am not sure whether this kind of (positive) behavior is something we can count on in these times we live in ... :-(   Ethics seem to be rather low on people's priority list ...
They secretly repaired it at night so the workers wouldn’t know that their lives were at risk?!?! That’s awful.
Watching this i can't help bit ask why???? Just why???? Must yiu buidl that building?????
People jus keep complaining about the modern "church"... everything that has gone are always better.. why can't we jus appreciate what is there now?
14:45 Wreck havoc? How can you destroy destruction? That makes no sense. The expression is wreak havoc, meaning cause destruction.
Old gothic church? In the US? That isn't old. What a travesty.
The real problem was changing the design mid construction, if it were welded instead as planned, no issue
Why did they make the wind load side so flat instead of more aerodynamic like incorporate that chevron design convex towards the winds       🌬️<<| not that pronounced but slightly or even dimple the windows on that side for the effects of a golf ball ?!? IDK not correcting legit exp my ques lol
Interesting that one is allowed to build a building using new techniques that haven't been thoroughly verified in reality. What other field allows that?  (besides vaccines ;-0 )
Why couldn't they just build a building in a smaller space with a nice Gothic Church next door and even a garden with a water fountain? It's a sick drive to want to come up with massive works but then to also want to cut cost! Like City Corps needed money and had to skimp on bolts.
So structurally ugly
odd they didnt blow it up/burn it down for the insurance money... isnt that what "they" do with things like the titanic or that church... I think that one was symbolic too they do like their occult stuff/symbolism
Why are these type of animations always so horrible? People do not sway back and forth like that. I enjoy this channel's content but this cheap animation style will always irk me when watching pretty much anything that involves it. I would have preferred they don't move at all.
Wait, wasn't that video elsewhere?
Why didn't the rotate the building by 45degrees, so  that corners would be were the stilts are?
"old crumbling church"??? how old was it? Many european churches are older than NYC and they're far from crumbling
I just want to know how they got the massive block up there
They didn’t even account for quartering winds?? Ha
Why didn’t they just use crazy glue???
Lol why does the animation show the guy in a 24/7 state of pure terror. I highly doubt he was constantly grimacing lol.
Why does this channel get so lost in details?
Does anyone know what the blue elephant pin Eric Hines is wearing is about? 32:45
They wouldn't let you film inside? Cowards!
I've noticed something strange — 4 of your last 12 videos over the past few months all stop at exactly 6.7 million views. That seems like more than just coincidence. Any idea why that’s happening?
how is it more dangerous then regular floors? its the same support system
I thought some student figured out that the building was unstable and that SHE alerted them to the fact, not the engineer checking his old work.  Is this history being rewritten?
Hey thanks for the great videos.  Could you do some research in Brainfm and other similar apps and tell us from a scientific point of view whether they work or not?
why is it important that they ignored a female student? who was the guy who did suggest using the bolts?
Perfect number missing a building?.. Tetrahedron 3times 4
I thought this mistake was discovered by an Engineering student who did a thesis paper on this building ????
Can you please add more audio tracks.
Couldn't they have put the supports in the corners and rotate the whole thing 45 degrees? Do the buildings have to be parallel to each other?
IDK man that old crumbling church looked much better than the chisel head looking one.
Good engineering ethics? The building can collapse at any moment, but instead of warning the citizens and closing it for urgent repairs, they choose to secretly repair it for several hours at night. Only for the sake of preserving reputation and preventing paying compensation.
What stopped them from building 3 corner pillars and 4 middle-of-the-face pillars? Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't 3 corner pillars better than none?
So all of this because they wanted to save money using bolts instead of welding? And then they still had to go back to weld them anyway...
"Le Measure"? Pronounce the name properly
Is this the building from gremlins 2?
Would this still be possible today? My guess is the companies would get into a legal battle on who pays for the work. Until that's cleared, nothing will be done.
Can we get a veritasium on economics? I think a lot of people would benefit.
Why didn't they just add the 3 columns back? Church must've had some dirt on someone up in a high position
A napkin? Really?
But how is this upstanding ethical behavior when it was not publicly revealed for 2 decades, and who knows how many skyscrapers were designed in that period before the building codes were updated to include quartering wind calculation requirements? In what career or world would it be ok NOT to say something sooner than 20 years after the fact?
Why destroy that beautiful old church, why build something so ugly and why build over it instead of around it?
8:37 as an idiot, my question becomes what if the friction at the hinge changes over time? How can they measure that change?
Are these the same people who built the twin towers?
So, it could be a domino affect in 9 11?
Why do we even build buildings like this lol so unnecessary
Can you make a video on how you actually meet people who are experts in different fields? I mean, how do you approach them and ask for a video call or an interview? And how do you make them feel that talking with you is worth their valuable time?
How come Diane Hartley isn't even mentioned until the video is almost over?
I see, and was thinking - Near the end of the video you mentioned Taipei 101, probably the most famous example of a TMD. The whole time after you 1st mentioned  TMDs in the video I jumped to how about using for earthquakes. You mention this in Taipei commentary - So, yes, TMDs good for earthquakes too? Of course the force applied is at ground level; does this affect things? (eg/ Are movable masses (seems to always be mandatory) for wind TMDs always up high, whereas the movable might be at ground level for an e'quake survivable building?)
Why was he affraid the building would topple over neighbouring buildings? If 9/11 taught us something, it's that buildings always crumble on themselves like a house of cards.
Wonder whether there wiuld have been a different outcome if Citicorp refused to pay for the repairs, which realistically they could have done. Just because there was an initial higher price but they saved sime miney though different design doesn't mean they should have to wear the cost of mistakes in that improved design. So if Citicorp refused, I wonder what the engineer would have done ?
Got rid of the Gothic design? That's the better design.
Is it safe for quarter Airplanes?
1:05 does anyone know the name of the song plz
WHY DID YOU MAKE NO MENTION OF THE FACT THAT A GIRL WHO WAS AN ARCHITECTURAL STUDENT WHO POINTED OUT THE ISSUE IN THE FIRST PLACE ?
Isn't this the story where a female engineering student found the error?
IDK why this guy is a hero. They continued to use the building even after the fact.   No, it wasn't the moral thing. It should have received a vacate order from the DOB.
1 in 1000 year storm....according to calculations from how long ago? Wonder how many years that's down to today, with Climate change. The Dutch Delta Works are for 1 in 10.000 year storms. Americans are more down with risk in general i guess.
This case could have been the other way around, where the focus on maximising profits overlooked safety (welding replaced with bolts).  I wonder if that was the case; we may never know.
Isn't it mad that no one thought to calculate the wind from every direction?
As part of the deal they destroyed a glorious example of gothic architecture and replaced it with a 1940's Russian toilet block. wtf??!
How is he responsible for the builders using bolts instead of welding as planned originally?
try spring loading the hinge so it has another damper slowing it down at the top then tell us the spring rate per buildng mass
why did they replace their nice looking church by an ugly modern one? why not reconstruct it or reinforce it? and then american wonders why their cities look like crap
Why does the guy hosting this look so familiar?
1:40 WTF is that lol. That old gothic style church was beautiful.
Who was the megafool that designed such a mess in the first place?
What is 120 kph? 60 miles an hour? This is the us, not the stpid ass uk. Use us measurements
If climate change increases hurricane strength, are buildings designed to handle this?
you think china would have done this?
I'm surprised that this was the first use of a tuned-mass damper in a skyscraper. The concept was not new. The 1967 Chevrolet Camaro convertible had tuned mass dampers on the front corners to minimize body shake and the Garrard record changer I bought in 1974 had what was effectively a tuned mass damper in the form of a rubber mounted counterweight. It seems that thought of putting something like that 1,000 feet in the air just hadn't occurred to anyone yet, although I should add that the examples I mentioned were passive dampers and the one in the Citicorp tower, with the story mentioning backup generators,  seems to have been an active one.
I just wonder how the preassure from perpindicular wind is higher while area to which the wind is acting is way smaller than for quarter wind. And up to about 300 mph the shape is not a big factor just the area is a factor.
what are the chances? - a random call from an undergrad who just luckily decided to study the building for thesis. - a storm just suddenly decided to turn 90degree for no reason.
How does a bolt into an already sturdy beam or joint increase strength? Are all bolts centered around the joints, meaning all 14 bolts would be required at the joints? Would the steel itself between joints support this load? Thanks to anyone who can reply with insight.
I thought it wasnt the main structural engineer, but a student using it as a case study who found the shocking calculation issue?
A man named "LeMessurier" didn't measure? 🤦‍♂
Doesn't it seam logical to assume winds can blow from any direction...or is it just me?
Ok, I'm no structural engineer or architect, just a former welder and recent machinist. Am I the only one who thought replacing welds (which make several pieces of metal one if done correctly) with bolts posed more that the mentioned threat?? So if the bolts and holes weren't machined with INCREDIBLE accuracy, (maybe they were?) the beams could slide against each other creating a shear force on the bolts? And some devastating chatter when doing so (think cleaning a window)?  Also I would have never realized that even though winds blowing directly at the corners of the building make it seen more 'streamlined' with the way the thing is supported really just doubles the surface area for it to push on
Where are the Filipino fans? lol this song will be played 24/7 non-stop...
WTF is with the patriotic music over a story of American failure?
Whats the blue elephant on his lapel?
What's the difference between a surgeon and a structural Engineer? A surgeon only kills one person at a time.
Okay, but who decided to use bolts instead of welding it?
A press blackout AND a storm veering from New York??? God was with this man.
The animation isn’t AI, right?
I wonder why the tmd needs power isn't it mechanical?
Why aren't such high rises included with a ground 'wind suction which sucks in huge winds pressure constantly up to the sky😊much like a high rise wind tunnel free standing ( just think of how trains travel in tunnels, than made to stand rather than laid down 😅
Am I the only one who thinks the most criminal aspect of this story is the destruction of the original church?
I mean, it looks like none of this was Le Messieur's fault? Everyone always blames HIM, but it wasn't his fault at all...
So i have question, if they had welded instead of bolting it , would the quatering wind be no issue then ?
14:45 wreak? 🙂do we wreak havoc or wreck it, as wreaking means inflicting something bad, but wrecking something is breaking or ruining it. Wrecking havoc would mean to stop the havoc.     - A Grammar Cop
So is it the churches fault or the builders fault
What is it lately with content creators trying to shoehorn their producers and partners into their videos?  Sorry, I am just not into it.
Why were the flag poles removed from the front of the building between 2016 and 2017?
This video really makes me question 9/11
Is there any chance you could not put adds in the middle of the video. It's not fair for those of us that pay to have adds removed. Imagine paying for a pint of beer only to find the barman put a couple of units of water in your drink and you were not getting what you are paying for.
I don't get it, has something happend with this building recently or what? Suddenly I get like five diffrent "mini documentaries" as suggestion on Youtube about this building and all of them were made in like the last two weeks or so, why?
Why not just build at the 3 corners instead of being dumb and putting the columns in the middle? Life's hard enough without making things more difficult.
Wait so nobody's acknowledging the fact that he risked tens of thousands of lives in the name of 'panic'? He did the right thing to rectify the mistakes but at the cost of risking lives??? To me he doesn't seem to be the one who should be idolized. He should have informed the authorities and then maybe rectified his mistakes... The comments from the idolizers here would have been the opposite if things were just a bit different. Things could have gone wrong on so many levels... The people living and working there at that time were pretty lucky
did anyone bother to do any vector calculus for this or he was just playing it by ear/one dimensional algebra??
Any specific reasons why you would only pronounce half of he's name ? @veritasium
Geez. A 400 ton weight on the roof, above people's heads? What could possibly go wrong?
Good question i cant even build a house on property i own with out a million permits and city up my ass and my house will only hurt me if it falls
Makes you wonder how many older skyscrapers have flaws that nobody ever figured out !!
why is guy wearing lipgloss...
How do you secretly weld in an office? Melted (or molten?) steel sprinkles everywhere, you can't simply clean that off, it will leave a burn mark. Carpet has to be removed before, but the sprinkles even stick to glass. And then there are the fumes. Probably still noticable the next day but the main issue is the fire warning system in combination with fumes. Was it deactivated for welding? Was that approved, who signed that off? Did the insurance know about it,... I am not into conspiracy theories, but some bribes her, some leverage there, a job for the useless college dropout son there,.... can go a long way and is far cheaper then amitting a mistake and suffer the consequences.
I'm sorry did I hear correctly that this building will still fail at a 1 in 1000 year storm? That still sounds like an unacceptable risk to me. It should survive a damn tornado given the thousands of lives it might cost if it fails.
Why does the city not the do its job in controlling building safety? People should have been jailed for that.
Why didnt they rorate the building to be a diamond instead of a square? So the stilts will be at the corners
You gotta look into why all these guys have their ideas on a napkin, is it whilst eating we get our best ideas??
My question was who kept cheaping down the design? If LeMessurier only found out about the bolts years after the building was done, and never directly approved stepping down from welds, or he would have been aware at least, who kept making the decision to cheap out the design until it became a problem? Who kept overriding the original design without consulting the engineer? That's who should have been sweating.
wasent it a student that told him there was a major flaw in his desighn during costruction tho?
Skyscraper on stilts?  What could go wrong??
10:31 which lipgloss is it? Or is it just chips fat? 😊
Why does this not generate electricity
Any Dycks in your family?
When your last name is Le Measure, what else would you grow up to be !?
i am not a civil engineering student but i wonder how this building is going to survive in case of massive earthquake?
Shame the old church went and didnt get renovated, gothic architecture is amazing
Does the Tuned Mass Damper have perfect pitch? 😂
Can you squeeze anymore f'n ads in this episode? Jesus...
Stupid question: Couldn't they have simply built the whole building rotated 45 degrees so that the stilts would be at the corners?
Is Jesus knocking at the door of your heart?
Is this your opportunity for eternal salvation?
I've heard this story differently before? Hmm
Wait, this guys last name was French for “The Measure”?  Wow ironic
19:04 What is a Kelvin-metre per hour? Temperature induced torque rate? 😅
Wait a minute… what they did to the Gothic Church 😭
Why does the spire count to the building height on 70 Pine and Trump? Citicorp does at least have a proper structure there
Am I the only guy here who is uncomfortable with the idea of a skyscraper built on stilts that needs a 400 ton block of concrete on top to keep it from shaking itself to pieces? Thank you for reinforcing my decision to leave NYC for Wyoming long ago.
the Johnson and Johnson building in Racine wi is a totally cantilevered building;every thing is cantilevered off a central support column: the building was designed by frank Lloyd Wright, whenit comes to the braces on the citicorp bldg I wonder how the welds were checked for quality, were they radiographed or wre they magna flux checked:what type of quality assurance check was performed, were they even checked for quality?
Why didn’t they just rotate the entire skyscraper 45°?
Press strike , coaccidence ?
Serious question (this is probably one that has been asked before and has a simple answer), why not rotate the building 45° so that the columns are in the corners?
The church was destroyed, so what’s the point?
Did they even calculate the stress on the stilts properly?
Is this a re-upload?  I'd swear I've seen it before.
Wait, he's considered a good guy even though the building code didn't get updated until years later when the story was leaked?? Fixing the building is great, but hiding it could've easily lead to another building having the same design flaw and not knowing. Such secrecy cannot possibly be good ethics.
Is this a reupload or am I having a dejavu?
i wanna know who welded those chevron beams and how they turned out
How can anyone blame LeMessurier for the problem, when they changed out his design for welds, to bolts without consulting him. Seems like they're making him the scapegoat.
'just barely' stands as 'OK'. How about when criminal contractors use sub standard rebar and concrete? (State Audit Office in Bangkok)
Ask your professors questions. It may save a lot of lives one day.
I thought someone brought it to his attention???
Didnt a student find the flaw not the engineer? This is treating it like he found it himself
What kind of an idiot only uses kph in an American video about an American building
9:56 Is that guy in the audio background OK? Are his lungs still in his chest cavity?
what the heck is this new "church".... this new one is hilariously worse
Wtf why are you whitewashing such a clear case of corporate greed covering up a mistake that was endangering all the people working around. The real right thing to do was: evacuate and fix. Not fix silently
This begs the question, how many other buildings are in the same situation and we dont know?
That incomprehensible graphic on the title page, how was that allowed?
i've never built a skyscraper before but it seems like the engineer should have been involved on something as fundamental as whether to use bolts or welds. how is that decision just delegated to someone else?
Why did he pick the square root of two? I will never understand math
Didn't a modern NIST study suggest that the building was likely to be fine even without the retrofitting?
Ugh, they replaced gothic architecture with ... I don't know what to call that. A bunker?
Omg, why did you name the Sears Tower Willis when referring to it in tallest buildings in the world 1977? At 10:50 Dislike, Unsuscribe!
3:30 - couldn't those idiots have turned the entire building 45 degrees clockwise before laying the cornerstone? Make it <> rather than [_]?
27:13  now I wanna know what would have hapened if the hurrycane hit.
If Americans wouldn't be so stuck in with their rectangular city blocks and aligned buildings, then you know, why not just build an ordinary, stable, well-known skyscraper but position it at a 45 degree angle...
I’m curious how he didn’t know they bolted instead of welded the beams. I would assume if you designed a huge project like that you would be onsite every now and then to watch your vision come to life and notice that detail.
why dangerous ???
what is with using km/hr when describing wind speeds? this is America we use mph
How would you build a skyscraper with no structure at the edges and assume diagonal winds would have no effect?!?!
In 1981, a 23 story building was opened in Hartford, Ct. It had a few floors on the ground and then an opened space. Supports came from the center and went out at a diagonal to the edges of the building, like the "chevrons" here. You can look through the supports and right through the middle of the building. Right before they opened they thought "is this safe?" So they put pallets of weights in different positions in the building and took readings. They deemed it safe and opened. It's 40 years later and it's still there.
What if you do a video on if it’s possible to make a black led?
So why don't they use the damper motion for energy production?  Or would it just not produce enough to justify the cost?
I can’t stand selfish people. Prioritizing money, pride, or some “architectural vision” over basic safety? That’s not bold, it’s reckless. Thousands of lives were at risk, and for what? A dumb design and a corner-cutting budget.
It's wild to me that they changed the connections from welds to bolts without consulting the engineer, on a novel building like that. I also wonder why you would make your job so much harder by cutting every bottom corner of the building, but at least everything went well and good lessons could be learned from this.
Willis Tower in 1977?
Didn't they fear 9/11?
How were they able to allow people to work in that building when they were fixing it??? That is crazy
idk why did not just decide to build the skyscraper diagonally so the columns stay at the corner..
No site visits to inspect the joints. He really didn't know until after the building was completed? The design drawings had welds but the the as-builts had bolted joints and this didn't reach the original design team?
How did they figure all this out in 1978, before they had brains?
I'm skeptical its even safe now.. that design is just sketchy.
Long Run Vs. Short Run
Maybe god turned that hurricane around but maybe not because i bet he hates New York.
Most of the skyscrapers are designed to withstand earthquakes of 7.0. What happens when a 7.5 or 8.0 hits? I live in Bangkok,  in a twenty- six story building that swayed significantly in the recent Myanmar earthquake, which measured 7.7. The epicenter was more than six hundred miles from Bangkok. Had it occurred fifty miles away, buildings here would have collapsed, and so many would have died. This city is built on soft soil, so the movement is magnified.  It's just a matter of time before a quake, stronger than the designers of these buildings calculated for, hits a big city, and a massive destruction occurs.
Great investigative journalism!
Hmm, workers entering the building at night and altering the columns without anyone noticing. I think I've head that before, but in that case it wasn't about rescuing the building
What about usage and unplanned or illegal changes on the structure? American's are closest proof we have of Darwin's evolution theory!! We are now studying a sub-regression theory based on you!  Vanguardist!!
But why? Why take such a risk as the foundation of a structure? Of not only this project, but also the projects next to it that such a large domino piece could set off with a wind once every ... years, as is explained well in this video. Why remove ALL four corners?
I don’t understand how his firm didn’t THINK to get approval from  Lemessiuer to opt bolts instead??!!
So he is a "hero" because he fixed his mistake that could kill thousands of people? It`s not "ethics" and a choice :)
How was it even possible to have a confidential 10 block evacuation plan?
Why didn't the church move??? What's the big deal if you are really worshiping  there.
Now I wonder how many other buildings are at risk
Didn’t one of his students find the issue?
How come no body is making a joke about "Le Measure" 😂
Why are the stilts inset in the drawings, even mentioned as an issue, but on the outer edge in all the pictures?
0:10 Cutting edge? More like cutting corners.
this is the building Suits tv shows's offices are right??
110 kelvin meters (Km)?  How about following the SI . . .
Wasn't the issue identified by a female grad student?
@21:30 I know most don't understand but how did they clean up the smell from welding?  The offices would have stank so badly.,
How were they allowed to do this ?   Money
I don't understand why they were so insistant on keeping the church in the same place.  Like if they wanted to keep the origonal building sure, that would make sense, but since they knocked that down anyway, moving a couple blocks away would have made little difference!
The one part of this story that's weird to me is the notion that hiding it from the public was a moral action and not intended to cover the people involved. If the building was at such imminent risk of killing thousands and destroying huge amounts of property, then isn't the moral thing to tell everyone, evacuate the area, eat the costs of disrupted business and housing evacuees in hotels and motels, and complete the reinforcements as quickly as possible? Sneaking in at night like a heist crew more than halves the amount of time you can work in a day, and having to cover your tracks afterward so nobody knows what you did probably adds a lot of extra work time that could have been spent on making the modifications sooner.
Is it crazy that I had never heard about this channel, b4 now ?
So, after all, the repair was unnecessary? In 30:45 we read that modern analysis showed the governing wind load is due to head-on wind and not quartering winds. (?)
Is there an uglier building than this anywhere on Earth?
Tel me you are an (US) American, without telling me that you are an (US) American "replace this old crumbling Gothic church, with the brand new one" 🤣🤣
He never once was on site and notice the bolts during the building process?
i probably sound really uneducated but could they have avoided this whole thing if they just made the building an L-shape
What a stupid design!?!?
Do they not think about wind tunnel effect from all buildings aroud it ...that can make alotof wind hit 1 part of building tunneling through the😮 others
Does it fall like a controlled demolition?
I’m trying to make it make sense on how a building can get hit with a plane and collapse in on itself without toppling over. I get it was different structurally but strange nonetheless.
The decision to use bolts was the problem, but this critical decision and how was made was not examined - was the decision made on sound engineering data???  The possible decrease in the value of the building meant that the entire repair project had to be done in secret and at a slower pace to be kept secret. So the bolts replaced welds to save money and when the error was discovered the repairs had to be done in secret to not affect the value of the building - all the while putting thousands of lives at risk - hardly an endorsement of those involved- remember the iron ring !!!
So what happens if by a very slim chance NYC gets an Earthquake of 6 or more? Will that weight help save the building or crush it? I watched the real WTC being built a lot goes into the buildings even back when the Empire State building was designed it's been hit by several small planes with little damage. I won't go Into 911 that was horrible and different,  but these designs should never be built just because you have the money doesn't mean your idea is a good one.
WHY WOULD THEY TEAR DOWN THAT ETHEREAL CHURCH FOR THAT UGLY THING IT LOOKS LIKE IF A CONCRETE BLOCK AND A CYBERTRUSK HAD A ABABY
Why is there no peer review on new design like this!
How is the the tension in the braces equals to wind load- gravity load 17:19
Not sure how i feel about them not telling the public. I can understand not wanting to panic people but what if something DID go wrong? There wouldn't be enough time to evacuate everyone in and around the danger zone. Entire families would be wiped out. They let people walk right into what could be a death trap....all to avoid scrutiny.
How can something so majestic be called "old crumbling gothic church".
Why do complicated and dangerous when you can do simple and safe
7:20 how is that 22 pounds per square foot measured? is it specifically square footage of livable space?
If they admitted the problem immediately, couldn't they have worked round the clock (not just at night) and got the problem fully fixed before hurricane season? Perhaps I've misunderstood but it seems that it was partly the secrecy that slowed the process down
Or… hear me out… BUILD OUT THE BOTTOM OF THE BUILDING IN A WAY THAT’LL give it some extra structural integrity…
LE MAY SUE REE AIR not le measure  if you‘re gonna say it 2000 times please look up the pronunciation 😭
Why would anyone want to destroy such a beautiful gothic church to replace it with a lifeless modern building??
I’m not a structural engineer, but why they didn’t hot patch it with pillars in the corners to just get more time to fix beams even if the storm comes?
Ok wait. He created the design, which would have worked as intended. The contractor modified his design without informing him, endangering the entire city. How is that his fault?
40 meters?  Really?  Dude your audience is America, not France, and thats 131 FEET.  The plans for the building and the calcs were done in feet. Stop trying to be some euro snob.
Can we do an early life check on this?
Love veritasium, but is this the first instance of an ad embedded right in the middle of the video (at approx 23:00 - 24:30) rather than sponsors mentioned at the beginning or the end?    Really annoying.
How did this guy not know they used bolts instead of welds? Seems like something you'd want to double check
Still can't believe building 7 was taken down from being shook 1/3 of the OKC building was gone and it was probably shook a little bit too yet it never went down
1:36 they turned THAT into an ugly square block???????
I hear an American accent, if you are going to use kilometers, can’t you at least give both numbers? American hater or what?
10:27 Excuse me, could you possibly save some lip gloss for the rest of us, please?
Having someone asking question about your design is a good way to start thinking critical about it yourself, even if the questions is unrelevant or on a basic level, so having a company cultuire where the architect is alowed to be questioned is essential. Even if the question might seems stuipid never be afraid to ask it.
If they destroyed the original church why didn’t they just incorporate the church into the actual building?
who paid for all of it?! is it city who confirmed the plans? is it the guys who decided to use bolts instead of welds? is it LeMessuriers company or Citicorp as owner? I'm really wondering why this didn't create a wave of battling law suits
It's like running from bear and experiment with speed of run "What will be, if I go at a jog instead of full speed?.."
Great video! Consider doing one on hypothesis testing?
How did no one catch that? It’s like starting Jenga by taking by blocks from the bottom
Wait, isn't this building they show in the new york skyline as the Suits office?
Didn't Japan use wood logs as pendulums to help with multi story building sing theyd wobble differently than an earth quake?
If this were to happen today, analysts would be deployed to find whether or not the cost of paying out the city/families in settlements would be greater than the cost of addressing the structural issue
The building looks just like any normal square buildings from outside, why do they need to make it so special using diagonal columns?
28:30 Am I the only one concerned about this?😨
maybe if they didnt make such a stupid building design to start with there wouldnt have been an issue
Why didn't they just make a triangle building (from top view) to avoid the church?
MY QUESTION IS: if he knew HE HIMSELF had a 1 in 16 chance of dying in that building that year would he A) worked on it DURING DAYLIGHT HOURS to finish it before storm season OR b)risk it AS HE DID by calling the red cross and only working during the night time?....BASICALLY he cared more about his professional career THAN THOUSANDS OF LIVES....this reminds me of Johnson and Johnson after finding out that baby powder killed people and tried to section of the baby powder section of the business as a seperate company so it takes the lawsuits instead of the whole company INSTEAD OF TELLING THE PUBLIC THEIR PRODUCT WAS KILLING PEOPLE.
Could 2 planes destroy that structure? Seems as if 2 planes hitting a building has 100% chance to bring down any building; specifically those gigantic buildings…
"So what would happen if the wind direction rotates 45 degrees?"  Engineers: 👁👄👁
Is Jesus knocking at the door of your heart?
Is this your opportunity for eternal salvation?
These buildings wear out eventually right?  How do you take down such a large building safely?
Why did the city approve this?! The people responsible for this should have their credentials evaluated
Someone did this already. You guys just copying each others content?
I don't c why they cldntt just put a load bearing column on the 4 corners ......
They let this thing pass inspection and I have to get a permit to strap my water heater?
How in the world were they allowed to destroy that precious gothic church??? Unbelievable. I don't care about the rest of the video.
veritasium videos have gone downhill so far recently :(   What happened to quality?
Maybe building 7 had the same problem
Is it Just me? Or this building is one of the ugliest, and soulless buildings ever seen.
Is this a reupload ?
Not considering quartering winds while making design changes to the building is just negligence.
nah but at what point does he say "lemme just go over this again" after the building is already built
wait so why the woman almost dropped the baby but then claimed she didnt talk to him? why she was excited at the beginning?
I swear I’ve seen this video before what?
i dont get how bolts make it differ than welds, anyone would explain? :P
wait did they replace a gothic church by a minecraft stone block?
Why does that church look like a Tesla Cybertruck?
Has ANYONE played Jenga?
So who were the idiots who decided to go with bolts over specifically designed welding, and did not consult with the architect?  Why would that action not be a crime or at least professional malfeasance subject to severe penalties?
What is it with Varitasium and changing the name and thumbnail of every video 😭
what?  that old church was amazing looking.  that dog food bowl of a crap shack the replaced it with looks horrible???
Wasn't an architectural student girl who discovered the problem?
Didn’t these people watch any 80s movies?? When the old priest refused to give up his church to the greedy banks, they send around goons to beat him up, at which point a plucky teen discovers a way to raise money to save it by winning a breakdancing or karate competition. SMH.
I wonder if they could have done some funny business by rotating it by 45 degrees so that the supports actually ended up in the corners
so the 4 millions was just the spare money for a skyscraper that city allowed in the first place. What would have happened if the city didn't allow for all those money? Obviously they would still have done it for the safety of the building, but it would have been a totally different outcome for LeMessurier I guess.
5:19 why does the Left column pull down and the Rught column push up?
But did they consider winds that come from North, West and up?
Could they have used some type of binding plates that would allow a bit of movement? EDIT: Always finish the video before commenting! LOL
I don't get why so many people are concerned about the old church building, i mean for people who care about churches the important part of a church is the people, and for people who car about architecture, if people wanted that style of architecture, we still have the knowledge to build like that if we want to, it's not like some lost art we can't do anymore
Wasn't that the one where the issue was discovered by engineering students in a university?
More dangerous than WTC7?
The building is now known as Citigroup Center, not Citicorp Center.
why are there so many idiots wasting their money on this youtuber by donating to them
2:00 so instead of cutting off like one edge and making it a square with one flat side (which would look kinda neat) ... you turned it into a popsicle?
What an awesome video.  Was anyone else confused by the “compression” blue arrows pointing outward and the “tension” red arrows pointing in??😅
Who else learnt about his during their civil / structural engineering degree??
All that effort instead of just rotating the building 45 degrees?
1:37 they did what?!
This is weird. Why is this video so high viewed and discussed after a day? Odd.
Once i realized this was about aa church debate it became really boring
is it s joke? 1:38 beautiful cafedral was demolished for that ugly bunker? and you had a decency word it as "old crumbling gothic style for a brand new one? "
Why would someone looking at a drawing where one corner has to be left out, decide to remove ALL four corners instead of just trying to make it 'better looking' with three corners intact?? Does not make sense; looks dangerous and if needed to be made structurally sound due to freak incident looks like it would be expensive to remedy???
One of my first thoughts for some reason was like, did they let the President know?
It's a building in Manhattan, why are you using kilometers??
Ppl need to admit engineering flaws once aware? 🤷‍♀️👀
The city knew before the article... why wait for the article to update the code to require quarter wind calculations?
32:25 Good ethics? After the fix, he kept this vital safety information for himself for 17 years.
So the church willingly parted with that gothic marvel for an oversized trashcan? Why do i feel like somethings missing here
Church standing on a way of construction?  Hahaha. Are we in Iran? This is america let prists go someplays else
Was St Peters the one that Staypuft stepped on?
Hold on Before I start, wasn't there a female engineering student who brought her work to LeMessurier because she thought that the building was unsafe first?   Really hope that, if I'm remembering right, she gets brought up in this story as well.
why is this building so popular lately, ive seen 3 videos on it last couple months
Are vertical winds negligible in this case?
5 million views in a day? damn
The big question:  Has that building seen 110+ km/hr winds since?…
110km/h max?  climate change will cause 200km/h....
I wonder what kind of people would want to build an ugly unstable skyscraper for their bank directly above a church, and also want to replace the gothic church architecture with a brutalist monstrosity?
I'm a little confused about one, unimportant detail:  How do these diagonal beams allow for windows?
Why are you talking about the winds it could withstand in mph but when you start talking about the hurricane you refer to the wind speed in kph. Just annoying honestly, let’s stick to mph or kph pick one! Being that it’s NYC, I think mph would be appropriate.
@16:23 no safety margin whatsoever? Seems odd.
Didn’t his student mention this to him!?
The question should not be who built it, but rather which city officials okayed it?
Thank God for the student asking those questions to him.
The old church looks a lot bigger than the new one Was that part of the agreement?
Is this the Suits Building?
He asked them to weld it, how in God's name did you use bolts without even adjusting this?
1:42 what in the tesla cyber truck is that
Why had the church to be free 2/3 towards the sky? Is it an antenna? Do they need the air to reach god?
why get rid of such a pretty church for a gray block
Now that the secret has been revealed…  Is the CitiCorp Tower, still structurally safe up to this day
Whats the difference between architects and doctors? Doctors usually kill in ones.
Why is bro allways looking stoned out of his mind
It appears everything was carefully considered, although, when you talk about the bolts, there is no mention of the grade or diameter.......just "bolts". Is there only one type of bolt used in skyscraper construction?🔩
Amazing, I wonder what alternate timeline would have occurred if any of the other scenarios played out. For example if the storm did hit before the repairs were completed or the mistake was not caught. How this story would be told would be very different
so they didn't want mass panic, say like building-falling amounts of panic? :"D ....
Why did they put all columns in the middle? Seems like you only need one corner column split into two and moved to either side to make room for the church. Also could have cut a neat looking notch in that corner of the building going all the way up. The design seems just dumb, like a bunch of lego bricks and then some angled ones for the top. No matter what they say or how they build it, you can see it has a fraction of the stability of a normal building.
A question:  why would a MTD need power to work?  From what I saw in the video, it is totally mechanical.  I thought it acted on its own as the building moved. An off the wall question:  they filmed “the secret to my success “ at Citicorp, didn’t they?  Looks like it.  Was the interior shots filmed in that building too?
You are an engineer, you are planning a large ass building, and you research wind only from 4 sides, not diagonally ?  Are you 12,  how restarted you need to be ?
at 12:45 in a student call sketch you depict student as a guy and refer to student as "him", and later admit that student that first informed Bill was most likely a female. what affected your decision to make it this way?
„Old crumbling gothic church“ ? I would call it a cultural heritage that has to be protected but hey, I‘m just a european socialist right?
WAIT, wasn't Diane Hartley finding the problem ???  "In June 1978, Princeton University engineering student Diane Hartley was writing her senior thesis about Citicorp Center's design at the suggestion of her professor, David Billington"
Am I crazy or is he using tension and compression backwards. Tension is when you pull something. Compression is when you press on it.
Interesting topic. But I couldn't watch because of the physical pain caused by the constant pronunciation of _Mesurier_ as "measure", i.e two syllables instead of four. Is that really the normal pronunciation in the US?
12:38 where is the telephone cord?
Anyone else find it fucked up how quickly and professionally companies can solve problems when it's their own asses on the line, but they cut every conceivable corner when they think they can get away with it? It's almost as if they shouldn't have even a fraction of the power they have in our society for now.
In the US, if there is private investment, how can anything be prevented?
How is that possible? He might as well live in a 2-star hotel in London half the week, then travel off peak back home, itd be half price surely. That £600/wkly is bollocks. £2400/ month travel?? Nah, crap! That was a half decent wage back in early 2000s
The question is: Has the building been under the stress capable of bringing it down since the repairs?
Is the "p" in Citicorp pronounced?
Crumbling gothic architecture? Bruh. They replaced it with an ugly modern looking public restroom building on the side of a rural interstate.
Is it really necessary for buildings to get that tall or is it just dick measuring?
Can you guys use freedom units not just heathen units
Dont buildings need to get certifications by other engineers before the public is allowed in. Isn't the design supposed to be approved before any work begins? Seems there is a long list of people that had the responsibility to catch this but failed to do so. Am I missing something? Why is the focus only on the chief engineer? I would like to think engineers have checks and balances.
He passed away in 2007?  He was killed by the stress.  The thought that his building would fail was hell on earth for him.  If he wasn't so stressed out all those years he might still be alive today
What an act! They didn't know when it was under construction?? Isn't it wiggled while building the sky scraper? Or not even tested the prototype?? Maybe it is for making the black money into white by claiming insurance. Old book trick
Why didn't they just rotate the building design by 45 degrees about the vertical axis before constructing the building so that the stilts could be placed at the corners, or so that they could have just made a regular building without the chevrons???
is that from Suits ?
How many edge cases such as the diagonal wind have been missed in other mega structures ??
Do a video about the guy who discovered peanut allergies.
Can additional supports be added underneath so that there isn’t a tragedy
“how do we make something look ugly as possible” seems to be the question on most modern architects minds
Now, I will have to take a walk to that building and really look at it. Things that make you go hmmmm.
What about the fact that wind moves around the nearby buildings causing mechanical friction.
Is this a reupload?
Would it be better if the building was cylindrical with these diagonal chevrons? Would the cylinder lead to reduction in the force of winds?
wasnt it a student that told him about it?
How are building plans not peer reviewed?!
It seems by keeping it a secret, they slowed down the repair. Granted it took 6 weeks, but I wonder if they would have just admitted their mistake and closed the building, repaired it as fast as possible, if it would have been safer. But of course, that would have shutdown business operations - which ‘trumps’ over safety in America ;)
That's a church? What??? looks dumb.. the old one was beauty!!!
Tell me more about how “devices” in a building can be installed in secret
What building is that at 32:01 with the dutch flag on it? So cool to see my country's flag represented in NY!! 😃
How were they allowed to demolish that beautyful old church?
Just wondering, at 16:00 why is the weight of the TMD not included in the gravity load?
WTF?! the Japanese have been using tuned mass dampers since pagoda were invented
Um, why wasn’t wind considered from all directions?
Okay but why did they make the church ugly
Why ever to build weird building if you can build normal one? I mean engineering\architecture is not about the freak show. I mean in terms of safety (still not quite legal) there is bunch of ways to deal with rebelous church in the way. Or they may just pick a new place to build.
Was this first mass damper building built in 1977 built earlier than the John Hancock building in 1975/76?
Why destroy a church
Lol did they even play Jenga?
Why did his firm not inform him about the changing from welds to bolts? From this story alone, it seems to me some corrupt people were involved in the project, and if the building had collapsed, he would have been blamed by the everybody
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Just think if we could've used that damper as an energy source instead of requiring more energy? We're not as advanced as you would think we are seeing as we still have to bring our own oxygen in a submarine surrounded by H20.
Literally drove by this building in NFS World wondering where that part of the map is based on. Didn't think this would be a real building
Are there examples of electricity generation from tuned mass dampers in skyscrapers? Usually it gets turned directly into heat, but it seems like there is a lot of potential energy to be harvested. Anyone kowing more about that?
😮 Why no mention of the student that allegedly tipped him off?😮
How was this allowed!? Do they mean why does YouTube allow pointless clickbait garbage videos like this!? Good question…
Didn't a student point out the potential flaw.
Does every YouTuber do a video on this? I swear this is the third I've seen this month.
Why did you wash away the woman, Diane Hartley, who made a study of this building pointing out these structural integrity issues, causing the issue to be contemplated by the main engineer, LeMessurier?
19:22s 'What do you think this moment was like for LeMessurier when he ran these calculations?' ......Um.......... what about the unsuspecting people working in the building?  This is where incompetence meets runaway narcissism and ego!!!
Get Le Messurier's name right. It's not Le Messure—for goodness' sake.
I'm sorry, the structure numbers guy is called Le Measure?!?! 😭🤣
Who else is here before this blows up
Random 0,5- 1,5 second videoclips of some random cartoon? Must be AI. Infuriating to watch, can we get AI created clips that are longer than 2 seconds?
Who else is here before this blows up
why do they call it a 'chevron' and not a 'truss' ?
Aren't there supposed to be independent peer reviews for any building designs in a dense high-rise city like Manhattan?
This is extremely educational and shines a spotlight on engineering. I'd be curious to know, as of 2025, what is the probability it could survive hurricane winds of 150 an' still remain standing? Real estate properties surrounding Citicorp would surely go down with a 50/50 liability? Just roll the dice....
How did they ever pull off this amount of welding in a fully enclosed, fully furnished space? The amount of heat and smoke generated from welding structural steel beams is colossal.
I thought a student caught the problem an alerted LeMessurier?
I'm just an idiot and my first question when I saw the legs were not in the corners was "what happens with diagonal wind loads?", and I foolishly assumed they had thought of that.
Great vid with an obvious big budget, so why not look up how to pronounce his name? “LeMeasure” lol😅
1:34 And no one thought that this, in itself, was a bad idea? How old exactly was the Church?  If its as old as it looks, shouldn't such architecture be preserved somehow?
Who else is here before this blows up
When I was there, I knew there was a church at the foot of the building but .. I was like, wheres the church?? 😄
Do you build and design buildings?
28:43 How tf do you remember what happened in spring of 1978? Idk what i was doing in spring of 2024
Who else is here before this blows up
How many channels are gonna make a video about this shitty building?
Dude from the angle of the thumb nail, why does that look like a whole ass buster sword
Bro, they destroyed that work of art and replaced it with a block. Wth is this soviet russia???
Is there a reason they dont just rotatae the buidling plan by 45 degree?
Why can't they just turn the tower 45 degrees and keep the tilts normal？
So they only used 4 bolts? What happened to the safety ratio
7:23 the graph would indicate it actually isn’t very light for its size? Or was it very light for its time? Confusing scatter plot.
Are those dudes lovers?
0:10 does the skyscraper have a fatal flaw? Or a fatal floor? 😂
If they had made these design choices in order to preserve the original church building, I could understand. But to make all of these compromises just to preserve that hideous, modernist monstrosity of a church? Yikes!
I wonder if they could have pulled this off with post-tension decking rather than what I'm assuming was just slab on metal deck.
0:56 didn’t a girl tell her about it?
When will Fauci come clean??? Never.
1978? Meanwhile in Cambodia...
Why do you have so many bot comments posting the same generic messages on this video?
Who else is here before this blows up
I'm confused why citicorp had to pay for the repairs rather than the designers. If the bloke truly did feel responsibility for the situation, shouldn't that extend to the finances?
@10:50, WTF is Willis Tower??
Who else is here before this blows up
The Qube in Vancouver, BC, Canada?
Didn't they test
110 km/h? The building is in the U.S.A
How is this even approved at the planning stages. What are you just drawing on in etch-n- sketch and turn it in and get your permits
Is his name really lemeasure?
How could "his people" unilaterally decide to switch from welds to bolts without telling him?
Why are we destroying beautiful gothic churches?
Why did I randomly see a video on this a few months ago about a student accidentally helping LeMessurier realize all this, and now this video.  Why suddenly make a video about this. 🤔
Framing this as "how was this allowed" is the wrong question. There was a mistake, but never an opportunity for a minimum wage/minimum skill government employee to help fix it, therefore, it should reasonably be outside their purview.  The government is not your mother.
8:03 who's iron man?
A student has nothing to lose and no reputation to protect, and can get away with asking 'dumb questions' to the wise, experienced, all-knowing senior structural engineer.
2. 25:12 Wait, what happened? Xd
Why are you using green dot aviations music?
Why are you doing measurements in KMPH in the United States? Knock that off, MPH is OUR measurement, use it correctly!!!!
Is this video using AI art? I noticed the scenes of LeMessurier's office the clock text looks very weird for some reason (specifically I saw at 24:54 but it's elsewhere as well). Could just be artistic choice but I want to be sure
Why does this feel like a reupload?
This made me think, if they were able to make these secret repairs so quickly and so secretly back in '78...Could someone just as easily sabotage a buildings' integrity just as easily?  There were a lot of reports of this very thing happening in the WTC.
Somebody do a story on why they decided to make the church so incredibly unremarkable looking
Yes but how does the principle of action factor in
Wasn’t the engineering student a lady? Diane Hartley from Princeton.
I like these types of videos from you. Can you do more like this?
Who paid for that fix?
Even to NYC you're not traveling?! What's up with that, Derek?!
Who else is here before this blows up
I know there are codes restricting the orientation of buildings in most cities, but I'm curious why they didn't just rotate the skyscraper 45 degrees and keep the stilts on the corners
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Wasn't it an architecture or engineering STUDENT  who warned for those rare but still dangerous vibrations caused by strong wind?
@0.54 Why does the building look like a Norelco electric shaver ?
Wait, that thing next to the building has always been a church?
Who else is here before this blows up
many buildings have collapsed in whole or in part. I wonder how many of these collapses had an engineer who did not come forward like LeMessurier did.
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Traditional Japanese Pagodas use a detached central column as a mass dampener for earthquake resistance, plus several other kinds of movement dampeners, don't they?
Who else is here before this blows up
I don't get how LeMessurier is treated in this story like a very decent guy, hero even. He made a mistake that could have cost thousands of lives, and instead of fixing it ASAP, he tries to fix it silently and covers it up - that way taking the very real risk of disaster striking.
In my Intro to Mechanical Engineering class, we had to do a project about the ethics of this, and what exactly was unethical here.
Who else is here before this blows up
And today, are there computer simulations that can accurately design and predict weakness of the buildings?
Why do you use kmph instead of mph knowing this is an American building?
Corruption?
Why didn't they just make it round and more aero-dynamic?
Who else is here before this blows up
Isn't this used for the nighttime outside shots of in "Suits"?
Seems extremely unethical and criminal to not shut the building down until it was fully repaired. I seriously doubt that not saying anything and not shutting down were done to avoid "mass panic". They were done to avoid lawsuits, scandal, loss of revenue, and to save face.
would it not have been a lot cheaper to put the church atop the building? that pastor would only allow American Express on the collection plate.
Why did nobody talk about the “media blackout” ??????
I wonder if the 100% of collapse considered the variation on material property. The strength of the bolts would be based on the lower 5% value, so 95% of them would be stronger, even without any factor is safety in the calculations
Who else is here before this blows up
For those wondering the original thumbnail was a red building on a very questionable foundation - with not so scary text
how can people secretly disapprove of architect's plans to point of changing them without discussion 😮 ...without his approval they are responsible for consequences, but he should've been keeping eye on them!
The space had to open around the church because of all the windows? 😆
95% bot accounts in the comments. Did Veritasium pay to get bots boosting their reuploaded video? Also changing the title and thumbnail a few times to get more engagement. Whats going on? The whole thing seems disingenuous/crooked
Geez, why wouldn’t it come down at freefall speed like building 7 and in its own footprint. Isn’t that what happens when buildings collapse?
How on earth were they allowed to destroy that church and replace it with a giant doorstop I do not know.
I wonder if they considered using a microwave comms link, instead of new telephone lines.  (Those lineworkers, by the way, looked to me  like they were working on power, not communications, lines, based on the size of the insulators.)
What happened to the student that found the problem?
Why didn't they close the building down and weld 24/7?
Who else is here before this blows up
What is the diference between this and Celanese CDMX estructurally?
City scale domino scenario. Also, what is a 1 in 1,000 storm?  That sounds horrifying to be there when that happens.
Sooo, no one was fired?
Is this a re-upload? Or maybe quite similar to another video on YouTube?
22:05 are you sure it wouldn't have fallen perfectly straight down like buildings in New York seem to do?
Why didn't they leave the gothic chirch tho? 🥲
Who else is here before this blows up
are we ready for a moonshot or another bumpy ride? lets go RockSolidProtocol!!!
Mmm maybe don't design buildings around a gimmick and things like this won't happen.
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
sounds like a poly bridge challange
Who else is here before this blows up
How is it possible the building is not subject to twisting in the stilts?  Is the central column sufficient to prevent it?
is that one dude wearing a republican elephant on his lapel?!
Why destroying such a beautiful church and replacing it with a ugly modern one nobody wants.
Who else is here before this blows up
Is.... New York City..... abroad? Thanks advertisements....
I wonder how many AT&T technicians showed up to install those phone lines? They probably had every tech in NYC on standby for that project.
There is NO WAY this dude did not know that the team had swapped out welding the beams for bolting them. Are you kidding me? The lead designer wasn't ever informed or consulted on such a significant engineering decision cutting down the budget of the building by millions of dollars? "His team" approving the changes instead of him is an incredibly convenient explanation to save his reputation as an architect.
Who else is here before this blows up
How did they get the 5cm thick steel plate "plasters" up the building?  Lifts wouldn't take them ?
Who else is here before this blows up
Does anyone else believe that had they not even attempted to fix that building, the storm would've destroyed it? sometimes I have these weird ideas considering synchronicity.
And they retrofitted it without anyone knowing??? And they found out after the fact....don't believe it....someone was paid off to look the other way....then it was discovered....
they took down that beautiful gothic Church and replaced it with that monstrosity?
Another guy doing the video....why???
Really??!!!?!  His name is "La...Measure..*"???!!!  Family history?
are we ready for a moonshot or another bumpy ride? lets go RockSolidProtocol!!!
I don't know why they just didn't build a normal building rotated 45 degrees on the lot giving space for the church.
Hay Cherno, please tell us how to use RenderDoc!
Who else is here before this blows up
Did you notice that this is the SUITS building?
Who else is here before this blows up
9:30 wouldn't a critically damped system theoretically not oscillate/overshoot at all?
Who else is here before this blows up
I am curious, how much is LeMessurier's fault in the calculations? Given that it wasn't him that approved changing the welding for the bolts and the bolt numbers calculation was way off. Would've been enough if the structure was welded as initially agreed?
Who else is here before this blows up
So is the church still there? Isn’t that the only reason they built it the way they did? Because a church was in the way?
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Software Engineer here, with computer aided design and the ability to run simulations, is there anything similar to Unit Testing that is performed as any kind of regulation? Like saved scenarios that can be repeatedly tested against a new building as it's being designed?
So the story is that in the 20th century in the middle of New York a historical building was purposely destroyed with no government organization saying anything about its historical value? Than they built this ugly random shaped hi tech thing in its place? Why no do like they do in Europe and intergrade the old with the new? Preserving the beauty and making the new building stand out more than an ugly steel box?! What a shame! This new skyscrapers look will be obsolete in 20 years, the design of that old church - timeless!
LeMessurier didn't figure this out. An engineering student named Diane Hartley did and then she sent the inquiry over to him.
Ummm....they are called chair "legs".
so, what are the odds of not one but TWO towers pancaking when hit by aircraft.
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Wasn't it a student who ran some simulations and found a potential structural issue? And then the engineers investigated and rectified?
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
expecting this video to be some theorem that makes me question my physics and common sense was massive let down 🤣🤣
Who else is here before this blows up
so im curious how does channel operates at this point - grab any video that went viral half a year ago, through production budget at it - get that youtube money? The video from Tyler Ley on the same subject was pretty good
Wow I saw a short on this building like 2 weeks ago... wondering if you got the idea for this video from that guy's short or he got it from you coz it usually takes you a month to come up with a video. I just started watching the video btw, haven't even watched first full minute and I'm commenting 😂
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
So, New York a big trap?  A prison of sorts?   Checks
How do people not realize that someone entered in their office during the night, dismantled the sheet rock in the beams and welded some 2 meters of steel, then put everything back where it was?
Who else is here before this blows up
how was this allowed? Easy, like how everything in youre country works. Bribe some ppl, pay some ppl, get it done. How are you asking this q?:))
Who else is here before this blows up
why not tension the skipped columns with steel cables, they can't transfer bearing loads downward but prevent over tension the structural columns?
The media blackout timing and the death of the primary engineer… “unfortunately he died in 2007 before he could identify the student” … sounds pretty sus to me. Anyone else?
Who else is here before this blows up
It seems strange to me that there is no mention of any metallurgical tests to determine whether the microstructure of the tension, compression and weld repair areas were ever tested for grain change, which would embrittle the building materials. Brittle steel will snap over time. To my mind, this should have been a situation that needs monitoring, not only in this instance but in ever building standing.
29:15  I'm confused, why call it "quartering winds" when it could be called "cornering winds"?
Why does the church remind me a lot of that church in GTA Liberty Ciry stories
Couldn't they have just added more bolts?
Is this a reupload?
Sir, are you planning on retiring in the near future? You seem to have multiple people going across the country to do what you did in the past.
They told nobody? seriously self regulation is ridiculous. Apparently lives aren't worth public image damage
@veritasium, can you do a program on US weather management patents? Do they work and how do they affect the environment.
I don't get it? The overlap is so minimal. A small cantilever section to that corner where the church is would have done the trick. Pointless to the extreme.
The color banding in some of the illustrations is atrocious, even in 4K. Might I suggest you use uniform backgrounds for the graphs?
So for 20 yrs he knew cornering winds could f up a building but didn’t say anything for others to learn?? Why wait for the new yorker to publish. Seems like his morals aren’t as good as they might seem - I wouldn’t be praising him
Is this the building that the architecture student raised the alarm about?
Could you imagine designing a building and realizing mistakes that could kill thousands after it was built?😅
Wait. Doesn't this issue stem from the fact that they used bolts and not welded it. The original engineer Le Messurier had everything right as he had suggested welding it together.
Hmm if they got the entire block, why not just build the tower near 3rd. Ave. instead of near Lexington?
Who else is here before this blows up
Why are there 10,000 bots in the comments? Same four things said over and over again
Who else is here before this blows up
do you know that the name "LeMessurier" comes from the french and means "the person taking the measurements"
Who else is here before this blows up
Why are buildings in the US so ugly
Who else is here before this blows up
What about The Oldest House ?
They tore down that beautiful gothic church and built that fugly thing?
unique? Maybe not completely - go look at the Glendale, CA city hall building
Why didn't they go further by harvesting the pendulum energy to use it for saving the planet?
1:38 What? Replace that "old crumbling gothic church"?😱
Can someone explain 5:13? How does the beam in compression pull on the joints?
Hey Derek can you start making dubbed audio available as well , I mean that would make it more accessible to more people as well.
If that sketch is real, I saw the flaw 11 seconds in
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Why didn't they just pivot the building 45 degrees, so that it is facing the corner of Lex and 53rd, not in alignment with the corner?
What happened to finite element analysis of the loads under windy conditions?   A fundamental and necessary element of the design process?    There's a story there about design checking.
The gothic church was so cool lol what the hell’s is even that thing
Can you do something about high rise cladding in London? The story here is far from good.
WTF, am i suddenly watching the B1M?
A church? Looks more like 'the Concrete Man' took huge 💩
How is destroying a good looking church ethical?
Wait, they kept it secret for almost 20 years, and only then the building regulations were updated to include diagonal winds??
40 meter long structurals? As someone who has moved heavy and overdimensional through Manhattan and the other 4 boroughs of NYC I could do that easy as a Schnabel load on a steerable dolly. There was no reason to make them as 3 pieces from a hauling perspective.
Who else is here before this blows up
I'm about to take my final in structural mechanics,  and I get a truss analysis video from Veritasium???
Who else is here before this blows up
I'm really no architect and I'm not through the whole video yet but could they not just have rotated the building 45° to have the stilts at the corners, circumventing a lot of problems?
Who else is here before this blows up
Is there any mass dampener systems that generate power? That's a lot of weight swinging in the wind
Just one question: Does the building had ever been under those "dangerous winds" they compensate the structure for?
is it weird to anyone else that a youtube channel has a producer? like what this aint hollywood man why cant u just make the videos yourself 😂
i wonder how often he ignored warnings from engineers that the design was a bad idea.
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Why? Follow the money.
Who else is here before this blows up
This is one of those instances where you see something and feel it shouldn't work, but then learn more and start doubting yourself, ultimately turns out your hunch was right, probably what that student felt, that it doesnt look right
Wait, am I crazy or is critical damping the first point where no oscillation occurs. Cause the third panel clearly has some oscillation. ( 9:33)
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
"Old crumbling gothic church" you mean a work of art that you destroyed?
It's just me or this looks like one MegaBuilding directly from Cyberpunk 2077. I guess we are near that dystopia but without the cool technology
Ok but how was the blame put on him when his original calculations had welded joints and other engineers approved bolts
Can we please talk more about the lead who decided not to weld? How are THEY still in business?
We just had 6.2 earthquake in Istanbul. I wonder what happens if that happened to this building. We have great building etc and shock was insane.
idk i still don’t trust the bandaid fix
Who else is here before this blows up
1.4 as in the diagonal of a square?
Who else is here before this blows up
How the hell did nobody notice that there was construction happening in their office every single night 😂
My question is how someone could not see that a single 747 could bring down a world trade center building in its own footprint in less than 1 hour. And yet could not bring down the Empire State building.  One further question is why are demolition companies not using 747 now to bring down buildings in their own footprint? A single $100 million 747 could save Billions in permits and demolition costs.
The sad . thing is, they didn't structurally do as he initially asked.  He thought the beams were welded in the first place, which they weren't. That wasn't his mistake
are these names made up? le measure the architect/engineer? lee the careless? lmao
So the possibility that "a female" could spot it was so shocking?  Men -.-
Why can't America fix a gothic church without ripping it down? Europe has managed it for centuries.
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
Now ask those engineers what happened in 2001
why is ALL text italic on this page on this page and no other? Did you f with youtube again?
It feels baffling to me that they could come up with such a clever design, but fail to consider that winds also hit the building diagonally. That would seem obvious to me.
And how was this allowed in the first place ?  $$$$$   stupid question.
Didn’t a female structural engineering student point this out to him?
Instead why couldn't the entire building be axially rotated by 45degrees? This way the main pillars would be directly under each corner.... Yes it would look a bit off considering it would not be in symmetry with other buildings... But it would be much safer.
Who else is here before this blows up
They demolished a classic gothic church and replaced it with a lunchbox?!!?  Modern architecture is evil
Why did they not turn the building 45 deg? Thus placing the pylons at the corners. Ok I did not watch all the video...
How many other times have we been lied to about the safety of everything.
Who else is here before this blows up
Those welds saved the building for a few years. But can we be sure the building won't collapse in the future?
So they couldn't add any character to the Church building or was that a structural problem as well?
Do bankers have Ethics courses? Which case studies?
What about the world trade buildings?  I think the contractor cut corners?
Not to be that guy but... couldn't all of this have been avoided had these corporate stooges built it elsewhere?
Wait, this isn't a story about the Trump tower? Because anyone knows that it is" the most dangerous" building in Manhattan 😂, also the most useless... etc.
The Boss got the contract, but NEVER CHECKED ON HIS STAFF TO INSURE THEY WERE BUILDING IT CORRECT??  It was great that he caught the dangerous fail, but it never should have happened.  Port Authority Engineers and Developer made major screwups at World Trade Center by NOT following NYC Bldg Code. They knew better.
If they built the chevrons with welds as the original design called for instead of bolts, would the building still have been at risk?
"Fake News"                       would "they" really act the same (courageously) today?
How could this being studied as a case of proper ethic behavior? The right thing to do was go public, make the reform as fast as possible and warn everubody, probably evacuating the dangered area as long as the reform takes.
Bolting instead of one long beam? Sounds like a Hyatt Regency Walkway Collapse case...
Why the bloody hell this video show up when I search for funny cat video. Is youtube algorithm broke or something?
What would Trump do? Think about that scenario.
Did anyone else cringe when they destroyed the gothic church to replace it with that concrete block?
Why not just add three corners back...
Curious what happens if a terrorist takes out one of those columns. Similar to Oklahoma city, someone could drive up in a van or truck full of explosives placed next to one column and take it out. Could it stand on just three legs?
Isnt it odd that because of hurricane bella they got Terrorized and started patching up the building and then the hurricane that's gonna test it is hurricane ella?
Who was the engineer that Diane Hartley had spoken to? LeMessurie almost missed the chance to discover the serious problem, and this unknown guy is LeMessurie's nemesis.
I don't understand the morality being so secretive about the repairs. Shouldn't they have closed the building until it was safe?.
or why not just revise the blueprints and using bait and switch get the new blueprints swapped out with the original that would be called upon if a collapse was to happen so then they could  say shoddy construction and get him off the hook.
that`s supposed to be a church? looks more like a bunker.
Why would you design it having ALL corners removed rather than just the one that was deemed necessary for the Church ???? Seems like you are given a task and just make it 100 times more difficult by trying to be 'clever' !!!
"Do you know that famous engineer with a french last name? Le measure" sounds like a joke
Why build a hideous building like this in the first place?
Was this used as inspiration for Numb3rs s01e04 "Structural Corruption"?
Wasn't it a college student who actually informed him of this flaw?
love these problem and solution type videos.
14:43 why are multiple beams suddenly without load in the graphic
How does a bean counter get to decide to switch welds for bolts? The engineering was also flawed because the corner wind’s liability was taken into account but his instincts were correct to weld instead of bolt.
Why would one destroy a beautiful gothic church in favor of such an abomination of a building😭  (Can you tell I don't like modern architecture lol)
1,4 x 2. What about earodynamics, doesn't that reduce the load?
if sombody is trying to make a tall building isn't making it 8 sided or just a cicrle  more stable ?
Just how did they not consider quartering winds >.< It's not like we live in a sterile simulation where wind has to be orthogonal or something ^^'
Wasn't it a female student that made him aware of it?
120km/h winds?? No problem, US doesn't use metric system 😂😂😂😂
btw, do people engineering these take into account all the buildings already existing around or its not important?
So if the beams were welded and not bolted would there still been this issue?
Old crumbly gothic church? Wow….
16:21 no way they used only 4 bolts to connect those??? livng on edge? arent those usually made to withstand more than whats needed. i mean every cheap industrial gas pipe got 20+ bolts just in case, no? is it different?
Anyone in the Citicorp building watching this now ? :D
Am I the only one havin serious doubts about the morality of this guy and how he is portrait as a morally good person? As far as i understand it he could've completed the reparations in time before the storm hit if he would've just closed the tower down and let people work on it during the day as well. This way he took a huge gamble with human that the storm wouldn't be strong or not hitting NY. He didn't complete it in time for the storm and got extremely lucky. And what is all the fuss about how nice he was that they had a rescue plan in place? People would've died because of him anyway. Whats the worth of a rescue plan if people die that didn't have to die in the first place? This whole story reeks of survivor ship bias. If he'd gotten unlucky he would've gone down in history as a corrupt Astrocity.  A bit disappointed at the video tbh
Was this the exterior building used for Suits?
have they arrested anyone for rebuilding that gothic church as a featureless box?
16:10 why did the subtract the gravity load from the wind load?
Interesting story and great engineering but replacing beautiful gothic chuch with a box? realy? uufff :D
isn't a damper like that very common now in high skyscrapers, mostly ultra thin skyscrapers? i think the steinway tower also has a simular damper.
And if one of those corner columns was struck by a large truck or a bomb placed there?
Did he realise that or was it a student and then told him?  I heard the student version first.
Replace old crumbling gothic church with a new one? That futuristic iglu? What a way to throw away the heritage.
An interesting video. But one part {~ 32:01 - 32:20} was unclear, with a loose end left dangling.  I think that should have been explored further.   I'm referring to:   "Although they did conclude that the pressure from perpendicular winds was greater, their analysis didn't include any internal structure specific to Citicorp."   Question:  Would that have made a difference??
What about updraft?
6:44 by what ^POWER does the sheer force multiply as it descends? And how do we measure this??
Doubt and dissent are integral to human intelligence and the achievements built thereupon. That's why open society will always win. This is also why computer based 'artificial intelligence' will never be more than some model. Questioning the premises of any given model is our prime responsibility because no formal system is capable of meaningfully probing the logic of the axioms on which they rest.
I thought this was the building that the structural engineering college student discovered and brought up, am I mistaken?
Interesting if analyse future each building in North Smerica, will it let to rebuild each building for international standards safety for long period time.
"How was this allowed?"  -Bribery.
Am I the only one who thinks that this building looks like Cloud's Buster Sword from Final Fantasy 7 from the side?
If the contractors hadn't cheaped out and bolted the braces, would Citicorp have been the safest skyscraper ever built? Or did greed almost kill thousands?
Why did they replace that piece of art of a church with a lump of cement.
so if its  possible to install bandaids on the structure over many nights i wonder what else is possible to install in the night _D
To me, it seems to raise the issue of diluted responsibilities in large organizations. From what I understood, LeMessurier was not fully aware the joints were bolted and not welded. It seems like someone else had taken the decision (and responsibility) and LeMessurier only approved, trusting this or these persons. But in the end, the one who signed the blueprints is the one in charge...
Wait so why is this the engineers fault? Didn’t he say to solder the trusses? Wasn’t it the GC that decided to bolt them? Wouldn’t this be the GCs fault?
The church was so ruined omfg why does this look so terrible, I hate modern architecture.
couldn't you generate some electric energy through those dampers? Why wasting this in, like it seems, heat?
I have a question about moral standing: While LeMessurier was fixing the problem without alerting the people on the building, did he stay living on that building?
This flags up the risk of doing something new, versus the tried and true.  Much is learned over hundreds of examples and over the passage of time.  Deeply new means reconsidering things that for the old way are no longer considered, just formula or convention, like not considering quartering winds.  A new design changed the implications.
I can swear you've already made this video? :O Or maybe it was real engineering or some other engineering channel?
Makes me wonder, how many sky scrapers are out there with potential structural failure unnoticed? When you are building something this high with loads of people in it, always have more redundancy than cost savings
Why do you change the title of the video everytime
Is this a reupload or something? I'm sure I have seen this video before
I definitely prefer the appearance of the historic Gothic Church… Why have modern architects discarded ALL of the accumulated design wisdom acquired since 300BC?
My first thought when they first explained the wind calculation was what if the wind blows from the diagonals , how can a team of engineers and archtects miss that ?!
Is it earthquake proof tho?
Here in Europe it’s required that a second engineering office is proofing the calculations. They actually are taking the responsibility or are at least part of it. Isn’t that common in the US as well?
How did you make this video and not mention Superman or Adventures in Babysitting
This was already someomes video?
24:50 Good grief, is that a typo in this old newspaper? It says 140 plates and then says 240. So disappointing.
Am I wrong that it should be intuitive that if you want to topple over a building with stilts in the middle of the sides, you push on the corners? It seems to me that wind vector should have been the main consideration from the get go.
It’s not out there all by itself. Does the wind ever hit it like in a calculation? What’s the effect of all the other buildings?
What the heck you can just call the guy and he’ll go through the calculations with you? Who can I call at ford and gm to complain about the idiotic engineering of their cars?
17:49 at this point, why not just send troops out to weld that adhoc?  The beams are set with two bolts. so its just welding left to do?
So.. why the 30th floor? Is there an easy to understand reason it’s not like the 15th?
Why were 1/4ing winds not a consideration in the original calcs? I mean, it's wind it blows everywhere when it can.
would be really interesting if there was a feature to see how many times the thumbnail and title of any video has changed, even better, what the changes are
What the heck you can just call the guy and he’ll go through the calculations with you? Who can I call at ford and gm to complain about the idiotic engineering of their cars?
The hero of the story is the unknown student who questioned. Wherever you are now I hope you are having the best life possible.
new york city planners in the late 1900s will see a super old gothic building and ask "is anyone gonna demolish that" and not wait for an answer
Wait a second Why is something as important as a mass damper an active component? I'd assume something so critical to the structures survival was going to be working in any condition
They didn't do the wind calculations on the diagonal? That's the direction that presents the largest surface to the wind. That's really basic stuff.
Why didnt they just build around the central pillar not on top of it though
Here's a scary thought: what if LeMessurier had been killed in a car crash the week before he made that horrific discovery?
How does a team change the designs without notifying the lead engineer? This shows a disasterous management in that team. If welded,  there wouldn't be a problem  Also why isn't there a body of engineers association that checks the safety of designs and gives the approval for it to be built? My country has it and no building starts construction without approval.
I thought an intern discovered the error?
Is this a re-upload? I swear I've seen a video talking about this exact issue with the bolts 6 or 7 years ago.
Reminds me what i do in software development, i encouter some weird behavior and i start calculating what would happen if this happens, is it ok, or should it be re-done. Especially when I discover errors already in production
why don't they just add more legs to that building?
I don't understand how the pastor wanted to preserve the chuch, but had the original structure replaced with an unimpressive one. What was the point?
Can somebody build legs on those corners now? It still looks unstable even if on paper its fine.
Maybe they should have, you know, done the most basic calculations before constructing the building.
Wait,, wait, wait,.... bolt on?...Its a building, not a body kit bumper, for a used car.
Would it have been that hard to get permission for a quick drone shot of the building instead of using that awful old footage?
so it's a common sense issue, as usual?
Tore down and old gothic church for that???????  Eeew.
Is it force or air pressure?
this years jee adv questions will come from veritasium
if you imagine a chair with its feet in the middle of the sides, aren't diagonal forces the first thing you account for?
Is this a re-upload?  Definitely heard this story before.  Maybe it's just regurgitating other videos, not sure
Why was it allowed? It all started in a pencil factory back in 1913
Thats funny, I thought it was a university that told him the building was flawed?
Derek! No mention of the graduate student who discovered the issue? Omission of her story continues a pattern of erasure and bias in the field of architecture.
ok but why is no one talking about the old beautiful gothic church being destroyed?😢
>the only man who knew this? wasn't it some kid that found out the flaw?
Cool story…..are we going to ignore how that new church looked like a subway entrance?
The thing I really don't get is why they didn't evacuate the building to finish structural reinforcement faster. I understand that they didn't want to cause a mass panic but I mean... I suspect that it's first and foremost a matter of money.
Didn’t someJapanese temples have a TMD hundreds of years ago? I think they had giant logs in the center of the building for earthquake protection.
Why build a building that can not withstand
Do high-rise buildings' safety get reassessed for the projected increase in storm strength due to the worsening climate, I wonder? Category 4 & 5 storms can have winds exceeding 200km/h
If those "braces" are transferring vertical load as designed, they aren't braces, they are angled columns.
They destroyed that beautiful gothic church to build the most ugly thing ever in replacement???????
That shows the true beauty of science: listening to the questions of students, doubting yourself, and thinking of what is right for the public, not for your own carreer. It takes a lot of courage to recognize you have been wrong and take action to right it.
Had the structure been welded as originally specified, would the design been adequate?
"bolted beams when they need to be welded" ... where was the building inspection team? this is non-compliant mate
hi Derek can you make an episode on Tsunami? I always find it scary and fascinating at the same time.
The Dutch checking on their investment lol
Can you stop sending Veritasium producers to things? These videos are always the ones that end up with lower quality content.
Was this building featured in GTA? Feel like ive seen it before haha
what about earthquakes?
Didn't a student discover this error?
"Own separate identity"? It just blends with the background, even the editor had to highlight it for us. Looks more like a glorified subway entrance.
@13:00 Wasn't the student a female, not a man?  The way I understand the story, the student was the one who found the flaw, not the engineer.  There is no way that an engineer would not know his own buildings construction.  It wouldn't happen.  He knew they were bolted, not welded. LeMessurier is a villain... and absolute villain.
Is this the same video as the one about the student that corrected the plans? It seems like more than a re-upload, but less than a new story?
Isn’t this the location for the competing lab in the flash lol
Wasn’t it a student who was studying the design raise the alarm?  Her analysis is what led others to look into it and realize she was right.
Bro why would they not just do the original designs or at least not run it through with LeMes before implementing them????
Can you do a video on WTC Building #7?
Instead of putting the supports in the center of the walls on each side, why not just rotate the building 45 degrees so the supports would be at the corners?
Will you do a video on the big keto diet cover up scandal going on? There was a study that they did.. its a whole big scandal
So when are we gonna start to use buildings to create/store energy ?
Couldn't you have removed office's for wind tunnels, or x brace the mid section, on the ceiling of some floors?
why didnt they stick a bunch of triangles together
İ didn't get why LeMessurier took the blame for himself he sad weld them but they bolted it?
21:46 don't these skyscrapers always fall perfectly vertical to the ground?
0:52 (continuing below)  What have we done to enhance this design??  Where do we go when we fear to resign?  What have we done but learned to kill faster?  Where have we gone but straight for disaster?  Dreamtime is fading wakeup and decide..!  This nightmare ends now!!
Old crumbling Gothic church? Replaced with that? ...
So i got a question how come they never thought to hire more people to fix the problem in a matter of weeks more man power fewer problems
his name is Bill Le Measure?? as in Le Measure's calculations?? what is this
Why is everyone so focused on the LeMeasure’s mistake? Sure, he messed up (by not realizing that he needed to check something that everyone thought wouldn’t mattet), but from the way you told the story, it sounds like even with his mistake, there wouldn’t have been a problem if they had built the building that he approved, rather than modifying the design and not checking with him on the changes.
How many times are you going to change the video title?
why on earth the construction firm would go contrary to the plan to save money on an already money-saving design? Are they stupid?
So... what about earthquakes?  Or the combination of earthquakes and wind? Or what if someone destroyed one of the legs of the building?  It seems like a really stupid construction for a building.....
the old church at least looked like a church, why did they rebuild it
OK but...why did they cut out the OTHER THREE CORNERS?!?!?!?!?!?
So why does he have to crash into a Maine turnpike, plenty of other places buddy
Has anyone done a fatigue analysis?  The Citicorp building design is not dissimilar to the design of ships.   When the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System loaded its first tanker in 1977.  Depending on specific designs, fatigue cracks started to appear within a few years.  Over time, more cracks appeared, some in critical areas.  In 1991, the USCG issued a requirement that tankers involved in the TAPS trade develop a critical areas inspection plan.  The plan required identification of critical areas, usually done using finite element analysis, annual inspections of the critical areas, development of approved repairs, and record keeping of cracks and repairs made.  Rules for the design and construction of tankers evolved from the cracks found in tankers in the TAPS trade.  As a side note, the TAPS trade is unique in that it is primarily from Valdez to the US West Coast (Long Beach, San Francisco Bay, and Puget Sound), large number of annual trips, and significant weather.  Steel subjected to cyclical loading, from say varying winds, can result in fatigue cracking.   High stress areas should be visually inspected.  If necessary, non-destructive testing should be included.
why didn't he explain why the beam on the 30th floor was the weakest??? Just circled a beam and did some tension calculations, doesn't actually explain anything
Isnt it funny that the first guy is named Bill the Measurer and the other guy is named Lee the Careless? I thought so.
How is it the engineer's fault if the constructors switched to bolts instead of welds? Everyone talking about his responsibility, but his calculations were right and if welded it would've worked fine, so why blame him?
I wonder where Veritasium headquarters is
Is it Citi still in that building
Do I have deja vu or have I seen this already?
Was this is a re upload
Isn't that pendulum the same thing the Japanese have used for centuries?
Why did he not just cut out the part needed for the church and let the remaining be as-is, why did he have to go with stilts in the first place?
why didn't they just build it somewhere else
27:37 Owning up to HIS mistake? The mistake was not having quartering winds in the building code. Oh, how Veritasium likes his little drama plays!
This story was already over done 10 years ago why bother covering this if theres already 100 videos about it that are better than this
7:58 tmd never before used in a building? I thought the Taipei 101 building used one.
But, was it really  LeMessurier's mistake?  Didn't a subordinate order the change from welds to bolts, without LeMessurier's permission-- yea, even without his knowledge?
Amazing video!! But what happened to the Minecraft church? Why does it look  like a cornerstone? 😮😊❤
So the repairs made the building able to withstand a 1 in 1000 storm, but even that seems a bit risky, no? Don't engineers usually over-engineer things by multiple times the expected maximum load? Like if you think the building might have to withstand winds of up to 200mph you might design it to withstand 400-500mph? 1 in 1000 seems like too high a chance, especially with climate change affecting the intensity of storms. I'm sure the engineers know what they're doing, but that 1-in-1000 figure still sounds too risky to my layman's ears.
@veritasium Great video (as always)!  on an irrelevant note, what brand is the brown jacket that Henry is wearing around 1:07-:09? Do you happen to have a link? Thanks in advance.
Question: Why couldn’t citi corp hire 1000 welders and do the repair in a week? They had the money.
But he wanted it to be welded in the first place? How was it his mistake that he fixed according to anyone?
why is everyone milking this story now
Why even mention the women if she wasn't the student...anything to give a women the credit for diversity.
Don't Engineers get a ring when they graduate that is a symbol of the oath they took? It was something along those lines, please do correct me if I am wrong.
Didn’t a student discover that the building wasn’t safe in high winds and went to the structural engineer?
I'm curious how they funded the repairs
It wasn’t in the nature of everybody?! Really? Are we still that fragile while going to Mars…
anyone else notice the thumbnails always change after a few hours?
How many great minds have simply raised children?
no one will convince me the church building was not an architectural downgrade.
Don't they use pendulums in the Taipei 101?
Why suddenly YouTubers are talking about this building? 😂
Happy ending? I didn’t finish the video, too many ads.
Why don't they desigh the brace upside down V, so the brace bare puuling force.
Is just me that is thinking this was handled badly?Probably Citycorps decision, but the building should have been closed even under false pretenses and been worked on 24/7, not fix it slowly during the night.
14:00 is it quartering wind or cornering wind??
tuned mass dampers are taken from 100s of years old japanese pagodas though right?
How is 100%, near certain? How much more do you need 😂
Why so many ads??
10:50 I beg your pardon!?!?! Nobody from Chicago calls it the Willis Tower. It will forever be the Sears Tower.
is that name means the measurer??? is there any recent star civil engineering that can outshines star architect like him?
im confused how is it the engineers fault if the contractors are the ones who made a very big mistake changine to bolts
As great as this story is, how was it acceptable to jeopardize the people working at or around the building when the repairs were being carried out silently?
"How was this allowed?" $$$$$$$$$$$$
8:58 What does "the mass must be AT LEAST 1 to 5 percent" really mean? At least 1%? At least 5%? It can't be both
Anyone know if the animations in the video are AI generated? They seem to improve the quality of the video, and the video is certainly not anything resembling AI slop - just curious as an annoying IT guy who's curious to get his finger on the pulse of how that sort of stuff is being used.
I just trying to figure out how you install almost 1 million lbs 50 stories up lol
And how does this one connect with the principle of least action?
Wasn't an engineering student who discovered the flow of that building?🤔
Tuned mass sounds great, but if it needs electricity to run I would think twice.
Why would we put people’s safety at risk for a club house for imaginary friends?
How closely is LIGO linked to the tuned mass damper?
and why didn't they put pipes around the perimeter to create the same phenomenon towards the middle?
Should look into how the Japanese are building skyscrapers that are earthquake resistant
removed a beautiful church to build a cement tomb?!
why don't they rotate the buiilding design such that the stilts are the corners
Shouldn't an engineer's ethics include not designing buildings like this? Why create problems that don't need to be created?
Am I the only one who thinks "surviving a 1 in 1,000 storm" is not safe enough? I bet they didn't factor in climate change.
Question is - When they get around to making a film about this - who's going to play Le Messurer?
Isn't this the robocop building ? XD
What about finding a way to dampen the wind entering the city, much like was done for break waters …but a system for wind… giant defusers that can retract and deploy when certain wind speeds are reached, strategically placing them throughout the city
“Should we tell everyone not to come to work?” “No, wouldn’t want to cause a mass panic “
So people can go in and modify buildings without anyone knowing? Didn't everyone tell us that was impossible when people tried to claim 9/11 was an inside job?
How many times is this title gonna change
Makes me think what would buildings be like if they built out more like my coin stack.
would't it possible to make the mass damper active? using accelerometers and motor/generators with gear reduction to accelerate/decelerate the mass damper.
This is a fascinating story.  I wonder how many known mistakes and errors are out there that are not being reported and fixed, not just on structural issues, but things like car or plane designs, etc.
why couldn’t they just build a smaller building next to the church? Or build it elsewhere?
holy living f...this is a video primarily for american audiences, about a building in nyc, why are you only giving some figures in metric? it would have taken 5 extra seconds to include figures in terms relevant to the subject. and i'm not saying don't include metric, just give both so we don't have to stop and google every time you give a figure that is critical to understanding the story.
This video raises several questions: 1. Why was the transportation of long diagonal beams across NYC deemed logistically impossibile? This sort of task was apparently achieved eight years earlier when the John Hancock Center was constructed in 1969; the diagonal beams were transported to the Chicago construction site using a combination of methods. Initially, crawler cranes were used to erect the steel from the foundation level up to the second floor. Then, to elevate the steel further, four "S2" towers with stiff-leg derricks were employed, supporting the erection from the second floor to the roof. These derricks had a capacity of 50 tons at a 30-foot radius and a maximum radius of 120 feet. The hoist engines for these derricks were located within the towers, which were "jumped" every four floors, allowing for the construction to proceed efficiently. 2.  Why should a tuned structural damper be at the mercy of a power outage? Surely a battery backup system could be installed to tide them over? Besides, according to my source, the Citigroup Center in NYC does NOT have a tuned mass damper, instead it has a tuned system that uses a fluid to dampen vibrations and reduce sway - this requires a very modest amount of electrical power. 3.  Does the wind loading hazard increase or diminish with time? On the one hand predicted climate change will increase the severity of hurricanes in the years to come. On the other hand, as more and more extreemely tall buidlings are erected each decade, shouldn't these act as wind breaks that reduce the wind load on earlier structures?
Is it just me or did he already do a video on this? That or maybe it was practical engineering that did a video on this already.
who the FOK is that guy
wtf did they do to that church
Surely the fault lay with the people who'd changed his welding specifications to bolts without even consulting with him first!
Wait... so that episode of Amazing world of Gumball is a refrence to this thing? That's wild
Was the building on reclaimed land vs bedrock? That is a suggestion in other posts- this building seems to be on trend...
I dont understand why they didn't consider the diagonal winds in the initial calculation. Its a non-standard building, so why apply a standard calculation? I feel like the engineering company that replaced the welds with bolts was incompetent.
Is this the Suits building?
Why did you not include Diane Hartley? She was not anonymous, they kept her secret to hide their embarrassment. They didn't even bother updating her on the work, she found out about it in a news article.
Are they concerned at all about viscosity breakdown? (‘90s motor oil ad reference joke. If you know, you know)
Bro pays roaming state to state huh? 🤨
Wait, the engineer made the discovery? It wasn't another engineer who pointed out the problem?
How were they even allowed to replace that church? sacrilege
why why didn't his parents name him Richard?  He'd be Dick Van Dyck
Hmm. A generational thing? Successive generations are increasingly craven and shrink from responsibility and ethical behavior?
How many buildings out there have problems like this that were never addressed?
the narrator has a double major, in physics, and engineering, but which engineering? ethics in engineering course if taught to first year engineers
how was it allowed that Veritasium rubber-stamped full self driving? on a platform that almost kills as many people as covid every year?
How many people do you know are willing to admit their mistakes.   Take responsibility and resolve the problem.    I'm thinking not many.
why is the deal with this building lately? is the 4th video I see about it.
Is this a reupload or am I going crazy? Feel like I watched a video on this recently
Why didn’t they just rotate the building 90°
Number of times I yelled NO! outloud… so many points of failure? Should something not be perfect, forever…
I thought it was a female engineering student that brought the buildings flaw to light? Or am I thinking about another building that could fall? Haha
Doesnt Taiwan's Taipei101 have that TMD system?
Doesnt Taiwan's Taipei101 have that TMD system?
Would modern software have prevented the error in not factoring the quartering winds?
How can you build a skyscraper without measuring stress from wind at multiple angles?
Doesnt Taiwan's Taipei101 have that TMD system?
Doesnt Taiwan's Taipei101 have that TMD system?
What’s up with the thumbnail switching like 3 times lol
This is odd. As soon as the video started, when you got to the stool example, I immediately intuited the problem exactly. What is that?! Maybe I should go into architecture...
As an engineer I just have to question, why make it harder than the architect envisioned?
Isn’t it kind of screwed up that “professional ruin and bankruptcy” was enough to make a man consider not making a decision that would’ve saved thousands of lives? What a wild world we live in where that is even a possibility.
I wonder what would happen if he didn't learn about the bolt substitution.
This error must be looked at, not just in the context of physics, but of company management. I ask: how could a decision to replace a crucial, component of a structure, the failure of which would be catastrophic even in the eyes of a non-expert person,  be made by the staff of a company without referring the matter to the CEO? How could the CEO give such authority to his staff? How could the staff take it upon itself to make such a decision without referring it up to the top? The responsibility for such a failure of management lies always at the head of the fish.  Besides architecture, this would make an excellent lesson in management and corporate governance.
Ask a question. Answer = money
It’s incomprehensible to me that the incredibly complex wind speeds and directions of a hurricane compounded by the dynamics of the complicated urban landscape around this building were apparently never seriously considered. Hurricane wind directions shift as the entire storm moves; by 180 degrees if the eye passes over a particular location, and on either side of the eye they’re strongest. And hurricanes have hit New York City! Yet nobody ever thought the wind could push directly against the corners of this tower??
So recently I started buying $XAI318K during its presale. I am up $23K should I sell now or hold??
and is it full of people or empty nowadays?
What do you think happened the moment he knew ?? Idk but im about to have an anxiety attack just watching!
Confused by one part. If they did the welds as originally planned instead of the bolts, everything would have been ok?
I’m curious if there were ever gauges attached to the building to see how much it actually moves in certain conditions.  We should always be learning and curious how to make things better.
The engineering required on this tower was unnecessarily complicated and endangered the lives of many.  Undoubtedly the pinnacle of the architects career but at what cost?  Next time you want to build a revolutionary design that could topple, don’t try in nearly the most populated city on earth.  Such hubris and luck that it didn’t end in tragedy.
Isn’t this a reupload?
Isn't this the plot of that episode from Numbers ?
I'm at the Dampers part right now, I had just a random thought: Could it not be possible to use this system to harness and convert the motions into energy?
No mention of Diane Hartley or Lee DeCarolis until 30 minutes into a 35 minute video?
Question so if they welded it from the beginning could this have been avoided? or the building needed refortification regardless to stand against the wind
You guys changed the title of this video like 3 times now?
why are we still bending over backward for churches
I know you're probably catering to your largest viewer base. But could you provide kN conversions as well?? Now I have to pause the video to convert from tons...
Why don't they just rotate the tower 45 degrees? Then the stilts would be at the corner.
Old crumbling gothic church.....?   Yeah sure let's just replace it with a identityless building of steel and glass.
Why would they remove that beautiful church?... So much history
Did Pharao requested any wind study ?
Who paid for the repairs?
0:49 75y, what is a building's life expectancy? can the real problem be shadow on the church?  when someone try to control but get as answer F...U.
Imagine not considering wind at a 45 degree angle to the sides….. like wtf, imaging sitting on a chair with supports in the middle of each side, it’s falling over diagonally
how many of you checked your phone at 23:00 during that ad-read? like how many of you have that same ringtone? lol
Why didn't they just rotate the building a quarter turn and then all the corners would be on a stilt? The whole design seems unnecessarily complicated because of the insurance for it to be squared with the city block.
Now ask the question: how has climate change increased the risk of all the new buildings in New York and other major cities? Especially those with super modern designs. Note that some of the NYC “pencil” buildings are facing tenants revolts and low occupancy due to cracks and water damage. Are these going to cause progressive weakening of the structures as time goes on? The wind speed of the biggest storms is going up. Is a 1,000-year storm still that? Or are there risks in many under-engineered buildings like 161 Maiden Lane?  Veritassium would do a public service by asking questions beyond the obvious.
are you out of topics??  this is OLD NEWS THAT HAS BEEN COVERED BY HALF THE ENGINEERING THE CHANNELS
i heard about it before, i saw a short made about the same building just yesterday is there any reason this story got so popular everyone has to make a video about it?
Jeez, how does the french surname Measurier (Meh-soor-yeah) change into Measurer? That's a shame.
Has anyone tried to make electricity off one of those systems?
How on earth did his firm move ahead with bolts replacing welds without consulting him first? Is report-contact-consult not a thing in the US?
I’d like to know more about the emergency response plan. If the hurricane did hit New York, would shattering every window sufficiently reduce the wind load because it could just blow straight through the building?
the fact that church had to be uncovered was only pastor idea or it was dictated by something else?
how many different versions of titles and thumbnails do exist for this video? i saw like 4
So, if they welded it, like the initial plan stated and not cheap out with bolts, it would have worked?
A call for ethical behavior in this era is like a whisper in a hurricane.
Was this his mistake?  He didn’t even know they had not welded the trusses together.
Diane Hartley found this issue first - do you fact checks first
Damn,  they could have had it attached to the ground with columns on all of the other three corners (besides where the church was?)
Why are architects afraid of making beautiful buildings?
Why was this man never given the Presidential Medal of Freedom??
Save money for what? If you have money to build a skyscraper, why does money become an issue?
Eww was that AI?
I wonder why they didn't do finite element analysis
Imagine signing up for what seems like a typical welding job but they make you sign an NDA and you have to sneak into the building through the back door after the office workers left. I wonder if those guys were getting paid for their silence.
Wait, wasn't a low level employee that discovered this AND it was a WOMAN!!! no i mean it wasn't it??? I heard it somewhere
in terms of aesthetics, it seems they tried to hide the church instead of leaving it in evidence. The result is the entire thing became ugly.
Why does it appear that the tower in your 3d models is leaning the whole time?
Un answered:    Would the original welds as originally specified (not the patch plates) have held the quartering wind loads?
How many times are you changing the title and thumbnail 😭
Why not just rotate the building 45° making the pillars in the corners again? Like really, how dumb can you be
How one students question saved this building
hold up, so kept a potentially catastrophic structural issue a secret from everyone, including unwitting tenants for YEARS, and somehow this is a case of good ethics?
Jesus Christ?!  So the lied through omission and kept sending people back to work while they fixed it.  That is some dystopian madness....
how many times do you want to change the title and the thumbnail? ''yes"
Does anyone know what that tall building is on the left going off of the screen? (26:09)
Regardless of the calculations and what was forgotten why would you ever round the number of bolts down??? Like if you calculate that it needs 4.07 bolts, then it would fail with just 4... so you should always have 5 or more
15:05 so is no one doing calculations on these things?😅
Pay roaming charges???   Roaming charges went away with "long distance" back in the early 00's. I can go anywhere in the US Mexico Canada and not pay for any "roaming".     <<Verizon>> customer for 25 years now.
was the title changed for this video?
I wish someone rendered a simulation of how the building would actually collapse. Would it actually topple to the side? Or would it just crumble down once the chevrons snap?
"When we think about a sail of hundreds of thousands of square feet in size, how big of a deal is wind?"
Wasn't that problem discovered by a woman?
So instead of removing the corner pillars, why not use dampeners?
Why does the thumbnail keep changing? I've seen 3 different ones so far..
Wait.. did I hear correctly… Citicorp paid for the multimillion dollar engineering fail?
Will you ever dare to make something on the collapse of the towers (9 / 11)  ?. 👺🐍👹💖👌
How TF could they demolish a Gothic church to build such modernist trash???
What the hell is a kilometer? Why are you so stupidly rude that you making money off of videos in the United States yet you just refused to use our imperial system, you’re just an idiot.
How would any pastor ever agree to replace a gothic church (crumbling or not) with THAT?
well you guys sure like to change the thumbnails alot... is this the third one already?
The previous title and thumbnail were fine, what's going on with you guys?
3:04  whats the music at this part?
Why did Building 7 collapse 9/11?  Come on Vertasium, what's wrong? Scared?
I know nothing about engineering, but shouldn't it be obvious that it would be necessary to calculate the pressure when forcing the corners considering the shape of the building? If the posts are in the middle it should be much easier to tip at the corners so shouldn't those calculations be prioritized?
Why all of this for a not good looking church??
thumbnail change in 2 hours?
Haven't the Japanese been using giant logs and mass dampers in their tall temples?
Well it goes under the heading of when you are doing Engineering stunts, have we gone over everything, and properly? Really it is easier to make things smaller and boring. Also in all cases under spectacular wind and earth movement you really have to go out of your way to survive it.
I wonder how much Citycorp paid you for this video?
Anybody else having flashbacks of Numb3rs? ^^
1:05 Is this green dot aviation?
Not enough scrutiny, responsibility or accountability were borne by that team of Neanderthals who thought it was clever to substitute bolts for welding. How did that happen, and why wasn't LeMessurier's approval required in advance, given that he was the structural engineer for this project? If you wanna add quartering winds to the standard, fine, but first you need to make sure that downstream Eng. teams stay within their boundaries, that's insane!
Will you please please please include MPH especially when talking about stuff happening in the USA? Its getting annoying to not be able to tell what wind speeds and such are just because you want to be proper. Please.
Would it be possible to use those TMD's to generate electricity from the building's sway? Would it produce enough energy to be worth the effort?
When they knew of the cyclone why didn't disrupt the tenants and weld as fast as possible?
2:28 like at the first glance that just looks like a stupid design that is asking for trouble
So wait they had an old gothic style church, meaning it was build to last hundreds of years and actually looked impressive and the replaced it with a block of concrete that looks nothing like a church? Talk about a downgrade.
I wonder how many people actually think the linemen working on the power lines were installing phone lines? LoL!
Maybe somebody has better insight than I do, but why didn't they just hire more welders/contractors and get it done quicker? Bring them in from other states if you need to, right?
I don't understand why it kept being repeated that LeMessurier stood up and 'owned his mistake' when he seemingly didn't make any? He specced the building with welded beams and someone else changed it, how was that his fault?
So the engineer that made a fatal design flaw is working on fixing his design flaw?? At what point do you say, no no buddy, we'll let someone else take it from here...
Why couldn't you film inside the building?  Because there is something hidden.
Why was Diane Hearttly not mentioned in who helped him discover this?
How much money they give him ? -)
So if they welded the bracers instead of bolting them as originally planned, there would be no problem at all?
Why does the thumbnail look like Colin Farrell’s character in Horrible Bosses?
Does the recent china building collapse in Bangkok gave the idea for this video?
So what's lurking that we don't know about?
Did i miss something? it wasnt really his mistake, no?
Why do you use the arrows for tension and compression in such a weird way? They should point inwards for compression.
Quaere the morality of keeping the problem secret while it was being fixed. It turned out OK, but what would have happened if it had collapsed? The people killed would have had no warning and no chance to make a decision for themselves.  Here the decision was made for them without their knowledge.   Still, kudos for not ignoring the problem and hoping for the best.
So its not even his fault? It's because the company wanted to save money and no one told him??
did the video's title change?
They changed the name?
Veritasium, can you stop changing your title name? It's getting annoying.
Wait! Maybe I’m confusing stories, but I thought it was a female grad student who discovered the error while doing calculations for a paper she was writing on the building. And there was a hurricane approaching capable of winds in excess of the torque load. Has her contribution been exaggerated in other telling or forgotten in this one? If I’m confusing stories please correct me. Thanks
Aren't they supposed to use wide safety margins in civil engineering ?
Don't you have to prove that you have been exhaustive in your testing when submitting that kind of calculation for review ?
Shouldn't there be something in the validation process that mathematically proves that the model that was used leaves no unaccounted for edge cases ?
Wait a minute, why the hell is the damper dependent on electricity? What an awful decision.
Makes you wonder how many other buildings are flawed...
Could the church not have been flexable and just taken the entire ground floor of a regular designed building? 🙃
i wonder how would they reinforce the structure if the braces were welded as was originally planned, or would they've been strong enough already?
maybe they should have done the wind tunnel test BEFORE they built it!
Tom Brady video when?
Is $XAI318K available to buy in UK??
Safety constructions with new mandatory calculations were only put in place after the article was published decades after the incident? The involved made any efforts to spread the tip about the necessity of those calculations before the article?  edit: wait, is this an "example of good ethics"? To me seems like the bare minimum. A whole building would fall over other buildings, what was the choice? Ignore and do nothing was really a choice? Who would do that? Anyone would? After fact an investigation would discover the mistake and the responsible would be jailed, there was no choice.
So recently I started buying $XAI318K during its presale. I am up $23K should I sell now or hold??
Why is this the 2nd time today i get a short telling me about the structural issues with this building 🧐
0:30 Why does he sound like Bane from TDKR lmao
We going to ignore that a team of engineers and welders were able to covertly make structural modifications to a New York building in the dark of the night and go unnoticed... 9/11 anybody?
This building has been covered already in a dozen other video's.... Are you really gonna stoop this low to reusing and editing their old video material to get a video out? Do your own thing. This is as low as it gets
Still no word on the fascist push againt science ?  Do you even plan to stand up for science ? or are you fine with the fascist defining what it will become ?
8:01 is that logo putposuely similar to "Stark Industries" from marvel or vice versa. That overarching line that cuts diagonally aopear in both.
Isn't this a reupload?
This strikes me as morally ambiguous - decisions to save money were made at every stage, then the public were not informed; if there was a hurricane very soon after it would have been disaster. Unnaceptable risks.
Derek, am I getting déjà vu? Didn't you upload a video on this building and exactly this issue before?
10:49 In 1977 wasn't the Willis Tower still the Sears Tower?
so... how worth it, really, is to delay construction work on reinforcing the building and risk it toppling over people who didn't want to evacuate as well as other buildings rather than causing panic, yet fixing the problem more swiftly?  even purely from a materialistic perspective of expected monetary loss due to potential collapse  I am guessing the teams have done those computations a dozen times over and reached the conclusion that it's not worth announcing, but how many lives were at risk, really? even with the evacuation effort  probably something obvious I'm missing... and I'm guessing the figures on that aren't public
Obviously its good to own up to this kind of thing, but, like, of course you should immediately own up to a mistake that will literally kill thousands? Im not sure how commendable that is when the morality is so obvious and he knew the building was otherwise destined to collapse in his life time meaning he literally could not get away with it...  I also find the idea they couldnt tell anyone about it to be extremely dubious. You telling me they couldnt have just downplayed the threat, told everyone they just needed to make some improvements, shut at least that one building down and gotten repairs going at a hugely accelerated pace? Come off it, there is absolutely some reputation defending and cost saving going on there, and they risked an enormous number of lives doing it.  I think this video had the opposite of the intended effect on me: If this is an example of the height of ethics in building and architecture, thats utterly terrifying.
Why he would be feeling guilty, when they changed during construction, building major structure and architect even did not know about that?
I thought I’ve seen a an engineer girl who caught this error or I’m I mistaken?
The “gravity load”? The weight?
Is this a reupload?
wind vectors in different directions or coming from different directions   ( all at once ...?)
110 kph? What is that in freedom units?
A video that doesn't make me question the fundamental laws of the universe? This isn't the Veritasium I know...
14:14 where does this equation come from?
Ah yes, why preserve a stunning piece of Gothic history when you can just replace it with another lifeless, corporate shoebox. Truly an upgrade.
I wonder how often emergencies like this are dealt with everyday?  The lives saved everyday that we don't even know about.
Whats with all the YouTube shorts in the past few weeks while you were putting the video together on exactly this same subject? Like...this makes me wanna watch your video so much less because i already know a chunk of it, knowing ill likely always be missing the mathematics behind it due to algorithms jading me into submission?
A better title would be: How Did It Even Stand in the First Place?
Was DIANE HARTLEY the anonymous student?
isn't it obvious perpendicular winds would do more harm than sidewinds on such a stucture..?
26:41 if one were of religious nature - god's will saved New York City 29:28 typical of male-dominated professions - woman's valid question dismissed as inconsequential. No credit.
isn't his a reupload?
Am I having de ja vu or have I seen this before ?
Anyone else remembers seeing this building in Suits episodes? 26:10 Similar drone/b-roll shots from above can be seen in multiple episodes.
Why can't they just spill it. I hate that things are "lost to time" even now.
This story raised a question for me. If the original design had been followed, i.e. the diagonal supports were welded and not bolted together, would it have had these same issues?
So instead of immediately evacuating the building to fix the issue as quickly as possible they decided to fix it in secret and risk thousands of lives?
Can they not generate electric from these massive swinging wieghts?
Isn't there a Numb3rs episode based on this incident?
wreck havoc???
Didn't some female up and coming architecture student made the discovery and then let the main dude now that this is going to fail under winds?
Why didn’t citycorp just let the welders work during the day too?!?! Just give the office workers the month off!!!!!!!
LeMessurier measuring jokes incoming?
Wasn't this discovered by a female architectural student?
How would this affect LeMeasure's legacy?
This leaves you to think about how many of these mistakes happen nowadays with people less willing to risk their own skin. With the likes of trump and elon at the reigns, I can't help but wonder.
Maybe don't build ridiculous shti like that.
Hmm… a skyscraper collapsing in Manhattan
It seems like I am receiving similar content on YouTube prior to release of a Veritasium video. Like yesterday I saw two shorts about this building.  I wonder if the YouTube algorithm take uploaded but not published videos on account when pushing content?
Why _did_ they decide to put it on stilts instead of just removing the bottom corner where the church was?
Are we seeing more and more of the Veritasium producers till they eventually take over from Derek?
2:10 Why does that guy look like vsauce?
But how will this affect lebron's legacy?
Why couldn’t Derek go to the building in New York instead of just doing the voiceover?
How can there already be 223 views if only ONE minute has just passed?!
Is this the building flaw found by a student?
too early?
