Hey Tech Bros, let me ask two questions, first have you heard of Newton's Law of Motion and second have you watched the movie Unstoppable?
I'd expect this shit in America, but WTF?
Why can't they just cut off one half, to make it to be able to connect to other sections, and carry more?
Who else is doing "whoosh!" sounds in their head when the pod is coming into the station? ;)
Y'know why we Americans have less long distance trains?  Because our short distance trains travel the same length as long distance ones in Europe.
what is the melody on 7:05?
Adam, idk if you’ve covered this, but what about automated train with a remote operator? A train that’s mostly automated with a supervisor, someone who could be in charge of up to 3 or 5 locomotives. Would that be feasible at all in your opinion?
What is up with tech bros and pods?
7:31 how are German trains less punctual than Ireland???
3:57 Did I just hear a song from the Neverhood OST?
7:32 Why is the chart in French AND English 😅?
Won't the giant magnets mess up freight?
I wonder how much it would cost to electrify all US rail, and create or adopt a signaling standard like ERTMS.
Sorry for my late comment on this one-year-old video, but I have a question. What's the song name you used at 7:06 ? I heard this when music when playing Gmod Zombie Survival, but never managed to find it on YouTube. Please help :-(
What's next - getting a full diagnostic read-out of your blood work, from a few drops of blood?   (you think she refers to herself as a tech-bro?)
How would it turn though
Adam why you never mention about train in East Asia?
Adam, have you ever considered doing a video on the state of british rail
If the Netherlands and Belgium are 93% punctual, do the German trains even arrive at all??
so.. yet another group of people thinking they need to reinvent the wheel?
wait is this polish? Holy shit im disappointed
German infrastructure is completely built for car drivers. Our politicians have no interest in a functioning railway system. And even if the DB wants to built new tracks, the NIMBYs are never far away. And why is the nose of this pod so far up? It looks like the air is going to go underneath the nose, lifting the whole thing up and derail it at higher speed.
When will Ekster come out with a sleek, stylish pouch to put our coke in? laybe we can attach it to the moneyclip which we can attach to the cardholder aaaaand I have a wallet again.
Wait there's worse train services than here in Germany
Are these tech bros feeling humiliated already or what? Their own lack of basic understanding is astounding!
Does anyone know the name of the song at 7:03? I really like it but can't remember
What's a hyperloop?   Also, why not make different tracks for industry and civilian?   Did I just hear AoE music?
I can’t get over its shape, it’s like they looked at a plane and said “huh, that must be aerodynamic”, not realising planes are shaped like that to help with lift, there’s a reason current trains have their nose lower to the ground, because it provides more down force than lift.
But Adam, what if  those 20 people were oligarchs with 200 billion to burn for the lulz?
Do you think the creator of the train ever thought about how goddamn long lasting his ideas actually would be after he scribbled out his initial ideas for an on rails vehicle? It's honestly like nature with insects- the overall design might change, but the legacy features are basically all the same and haven't changed in a long, long, really long time. Hell, if our species manages to survive further into the future, I can bet you trains with some form of rail and connected cars are still going to be a thing.
Was that a freighter from the game Starsector im seeing?
You think tech bros would know one of the biggest rules of tech is scalability. You need to design your shit for when you eventually have to add more shit, it won't break.
If we had like 500km straight rails running in the middle of a country? If we use a lot of concrete for avoid thermal, geologic, human distorsions of the rails maybe it could work... Obviously with a bigger train than a rolling d
How loud would this thing be?  Also the shock wave would be destructive to everything along the track.
What’s a train??!! Never heard of that down in Australia
how come we can't have you design our infrastructure you clearly have more sense than entire states over here - an american
whats with techbro's obsession with pods? pod houses, pod cars, pod trains, what's next? Pod kitchens?
They did it _again?_
as an american, what train infrastructure?
Why does the render not have a pantograph? It has an overhead wire, but nothing to collect power from it.
again? Its like 5th time in 21st century...
Shouldn't regular speed start at 1? due to the lack of movement at 0 mph. or is 0 a place holder speed for under 1mph but not actually stopped?
Recently, I heard someone on TikTok suggested people use one dedicated smartphone that belongs to the entire family and is always kept in the house. Like.. a house phone? Are we so messed up we're gonna start "inventing" things that have existed for hundreds of years now AND STILL EXIST AND ARE USED???
What I don't understand is how are investors stupid enough to invest in the same idea time after time.
Why are techbros so obsessed with pods?
Why are the techbros who hate paying taxes so much always proposing schemes that involve huge public infrastructure spending? Do they genuinely not understand that taxes pay for public infrastructure?
What if we just got a bunch of giant slingshots, and then put trampolines where people land? Future of transportation
Are you an Austrian? Because you are weirdly using a lot of ÖBB/ Westbahn trains in your comparisons XD
Has anyone tried building a suspended track for a faster train above the old tracks? Or is that not a good idea for safety reasons?
How much for that calendar?
Boring. Just ask the Japanese how it is done. They can sell you everything necessary.
Look it's simple we build a tube underground we make a vacuum and there's this pod and it goes really fast Q.E.D nerd
Is that age of empires 2 music
12:25 why is there age of empires 2 music in the bsckground ... Also no I do not have a problem it is perfectly normal to identify an age of empires track by the first ~10 seconds played of it .... Ok mybe a soight 😅
Before they add stuff to existing railways maybe they’d consider fixing and probably rebuilding the entire railway system, it’s fkin falling apart as it is
Please put even more music the video isnt enough stimulating
do these things even have emergency exit windows????
High speed heavy trains floating above centuries old railway lines with tight corners ?  What could possibly go wrong.
Broke mentally or financially?
Maybe it's a good idea to know at least a little something about the industry you're trying to reinvent?
What about American freight?
Didn't Japan already reached something like top speed 600 kph? Also aren't maglev like very unprofitable?
What a MESS! Do those people take their shet seriously?
When you go "Why has nobody ever thought about that before?" and it is about centuries old technology, then the answer is probably because it is stupid.
what is the music that starts at 0:16 ?
i still don't know what a tech bro is
Wait... Is this video using French train as an exemple for being *on time*? Am I in a parallel universe?
Why the hell is everyone obsessed with fucking pods
why is the 550 km only for this pod, or is it possible to join multiple pods and make a faster version of high speed train ? ( I understood the constraints of running this on pre-existing tracks, but can we improve the technology to actually make high speed rail commonplace in the future ?)
The Czech republic loves crashing their trains? Have you read a few things about the Greek railways? They are like Final Destinations. We have seen two trains colliding head on while carrying dangerous chemicals, trains starting with female passengers hanging from the outside with their hair stuck in the door and tree trunks impaling the carriages.
For the love of Train God, could someone please help me figure out the recorder song playing in the background at 10:28 ? It sounds so familiar, but I can't place it.
Adam something video pops up…I wonder how long it will take for him to misrepresent and insert Elon musk. Proceeds to watch 1 minute 😂
I wonder how tech bros haven't pitch a service which streams your favorite programs 24/7 so you don't waste time looking for something to watch. Obviously AI powered
Imagine tech bros trying to make miltary tech to fight china and russia????
Oh dude how did it get thee?? Having fueled many silkway 747s I can tell you neither I nor they have any fcking idea 😂😂or WHEN
Have you talked to them about your concerns about their project?
So,whats gonna happen if it runs into a gradual or sharp turn? It doesnt have any individual compartments since its just a straight carriage,and its going on tracks so its not a bus.what is this?
Is there anything like preliminary studies anymore?
I wonder what your fascination is with Budapest as you're mentioning it in quite a few videos now.
I absolutely NEED that Hungarian wall calendar! What kind of kolbász or szalámi is holding the lady anyway?
are you the same guy as two minute papers? you have the same exact voice. you should check that out.
What about the Hunting Oscillation
7:31 Sorry, but 5 minutes is bad? Honestly, if  that's as bad as it tends to be, that's more than acceptable. If we can deal with buses being later than that, then it's fine.
What is it with tech bros and making shitty trains?
If pods work for Nespresso, why couldn’t it work for rails?
What if you could drive your car onto a train? Like a car ferry, but on land!
0:54 what’s the point of using existing tracks if you have to retrofit them with expensive magnets anyways? just build new tracks?
Was that Age of Empires II music around 12:17 ? :D
Haven’t we already had bullet trains?
160km is REGULAR SPEED???????????  I’m crying right now. Trains in America really don’t top 70mph.
what if we instead of making travel faster using billions of dollars, we change society so that we have more free time with shorter work weeks, so we have more time to enjoy our not super fast transportation?
Why is Higher speed somewhat slower than High speed?
wait higher speed is less than high speed?
Is that FF music in the background?
this video is really good but why is higher speed slower than high speed
Hi Adam, love your content, have been watching for a couple of years now. I like how you dissect these ideas that "sound" interesting but are not in reality.  Are there any interesting infrastructure or city planning ideas that are feasible and that you do like? Just wondering here.   Cheers
How many more times can these people invent worse trains?
Tech Bros: What if we made high speed submarine pods that snuck under the waves for passengers and freight to DiSrUpT the aviation industry, and also used said pods as modular Seasteading constructions? Also, they mine bitcoins and can be used to construct things like oil rigs and space ports.
Can’t tech bros go back to failing to make floating cities and leave working people alone?
6:16 what is bgm here please tell me 😢
Hungarian trains are more punctual thant German ones? HOW?
Why is it always magnets?
Absolutely LOVE that Age of Empires backgroud music, idk how that fits this well :D
can u please make a video about cars with spherical wheels that can turn to every direction, i always thought its super futuristic and useful idea without many drawbacks but whats your realistic thoughts about it?
Is that age of empires background music?   😂
For the railway statistic at 7:27, is that just European countries? If not, where is Japan?
Confused about USA trains jokes. Chicago & NYC trains are great (Other than the fact that they just decide to not show up when they don't feel like it (usually someone jumped in the tracks))
Idk, it's basically like a private jet, but on rails
was that the shadowrun snes bgm at the end there?
Was that friggin Deus Ex soundtrack in there? 😀
Can we call the pod people?
Haven't they already done this twice
can you review some public transportation in argentina? i am courios of how can lost so much money meanwhile is so used
For anyone wondering 550 kilometers per hour = 342 miles per hour if you use that ugly system.
Have you ever heard about "cargo sous terrain"? A swiss underground "pod-system-project". Please make a video about it!
why does american rail suck? because we had it alot longer. yall just slapped down newer models.
Hi @AdamSomething I'm sure you have lots of ideas to debunk bullshit projects, but could you make a video about "Permanent electrified road to charge vehicles while moving"?
Seriously why are tech bros determined to reinvent trains???? Its like trying to reinvent the wheel. A more simpler solution is to make them electric rather than creating a whole new system.
Trains are pretty neat. Can we improve on them instead of the pods thing?
12:04 is that music from aoe2?
Easy to fix. Replace all trains, whats the problem?
Why StarCraft music?
Is that age of empires music at 12:43 ?
How do these people manage to design stuff that makes plastic roads sound like a less terrible idea. Keep in mind plastic is a high demand petroleum product, unlike asphalt which is cheaper, harder, and easier to recycle. It also doesn't photodecay like plastic.  Some people's ideas are bad, other people's ideas are impressively bad.
who the hell is Tech Bros?
Shouldn’t it go Regular - High Speed - Higher Speed?
Guys, what is the cute little song playing at 10:27 ?
On another note, lemme know if you guys need train drivers, tryna get my foot in the door here lop
Perfect video to ask how to fix the German train system
Does anybody know the song at 5:43 in the background?
I would love to see a video on Radiant Nuclear. While I love the concept, I wonder if its feasible/realistic, and maybe hear some more perspectives about SMRs in general!
Who would win: a high speed freight train vs gmail.
In all seriousness, what's wrong with a tech start-up trying to build/sell trains? It's not like trains are bad... It's just that you can't stomach the combination of capitalism and effective transportation. I mean Uber, Flix etc. are all examples of the same that actually work, and are used by a lot of people.
Also how can that pod curve without the accident of hit another pod which is coming from the opposite way?
What's up with the aoe2 soundtrack?
13:25 Is that near Dresden? It really looks like the railway which goes to the Erzgebirge.
Why is higher speed lower speed than high speed
Why would I want my package to be delivered one day earlier? Mmmh, I dunno, efficiency maybe?
Who is this idea even FOR? It's like they invented someone just like them, but slightly poorer, and then forgot everyone else exists
Maybe we should choose someone who LIKES trains, and WANTS to ride in them, to design the train system?
You would think guys who probably sleep with copies of Atlas Shrugged by their bedside would know more about trains.
what if we can hang ski lifts on the existing train cables and electricly power them so they have wifi and usb chargers? And they could give personal scenic views for 4 people!😂
Is that The Neverhood soundtrack at 3:57 ? In the year of our lord 2024 ? Am I going crazy ?
Why is this video also posted to a channel called Tech Gumbo?
Has the tech industry always been like this? When I was a kid I was always fascinated by all these incredible technologies and sciences, these ways we could do stuff we never could before! Now I have a comp sci degree and no desire to work in the industry I got it for...
I know the pods technically aren't monorails, as they would be using preexisting rails, but why does this new pod base train look so much like the Disney monorails to move guests to different parks? Like they are just worse versions of that since they would hold way less people and can be used on even less tracks.
550 km/h would make train derailments so much worse... Are they talking about the same infrastructure that already sees too many derailments? Smh. Tech bros should just go back to ruining teenage girls' self esteem with social media.
These damn Europeans. What will they come up with next?
I always wonder if ideas like this are driven by ignorance and arrogance of thinking more tech equals more good or just a soulless mind to maximize profit in every possible avenue no matter how terrible of an actual plan it is, probably both
Why did I immediately recognize the StarCraft 1 music at 10:10 😂
hmmm... if there were just some way to have their aerodynamic pods go around traffic and avoid the issues running on rails brings all together...
what would be funny if this video is just about isambard kingdom brunell
Is that Age of Empires music playing in the background?
Hey Adam, do you have any ideas of your own - something that 'is' (or could be) viable - and would revolutionize transport in some way?  It doesn't even have to be transport related. It could be energy related. It could be urban planning.
How do you get a container from China to your factory in a day? Fly it
is that the aoe2 music?
9:00 what place/country is this?
Idk why but the sims 2 soundtrack on the supply chain is a genius bit of comedy :'D
okay, but why is Higher Speed slower than High Speed?
Why bother if this only fits less than 50 people? We already have an airplane. And there is no need to invest in a track.
Americans wondering if the auto industry has ever done anything to hold back their rail system...
I wonder if these tech bros have ever set foot on a bus, amtrak train, or light rail car?
From wich game is the music at 10:10? Heard it a thousend times but i cant remember wich game. This is driving me more crazy then our railwaysystem (i am german).
where can i get wall colendur like that?
Secret of Mana and Starcraft? You spoil us.
What's it with Techbros and pods?
someone has been playng starcraft?
10:10 Starsector mentioned?! Adam is giga based
This really got me thinking. Sustaining a hyper loop is . Then why don’t you just build up into the upper atmosphere? You don’t need to have to sustain a vacuum tube because you’re already in it.
I am trying to imagine what happens when that pod crashes into a tunnel entry at 550km/h how does the air and tunnel structure react to the pressure impact ?
Can you talk about the issue of the lack of proper infrastructure for teenagers? Specially parks? They’re always made for younger demographics mostly and it’s annoying
what is this age of empires music?
What's your background? Not doubting you or anything, as always I'm just really curious as to how you got such an extensive knowledge of the industry.
So are these those NFTs the tech bros are talking about? (Non-Fruitful Trains)
Whats wrong with the good old bullet trains? Why it must be "reinvented"?
Wtf are the "tech bros"? Sounds like the reaction bros, lol
Trying to “improve” something they know nothing about? IMAGINE trying to go outside your field of knowledge and claim expertise about it…
What happened to this channel?
Why don't we just build metal boxes with metal wheels and let them run on metal tracks? That sounds like a new idea! Now who's gonna send me billions?
why do you have aoe music in the background?
Deep tech house? Yes a lovely music genre.
If they intend to use mag lev why don't they just build actual mag lev trains
yo was that a song from Age of Empires at 12:02
How can you call this a pod! No self-respecting tech bro would design anything to hold more than 10 people and that’s pushing it! Everyone should be in a two person pod with 20 staff workers, and be made out of pure gold.
Tell me about the games you're playing. SC2 soundtrack was amusing but Age Of Empires is kinda dated. :D
What did they do back in they when computers didn't exist and didn't have the train managing system?
what about 550kmh underground trains?
Is that AoE2 music?
What is the song at around 7 min mark?
have you seen the "underground robot  home delivery system"? what do you think about it
Never heard about that since this video, and nie i am very curious  In Poland modernisation of rail going very slowly, we hypothetically have higher-speed connections between big cities, but trains can't reach the max speed becouse lack of infrastructure  I can't imagine what they have in their minds; maybe magnets can glue metals together, and that is a solution?
does anyone know the outro song? 🥺
Woah, what's that music used in the intro of Freight? Its so familiar yet so unknown.
Just build a set of commercial airports for small aircrafts?
Dear Mr. Something. i've been binging your videos for a past view days and i wonder, is that it? are train the most efficient way to transport people? is there no space left for innovation in public transport technologies?
Have you seen US rail tracks? They look like they have not been maintained in the past 50 years, one of the big reason they have so many derailments!
Can anybody tell me how to find the outro song? I'm sure it's from one of the age of empires games but I can't find it. Oh and great video by the way!
I think they havent thought obout making it a monorail, thus duplicating the tracks.
"what if we took an idea that's been going great for many many years and then made it shitty?🤔 Disruptors!🔥🙌"
What is the tune that is playing at 5:28? I can't remember which game it's from.
What is it about Tech Bros and pods? Why are pods so fucking alluring to them.
Can you make a video about engineering ideas that you think are worth it please ?
Are you a rail expert? What makes you more qualified than they are?
Anyone know the song in the end of the video? Also at 12:00. Sounds so familiar, but can't recognize and Shazam doesn't help.
Trains in america?  Type in "usa train derailments" and tell me if trains should even be legal to operate in the USA after the footage you see
Why am I watching this?
How will it be powered?
10:55 is that a god damn half life 2 container?
Surely people with the funds to do these kinds of projects aren't actually this stupid? There has to be some kind of scam, something they get out of this.
Wait why is your outro music from age of empires 2?
I am curious @AdamSomething would it be possible to do high speed rail underground, or is that very inconvenient?
Do you have any thoughts on Polish mega project called STH - Solidarity Transport Hub? It pretty much divided our country in half because of the politics who came up with idea.  Video about it would be appreciated.
10:09 Do you play Starsector by any chance?
What is your opinion on the Transrapid?
Is that a game "10:10" ?
Czechia is running their trains into each other(?!)
How come there is not a single Tech Bro that understands Metal Fatigue??
Couldn't we just advance tech enough to make driverless trains possible or is that harder than it sounds? It seems like its already pretty close.
Who else had a “wait a minute” moment what the StarCraft music came on in the background at about 10:30?
will you make a video about Leopold Aschenbrenner's (ex openAI employee) essay?  I only read the blog post for now and I have already found three cases of Elon-level bullshit
Can any one tell the name of the Techno song in the beginning?
Why does every techbro previsual of their project just look like stolen assets from Mass Effect?
Both Age of Empires II and Starcraft music? Adam sure likes his classic RTS games.
10:08 wait is that the fuckin starsector megafreighter ship?
How about EM loss and heating? It'll burn up the track with high frequency at that speed.
Can we just replace all the tech bros with AI?
What do you think of the Transrapid?
Okay, I'm 90 seconds into this video and, like, doesnt this company realise that train tracks are built for a particular speed? The curvier the track, the lower the potential speed you can travel on it. You cant just take an existing track with 80kph curves and blast through it at 300kph, your passengers would black out.
What's with the obsession with pods? Even when I came up with a sci-fi concept for an ai-controlled, rocket-propelled, magnetic train, I still gave it connected carriages. Why a fucking pod?
Is there really an oldschool film filter over the whole video?
Why call them tech bros if they're marketeers and BS artists? Admittedly, there is overlap.
Isn't it weird that the most mountainous countries, Switzerland and Japan, has the best punctuality? I'd like a deep dig into that.
What would happen if one of those things hit a deer?  Boson/Higgs particles?
Can you make a video about at least the benefis of using cars? Like I dont get how its a better alternative to trains when it comes to stuff like buying large groceries, large item shopping (rx: you cant carry a bought appliance by hand through train. Thats very inconvenient), also long travel too, cars can also help you get some sleep in some parking lot if you need a quick rest.
I wonder how much the heads at Japan Rail laugh every time they see these scams.
Will Wii background music be flagged for copyright?
Star sector player sick. What's your favorite ship?
Where is the music at 10:09 from??
Do we have any sources for Prosche controlling the AfD? That's funny af.
How about a pod that is powered by boiling water? Imma call it "vapour" engine™ !!
But, what if they smoked even more crack?
What happened to that video about Chaushesku? Got deleted because YT protects romanian commies?
Ukraine update when?
Why are techbros like sexually attracted to pods please
Anyone mind explaining to me why the US rail system went to shit? I'm curious and I know we used to have a lot more rails. Also I just really like trains.
Why is everything a pod with low capacity? Because the rich people this is catering to cannot stand the idea of sitting next to anyone, let alone plebs. It must be luxurious and personal. That's why all tech bro transit sucks, they can't imagine not having their lambo experience.
bro sneaked Tünde Kiszel into my retina what the hell kind of nonconsensual easter egg is this
a small issue i found when you speak about the high speed rails that must use concrete and not gravel but every TGV only lines (LGV) are covered with gravel even during the 570kph record run, so it doesn't seem to be a big issue, great video still
I mean, it *could* be interesting as a retrofit to existing high-speed rail lines, but for what gain, a few extra km/h (which, indeed, regular HST trains sometimes do hit in test runs) and slightly cheaper track and vehicle maintenance? At an insane cost? And by making regular HST trains no longer viable because then they would also force the faster Maglev ones to be delayed? At that point, it would be much better to just build a dedicated Shinkansen or TransRapid Maglev instead. 🤦‍♂
How about MonoRail!
how can I short nevomo?
where can I find a video of 2 trains getting stuffed by 2000 passengers one after the other like in 3:20
Did anybody else get unsubscribed from this channel randomly somewhat recently?
Isnt that just LRT, MRT, etc?
10:09 no way that middle picture is from Starsector, right? Please tell me if it is. I recently started playing Starsector and seeing a ship from it here is an amazing coincidence!
2:08 isn't that the rolling stock of the Austrian Westbahn (Stadler KISS) below the RailJet and not an ICE-L?
You want to travel fast from A to B? You want to pay for an expensive ticket? You want to travel with fewer passengers? Then BUY a fudging plane ✈️ ticket!
7:24 - how does Luxembourg fit into a "long distance trains" graph?
Why is it always pods???
wait.. is that AoE II music in the ending? :D
Are you hunagrian? Cuz I am and I use tbe train u showed as examples every day. Sk im pretty sure you are hungarian
Makes you wonder if they have any intention of actually building anything or if this is just a way to spend some venture capital and pretend that you're smart. They can't really be this stupid, can they?
The German Libertarian party might be under the direct control of Porche? Considering the world that we would get under libertarians is a bunch of corporate states, that makes sense
What is this new wizardry?
Why do tech bros always have to go with fucking pods? This would actually be feasible in a few niche scenarios if it could just be a train rather than fucking pods.
Why even call them pods? Do they have a fetish for jamming pods everywhere?
I would question the need for high speed freight rail.  Why?  Generally (and I have worked in Freight Forwarding, so have some experience with this) the kinds of companies that need to transport stuff via container tend to have their freight procedures organised, so it doesn't matter so much that their freight might be on the train (or a truck) for 3 or 4 hours rather than a couple of hours.   Even where freight has a tight delivery time (such as anything that needs to be frozen or kept cold), they will have procedures in place for dealing with this, even if they need to liaise with local authorities to close roads etc.     They don't need a pod that carries their container at 500km/h..
Not to mention the infrastructure costs and the question of would the infrastructure required for these pods interfere with conventional trains, and what happens when the line uses third rail power delivery.
Okay, but how are we supposed to launder money if not for these tech bros? The Olympics? There are only so many ways to launder money, my friends, and that money isn't going to launder itself.
anyone know the outro song?
Doesn't Sydney have driverless trains?
what in the impractical space colony tech that is both somehow just settled but had decades of pre build infastructure is their idea!? it's low capacity and not scaleable in a practical sense.
Is that a Kiszel Tünde calendar at 11:22? 🤣🤣
What music is played in the background around 7:30?
What the heck is a “kilometer”?
Why invent new tech like this instead of upgrading existing systems and fixing institutional issues like how society treats and supports public transport?
what about communist NFT AI pods rail?
why are they obsessed with pods?
Why improve an existing system when you can invent a worse, more expensive system?
Is Adam Something advertising PODS for your money??
This is not about reinventing trains, but supporting research from a startup business formed by students that formerly competed on a Hyperloop competition and thereby gained expertise in railroad engineering. The hope is that some of the results, be it software or parts of their technical solutions, turn out to be useful for more mundane railroad infrastructure. Whether this form of research funding that results in corporate proprietary technology is a better idea than spending tax money on research positions in academia is another story. Any investor should realize that the proposed concept is a dream castle, but personally, I do admire the engineering that goes into it.
🤣 How many times will they fail to make a train?
I’m also so curious how this thing is supposed to take a curve. Maybe I just misunderstood the design but there’s clearly no bend and the sides of the pod extend down past the tracks. That thing can go straight and only straight
Why cant we have self driving trains tho ? I mean self driving cars are quite far away from being perfect but they do work good enough most of the time.  That should be much easier to accomplish with trains as they already have the system in place for coordination and the system is built on the idea that a train cant just stop any second
What problem are they even trying to solve here, because I never heard anyone in an ICE at top speed say "I wish this thing would go even faster". Top speed is certainly the last concern for public transportation atm.
Copper?! (Laughing in gipsy)
What the heck, why are most of the train examples are from Hungary?
How would that thing even take a turn, what with that aerodynamics skirt nearly kissing the ground?
6:06 wait, so why do you need different controls in every country
1:45 I'm guessing it's just for categorization purposes, but how would a 0mph train work?
Is there a way to make trains better tho?
I know, you only make videos about new Bullshit, but i wonder, what you would say to the Transrapid Project in Europa. I heard they will bring it back.
What are the /two/ Amtrak systems that aren't jokes? I know about NE Corridor/Accela, but what's the second one?
How about under water pods for taking tech bros twenty at a time to visit the Titanic at 550 km/hour?
why are tech bros so obsessed about speed? why fast enough, steady and high capaci—- OH WAIT
You have to wonder if all these tech bro cgi products are not just some ingenious con by 3D marketing firms to take their money.
did... did you play the UNATCO Theme while talking about German trains?
is there a shortage on train drivers if you dont want to train replacements or just straith up dening applicants for training without any explenation on why they dont take you? food for thought
Can you imagine how much expensive copper it would take to construct that third rail over cross-country distances? And trying to retrofit it into existing rail networks that already have things in the middle of the tracks like check rails, switch points, and hotbox detectors?
Anyone happen to know the source on the middle image at 10:10 ? Would make a cool battlemap
Was I hearing AOE2 music in the background??
What is the song at 7:03 to 7:06
Age of empires music?
Magrail. Is that just magnetic levitation train? That already exists and they aren't everywhere for a reason.
Could we just make a regular train with a VC friendly detachable shell? That way we could get funding, and once the press is gone we could throw the shell away and have a decent train.
"How do you solve the problem of not having enough drivers?"  Tech bros, in the corner, starting to vibrate with excitement, frothing at the mouth with their hands raised: "AI!"
suddenly starcraft music? lol
Who...who pays these people to do this...????
I love your vids and keep looking forward to shitty ideas. Why do people have this FOMO mindset and want to reinventing the same concept of ubiquitous thing with even shittier systems? I am working as an assistant for a startups consultant. Boy oh boy so many ridiculous ideas that do not applicable IRL and impossible to be mass-produced.
Adam Something and not just bikes collab?
Why does the train look like Sushi 🍣?
How can you zip past that SICK wall calendar??
10:10 Atlas Superfreighter from Starsector and StarCraft Terran music?
hmm this seems like LIM light rail but worse
Wat? Hungarian trains are actually THAT punctual? I mean i know MÁV has been doing a decent job lately but wow. I remember when i was a kid 20 odd years ago and we used to go by train and deliberately went there 10 minutes late because there was no way the train came in time XD
10:09 Starsector mentioned???
Do people not realize, that if we want pods that badly, we can just put walls and doors around sections of seats and charge more for people who don't want to sit with the poors?  And that a lot of modern trains literally already do this? And it works great? Took advantage of my very own futuristic rail pod™ on a recent trip to Italy to get some extra sleep.
10:09 what's the Atlas doing here?
What is with the obsession of tech bros and pods?
So... how is this train pod supposed to deal with this little thing called "winter"? Which brings this stuff called "heavy snow" and "ice"?   I love this "it's always sunny summer" idea as here in Finland we just had unusually long and cold winter, that started early and ended late. And places like Germany apparently got some snow, which was an issue... based on what I heard.
10:09 IS THAT A FLIPPIN STARSECTOR ATLAS FRIEGHTER I SEE?
Does anyone know the music at 7:03 ?
What are trains? In all my life and in my mechanical engineering experience I've never heard of these trains. Are they related to those tracks i grew up next to? They sound like a great idea.
This is an out-of-season April Fool’s joke, right? Say sike, Nevomo.
what if, instead of magnets, they used the air that the 550km/h pod is traveling through to float the pod? and if traveling at 550km/h near trains and houses and such is bad, they could "levitate" higher to reduce the risk of windows blowing out.
Why does the thing look like a prawn?
Can you make another version of this video, but in freedom units?
Do these clowns even know what's the top speed for a steel-wheel electric train? Have they wondered if perhaps there was some other reasons the TGV doesn't do 580 kilometres per hour in regular service?   Hell, the Frecciarossa 1000 is rated to travel at 350kph on the Rome-Milan line; it still does 300 because the increased costs in railway maintenance were deemed not worth the *ten minutes* taken off the travel time by the Ministry of Transports.
But what do you really feel about them?
What was the spaceship at 10:09 from?
The real question I have to ask is why the heel do they look like low budget submarines
Isn't the innovation here the propulsion system? If the propulsion system could get a more conventional looking train to higher speeds by retrofitting existing high speed track then I don't see a problem here.   Also fully autonomous trains are entirely possible I work on a autonomous network.
Why do tech bros hate the way things work in reality? Because they were raised in an environment where everything needed is handed to them on a silver platter that they fail to develop the skills needed to solve complex problems.
What if rather than being limited by existing rails, we used a series of aerodynamic surfaces to keep the pod stable, and made it so that it could move clear of the ground entirely so it would not interfere with other crossings and could by-pass obstacles? Oh wait, that is an airplane.
Oh! I had a question for you Mr. Something. With all the tech bros and normies focusing on self-driving systems, it got me wondering why we aren't looking into RC transport and cargo? Not for most everyday tasks, but I feel like it would have some applications, like in servicing remote communities or for super long distance trips.
Self driving trains already exist dont they? I catch one to work everyday
Can someone tell me which game the spaceship at 10:10 is from? It feels vaguely familiar.
Please do a video on super computer Elon is planning to build in Memphis, Tn. xAI
American rails are barely good enough to carry normal trains these days. Our infrastructure is crumbling, yay. So how on earth could a train moving 5x faster on that rain?
First thought is "what the f*ck is that"
isn't this totally like a transrapid, that already failed miserably and was at best suited for short-distance travel on dedicated rails? they should build a k*ller-looping in the tracks
... why does the control system graphic have an entry pointing at Iceland? There is no rail system of any kind here.
Can someone remind me what the music is at 10:09? I feel like it's from some game I've played before, but I can't remember it :(
550kph on german tracks?
did the tech bros get paid? by whom?
Yeah i was wondering, how would they retrofit existing tracks when the track speed limit still applies
Why do you not put spain's high-speed railway system as an example? It is the best in Europe by far
I wonder if 4000 years ago there were like tech bros who tried to reinvent the wheel
What is your opinion on Flexy by SNCF ?
What is the track that plays during the 4. title card (Freight)? I swear it's from some 90s computer game.
Has anyone tried reminding rich ppl that private cars exist? I feel like we could sell them on investing in train infrastructure if they remembered that you can have essentially a luxury apartment attached to the peasant transport machine and it can be engineered so you never have to think about or interact with the unwashed masses like us  Like, imagine "pods" that slot into place on existing trains using some fancy future system (bcz they are tech bros and we can't just use the regular switch yards for them) with arms and elevators and traction motors to get it into position (don't worry - once it's on its special carrying car (essentially a rizzed up flatbed), it will be towed by the engine like all the other cars)
Also wait hold on, Japan already made a train like this? xD The Chūō Shinkansen, its in a straigt line and haves stuff build specifically for it, shields and all that and its way above groud  The fact some techbro thinks he can just slap those on a European track network is nuts
Do tech bros scare riding a train with strangers? Why do they love tiny little cradles? Shoutouts from (borderline) punctual and highly saturated Japanese MRT.
I have to wonder how many techbro 'plans' are just due to them being arrogant bloody fools, versus how many are things they don't seriously expect to work, but do expect to get them more money before enough people with authority realize it's a scam, like Elon and the hyperloop.
That or you could idk make it go 800km/h and have it fly high up. Maybe call it a plane.
the FDP is supposed to be owned by Porsche?  sry Iam quite certain only Lindner is owned fully by Porsche. Wisching and the rest ofthe party enjoy joined ownership by VW, Tesla, Porsche and some others.
What actualy is the point of having a train above like 100mph
0:19 they added SpaceX rockets to it?  lol
Minute and a half in and I'm going to throw it out: how will they take turns?
OK, who else paused at 11:22?
how about a pod that can levitate further from the ground without needing any rail network and being able to travel at 550, 700 and even 900 km/h? let's call it a plane
Why is it always a pod? Why in every one of these sales pitches, everything's in a "pod"? Why are these people so obsessed with pods? I don't understand it. What is so appealing about putting everything in tiny little pods? I swear these tech bros must dream "pod pod pod pod" every night for all this pod obsession. Why?
How is the 550 km cable car supposed to deal with stuff like weather or track obstructions? It seems like 1 heavy snow and everyone in any of those pods one that are going to die
Ride near the Elbe River with Königstein fortress?
But what if ... It holds 30 people?
Why does it look like a shrimp nigiri though?
Is it just me or when the nevono was put over the map of france I realised it looked like a baguette
Hos do you know someone is a Partisan?  They'll tell you.
What is it with techbros and not being able to link things together
I am no expert but don’t high speed rail tilt their tracks to deal with g forces? Normal low speed rail makes quite sharp turns. I don’t think humans have come up with a material strong enough to prevent the pod from flying of the rail at  500km/h.
If you did add the maglev bit, but kept it at normal rail speeds, would it help fuel consumption?
4:25 "external" wallet? What's an "internal" wallet? 😳👆🏾🫨
Now THIS is character development for the tech bros
What's the source of the music at 10:08 when the Freight segment starts?
Adam, why always so negative and small thinking? youi need the right mindset. what about crack? that might help :D Awesome content and greetings from Germany
Why ERTMS at 5:18 thats just wrong ?
My god! Have these "tech bros" NEVER even have a single train obsession once?  I mean, even if they never were around physical trains we have MULTIPLE TRAIN SIMULATORS!  How is it possible they have never heard what a TRAIN IS?!
i'm watching this one, but how do i watch the member's only version of this vidoe?
Perhaps we should first figure out how we can get good high speed rail in the US... and then figure out how to automate it all after the fact. Also, 20 people? That thing looks like more than 20 people would fit in it. Sounds like they're artificially limiting capacity because they don't want to share a train with other people.
Where’s the loo? Let’s pretend it has one, everyone’s going to know it was you
Kurwa! What’s wrong with the good old SU45?
Why are tech bros so obsessed with pods?
What if you replaced the train with pods and the tracks with pods and the passengers with pods and the pods with pods, then you put the pods in pods and pods pods pods pods podspodspodspodspppppppppp
Again????? Why does everyone try to reinvent trains but worse?!
Are crypto bros in a lucid dreams 90% and don’t know what’s possible irl
Doesn't Japan already have Maglev testing I don't know how long ?!!
Did I see a Star Sector reference at 10:09 ?
why cant we just get whoever built the TGV or Shinkansen to build out and operate our whole passenger rail system rather than all these people trying to reinvent the train
Given the hyperloop doesn't exist, wouldn't something between a regular train and a hyperloop just be a train that goes half as fast?
Hyperloop inspired Train at 550 kph ? *Laugh in TGV max speed at 574 kph* Also the thing is that train with great capacity would have a huge quantity of inertia if they were used even faster so making them stop would be a challenge.
High speed on existing rails by installing mag equipment for propulsion on the rails... which is different from electrification with a third rail? Overhead lines being so disgusting to look at I guess.
Out of curiosity, what do you think IS a reasonable use for a mag rail, if built brand new? Or are ALL mag rails destined to fail?
I always wonder: Do you ever get reactions from these companies you cover? Surely any Investor would get his money out after seeing your video
What's the deal with "tech bros" and pods? Why are they so fixed on the same designs to show how "cool and unique" they aren't?
But its a pod "train" cant we give them at least one point for going the right way? I mean comon those bros worked hard on this bitcon mining scheme
Are realy czech trains more punctual than german trains ?
Why so fast, tech bros, why so fast? Very few people and very few things need to go fast. Take it easy, tech bros, slowly and growly.
10:09 IS THAT A STARSECTOR REFERANCE??
Ask Musk about copper theft. There have been hundreds  of them at Tesla's SCs over the past few months. You'd think tech bros would take note when one of the meg tech bros is getting robbed this way.
so wait, why do these things got proposed? is it just for clicks on the internet or do they use it as a grift to get funding them run off with the money? I just don't get this at all.
Can you make a video of your opinion on the Chinese railway system? Thanks
How many people /stuff can a railway move? Looks at the mobilisation at the beginning of the first world war... Apparently quite a bit.
How could we make trains better then?
If the country gets better would you move back to Hungary? You could do a lot of good here!😄
Do you think that these "ideas" are just a way to try to circumvent regulation?  To avoid efficiency and safety standards. 20 or however many people per pod means they get to sell more pods, and fast pods let's them sell an advantage that doesn't really exist.  Trains and rails have rules.  There is nothing in the rulebook about Pods, anything goes right?  They use the word pod because it isn't currently associated with trains, like say container is.
Why do these "pods" look like pregnancy tests when laid out in a grid of 100?
Ignoring all the tech bro spin, I do wonder if it is possible to do Maglev on conventional style train tracks, like a high speed rail+, and if you could, would it be cheaper than full maglev?
Did you already expose the corruption in Germany about the train topic? If not , would be nice jf you do so
Please, anyone have the song source for 7:03 ? it is killing me. Love these videos but the pain is real
The TGV, ICE and Shikansen are the fastest? What about Chinese trains?
11:20 Kiszel Tünde offering her sausage? I wonder about the other months on this calendar.
Sometimes I wonder how do you find all these bogus companies 😂😂😂
Is it possible to short these companies?
Did he just put Age of Empires music in the end 🤣
have you thought to do a video on how every company is putting "AI" in their products when its nothing more than a simple computer program? Like come on a toothbrush with "AI"...more tech key word bandwagon.
Not sure if these guys know, but train tracks are made for a maximum speed. They have a different corner radius and so on, depending on the speed they are made for. If the track was only build with 250kph in mind, you can't just put a meglev train on it and make it go 500kph. It'll just fly off the track as soon as it hits a curve.
Ok, what is that music at 10:10? i recognise it but can't recall where
What about improve current rails quality instend of wasting money at more car lanes?
This is the first "Adam Something" video I've seen and I immediately subscribed. I am wondering why it took Youtube years to recommend one of his videos to me. Their algos have suggested so much crap to me in spite of the fact that I never click on it.  You have to wade through a sea of toxic propaganda, violence, soft porn and the glorification of stupid behavior before you're exposed to any new content worth watching. It is maddening. You would think that they would get a clue from what you've subscribed to, but nope.
If rich people want a rich people only travel service why not just buy A-320neo and do a Business Class only set up? So for Warsaw to London at 900kph.
So who came up with these things and how much traction is it getting? I mean, you can make videos on every stupid idea in existence.
alternatively: "What if planes, but on tracks"
10:10 Where's the middle freight picture from?
I’m afraid I’m getting fat, what should I do?
Could you make an in depth video of the ETCS and how far we are on our way to autonomous trains? I imagine a world with high frequency trains like every 10 minutes because the alck of drivers and never ever have to care about schedules or running to catch a train because the next one is just around the corner *-*
Could the pods stop, please!?
Hey, what about Ironlev? Could you check that?
is deep tech train at least selling drugs? good drugs I mean.
where is the reset of europe in that graph ?
Is StarCraft music in public domain now?
Wait… the frieght section features the Starsector Atlas freighter and StarCraft Terran theme?  Also, the freight pod system was rendered obsolete by a wall calendar and post. You know, that stuff that travels by… train and boat.
How about a train that only uses wheels for starting and stopping, it doesn't need rails and can go faster than 550 kms, and over water too with hundreds of people.😊
Why didn't they use japan as an example? They have a maglev train and honestly if you were to look to any country for trains it should be japan
Can we talk about the brief moments of dark age theme music from age of empires?
6:57 am I the only one to mistake those pods for salmon?
did anyone else thats not a member get this as a "member only" video you couldn't actually watch? it was in my recommended all morning i was getting really annoyed
Why does it have to look like a suppository?
Like... why not take contract work and build out the train nerwork instead of puting more tracks on the already crowded lines? A lot of countries specially usa could use more tracks, sure no techy stuff but I think there is good money in that.
why are they always so against long things?
Sigh, isn't the existing speed sufficient?
Cool song! What’s the name? Damn, Adam just destroyed this company 😂
have you considered upgrading current train infrastructure with bitcoin?
Can someone please explain to me what a train is???
High speed driverless pods, as in..... metro?
They have to be willfully ignorant to not consider the most basic obstacles to their "idea". Do they really think all that's necessary to have a train go 550km/h is designing a train to go that fast? Using Caltrain electrification in the Bay Area as an example, we're getting EMUs on a single line system that's fairly straight, which would make it seem simple to go really fast. The trains are designed for 200km/h, but regulations mean that the rail line is currently only classified for 127km/h, because of limiting factors like level crossings. That will change for California HSR, but there's a lot of infrastructure work needed to make that a reality, not just fast train go zoom.
“What if we took a soccer mom’s van, and like, put it on rails” - Deep Tech
"Deep-Tech"... is that something like "deep-dish" ? Naming itself pizza, but actually a casserole
Surely a pure coincidence so much of tech bros „inventions“ look phallic.
Heyyy, one question: Why the hungarian trains? 2:00
What if we made a train that was fucking pointless?
First sails and now this? Do people not learn history anymore?
is it pods again?
Did they actually use an orange Stadler WINK render in their comparison?
This also feels like it shifts a lot of the operating costs onto the individual shippers. Instead of owning a few cheap rail cars that last many decades that you can just leave at your factory siding to fill at your convenience, now you either have to maintain individual vehicles or have the necessary equipment to load up shipping containers onto the flatbed pods owned by a third party. Where's the cost incentive here, and for who?
Tech Bros are the natural parasitic predator of the wild investor. My question is, are the majority of investors genuinely ignorant, or are the majority of investors conscious to everything being a scam and just think *they'll* be the ones to pump and dump out faster than the others
My question is would the nevomo trains actually be able to reach atleast 350/h on regular track if there was no other traffic or would it need new straighter tracks lie HSR. Because if it can, it will be a similar alternative to tilting trains which also aim to reach high speeds on curvy track. That being said, if we replaced the pods with actual trains but kept the same maglev technology wouldn't that theoretically increase the speed of all trains on the network.
Why can't we just have unsexy regular rail operating at 160 KM/h aka 100MPH? 100 MPH is pretty darn fast. That'll be over 50% faster than most US freeways and it doesn't require anything beyond standard rail technology. Slap on some wifi and maybe a coffee or restaurant service onto the train and you've got optimized transport. People can work or relax during their commute. Then housing becomes far less of an issue since they can live further away from city centers but still travel quickly. Perfect for the US where existing rail Networks can be used with unsexy regular speed rail at 100MPH. That speed is also perfectly optimized for energy efficiency and reduced wear and tear so lower maintenance while still getting a good speed.
Where is that freight spaceship at 10:10 with the StarCraft music from?
Why the fuck does the ERTMS still need local supervision? Couldn't LIDAR and other sensors take care of what ever a traindriver has to do with acceleration and breaking?  Also I want a dedicated High Speed Rail network connecting every European Capital and City with more than 1 Million People. And no Stop should be a dead-end station.
The question is, do we need “trains” that are this fast?
wait wouldn't something like plane be more akin to the goals they want, or i think, idk how fast they usually are
Anyone else realise they’ve just developed a worse more ineffective version of private jets?
What happends if there is a bear,moose or a tree on the rail?
Why have linear motor at all then ?
Railways? You mean train highways 🦅🇺🇸
How many times has this happened now?
Did.. did they just take a monorail train model and put it on a regular track?
How about putting it on top of Neom?
I would say the second train at 2:10 is a Dutch SLT? It is one of the Sprinter services regardless.
Yk... Now that i think about it why is America focusing so much on roads when we have ✨ trains ✨ Subways/metros i mean when im ridding the subway it just feels... Better 💃
What is that recorder song called? It's so funny!
what is it with tech bros and pods? is it all because of the iPod?  edit: also why *shouldn't* a car company have it's own political party?
Here in Russia, too, many people dream of high-speed trains. Who needs them and why, where the average distance between megacities is several hundred and even more than a thousand kilometers is not clear... Stupid consumers of marketing nonsense.
wait, wait, what about a system where we attach many pods together... we could call it a multi-pod
11:21 What calendar is that and where can I get one?
cheeky starsector Atlas screenshot I see.  ADAM STARSECTOR PLAYTHROUGHT WHEN??
How the hell do these people keep reinventig things that have been efficient for generations,& make them worse...EVERY.SINGLE.TIME!?
What about just get the Japanese Bullet train license?
Is that Age of Empires music in the outro?
I don't get their fascination with pods!?  I know they wish to be their alone and hate the idea of hanging out "with them poors!" but good grief.
You think we can eventually trick these tech bros into doing ACTUAL rail? We can give it an IPod make-over if we must, but they’re so close to not being stupid dammit.
Age of Empires music? Subscription earned.
This lacks ambition. I'm waiting for Elon's Starship Rocket Sideways on Rails in a Tube concept.
7:02 What is the name of this this song/music?
wouldnt trains moving at that speed rip apart the rails themselfs
I'm curious the Caledonia from England to Scotland. For its fastest part of the journey would it be higher-speed or still regular speed
Is that DEUS EX MUSIC?
Can't these guys think up something practical? Like an elevator where you can turn off floor buttons?
Why was my boy atlas in the same shot has failing frieght ir did nothing wrong.
Middle ground between something we have and we don’t have. Why not make something we don’t have?
Ploy to 'sabotage California high speed rail'.  Why did he even bother?   SNCF pulled out out the US and said "political environment is too dysfunctional" and proceeded to build high speed rail in Morocco. Construction began in 2011, finished in 2017, for $2 billion per 300 km of track.  Nobody needed to sabotage Cali HSR. It's self-sabotaging.
Guys what if we had a robotic aparatus to start FIRE with the help of AI
Maybe they wanted to make Renai transport real?
Do they know they look like dahir insaat?
In France, the work on the high-speed train is very controversial because the SNCF (our national rail service) is injecting hundreds of millions into the building and maintenance of these lines, while lower-speed lines lack the funds needed for their upkeep, even though they serve more people overall.
Is the train made entirely of graphite and glitter too?
Side question: Why are we even calling them techbros? The -bros part bothers me a lot. They don't contribute to better society and does the reverse, they're just pretend experts on tech because money, and people hate them generally.  They're not bros, they the opps.   Techopps.
Why don’t we just bring back streamlined steam locomotives? Like the ones we used to have in the 1930s.
Who keeps funding these bad ideas?
didn't he talk about this like 6 times already?
Dutch trains are 93% punctual?  I suppose when you keep cancelling trains altogehter, they are never late.
Alan Fischer Adam Something crossover?
Seriously, at what point did "pod" become such a buzzword among techbro grifters? Should we blame kid Anakin?
Why are people so hellbent on going so fast this close to the ground??
you play starsector? And have a cute cat? Have a +1.
If a train can't be linked together, doesn't that just make it a car with extra steps?
Bro, here me out, bro... what about a triple-decker pod mag-lev train running on normal train lines that goes at 800 KPH? Where are my VC funders at? You only need to pay me 500k per annum. I'll get you some really impressive 3D renders.
are pods just default now becuase the cgi rendering on them is easier
7:17 italy? ITALY?!  NNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!! 😱🤯😭😭😭😭😭😭    if anyone asks how things are in germany these days, show them this chart!
What will happen inside the pod when it hits a curve designed for 140km/h at 550? It's got to have some magical anti-gravity devices installed to stop you flying into the walls.
What if someone invented a super tripple deck train going across europe so efficent people wanted to take it & put money into it
Do you think the Japanese maglev will work?
10:10 where middle picture is taken from? What's game it is? Upd. it's from Starsector
trains are already fast, why make them faster?
But the renders! Did you see the renders! Hahahaha!
adding LIMS to exist rails? these will have a downtime of yes and use more energy than the world has
I wonder what the first techbro like solution was... Must be a 1850 when enough bad ideas had been tried for some to have been forgotten..
Drivers are machinists, right? So they have technical knowledge to fix the train if needed. Driverless train could become those self driving cars in San Francisco. When something goes wrong, just wait there for a human to come for help.
2:48 Whats with tech bros and pods?
Where do you get your wall calendars from!? 🙃
how do these tech companies even open up do they all just crash and burn eventually?
Tech bro trains??? Is it time (not holding out hope)
2:31 Are those models from that mobile game Trainstation?! That's a blast to the past.
Retrofit? Yikes. Good luck with that.
It was the music form the last fight in sonic 2 right? around 10:10 edit: no, it's starcraft 1
Interesting are they gonna discover long range Bus's ? ( im in one right now ).
where in the world are there 4 seperate tracks running between the same points.
Could you not praise the French trains too much please ? We have a reputation to maintain, you know, SNCF and all that.
Why why why can't we just start with heavy investing into a trans European interoperable train network.  I want to go with regular overnight cars everywhere. That is all I want. At least Austria is doing it. But we need more.
where did you get the nice graphics of train compositions from. Vagonweb?
what was that wall calendar and how do i get one
This pod shape is made so ideal to better insert them into the backsides of the tech bros...?
dude can u do a video on the israel palestine war , pls
I just don't understand the argument against autonomous trains, how is a driver going to prevent an accident better than a computer that can see what's happening on the entire line?  For example, if a train is stopped longer than usual at a station, The computer can control the speed of all trains on the line so that this anomaly is corrected and the trains still arrive on time. A human controller coordinating with a driver could never do this so efficiently, so what's the point of the driver? The only reason trains still have drivers is unions.  In my city, the new lines are all autonomous and are vastly superior, but the old lines cannot be updated because the union does not allow it.
Techbros? What about the Techsis' Adam
How did you find this? I'm from Poland and I'm interested in the rail industry and market and I've never heard of this before.
where are the plane pods? with automated pilots for the 4 passengers per pod??
Various Polish railways still rely on EMUs designed in the 50's. Why are they doing this pod stuff?? Are they tring to trick some country with more money than sense to give them a fat stack of cash???  Edit: This cannot exist in Poland, copper thieves out here are too advanced. Heck, if they built a full scale model and inevitably abandoned it after their failure, it'd be gutted in a week.
Okay but what if we do that but instead of just using AI, we add NFTs?
Does anybody know what bossa nova track is at 2:45
"Is this "train" in the room with us right now?"
@AdamSomething How do you feel about Multiple Unit type trains, which have a limited or sometimes no ability to couple/decouple?
Honest question to people smarter than me: Is a Europe wide high speed network possible? It would have just a few stops on the major cities. Example would be Vienna - Munich - Frankfurt - Amsterdam. There are images online looking like a londonesque underground map
what is that cursed calendar at 11:22?
Is it just me, or does it seem like our Man here is getting more and more disgusted with the state of affairs?  I mean, tell us how you really feel, Adam 😄
550 km/h ? Bro, the French already did that - *insert footage of the 574,8 km/h TGV test run*  Don't trains already need to be grade separated at 160 km/h speeds? (Which is why between Budapest and Hegyeshalom trains can only go that max speed occasionally?)  Man. It was hilarious to be in Berlin this April, be stood on the S-bahn platform at the station near Alexanderplatz, and see an ICE train slowly roll through the station   *sees video of Bzmot being pushed along by passengers* *FALLS OFF CHAIR LAUGHING*  12:19 *insert anecdote about a Budd Metroliner pulling the windows out of a PRR MP54 railcar passing it in the opposite direction at around 140+ mph*
Giga Chad train enjoyer quiz: Which eu country had its last operational train in 1931
A big fan of it, but why the StarCraft music?
Why is the quality of this video so appalling? Is it a stylistic choice? Because if so, it's gash.
Could someone tell the techbros to try invent a way to lay tracks (everything from grading to signalling) quicker?   Bruh they already overengineered techbro trains in like the '70s? It's called MAGLEV, the only weird bit about it is that it WORKS
What's that track in the beginning?
Whattttt trains!? What is that! never heard of that! Seems very useful!
Can you bring more stories of anarcocapitalist children doing children stuff i find these so funny to watch :D
Lmao why do all of their pod concepts look like futuristic techno bullshit sex toys
5:25 what in the tarnation is this bulgaria-serbia union?!
Why are Techbros so averse to making things scalable and mass-transit suitable? Is it blatant ignorance of the actual requirements of modern day public transport? Or is it arrogance and a dislike for the lower classes?
Another Elon Musk's re-invention of existing stuff, but in worse?
OceanGate design makes me worry!
