11:04 will you play the next game whoever guarding you ask him what's your favorite color and say how do you want to change
Who’s here after a game wining drive against the lions at the divisional round
I wonder what brown whispered to him it look like it stuck with Daniels
What can I do to make video better.
As a QB how tf do you even see that throw ? Like what I wouldve threw the ball way tf off 😭😭 11:26
That's what the Lions did last year against the Cowboys but it didn't count. Did Trent Scott let the Ref know before the play that he was Eligible? Who keeps the Ball? It was Trent Scott's first touchdown and Jaydem Daniel's first touchdown.
Anyone else think CTB would be a great safety?
Daniels can run like lamar but might be a better passer?? 🤔.  Its not like washington has a great receivers except scary terry but daniels passes are great and he can run.  Even that spin-move run to get a first down is like lamar
but did u see that block by Jeremy Mcnichols on that T Mclaurin catch??!! 11:26
No touchdown animation for Trent Scott? 😔 what A shame
6:14 whT the hell was the kicker doing?? Number 2??? Like cmon man
13:00 well that looks familiar?
This just pissed me off patriots where is Drake May..?!?!? 🤬🤬
Why does the commanders center always look seconds becore a snap that to me seems like a easy way to let defense know
The missed field goal is technically a turnover on downs.... no?
Why does the graphic of first cut says "Commanders Commanders vs Cincinnati Bengals"?
Didn’t burrow and Daniel’s play Together at lsu?
Is Washington going to be that team nobody saw coming? That QB they got is pretty good.
Chicago Bears wondering if they got Bryced not picking the second guy, oh no!
2:28 what did I miss? Or is this just the camera messing with my eye?
Hey Commanders fans..are yall getting that RG3 vibe from 2012 again? yall should be.
Pass interference with the back of the helmet ?
Are Washington play off bound?
CALEB WILLIAMS WHO?
Nice 2 see Washington doing good but wtf is happening to Cincinnati looks like the super bowl loss hurt more than any one though
Why isn't Ben Sinnott getting much playing time.  He can sub in for Ertz. But they just put in Bates.
could JD the second coming of RGIII for the Commandoes!?
Won't Daniels' performance turn out to be just a disgusting Bengals defensive play? We'll find out in the next match.
$275 Million for 5 years????
whats wrong with bengals defense.....
As a Falcon fan first I want to say good game Washington.. y'all look good.. second that pass interference in the end zone looks like the same exact one that happened to Kyle Pitts.. is there any difference? Thanks curious fan
Nothing to really do with the game specifically but has anyone noticed how much more enthusiastic joe buck has been these last 2 years? He used to have the excitement of a tomato.  Somehow becoming one of my favorites now.
So thats a pass interference (which it was) but the KC one against Pitts was not ... gotcha NFL. At least try to make it look less obvious.
bro jamaar why did u have a good game i would of won my fantasty but he had to drop 2 tds and 130 yards receiving
In a redraft, at this point who goes number 1?
are they booing tee higgin?
Who was tha QB between Burrow & JD at LSU?😂feel like I forgot all about bro or was he just playin when JD got hurt
how many punts or turnovers have the Commanders had this season? I don't know how much the Commanders could improve over the season. How much better could you be than tonight? Just keep playing like they did tonight.
Somebody please explain why the Bengals boo’ing Higgins?
Is he better than Caleb??? He might be
Are they going back to The Redskins? Do anyone know
Did Jayden Daniels make even a single mistake the whole night??
Why are so many helmets flying off this year? Is anyone else noticing this?
It’s the redskins btw, wtf is a commander
So is the Bengals defense that bad or are the commanders good this year?
Burrow looks scared and jumpy. I wonder if he has lost his edge?
Is this what it feels like to have a franchise QB?? tears of happiness..
Who are Commanders?  Is there no more Redskins?
Did Scott keep the ball
We not going to bring up how Washington’s o-line was holding the entire game and never got called for it?
What did Washington have to trade to get literally all of the chargers offense in one trade?
What are the Bengals going to blame it on this week? 🤔
Tell you what, Trent Scot is going to be a very interesting trivia answer someday!
The REDSKINS won?
Is too early to say Jayden is for real?
Could you hide that "Live on ESPN" floating score from another game... Here in Europe we have to be hiding from the scores lol.
Why does ESPN insist on broadcasting the scores other games while watching a game? I like to record the other games then watch them later but can't do that because they give away the scores ahead of time. It's like giving away the ending of the movie.
I wonder what Joe did with his hair this week
Any  players on defense show up for either tonight?
What happened to the Bengal's defense? I've never seen it get rocked this bad from a below average team since Burrow got to the Bengals.
Is this a Scorigami??
Nfl as someone who wakes up for a 5 am shift can you guys just put the 2 teams as the main picture it's annoying going to bed then wanting to watch these games but then seeing the winners as the picture for the video
Interesting DPI call at the end. I wonder at what game this week I saw something similar? Maybe even this Sunday... Hmmm
Can you guys put both teams in the thumbnail so we don’t know who wins
How many gd commercials can they squeeze in 8 minutes.  I'm just gonna google the score and save 20 minutes of bs
What happened with benglas defense?
So that PI got called in the end zone but not Kyle pitts??
What did I just watch
WHO ARE THESE COMMANDERS!!!?  LFG!!!!
What is up with bengals?
Wtf was the kicker doing on ekelers return, just completely avoided tackling him. Was so obvious too didn’t even hide it
am i hallucinating or is the speed of this video slightly sped up (my playback speed is normal)
Why are the thumbnails different.. if you want to change it, at least keep them the same
Why are the Bengals all dancing when they score, they are down and are 0-2. Need to be humble either way.
How was this game penalty whise?
Are the Commanders sneaky good? 😲
Why do the Bengals only show up when it’s time to play the Chiefs
How could the chargers let go of eckler?
What has happened to Cincys defense?
hi friends! I'm Brazilian, I would like to know if you Commanders fans still use the name Redskins in your country? I'm from Brazil, a fan of the commanders, I have old shirts with the old logo, would there be any problem wearing the shirt? A simple curious question. I thank.
If that was pass interference then I dunno why the other call in the Kansas game was not?
Is this the birth of Daniels???
wait wtf is mccaffrey doing in washington????
Does Scary Terry finally have the QB he’s deserved his whole career?
I've got just into NFL. Tell me in Hockey words what happened in this game and why it was such a good game for Commanders? I had a bet on Commanders win and it pulled through. Nice!
Zach Ertz catches on a clutch 3rd and 10 for the second time in the game..am I watching an Eagles game?
Im sorry... Did you say only 2 incompletions?
Well lookie at that! Bengals offense looking pretty good the 3rd game in. Are they trying to prove Pre-Season games are necessary? Maybe they need to start showing up to them.
Ok is it just me or does ekeler look the quickest he's ever been??? Light years quicker than last season for sure
Are the Commanders this season’s Lions or Jets? Daniels is some QB. That final TD toss was highest quality stuff.
So they call PI on that when the defender clearly turns his head but never called PI against Chiefs 😂 refs need to be consistent. Also Daniel’s absolutely ballin out.. can’t wait to hear Nick wright try and tell us Caleb is playing better
What about the no-call pass interference on the 2pt conversion
11:45 Why isn't this pass interference? He's not looking at the ball and he's tackling the receiver before the ball gets there. To top it off, the announcers totally ignore the foul even during the replays.
11:25 did anyone see that RB block?
Hey @nfl, how is it possible that your referees don't call pass interference when a defender hits a receiver's chest early, and about 24 hours later they call pass interference on a very similar play?!?
Will the Washington Commanders do a better Job protecting Daniels than the Washington Redskins did protecting Griffin III....   Daniels has shown great potential tonight, but he has to be protected for the Commanders to succeed as the years go by....
Now the Bears wondering why they didn't pick JD and let the Redskins took him...
When is the last time Washington played this good?.. 1985?
Can we please get rid of the "Commanders" name already? Same with the Cleveland "Guardians". What happened to creative sports team names?
Bengals complained about the Reg last week. What about this week???
Are Commies good or it’s just Cinci’s bad defence?
Wait isn’t a missed fg considered a turnover
Slow start huh?
idk if i should say commanders have a future qb or say where was the defenses? did they stay home? seems like both offenses was doing as they wanted!
did anyone catch that block by the RB at 11:27? Good lord
Last Year 1st Pick Bryce Young (Bust?) 2nd Pick CJ Stroud (Franchise QB)  This Year 1st Pick Caleb Williams (Bust?) 2nd Pick Jayden Daniels (Franchise QB?)
How was that his first career passing TD when he’s thrown like 5 lol
Ok, so the MVP question today is: Darnold or Daniels.... crazy😂
What stadium were they playing in? I couldn’t tell who the crowd was for? It was equal cheering for both sides
Do Bengals players ever block for each other?
Are the Chiefs or Kelce or refs responsible for this loss, too?  This is the type of game & team should be discussed.
What the heck is Mark Rypien playing, am I in 1991 lol!
Caleb Williams who?
Did the bears mess this up again
How do you expect to win when you give up 38
WTF happened to the Bengals. They are 0-3 now😂😂😂😂
Did the refs help the commanders? Cincinnati fans?
Does *anyone* look 'Good' in Week 3? I feel like truncated training camp & pre-season are really hurting team cohesiveness.
Is it just me or has Joe Buck vastly improved as a commentator the past couple of years
It sure looked like dude did not get both feet down on that last TD by Washington.
what is even happening in the nfl rn
There was so many things I saw the Redskins do tonight that I havent seen in so long. Is there actually hope?
What happened to the bengals hyped defense😂
Cincy 0-3?  Is this real?
How did commanders pull this off
Two Heisman Trophy winning QBs from the same Alma Mater (LSU) square off. Has that ever happened before?
What about that’s bills score in the corner 😊
Am I the ONLY Bengals fan bitching about this group of fairies lack of tackling in all three games? That's why we lost tonight. Not taking anything away from the Commanders, but if the Bengals handle the tackling, we win.
if kicker kicks the ball in the air instead of on the ground can the kicking team move? i thought ball had to hit the ground first on an on side kick attempt  amateurish special teams play when if you dont recover the game basically ends? that dont look good for bengals chances of a winning division or decent season when you have five guys bungle a special teams play
Did the Bungles not get the memo that the season started?
Not sure if the Redskins are actually good or if the Bengals over hype is finally coming to light.
Not sure if the Redskins offense is that good or the Bungles defense is that bad.  Either way, Cincy is in trouble.
These players are great players. Not such great dancers. Why are the celebrations part of the highlights?
1st game since 1944 with no turnovers or punts????? 😏🤷🏼‍♂️
Caleb who? Lol
Is this video sped up?
Which team 0-3 team makes the playoffs, Bengals or Jaguars?
Why ain’t anyone saying the refs are making sure the bengals lose??? Oh guess yall only wanna b*tch bc chiefs out here beating teams down
wonder how the Bungholes can blame the refs for this one huh lolllllll
Beautiful deep throw how the hell was he that open? Nothing cheap nothing deep. But that's a coverage call so that's on Anarumo.
Where are the defenses in this game ??
Washington Commanders winning? What is this?
Scary Terry finally getting some yards? Maybe he can finally move off the bench in my fantasy
How tf can something possibly get 16k views in 8 mins
What's the Bungles magic number for postseason elimination? 1? 2?
I don't wanna call it yet, and I may be SLIGHTLY biased as a Commanders fan lol, but dare I say JD5 has a great rookie season like the last #2 pick in the draft before him? (CJ Stroud)
I picked Caleb Williams as the guy to win OROY before the season began   Is it too late to change my pick to Jayden Daniels?
Washington got a Franchise QB? 🤔
Since when were the Bengals this bad?
