Will it be 30 fps on consoles?
What Platform is this on?
you guys are still alive? still not bankrupted? I will not buy a single ubisoft game anymore. please be history already. seeing your name is enough to vomit.
The version on PS5, will be compatible with mouse and keyboard?
Am I the only one feeling the vibes of the old Civitas from FX Interactive?
It looks great, but as an old city builder fan who haven’t played any games in this series, I’m a bit concerned about the size of the islands😅
Why do you release game to creators early? this devaulated the game by 50% for me (just like a car driving out of the showroom) I'll wait for a sale since I wont pay big bucks for game that's not new. It's most fun for everybody when game releases globally.
i never played anno, can somebody just tell if its comparable to age of empires for example, I mean the strategic battles, or is it focused more on building? i was big fan of age of empires or also bannerlord, or medieval total war, so dont know if this anno would be something for me.
These games any good?
Is this like the ultimate modern version of Caesar 3? I used to love this game so much...
Can we get an Ancient Rome Assassin's Creed game?
Is the anno series really known outside Germany??
Why always islands? Doesn't make sense. So ugly maps
Cant wait can we also maybe get a isometric small filed anno. I miss the old graphics.
No Christianization path ? .Man , game ruined .
This company still around? 😂
Will this require a Ubisoft account to play or can I simply buy it and play?
Game looks promising, but is it me or the graphics are exactly the same as ANNO 1800 ?
Is this Caesar V?
Is it inspired by Manor Lords or was Manor Lords inspired by something else? It feels very similar to me.
11:44 An elephant on a boat? Curious where that is for
Are the subtitles out of sync for anyone else?
there's a hot redhead in the menu and not an African transsexual? woah
How could it win anything yet? Lmao. This thing is overhyped. Mark my words.
Wait. Am I... hyped?
Will I be happy trying this series out on PlayStation and with a controller? Been moving away from PC and while I know this is the type of game that would benefit from M+K just wondering what everyone’s experience is playing with a controller?
GTA 6 who dis?
My question is, what is your problem with the Persian language? Why don't you have Persian subtitles?😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
11:59 why the f is the german government funding Anno?
Am I the only one who gets the vibe of an Anno 1800 DLC rather than a completely new game? Don't mind me the game looks awesome nonetheless
Why no Mac version
I ask the developers: It would be possible to walk around the cities with a first-person view? As a simple observer of details from a first-person perspective.
Egypt dlc with elephant units???,
I wonder if they will add additional regions like Egypt, Germania etc - that would be so cool.
Is this the first time we've seen ground troops and Ground combat in an Anno game? I can only ever remember sea combat. That in itself is a breath of fresh air
Do they have best pc game award already and its not released or what's that
It looks like the Ilands are bigger? Didn’t like in the previous series that I needed 2or 3 ilands to make my colony working   And Al’s didn’t like the boat go off the map to the new world ? How is it in this map?
Locking units and buildings behind research seems like a bad idea, I feel like those should be similar to old Anno (population unlocks), but maybe keep the buffs and upgrades as research?   Also where are all the male voices?
when will they start with the season dlcs?
So Ubisoft still can make good games ? That is unbelievable.
please Ubisoft what's going on with Beyond Good and evil 2 😢
