Hey bungie can you update the destiny mobile app every time you press on 3d it shows your armor but not how it looks in game
How many of the people that were fired work on this? Just asking.
Yo bungie let us delete the enigma quest( asking for a friend)
When the hell is solstice ?
Is this a JoJo reference?!
"the Conductor" is a terrible name, Bungie. Ikora didn't even Capitalise the "t". So, it is just Conductor?
Just got the aberrant action with 0 range. Is this a bug?
0:26 DENDRON IS THAT YOU!?
What's the name of the outro song? i always forget
You gonna delete this one too one day like you did my old dlcs?
make something new for a change??
Can we have the conductor's drip?
Any chance we can get this soundtrack? This tune is so good.
PauseChamp 100 more bank space with each act? Lol
Hey guardians. How you finding the game? I stopped playing since final shape.
Is that a fcking Jojo's reference????
The conductor kinda bad tho, is that frost?
Soo the witness with extra steps? And mire glowy?
Conductor or Msund12?
Dr. Sunderesh?! Is that you?! What have the Vex done to you?!
Is hunter still broken and is Titan still useless?
Please tell us how Lakshmi / Maya Sundaresh became the conductor in Act 3. Give us a good finale for our money this season 😁
Is Lakshmi-2 the conductor
"Is that a JoJo reference?"
Can you guys delete Neomuna and put Red War Back in? Lightfall is rushed cringe.
WHY DID THE CONDUCTOR JUST TURN AROUND LIKE THE WITNESS?
What’s the difference between the Uk, Aus, and US trailers? 😂 I don’t hear Osiris with an Aussie accent
Do i have access to this if i only bought the DLC
Will the next act be…. Echoes: Act 3?
Is this another overpriced season?
Did they hide a face revel by showing their face?
Dendron is back? Osiris will be really happy (?)
Maya  The Conductor is definitely her, right?
lol we got one in act 1 and now we get three?
Can we please see actual evidence of the supposed all out war between vex factions?
The conductor is a hunter???
A trailer one day before the launch? What is this? Is this a fever dream?
is act 1 still playable or is that gone away? Didn't get to complete it as I had other commitments.
So Will you finally make Echoes free for everyone or still behind paywall?
You reused a strike boss you removed from the game and made people pay 15$ lol how do people continue to buy this slop
Did the combat seem more boring than usual? Just reimaged content already in the game, and a cutscene masquerading as a new enemy.
Maya in the end ?
Wait… was that Lakshmi? Or known as Maya Sunderesh? Are we going to see Maya Sunderesh?
Am i the only one that kinda wants the conductors cloak thing? Would be peak hunter fashion
Wait, was that lakshmi? The head of the Conductor was a shade of red, I know only one person with that color, but how she died to the Vex back in Splicer, didn’t she?
What's the Verity challenge
I thought that with each act we would get a new story? Are act 1 2 and 3 going to all be about the conductor?
I’ve been slackin’ on this game these past couple weeks. Are there any changes I should be aware of?
Ok can we talk about the GIANT cyclops?
