Is that a real watchable youtube vid? 3:03
Make your own wifi box with it and can you make it work
Is this guy still alive 😂😂😂😂😂
0:46 0:50 What are those background noises?
What is the difference between amps and volts
8:27 Inducting fuse?
I know microwave transformer wouldn't probably survive that level of voltage, but is it possible to put 2 of them in series to get over 20 kV?
i have 2 transformers what should i do with them?
With the fire, will you put it out? You actually can't pull it out with water because it will make the flames worse
5:01 I know you didn’t want to spend time peeling off the wires and gluing new ones in, but did you have to use the wires specifically made to shoot electrons?
What if you have high pressure air inside the defuse instead of a vacuum ?
Can you use a higher voltage rated fuse in place of normal?(I know current rating must be same)  Also can't you fill the fuse with oil to stop arcing.
Do you eat oven parts like cookies???😮😂😅
6:12  So if it doesnt resemble that (your transformer) can i aquire it? say a 60kv polemount transformer.......  hehe going to my local transformer store now (yes i have a local transformer store that regular folk can just buy transformers....)
Did you know that your look like mr. Bean
See if you can make a 5000 amp fuse
3:20 any who?
Not sure but I think the metal wire in fuses is made of lead..
when did the thumbnail change?
Anybody else have that exact same cookie box?
Where are your safety glasses???!!!
where can you buy such clamps?
5:00 My internal dialogue asked me “wouldn’t putting this in a vacuum just make this a lightbulb with extra steps?”
1:05  did they revive you with the dragon balls or something?
I have a question: since the wire broke broke in the middle does it have something to do with the point of tension. so a stressed metal has higher resistance?
5:49 why is he having fun like a little child while playing with 2000 volts 😂
How is he still alive
how is this guy still alive??????
have you ever gone to the hospital due to a electrical mistake
Has his house been burn down one time?
Why dont you have Argon? is it... "argon"?   lolol
How is he still alive
If arcs are easier to achieve in a vacuum, maybe use a vacuum chamber for an upgraded Jacob’s Celebration Ladder? It’s more dangerous than standing near an active volcano though, so that might not be a good idea.
8:47 Did the spring part of the fuse pull the wire to the left end of the fuse cavity? Maybe that's what happened during the first few moments, thus reducing the arc, and then the arc may have just vaporised the rest of the wire.  Would you consider studying the failures of fuses with such high voltage ratings as this with high slow motion?
What about co2?
But if the power is turned off, then why not use conductive fire extinguisher?
how he is still alive? If i was there, nothing to say :)
I'm not 100% sure but I'm pretty sure the automotive glass fuses don't have any gas. They do sometimes have a bit of sand in them. dang it now I gotta know 🤭
Anyone want to tell him about pyro-fuses used in EV batteries?
Have y’all ever touched the prongs on your charger block and got the piss shocked out of you? My dumb ass has
So couldn’t you travel through space( which is a full vacuum), with electricity, faster then we could with rockets? If we could only find a way to power that much energy and to protect us/ tools from getting hurt.
How is this man so smart but so dumb at the same time
Bro how far your hair line go back to the end of the world
Even though I find them fascinating, I’m torn between whether or not I want him to make a video about how defibrillators work.
gargamel is that you??
Can you be so rich to pay his electricity? Bills.
Why did you bear current in your every video 😭
Maybe I don't realize how many of your video effects are edited and how many are real, but have you ever thought of wearing safety goggles while performing potentially explosive experiments? 😧
How much is your electricity bill?🤔
How we have resolve switching problems , specially DC Arc when we do switch off?  Is there any better idea other than DC breakers and installing capacitors, which should work on both 230V AC and 230V DC power?
How do you even have feeling in your hands after all these years of getting shocked?
9:33 Hasn't the spring retracted into the metal end cap?
Hv arc in a vacuum? Isn’t that how you make x-rays?
Even if there was a special gas in the last fuse (the manufactured one), couldn't the evaporated metal provide an electrical path?
how are you not dying from that much shocks
I have a question for you sir. I have a 3 phase induction motor . If I reduce the number of turns in induction coil by hand , can I make it run on 220 v instead of 400 v
Why do people who get electrocuted always have the same face 😭😭
Can you make a Geiger counter?
Dad, why is there a giant capacitor in the cookie box?💀
i think you can find the answer when you try to make a modern fuse. a fuse you can reset
How is this man not dead
ElecroBoom, Can you give an in-depth explanation of a radio transmitter?
Why you don't use safety item for defense by high voltage?
sir i am facing some problems regarding electrics how can i contact you ?
Do  wireless mind / muscle  control utilizing resonance frequencies.  Radiowave contractions.
Do you want to optimize your videos?
new upload when??
Can you please show us how to make a tone generator using a NE555 or NE556 timer?
Hey ElectroBOOM, Do a video on LSM's and LIM's, that would be something interesting to watch, you making a railgu- I mean wait what.
It it possible to make a long lasting led light like the one in Dubai with long life?https://youtu.be/klaJqofCsu4?si=1CE1mD27vyjkp6Zq
Hey what's your opinion on fake Fuses Amazon sells?
Can u please check southern Africa outlet
How are you still alive after how much you have put your body through
When will he learn not to mess with live circuits
Question how are you still alive
Question do still have finger prints? CUZ THERE GONE OH GONE
I wonder when electroboom is gonna discover heavy duty gloves
How is he still alive ? I’m genuinely asking
Mehdi, can you once make a video about JFET please and it's circuits too ?
Hi, can you try to make a theremin? I think will be intersting for explain the oscillator circuit and the syntethizer
We need to know ur electric bill
The question is... is that possible to make any electric field under the or upper the pool table or in pocket sides to change moving ball direction?
I Always enjoy your videos. Can you try an idea of mine? Modulate a signal passing through a capacitor by inducing a changing current with an external coil of wire wrapped around the capacitor. Many thanks.
hey  with respect !! can you share an osciloscope ? im from romania and here they are sooo expensive ! big respect !
How is this man still alive
Can we get a full version of the outro?
Did you make a other channel or is someone just posing as you?
Can you make a multimeter?
where can I buy a mousepad like yours?
What happened if you took a home made power bank and plugged something in but you didn't trust it?
How many people a week flag this for suicide content?
https://youtube.com/shorts/8xnsQn2PP-w?si=nSSAD3nM-hvyr9WR Can you do this electroboom?
Can you debunk, solar streetlight and solar floodlight from china, they claimed overrated wattages. A 100w solar streetlight from China is like 9watts led bulb only. They must stop this overrated label
Do you do Standup Comedy? LOL
How many times now have you mentioned *the incident*?
Wonder what bros electricity bill is😂
Hey Medhi, did you know András Arató is also an electrical engineer?
Next video when?
is that... Electroboom Black!?
Howis this guy still alive ?
Can you make a video about making five nights at freddy's animatronics and testing
Can I have a key sight oscilloscope? Also happy new year.
how is bro alive after all of the times he got shocked
Hi. If its possible, please make a video series to learn electronics, step by step. I know teach electronics in your videos but they are somehow scattered. thank you by the way.
How does this guy not die after like 5 years of playing with electricity
Idk if medhi will see this but I'm curious. With those fuses being made with a spring, would that affect the circuit's inductance at all?
hello @ElectroBOOM , Could u plz assist if i can connect 2 batteries in parallel to a single square wave inverter? m just worried if the inverter gets into trouble as both the batteries would try to charge itself with full effort so the current may increase resulting into inverter burnout..plz help
Wtf vacumm arc?!
1:03 Can you tell the cheat code for respawn so we all can try that once.
How do arcs form in vacuum ?!
Show me your electricity bill
I don't know who else to ask but if we built a giant high-tech whistle, an acoustic lens, and then an echo chamber filled with piezoelectric  membranes, each connected to a full bridge rectifier, would that result in a solid state windmill?
3:49   Me staring at the maths test wondering why -90067 isnt one of the answers
I've seen many of the glass type fuses, have "sand" in them. Is this for T-melt to delay, or for arcbreaking???
What about trying to blow the fuse in slow mo to see what happens
Whats gonna get this guy first? A: Radiation poisoning B: Electricity C: PTSD
Is it ac or dc ?
What are the chances he is dosing himself with x-rays?
Hi f*** edit: @electroboom do you know what magnetic shunts are? if you remove the little blocks of metal between the primary and secondary you will get more power out of the mot, all you need is something to push them out with and a hammer, a flat head screwdriver will work, a metal rod will work, just anything you can hammer them out without damaging the windings
Just asking sir, out of topic.  I'm using opto coupler, is it normal for an opto-coupler to heat up?
A vacuum could be bad BC it isn't perfect so it is easier for the arc, or am I wrong.
can i install 2 motorcycle batteries on my motorcycle with a 3-way toggle switch to charge which one is switched on? thanks merry christmas
Bro, how are you still alive??? bro just look at what you we're you doing, like this is crazy man.
that microwave oven fuze blew up with a very distinctly blue flash which could indicate Sulfur Hexafluoride but info on the internet is pretty inconclusive
Can you make video about maxwell chikumbutso's generater which use radio waves to make electricity ⚡⚡
He already died once?  How did he come back?
wonder when nordvpn gunna be targeted by hackers?? probs just waiting for big enough data pool XD
i have to wonder if you get a arc flash burn on your eyes with all this arcs you expose your self to like a welder would get
can you make a more useless video ?
How kind of Mehdi doing the wrong things so we can all learn together
So if I put a spring fuse on my head during a storm, will it protect me in the event of a lightning strike?
Hi everyone, I want to know how to connect the wire to the ground? Must connect it to earth or is there another way?
Were the conditions in the partial vacuum experiment suitable for x-ray emissions?
Is that a microwave battery?
Hello Mehdi. Is it possible to get shocked because of increased solar activity? I've been living the same house about 6 years now and never had static electricity issue before and literally nothing was changed during that time. However, I notice that about two weeks ago I started to get shocked by my front door handle and water tap and my Apple Watch charger, basically anything connected to the ground of my apartment.  I also found it interesting that static electricity and solar activity are peaked during the last 2 weeks in Google searches.  Do you think both are connected somehow?
I haven't watched this guy in years, is he still blowing himself up with tesla coils and shit? lol
How many times do you get shocked???
Thanks. I always wondered about that.
i want a cool mouspad what is better than a high voltage trans
Can u make a video using an alternator to generate ac current
How is this guy still alive?
Also, this guy is slowly reinventing the lightbulb. Anybody else notice this? (Vacuum, noble gas, glass enclosure? Hmm? HMMMM!?)
How many times dose this guy keep burning,zapping,tazing his hands or knee
Need cody's lab to answer this question! 6:10
Please explain high voltage stepdown transformer fuse
I've always wondered about those expensive ceramic fuses in multimeters. Maybe they're sand filled? Do they do that for the voltage rating?
1:05 wait, so is cannon that you resurrected?
What if I use a 5000 volt fuse for my 12v car battery? You did not cover that possibility. I think "mind the voltage rating" is only important if your voltage is higher than the rating.
How many times can Mehdi die?
The answer to the question, do high voltage fuses contain special gases. Is yes and no. Some fuses do contain special gases, and some don't. I would suspect that the fuses inside inexpensive microwaves likely don't contain any special gases. Often the conductors inside of the fuse bodies are specially formulated so that when they vaporize they create special gases that have an arc quenching effect, but they are not all built that way. Fuses are made with many voltage, current, energy and time ratings, so you have understand the circuit that you are trying to protect, before you can specify the right fuse. Like you said; only replace opened fuses with new fuses with the same ratings.
Sir i have one question.... how do you still have hair on your arms.....😮
Can you do a video on the high voltage  pendulum
Am I the only onw who thinks he looks like Garry Kasparov 😂
How about lighting up noble gas with something like a tesla coil to check it's presence in a bulb or fuse?
@ElectroBOOM Can you explain a Magnifying Transmitter to us Pls??? It was an invention from Tesla.
1:04 - how about you make a video on how to use transformers safely? I mean eventually someone's gonna use them, even if you say no, so maybe just in case they decide to use these, they will atleast know what NOT TO DO so it's less likely they will die.
Would a gfi protect you with the transformer? Not looking to try just wondering if it would work.
Did someone noticed the very cool looking mousepad He used at the end?
If that's a 5000 V fuse why did it blow at 2000 V? I assume amps were also higher
how did it kill you when you are alive now?
Can we get electoboom on a WIRED video about electricity?? That would be awesome 🤣
Mehdi please explain how a fbr works
didn't you create x-rays in a vacuum? 5:02
Why does it sound like he's in hell when he talks seriously
if atmospheric pressure decreases the distance an arc can travel, could possibly a high pressure environment inside the glass tube be advantageous to extinguish arcs faster than normal atmospheric conditions?
What's bros electric bill each month 💀
Is it the current or power (V I) that blows the fuse? Is a 12v 5 amp fuse same as 120v 5 amp fuse?
5:11 isn't this how you make X-rays? lol
Why does the arc start jumping at a longer distance under vacuum? Doesnt the breakdown voltage increase as the vacuum becomes stronger?
anybody else here think ElectroBoom is a missing Howard brother, the one that got an electrical degree?  also, I think we should all appreciate that he still has all 5 fingers on both hands...
Can you make a crystal radio and explain how it works and demonstrate??????
Wait he got a new transformer?
Maybe the gas is sulfurhexaflouride. It's used in HV relays.
What now? You betraying ExpressVPN?
how did I know that was a electric fire? lol
6:38 When you get the question right after you just guessed
And if I use it UNDER the nominal voltage? 🤔
Sand?
Can you just put multiple fuses in serial to handle the high voltage?
Why not just encase the wire in dry sand?
How’d the arc burn to your eyes go in the morning?
Why this video was too short :(
Could the spring act as an inductance when shorted making the rise in current slow down?
9:03 Why in the world are you using the transformer as a mousepad?!
Had many a "you are using a vpn" warning from sites  So is the "you can watch content from other countries" really an honest selling point?
I wonder how many money he has from advirtisment
now explain breakers, please!!
at 0:14 Medhi sniffs his burnt skin, i do this too and sometimes i think i smell delicious, what are your thoughts mr unibrowboomer
Do you have AED on hand? And somebody who would like to use it on you in case of RUHA (Rapid Unscheduled Heart Attack)?
Aw you don't have any argon? Damn I was hoping you'd make a neon light.
What about distilled water for extinguishing?
what's his electricity bill
Who thinks Mehdi should see a therapist about his PTSD?😂😂
Why dont they use simple automotive fuses in microwaves tho?
How didthe whole length of the cardboard boxes side ignite within a milliseond? Seems like it was doused with gasoline or something equivalent. It also does not look like a paper fire and the box not even gets charred?
Why are you not grounded working with high voltage?
I was trying to think of a joke about noble gases, but all the good ones argon.
Ok so what about the other way, if you have a fuse that's rated at 1000 amp and 1000 volts will it blow at 24 volts at 1100 amps? Or will it change how many amps it can handle with lower voltage?
7:45 why does everyone have a cookie box but no one has cookies in it?
in your rubber band setup, what would have happened if the wire broke only on one far side of the wire rather than in the center area under tension?  The single spring model in the following segment seems to solve that problem.
Why would it make a difference if there is an inert gas inside the fuse, couldn’t the arc just travel through the air around it?
Flashbacks ....wonder where you got those from! ;-)
so could it work if you fill aspirin case with very dry sand? could it arc through the sand?
Mehdi, I have an question. When I was younger we used to have big fuses (500A 250VAC) "protecting" car audio equipment (12.5~14.4VDC) or better protecting the car from the audio equipment, I never seen one of those pop, even when something bad happened, so my questio is: those 500A 250VAC fuses had any chance to pop if shortcircuited on an 14.4V system (2000A Battery + 500F SuperCapacitor)?
Whys is this channel so hilarious?
Regarding gas inside the 5kV fuse, you could try and excite the gas inside this 5kV fuse with one of your coils and see if it is a noble gas by colour.
Would like to see how that fuse performs with stable DC when there is no 0V crossing and yeah, that partial vacuum discharge setup was impressive, could you test it with various frequencies?
do these infotainment channels always upload together ??? For context Veritasium also uploaded today.
Pretty sure that spring fuse didn't completely vaporize.  Looks like the spring part was pulled completely to the side, hiding it from view.
Full video of fuse blowing with the slowmo guys?
What about the fuses with sand inside? Is that against arcs too?
I thought electricboom used himself as the fuse inside a circuit?
Why dont you use an old neon sign transformer? They are cheap, heavy and have 5-15KV output.
#ElectroBoomQuestionAnswer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyPTDjHlBJw
Wanna challenge? Try to blow up fuse used in EV cars for high voltage circuit.
How did you ressurect after dying?
PTSD? in your case, Post Traumatic Shock Discharge :p
Where are the Slo Mo guys when you need them?😅
Is that why uk fuses have sand / silica in them ?
i have a question. Is the voltage of electricity infinite and it is just capped at a specific volt or does it come in different voltages based on your power line or something?  hopefully you answer :D  btw love your content its very educational
Argon?  LOL that's how you meke a neon light.  Argon in a tube with high voltage.  I was so hoping your were oging to do that.
5:15 Why is it that color? That's the color of arcing sodium vapor.
why mehdis forehead becoming more and more shiny. his skin is becoming like glass. does getting shocked make your skin turn glossy
Does this come under Electroboom's HAIR raising experiments...
Technology connections collab when?
Are you sure that the spring vaporized? It may have retracted fully inside the end-cap. I would expect the spring to have a higher current capacity than the fusible element. Also, many high amperage industrial fuses pack sand around the fusible element for arc quenching. I'm not sure if that would also work for high voltage. Sounds like another experiment. (Though the sand will block the view of the camera so it might not be as visually interesting.)
I thought they make them with sand around the fuse wire for high volage stuff? I thought that was where the film canister idea was going, e.g. fill it with sand after the fuse ia made.
Why you so smart ?
What happened to your high voltage fuse?
Where is your video with Linus 🎉🎉🎉
@electroboom Use SF6 gas I guess? it usually used as an insulator.
Do you know a fuse is just a low voltage resistor that is aplied on high voltage and it get burnt
How do you manage to teach us things while being absolutely hilarious!? 😂
Can you make a 10.000 voltage taser with long range? (To defense my home)
Damn, showing your meat like this? Isn't that against youtube's TOS?
Just imagine how will he die after such dangerous experiments on himself
Could you make a video explaining in-depth what admittance, immittance, susceptance and impedance is?
Mehdi  I have my physics examination 1 month lef class 12. What to do to pass?
What happened to 6M special video?
Why we are doing this again in wireless power?
More exquisite ZAPs. Keep them coming! Wonder if Mehdi will ever build something like his van de graaf generator or his high voltage wand?
Wait, if he died from the Jacob's ladder video then who is this, unless.... Mecha-Mehdi!?! He must feed off of all the shocks!
