Which badge to use for season 2 ? I have none available atm
Can you show me about this build please im trying to get it to its full potential and for some reason i have dont have the baseline reverse off one
Yo could you help me out? I made this build bc you the goat and I’ve finally have gotten 5 cap breakers but I have no Idea where to put them other then the 1 I put on dunk for a 93
Best motion style for offense?
where do you put the capbreakers
@joeknows can you say which is the best specialization for this build
What takeover?
Can I have an update on this build
Is the build still valid if I did finishing build specialisation for legend aerial wizard and posterizer and I use 2 caps on middy to still get legend set shot
What takeover
Joe, Im on verge of getting posterizer on gold, but it doesnt show up for max +2 slot. And i did everything shown in video unless because its not gold yet maybe that is why its not showing up for the tier yet? Did it do the same for you?
When u dropping the kd update? I wanna know where I should put my cap breakers pls drop the video
where should I put my cap breakers?
what’s motion style
Yo Joe where r u putting ur cap breakers from rookie 5/ other rep cap breakers
Can we get an update on this build?
What would you put your s1 badge elevator?
I tweaked it a bit! Is a 70 strength valid?
Motion style for the 6’8?
Which badge elevator did he choose for season 1?
Is it possible to use this build in rec, friends?
As a new 2k player, I need guidance on how to proceed. I'm 93 OVR, have all my animations right, but he never told us the end build for badges... I'm Season lvl 25 so far so I have the next 2 badge spots and I know he said what he had was temporary for now, but what is the final build on badges in slots and all?
If this is for the park why the 77 free throw?
What should the build specialization be for this?
What is the build specialization for this?
what badge should i elevate to 2 levels ??? anyone got a suggestion thanks !!!
Build specialization?
Which attributes should I put my capbreakers on??
what build specialization are you using? please!
Yooo do they have the Miami heat LeBron James jersey ? If so which store ? In 2k
What would you use your cap breakers on? Should I use a regular cap breaker in finishing even though my build specialization gives me finishing only cap breakers? Gonna be a while before I get those though
what badge elevator should i use
So i play more Rec than park is this still a good Build?
What’s the best specialization to use on this build?
Does anything change if I put this exact build at the SG
Why the 60 steal only get +1 cap breakers
Where should I put my cap breakers after the one in driving dunk and mid range
Where should I put my cap breakers?
3 regular cap breakers, what should I put them on?
Can I play this build in 5s?
What build specialization ?
What about the badge elevator
Why I got a 80 ball and I can’t shoot my miter is very small ?
What Build Speciallation should i use ?
what base did you switch to
I get it supposed to be a park build but a 70s layup is criminal on a LeBron build
What’s the takeover that is glitchy?? I can’t remember and/or find the timestamp in the vid.
why can’t i put a badge max +2 on my posterizer? I have it fully maxed at gold after putting my cap breaker to get a 93 driving dunk
What is his build specialization?
What about badge elevators?
is it shooting or dunking specialization?
what do we put for cap breakers
I accidentally put my specialization on finishing did I ruin the build?
What build specialization did you do?
hi Joe.  But What Animation use for "Motion Styles"??
What build specialization did you choose
Can’t see the jump shot ?
how do you make it a 3pt slasher instead of paint protector
What build specialization??
So how difficult is it to get to grind to level 40 every season since I’m not tryna spend that much money?
What specialization did you choose
Is there anyway I get add more speed
What is the jump shot animation?
Which motion style are you using?
What motion styles do you think are elite?
Motion style?
What is this jump shot base?
what will the cap breakers look like on 3pt?
What spcalst u pick
What would you sacrifice for higher pass accuracy?
joe what badge you use for +2 badge elevator?
Where did you put the CB?
Which jumpshot are you using ?
what build specialization do we use on this
What motion style do you use?
wat did he pick for build special?
What did you put your initial attributes to at 85?
Why is everybody using mike wang in they jumpshot it must be decent
Can you make a 30 minute video of what you do in the beginning? Those are fire
who’s motion style you got
Best jump shot for this build?
Whats the build specialization
What’s the jumper bro?
This build kinda weak tbh. Lebron has more def rebound forsure. and your mid don’t have to be that high. Also his pass acc should be an 85. He could lose a little perimeter (it’s not like he’s guarding guards) yeah L Joe
Hey Joe why is no one talking about takeover tokens? It gives you the ability to unlock any take no matter your rating.
How many cap breaker you will using on this build
y’all keep asking “what specialization” the man said shooting in the video lol to bump the 87 mid to 89 for gold set shot, gosh molly guys pay attention 🤣
If I go 85 pass acc what should I take out?
What's the increase in attributes if you use cap breakers on layups for this build?
Cant u get blur takeover with 85 ball handle and 75 swb?
What build specification should we use?
What build specialization are you gonna use
What happens if you put your build specialization onto finishing
What is he doing his specialization in?
Why people create 6’8 instaed of 6’9 you got the same animation and keep the 75 swb,
They updated the 2k lab for 2k26 already ?
the most important question how much vc do we have to spent to make a 99 ovr build this year?????
Is good timing enough or there is no way you can on ball steal with 60?
Joe I gotta question. Why won’t it let me use badge max +2 from season rewards for my tier 2 badges? Trying to upgrade lightning launch and it says there’s no badges available
What’s the motion style
How do you feel about 51 Standing Dunk, 85 Pass acc, 72 Off Board, 57 D board?
Yo Joe, do you know if for each build you have to re-earn cap breakers from build specialisation or can they auto be added if it’s the same genre?
How many total max + badges do we get? (+1,+2)     1 each?  2 each? 3? 4 im so confused
Joe I’m so confused, we made an 83 3 ball but for that jumper you need an 86 3 ball??
With this build, what badge specialisation would you do? Shooting?
What build specialization did u do
What’s the motion style
What’s the build at an 85
How do you throw self lob this year
Will crew cap breakers reset?
What’s the build specialization
How did you get the max +2s already
This is almost the exact build i was thinking from your 6'6 video a few days ago. Am i crazy or is this the first 2k where they got posters that legit look like prime lebron?? That legend poster looks the most nasty that I've ever seen
what specialization should we choose?
whats the takeover?
Jumpshot? I speak spanish, Your understund
What is his specialization?
What’s the specialisation ? Finishing or shooting ?
What specialization?
are builds actually cheaper this year?
have you thought about making it 6’9?
So do contact dunks actually work this year ?
What motion style do you use?
Next up can you drop your ideal Rec build?
What about the build specialization
Why do YT content creators always make their players black that’s a genuine question??? Like why is your my player black and your YT
Where is the overall?
anyone used this build yet and how did you get on? thinking of making this but as a SG
Jooooeeeyyyy u gon make a version of this on the 5s? 😛
Wb that motion style?
How did I unlock the first Max plus 2 ?
how good is this build for rec?
why my codes from the 2K streams not workin what do i do?
Let's say your in the builder, and it only let's you max steal 80 which is like silver intercepted and glove.  Will the max plus 1 and max plus 2 unlocks allow me to go to gold and hof or will those badges be ineligible for that perk??  Really confused here.   Please help Joe.
What build specialization you using?
what motion style you use?
What’s your build specialization ?
could you make a dbook build???
Joe, how you would change this for 5s to get the higher pass acc?
Are the max pluses from build specialisation locked to tier 1 and 2
Are the badge max +1 and +2 permanent or do you need to regrind all of them each season?
What’s the build spécialisation you going with ?
Can you Do Gianni’s build next?!
What’s the build specialization?
What ever happened with that Kevin Durant build?As always W vids too bro stay blessed
You streaming today?
what’s the difference between 85 ball handle and 86 ball handle besides james harden sigs
so do the speed w ball feel diff if it’s lower bc u don’t want blur take?
What rating dunk do you need for pro contacts and elite contacts
How tf is everyone in the game 🫠  Also: wembys build today? 👽
