WBG Question Of The Day? Open Floor Question: What percentage of the time do you win the Raffle/Ticket/ Bonus ball at the casino? The one when the host calls out your name. Has your name ever been called? If so, What did you win? (Name some prizes if not) I Love the Vegas Matt team and a BIG WBG fan👌 hope he reads out my QOTD 1 day. I'll keep watching/posting 😁 From Scotland.
Question… What did each of you do with your share of the $214,000 grand you just won the other week???Did you splurge on something you needed or wanted or did you just pop it right back in the machines??? I assume each of you have different Interests.
Every time I ask a question someone steals it and they get chosen.
QUESTION OF THE DAY: We are coming to Vegas on SEMA Week. We know about Shelby America and Counts Customs, but what other Car/Automotive related things are there to do in Las Vegas?
WBG QOTD - How can we make game suggestions? Love the channel and keeping my fingers crossed for you guys to play multi ultra cash 88. 🤞😊
I have a question why do y'all bet so high regular people cannot do that nor team up with others normally the house always wins 🤔 but l really enjoy watching y'all l have seen folks bet 88 cents to $5 bet and they hit a Humounges Jpot must be at the right place right time that's why it's called Gambling 🎰 wish y'all the best 👌
Hello Vegas Matt ,Ej and crew , have you ever thought of making a video in lowest bet 20$ in 10 or 15 machines ? Double or bonus and move to next machine ! That would be fun for us the low rollers ! Good luck 🍀 always
QOTD:  As someone that comes from a country with no taxes on gambling, can you try to explain how US Taxes work on your play, especially as I understand you have to pay on every hand pay regardless of losses incurred? Am I right about that?  You guys must have a very complex tax return just from gambling?
Question of The Day; what is a skill that you’d really like to learn or a skill that you look at in awe?
Question of the day: will you be making GRAND merch?
Qotd - we know that Matt likes massages and tai chi, what does the rest of the crew do for relaxation or exercise?
If it was your first time to visit Vegas, where would you stay?
Unfortunately I missed the video .. I was wondering that you guys were in my hometown! I hope you enjoyed Phoenix 😎
Question to Matt: if your granddaughter grows up and says gambling is bad and wants you to quit, would you comply? Or would you still play behind her back?
You encourage questions but I have asked many questions and have gotten zero answers so I don't ask any more
I live in Oklahoma. Since you guys travel the country to different casinos, do you notice a difference in RTP between Vegas casinos and Tribal casinos. comparing the convenience of Tribal casinos vs traveling to Vegas casinos which includes airfare or driving expenses, as well as hotel expenses. Would love to see you guys in Oklahoma.
Question of the day: which slot have you played recently with best return rate beside buffalo with the 200,000 grand
Besides the recent grand jackpot what is y’all’s most memorable win? Big or small
So have you ever used your free play on a machine bet max and hit ?We saw a lady do it....she bet 66.00, first bet, free play, she won the grand 66,000.00 It's unbelievable,  but saw it.
WBG QOTD:  Each of you Name one trait you admire in each of the others on your group. No duplications.
Question of the day from a UK viewer  Inspired by this channel and over at a Kansas City hotel casino I decided to run a small experiment betting 2 dollars or as close as on 5 of the main machines you play;   Bull blitz Spooky link Buffalo link  Golden drums dancing drums Autumn Moon  Which do you think paid most winnings (clue - only 2 came out in profit).  Answer on tomorrow’s comments!
QOTD: In your opinion if you were only gambling a hundred or two would you say its best to bet max bet at 1cent denom or minimum bet at a a higher denom? What strategy would you prefer? Huge fan. Love you all.  Thank you for the entertainment 🤑
Question of the Day: With football season underway, are any in the group partaking in the big football Survivor contests or any of the other ones? There is also a big $100,000 entry fee contest this year. If not would you consider it for next year and maybe you could play the NFL slot each week to help make your picks!
QOTD: You guys ever though about making a podcast? And if so what would it be called?
My question of the day is: There are so many places a viewer could leave a comment, like here on YouTube or Instagram, plus many other platforms. Where do you pull your questions from and is it only from live feeds? Do viewers need to pay a special fee to make our comments noticed on a live feed?
QOTD: what’s the age difference between all of you? Is it EJ, W2Jesús, WBG, Vegas Matt ? If so how many years?  And WBG & Casino Manager Adam are awesome genuine people! I chose to take the opportunity to introduce myself and my wife at Starbucks & WBG gave us stickers. I got 3! Been following since 5K followers 🍻 come to Oddfellows on a Tuesday for a drink and karaoke 😉 we have N/A
??? EJ and friends how do you know when its maxed out on spins?
Day 25 of what the heck was this game! And asking for the bad lick bracelet! 🎉
Maybe its a fun game cause your pushing buttons and money at stake.  To watch you guys play that game was not fun.
WBG QOTD: What did WBG write in the letter to himself at 18 that he’s never read?
WBG QOTD: Venice is home to the world’s oldest operational casino. Do you have a casino bucket list of places where you would like to gamble but haven’t been?
I have a question for you guys. So back in the day i had several favorite vegas eateries. Like Excalibur had a place called Sherwoods i believe, that had a fantastic Reuben Sandwich. Its long gone now. What were some of your favorite vegas eateries that are now long gone?
Hey Vegas Matt and friends, I know this is a long shot, I have been watching you guys for years and love your content. Im not one to ask for help but me and my fiancée are really wanting to have a baby, but we can't afford anything right now, so I was curious if we were to make a gofundme for IVF treatment and to help get us out of debt so we can actually survive, I know it's alot but would you be willing to help us? Like posting our gofundme or anything. Thank you. Lots of love BTW! Keep up the great work!
WBG QOTD: Would you rather sing everything you say in a day or dance everything you do for a day? Long time watcher from New Zealand, my fave moment of the week was W2’s reaction when you hit the Grand 😂
WBG question of the day…. You asked for off topic questions.  Two questions.   In all your worldly travels, have you ever been to Bermuda?  I would love to go but my husband thinks we would be sucked into the Bermuda Triangle.  Do you believe that exists?
All the machines have a score. What machine do you hum in your head after you leave the casino the most?
Black eyed peas...song i think??
*WBG QOTD* : Speaking on randomness do you guys believe games like Rocket Rumble or Regal Riches are completely random every spin in the free games or is the amount you win determined when you pop the free games and we are just seeing the script of how we got to the total? Thanks for all the awesome content!
QUESTION OF THE DAY!!!  When you guys won the 200gs how did that work with paying the taxes on it ? Did you guys work out how much it would be and Vegas Matt take a bigger share to cover the taxes on the win or did you guys do it another way ?
How often does graffiti guy come?
What an awful machine, did they pay you to go there and play!?!?
If a tree falls in the woods and no one is there to hear it, is it still EJ’s fault that it fell. 🤔😂
QOTD, if you won a 100k in freeplay and you said hey thanks but I've got a really expensive surgery or something similar how much would they let you take as a cash amount, it kind of tells you what the RTP is.
WBG Question? of the day  What does the Crew think about the questions that WBG chooses and be honest because some are really Sandos😅
WBG question is the day.... What did you guys do as a teenager?
I got a question for you. Do you guys have a favorite old school slot machine? Mine is still "The Munsters"
QUESTION OF THE DAY… HOW MUCH TIME FO YOU GUYS SPEND TOGETHER OFF SCREEN.  Thanks. Love your channel 😊
Will you ever come to Pittsburgh and do your casino experience on this side of the east coast?
WBG QUESTION OF THE DAY. Have you guys thought of playing in Minnesota casinos? It would be amazing to have the crew come to Minnesota and have a meet and great and group pull. Thanks for entertaining us for the last few years
WBG Question! What’s the deepest run each of you have had in a poker tournament? I’m genuinely curious I googled WBG trying to learn your secrets and came up blank.
From Bert in Arizona.  How many hats does EJ own?  EJ is cool.
WBG QOTD: If the casino decided one day to turn off bonuses on slot machines, what would be each of yours go to machine for line pays?
WBG QOTD. Day 57, have any of you guys ever lost a large amount on a machine and had someone come in right behind you and hit a large payout or even a grand right away, if so how did you react? Keep up the good entertainment!
Fast bets seem like such a waste.  I mean, if I'm just gonna piss the money away, triple or quadruple the bet and let it play.  You'll piss it away just as fast, with the potential to win more.
WBG question of the day. Vegas Matt and EJ. I've recently heard VM refer to W2 by his first name a few times. When not filming do you call W2 and WBG by there nicknames or by there first names?  Thanks guys for all the entertainment. I started watching about 7 months ago and watch every day you guys are the best!!!
What the hell guys trying  more ADS?C too make more money with ads every two minutes-- pure crap - in those I have seen 6 LAUFENN tire ads what a name  Captain's Log?  no he is still Laufenn, will be a bit late today, moew prune tomorrow.
WBG question of the day. How close to 100 would the red have to be for you to chase it on rocket rumble? Since you played for so long and didn’t get many reds
I have some merch and would love a nice dry fit polo for the cruise. Any chance of adding polos back to the shop? When I went to buy one some time ago my size was sold out.
QOTD - Hey Matt, will you be recording your book for Audible? I like listening to books.  Pleeeease
Question of the day: Do you actually think fast spins change the outcome of the spin, or just spins the reels/gives you a faster result?
WBG’s Question of the Day: If you were tasked with designing a new slot machine, what would your ideal machine look like? what bonuses/features would it have? (ie: hold n spin, cascading wins, multiplier free games)    what would the bonus frequency to line pay ratio be? would you incorporate a “buy a bonus”? etc?  love the videos as always guys!
Has Vegas Matt ever gone by his first name?  If he did, why did he switch to Matt?   Is the mob after him?
Question of the day: who is most likely to win in an encounter, a grizzly bear or silverback gorilla? This is an on going debate amongst my friends and even most guys out there. Want to get your thoughts and perspective on this from you guys. Hello from Elgin Illinois (home of Grand Victoria Casino)
GOOD LUCK QUESTION: you guys are all markedly witty and intelligent.   I'm really curious-- when you guys were kids,  what did each of you want to be when you grew up?  Follow up question: do you have any regrets if you did not end up doing what you thought you would?
WBG QOTD: How do you be a great husband?
EJ is absolutely right, I'm watching this game for the first time and I think you're insane. It's 17 minutes in and so far it's terrible. Love you guys. Qotd. What's the wordt machine you've ever played and why?  Andy UK
Question of the day- for EJ - you have such strong feelings about gum chewing, what are your thoughts about toothpicks in public places? Thanks for all the entertainment and helping me get my fix! Fire it in there!
If Iran attacked Turkey from behind, would Greece help?
Question of the day: Gambling together day and night-Do you ever get tired of each other? If so you can’t tell. Love watching the channel.
How'd you enjoy our great smokefree casinos in Arizona? How does the smoke filled Vegas casinos play into your everyday routine?
Question of the day. What did she say when you won the grand??
Question . . .do you think the R & D departments of game manufacturers watch your videos for recommendations and come out with better games .  And other than winning all the time . . . Matt, what would you all like to see in a game?  Watch you every day.  Thank you!
WBG question of the day besides gaming and casino's what's something else you guy's do in Vegas?? What's one way or more that you like to unwind??
You keep talking about how fun the game is but were you there? Do you realize how boring that game is? If not, you got a serious problem.
Question of the day: when you won the 211k grand, at the beginning of the video, you mentioned everyone there (wbg, w2, Matt, ej and Kevin) all had a piece of the results that day, as if it was a group poll. However the yearly stats were reduced by the full winage.  Can you explain that in terms of your stats?  Shouldn’t it only be reduced by the winage for Matt, and possibly ej?
Question of the day: If you all could “build a bonus” and combine features from across any games, what would you choose?
How do I claim my 220% bonus tokens on $XA45K? Just build my wallet and deposit?
Question-  I know you guys play everyday, I’ve been long time fan (the first of your thousands fan😊)  Seeing some days there is a loss, and obviously comes the frustration-doesn’t it piss you off and you want to take a day off?!?
This game sucks how do you guys like this ?
Been playing slots for years , just not sure how the button works
If you had to work at a concert stadium one time in your life. What would your job be?  Me usher, get to watch show and show people where to sit. Easy peasy.
I'm not a fan is it just me??
Question of the day about question of the day: If reading the question of the day seems to bring the bonus, preamble included. What about having WBG continuing to talk while the bonus is going to continue bringing the luck?
EJ, have you read the Izaak Walton's "The Compleat Angler?"  If so, what impact, if any, has it had on your angling and gambling? Many thanks.
WBG QOTD: I dont ever really comment on these but since you encouraged it... What all are your favorite genres of music/artist? Personally I am a Phishhead and I follow them around the country. Unfortunately couldn't get tickets for their shows at the Sphere but I did stream it!
Video idea how about a big shot at wolf peak like $50,000 or more at 2million subscribers
Question. Do you set a budget to play and hope for a win or just film a set amount of minutes?
Long time subscriber, first time questioner! 😂   What slot from the past that you used to play would you like to see modernize with today’s technology?
Question of the Day - have you ever had to stop filming because someone let one loose? Who is the most gaseous and who is the one you need to run from after they let one loose? 🤣
Boring game. Why are you playing it?
Out of curiosity Just based on pure speculation do you find the slots to be looser and other states like Arizona for example versus Nevada? Or at the smaller Indian casinos? And if so where or what state in your opinion would you say has the loosest slots at their casinos?
Whats this about a fly by?
w2 is your name jason?
Does pushing the buttons count as part of your Tai Chi?
Can you guys please stop saying spit-up so much in the videos? Idk about others but I often watch your uploads when I'm eating dinner and it's just a gross word to constantly hear.   Thanks for all the stuff you do
I wonder if you dropped your bet a little if you might have better luck. This $37.50 bet ain't paying!
Stop being cheap with question of the day winners. Leave a heart on winners comments telling them to contact you if they win. You don't watch an entire video one time and you don't know you won. Ridiculous
WBG and crew.  What should I spend my question of the day gift card on in the merch store? Favorite items?
QOTD: If you got a blank check just make us a Vegas Matt or other person slot machine, what would you make your dream slot machine? Not "pays out every time" lol just what are the most fun bonuses and game mechanics you want to put in your game and what theming?
WBG QOTD - Question of the day: Given the amount of merch you have sold has anyone appeared in a police mug shot wearing any Vegas Matt T-shirts or Merch yet? If not then what do you think the over/under is on that time-wise? I kinda want to see a guy with a black eye after starting a bar fight pictured in a "lets enjoy this!" T-shirt appearing in a Vegas PD mugshot. Many of the phrases on the shirts would take on a whole new meaning in a mug shot, starting with "Sando". Please note that if they are true Vegas Matt fans I want them to be found not guilty after the photo.
Nice show what's your fav casino to play
WBG question of the day- How does everyone feel about Matt’s accidental fast spins during the bonuses?
Thia is just Fan Dual right? WTF is this?
Question: all this talk about Vegas grandbaby makes me wonder- what baby names did you consider for EJ and Annie?
WBG question of the day After hearing you guys talk about the availability of games in certain states you guys being associated with FanDuel makes me wonder if you’d have any idea when or if the game Pirates that you guys play will be coming to Pennsylvania I live in Pennsylvania and I would really enjoy playing this game I believe however I can’t get it on my phone or computer Just wondering if you had any pool or if there’s anything we can do in Pennsylvania to try to get this problem straightened out?
Over or under 176 - How many times did they say "fly by" in that video?
Question for Adam: if you could change one gambling law/regulation, what would it be?
I think you are joking around
Do any of you guys ever get bored of gambling. I think if I gambled everyday it would get less exciting
Question of the day:  What book would you all recommend to read for an aspiring entrepreneur?
Question of the day.......Have you ever gambled in Deadwood, SD
QOTD for EJ, if Hollywood decided to make a movie about you guys who do you think would be a good actor to portray each member of the Vegas Matt gang?
What's wbgs favorite spot game
How these guys so bad at pop culture?? Lmfao 🤣🤣🤣
😂😂😂😂 I’m so dead at his non chalant questions!  Who sings that? OutKast! Lmfao!!! I’m dead!!! 😂😂😂😂😂  Great video Vegas Matt
Did you go to Don Shula's steak house?
WBG My questions  to all of you is,  do ya'll even come to Texas? We only have 2 casinos here but trust me we'd love to see ya'll play here.  Preferably at Naskila Casino.
Question of the day what is Vegas Matt’s favorite breakfast??
WBG QOTD: What is everyone's idea of a perfect day and why?
i always wonder where does the initial money you put in come from? videos? vegas matt? or do you all put up some money each video?
QOTD??  Would you rather have good line pays on the way to get a bonus? Or just keep spinning to get the bonus? For example last night I was playing a game at 1.76 a spin and hit a 280.00 line pay but it took awhile to get a bonus.
Is that the world's first casino inside a giant subwoofer?
Question of the day: What is some of your favourite accents???
Why would you flush your cash with unnecessary fast spins that aren’t working
QOD: you guys were guessing about why a game would be in one state but not another but I’d love to know if Adam knows
I  wrote about 50 questions and never got an answer. So I quit asking questions.😂😂😂😂😂
Question of the day. Have any of you ever attended the Kentucky Derby? If so, what did you think? If not, would you ever consider going?
What's the RTP in arizona
Seriously?I've asked this fifty times but do you remember the days when you got a bonus and you actually won money?
Question of the day. Will Vegas Matt ever make a movie based off his book? Or his life?
Have you guys ever gotten the special feature where the bluberi comes out ? Very epic
Not quite sold on this one save my airfair for vegas
Question of day
WBG question of the day for casino manager Adam why dont they put wager saver on all games or is it just some manufacturers that offer it ?
what's with sitting on that machine the whole time
A question. Matt wants a private jet.  Have any of you guys ever piloted a plane? Even if just taking over the controls for a min.
How many times did EJ say fly-by? 😑
Possible Question of the Day?  I have been enjoying your videos since the early days of your channel. I am the same age as Matt and have been visiting Las Vegas several times a year for the last 27 years, therefore witnessing the city go through many changes. My question is…Is there anything you miss about the Las Vegas of the past?
Did someone cast a vote and yall all decided to start playing one game for the Whole video now . Last couple videos have been snoozers
What happened to "Fire it in there Friday"?    $37.50 a spin?  on a ridiculous slot you chased. Im finding myself fast forwarding on these videos.
Vegas Matt, if you are willing to risk and potentially lose 10 to 15 thousand a day gambling on slots, Why not bet more for a potentially higher payout if you win? Just food for thought 🤔🍲
When did you each realize that you would branch out on your own ventures and not work for anyone else and did you ever regret it?
QUESTION of the day.  Do you ever wake up in the morning and think “I really don’t want to gamble today”.  Does it feel like a regular 9-5 job at times that you sometimes are fed up at?
Question of the day: If every casino had to comp just one meal/dish, what would y’all want it to be.   A lot of people are saying it should be a steak dinner (sorry WBG)
Question of the day:  when you open your own casino, what are your 5 picks for slots you are guaranteed to have.
WBG Question of the Day: If you had to choose only 1 City and Casino to gamble at other than Vegas where would you go? I’d like to hear everyone’s answer please. Thank you! Love the videos! I watch you guys everyday on my way to work!
Question of the day I think it is very clear why biggest Matt has been successful in his life and it’s the fact that he gets up and does it again tomorrow. I know that he loves gambling and all of that but the last few months have been pretty rough and even before the grand everyone was thinking well maybe they’ll take a break but they didn’t and even after today’s interesting session with the rocket rumble he said they’ll be back again tomorrow that perseverance and that get up and do it again is a huge factor in most people success.   Sorry for the preamble: here’s the question, what are other examples in your life Vegas mat or any of the crew where perseverance really paid off not gambling related necessarily, but trying something that’s difficult and getting bad results but in the end it worked out. I think a lot of us would be interested in hearing some of those stories because times can get tough and inspiration is always important.
Love the Tommy Boy refence ! At what point do you guys think enough is enough when you have a losing day? do you just stop and go do something else? Or do you keep grinding to try and win it back?
Wbg question of the day Since matt loves animal kingdom  Did he catch reference to Guam  What does he know about Guam  Marianas Trench And does he know Saipan has a dormant casino he could buy and how could he use property  To buy his jet
So just out of curiosity, no shade here at all would you guys consider yourself degenerate gamblers or do you think you could just quit gambling at any time?
Question of the day for WBG to read. I play buffalo stampede at 10 cent denom. my bet choices are $8, $20, $30 and $50. Do you think there is a players advantage to any of these bet amounts or does it not make any difference?
whats the largest case of someone essentially throwing away money and still hitting it bigtime that yall have personally seen? like someone playing blackjack against the book and going on a huge streak or someone whos only guessing and constantly switching sides on baccarat, or just in anyway you think would normally be a waste? very interested to hear any stories yall have like that! love what you all do!
WBG question of the day. Which of you is willing to get your groove on. Watching the start of Dancing With the Stars season, I wondered if any of you would ever consider competing on this show. I think each one of you has potential.
40:29 Did anyone notice the fly-by on the upper left reel?  Haha!
What's the point of the game sweating the third rocket boost spin icon, when if you do get that bonus it shows up immediately?  It makes no sense.
What the hell was that question of the day. Is WBG on the spectrum?
Honest question...when they say "Row" in these videos...are they talking about columns?  Are many people saying this?
Hope you guys can read my question in Spanish!
Who is Herbie Hancock ?
QOTD as my kids are back in school and they are signing up/joining  school activities.   My question for you all, when you were in school did you guys ever join any sports teams or school clubs and if so which ones.  As well which was your favorite?  Love your channel and thank you for the daily laughs 😁
What is your favorite city to play in and why?
Question of the day, would you rather win $10,000 over a session but not have "fun" bonusses, or $7,500 but have the bonuses be fun to play?
Does anyone know why Dracula has disappeared?
which Gila River Casino are you at?
Question...Do you ever while filming have issues with people around you getting upset with how excited ya'll get? Big fan love from SC!
Question of the day: If the Vegas Matt Casino ever opened which position would each of you work in?
What about the game next to your side could be better
(Day 343 of asking) WBG's Question of the day: If you were limited to only playing slots from one slot company for the rest of your life, (i.e., Aristocrat, Konami, IGT, Bluberi, etc.) which one would you choose and why?  Everyone can answer this one! ^w^
What us thus "Flyby" you speak of??
WBG I’d like to know more about the equipment you guys use, camera, mics, editing software, etc
WBG Question of the day:: WBG - when and why did you decide to become vegan? W2Jesus - when and why did you decide to stop drinking alcohol?
QOTD for  Casino Manager Adam. There seem to be a lot of Buffalo based games in Vegas. My local casinos in WA have a ton of Dragon based games. Do manufacturers offer casinos all the themes and you pick what you want - or are themes offered regionally (so we end up with more Dragons and Vegas ends up with more Buffalo)?
Hi Matt, were you the soberest of the four?
Question for EJ: You spend alot of time in casinos.  Do you manage to date? And if so. Do you prefer a woman that gambles or doesnt gamble?
Today’s QOTD was kind of lame.
Rocket Rumble? More like Rectum Raider
Who picked this game
Hey guys! Love watching you every day! Question…. What is each of your all time top memorable win? Together or individually?
WBG question of the day:  Are certain games actually/ mathmatically more volatile then others, or is it just a feel? Also, what is the preference when choosing a slot to play:  more line pays not as good/ frequent bonuses, less line pays great bonuses but harder to get?
Where is the best place to be to watch you playing?
Have you ever gotten a royal right away? Or have they all been a grind. This question is for everyone.
Is this machine like Regal Riches, in that each bet amount has its own spin amount on the rockets?
WBG QOTD (with pre-ramble please 😁):  Do you think you would all be friends if it weren’t for your common gambling interest?  What do you like best about each other and what do you think are each person’s redeeming qualities?  Love and appreciate you guys!  Thanks for the entertaining content.
Why did ej pick this game
While in Arizona, did you put on your rainbow shades?
Do you guys leave Las Vegas when the iHeartRadio music festival is going on?
If Matt Was To Sell His Winner’s Bracelet,How Much Would You Ask For It ??????????🎉🎉🎉❤❤
Q of the day: When to Europe to play slots?
Love the channel guys! QOTD How is Matt doing with giving advice on discord? Any good anonymous questions you could share? And has anyone taken your advice and followed up with the outcome?
Russian speaking in background?
Question: do mom’s of daughters who meet Matt try to fix EJ up with their daughters?
WBG ❤ Question of the day who has won the most at one time out of you guys and were did u win the most and what game was it thanks alot.😮
What casino in az is this at I Wana play it lol!
QOTD for Chip. Before this Big Beautiful Journey, what did younger Chip want to do when he grew up? After Chip answers I’d love to hear everyone else’s answer
QOTD: Does WBG spend his entire day thinking of puns to make out of every day conversation? Or do they just puncture your thoughts without warning?
QUESTION OF THE DAY... do any of yall have any special skills that you are good at or just really enjoy doing... for instance wood working, painting, tadpole hunting...
All of you are very smart. Do you guys know your IQ score?  I would love to know.
Wonder why they lose so much cause they pick awful games.
what's a fly by
QOTD, WBG,who has the most hrs in the casino over the yrs?
QUESTION OF THE DAY!! Where are these tequila shots for the $200k grand? A deal is a deal
Hey guys! QOTD what is you're favorite road trip / plane ride snack? What is your must have for a trip?
How often does graffiti guy come?? Well it depends on how hard he shakes his can…..🤦🏻‍♂️
QOTD: Matt are you a Howard stern fan? I hear you say “hey now” a lot and that’s ones of sterns favorite lines. Did you hear the big prank he just pulled a few weeks ago on everyone that thought he was cancelled?
WBG QOTD: In a recent episode you had a lot of tickets for $2499.99 what happened to the missing cent? You guys don’t like anything less than $100 bills so don’t see you having pockets full of coins
Question of the day:  Is it awkward to film in casinos still? I love watching folks walk by and look at you guys with the most puzzled looks, like they've never seen a camera in a casino.
WBG Qotd: WBG, did you actually show the others the song I sent you on X? You said you liked it. But I don't know if the rest of the gang even heard it. Cheers from Norway
QOTD….How do you determine how long the daily is..seems like 45-50 minutes??
WBG question of the day... Who would win in an arm wrestling competition out of the core four, whom from the extended cast would you invite or excluded.
QOTD: Am I the only one who doesn’t understand how to take a screenshot of my question? How is it unique to me? Couldn’t anyone do that and send it in? Any elaboration on the details of that would be helpful for the less technologically advanced viewers.
It’s obvious how Matt and EJ met (maybe) but how did the rest of you guys meet and how did it turn into the giant following you have now?
I have a question for everyone: What is your favorite popcorn flavor/toppings?
You idiots get absolutely hornswaggled in that game and continue to play it? Make it make sense. Then bitch when you’re “down for the year” I wonder why?
Where are you guys playing in Arizona?
With the Marine Corps 250th birthday coming up, would you all like to do something to celebrate it?
WBG QOTD❤If you were invisible for one day where would you go and what would you do ? Thanks for letting us hang out with you guys you’re honestly a tonic when times are not so good 😘
I have a interesting question? Why did yall go on the “Lucky experience” if yall rag on the sayings so much and say you don’t like it? Lol. Was it just for the fun?
WBG QOD for WBG, with your poker background why have you not suggested the great Phil Laak’s phrase when talking about being off the high water mark as being Upstuck?
WHY do W2 always have to JINX the bonuses.. just Let it play out, Stop asking questions 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️
Sometimes I wonder how you guys can be down 300K for the year and then I watch you literally throw all of your money away (and not even have fun while doing it)
What’s everyone’s best win on a slot. Preferably off camera stories. Did that become a favorite slot before or after the win?
QOTD: What is your most embarrassing moment? 🤔
Did you really just play that game for 1 hour and 20 minutes and that was the video? What the heck?
Question...🎆🎆🎆 How did all of you become friends and does WBG and Wjesus get paid for the sessions also.🤔🤗🥰
Can Vegas Matt dunk on Vegas Baby’s goal? (QOD?)
QOTD: How were you able to set yourself up to be able to afford a 6, 7, or even an 8 figure bankroll?  Watching the recent loss streak was painful, and I wasn't the one losing the money, but watching you guys lose half an average person's salary in a day was pretty crazy.  This isn't intended to be judgemental - I'm just curious about how you got to this financial position.  Thank you if you see this!
Question: With the upcoming jackpot tax change; how much money in taxes do you think you'll save over the course of the year?
Does the casino have any alert system in place to notify staff that a Grand Jackpot is about to be won, even if the players haven't completed the necessary spins yet? We know slot outcomes are pre-determined based on when the button is pressed, but does the casino know when a Grand is about to be hit well before the players do?
How many three and four hundred dollar bonuses can you get before you move
Question of the day for W2: I was watching a youtube video on pawn stars and I am pretty sure I saw you selling a coin. What was that experience like and can you go into more detail on how you got the coin?
Was that the black eyed peas
WBG QOTD:  this is actually geared a bit toward WBG, but all may answer:  what do you tend to order if the restaurant doesn't have what you want / what's your go-to if you're in an indecisive mood?  (And WBG specifically, if there are minimal to no vegan options, do you resort to a salad, and do you even enjoy salads?)  Thanks!
WBG QOTD: Where and how did Vegas Mom and Vegas Matt meet?
??? Why keep playing this?
22 minutes in i still dont know what a fly by is
Anyone else watch at 2x speed?
Question of the day, next time someone complains about a win over 1 thousand dollars, will you send the win to my bank account? :D
QOTD: how differently do you gamble on videos vs gambling in your individual lives? I know it’s a different bank roll but interested to know what games/bet amounts everyone is firing in there off-camera
QOTD: When you have 2 machines next to each other why don't Vegas Matt and EJ play both at the same time to see which is the hot machine? 🙌✌👏🎰🍀🐈
WBG QUESTION OF THE DAY,  What are Vegas Mom's favorite slot machines? Also what other games in the casino are her favorites? I would also be interested to hear this answer from the whole team.  Thanks for the authentic view of how gambling really happens.
Wbg question of the day.?  Vegas Matt always speaks very highly of his father in videos. Who do you have in your lives that made an impact on you like Matt's dad did with him? Matt do you have a story from your dad that set you up for success in life? Thanks fellas.
Will Vegas Matt lose a million before the end of the year?
WBG QUESTION OF THE DAY???? Why have you guys stopped buying bonuses? I think you got wrecked less when you bought bonuses. You should have a competition on Monday every week, and the winner chooses the games for the rest of the week.
Is the fly-by in the room with us right now?
Is the "fly by" in the room with us?
What do you mean?People are going to start thinking you're making it up. I've been wondering for quite a while. Just kidding have fun good luck
QQTD- How often would you say you walk past a game like Ultimate X and notice multipliers left behind.  And when you do notice, do you go over to spin those off?
WBG question of the day: what advice do you have for up and coming slot content creators? Market advice, niche videos. Anything that can help someone
Qod...where do you guys see your life in 5 years..marrage kids grandkids more channels, lets look ahead!
What was your worst medical procedure
What makes WBG think he’s in charge all of a sudden?
WBG question of the day.  Is there a movie that you have watched over and over again that you would recommend us to watch? And why would you recommend it?
the new meta Ray-Ban glasses are out you could record with them when playing?
It's time for wbg's question of the day day 8 question for casino manager Adam, what is the biggest comp the El Cortez has ever given out to one of its players or whales I have heard of people getting vehicles like Lamborghinis private jets what is it that the El Cortez has done for its customers?
There are 2 books on amazon claiming to be “The art of winning” and about your life. One has you on the cover the other has a person standing on a mountain. Which one is yours and which is fake? I am assuming someone used AI to create a fake to sell to unknowing fans of yours.
Question of the day.  Have you guys played slots in other countries,  I always feel like there's lots of games like Lucky lady's charm, book of ra and more that you'd enjoy and they tend to give very big bonuses compared to bet size, are there any games in other countries you wish you had in Vegas?
QUESTION; How many days a month do yall travel?
Which casino are you guys at today? I live here in Arizona my daughter works at Lone Butte casino!
Question of the day.  Vegas Matt if you were to quit gambling what would EJ, WBG and W2 Jesus do?
Hour and a half?  Dayum!
Question of the day- What kind of bee’s make milk??     Boobee’s   Yeah I went there
When Grand Jackpot?
