What's our next project??????
Did nobody notice the fly on the left eyelid of the head at 12:51?  You can even see the fly moving away from the left side of the head in the air at 13:02.  LOL.
It is for birthing cows? At first I thought it was for conceiving ones..
Am I the only one who now wants to see Gav and Dan in Kentucky filming Scott firing a ballistic gel goose out of his punt gun at a zombie head?
There are collaborated videos now?
wouldnt the tube being like 10  or 15 feet make it shoot out much faster? 20 ft seems like its probably lingering in there too long/ the pressure dissipates too early
Hmmmm thats a very phallic "bird".
0:14 not the question I was gonna ask, because that wasn't what I saw XD
So, how bad would this hurt? End of life?
You may find yourself, firing a lubed ballistic duck out of an air cannon And you may ask yourself, "Well, how did Fabio's head get here?"
Is is just me, or is Fabio a spitting image of Weird Al?
What on earth are those trousers that Mr. Fingers is wearing??! They're glorious!
Why is it so funny watching a rubber goose leave the end of a Canon in slow mo???😂
nobody see the fly get squished at 12:51? (gf noticed)
Why are you doing this to a Weird Al model?
Asking why they are firing ballistic gel shaped into a goose out of a barrel is the exact reason why I am here
But where's the footage from Bobby and Dan's fake fight?
Does this hurt the birds?
i thought it was something else in the thumbnail😭
Why not in normal speed as well?
Is that Jeff Bezos?
no slo mo footage of the carpark brawl tho? 😂
I enjoyed this, but can someone please tell me why Fabio and the goose is still famous?
who else is here from Bobby's video, wondering what started the handbag fight in Austin ?
Is there a medical issue causing Adam to constantly wipe his mouth?
I'm curious why they didn't make a 1 ft or like a certain amount of centimeters mark on the barrel to help them calculate the speed a little bit easier lol
Wait a minute, is that Gavin from achievement hunters?
2 questions: wheres Destin, and what would a supersonic bird do to the face?
How many times was needed. To think someone’s face went through that
"Am I missing an eyeball?"
12:28 wait is that jeff bezos?
Did you consider adding rifling to your duck?
Does this guy know how lucky he is to get Adam savage AND the slo mo guys?
12:31 Jeff bezos that you? 😂
i dont know why or how but why does the bobby guy sound and look like like nogla
Is that lazlo from Gta?
6:16 - 9:03 That scene was shot after all the other ones since the face has damage that is not on any of the following shots. Why do you put the scenes out of sequence, do you have a pulp fiction syndrome?
Is it me or does that actually look like a slug?
‘How did you lose your eye?’  ‘An oily bird.’  ‘What?’
Why does the thumbnail look like wierd al
So super sonic goose is next?
can i be honest .. that did not look like a bird in the thumbnail .. this looked like something 18+ content
Next could you get bird dummies with fake bone to further simulate what it would be like to get hit in the face with an actual bird
But do we know whether Fabio was _pursuing_ the goose?🎢
This is what happens when 3 god tier YouTube channels collaborate to answer the world's most important questions.
So who or what is Fabio? You never elaborate on it as if it's obvious or something.
For the brits, am I the only person who thinks the dummy was modelled on Jimmy Saville
Is that dummy head supposed to be Fabio? lol   When he was on the rollercoaster and that bird hit his nose?
Why didn't the goose have a beak?
That.... That does NOT look like a bird...  And 'covered in lube' ?  Please say it's not marked as kids safe lol
Why are they doing this? Why I am I watching this? Why is it awesome?  Thank you!!!!
Anybody else notice that the recordings at 8:35 and 8:53 are from 2 different attempts? Kind of unsatisfying.
Where’d he get that goose?
4:14 Same rag that Savage used to wipe the lube off his hands?
@Adam... Why are you at the weak points all the time?
Am I the only one who thinks the dummy in the thumbnail for the video looks like Weird Al?
wait, you call THAT a big pressure tank for an aircannon? i can see Destin from SmarterEveryDay tell you "Hold my beer". i demand a retake with an hypersonic ballistic gel goose!
Why is blond Weird Al being hit in the face with a bad dragon in the thumbnail?
Did the 75mph speed include both the flight speed of the bird and the momemtum of the coaster itself for the demo?
14:35 when she doesn't stop??
Would you please experiment with a soccer  ball in a canon or any other machine to see how destructive it could be if it travels at a super high speed?⚽🌪💥
11:17  why does he look like he’s running towards the princess / main character, and it’s a slo-mo shot of him, and he’s the main characters love interest ???
did anyone else see the fly getting decimated by the bird? lol
ngl that "bird" looks more like a...    uh..       mayhaps, something that goes up in the...       ..rear? Perhaps?
How did the dinner go???
How much this Camera price ?
So we’re just not gonna talk about the thumbnail?
I just had a similar feeling... how did I get here... why am I watching this... and why am I so engrossed?
why is Weird Al" Yankovic in your thumb nail?
That is a goose? I could have sworn it was something else.. Something of the adult toy variety..?
Goose? That thumbnail looks like something else
I thought this was mythbusters when I clicked on it. I wonder how often it actually happens? Eg. seems like another good reason to wear a helmet when riding a motorcycle.
12:48 Did anybody else see the mosquito?
Why women don’t do this kind of stuff?
WHY IS THE MUSIC SO LOUD
How did you get the head from Art Attack? 😂
why not just slide the lubed bird in from the other side lol
Why does the dummy look like "the head" from 90s art attack 🤣🤣
why? the whole video I was asking myself, why?
So was that  the first rebird?
Did you guys move to the U.S so you could do insane stuff with guns and whatnot? I'm way out of the loop.
should have done the last shot filled with the rest of the bucket of lube, just tilt it back and fill it from the front
Hi gentlemen, I wonder How fast does air fill the vacuum and could it be filmed? Im wondering how fast a propeller should spin to cavitate in the air and if its even possible.
Who would win?  Man living his life  Vs  Bird with nut all over
am i the only one who think that in the thumpnail it looks like a d*ldo?
Can I like this twice?
3:10 is that a LGBT wrist watch belt? motherfucher gav 😡😡
Why does the dummy looks like al yankovic
whys the music so loud in the begining?
why did the dummy head look like a blonde weird al???
am I the only one who saw Weird Al in the thumbnail?
Is it weird that the target looks like a blonde Weird Al to me?
Can you do a collaboration video with NileRed and several chemistry demonstrations like the Iodine clock utilizing the high speeds and macro lens or even challenge the two practices of Chemistry and high speed macro/micro/nano videography ?
What happens if you put that lube on a Slip 'N Slide?
Can someone (Slo Mo Guys or BobbyFingers) put up the video of the fist-fight between Dan and BobbyFingers?  That'd be a great watch
animal what?
Did anybody else think the thumbnail was a butt plug and get click baited?
Can we just stop and really think about how amazing this kind of collab is?
0:39 yo Gus? #talesfromthestinkydragon
Sir  pls answer my  question that if rolling shutter speed is 20ms and shutter speed is 1/16sec(62ms) so brother frame has information bw 0 to 20ms brother am I right ? Thanks for your help
Can you please destroy a Bolognese tear in slow motion🥺
why does the dummy look like "normal" al yankovic
Have you guys tried backwards drink can opening, its like a gun
Subscribed to all three already, my brain is going "whut? Whut happun?!"
Where is old stormy when you need her
Did you and B Fingers really get in a fistfight?
Why does the thumbnail look like weird al?
We just gonna ignore the dilly at the end there? 😂
I really thought the "bird" was some kind of innuendo for... something else.
After all these years you are still wearing the same lab coat how does that thing not just fall apart at any moment
Has anyone here ever been to Norway?
So next balloon video is gonna be Dan in a lube balloon right?
No one is going to ask if the slomo guys actually got into a scuffle with BF?  Ok, I will.
Anyone ever film a speaker blowing out as it happens in slow mo?
If this is an episode of Mythbusters... what is the myth that's being busted? 🤔
why would they do that to weird al :(
Hey Slow Mo Guys, so were the files corrupted then? or did you make that up?
anyone else excited for giant balloon june?
Why don't you guys ever film the eclipse in slow motion for us o see, uncut?
Where's the @Fabio
0:30, Did his mouth REALLY have to be open for this shot? Looks so wrong XD
Did Adam savage watch the MotoGP at Phillip island?
Have you ever quack a duck with some lube ?
why not put a big canopy over the camer/replay thing.......instead of trying to use your hand???? or am i just etarded ?
Are these guys grown ups? 😅❤
Am I the only one who thinks homeboy look like Vasiliy Lomachenko ?
What is the word?
I just watched the Bobbyfingers video! Was the fight real? Or just all part of the joke?
Question..🤔🤔🤔 What would happen if you fired a metal bullet at a magnetic helmet could you possibly repel it? And.. Could you get the metal bullet to speed up when it gets close to the magnet if it's pulling the bullet? ... I have a feeling the bullet may just be moving too fast to do anything!!
Is that a Weird Al head bust they are shooting at?
So you guys ARENT mad at eachother?
So was the fight in Bobby's video just a bit?  Ya got me!  I like all your videos, but this collab is my new favorite!
But what about the fight? Who won?
I don't know how much would it hurt and how much damage would the bird cause, but it's clear how much you would taste it.
So, are we not mentioning how that duck doesn’t look like a duck? 😂
Are you guys in contact with TAOFLEDERMAUS at all. Would be a sick collaboration!
IDK why but that image at 11:00 is just haunting
who's looking after your kids?
can you guys do a bouncing betty in slow mo? could be an interesting challenge to avoid camera damage
So who won the fight between you and Bobby?
I scoured the comments and found no mention of it, but am I the only one who thinks that bobby sounds like a calmer Nogla, not just the accent, but the pitch of his voice
Anyone else think the face looks like Goobertown hobbies?
Wait that was a goose?
Why are you throwing birds at blonde Weird Al?
So did that fight after bbq actually happen?
Is that a S.  E.  X TOY
Are those the $3k mars yard shoes???
my childhood why am i actually crying
Did Bobby really fight the slow mo guys?
10:27 So gel... solid or liquid? Is there a debate, how fast can gel interchangeably go from solid to liquid and back again? Was that not a display of changing the state of matter also?
Maaaaannneeeee is this because Fabio got hit by a goose on Apollos chariot? 💀
So at a certain point if you launch a ballistic gel goose at a Fabio face it becomes a Randy Quaid face??? Fascinating.
what uh.... what lube yall using? no particular reason
14:34 why does the dummy look like red skull after Cap shield bashed him, just happier🤣🤣
But...why?
Y’all lost a sub if ur gonna show the impact at the start don’t then just cut it off right at the impact. And u did it slow no aswell like ok waste my time harder
Why don't they use ballistic heads for this type of experiments? That manequin head throws away all the cientific interest.
so was the fight real?
Wondering if either of @theslowmoguys have ever been to Norway
0:26  is that Danny Carey of the band Tool...!!???....?? ..m...mmmm.... 😮🤔 Yup... Yeah.... Yeah it has to be, if that's not modeled after Danny Carey the drummer from Tool.... Well hell if you don't believe me..  just look him up! 😂
surprised he put the tank to pressure then got in front of it to load the bird? maybe the excitement got to him?
Lubed birds to the face?
What was Adam riding @ 7:12?
Who is Fabio?^^  I mean I am called Fabio, but I don't look like thst guy^^
Is that the biggest ball valve? That air "cannon" was pretty underwhelming
can we get a slow motion 75mph fish slap ahah
What kind of "bird" is that?
Did he swallow?
I'm curious if Adam knows who else uses that lube because I was like 😳 when it popped up
Now to do it with an actual duck and balistics head see what kind of damage it does? In the name of science that is, you may get hit by one in the wild, you know how things happen
Can you film a frogs tongue in slow motion
birthing lube? I can't believe it's not butter.
3:05 That’s the space between you intestines and the rest of the body. How would you possibly get any of that there?
Wait - Steven Seagal got body slammed? When?
is this the first time Geoff and Eric have been on slow mo guys technically? (on a shirt but....:) :) Regulation appearance.
Ever catch a June Bug to the face at 75mph?
Doesn't look like a bird on the thumbnail mate
I wonder if Fabio will ever watch this 🤣
Is fabio still alive to see this and if so what are his thoughts
why are you talking to everyone like we're slow?
How much Pressure do you need to get the cow back into the other cow? 😂   Jk and we shouldn't be kidding about Cows being force-impregnated for the milk-/cowmeat industry.
Why does it low key look like Shane from Smosh?
Soooooo if I take this cannon, put a lot of lube in it, and then aim at the "hole" and fire it, would it "penetrate"?😏
An Irish lad wearing an Adebisi TShirt out in the desert with Adam Savage shooting geese asking how did I get here? C'mon lad.
Did you guys just have a competition to see how much of my childhood you could put in one video??
Why do I feel like it's 2008 and I'm watching Mythbusters?
The head looks like the head from Art Attack??? 😅
This is great. What the hell is it for? lol
if j lube is like methylcellulose powder, could you use the powder as a replacement for j-lube when the cost is higher on j-lube?
Does anyone else think that around 13:05 Fabio looks like he turns into Joe Walsh?
Dan asking about "cow juice" is absolutely diabolical.
14:33 - Is that an Arnold or a Ronny Cox cameo, i cannot tell...
Hang on, Fabio is a REAL person? I thought it was just what you call camp men with long hair typically seen on the cover of flick books? A name like Karen, Mungo, or Chad.
Is that head of Galadriel from Rings of Power?
Who else thought that rubber projectile was something else?
Was it just me, but when Fabio lost his wig at 12:29, did he suddenly turn into Jeff Bezos?
Did anyone else think of the basketball into Dan's face video?
could you do a video on Senko Hanabi Sparklers i think seeing them in slow mo would look cool NightHawkInLight did a video on how to make them and one looked like a sun
Did you really fight with Bobby and send him the mail about the corrupt files?
Why does it look like Jeff Bezos without the hair?? Lol
Can you do a slow mo video of a ballistics dummy lab in an MRI machine with a stomach full of ball bearings?
I live near Busch Gardens Williamsburg, where the Fabio incident happened, and it is the stuff of legend. Is the ballistics gel goose the same weight as a real goose? Either way, incredible video.
Is it true you and Bobby Fingers got into a real fight or was it all play?
Wait did they move to Texas or something?
anybody need some high pressure calf discharges?
0:25 actually, I was thinking "Is that Adam Savage?  What is he doing here?"
Is that J-lube they are using? Yeah... i use that stuff to shove things in things too
Why and I laughing so much at this?
This is super cool, but the air cannon guy in me sees the ball valve and the tiny pipe feeding the barrel from the tank and just wonders about what it could have been
Why are you punishing an effigy of legendary drummer for Tool, Danny Carey, with a bird to the face?
I THOUGHT I WAS WATCHING MYTHBUSTERS CLIP??? ADAM?!?
Dan:”how do you aim something so long?” Bobbyfingers:”I have tons of experience with that” *pats his back* Fckng hilarious 😂
Inconclusive data. Needs rigid skeletal internals.
Is this what dreams are made of?
So was the fight real or not?
Why are these guys shooting giant slugs at Weird Al?
So, was there really a fist fight or was that all staged? Secondly we need know how it happened not necessarily who won.
why no one is talking about how the Face look just like Jeff Bezos when the hair fell off!
I just had an idea for ballistic gel, I don’t know if it’s possible though. I imagine water being poured on it, then shooting something through the water and into the ballistic gel. If it makes the usual hole, it might pull in some water.
Slow Mo chaps, how starstruck were you?
Does sag aftra hand out the same hats to every minor tv celebrity??
Who won the fights between Dan and Bobbyfingers?
Am I the only one who has zero clue what Fabio has to do with this??
Why shooting a bird in Danny Carey's face? 🤔
What is that thumbnail 😂😂
16:10 oh my dirty mind. Please tell me what that red thing is.
So this was all to find out whether Fabio could have been hit directly in the face by a bird and come away with only the minor injuries that he did. I'd question the methodology a little - is the gel bird the same mass as a real bird? The real bird would have seen the coaster coming and probably tried to avoid it, spreading its wings and possibly only clipping Fabio with a wing tip or maybe just the tail.
Jeff Bezos – is that you?
After 1st goose hit i was like why am i watching this but i cant look away
So was the fight between them and Bobby faked?
who's Fabio?
Did you intend the dummy to look like Danny Carey?
Oh that's a ballistic gel goose?  Thank god i thought it's something elese 😂
Maybe he can help you get a tv show? Hope you do more together
least time-watched video in channels history?
12:31 is that Bezos?
Am I the only one who thinks their Fabio looks like Weird Al?
This was great, but I think we all wanna know what happens when bones get involved.
Am i going crazy or does Bobby sound EXACTLY like Ray Romano?
Anyone else think during the one where he lost his hair, he looked like a buff Bezos?
Why does that Fabio head make me think of the time Jason Sensation dressed up as Owen Hart the night Degeneration X was making fun of the Nation of Domination??
Seeing J-Lube, and wondering who knows and who doesn't.
With Tom Sachs General Purpose Shoes!?!?
I wonder what sort of collaboration they could come up with if Gav, Dan, Adam and the How Ridiculous guys got together.
What are you doing step-air cannon???
No mention of the fly that landed above the eye just before impact?
So uh… what was this for?
What caused the fight ?
Mythbusters - “ballistic goose covered in animal birthing goo” is just another day at the office, but “about to take the goose to the grid” is that a euphemism for something?
So did Dan and Bobby actually brawl it out in the lot
How the hell did Bobby and Dan get in a fight? It's stupidly hilarious!
Who is that in the background wearing an insulated hooded jacket while the rest of you are in t-shirts?  That was pretty funny.
Why does Fabio without hair look like Jeff Bezo's?
Why why give it face.. Dude.
Wtf was the red thing flying through the frame at the end??
Doesn't look like a bird in the thumbnail
It’s been 25 years since that happened? I lived near Busch Gardens so it was on the news there, that’s the only reason I know about it
That wasn't my first question.. but I loved myth busters so I'll give a like. #riprt
new MythBusters cast ?
I'm sure they were sure they could but never stopped to ask if they should.
I wonder if adam realizes what he did for so many kids on Mythbusters. He is what Bill Nye wishes he could be like.
How was 14:35 NOT the thumbnail
…So did he actually get in a fight and make you send him the footage by using sensitive documents?! Or was that just a bit?
I see you guys in the same shot, and my mind keeps telling me it must be some bad photoshop instead of y'all actually right next to each other.
Why do i feel when Adam Savage looks at Dan he thinks of all the things he can do with a military trained explosives engineer?
did Dan and Bobby really get into a fight?
Who knew that the shape of a flying creature was aerodynamic?
How to demonetize a video in 5 seconds.
One full day with Adam Savage, and this was the experiment chosen?  🤷 🤦
Why does he look so much like Bobby Sands?!???  🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
The thumbnail makes it look less like a goose and more like a......  Am I the only one?
Is it just me or does that Bobby guy seem like he was trying too hard? And that was before he put the eyeball in his mouth.
@bobbyfingers is that an adebisi shank tee? because what a band
Adam Savage is still launching weird things out of air cannons? Some things never change, and we love it!
What's with the crazy bass rumbling throughout the video?
Why is the ball valve and the transfer pipe so small?
Okay so next up the goose versus one of those zombie ballistic heads?
Where's Jamie at ? Hope he's well and happy as usual !!
started here, went to Tested ... finished with bobby and now back here ... ummm @Dan, what happened?
if you could get the barrel lubbed with thin lube while the goose had thiccer lube that acts as a sort of sealant to help keep the pressure behind the "bird" that should be smaller but its fine if its got damn bigger than a ptarmigan i guess?
But...why?
Are they trying to communicate?  I feel like they are trying to communicate. It's a shame there is so much wind interference that it's *wind wind wind wind* " hahaha". Well...what was said?!
Anyone else immediately think of 'The Head' from Art Attack when they saw this thumbnail? 😂
Who knew Fabio and Weird Al were long lost twins and why didn't someone tell me?
The point of this is?
Anyone think they were firing something else from the thumbnail? 😳
Did Daniel and Bobby really get into a "real" fight or was that staged around the time you guys ate together after filming (according to Bobby's side of things)? That's kind of crazy and absurd. lol
Whyd Weird Al have to go and get himself decapitated 😔
60fps? I guess because you're in Texas huh
So, was the fight real?
anyone else think the fabio looks like The Head from Art Attack? 😂
That looks like something to the face… not sure if it’s a bird.
of all things in the world to try, how in the name of all that is holy did you get this idea
why mannequin look like Sharlto Copley?)))
Nailed it on the first time? Nah, I'm pretty sure he's done THIS EXACT THING before. With Adam Savage being Adam Savage, I wouldn't be surprised, honestly...
Every now and again on this channel I think to myself, how is that an actual job 😂
That's a ..... duck?
Breh, why that starting frame
adam and the slow mo guys??? yeeeee☺️
@08:37 the real question if the head was anatomically correct, would it go go down its the throat...?
Is there slow mo of the fight?
Anybody else think the bald Fabio looks like Jeff Bezos?
I wonder what Fabio feels about this?
Can you guys try to film welding in slow motion?
0:24 Actually I was wondering when Bad Dragon got an air force
Was that fight with Bobby & Dan real? Did Bobby really blackmail them to get the footage? :)
Why does “Fabio” look like Danny Carey from Tool?
Isn't Bobby Fingers also known as Bobby Chrome from the band Rubberbandits?
"bird" who picked that thumbnail ?
You ever wonder why we're here?
Who's the drunk Irish hobo
Gav?  Why does the dummy look like @JamesWillemsStuff?
Reboot of mythbusters with Adam Gav and Dan?
Is it just me or do the slowmo shots make the bird seem like a wet fish.
Awesome! What does the real Fabio think?
Can you another bollistic Gell video please.
Adam, Gav, Dan and who???
What was with the fight with Dan and Bobby that he showed on his channel?
Yo where I can get that ADEBECI shirt??
What was the fight about after dinner?
Adam Savage is always a treat! I LOVE the music on the slow-mo! Can you guys put up a link to it?
12:53 Marty Feldman is that you? 14:34 Yep, it's him alright.
am i wrong? i did not think "Bird" when i saw the thumbnail...
How have these guys never done a video with the Mythbusters before
Whoa, did Dan really had a fistfight with Bobby Fingers? Eather way, that knee to the rib looked painful.
Did Dan really fight Bobby Fingers?
what did I just watch??? :D
How many legends can you fit in one shoot?
Did you guys actually get in a fight with Bobby fingers.
12:20 so this is how jeff bezos was made?
Is this a bird? Are you sure? 😅😅
Where can One aquire such powerful lube so I can use it for recreational activities ?
Are those for sale? I need to settle a dispute.
So....why were you doing this again?
Can those birds be implemented with radar tech and launched into a tornado with slowmo data also? Whole new view of chasing!
does anyone else find that air cannon underwhelming? idk if its the length or what but it always seems like its not that fast...
Wth happened between Dan and bobby at bbq?😂😂
Is it just me or does the thumbnail look a little ..... Phallic
I was wondering who's buying those giant tubs of lube. The more you know.
How Disney gets story board footage for Frozen 3
why is the music volume so loud it interferes with the people talking
Wtf did I just watch? And why am I enjoying it so much 🤣🤣
Wouldn't the bones inside the goose (and a skull in pseudoFabio) have made things impact differently?
Anyone from the UK over the age 28, does the Fabio head kinda look flesh coloured version of The Head from Art Attack with a terrible blonde wig? Definitely a similar strong jawline and grimace.
Is this peak slo-mo?
How much does renting those cameras cost?
So is Dan getting Animal lube for GBJ (Giant Balloon June?)
Why didn't you guys invite Fabio to judge the accuracy?
Where do I get a bottle of that lube powder?.. Asking for a friend
Funny looking bird. Where can I get one?
How did it feel to be called a genius by THE Adam Savage?
Why is a ballistic gel goose covered in animal birthing lube being fired out of a twenty foot air cannon?  No Gav, I never think that. I've grown up watching YouTube.
It's close to June again.... Or maybe I'm just a balloon lover? But I think ORBEEZ would look wonderful in balloons and slow-mo
What the f...
Did Bobby Fingers and Dan really get into a fight or was that just a skit!? Just watched Bobby Fingers video!
So it's safe to assume the fight between Bobby and Dan is more of a bit for his video? Hope that wasn't real.
… is that a bird?
I thought that was something else in the Thumbnail....
How did you overlook the opportunity to fire a spear out of the cannon into the dummy head and show it here??
0:30 why i have to think here of the blue monday fish in the face meme?
soooo.... someone had to ask... why are you using "cow juice" instead regular oil or grease?
So what skills have you learned that you never expected to need again and then ended up being unexpectedly useful?
Any Pattern Recognition fans?
I wonder if Fabio can laugh at this now. I hope he sees this!
You have that moment of wtf are we doing. At 10:05 I had that feeling: Wtf am I watching and why is this so entertaining. GG
How could you *not* zip-tie a fabio head onto the end of the air cannon & insta-inflate it?
Was the fight with Dan and Bobby Fingers real? Lmao what an epic collab
Why does it sound like you guys were in a constant storm
Did anyone else think Adam was cleaning his shoe in the lube?
How is this only a 16 minute video.  It should have been an hour long special!
Did anyone else notice the fly that landed  @12:51 and got obliterated by the bird?
Does anyone know if this channel is sticking around? Since their parent company is shut down now will Slo Mo Guys continue???
Wait is Dan the Adam Savage of Slow Mo Guys?
Why does this look like yo mama's toy
Did Bobby Finders absolutely wreck Dan?
Did Dan actually get into a fight with Bobby or was that just some shenanigans for his video?
I absolutely love this Slow Mo Guys and Adam Savage crossover, including the how did we get here discussion!
Was I the only one that thought it was the head of Jeff Spicoli from Fast Times? 😆
Is that suppose to be Fabio? Lol
Need a much wider connecting pipe between tank and barrel, and a bigger/fast-action valve.
@tested could you build a machine to simulate an instantaneous underwater implosion? Might need a hydralic press and a little submarine model. 🤔
you need a new employer right? Maybe the slow mo guys just join tested
Is there anything better than men just dicking around?
This is a certified “How Did We Get Here?” moment.
Okay, but.... why?
0:51 Why does he look like Michael from GTAV?
0:35 I thought 'what is Jake Gyllenhaal doing in this video??' Lmao, it took my some seconds to unsee him
I have to admit I didn't think that was actually a bird in the thumbnail. Really looked like something else ...
Where's the footage of the fight at Rudy's!?!
The real questions was the fight real?
Okay, why does that doll head look like Conan O'brien.
now, did you remember to write it down?
I like how the slow mo footage of the goose hitting his face for first time was 2 separate shots. Like really? You messed that up editors???
If I comment here instead of on the Regulation Pod channel, does that still make me a comment leaver?
A bobby fingers colab?!
I can't be the only one that thinks that looks like a s*xtoy?
This video is pure example of wastage of resources, money and such brains.. what and why we need this video... instead make somthing spectacular which is more challenging to make and understand.
Bro, this collab? Oh my god <3
I dont know why... but whats in the thumbnail doesnt look like a bird.
Why does Adam Savage being around ALWAYS make things better?!
I wonder if you can shoot that also using Destin's Team's baseball cannon?
Not so pretty now, is he? but... for real... why? I know you explained it, kinda... but I need more context
What even is that thumbnail
Wait wait wait wait wait.  Dan got into a fist fight with Bobby Fingers, and you DIDN'T film it in slow motion?!
I started questioning reality when I saw that thumbnail... Like WTH is that?!? 🤣🤣
I’m questioning the real identity of those geese
Wgo else is waiting on the C&D from Fabio?
The two slow mo clips from 8:29 weren't the same... what happened there?
That thumbnail is somewhat questionable xD
What's our next project??????
How do you even make this Bobby guy laugh or even smile...
So why is weird al getting  hit with a lubed bird
Is this even a SlowMo Guys video if Dan isn't in a tie-deyed lab coat the whole time, or getting hurt?
how much did bobbyfinger pay you to be on your channel?
If this was recorded back in 2022, how much of a backlog do they have?
I was wondering what was wrong with the first 6 minutes of the video then they put on their lab coats and all was right in the world
Anyone else think Weird Al Yankovic was getting slapped in the thumbnail?
Ummmmmm.... The thumbnail doesn't like like a "bird" to the face.... It looks a little more R rated than that lolololololololol... Might want to change it.
How the heck did Gav and Dan get a collab with Adam Savage?!?!?
hey guys, that thumbnail doesnt look like a bird? lol
Anyone else watch their videos in 0.25x speed to make it even SLOWER?
That thumbnail had me thinking it was something very different
Bro WHAT is in the video image
Is the dummy resemblance to Randy Johnson intentional?
Can you try this with a prop plane engine?
I'm just watching an old Mythbusters right now, complete with then-amazing slowmo footage, wondering (as I do when I watch MB lately) when the Slowmo Guys are going to collab with Adam. And today's the day I get to be really happy.
Bro what is that in the thunbnail wyf are you guys launchign
if you're the slow mo guys how come i was able to click this video so fast. 41 sec club
This looks to be like another regulation science experiment
hmm that  is a weird start
