Supreme graphics with animation like that?
Damn what kind of pc do you have dunkeyyyyy
game physics engine using the updated theory of general relativity as the basis for ur language ?!????
Can you play Indiana jones the force awakens
I'm at a complete loss. They turned an adventure story into a linear first person shooter (bread thrower) with no exploration or non-story items or places to collect and explore? They don't even have the shame to do an open-world Ubisoft style cash grab...
Who is miss Lawrence
Why did they just remake the beginning of Raiders? Isn't this supposed to be a different story?
If you have three graphics modes above Ultra is the top one really ultra anymore? Seems like this game actually had Very Low, Low, Medium, High and Ultra Disguised as a bunch of premium graphics
Can you play the aquateenhungerforce game
Anyone else got the ad for the game during the video?
6:48 was that dunkey or indy?
Do you know the super popular theme song of Don Quijote, a famous discount store in Japan? There are parts where Westerners hear "dunkey." Search for "Song Extended: Theme of Don Quixote".
Dunkey where is your Pokemon Black review ?
Silver in overwatch? 1 or 2?
Dunkey when do we get more information on Star of Providence!?!
Yo Dunk my guy where’s my E3 2024 (the video game awards) video at?! Reggie from Fortnite was there
Dear Shadow Jesus aka Dunky - can I design and make Shadow Jesus stickers for our community of dunkyites?  I am serious I'll design, have them made and ship them to you
When is Dunkey December coming?
Where is GOTY 2024 video? Maybe you are crying on the floor cause you lose 😂
why is an Indy game in first person?
Why am I laughing so hard at Dunkey’s chucking shovels at everybody? 😂😂😂
That's the actual name? I thought it was a joke
Who got an Xbox just to play this?
But... did Black Ops 6 finish installing yet?
All those settings and still doesn't know how to turn of fing motion blur.
Can you do a video on the GOTY awards
What about Minnesota Cuke and the Search for Noah's Hairbrush?
where's Donkey Kong December
2:06 No way the flag is already changed?
Do guns not exist in this game? In Indiana Jones movies the villains always have guns, and Indy does too.   7:40 Oh, there they are. Why was everybody just using blunt objects up until then, does the game not introduce guns until like 5 levels in or something?
can you do video on deadlock? should be good content
2:04  Thats the Syria's opposition flag!?!?
4:43 Omg the combat is hilarious  5:44 What kind of programming is that? Did his model register it as a weapon the moment it was within reach?
Dear Dunsley I'm worried we are at 12 of December and there isn't  DONKEY KONG DECEMBER CONTENT what's happening?
1:53 - Is that... is that Palestinian flag??? Is Indiana Jones based?
Why does it look like he's playing with controller? Just whipping the camera around
Jak and Daxter at the end? lol
8:33 - Do I... Do I hear Jak and Daxter at the end???
Will you be playing Anton Blast?
hey is this uncharted before uncharted was uncharted ? Like the og uncharted ?
Did you name Big Mode based off Big the Cat?
How to skip a cutscene on xbox? Is it possible? Thank you for help 😂
Did he ever do that cod6 vid?
Is it just me or did i just have a schizophrenic episode thinking dunky made a video of marvels rivals??😂
Anybody else can’t stand that Gina bit?
Wait this looks like a good game
I haven't watched the video yet or played the game, I'm just so nervous. what if it doesn't have light through the bottle technology? pls tell me it does 😭
what about black ops 6?
Jak & Daxter music for the outro?? ❤ My heart
Dunkey what is your opinion on united healthcare? just wondering. for no reason in particular.
dunkey, have you seen that Luigi Mangione quoted you in his yearbook but not in his manifesto? how does this make you feel
Is every bad guy in this game completely anti-gun or something???? Bunch of soldiers armed with bottles and spoons
am i missing something… what happened to donkey kong december?
Why would they make it first person. Goddammit
The CEO killer used a dunkey quote for his yearbook, coincidence?
Is this the first mob-of-italians-throwing-things-at-you-type game?
Fighting fascists? Is this where president elect Harris's campaign money went?
I started playing this today, I got to the big giant dude and turned it off... granted I was going to dinner in about 4 hours so I had to stop anyway, So I decided to stop 3 and a half hours early to make sure I was hungry. Why do games put prompts like 'hit X' ..... now 'hit left stick' to move something.... why not just let x do it? also, dont try to run and jump before it tells you to, you die, even though I knew what to do BEFORE being told but having a brain is not required for this game.
Dunkey, I loved your Luigi's Mansion video, can you review Luigi's 3D Printed Gun next?
why the Jak and Daxter music at the end? haha
Are the enemies really just called "Fascist"? Lol. Your side bad my side good
You would think by now they would have facial animations and animations overall that were much better. Seems to me they are not advancing animation but are going backwards, lol. :)
Is this a VR game?
Wait this is a fun type game?
Anyone know what the outro music is here? It might be Jak and Daxter but I can't tell
Does anyone have the name of the song in the outro?
Why there's no innovation on videogame mechanics since 2013?
Was that ending music from Jak and Daxter?
What... is this? A visual novelization of _Raiders of the Lost Ark?_ Is it one giant quicktime event, where you press X to intimidate a really bad CGI Alfred Molina? If I was a fan of Indiana Jones and I was working on this game, my soul would be crushed.
Dunkey!! I need to know. Id the song from the outro from jak and daxter?
When the fuck are we getting an actual dunkey video?!
Is this game dogwater or are you just making it LOOK like dogwater?
you didnt play this game on supreme settings, didnt you?
Ayo Jak and Daxter outro music..? 😮
I cannot tell if this game is good from this video or not!!
how do ppl say this looks like a ps3 game like wtf
Dude is that the music for the fishing minigame in the Jak & Daxter?!
Can I play this on my phone?
What's that one first person action-RPG game where you can kick people? I'm getting shades of that here  It's been SO long where I wanted to play a game just to dick around with the physics
How big is the cirle we are talking about?
Have you managed to install Black Ops 6 yet?
Sooo.... did Black Ops ever finish installing?
Is black ops 6 done downloading
how come the gameplay isn't Lego
Dunkey can you do more monsters inc type videos
Is this Knack 4?
When are you going to play Indiana jones?
Why does this look so fun?
Can they make a triple A lethal weapon game already
More MachineGames slop? Yeah nah, I think I'm good.
What, is this game a fan of Far Cry or something.
what about indiana jones and the pheobe waller bridge
where's the end song from??
whats the outro music?
are supreme graphics better than slick graphics?
Did anybody else notice the guy's arm vibrating at 100bpm at 1:09?
Wait a minute…  This game is just ripping off of Uncharted
They made the Facists the bad guys? Why everything always so political?
Is this monsters university?
why is this a game? who was this made for? why make it ever?
Wait can someone tell me how this is canon to Monsters Inc? I stopped after the first one.
Dunkey can you play antonball
I love the Jak and Daxter music at the end, can we get a video for that game please
Kinda goofy watching crowds of people throwing shit at you, especially at what looks like a military camp?
1:29 gettin whacked? I remember what that's like, shit city.
Seems like dunkey had a lot of fun! Is this game actually good?
4:38 Jazzpunk? Is that you?
Can anyone who speaks Dunkey tell me whether he likes this game
Soo.. is the game actually any good?😂
I wonder if dunkey can do a serious video review of Indiana jones and the great circle without making everything a joke every 5 seconds cause half of the jokes or majority are a miss
Hey donkey can you make another video about big yoshi please
why would you have the wolfenstein devs make a game that is mostly melee combat is this a joke
People are always saying games graphics have come so far, but idk man, 2024 and we're still on MEDIUM volumetric quality??? We're basically playing Super Mario Brothers for the Nintendo Entertainment System at this point
Is the bottle not the best weapon in the game? Go back to hitman. Can’t even dunky roll in this trash game
Why are they talking in italian? 😂
0:38 The Emerald Elf??
Imagine playing a game as your favorite movie character but all you can see is their hands wtf is this
I love that the damage seems to be cumulative.  Like, throwing an umbrella at someone? No effect, obviously.  Throw an umbrella at someone _three times,_ though?  You've now killed that man.
Dunkey can you cover the volumetric issues on the Drama Monday episode? We need some reaction videos
Is this a good game?
3:24 Why are his hands tiny
Why shoot people when you can throw a broom?
What's the music at the end? My brain thinks it's Jak and Daxter but it can't be ..
I find it curious that Indiana Jones gets a Harrison Ford look-alike but Snow White get some mexican?
2:58 How come I can still see the polygon edges on these urns at 1080p youtube video compression of a 2024 movie on the highest settings?
Have you heard of Uncharted, dunkey?
I wonder if Dunkey will ever be able to open black ops 6
0:21 the DLSS smear is so awful, or is that FSR2?
Do they seriously say fascist instead if nazi? 🙈
Being falsely smeared as a fascist? It's just like real life.
did cod start yet?
What about Indiana Jones and the Taco Bell Nacho Fries?
Was that Jak and Daxter music at the end? Sounded like the fishing mini game song
Any updates on the black ops download??? Been waiting on the vid!
Is that a jak reference?
How many graphiccards do I need to be Supreme?
can we get a 20 min video of dunkey throwing various items at fascists
This game is… good??
How about Indiana Jones and the Plague of the Beetle
Dunkey, we're unable to see the Supreme graphics with the 1080 video quality
is it just me or do the graphics look kinda shit ...
The first utensil thrower type game?
No donkey Kong this December?
What happened to Minecraft Saturdays? I was looking forward to you finishing Knack 3.
what's the bgm on the outro?
Is big wheel the main villain? And is he the one making the big circle? He must be. Marvel Spider-Man has been hyping him up so much.
Is call of duty done downloading yet?
what about Indiana Jones and random throwable bs
Harris Ford deaged again? :o
Is this Knack 3?
7:31 Is that an Indiana Jones reference in the Indiana Jones game?!?
Whats the music at the end ? Sounds quite nicee
the supreme graphics quality is too much for my pc, it cant load the video properly (cant go over 17 fps), could you people re-record the video with lower graphic setting Mr. Dunkey, thank you
The Great Circle? You mean the Elden Ring.
why does uncharted 4 look better than this
What about Indiana Jones a nd bubber ducky
what about monsters inc dodgeball
only 481 likes? really fell of
Dunkey was confirmed a father and didn't tell us? 😢  (Congrats btw Dunk!)
This is the most banger Monster's Inc Sunday yet, how will the dunk ever top this one?
Is this in the same universe as Harold and the Purple Crayon?
WHERE IS THE BLACK OPS 6 VIDEO
