Guessing that 9 mile walk was to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame!
I like the interviews. Do more with the artist so they can talk and go in depth. You excel when you ask and let them ramble and talk.
Glad to hear that you are well! For a song breakdown I would really like to understand more about Simply Red - Fairground !
How about an interview with Joe Perry and some of his early work?
Hey Rick! Glad to know everything went well! Moving forward, what if you start a “classic albums” kind of series? Wish you all the best!
Teddy Rumble, before a person asks a sarcastic question about passing a certain subject, they should learn how to spell. In case you don't know, "fid" is not a word. And a heart bypass is nothing to joke about on this video. Learn some manners.
I will likely need this procedure if I am lucky. Wondering what made you choose Cleveland Clinic over other heart surgery centers.
Glad you 're doing well Rick, you look like you've lost about 15 pounds as well??  God Bless.
Oh no Ric, did you get the jab?
Did you have any heart palpitations Rick?
I love your 'What Makes This Song Great?' series
Thank you for sharing…. You look great for having surgery just a week prior👍 What kind of valve did you get?… mechanical or tissue?   I’m going to Cleveland Clinic in 2 weeks for both my mitral and tricuspid valves. I’ve been followed since birth for cardiac anomalies and have undergone 5 sternotomies. They’re talking about transplant now, I’m praying Cleveland might have a trick up their sleeve to just fix my valves❤
I love all the content you provide. And, i prefer the song break downs, since you asked.
You're 62?!? You look my age and I'm more than twenty years your junior!
So you are just a regular human like the rest of us? So glad to hear you from you and to know you are doing well... and selfishly, that you will be blessing all of us with more videos!
Rick, thank you for this health update and thank you for your channel. I enjoy the breadth of what you do. Would you be interested in giving us a “What Makes This Song Great?” episode on Jose Feliciano’s cover of “Light My Fire”? I wish for you a continued and full recovery.
Thank you Rick for all you do.  You are way too young to have this problem.  Did the docs say why this happened to you?  What was the cause?  I hope the best for you going forward.
If you can't lift anything over ten pounds then how are you gonna take a leak???!! Love your videos man!
can't lift over 10 lbs?  I guess you can't play a Les Paul. 😏 Glad you're doing OK!
10lbs? Lay off the Les Pauls there buddy. Glad you’re well 👍
Best of luck Rick  Ask Kenny Aaronoff about his lifestyle.
Glad you’re well! Did they repair the valve or replace it with an animal valve or mechanical valve? My wife had hers replaced.
If you don't mind me asking, how long were you on the ventilator for, Rick?
Can you analyze and teach Not guilty by George Harrison?
Hey Rick- I have Mitral Valve Prolapse. Now I wonder if I should have the same procedure (I'm mid 50s). Maybe I'll hit my Doc up again. Interesting story & update- hope your recovery goes well.
Retired Cardiac ICU RN here. I have to ask, where you not eligible for minimally invasive MVR? I know at least three surgeons in Atlanta that do it. Lateral approach. One has been doing it robotically for years. Less risk. Glad you're still above ground. I'm sure you were a dream patient for the staff.
I can see Rick enthusiastically doing the breakdown on the heartrate monitor. "It's beeping in F sharp, at 72 BPM. Cool song, a little monotonous, but that's definitely better than an off tempo bridge. Hey Doc! Does this song ever end? Oh no. Wait. Never mind!"
Rest up Rick. Now can you do a video on Metal lead guitar playing?
I am curious. Kinda like having you around.
What has been your typical exercise routine for the past several years? Just curious.
Direction of the channel!? You're a LEGEND! KEEP THT HEART ROLLIN
Congrats on the successful surgery! Did they replace a valve? What the tempo set at? 🤣stay strong and keep up the great work! Your insights and ability to communicate through your channel make our music world better. 💪🏻🎶
is this the valve job Robin Williams had?
Rick, have you been to the Rock n roll hall of fame? I live in Cleveland area and have yet to go. I am glad you came to Cleveland Clinic and had your surgery. They are top ranked for heart care. Glad you are doing well and looking forward to more music education Rick Beato style.
Really glad you are OK. To your question on direction for the channel, the almost involuntary passion and enthusiasm for the music as you break it down is what attracts me.  It is so real, which is so rare today.
Why did they wait If it was inevitable? You were stronger 5 years ago, the outcome is more likely to be successful then. The bill payer wants to save money by deferring treatment as long as possible. Letting people to become sicker before treatment.
Rick, just out of curiosity, are you feeling better now than you have in years?..like you didnt notice it slowing you down until it was corrected??
I had my aortic valve repaired twice but may need a replacement valve soon. Did you have a mitral valve repair or was it replaced with a prosthetic valve?
How much fun is it getting in and out of bed?  That was the worst part for me. Trying to sleep wasn't easy either.
How do you play a Les Paul with a 10# weight limit?
Open heart surgery??? Dude!  So glad you're doing so well!  You rock.  Thank goodness your back.
Okay, call me not curious🤣🤣... jk, take 'er easy man and glad to hear it went well!  btw, how do you know what's over 10 lbs? 🤣
Can you help me move this weekend?
Just curious why you went to Cleveland instead of in Atlanta? Did your local cardiologist not recommend anyone in Atlanta?
I always notice the music the staff is listening to as they put your out in the operating room. Did you notice? Or did you have any special music requests?
Any near death experiences??
you should do a guitar storytime where you tell the story behind some of your guitars
Now that you have been given a second chance, did you find Yah?
I miss What Makes This Song Great?!
Is this the hangout place for heart surgery veterans? I had my first AVR about 15 years back and am currently celebrating the anniversary of my second. Here's cheers to all you weak hearted music nerds.
video idea, how about "amazing bands from other countries that werent successful in the u.s.a."?
I pray for your health! 🙏🏻 Can you recommend any teachers for Presonus Studio One Professional?
Mr Beato! Since a New Leaf after surgery, how about an Interview with PHIL KEAGGY?
Good to see your still you, hope your recovery is a swift and short one. Can you do a video on famous song(s) that have similar interval chord changes in different keys but evoke different feelings because of there tempos? Im pretty sure tempo mixed with certain chord intervals can make or break a song, again it depends on what algorithms are trending at the time but would be interesting to see if there is some kinda hack to writing a popular song....or could be the artists raw skill to convey a message to the listener, ok im babbling now😁
Does anybody know if this was open-heart surgery or a TVR  procedure where they do NOT  open the chest?  Just curious. 🙏🏼
10 lbs? Better weigh any Les Pauls before you pick them up…😂
Thankful you are ok, Rick. Going to finally remember to subscribe. I'm really curious about why they couldn't do your surgery robotically- did they give you specifics?
Have you lost weight?
I would love to see you revist your "The Top .. intros/riffs/solos (etc.) Of all time and see if you would add, remove or move any of your choices
So... the next "What makes this song so great"? ....Sheer Heart Attack by Queen.
Glad to hear you're doing good, to answer your question personally I love seeing the interviews
Cleveland is about one hour west of me.  What museums did you visit?  Glad you're feeling better!!
First, I'm glad everything went well. As someone a few years older than you, I'm wondering if it was a specific symptom that lead you to be tested in the first place, or if it was discovered in a routine checkup?
Is your scar measured in fisherman  inches?
Hey, Rick. Did you watch the Hired Gun musical documentary? What did you think about it ?
If you're not supposed to lift over 10 pounds, I guess Les Pauls aren't your go to right now?  Stay well👍
You mean you can't play a Norlin era custom for another few weeks?~!  Good on you Rick, I'm glad you're recovering well.
"Have you tried turning it off and on again?" Rick did it and it was a success. Glad to hear that! 🙂
Glad your back on top Rick and feeling great. Not sure if this would work how about a Motown series Just a thought.
I miss the What makes the song great pieces.
did you get a pig valve?  My dad had the same surgery in 1976 and it took the better part of a year to get back to where you are today.
Now, are you sure none of your guitars weigh ten pounds? Double neck Gibson? Twelve string bass? 😄 Seriously, I'm praying  for your complete recovery, and more videos to come!
Glad all is well Rick, you asked, I'd love to see more WMTSG videos, in particular more modern stuff, Textures-Awake, Haken-Cockroach King, AIC-Drone, Soilwork-The Thrill, to name a few...and probably a hundred more great songs that others would list.
Can't lift over 10lbs? Be careful with any old Les Pauls you own 😉
Wait do u live in Cleveland?! Sorry not trying to be creepy
How is your mental health? I imagine it’s been an exhausting few weeks
For future interviews, use your presenting skills and consider a series whereby you talk with the writers of very famous songs and ask them where the idea for the song originated and its journey to the recording studio.
RICK!!!.... HAVE YOU EVER DONE A VIDEO FEATURING 10CC AND DISCUSS THE INSANELY BEAUTIFUL SONG FROM THE 70S, "I'M NOT IN LOVE"   PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO!!!  HUGE FAN! THANK YOU 🤜🤛
Is your heart now beating in 4/4 time or 3/4 time? ;-)    Be well, Mr. Beato. Your channel does indeed inform music lovers how to better appreciate what goes into making great music.
So with your wonderful american health system did you have to sell your house to pay the bill?
How he heck does your sternum not hurt? I fractured mine once and it was excruciating for months. Get well.
Did you get a biologic heart valve or a mechanical heart valve replacement. Just curious. Hope you have a safe and healthy recovery.
Out of curiosity: did you ever consider mini invasive cardio surgery for this kind of operation? I know there are some clinics in the US that do this kind of thing.
As Clevlander, I need to know; did you say, "Hello Cleveland!" when you got here?
G’Day Rick, what makes this channel great ? Is you Rick. I’d like to see more what makes this song great videos. Your insights into music production, instruments , sounds and vocals is why many of us music lovers watch your channel. All the best moving forward Brother.
I'm happy that everything went well. I love all your videos, but "What makes this song great?" are my favorites.
Every year?! Try every month
I think you should do more episodes of "What makes this song great"
Curious if your sense of pitch has changed since your surgery - some others who had perfect pitch reported changes.   I know you are more great relative pitch but just curious if you noted any changes.
Rick have you ever thought of co hosting say for example with Stewart Copeland / Danny Carey on drum topics, Steve Lukather or Malmsreen  on guitars etc ? Just a thought about more content with input from industry professionals actually participating not just anecdotally but practically from their skills base/s ?seems obvious as they give a little bit I’m thinking content like say your circle of fifths video as an example more in depth as such not just historical anecdotal and a bit of a play to demonstrate singular pieces . May seem obvious but a drum lesson from Danny Carey or say a quick Bass lesson with Les Claypool????  Maybe even a a Viola lesson from Mary Spender ????
Did you make sure the doctors didn’t leave anything inside your chest it’s quite rare but can be dangerous if left unchecked
Rick, are you sure it wasn't that last Spotify Top 10 you had to listen to that maybe brought this on?  😆 lol.  Get well soon!
So glad you’re feeling better. You have a lot of interviews and “What makes this song great?” videos left in you.
Welcome back. Glad it all went well. As for a suggestion, what abot more features on vocalists, best vocal groups and the like.
So glad to hear everything came out great for you Rick. BTW... have you lost weight recently?! You look thinner to  me...?
Did you bias the new EL34 valve, joking…I had similar symptoms, general malaise….next thing heart attack…emergency surgery…it works…started to appreciate more music and life.
Great to know you're back., Rick  Let's keep ahead. What about some reviews on Brazilian Music for future plans? I know you like good music.  We have good stuff around here
I was curious! Thank you for sharing!
I'm happy you are doing well!  As far as content for your channel going forward, I'd love to see more "What Makes This Song Great?" videos.  Thank you so much, Rick!, for all that you do!!
After the surgery you can play the guitar? will that work for me? 😊
Glad you're doing well. Curious if you considered having the surgery in Atlanta?
Take good care of yourself Rick  I want to see you online for many years :) For Ideas, how about north of the boarder grunge era, The tea party song break down?   :)
Whoa you’re making videos already?  Easy does it man!
Rick, what is your health insurance company?
Your gonna start a heart surgery channel now? 😅😅😅 Blessings and keep getting well!!!
Much love Rick to you and your team! Do you have any supplement or health tips you can pass on?
Did your cardiologist use any AI to determine anything?
Get well soon! We'll call this episode: What makes this heart beat great.
I’m glad you’re feeling better.  Did you have any dreams during or after the surgery that were unique and or surreal? 3:26
Rick, glad you’re doing well. Good blood flow in heart is truly life changing. Not my business, but was it a repair or replacement? My mother in law had the mechanical valve replacement; in a very quiet room you could hear the click. Modern medicine is certainly amazing. Get your rest.
If you can't lift over ten pounds, how are you going to go to the bathroom?
Since you’re asking, we need a Pneuma breakdown.
Omygosh, Rick! You had heart surgery a week ago? You're looking and sounding good. Take care of yourself; follow the lift instructions.  Play every day, and walk when you can. Good luck and good health to you.
Glad it went well.  And you're somewhat lucky. Don't they just do a simple mitral clip for mitral valve repair?  I have leakage, but the aortic valve....no quick surgery for that one...😔
So glad to hear everything is okay Rick! Did this episode scare your kids? Sometimes it can be a shock for the younger members of the family to for the first time become aware of a parents' mortality. I hope you have a long, healthy and prosperous life ahead!
Thank you Rick for sharing!  I have one question,  what was the first song you played when you picked up your guitar after the surgery?
I would be curious as the days weeks, months go on, how that ‘incident’ changes you and your new perspective’s on life… if any? But I’m going to guess you will notice something.
The long form interviews are awesome. Often you ask things the normal music media doesn’t ask. Keep them coming. Praying for rest and healing for you
10 LB?  Weigh that Les Paul just to be safe.  =D
I wasn't curious, but now I am.
Did they put a mitral clip in?
Hey Rick, what did you think when they took the breathing tube out! LOL I thought that was the worst part of open heart surgery.
Was any AI used during this procedure?
hmmmm... am scanning his guitar rack, eyeballing for <10 lb models.
So your doc told you that you couldn't play a Les Paul for 5 weeks?  Best wishes.   GWS.
Glad you are doing well!  As to video ideas, how about taking a musical concept and showing examples of songs that do that, whatever it is?
Ahhh stop Rick! You know your heart stopped when you heard me increase my chops, or was it the wrong notes?? Hmmmm
Great!! Congratulations!! No vest? I got an artificial heart valve seven years ago, and I had to wear a thorax vest for six weeks to keep my chest together. They said it was very important.  Take care!!
What in hell does this have to do with music??
How about s9me analysis of instrument usage and tech changes over the decades....B3s of the 60s, rhodes of the 70s, dx7 and 808 in the 80s, along with guitar and Amp choices leading into the tech of today!
What about a video series on what makes this equipment/instrument great???
Wishing you continued good health! To answer your question, I vote for more interviews. You're really good at getting interesting stories from interesting people.
You were in Cleveland?? I'm from this area in Aurora,Ohio....Did you visit the Rock Hall???...Next time you come up, let's have lunch! I have a lot of stories of the rock scene in Cleveland during the 60's & 70's....
Under the U.S. health system??? Must have cost a bomb.
Glad your alright rick! Have you ever invited ray davies by to have a chat. He may not be doing much these days, but that would be neat for him to drop by to strum a few tunes?
Did the doctor say how long until you can start shaking your fist and yelling at clouds again? Seriously though, I'm glad you're doing well and I hope your recovery goes smoothly. My father had an emergency quadruple bypass a few years ago. It's amazing what good surgeons can do!
Im curious if you will ever have Mark Knopfler on the channel? He seems like the type who if in the USA would be down to do it
Im curious if you will ever have Mark Knopfler on the channel? He seems like the type who if in the USA would be down to do it
Nothing over 10lbs?  No vintage Les Pauls Rick!!
Glad to see you are doing well Rick. Could you do some more vids on ear training? As an intermediate bass player there are tricky songs that are in different keys to what you’d expect and chord progressions that go in unexpected directions. Thanks.
Is it true that for the first few days of recovery, your heart was beating in 5/4?
Nothing over 10 lbs..... so no Les Paul's? Jk, hahaha, glad to hear you are okay.
Recover well! By the way, today was one year ago you was in Stockholm. I was the guy who asked if it was ok to use the thumb for a chord.
Doesn’t hurt? Awesome, I’d think getting your ribs cracked would hurt for a few weeks.
Bring back, what makes this song great. That’s how I got into your channel.
They getcha switched over to ball bearings?  Everything's switching over to ball beatings these days. I hope you have a speedy recovery good sir
Did they replace the valve with a mechanical or like a pig valve?  My son has aortic valve stenosis and head a balloon procedure nearly 10 years ago and he has minimal leakage, so no replacement is necessary yet.  We just go back every year....we go back this Friday.  He's 19.
Notice how the camera suspiciously avoids showing his feet? Is this the real Rick Beato, or an imposter? 🤣 Best wishes Rick (...or is it Mick?)
What's next?  How about this:  How about finding one or two super talented, COMPLETELY UNKNOWN bands who are making innovative and interesting original music, interviewing them, working with them to cut a couple songs in your studio, and  document the whole thing?  That might be super interesting.  Moving from the super famous to the undiscovered.  Opposite end of the spectrum.
Get Well! What Museums? See anything good?
The doctor says not to lift more than 10lbs, so how are you supposed to pee?
Did they give you a video of your op? 😊
THEY TURNED YOU OFF AND YOU DIDN'T GET A HENDRIX INTERVIEW??????
Just wondering did you bring a play list for them?  If I am coming out of this you need to avoid anything with AutoTune.
Rick do you have an aortic bicuspid valve?
One of next topics? Do we have valid/confirmed scientific research(es) on how (which type of) music influences personal development? Then... Do personality  traits (and which ones) make person gravitate to this, or that type of music? About how social environment influences musical taste we hear you lament often enough. ;)
Do you have to take blood thinners now? Godspeed, my friend.
So what finally made your cardiologist quit stalling and schedule you for corrective surgery? Asking for a friend.
Congrats. I'm curious if there was any bypass done too?  There is quite a gamut of results, with open heart surgery. I'm happy for you, as it seems likely you're in the least discomfort group. Cheers.
No lifting over 10 pounds? ... I'm sure you can manage for a while without a Les Paul.  Glad you're on the mend, Rick. Take it easy <3
Great to see you doing so well!  Did your Cardiologist refer you to Cleveland Clinic?
Hey Rick!  What did you think of Cleveland while you were in town?  Which museums did you go to?  Catch any of our local music scene? Glad you doing better.
You are not going into several weeks of rehab clinic?
So you can't lift a Les Paul for a while?
"What makes this song great for recovery and renewal"?  I suggest Hello Hooray, Alice Cooper.  But that's just the first one that came to mind.  Glad to hear your surgery went well!
Could you do a breakdown of “that voice again” by Peter Gabriel?? ❤glad you’re doing okay
Direction of the channel? Do whatever you're most passionate about at the time you're making the video..
what makes the song great suggestion...dead kennedys - holiday in cambodia...you could prolly contact east bay ray to talk about this song...hes a down to earth guy and not snooty
I love your music breakdowns Rick and I'm soooooo happy for you (and for us too!) that you're back and healthy and looking great (I'm 61 btw).  If you haven't done any Pink Floyd music breakdowns could you do some of theirs please? :)
Very best wishes to you, Rick. Is the Cleveland Clinic where Dr Mark Hyman works? He's amazing!
Hello Rick. Glad that the surgery went well and that you are on the road to recovery. Now then, I have a song or songs request for you. Have you ever looked into the Cardigans? I would love to hear your take on the music. It is absolutely outstanding.
Nothing over 10 pounds, so no old Les Pauls? 😅 All the best ❤
Rick, have you ever thought about doing breakdowns of the most powerful movie music ever written? Why its so good, why it so matches the mood of the movie, how it carries the movie along etc. etc.
They cracked your chest? Why no robots?
“What makes this song great?” Please do more of these videos.
Did fixing your valve improve your tone?
what makes song great, 'new religion' or 'the chauffeur' by duran duran. I love the song break downs 😏
What makes these song great? Heart of gold, Straight from the heart, Total eclipse of the heart, Hungry heart, You're in my heart...lol But seriously, glad your doing well Rick!
I was curious and praying also very glad your surgery was successful.  But, I am also curious as to how your awareness might suddenly be more expansive.  I've been put under three times and each time my awareness is heightened
Glad you're doing well, Rick! You asked, so I'd like more What Makes This Song Great vids where you analyze the original source tracks. Hearing you pull up all the background tracks in More Than A Feeling was one of my favorites. 🙂
About channel directions, composition lessons? Maybe you can write something for classical guitar? Id love to get my hands on a rick beato original
Glad your doing well Rick. Best wishes!  For future videos I would like to know why music is now apolitical and doesn't even talk about current events anymore.
Would love more “what makes this song great” vids! Glad you’re back and healthy! We need you ❤
Rick, do you know what minor surgery is?  Surgery on someone else.  Glad it went well for you.
Why exactly he could not do it robotically?
How TF are you even posting a video within days from having heart surgery!?! Take a day off Rick 😂 take care and rest❤️🙏
Really really glad you're ok, man  More song breakdowns! How about song breakdowns (using stems I mean) with guests? Either the artists themselves or with fans who wanna geek about their favourite songs?
Great to see that Rick is up and about after his surgery.  Heart shit is really scary, and I’m relieved like everyone to see it has gone so well.  Does anyone know if a heart which isn’t working so well would show up in some way on blood tests?  Heart disease is everywhere on all sides in my family, and I was diagnosed with CFS/ME a few years ago.  Part of me worries that my fatigue is actually heart related - because it’s got nearly every other guy in the family - and I’ve just been given this umbrella diagnosis because they’ve not done the right tests.  My aims are simple and realistic, I want to see my daughter graduate university, which is a good way off yet.
You weren't able to go to Piedmont?  Glad you're well!
I am just wondering about those dislikes, "what's your problem?" Does he owe you money since years or something? 😂
But??? Please - get well!!! 💙💙💙
You look wonderful!!  So glad.  I just posted your news on my FB page.  I like your interviews more than song breakdowns, since you asked.  Keep on keepin' on!  We need you and love you.
"What makes this video great?" Rick is back and feeling good!
Rick, did they have to quantize your heartbeat?
I'm your age as well and really like reflection and reassessments.  Going forward idea.. Lets continue with that theme and ask why do so many that should hang it up fail to do it.  And what are more appropriate formats to continue sharing their artistry ?   We see all the cancelled tours and I for one don't go any more.
Rick, ask yourself: what have I not made a video on that should never be forgotten?
New series: 'Heartstopping moments on stage'?
Can’t lift anything heavier than 10 pounds? Guess you won’t be grabbing any Les Pauls for a while…😂 Speedy recovery to you Rick!
How was the R&R HOF?
Didn't Mick Jagger have  a similar op? I heard his only symptom, was a lack of satisfaction.
Did you need to lose any weight to have the surgery?
An electric guitar weighs more than 10 pounds, doesn't it? 😰
10 lbs? No Les Pauls, then. ;-) Glad you're doing well!
You're self employed.  What's your insurance like?
Can we get a cardiologist interview? 😂
How old is he? The white hair confuses me
