When are these guys funny
Do capriottis vs jersey Mikes I think it’ll be closer
Do Food Feuds: Circle K vs 7-Eleven!!
No steak and cheese?!
I don’t know if y’all have already done this but it would have been a better matched if y’all did Jersey Mike’s vs Quiznos? Are there enough comparable menu items to compare?
Why do you guys eat across each other   rather than pulling the sandwich in front of you so you each have he contestants in front of you. That way your not eating over your buddies food
Have you ever been to The Grinder in Pasadena?
Did he really start the business?  Or did his dad, by giving him $25,000?
Where did Rhett find that shirt? Someone pls help
Didn’t they already do this?
Does anyone know where Rhett’s shirt is from???
why is everyone so mad
Conspiracy theory: Rhett and Link are not friends anymore. They're still together for the kids (us)
Idea:  Make a naked foods but you have to guess which one was made by the mythical kitchen
How is this even a question jersey mikes allday everyday
Have yall never eaten a hoagie before? You are eating the sandwich sideways.  I swear link is legit one of the least intelligent and non funny person on here.  Dude just acts like a female and thinks like 1 too
I wonder if they actually know how shady and actually bad Better Help actually is.
Why didn't they do this against firehouse since jj already lost to them?
Yeah, but does Jersey Mike's deliver? That's a big part of why I go with Jimmy's.
Where is Rhett's shirt available?
Didn’t they already do this?
Where do I get that shirt Rhett? Love it
Why are you guys still pushing Better Help?
When do you guys try to all PRIME flavours?
WHERE did rhett get his shirt in this video??? it looks so cool! i gotta find one for my boyfriend 😊
Was this a april fools episode
Haven't you already done this one?
How are y’all still supporting better help? There are so many videos proving their shady practices and problematic service y’all should know better by now
Do Jersey Mike's vs. Pen Station
This needed to be blind. If you are going to score based on how it looks and be impartial already to Jersey Mikes by having your favorite already, is it really a fair comparison? The last sandwhich Link rated is based on look alone. 🙄
Uh I thought link wasn't allowed to play with knives
Where does Banh mi rate in this scale? Did it not rank because there's no franchise chains around?
What about subway
Why are you supporting better help?
Am I the only that remembers when anything spicey would cause them to hiccup?
So, I am a mytgical beast from outside the US and today all the GMM videos are in Portuguese, including the ones I have already watched in English. Is anybody experiencing that? How do I fix it? The other English -spoken videos from the other channels I am subscribed to are still in English.
Have they ever done Jerseys Mike vs Subway?
Who else wants to see erberts and gerberts vs potbelly sandwiches?
Winner vs subway?
How about gut check cheese edition
why is link holdin a knife?!! O.O
I dont know how good of a idea this is but i would love to see “Does brand cologne smell better than non brand cologne”
Link, Sir you just take two smaller bites side by side, not one giant bite in the middle.
Please do an allergy alternative taste test. Like for peanut allergies there’s almond butter, sunflower butter etc and see what is the best alternative
Why do Americans need to say tuna “fish”? Is there another kind of tuna? They wouldn’t say “chicken bird”
Where is Links rating cheat board?
They like Italian sandwiches but don’t know what capicola is?
Can we not promote better help? They dont even give you licensed therapists its just random people.
They gotra be sick of doing nothing but food videos by now right?
Why bother doing episodes where you know the outcome before you even start?
Has anybody noticed some tension between rhett and link lately? Its like watching your parents fight, i dont like ittt
@14:10 Has lInk EVER been this passionate about anything?????????
Anybody gonna tell them about better help?
Was the point of this episode just to dunk on JJ? Maybe it just isn't great in LA? But I feel like they were overreacting on both ends.
The amount of Better Help advertising/sponsoring sure is suspect
Do an episode of blind taste tests, vs not blind. Same foods, a week apart to see how the scores change.
wait when did they make a "be your mythical best" as a t-shirt???
How many interns have to read comments about how bad better help is before Mythical stops advertising them?
Haven’t they done this exact episode before?
Have you guys done Taco Bell VS Del taco? I think doing Trader Joe's VS Aldi would be cool to see too!
So… did Link not like that last sandwich or was I miss reading the vibes
You guys should do a Fast Food tournament with your favorite items from each store. Does the chicken bacon ranch from JM score higher than the Popeyes spicy chicken?
So was Emily on vacation?
why am I always surprised that Link has tattoos? am I the only one?
Link if anything is consistent with how inconsistent his ratings are
Something being called, “totally tuna” would definitely have me questioning if it’s tuna or not
I know they are contractually obligated to promote Better Health but why is no one saying anything about it to them
What happened to subway?
im just confused why they're still working with better help with all their troubles and lawsuits 🤔
you have done it already, no??
link not wearing his bestie ring is all i can focus on idk why
Did you guys wake up today and just decide to make controversies???? I have never seen your comments so negative lol
Why did they even do this if they already knew they like jersey mikes better?
*Who keeps giving Link anything sharp or pointy?* It must be an intern who doesn't know any better.
Why we dont have these in Québec 😢..
What was the point of this episode?
ITS GERMAN FOR ME TF?!?!?!?!?!?
Why did the fact that a 17 year old had over $100,000 to buy the restaurant not throw them????
I am so proud of Link for listening to Rhett about the questions. Favorite part of the episode. ❤
Haven’t they done these before?
Jersey Mike plants, how much did they pay you!?!?!?! 😂
Does anybody else have the impending doom over the fact that they are going to be on summer break soon 😭😅
Potbelly vs Subway next????
Everytime yall use Better Hell-p as a sponser it makes me question supporting yall... please be ethical about the sponsors you take! Its important not to support companies that are hurtful and dangerous!!
Guess who’s getting Jersey Mikes today?
How could you not make a taco? 🤔
Anyone know some good stock picks? I picked Nvidia up, last year. Need some other great picks. Thanks!
Should be done as a blind taste test with the sandwiches / items put on plates
you gotta wonder who wakes up and immediately dislikes a good mythical morning video
No Dirk and Patty? Sad...
Who else thought Rhett's hair was gone in the thumbnail?
Why cant we change the quality of the videos lately???
Why do yall continue to work with better help after what they did
Do They reply?
Just had a crazy thought! What about pool, or billiards! Maybe bowling, the mythical way ❤
Wait….where is patty and her husband
Is this a food channel? We want movie/shows videos back. Or even conspiracy theories back, and new music ❤ with love
Who actually cares what (you two) think is better? Come up with some worth while content will ya?
hi i watch both daily 'sodes every day at work, except for friday. i watch at 4 am because no work on friday!  Will there be episodes on Monday's holiday?
Okay but can they try eegee’s??? is there even one in cali idk
Do they have Penn Stations in LA?
Am I crazy, or have they done this before?
I havent watched the whole video yet but wondering if theyll mention JJ's labor practices, their ceos hunting addiction or the e.coli outbreak 👀
what happened to dirk and patty?
Am I first? Good Mythical Morning!
