Matt, I watched this video after watching Peter Santenello  Inside the burn zone and one thing he covers is the houses that DID survive in the middle of the fires were STILL immensely damaged due to the SMOKE and FUMES (a lot of Electric cars lost in the fires). I had to watch this in 4 sessions ( littles running around) and my question to you is HOW DOES ONE PROTECT AGAINST THE FUMES THAT WILL STILL RUIN A HOME THROUGH THE VENTITLATION System. Can you address that?    https://youtu.be/GM1sUx96wbE?si=TFnxS8_g7uRKA4O4
Could you please go back to the part about vinyl window frames?
Embers? Were the size of Kingsford bickettes… Any surviving structure will need to be completely gutted to get burnt smell removed to $20,000/mo Westside tenant satisfaction. Everything “soft”: Drywall, ceilings, floors, HVAC, landscaping, pool & deck out/ADU buildings. Checked out an open house at a $75,000 clean up, it didn’t pass the sniff test. Doesn’t the “substantially equivalent” 110% trigger reassessment?
9:56 how did a 3ft concrete wall protect a 35ft house from heat?  .... its the not flammable house shell that prevented it from catching fire ( and no dry trees close to the house)
In your experience with having to deal with this unfortunate event.. have you in your own experience dealt with a difficult time when it comes to your home owners insurance? I keep seeing hows home owners who lost everything in the L.A fires recently, contacted there insurance companies only to find out theyre not covered and have to come out of pocket for everything. Has there been any change in that sense recèntly?
Where do you buy that 1/8. Inch mesh that you cover the vents with?
"Class A fire-rated asphalt shingles" (??) All asphalt shingles should be outlawed in bushfire zones. They are nasty and your burning house can threaten your neighbour's home. In Australia everyone builds with metal roofing or tiles.
Matt, you should do a video on eaves and soffits. Why do we need them and how can we build to eliminate them for fire proofing but still maintain a proper exterior seal of the house and not create a source for water to get into the walls.
Did they have blue roofs by any chance?
You keep on showing that square of something and calling it "this" for top of chimney or "rolls of this" around the base.....Would you please tell what that is?
Did those houses have smart meters or old style meters?  Smart meters have lithium and burns hotter.
Why is it that the US, one of the most well developed nations in the World, still decides to build their homes from wood vs brick or cement like the Europeans and most of the World in the 21st century.
so much speculation here. can't you just get the actual specs on what materials were used ?
Hey Matt! Enjoy your content! I know you have done videos on Rammed Earth. Could you do one on Compressed Earth Blocks (CBE)? I would love to hear your thoughts!
Building science question related to fires; with the addition of battery storage in the garage, is a battery fire a higher temperature than what sheet rock was tested for and more layers are needed to provide the same minutes?  Related to that, if batteries get moved inside behind a fridge like Biolote’s new product, is additional layers needed for fire protection with sheet rock?
Does brick siding help or does it turn the whole thing into an oven?
Matt, I have a question I can't find the answer to. We have a whole house fan in socal. Would it be beneficial to turn the hose fan on if under a fire threat or is it detrimental to run the fan?
Can you do a video on the huge lithium battery fire that happened last week in moss landing california? It was the world's biggest largest lithium battery storage facility and people are being exposed to toxic chemicals. Zero national news coverage that I know of
I dont understand why homes ned to be built using wood in the USA? is it banned to use cement and bricks to build?
Was it a fire storm or was it external to the  fires
That wood look siding might be Nichiha. It's fiber cement that provides its own rainscreen.
Is there a possibility the fire was caused and started by Hamas and Hezbollah operatives and their Iranian masters ?
I'm from the UK - why are these houses just burnt to a pile of ash - lucky to see the outline of a car and chimney stack.  No to little structure or shell?  The sample burn -  the wind did seem to blow right to left ?
The fire is rather strange...it burns selectively...is this heavenly judgement?
why this home, not many wooden exposed parts? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CceM_JljwqQ
Wood has tendency to crack and deteriorate over time, even if the structure is fire rated, the rating is done as a new. Is it the same after 30 years? No it's not, wood has likely cracked and become porous in sun's UV light. Even with good maintenance and new paint wood will deteriorate which make it more flammable.   I think that one house was partly saved by being new.
How did the windows not explode on the 6-month old house, with a van on fire so close to it?
I fail to understand why in disaster prone areas still build homes with wood as their major building material. Whatever happened to good old concrete/brick homes.
People in LA may have to consider building homes UnderGround. What do you think ???
Wow - what an educational uplift.  Would you be willing to go deeper on fire prevention building, and maybe even more tips and knowledge in this realm?  I love what you're doing and how kind respectful and honoring you are to all the people involved in every aspect of your focus.
I was wondering about brick. Problem with California is homes need to be protected from fires AND earthquakes
So the three little pigs story holds no lessons for American builders? oh, I'll watch your tale ...
I wonder why local building codes don’t allow or encourage designs that are fire resistant or fireproof. I suspect home builders are opposed to alternative construction methods and materials. I also wonder if homeowners deliberately avoided construction designs that reduced fire risk because of aesthetics.
While their house stands (congratulations,  well done) I bet the interior smells like a 50 year old smokehouse. They stilll have issues to deal with. Plus I wonder how much did their "premium" fire resistant materials cost. Having survived a fire, are any of those materials or windows compromised going forward and require replacement now? Honest questions.
What is the fire resistant underlayment?
Do a tour on Gavin Newsom new 9 million house.Ask why there is a BLUE LASER PROOF ROOF.
Western NC, Eastern Tennessee. How can you build them safe houses?
Have you mentioned anything about earthquake codes? California homes have to be built to a stand earthquakes, which are far more common than wildfires. I don’t think concrete would fare well in an earthquake. Thank you for the excellent video.
Great video. Are you aware of any companies specializing in “wildfire roof irrigation systems”? I could only find one called Frontline Wildfire Defence.
Amazing the homes survived.  But, how much more did all these cost?  Probably unaffordable to the average American.
Don't build your house out of paper if you expect it to last?
My guess is the wood at the front of house is actually cement siding that’s made to look like real wood. Excellent choice for fire risks & lower maintenance.
Here in Australia we have some pretty serious fires. Every time we have a major fire, there are houses that show up unscathed. The common factor is sprinkler systems. Is this a thing in the US and were any tested out in the LA fires?
I thought Tom moved after we elected President Trump?
Why do american homes burn so easily? What use are the fire regulations?
I think any area prone to fires should probably have stone patios instead of wooden decks.
Could Concrete or stone Built houses withstand Earthquakes ? Are  Wood built houses better in Earthquakes ?
Why do Americans build houses with wood and not concrete and metal roofing like we do here in the Philippines?
If the allum wheel melted why didn’t the window and door frame melt?
Why do you build with woods in the US? Countries you call third world build with concrete.
Can I also get a Tom Hanks home? How does one get a Tom Hanks home? Shouldn't it be Tom Hanks' home? Americans sure as hell love to use apostrophes when pluralizing (they shouldn't) but seem to want to skimp on them when they would be required.
Hmmm stick built, vinyl windows, palm trees, tar paper roofs.... what could possibly go wrong 🤔
What kind of paint to use on outside of the house.   Metal siding should not burn.
The demo structures didn't have lasers trained on them...the defensible structure is of course a good idea but....also why 80-100 mph Santa Ana's in Winter?  Don't gaslight us.
I just have one question for those criticising those in California for living in a house made of wood...  Would you want to live in a house constructed out of ANYTHING else,  if you had to sleep in it during a 5. plus earthquake?  😂 yeah...  Suddenly concrete makes a little less sense,  maybe?  The occasional earthquake is all we need to be concerned for in California.  This obviously was an engeneered and planned event.
how about lawn paint using chemical : carbon black high inflamable?
Recently I watched a Mike Holms episode where they sprayed 'fire resistant paint' on the exposed wood in the basement. Any thoughts on that?
If it were the year 2040 with all electric vehicles , would this fire been worse with all the batteries ?
If we have vinyl windows, which I think everyone moved to, what's an easy fire safe replacement?
Has anyone looked into the Smart meters or smart products?
I’m wondering if the side of the house that looks like wood is actually on the north side of the house rather than the east side of the house. Santa Ana winds were coming from the east so not having flammable materials on that side would have been crucial to preventing the house from burning. I feel that people who live in flammable areas such as mine, which is the Pacific Northwest, don’t take that into consideration when they build their houses. They just throw up a house. They don’t think about where the prevailing winds come from they just try to build a house so that it looks nice. There’s so many ways to do both but use  trees in certain areas to keep your house cool but keep it away from the defensible zone, etc. The same is true I think for California down there. There will always be Santa Ana winds, and unless we can figure out some sort of giant mist producing pumps that are at the base of the mountains to keep embers from burning while the winds blow, I think most of those houses need to be rebuilt just like this guy did. You can make the inside of the house look anything like you want however, the outside should be non-combustible as best they can. I would think that insurance companies would be all for that because they never again have to spend billions of dollars to replace houses.
WTF, having the "gas meter" in the front of the yard, next to the street?
i'm surprised those millions of dollars buildings on fire  are not made of concrete? in my country, Indonesia, most buildings in the city made of concrete so when  fire hit it doesnt burn down the building to ashes.
If they come with idea of automated retractable fire resistant fence to  cover the entire house from natural disaster ( fire and winds/hurricane).
At 7:36 you show the 6-month-old house next to the burned out house and car.  What about the white garage structure behind the burned-out house?
What kind of build can withstand DEWs?  Some say blue roofs?
which lake is that
What was the potential upfront preparation time? Was there enough time, to run with a weed-whacker through the yard and swoop everything towards the fence? I guess 5 hours are needed🤔
Why is there so many trees still standing around total lost..!!?? 🤔
Possibly California obsession with building energy efficiency standards should include increasing fire resistant designs.
Why can’t we have a sprinkler fire suppression system for the outside walls of a house?  Like a ceiling system except on the outter walls of a home.
These are all very valid and sensible advice. But how do they become law???  Many advise from here are so obviously to be in place/installed to prevent further damage at the next fire. Experts havd to have a look at it and then it must be mandatory for each building because you are not alone. Your damage can inflame the next houses.
doesn't explain why the white structure beside it looks like wood didnt burn and green trees
While some homes survived the fires, it begs the question would you still want to live there? For the next several years you will have construction noise, contaminated soil, contaminated air, blocked roads, possibly no electricity, water or sewage, no garbage collection and god knows what else. The only good thing is your personal possessions might be saved but much will have to be thrown away.
The wood looking siding could be the concrete siding that looks like wood. I saw a video on youtube where a family used this type siding. Looks real but totally concrete.
I have a question.  Bomb survival shelter.  I think that in such a rich area, there must be bomb shelter.  I wonder how these installations fared from such a fire rage. It's quite the scenario if a NBC attack would caused. If so. There might be build mistakes in bomb shelters as well as the furnishings and fittings.
Why the plants do not look like burned in front the house as well? But the trees on the right and left side showed burned?
Do you not have embermesh in US? Asking from Australia.  Not sure how much brick will help if roof and window isn't secure against ember attack, double brick construction is standard in perth and those homes still get reduced to rubble. Leaf matter in gutters ignite and get into the roof and the heat and collapsing roof structure degrades the mortar and whole thing comes down. Gas cylinders and inverters on rooftops (rooftop solar panels) also are very explody, everytime i hear a boom in a fire here i feel sick knowing someones house has just gone up. (We live in 'catastrophic' fire zone and had a few bushfires reasonably close).
Interresting it seems you dont have fire retardent rules for buildings as a hole and for the use of materials every time something is changed at a house?
Was foam insulation a big contributor to the houses being more flammable?
Can they live there though with the environment around it right now? Desert scaping also cause heat island, if planting on the roof provides fire protection lawn should too.
Great Video.  What is that screen type material to protect from embers entering soffits?
I’ve heard mention of densified wood as a potential way of reducing the risk, but not being a professional in the field, I’d be curious whether it could really help?
build with brick and concrete like Europe? also great for hurricanes,.
Let me guess, the lasers were not programmed to hit those locations.
Guess the question is why has it taken so long for Americans to have this conversation! Thought they would gave learnt for our experiences in Australia!
That could be cement wall siding, with a wood grain form and coloring to make it look like wood.
Wonder if the homes that were not damaged have utilities now, and how is the smell around there?
Nichiha panels in the front?
75? Latest number was 25 people confirmed dead.
What's the Australian company that makes the mesh? I don't think you mentioned the name or provided a link.
What is the definition of insanity.. to make the same mistake over and over again without learning.
10:00 did you not listen to the video you played? Thats not wood. He explained what the house was made of and you didn't listen
I think those screens would clog a lot. That is a problem as well, right?
is not super cold in LA concrete would make more sense
Wouldn’t tempered glass windows be bad if a fire started inside the house? How would a firefighter break it if he had to rescue people inside
All this info is great but could somebody explain to me why all the trees around the burnt down houses are still standing and practically untouched?  Could somebody also explain why the houses burnt from the inside out? Honestly all this devastation that's shown and all the trees are fine! The fire was caused by DEW's. Paint your roofs blue like some did in Maui and remained untouched. DEW's don't affect the colour blue
each house that has a pool ... could have house sprinkles  attached for emergencies?
It beggars belief that folks in a forest and fire zone habitually build in wood. Presumable it’s a tradition that goes back to the early settlers?
May i ask if how strong are the wood houses in LA... because of limited water to distinguish the fire the house woods are burning in many days
Great video but did you really have to bring religion into it?
The habit, if it's truly not good, why not just abandon it? Wooden structures are clearly more fragile than any other building material, regardless of the reason.
Question is how much you actually gain from having the last House standing. You don't have any neighborhood left for years.
Thank you! Can you link that sheet protector to keep the ambers away? Or please share what it is. 🙏
Oh are they actually rebuilding now in Lahaina? 😮😮😮😮
75?... I'm seeing 24 are we talking about the same fire ... Lol
Since I can remember, I wonder why people in the U.S. kept building their homes out of good and carton-like materials, when their properties burn down to the ground, whereas en other countries we build with brick and cement, our home never burn down to the ground, and if there is fire in a home, the neighbouring homes will not catch fire.
I wanna know do you know the animals that were there didn’t burn up as well🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
Why are all the trees still there? Doesn't wood burn?
That wood look siding could be a Nichia product. Used that on my house in a remote wooded area in the Park City, Utah area.
The first question that came to my mind when I first heard that only two houses survived the fire: Did they have the Divine Mercy picture in their house and have strong faith in Jesus?
here in brazil we ask ourselves why tf do americans build houses "made of paper". we genuinely cannot understand why americans don't have brick walls. that's standard for anyone here who's above the poverty line and has the tiniest bit of financial literacy - something that's durable will cost a lot less in the long run than something that could go down so easily. also, no space between the walls, so no way for someone to hide there, and he don't usually build attics or basements because it's not the 1900s anymore and attics aren't that useful.
It's great for future proofing. However, I can't help but feel it's a "who's gonna get the new contract to rebuild the area" game.
Polyiso, spray foam….   I’m not really sure how to word this but clearly a continuous would melt away beneath a Hardy cladding….  Is there anything on what a spray foam insulated cavity…. What’s the effect of the fire on that?
If you can get insurance that area had much of their insurance cancelled.
Hi, Are  you ignoring the trees in the very rear that are not burned, still green? I know we have a focus and often miss things. Thank you for this tutorial, it helps with any future disaster like this.
Can any of you spell arson?   I knew that you could.
Just a guess, not wood. One would think calif. would have it figured out already. Everything rises and falls on leadership.
I wanna know how to build a great home in arizona , fire proof but just perfect strong 1000 year home
Painted wood fence vs unpainted.?
Can such house plans exist and not only be affordable but FREE?
I wonder the smoke damage? Maybe has to be demolished anyways? How is the insurance going to react?
What about the 4 homes built out of "fireproof" materials that turned into piles of ash? The fires are not natural, and those 2 houses were spared. It has nothing to do with the building materials.
I would be curious to know  the % of housing that was roofed with your sarking overlaid with bitumen/ asphalt tiles.
So, in that case, how come the trees behind Tom’s house wasn’t burnt?  I think wind played the bigger role in this factor.
Is LA still on fire
I wonder what was the internal temperature of Greg’s house.
Any thoughts on rain screen assembly’s and their impact on fire resiliency? Seems like it might invite the fire to spread into the wall.
What happens to the land that the destroyed houses were on? Do the homeowners have to sell the land or can they keep it to rebuild or sell it to recoop some of their money?
Why do you make wooden rooftops in windy, hot, wildfire-prone California? This is 101 The Three Little Pigs tale.
That is not wood siding on the front of that house - why would someone building a fire-resistant house use wood siding?  This is a concrete siding product designed to look like wood.
As an Italian, the question is: how can Americans spend millions dollars buying wooden houses? It's insane! It's heartbreaking seeing that apocalipse. Praying for all the people and animals there😢
On the second house, maybe they used that fire retarding wood stain?
What about building some very huge tower's like the mobile network ones. Attached whit a sprinkler system that creating a rainy over high risk areas
How do you know if he prayed in Jesus name over the house or not? Hu Hu
Non-wildfire zone is subjective because any area with woodlands or forested hills, when you have a drought for more than a month, places like North NJ and PA along NY had their first ever fires. All building should be designed for mother nature's forces.
Concrete homes: what about the earthquakes California experiences?
DID they have smart meters in their homes !!!!!
The wood look siding on the front of the house may be what we used on our rebuild after the Paradise fire. It's a factory pre-stained cement board lap siding that looks just like wood & is approved for fire prone areas.
What was that stuff you held up about under decking material???? Need that...
Could there be paid private firefighters protecting those two houses?
So who is going to rebuild L.A. when a huge number of the construction workers are migrant workers whom Trump is going to deport?
Do you think building regs will change to not allow timber framed homes in LA?
How did the tree survive ...over hanging a house that burned?
What about Divine intervention.?
Man that's a home?! It looks like a hotel!
What about highly flammable AC in the attics? Why not to use normal  ductless mini splits for zoning and cleaner air.? SOS
A while ago I read that Spielberg’s house is next to Hanks. If still, I wonder what happened to his house? Hope he’s fine too.
In 1930s after Signal Hill earthquake construction standards in California changed.  And with every quake since they get updated.  Why can't we, California, do the same with homes construction and fire???  Change the codes now.  Keep your thoughts and prayers.
These  designs are exactly  how average Indian homes  look like , why do people in drier regions build home with woods ?
Curious to know how these houses handle the earthquakes, too.
Why are the homes burned and not the trees staying next to the houses?
Were there any drones flying over LA in the last few weeks???
Did they never learn the 3 little pigs nursery rhyme
How is it legal to not have eve vents?  I thought those were required by building code!
Could it be their houses were built out of HEMP!!!
Fire wall, can it protect your house? .
are there building materials that will survive the DEW's?  (Direct Energy Weapons)
I believe the architect said the siding was stucco. Not sure about the front of the house.
How old is this? There not 75 deaths in these 2025 LA Fires. I just finished watching an local update . The death toll is 21, not 75.
Why are the houses burnt to ashes yet the bushes and trees seem to be untouched?
Nice engineering. The question is these upgrades will add how much to a rebuild relative to what burned down?
Great video. Just curious if these fires are hot enough to melt aluminum how are these trees still standing?
where is Batman? Where is Superman? Where is Spiderman?  Where is Captain America? Where is marvel? Where is Israeli the chosen people? Who will safe you???
How was fireproofing not already required in the pallisades??
Bet they weren't 6-.10 feet from their neighbors. All the new subdivisions now make houses super close together in California. That means it will go house to house in minutes.
Perhaps rebuilding California homes need to have wildfire assessment by Australian professional consultation. Adoption of a BAL standard.
only a few minutes into the video, but also looks like the homeowner has the utilities outside the perimeter too? if so, the smartmeter it out by the street....that lithium battery would not do well in the fire...
I noticed in many pictures the plastic trash bins look untouched, even in this picture. Are they treated with fire resistant material or something?
Why do something practical like that when you can colonise Mars where colon is the operative word. 🤪
The house at 8:00 is just wild. So well done. I guess fire isn't a problem for the gas meter in the front of the house? Looks like the home also had solar and that didn't appear to be a problem?
Noticed your not using an ad blocker @5:50, why?
Are roof sprinklers recommended? Perhaps remotely controlled by an app?
Maybe if the windows aren’t heat tempered, then perhaps y’all could use the flush aluminum storm shutters like what is used in the hurricane prone areas?
Tom hanks, we all know and love? Wasn’t he at Epstein island?
Is there a publicly traded company associated with the materials? I'd like to buy some of their stock.
Why don’t Americans make there houses out of poured reinforced concrete?
Did anyone see the Oprah show many years ago where 2 Native American teenagers discovered hay wrapped in Styrofoam does not burn? Why was that ignored? Appreciating  all of the helpful ideas. Bless you, Thank you.
What about the garage on the destroyed house at the back
Why were fire works allowed at N.Y in a potential tinder box?
Well  if the aluminum rims on the car melted, wouldn't aluminum framing on the windows also melt? Even if the y are not touched directly by flame, the air must get rather darned hot.
Matt Risinger, could 14 inch thick  Adobe walls with a lime plastered roof be more suitable for California?
I just wonder how much all of these great ideas cost and how ugly they are. Most of the people affected don’t have a lot of money. They bought their houses before housing skyrocketed. Many were canceled from insurance due to Californias insane regulations right before this fire. How will they be able to build the cheapest house let alone one with all the newest architecture? These innovations are great if you can make it so they can look as charming as the original houses, many were craftsmen, but new means very expensive. And unfortunately in my opinion ugly. Not everyone wants the modern boxy look. And the great increase in the price of housing in California was not due to  tangible things, but because of demand or the influx of people but when they try to rebuild those inflated prices will affect rebuilding. Maybe the building industry can work on that. If costs are out of reach no  amount of innovation will be possible. And tax payers are not a cash cow, they don’t have unlimited amounts of money to pay especially when the Cali government is such a complete waste!
Defensable space is really the open question.. home owners need green space and cannot have just concrete around a home..for obvious reasons..
Isn't PVC combustible if building a deck out of it?
What happens to insulation in the walls that are super heated from fire? Wouldn't that have to be replaced afterwards?
GAS METER IN THE FRONT OF THE CONCRETE WALL??
Why they don’t stop building houses from flammable materials? Why they don’t build them from brick and concrete, like the rest of the world.
Question? There has been a lot of talk about smart meters vs digital meters. What kind of meter did this house have?
The one house that had no eaves, what about venting of the house  upper areas ? Is this an issue ?
Why even bother risking building homes here again? That just seems ignorant to me.
Did we learn anything from recent Lahaina fire that killed 100?
Forgive my ignorance in asking this question as a foreigner why are American homes predominantly built out of wood? Are there material shortages or is brick and mortar just too expensive? My heart goes out to everyone affected by this horrendous event and to all those 1st responders and fire fighters 🙏🙏🙏
I'm curious why roof top sprinklers aren't a more common thing.  My husband and I were discussing ways to keep our solar panels clean because our roof is too high to reasonably climb to clean ourselves and we were thinking a simple sprinkler set up on the peak should be fairly cheap and fairly effective against dust (between professional cleanings) but would also add some fire protection.  The only real issue I see would be having strong enough water pressure to be effective once it gets up the house.
How do you fight 100 mile and hour winds. The fire department said that they need 3 trucks per house. When there are 4 or 5 houses burning then you have a fire storm. We California are a tuff breed.
Why do none of you seem to know about fireproof paint and fireproof shingles? Go see the videos you'll be amazed.
Why is the damage done in North Carolina totally forgotten?  So little attention at the time, still people homeless there, no one rushing to help them as temps drop.
Is that a gas meter in front of the house?!?!? 😬😬😬😬
How would the Box house faired?                                                                  just asking
Why is the garage still standing behind the house that burned? Another Hawaii fire?
I'm here to see if the best construction is the same as in Florida:  concrete block.    We need more insurance companies, more supply, more choice, more competition, lower prices. less regulation, lower barriers to entry.
Was there something "Dumb" not on them?
Maybe it's not aluminium melted from the car , but lead from the battery
11:30 sure that the house didn't resist fire because the firefighters defended it because they wanted to create a gap as the terrain on the left is empty? If you look at the house on the left it is pretty clear that the firefighters intervened
I wonder if the wood looking veneer on Greg's house was a fire resistant material stamped & colored to look like wood...
wanna tell us wtf monopoly framing is??????
Cool just have millions of dollars to buy a huge home with plenty of fire break thats not even an option in most affordable homes. Whats step 2? Become a millionaire?
How many folks there were renters? They might as well move.
I think a lot of the damage could have been mitigated if wildfires had been taken into account. Not just build houses to withstand them, but also the way the urban landscape is designed.  Those palm trees, for example... they are very typical of LA, you see them everywhere..  but one ember and the whole top turns into an ember generator at 40-60ft high, which then ignites everything downwind.. including the next palm tree...   I also wondering about all the trash cans... I'm assuming it was trash collection day, but some of the streets in videos had lots of trash cans blocking the streets with their contents all scattered and blowing around in the winds.. one ember would be enough to set fire to the car it got trapped under...
If your house survived, how do you protect it from the looters that are going crazy out there. They know even if they’re arrested if they’re illegal, they’ll be let loose within hours.
I've always wondered why americans build houses with such weak materials, yes its cheap and its beautiful, but also dangerous when it comes to natural disaters, hurricanes and wildfires always destroy houses there like they're made out of paper, contrary to EU and Africa, its really rare to see houses destroyed.
Why did the metal car burn and the house didn’t? Why did the trees not burn? They should have at least been scorched to the point of dying?  Having gravel or stone about the front lawn might stop a grass fire but I live where a forest fire jumped a river.  I also think originally grass lawns (which I hate)were instituted as a fire break around houses.
I do wonder if a house build with Triq Briq and plaster on the ouside would have survived that fire.
So a thin stucco wall (maybe a half inch thick)covering a styrofoam wall prevented a 1600 degree fire burning 15 feet away? Not possible.
What is the difference in per sqft construction cost to build a home to these standards???
If you build in an area that is prone to wild fires and has a " HISTORY OF FIRES" why build there? And " if" your dead set on it then spend the money to build an fire proof Military style BUNKER.
I don't get the mesh. I have a wooden fence on three sides of my house but a neighbor on the other side of each fence. So mesh both sides? I only have ridge vents. Not sure how to protect those.... Only asphalt around here too.
❤❤❤❤❤ Wondering about a whole house fire blankets and fire retardant paint? ❤❤❤❤❤
Concrete, tiles, bricks, so many materials you can use, you have to decide wether is better safety vs less time for construction and cheaper materials. I dont really get it, the expensive part in LA is the land, construction is more esxpensive if you do it with concrete or bricks but nothing compare with the plot
Grant Cordone's house is undamaged on Malibu while all  surrounding gone.  Looks like concrete but the roof?   Houses also have to conform to earthquake codes
In the Philippines you can build a house with AAC block, auto clave block sound and fire proof why not here in California
Looking at the car beside a home that survived… the house beside the car is burned - however, it’s old garage visible behind the home and car - seems to have made it?  Luck of the draw sometimes.  To be sure, being aware of natural conditions that can be destructive to homes, and building accordingly, is vital these days!  LA will build back better!
Maybe these are not bush fires ! Look a little deeper
What about Sprinkler System...for every neighbor...not just 1 Would atleast buy time for escape and Firefighters
How about metal roofs?
I'm puzzled why the surrounding trees didn't burn? The house about 10 minutes in.
Does the USA impose total (open) fire bans during times of high fire risk, as in Australia?
Could 3d printed home made out of concrete help in rebuilding homes devastated by the fires?
why was there no preventive spraying?
So far from everything I've read as far as the building codes go in La they are absolutely not allowed to build homes with brick and I think that's one of the reasons all these houses burned up obviously Tom Hanks is wealthy as heck so I don't know what his home was built up possibly wood was a stucco siding
Does it make sense that aluminum on the car melted but the aluminium on the house didn't..... what about the trees in the area not burning.. .  Use your eyes and common sense to assess what's going on here.
The structures survived. But they're probably coated in a toxic film of chemicals inside rendering them uninhabitable. Whether or not they can be remediated to being livable is an open question.
Did the house that Greg built help to stop the fire getting to those trees?
Question: Did the houses that survived have the old safe analog meters or the new smart meters in their homes? Seen some videos with fire dptmt. saying that they have noticed in many fires that the fires started at the smart meters. Is this a possibility? Just wondering, as I know some who are in process of building or just completed new homes. Wouldn't this make everything here a mute point?
I mean I understand costs. But why are we still building houses not designed for their environments. It mind boggles me if you live in a area prone to hurricanes. The house it not designed to handle one. Vice versa if you live in areas with fires....
Did either if these two homes have Smart Meters installed or old standard electrical meters?
So why did you choose the blue colored metal roof???
What is the Australian company that makes the mesh and where is it available in the US? I am in North Carolina.
building with concret doesnt seem to maske a difference with all the brick and mortar homes that were leveled in LA but yet the wood trees still stand tall
What about roll down metal shutters over windows and entrances that are very popular in europe? For fire, storm and security purposes.
Why not also use the Japanese style pre-burned wood on the exterior, and installed exterior perimeter sprinkler systems ?    Houses are built criminally close to each other.  I see this where I live, where it's almost impossible to just walk between some houses in an $800k high end ghetto.
America still builds using wood? Wow.. I live in a 3rd world country and we barely have any wood houses here..
Where are the links?
DID THOSE THAT SURVIVED HAVE SMART METERS..?
Can someone please explain WHY USA uses this asphalt-shingle roofing? We don't seem to use this in Australia, it's all ceramic tile or corrugated "iron". These shingles seem very prone to storm damage, and as for fires....
How come america doesn't use concrete or clay tile roofs on houses? here in UK almost everything is masonry construction of some sort and cement fibre boards are common but the country is either freezing or getting drenched. It makes no sense, the chance of fire extends to one month of the year here. Timber is the most renewable and quick form of construction i guess.
If there’s a windstorm of embers like in the footage from 60 minutes, then why are so many trees unburned which are immediately adjacent to homes burned to the ground? Many of these trees in the area are highly inflammable, like eucalyptus and pines. You can see this in the photo of Hanks’ home clearly. Maybe the house was fire resistant but the surrounding trees were not.
Tom Hank's house was not a good example because you can see that the fire wasn't even close to the house. The trees weren't even burned. The houses behind were also spared even though there are renovations and flammable materials in the yard.
of The houses that survived the fire, I would like to know how many did not have Smart Meters. I’ve certainly heard that Smart Meters were associated with fires in the past.
Watching these terrible fires my 1st question still is - why are they building with wood ?? I am German, we are building with Bricks and Concrete (obviously for the cold), why wouldn’t US and Auss people use the same ? is it a financial question ?
I'm Canadian, and a vast majority of our houses are brick.  And in downtown Toronto houses were built with slate.   I do see a lot of metal roofs now.    After seeing all of this devastation, esp in an area that had massively expensive homes,   you have to wonder why most of these houses didn't have a plan to deal with fire.  What a tragedy.    I know this was a perfect storm but you have to wonder about the flying embers landing on roofs miles away....
DEW AND CHEMICAL DUMP MAYBE?
What saved the house? @8:28 "Stucco which serves as a fire block; side walls & a metal/steel roof." You're welcome.
Why don’t people build brick homes in areas at risk of fire or hurricanes?
Is it because they are not built out of wooden sticks? 🤔😬
Just a guess but they may not have smart meters.
Do you think it was a Purgatory Bonfire or intentional arson?
Can they explain the trees still standing next to burnt homes and plastic garbage cans unmelted?
Why do they build wood frame building and not concrete or armed cement less damage
Do you live under a rock?  How do I defend my house against smart meter fire, directed energy weapon, weather manipulation, government sabotage of infrastructure?
Just wondering, about the one house “intact” with neighbors all burn down, the house it self did not burn, but it was sitting in the oven with all the fire around it. Will it need to repair for interior damage? (Uncle in Texas, he said their air condition is turned on even when nobody is home in summer, otherwise the glue used in furnishing will go bad)
What happened to the foam spray which solidified to form a fire retardant cover all over. It was being demonstrated many years ago. The properties on either side would have gone but the treated one was undamaged. I have tried to find it again, but it was many years ago, anyone else remember? Why didn’t it take off?
How about luck?
A house with wildfire benefits also is less likely to have rodents. What about termites?  The Cummer Art Museum used a $16MIL  Grant to restore a protected historical house. 3 years later it was leveled because of  termites. A stucco house.
Not made from wood??...Its amazing to me how most all houses in the USA are made from wood, when in the 3rd world almost all normal and upscale houses are made with normal bricks and ceramic tiles. Holding a flame against these normal houses will do nothing.
Just a thought - for existing houses that may be stuccoed thats more fire resistant, but regular windows, could they add a type of storm shutter out of steel to pull down over them  to assist? Obviously only if the owner had plenty of notice of a fire outbreak
How did they know to build for wild fires if these are a new event caused by climate change?
Why dont americans use concrete for their houses?
where is the external sprinkler system?
I don't understand that (hyper)rich celebreties in Hollywood build their many of millions dollar expensive houses not fire-proofed, especially in California and on hills considering also the existence of Santa Ana-winds and other well-know (super)dry environmental and other 'fire-loving and consuming by fire materials' conditions. The most rich people on earth are assembled in that wildfire dangerous zone. And seems to be not prepared on this worse "disaster movie looking" scenarios. Just a thought.
Smart meters or blue roofs this time?
Is it cheaper to build with wood in America...a brick or concrete home  i think stand a better chance of survival. When i see the prices of these wood homes one would thought of brick homes..not wood
Why didn’t anyone just cover their houses with a super big fire resistant blanket?????
trouble is most of there houses. are little more than wooden sheds. not designed to last.
So no blue paint (DEW shield) hidden under a covering layer?
Could be cement board for siding
If you know of fire proof fence material that still gives you privacy. Anything like bricks or concrete bloks for fences are allow up to four feet and not higher, i live in contra costa county CA , so many rules that in reality city codes dont allow to protect our homes.
@Matt Risinger Did these houses have smart meters ?  And don’t forget North Carolina and TN
What about the Australian building system?  Also, what about smoke damage?  What about concrete sand being limited?  Nice that you didn't blame the homeowners.  Most of the homes that burned were 60 to 120 years old built long before current housing standards.  People didn't have the money to rebuild for current standards.
Do Americans build with wood because its quicker to build. Ive never understood why .im in the uk and its very rare to build with wood
Go to Tom Hanks house, cul de sac, metal medium gate, raised camera cellphone to film what's on other side .... voice yells, "PUT DOWN YOUR PHONE!!!" from inside property....  "Was it him?" I ask myself as I bail in my car quickly ..
poor people from all over the world are looking at these houses and thinking to themselves why are these americans building mansions made out of sticks?
Why not adopt sane forestry and water resource management policies?   Is it true hydrants were not producing water?
How about this, built the outside walls and ceilings exclusively out of concrete. Put clay tiles on the roofs. I doubt any houses will burn when constructed this way.
I wonder what it will take for Americans to adopt some of the European standards of house building. Your homes get regularly blown into pieces by tornadoes or burned down yet you still rebuild them in a way we build our small vacation cabins. Obviously not all European houses are fire resistant, but a lot of this “wonder house” that’s been shown everywhere now, are just standard solutions. People are dying in houses with walls you can punch a hole in with your bare hands. For your safety you should have strict rules for structures located in places that are endangered by natural disasters. It’s painful to watch this LA fire horror. Hopefully people get all the help they need.
Excuse me, but what about to change planing future whole  urbanisation there differently ?
Why are American homes built out of wood? Cheap and quick I quess, bricks would help also concrete tiles on roof too. Just a thought
Might want to actually doublecheck the Tom Hanks residence and the fire-path on the firemap... looks like TH was just on the razon thin edge of losing his home.
Interested to know if the white structure behind the burned out house was intact?  Sure looks like it.   Were fire units luckily close by and able to dump a heap of water between the houses?   Was the left side of the standing buildings wall charred?
The building may have survived but is the home still habitable? The smoke would have destroyed everything too.
@11.24mins - I think those are steel framed windows and doors given how thin the framing is.
Can you please explain whythehell alll the trees are still green and standing???
Did Tom have a smart meter on his house?
I don't understand why people build with wood in this area, you know its an area of fire danger, so why not build with concrete? too expensive? think about your life first.
Explain the house behind still standing and looking good?
I'm glad to learn about ways to prevent a house from burning down.  After Texas had the great freeze, several years ago did, they make any changes to the building code? Personally, I think the south should do the insulation & plumbing of about 1000 miles north of where they are if it is more stringent.
Why not build homes like navy ships - with water tight hatches and doors …?….and in tornado areas build them in a half moon shape to prevent wind blowing them away.
Million dollar houses burned down like paper??? You guys are being scammed by your builders man.
Will that wildfire defense mesh keep critters out? Or can citters chew through it?
What about vinyl fences? And I wasn't allowed to replace my windows & sliding glass door with aluminum, when they were aluminum originally. Some new California law. What to do?
What about adding metal roller shutters for existing windows?
serious question,  can you not get brick over there?
What color is his roof is it blue
does that house have a rain gutter?
Great video! Now, is it possible to meet modern building requirements for R rating with a fully conditioned attic space? We have a lot of problems here with condensation in winter, and our sure-fire solution is a well ventilated attic. Some of the older vaulted ceilings with no attic space have problems with condensation. How do you get around that?  I guess I should mention that we have 60° C difference between interior and exterior temperature in the winter. Not all winter. But enough.
Cow Fire Video?
The window glass? Many years ago I was designing fire resistant partitioning systems.  We used laminated intumescent glass. The standard we were aiming for 30 minutes with w fire which started at 850 centigrade and ramped up to 950 at 30 minutes.  The glass quickly became opaque and developed cracks, but was still intact at 38 minutes when the system finally failed.
The big question is, how they can recover all those lost house in a short time. Plenty of companies and materials required. So it have to be a simple, quick and fire protection construction system.   Those are basically made from concrete uisng a formwork block system. You can even build by yourself while using a formwork block.
What situation would involve the crap literally hitting the fan?
I dont understand how a fire can burn over 1200°F to melt aluminum but the trees ~120' away we're still alive with green foliage?
For a while now YouTube synchronizes your videos into other languages which really bothers me because the robot voice sounds so artificial. I tried to change my default language to English but this is unreliable and I have to deactivate it at the beginning of each video. Does anyone know how to deactivate this feature once and for all?
20 degrees hotter??  Our summer temperatures are usually over 100
22:48 can I spray my deck and cedar post holding the porch up with a fire retardant liquid to prevent a loss? My house is 100% cement board siding. Brand new house. I don't keep the water hoses besidthe house or trash carts.
here in Southern california we are being told only 24 deaths so far. where are you getting this info?
Have you seen what your weapons have done to Gaza. Babies and children.
I wonder how an exterior wood siding treated with “Shou Sugi Ban” would fare having been pre - Burned.   I hope you follow this more in the future.
wild  fire tragedy  same with   titanic,  no  answers, why it  happened
Are the windows heat reflective?
100mph wind is cat 5? Uhhh.
Is this for real?? 🧐
May I ask why ,it seems the houses do not have concrete posts?The houses burned are on the ground level.?no digging was made for posts. Thank you.❤️
Question... The Lahaina fire in Hawaii had one house undamaged... Reportedly FEMA tore down... Will this or these be tore down also even though they survived the LA fires
And no gutters?  Gutters are supposed to save a house but due to collection of flammable twigs it can set house on fire.  Are gutters going out of fashion or is it because they are avoiding the roof overhang?
Why anybody in the right mind still builds wooden house in fire-prone area?
Would a ICF built house survive?
75 deaths??? heard there is 24 but maybe the number is up.
Why is California using wood to make houses? Concrete would be best choice.
Why do you suppose the natives used adobe and built residential in mountain cliffs. That area was once like LA is now. They grew crops below in the valleys.
Wouldn't these houses that were not destroyed have so much smoke damage that would make it impossible to live in them?
what does it take to build a red-brick house with concrete? its not rocket science.
Blue roof?
Any Illuminati members houses burnt?
Here's a question.........you can put all the effort into the home, but in this case.....if it stands after the fire, being only 60% damaged and being amongst all the burned out neighbors and watching construction for 5-10 years around you on a brown mountain.......dosnt matter because who wants to live there
It looks like his house is on a cliff?  Looks kind of unstable?  It's beautiful but I wouldn't want a house on the edge of a cliff?
Man, I really wonder what I could do to retrofit my built in the 70's home to maybe survive a fire. There might be some fire resistant paint but I wonder how much that would cost compared to covering the wood cladding with a couple inches of stucco.
How do the houses burn but not the trees and shrubs?
I wonder what the "special underlayment" was in the metal roof of the second house. I need it.
Could it be Nichiha Vintage Wood fiber cement siding?
Somehow, the second house is not subjected to direct severed firestorms. Look at the adjacent garage structure in the back. It has exposed eaves and appeared to be in great shape. The trees still have leaves. It may be in the fire zone. But not directly in the middle of it. IMHO, the house skirted the fire and was directly immersed in it.
Matt, have you gotten calls from these celebrities for quotes yet?
How about Hardie Board siding, metal roofs and outdoor sprinkler systems around the homes and on the roof.
Skylights are an interesting question. How would you protect the glass from breaking and being an open door for a wild fire or even an hurricane?
What about those hempcrete builds you showed 4 or 5 years ago?
Why do they keep building these supposed multi-million dollar homes out of wood from the ground up?
Houses with pools should have pool feed sprinkler systems on the roof to wet down the surrounding.  I also noticed in many videos of the Palisades fire that the trash cans survived the blaze, why?
Love your shows, Matt always packed with great info for my future dream dwelling. Quick question: can this fiery apocalypse with the Devil's wind in Cali take a little detour and turn Texas into toast, or are we safe for now?
Why are there no building requirements or fire suppression requirements for buildings near brushfire locations. Some roof sprinklers can make a big difference.
I'd really like to know if there is a fireproof sheathing to replace plywood or osb to use on walls, floors, and roofs.  I've heard some people say you can use cement or hardi board, but I don't think code allows it.  Even light metal stud framed houses need sheathing.  I've seen a "yellow" board used on commercial buildings, but I can't find any info on it.
MR. Chasen what are the slotted beams directly below the main window?
We sure that's aluminum and not lead from the battery? Lead melting like that would be a lot more believable.
So, I'm curious, Matt, how is this going to shape you building from here forward? Just curious. TYIA
Gov stop settings fort ablaze and now only homes? Well, stupid question. - ofc they doing both. Hope all bastards capatalizin nicely
What about the apparently unburned garage in the back of the lot on the left?
Could that be WoodTone siding?
Could the wood be shoshugibon ?
I built hundreds of houses with a national builder in Santa Clarita Valley in the late 90's, concrete tile roof, stucco soffit, block walls. Definitely used vinyl windows with nontempered glass, and don't think we did anything special for the fascia. Fire construction was a big deal.
They were ICF weren't they... so what happens?  The external foam is probably destroyed, but then repairs are really just putting new cladding.
Can't you see no tree around tom hanks house is burnt, surely fire did not reach there.
Matt are you aware of the Harmless Home? It is an interesting step to constructing homes that can withstand wildfires, earthquakes, and hurricanes.
Did they have smart meters?
What are the odds that this house would be constructed six months before this fire?
Did the home have a smart meter, should be important question here, and can't tell color if roof, blue??,
Any suggestions for a log home in the forest? Something more useful than moving please. Lol
Is that neon sign being held up by just two zip ties?
Matt, would you advise us to rebuild using ICF?
I don't understand why insurance companies, instead of canceling policies, don't mandate fire protection like they mandate tree removal, roof replacement, electrical upgrades etc
Concrete, steel, glass, ceramic, stone What is the big advantage of using anything else?
