The skin cream question is incomplete without providing if there is a null-effect group or not. This isn't a failure to reason it is perfectly valid with the implied premise that the trails were evenly distributed, but inert results were simply omitted from the data, and that is the more reasonable assumption to make because that's how human trails are actually done.
Let's consider any yes or no question on whatever as if on skin cream.
The first problem I saw with the question is that the control group was much smaller than the experimental group. Therefore the experiment was not carried out correctly.
Honestly, it's basically a trick question that relies on people not noticing the difference in group sizes because common sense just dictates that both groups are the same size, and we then reason within that framework. So of course people concluded that the cream works in 52% of cases. And even though it has the slight potential of making it worse, that wouldn't stop anybody of at least trying. This reasoning makes complete sense.  It really took me a while to notice this discrepancy, and of course everything became clear then. And if you had given the questioned this little hint after getting it wrong, I'm sure many more would have picked up on this as well. You definitely should have mentioned this before diving into comparing proportions because this is not what threw people off.
Its concerning that I got this question right immediately
3:01  Question: What is the % likelihood that this woman voted for Trump?  4:25 Wow! I wrote the above before this little tidbit.  Prediction: Conservatives can’t f*ck*ng count.
Question 1 is intentionally misleading. If you made it clear that there were the same number of people in each group, everyone would get the right answer. dumb question
I would wonder how people with high numeracy would answer if asked the skin cream question first, then the gun control question after with higher numbers but in the same ratio.  Seeing them use rational thought to come to the conclusion on the first question, only to become irrational on the 2nd ignoring the very math they used on the first one would have been interesting.
Feels like this was a test if people could keep being objective or would turn subjective based on what the question was about. Skin cream, most could keep objective, guns most turned subjective.
What is numeracy ?
What if you believe in both, In my own belief, world is Yin and Yang, so it's always be kind of both like everything is the same side but some side is more dominant than the other side and vice versa.
so your not asking people a math question, your asking them a political question and giving them fake numbers to see if they will read the numbers correctly. this doesnt show smarter people do worse at math it shows that smarter people are more likely to try and justify their political leanings even if you present them with fake numbers that are contrary. maybe its because they believe the numbers are wrong.
3:00 "yeah i dont think the numbers mean anything to me" ITS A MATH QUESTION NOT A MEDICAL QUESTION
That first question is an intro stat type question…
How though? If you are smart, you would first question whether these numbers are real, and then you would figure out the answer using mathematics. Why go with your beliefs on a math question, because you know that this question doesn't involve real politics?
the gun control tables are very nebulous because the cities could have any number more or fewer cases but still only represent one binary worse/better for the table
I got stuck on the question,,, I didn't understand 'which made the rash better'.  ,,,,, All I could think was 'better at what'. .   perhaps. I should remember that Americans have bastardised my language. 😅
The the question itself is tricky because is focusing on the cream and is phrased using the words "better" and "worse" linked to the cream. A more fair question should have been  "is it better (or worse) to take the cream rather let your immune system alone do the job?"
If everyone becomes more objective, Is it better or worsened.
So if I answer wrong, I'm actually smarter than previously thought?
what are the numbers for this? : gets out a calculator to do 100/20 and 220/70. Edit: Im just an asian who's salty caus i wasnt allowed to use a calculator as a kid.
As a math major, I would never dare to draw a conclusion from just 4 numbers in such a contextualized question as the second case though.
On These Math Problems, Smarter 2-digits People Do Worse ?
Admittedly got the skin cream question wrong. My fault was assuming that both groups had the same amount of people, and any in a hypothetical 'no change' category were removed from the final chart. Assuming a binary improve or worsened state to this hypothetical felt incorrect to me, but I suppose I should've.
What are the actual stats on gun crime and restriction relation in your country? Just out of interest.
i didnt watch til end but what about people who did not get worse and better
There's a reason for this. Because your asking the brain to do mathimatical calculations while asking a different question(an analysi). Obviously the the brain will abandon the computing part and resort more to their gut feeling...  If you put percentage instead of numbers. Then i would bet they would ALL get the answer correctly..  -Renz fabian
And here I am, (maybe) overthinking the problem: what about the number of people where the cream had no effect at all? How big are the groups to begin with? Are they as many as the sums, or are there neutral cases?
So, independent thought doesn't exist? Help please, I'm pretty slow...💔
But the cream showed more improvements than worsening, suggesting it may have helped. Awful setup and no clear answer, as you provide no hypothesis as to how both groups showed such marked improvement.
The chart at 4:00 shows that from numeracy scores of 0-7, *since it's a yes/no answer*, people are about as good as literal guesses, so nobody is right. It's interesting that numeracy scores of 0-3 on the first version of the question are getting actively mislead into the wrong answer as opposed to being "just as good as guessing" though.
I don't blindly answer potentially short sighted information. if approached with the skin cream it looks to be a simple math question. once you get into political or social arenas then you HAVE to ask questions cause its always going to be be more nuanced than a simple math question. if the math question became known to be connected to a specific brand it would immediately fall into the questionable category. who is advertising and who is seeking to shut them down being the very first question. as a centrist I have people on the left and the right that don't care for my political and/or social opinions. as for the fun control question... what are the parameters, what are the raw numbers, are all data points and variables accounted for. with any statistics, people can alter the studies and make them lean one way or another upon interpretation... and to keep myself in check I will actually debate myself to see if there was any relevant data not accounted for. I would rather be correct through examination, than the "one in the right" because of an opinion.
Can't stand people like the lady at 3:03 you think your being smart (working around some trick question) but your an idiot just answer the damn question and be ok being right or wrong.
wdym crime improved/worsened the crime rate? the brutality?
Consider this problem:
Is it worth paying $1,000 for a small but non-zero chance of receiving effectively infinite money?
It took Marie ten minutes to fold two paper cranes. If she works just as fast, how long will it take for her to fold three more paper cranes?
It took Marie 10 minutes to saw a board into two pieces. If she works just as fast, how long will it take for her to saw another board into three pieces?
So the smart guy uses proportion and gets the right answer, the dumb guy goes for the big number and gets it wrong — so how come the smart guy ends up doing worse?
Wouldn't this prove people who are apolitical or coined as "not swayed easllily" would make better scientists as they would be more open minded to conflicting beliefs and changing views?
How is the numeracy score determined?
If you have like 5 seconds to answer the question then ya you will get it wrong but otherwise, I don't see how you would.
The questions make no sense in the way they are pretending to object to reality. Its not about proportion in the first one and not about increase and decrease in crime rate in the second question if you want a logical answer.
So if I got the skin cream answer correct does that mean I'm dumb?
But what was the size of the groups? How many reported no change? The ficticious study is a bad study imo.
When one is presented with FICTITIOUS data about a subject they think they have KNOWLEDGE OF, and FICTITIOUS data CONTRADICTS THEM, they will question the DATA!  I don’t think you have A VALID argument, especially when you talk about GUN CONTROL! Because it is MORE INTRICATE subject than SKIN CREAM!! It has MORAL VALUES involved, and ALWAYS lies from THE LEFT, the HISTORICAL FASCISTS!   and you can see this today in the streets of LOS ANGELES!!
Better by what metric? This is a trick question missing data inputs. Do we assume equal number of participants and the population with no change was not reported or assume the total number of participants in each group had some change? If the rash is terminal, any greater number of improvement to patients is "better". This question stumps dullards.
Better title: with questions like these, people don't care about the truth or take the steps to find it.
I don't get the study, it should be equal number of participants, right? Or add a 3rd category of "no noticeable change" or something. Because otherwise it doesn't make sense.
Now I’m asking myself if i want to be right or do I want to be smart lol
If the questions were asked to 12 -16 year olds, what do you think the results would be?
Vis à vis the two charts at 11:43, how are we defining “science curiosity”? I imagine “science comprehension” was defined using a problem set like the numeracy example, but was “scientific curiosity” a self-reported metric?   I do think people who center curiosity as a central value or character trait tend to be more open to changing their beliefs or holding heterodox views. This is completely based on informal personal observation, so it’s hardly empirical, but still.
The 1st question doesn't really have a correct answer since its missing a lot of data. Are those all the total participants? And its not like an occurrence of side effects makes medication useless. You'd make a choice over whether the medication is effective in a much more nuanced matter. They just make up a tricky question and designate a correct choice based on reasoning not included in the question, if its just about the proportionality its easy of course.
The graph doesn't even have numbers though... is this cases? How can 214 increase and 42 decrease in terms of "cites"?  The first one was easy as it comes, but the second one just has no context.
for the skin cream, what if it never improved or worsened? that was never shown, and as such you cannot conclusively determine whether or not the cream was effective.
To be fair, the question is ill-posed, at least in this video. We don't know the number of people per group and if making rash worse counteracts making rash better 1:1.  If both groups had n=1000, then the creme clearly has a better chance of making rash better than no treatment, despite increasing the chance of making it worse.
The skin cream question is crazy to say that "smarter people" get it worse more than others. No way in hell people who knows how to read studies would get that one wrong.
I see a number of different ways of looking at these charts !  I would have more questions of the charts , questions on its intention to confuse my thought process before making my decision !  Everyone thinks differently, that you can be guaranteed !  Try serving on a jury duty in a court of law when 12 people have to come to a unanimous decision at deliberation !  You will understand what I am saying !
is this somehow different from cognitive bias?
What if i don't even understand the question. I'm a genius...
In summery; Veritasium asks wing dummies questions, to see if they get it wrong.
All I’m thinking is, if I see Derek on the streets with a set of statistics, I would question where he got it first. Nowhere on there does the chart say where the data was from, or what the cream was for, or which sample had been tested.
One issue I see with this type of question is the suspension of disbelief while answering the question. While with the cream question its reasonable to assume both options are equally as likely. With other issues, such as gun control or climate change, it might also feel contrary to common sense or to data they've seen, even if the numbers are entirely imaginary. If the answer defies common sense and evidence, less people are gonna get it right.  And while the both sides of the political spectrum coming together against the effects of climate change in Florida is nice, ultimately it inherently favors reactionary centrism. Kicking the can down the road, addressing only what's here and now, without the looking for the cause, doesn't solve the issue in itself and it only favors the climate denying side of the political right. In the case where the question is about taking no action or taking preemptive action in hopes of not making it worse, every second we take debating the question and not taking action favors the people who don't want the action to be taken. This kind of reactionism runs into this issue a lot.
Isn't it possible that the reason very low numeracy people scored better than slightly below average people, that the former are more likely to just blindly guess than to go for even the "intuitive" answer (it approached 50% for the second question even).
I got correct answer, although I am good at math , it's simple ratio question which means maths is strong is gonna do this correct. I don't know why you are saying,if you are good at math you have high probability of doing this wrong.🤔🤔🤔
Recently Ive been trying to find an answer to the question, "Do people who mostly on themselves or who dont care humanity as a whole or less care about others (outside their family or friends) are the ones most successful? "
Wait... you're not American?
I got the question right, but at what cost?
The question is not very well formed as it's not clear how big the groups are. It's intuitively obvious that there are also people for whom the cream will make no difference and thus it's natural to assume the groups were bigger (maybe the same size as that's a usual design). It's just very counterintuitive that cream make a difference (one way or another) for everyone and that's the source of confusion.   Ask a better question and you will get better answers (as is usual in those kind of experiments which are often based on confusing people). In this particular question if you just add that the first group had 398 participants and the second only 128 people make correct conclusions more often.
As none English speaker I was confused by improved / worsened words. Crime improved mean it decrease? Or it increase? :O
Doesn't the graph at 7:04 compared to the one at 4:30 say that while Democrats certainly resisted the "Gun control increases crime" it was considerably less than Republicans on "decreases crime". Then on the reverse effect was not that noticeable at all for Democrats on "Gun control decreases crime" but Republicans on "increases crime" were moved a lot
i'm just bothered by those questions in the sense that the questions rely heavily on some other factor that you need to take into account. The skin cream question is a bit easier but my initial idea going in was that both sample sizes were the same so that heavily biases the way i first perceive the numbers. Once you convert to percentages it becomes really obvious.  The gun control question is way different though because those cities don't exist in a vacuum. Typically gun control laws are put in place in RESPONSE to high crime rates, not the other way around. Chicago is the prime example of why numbers are so intertwined. Chicago has strict regulations but it sits geographically close to other states with comparatively lax gun laws. Since the US has open boarders between states, the criminals can easily just go for a 10 minute drive and bypass the gun controls. Cops in Chicago though need those laws on the books so they have cause to go after those criminals who are doing other crimes. To me those gun control charts are meaningless since often you can just travel 1 city over and get the guns. The chart also does not indicate if the "crimes" are gun related. For all we know about the charts the theoretical crimes could be jay walking.
Because they are "so smart", they are questioning the accuracy of the data. The question is simple, what is this data showing. Just answer it. Nobody wants you to take action based on only this data.
I am curious about what the gap would be if the data set was separated out by moderates on both sides instead of the far left and rights of the spectrum. Would the scientifically competent still score as bipartisan? Would the scientifically curious score differently from the control? Is this a phenomenon on the ends of the spectrum only, or all the way across the board?
It's not consistent with ideology. It's consistent with belief. If you've done a thousand tests that suggest gravity works and then you read data that suggests gravity doesn't work then you're probably going to misread the data unless you pay very close attention.  The question is about totality of knowledge. 9 indicators say A, 1 indicator says B, you're going to go with A.
The first question I would have asked was, "are people with no change not represneted in this data, why was rhere such a heavy selection of people using the skin cream?"
The question was 'what do the numbers say", not 'does gun control work'. Many commenters are falling at the same hurdle. I'm looking at you, @lVideoWatcherl
Wait, quick question. They were told that the data set is not real, and they still didn't use their brain. Is absolutely wild. This study is actually very scary and condusive to religion. It doesnt matter what religion i show you, if you have preconceived biases you will still not recognize the truth. The real question is, are they purposefully choosing the wrong answer or not.
There is a problem with the label formulation. What does it mean Crime improved? The answers might be biased by the understanding of the data.
But what about the people whose rash didn't get better or worse?
Wondering if this is only a problem with americans
Why does the Cream statistik not urk much responses in the comments, while i had the pleasure of reading paragraphs on gun control?  In my opinion this says alot about the study.  (Edit: When sorting by newest, there seem to be a more equal amount of comments on both. But in the Top-Comments the engagement is totally different between the two Statistiks.)
So turns out its on question with more variable !
It's because you aren't asking what the study says, you're asking for the truth. You're involving every other piece of data they've ever seen in their lives. One study with a small sample size doesn't mean much. Edit: I've realized you must be dumb to not understand this.
The picture they used while discussing sea level rise in S Florida is a joke. Sea level was that high during hurricane Andrew and within hours back to normal. I've been hearing about the rising oceans for 50 years, uh, still waiting. Building on the East coast of the US isn't slowing down, why? Because the oceans aren't rising at an alarming rate. Are we to believe the insurance companies and builders don't care that these buildings will be uninhabitable and they'll lose millions if not billions of dollars. AOC in 2015 "we only have 8 years before it's too late". Good grief.
I have a doubt: does "smarter people" mean numeracy proficient?
The gun control chart just doesn’t make sense, like what do the numbers even mean in this context? The skin care one makes sense because it’s a clear number of people who were either helped or not, but with the gun control one, what is 223 even supposed to be representing ? It could be anything so it’s just more confusing which lends people to then just choose big or small number without even any meaning. This is more of a test your political alignment question than a math dependent question
Got the first question right (skin cream one). I'm not liking where this is going  Edit: Watched the next 3 minutes of the video, my ego is restored.
Is dark matter and dark force 1:26 god?
Dumb question, but did the person presenting the problems say that these were fictitious problems in both cases, only one case or in neither case?
Numeracy will increase skepticism when presented with pololitical stats, fomenting distrust.
I think we need to dig into how political views become so polarizing that they split people almost perfectly down the middle. What are the odds that, on issue after issue, we end up so evenly divided — especially when we’re often looking at the same statistical, supposedly unbiased information?  If the data suggests that such perfect polarization is unlikely by chance alone, then maybe there’s an invisible hand — some structural or systemic influence — skewing how people interpret the facts. And if that's true, then perhaps we're trying to solve the wrong part of the problem. Maybe we need to start by identifying and dismantling that influence first.
What do you mean smarter people get this wrong? How does that make any sense? These are easy questions.
Did you try "priming" the participants before asking them about the data? I think people would respond differently if they were asked them if they were open minded before looking at the data.
The problem is the framing of the question. Conservatives are used to data manipulation in statistics when presenting data about gun control. Many of the figures of gun violence include suicide and levitate police activity. A good deal of them most likely assumed the numbers were manipulated when you showed the numbers that crime decreased with more gun control. While liberals on political issues react almost exclusively on emotions. This is a close relative to confirmation bias and can easily be mistaken for it.
How was the Numeracy score measured?
is this the dunning kruger?
Doesn't this mean that political matters should be argued by people who are apolitical instead of politicians to achieve the most rational political decisions?
Guys I lost the plot at the second fictitious study, how can crime increase and decrease at the same time? Isn't it supposed to be like +200 or -200 crimes cases in single column. Why are there 2 columns 😅. Its not a comparable example as the first fictitious study at all, and everyone just act like it makes sense. I think I'm going crazy or I'm the stupid one omg😂 I need answers
That’s kind of like asking whether or not ice cream sales increase violent crime.  The question being asked is not what is being answered.  In fact, the question cannot be answered without a belief set. Hence the answers are actually rational, while the question itself is a misappropriation of “scientific” reasoning. Academics are equally susceptible to “scientific reasoning,” which means they can misinterpret common sense.   The two scenarios are not actually the same question at all.  Controversial issues are non-binary. Hence trying to frame them as a binary choice will get instantly rejected. People understand there are hundreds if not thousands of uncontrollable factors which feed into a seemingly simple “fact.” The question implies causality and linear relationships, which a considerate person will reject based on their personal beliefs.   Most people intuitively recognize this inconsistency with data and hence will reject the implication of a study rather than the numbers themselves. In other words, they are answering the question “should gun control be enacted” rather than “is gun control correlated to a numerical result.”  It all depends on how you present something. When it comes to deciding a course of action, people will often rely on their personal beliefs (I.e. principles). This is both rational and arguably the best way to answer questions like this, since the data itself in this category cannot be tied to a single factor as if it were a linear relationship.
since i got it right does that mean im stupid or extra smart??
Favorite part was all the old white Trump supporters standing defensively trying to figure out if the guy with camera was on their side or whether they needed to harass him lol
less go dude! I got the cream question first try by using ratios!
Try asking non-Americans...
Wait I still don't get it maths wise😅 Can someone help please?
Did it matter though if the data was wrong or made up vs true?  Maybe some people have better intuition on the truth.  It also doesn't help with there shear volume of gaslighting.
This is a very difficult subject to approach -- because questions like that, especially with a camera, make people think you're trying to get a sound byte out of them. You can't uncover their true answer, because you are always going to create a "gotcha" dynamic by simply asking that type of question in the first place. You have to remember, this isn't 2015 anymore. You can't just ask people questions, and reasonably expect the answer will represent anything.
I got it right, am I dumb?
You changed the question and suddenly i could feel my brain shutting down. What. I guess... at least it seems like i'm still capable of noticing?
Skin cream question was so easy. Wait
TLDR: On These Questions, Human beliefs questioned the numbers and may or may not insist their beliefs.  Hence eh,  Congratz Trump wins right :P
How many people used the cream in each group? We don’t have a no effect group.
The skin cream question isnt it a stat question. I feel it can be solved using t test
I've been meaning to watch this video for a while, the first question was disappointing :(
won the question...... but at what cost?
The funniest thing in the comments is seeing some people getting upset over being supposed not smart because they got the question right
i actually got the first question right by proportioning 💀
I wonder if part of is that they believe the question is trying to prove a theory right or wrong and so they're defending that rather than looking at the data.
if i got it right am i not smarter ?
WTF is crime improved or crime worsened mean.
Honestly... I would probably also search for the "guns more constricted means less severe crime"-evidence, cause everything else wouldn't make sense for me (I'm german and I have so freaking much fear knowing in texas someone could just draw a gun whenever... So I will probably do my best to never visit or put that thought in such a dark and tiny corner, that I don't think about it if I ever gonna visit the US). And I am probably someone who is really keen on what I believe and where I stand. But I do try. I do try to broaden my view and let others give me input I may not have considered. But yeah, bias is a bitch. It will always bite you and you don't even know it. I try to be open, but if you tap on something that I'm gonna get emotional about - I'm probably beyond reason already. BUT it will be worth the try. Cause if you lay out your reasons and evidence and get me to not instantly hate you... You have a good chance in sticking in my head and question my believe. And I am kinda questioning if there IS a belive I may have encountered that actually HAS counterproof but that I biased as I am just shrug off... I mean - humans ARE emotional and so everything that is gonna pluck on those strings is gonna have a hard time changing the tune. But the more you do (and you have to be careful or it will snap), you can slowly turn the tune. And hopefully in the direction you wanted...
question 1 is easy, it's just that some people don't pay attention
Omg a question I will get right 100% of the time!
Why do people think its the biggest number? Like I think mostly about proportion when these questions pop up in tests I litterally just think about proportions
great, finally some questions im good at :)))
What if we fought for a law that, on every social network, a negative interaction would have the same effect, but opposite to every positive interaction? Maybe the polarization would be less, right?
I just kept looking at the numbers (regardless of the reason for the data) and trying to figure out what the data said.  After that, I then questioned how the data was collected, and how were the people in each group chosen.  If it didn't match with my belief system I said, well, statistics (and sometimes science and research studies) work things to say what they want them to say. I usually do not believe a great deal of statistics and research until I know exactly how both were done.
You should have also found conservative and liberal statisticians to ask them the same question. In other words, can we educate ourselves enough to allow the data to determine our decisions and beliefs, and not vice versa?
these questions, where smarter people get them wrong more often, are very easy to find. You just need the guy asking the questions to be stupid.
I don't think this study shows what the video purports it to. I think perhaps this is more a study of how people process information, and I think the results are highly dependent on how people thought about the question. If it was just the question, look at this data and tell me which side is more effective, I think anyone with good math reasoning skills can do it. The problem is that most people don't process the question like that. They process what they perceive to be the linked implications. If you can separate the linked implications from the question at hand, all's well. Most can't or don't, and so the next way of thinking takes hold: We all have settled questions in our minds and, more to the point, in our systems of thinking. It seems, regardless of how you came to settle them, when something challenges those settled questions, we are skeptical. Maybe this shows that people with more literacy on the subject have considered (or maybe believe they have considered) the subject more carefully than others and therefore the question is more settled, and it takes more counter information to move off the settled answer.   At 8:50, that question isn't the question. The question is, how do I know that this evidence is solid evidence? So many people that we can safely assume all people do not have the capacity or the means to answer that question alone. So, we must rely on others, and usually not specific others, but groups of others, to do that for us. Who, more pointedly what group, do you trust to do that? Is it anything else than your tribe?    Maybe the way to less polarization is to just be truthful with information instead of using it to our personal or policical advantage. But then, that might be asking people to not be people.   Wait wait, can it be that the data reinforces the sarcastic answer to the way to less polarization: less information? Is it true that ignorance really is bliss?
This looks like a paradox to me.. so if the dumber people get to find the correct answer to that question, doesn't that subsequently make them the smarter ones ? So again if now they are the smarter ones, what would happen if they get asked the same question again with different numbers? Would they now be right or wrong?
Are you trying to explain the election results or something?
See the problem with this study is that the people with high numeracy scores are less than the number of people with lower scores  So if say 10 people guess a 50/50 question then maybe 70 percent of people get it right  But say 1000 people guess the exact same question then that number gets closer to 50 percent  Although the questions use logic and are not random, there are many ways to interpret the problem and thus making it random
"Dumb people get this question right. So I asked my American friend..."
These examples really boil down to how you interpret data. With the skin cream one, it seemed more like a simple math problem but there were still some people that asked questions about causation rather than correlation. With the political question, people were coming up with their own causations for the data for their interpretations, rather than just interpreting the data without any bias.
Fair to say middle americans aced it?
Guys I think I have the answer.   People should have to take a small and short quiz about the 2 main candidates and what their campaign promises are before entering their vote. If they get it wrong, their votes are not counted.  People please like so he can see.
I actually got the skin cream question wrong funnily enough. My first thought was to look at the proportions and I saw that there was a higher better/worse ratio for no cream. But then I realized that the sample sizes would most likely be the same size, with there just being more people who's rashes stayed the same on the side with no cream. Assuming this, the cream was far more likely to improve the rash, regardless of the fact that it is also more likely to make it worse.  It's honestly just a bad question. The set up is vague and the question itself doesn't have an answer. There is no answer to "Does the cream make the rash better or worse" since this is a problem of probabilities. It made the rash better on some people and worse on others. A better question would be 'Does the cream improve the chances of the rash getting better,' to which there is still no answer because it depends on the sample size.
why tf r u asking americans
So you have a question with one variable. Vs one that has a lot that have to be assumed to have no effect to go pure numeracy. If you've been in that debate before you might bring that with you. Were the people instructed to only deal with the data presented as if it were an LSAT question?
I looked at the first question from the perspective of the rash... The rash improved itself by growing...
This is a good example of how asking the question in a certain way influences the answers you get.  The graphic at the beginning of the video had me thinking the two groups were the same size and the question itself didn't seem to make sense.  When I realized the groups weren't the same size, it clicked. If you said 107 people out of 128 total saw improvement versus 223 out of 298, then people would be more likely to consider the percentages. (74.5% versus 83.6%, by the way.)
this is a question like; choose 1 out of four creams and apply it and u might get rashes due to 1 bad product among 4 where other 3 is good..u have a 25% chance of getting rashes vs a getting a gun and play russian roulette where u have 25% chances of dying..both have prize awards if u are in 75%..u will definetly choose cream over gun..its just a debate about getting rashes vs dead
I'm seriously questioning the initial postulate (although I don't know all the data gathered over the years)... a smart person wouldn't not see the porportions issue, I mean is basic to filter a good comparison... I guess is more likely to get it wrong if you're under the Dunning-Kruger effect.
if you could delete the ATC and the NRA at the same time, would we be safer?
when the labels changed to "crime improved" with an arrow up, and "crime worsend" with an arrow down, i found it more confusing and harder to understand, wouldn't it be easier to use "increased" or "decreased"?
Dude what the hell is this study? ahahah do the study in Europe
Here's the problem in a real-life example. What is a fact? Right now the news is reporting that we ate in a Constitutional crisis because Trump is not listening to the court. However if you see the Trump interview, he said he is listening to the court but will appeal. So for like 20 straight hours across most major media. Constitutional crisis over and over. Until 1 time it was retracted and they changed topics. New topic was Trump spent 400k on armored Tesla cars. For hours it was reported and repeated until 1 time nevermind that was Biden. Next story something bad Trump
I got the question right, does that mean I'm stupid? I'm a math major at an esteemed university so I hope not
It may have been done, or said, already, but I'd like to see something like this done again. But instead    it's more like the 2 door labrynth riddle...One guard always lies, while the other always tells the truth. And see if people know which is which.
One thing I would like to be examined and disseminated more is whether this effect is due to tribal thought, or if it is simply due to distrust.   For example. If I was a dentist and participated in a toothpaste study where I rate the efficacy and personal recommendation of brands, I would likely rate all big consumer brands fairly high. BUT, I know that the reason the study is made is to promote ONE brand with the "9/10 dentists ...", so I deliberately answer the lowest on all other brands beside the one I actually would recomment first in my own practice. When measuring my answer, it shows that I was biased against all other brands. Was this due to tribalism, or because of the understanding of how easily numbers could be manipulated to support the wrong conclusion?   The same can be applied to politically loaded topics. Are the people questioned here pulled towards tribalistic thought, or are they pitting themself against the study since they have the knowledge on how their answers can be used against them, causing their answers to seem irrational when their answers are analyzed outside of this context.  This is important because it could be the case that missinformation and dishonest scientific research practices are the main evil in this situation, and they are fighting against it to promote what they believe is "actually true" using the few tools they have available to them, which is their critical thinking, their voice, and their vote. That is an entirely different problem based on people's rational decision-making process as opposed to unconcious though process with completely different solutions to both.   If I was in that situation, I would also present myself as an open-thinking rational person despite my answers because I am willing to change my mind given credible opposing strong reasoning and evidence, because it is you, your evidence, and how you choose to present me that I do not trust.   But that is just a theory.
Since when people that simply ignore given data considered to be smarter?
I wonder what the results of this study are in western europe. In the USA there is a strong black and white vision of politics, which isn't present that much in western europe. We have dozens of political parties, so the opinions of people are also widely different from person to person.
now do race and iq
If I get them all right, does that mean I'm not smart? 👀
Wait, so how do you help solve rising sea levels for the local community without addressing the emission problem worldwide? Is this gonna be another "blame the corporations" rhetoric again?
What in the Jesus Christ fudge is that flashing grey background?!
This is a question of integrity, and loyalists lack integrity
I thought I was smart and I did those questions right, now I am having self doubt.
but in the cream question 298 people used cream and 128 didnt. So if you match the results to the same number of people to make it an even test, 55% got worse without cream and 33% got worse with cream. you cant do a control test with less people than the people that are using the product.
1:40 never have I been more disappointed from getting a question right
The main question should be...is the difference of the rash improvement proportion statistically significant?
8:23  When the question is about skin cream, most people that answer the question don't have any outside knowledge about what the real answer is. But as soon as the question is on a topic we at least think we know a lot about, then it becomes difficult to divorce reality from the fake study. I think this can be seen earlier at 3:02, where a person wants to know more information about the rashes and skin cream and is unable to answer just about the fake study. Maybe the differences for the political questions could just be explained by the difference between a person's perceived knowledge, the reality of the statistics, and whether the fake study is more like reality or less like reality.  To conclude that really its all about irrational tribal affiliation when people are unable to accept an admittedly fake study as reality is really disingenuous to me. One of the problems with this question is that in political discussions, there are a large number of people citing studies that when you look into it, are actually completely junk, or say the opposite of what they say it does. And even if one study is done well and says one thing, that thing can still be wrong due to the vast majority of other studies disproving it. In political contexts, its often good to be a little less credulous when someone cites a random thing to you.
11:47 Okay how the f are you even measuring "science curiosity" and why isn't *that* a made-up buzz word?
How many people questioned the numbers because no references for the study were provided?
I really wonder what would happen if someone with the reach and resources of Veritasum would put this much effort into covering some of the modern practical approaches to depolarisation. Like Nonviolent Communication. There are simple solutions, that are not widely known.
Don't you need a placebo group??
I think this has nothing to do with political views, but is more about whether you think in a Bayesian way or believe more in posterior hypotheses. Or to put it more simply, when there is little data, do you believe in your own experience or this little but possibly objective data (but the data may also have random sampling characteristics).
So, people are afraid to think for themselves for the truth!  Who wants to be isolated? Right!  I guess I missed that, cause I didn’t get it  Now i understand the  “when in ROME, do as the ROMANS do”  Coincidence, the next video is a study on  “WHY YOU ARE NOT HAPPY” This video explains it - People are afraid of the truth because someone might not like what they think! And if you don’t think, you can’t get to the truth!! If It’s not about the truth, how can happiness be real?          !!!QUESTION EVERYTHING!!!
the second question is a whole lot less cut and clear. and honestly becomes meaningless in a gun control context just due to how complex crime causes are.
Am I the only 1 who thinks the question has incomplete information.
But in your experiment how did you decide on the numeracy score of the people?? Did you rate them by your self .. Just asking..
Sitting here ready for a trick question, do the math, ok I'm ready. What's the trick? There isn't one! Ah you got me!
This first question is loaded. I obviously saw the ratio right away but why wouldn’t they have just done the experiment on the same amount of people?
Why are they engaging on a theoretical study when all it is is math 😂
Were the original participants shown a graphic that suggested the treatment/control groups were the same size? My first interpretation was that the treatment makes more people better and more worse, while control is more often doing nothing.
LMAO. Does 11:46 show that Republicans who can calculate are science-ignorant? 😁 And Republicans who have a science interest can't calculate?😆🤣  Would merit another video response, Derek!
I'm smart and got it right. Really wasn't that hard of a question. I don't see how being smarter makes you worse at math when it was so simple?
Sooo... did they control for the possibility of demand characteristics? Not my field, or I'd check for myself.
I was wondering where the "no change" category was! It didn't feel like complete data otherwise, so insufficient to make a determination
Who knows...maybe this inherent ideological gridlock is what has kept us from going extinct. Maybe it's a blessing in disguise.
I would pick the second one on the first question
Invalid test. They are in fact perceived as different questions. The lack of context was used to trick them. Were they told “these are not factual numbers, it’s just a statistical example, a maths puzzle” ?. So that they didn’t feel like they were being tricked into taking a stance on camera ( and risk being editted ) on the second subject disproportionately more serious than the first.
I've always wondered since I started watching Veritasium whether he is a Democrat or a Republican.
6:33 What do you mean by “answer correctly”?
10:59 - that won't help, where do you think the "buzz words" came from in the first place? They started out as neutral terms right up until they met people who needed to object to them for reasons. Better education, especially in critical thinking, would be a much more effective option.
7:55 - please test the null hypothesis that these "trends" reflect the proposition that conservative republicans evaluate this issue entirely on the basis of preconceived ideas  and wilfully ignore any and all data on the topic whereas liberal democrats take the data into account.   Also make it clear that these trends do not indicate cause and effect: you can't tell from this graph if a reduction in perceived risk occurs because people are liberal democrats - as implied in the presentation - or the respondents are liberal democrats because they see these kinds of risks in this way. Either is possible: correlation is not causation.
If else thinking, you are providing a boolean answer for a complex question and complex questions have complex answers. Its just simple research bias to even ask these questions.
The word choice and the actual facts of the topic for the study's question feel like they were done deliberately to mess with the data. It should have been done with a topic the test takers were definitely not already informed or misinformed on.
What a weird question.  Did the people using the cream just do that because their rash was so bad that they decided to use some while the others had a rash that wasn't so bad? We don't know anything about these people.  Maybe they didn't use it correctly. The cream could make it so that more dirt sticks to the skin, making it worse. But if you had used less or had used something to cover the rash it would have worked a lot better.  Just from the numbers I would have said that a cream that performs this poorly should be fixed somehow. Better ingredients, better instructions, or whatever solve the problem at hand.  But still just from the proportions it was clear to me that 223 is only a bit more than twice as much as 107, while 75 is way more than 21 time two. You'd expect the number 75 be below 42 for it to be a good cream.  How would an intelligent person come to any other conclusion? The guy in the video could have argued that if so many people are using the cream, they must have a good reason for it. Not a good argument (argumentum ad populum) but something that certainly should be considered.
Where the hell is the tricky math question?!?
the problem I see with your question is that the control group and test group arent the same size and that is probably confusing people. if perhaps you had a 3rd column showing the total number of people in each group tested then you may have had less confusion.
Politically loyal people are more resistant to data? you don’t say!
I looked at it for 5 seconds and got it right am I stupid? 😂
I got it right. So am I dumb or smart?
Isn’t he the one who played Jorge is Narchos?
Was this not just confirmation bias?
not even a minute in and this is already a failure. The question you asked is wrong... "did the cream make the rash better or did it make it worse?" made it better for some and worse for others, but mostly better. that is the correct answer. Formulating a good question is important in these kind of things.
How to overcome that ?
I kinda went straight to wondering how many had no improvement...
I need to see a Chi-squared value for that table
OK, wait a sec. Were the participants when the question was phrased as a gun control question / variation TOLD that it was a fictitious study example? Or were they told it was real data?
I wonder how much of this study is due to being held in the US, many many countries are not this clear cut between two beliefs
What is a 223 reduction or increase in crime? 223 what? Percent? How do you compare it to a 75 increase or reduction? If your survey is incoherent, such as portraying an impossible factor, then its results are suspect.
I’m so smart I got psyched out into thinking I should throw out my logic and numeracy when answering the question and then I got it wrong… so am I smart or dumb? 😅
I was able to answer this question correctly by relating it to the F1 score concept in Machine Learning.
So if I get it wrong on purpose?
I got it right based on proportions. So am i smart or not?😂
Usually you'd want the same number of participants in both the control and the in experimental group, no?
Isn't this plain old confirmation bias?
So more of a question of "Does pre-existing bias affect judgement?"  Yes?  Though on the question of why it affects smarter people more, first... it's not smarter people, it's more educated people. Who believe that because they were educated they know better even if they were taught wrong. They will hold to the wrongness because it maintains self-worth.
The question is crap. The skin cream DOES make the rashes better
They're all wrong. There is only one question. One answer. The question is are you worthy to be saved? The answer is, always yes.
Ok but how many stayed the same?
Gets first question right, looks at title of video, goes well fk. Hears the explanation that smarter people got this one right, goes oh thank god. Then it got political, which explains irrationality.
With the first question for example, I assumed the numbers were the same since we were doing counting numbers, and people with the same condition were just excluded entirely. So the reason so many more people were in the skin cream answer was just because the differences were more negligible, so more people who used no cream had neutral conditions and weren’t counted on the list at all
Has anyone told you that you look like Rowan from Viva La Dirt League?
In the gun control example, the chart is purely subjective. In order to have a proper study, you'd have to see the before and after of the same cities. Otherwise, you could be comparing Chicago to some backwater town in Illinois and nobody knows the original sample. It's a snapshot in this, not an actual proof of effect.
I think part of the problem is if you put a camera in my face and posed me a political question I wouldn't think you're testing my numeracy I would think you're trying to ridicule me to the opposition in some way
Have the subjects been informed they were subjected to wrong information? I know some who confronted the data were informed if it was bogus, but it would not be the first time realists didn't anticipate the negative effect of the actual experiment. In Norway, a journalist project altered school (youth, non-counting) elections without considering some of the participants were eligible to vote a few weeks later.
I engage daily with people who believe the earth is flat. That's prompted me to learn related math (e.g., celestial navigation), which I've enjoyed. But it's also encouraged me to think about why I believe what I believe, and to question any ideas that I have a lot of certainty about.
I have a question. And I may be completely wrong here but here goes. With the skin cream study I assume there are an unlisted number of people that (saw no improvement) and if that’s the case without know how many people were in the study you cant draw a conclusion. Because assuming they had an equal number in each study let’s say 500 and let’s say worsening make you a double count (so 75 becomes 150 and 21 becomes 42) the cream group had 223 that got better and 75 that got worse so 202 stayed the same then we double the 75 (because they count as 2 now because they got worse) and we get 352 total with rash after cream. With the no cream group we have 107 better 21 worse total is 128 meaning 372 still have rash and after doubling the worse ones and adding them back it’s now 413 which is way more than 352 so I don’t get it.
Love your vids, but this video and title is stupid and misleading. The questions are simple and you absolutely do better when you are smarter.
So... if its fake data (regardlessof presentation), does numeracy actually apply? Maybe the reason people are leaning on intuition is because they understand that they are being lied to.
Common enemy. Problem solved. That’s why they’re questioning who the enemy is now (scientists, foreign adversaries, etc.)
Hm... I would question the approach taken here, because if somebody approaches me on the street with a camera and asks me to interpret and say something about gun control I would immediately suspect this to be some form of political agenda/a campaign thing masked as a "study" to later either make a video out of it or sell it as some form of "people said this and that" in case of a written study. The way this study and these interviews were presented to people is the most important part of the story and was left out completely at least in this video. It's of importance to know if they were very clearly told that this is a pure question about their math skills or not. If they were told about the studies goal or if it was just a complete black box on why they were questioned like that. Because with uncertainty people will rather question the intention of the question. Is it to get them to say something that is against their beliefs? Is it to test whether or not they question and challenge data presented that to their eyes seems illogical? Is it to test their knowledge? And they will also question what outcome their reply will have. Is it to try and get them to be positive a law that might get introduced? Will their reply have any influence on such a law being introduced? They will immediately jump to the conclusion that this is something politically motivated and I think it was VERY obvious that that happened to many people in the video. Those questions won't arise from a skin care cream because most people know that this will just get decided by studies from pharmacy groups and that their opinion won't change that. It is very unlikely that their opinion will be used for anything as they don't know that skin cream even if it were real. Gun prohibition is not anonymous, it's very black and white, very real and politics are 100% rooted in what people say and vote for and think. I looked at the study now and while at least the question for the skin rash is printed there, the setup for the gun question is not printed there, only a description that was basically "officials in a city try to determine whether or not to introduce a law against guns. they are looking at other cities here." I am a bit disappointed in the video.
Our biases affect our decision making?  No way!
Has this study been done in other cultures beyond the highly polarized US?
Can someone please identify the source of those two graphs at 11:41????
This segment, to be honest, I thought was a little too simplistic compared to other veritasium segments.  It seems to me that "results" and "cause" or "meaning" are the things that get confused.  In the cream example, the question is very simple - and while there are undoubtedly variables in the two groups that may or may not have been the same, crime is a very, very complext issue that may be the results of many, many variables.  So, to use your example, in the second set, if the question was, "Was the crime lower or higher in the gun control cities after the institution of the laws?" then perhaps the "correct" answer would be based upon the numbers shown.  However, the problem is when we attempt to ascribe a cause to the results - i.e., did gun control laws increase or decrease crime?  This cannot be answered in any way by the data shown; one can't even know if it is a "good" study that might even show a possibility.  Unfortunately, I believe that the authors of the study tried to find a "cause" - they tried to draw too much from a very small and highly complex issue.  And, I believe, that is a problem with many of our so-called pundits - they attempt to find causality when it is not even clear that all the important known variables (and undoubtedly unknown ones which might be evened out with a large enough sample size) have been evenly distributed between the two groups (and propensity scoring is a very poor attempt at doing such a thing).
@5:49 I don't know how to read the chart... How can crime in a city both increase and decrease?  The skin cream one I got, that's just "counting the results." But crime rates don't work that way. The chart is saying "with/without control crime went up and also down for each option." I don't get it
Not me getting all the questions right and feeling smart
I don't feel the video is right.   Not enough information is provided to reach an answer for either question. If this was a test I would fail every single person who picked a side. The only correct answer is "I need more information", "here is a list of what I need to know to reach an actual conclusion".
What are you quantifying on the gun control graph though? On the skin rash graph, each result is the amount of individual people that had that effect, but what does each number mean in the gun control one?
I think a major problem here is a distrust of science, even amongst science-savvy people.  We’ve all heard of, i.e., oil companies funding climate change research and tobacco companies funding smoking research.    If someone came up to me on the street and showed me some data that said a diet of pure sugar made people healthier - I would *immediately* start questioning sources.  I don’t think this is the wrong thing to do, either.
I do have to question your motives when your headline says "smarter people do worse" but in every graph you showed the top group "9" did the best of all groups no matter the setup, so the headline is misleading at best. I guess "Political positions affects perception" wasn't as catchy.
If there's questions like what's trending on tiktok, I wouldn't know the answer.  I don't even know what tiktok is.
So if you solve it, are you smart or dumb?
You ask for highly aware and balanced communication in a world where populism and propaganda wins😢
One thing I think a lot of commenters forget is we are viewing these questions with the knowledge of what is being studied. We know to look out for results that oppose our belief but that’s not true for participants
Realistically, a conclusion could be drawn from neither of these hypotheses. Too many variables means all data is inconclusive. Even something as simple as the rash question had too little controls to reliably prove anything 🤷🏼‍♀️ I’d be curious to see how many people like that one lady earlier in the video also came to this conclusion.
The data doesn't make any sense on the first question. This is such trash "research"
I'm sorry but, hypothetically you have 426 people for a skin cream test and your control is less than half your test sample size? Couldn't that skew your data? I'd imagine unaccounted variables would have a more noticeable impact if the sample sizes are so different. Say 20% of people have an unknown allergy to the drug. You shoved 60% of your people in one group. Every person you add to the test group increases the chance of the next having that allergy until you get one that does. Wouldn't you overpopulate the test group with unidentified variables with thus skew?
The problem is they done this near a university? 🤡🌏🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Did these guys look to see to what extent numeracy correlates to being "informed"?
People getting emotional stops them from thinking rationally? What a waste of time
I'd be curious to hear more about how they analyzed or accounted for perceived or actual expertise in the topics presented.  How many people who have genuine interest and previous experience with medical studies or skin treatments (e.g. dermatologists and people who've undergone treatment for skin conditions) were among the respondents? How familiar with gun regulation data are the respondents? Do any of them live in the cities mentioned and may they have been privy to reasons and data presented/reported before or after?   I don't think the answers to those questions invalidates the points about bias. But I do think it's important to consider the nature and sources of biases. Otherwise, we run the risk of treating biases or 'polarized positions' as equals and thus assume that efforts to engender curiosity and openness to conflicting data among differing groups will look the same.
the gun control question makes no damn sense. both city types have reduced crime? based on what? make a better question.
this is why i live by the philosophy of "question everything" even your own answers are worth looking at, since even if you're right, how did you get there? are your own biases coloring your answer? are they preventing you from really looking at all of the information in front of you?  it's all too easy to let bias control you, and unless you're willing to step back and watch for it, you may never realize it's there. if you never know it's there, you'll never be able to take control back
Bro, but am I stupid or not?
The first question itself if 8th class math🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
So the title should actually be "On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse 𝗧𝗵𝗮𝗻 𝗘𝘅𝗽𝗲𝗰𝘁𝗲𝗱" ?
How is this study determining these peoples' numeracy? It keeps relating the results to their numeracy, but how was that measured?
If you cant tell the glaring difference in these 2 questions and about their "data" you are not very bright.
“I would rather have questions that can't be answered than answers that can't be questioned.” -- Richard P. Feynman
What I find misleading about the rash question is that the two numbers that are given do not total up to the sample size. A rash does not get either better or worse, the same is true for crime.
If not mentioned and not deductible, sample sizes are assumed to be the same, which in turn makes the cream more likely to improve the skin. I argue that this is the exact reason this question was proposed. It is ironically a misleading study about the dangers of misleading studies.
I propose a different question that does not have the same flaw as either the cream or the guns:
Does spraying an apple slice with white Monster energy drink prevent browning?
By creating a question where the situation improving is not an option, the sample size becomes derivable from two data points.
What is misleading about the experiment is that they claim people's logical reasoning changes based on pre-assumptions about the subject; however, what really changes is merely somebody's interpretation of the question. Which is far less of a groundbreaking result.
confirmation bias?
There are serious methodological issues substituting a skin cream question with a gun control question. One is mechanism of action. Another is that conservatives are unlikely to trust research they perceive to come from an ideologically slanted source, I.e. academia.
The title is as much clickbait as it is false that smarter people are likelier to get it wrong.. The dumber you are, the easier it is to get a question like this wrong.
Well I did get 1st question right so does that mean I am smarter or dumber?
Don’t use trigger words like “climate change” well it was global warming but we chanced it because that triggered people should we change it again? I don’t think semantics is the problem. I think it’s a failure to be emotionally intelligent. To analyze our feelings and the fact we are all fallible to tribal thinking.
I'm sorry but this was a poorly designed experiment that doesn't actually prove anything other than that if you show random people on the street bad data presented in a purposely misleading and unintitive format and ask for a quick answer on camera of what they're looking at then yeah, you're going to trip people up
Imagine answering a math exam with your political view and expecting to pass the test.
How do you get asked the same question twice and answer differently, come on people
The question you asked was incorrect and confusing.
This will be my question to interviewees in coming weeks....nice logical reasoning question and the anwers could be very diverse
Was the sample size the same? Did everyone respond with get better or get worse? Was there a stay the same answer not in the table? Questions had to be asked.😊
In a way it’s a bit of a trick question. Demanding an immediate answer, in front of a camera, and playing on people’s assumptions that the test and control groups would be the same size.  If you explain the methodology before showing the results, ie in this case explained that the 2 groups are of different sizes, people would instantly understand the proportionality. No one should ever consume the results of for example polling, without first understanding the methodology employed.  In any case, people challenging the conduct or conclusions of the analysis is not the same as improperly interpreting the results.
I think part of the issue is that stats and numbers are not meaningful in isolation.   For example, when looking at clinical trials there is the question of significance. There might not be a large statistical significance but when it comes to something that may save lives, the clinical significance is much more important to consider. For example a treatment may only be efficacious in 1 in 100 people but is it worth it for that 1?   So when folks are looking at data that may be on a political talking point, they aren’t necessarily looking at the numbers themselves. They are considering what those numbers represent in the real world and how it impacts people.
Causation is not equal to correspondence, in the absence of other data, many presume otherwise. There are often 3rd+ inputs on a question posed on binary choices.
"What does the data show?" "Well, what does my tribe feel about that data? I must answer this correctly so that I can still be a part of my tribe. But, of course, I am very open minded!"
Barring asking random people about statistics, the questions are just not equivalent. When you ask about skin cream, it is a reasonable assumption that those are single people, the total is ~300 and ~130 for both groups. When you ask about the gun control, what are you even talking about? Is it that per capita worsened or got better? What's the size of the effect on particular city? If you are familiar with any population statistics the most rational assumption would be to take it as per 100k people delta effect, in which case the first set of number shows that gun control is a big crime increase in the first case and is a big decrease in the second example, which is the exact opposite of what you've said in the video. The only way it can be interpreted as you wanted it to, is those numbers are per city, but also controlled for size of effect and per capita, in which case it makes 0 sense to refer to it per city because it's no longer a city but some nebulous size marker. Of course there were no people that talked about that in the video and I get it, the whole idea of the video is about tribalism, I cannot help but think this is just bad science if you're going to exclude people that understand statistics from the get go. As a person that, more or less, understands a little of it, my first thought if presented with this gun statistic this way is "Are you trying to lie to me by omitting the measure/size of effect?". TL;DR Not the same questions, you would have to actually not know anything about statistics to come to the same conclusion as the video about the second question.
6:39 What in the f?
These are basic math questions. sigh.
How do we know that this video is not just your belief? Huh xD maybe you changed the data when it contradicted you
OK but how do we make the  leap between misunderstanding proportions and unrestrained hate against the other tribe? It's propaganda and manipulation that to stupid people will override even straight forward statistics.
Were they told they were fictitious studies? If not, the experimental cream is a more neutral question to look at. You have no prior knowledge of the cream's efficacy, as opposed to something like gun control.
7:04 why is the line dotted here?
The skin cream question is easy: 75% of the cream users improved, while 83% of the control group improved.  Once you apply percentage, the answer is obvious.
Stopped watching during first 'test'. What is your measure of 'smarter'? There's nothing intuitive about larger numbers indicating better when one understands the function of a control group. Not bothering to watch further.
Weren't the left sources also looking at only a single year delta instead of an administration delta?  Also the FBI quietly changed its numbers.
i do not think this proves what you think it proves  ok so you made up some fake statistics and tried to pass them off as real statistics and discovered that the smarter the person is the less likely thy were to believe your fake statistics if thy involve politics  so you leap to the conclusion that its dogma  or could it simply be the smarter the person is the more likely it is thy actually looked into the real statistics and chose to believe those instead of the fake statistics you are presenting to them  all this proves is you are more willing to take fake numbers at face value on subjects you are less familiar with
Unfortunately, it is impossible to pay for a subscription to Ground News from Russia. Then how do you strive for the truth and the creation of a transparent political arena? It turns out that you have those who are right, but also those who are the most truthful. Or maybe there are even more truthful ones? Or are there two truths?
The first question I would've asked is if the data was real, and would've instantly disregarded your guy and your survey on learning that the data was fake.
How are people this bad at reading? It feels like acedia may be a core issue here.  Surely all these people had some basic math education-- the relevant stuff is typically learned by age 7 in my country...
Is this because of political bias?  Or because people are bringing other knowledge into the discussion?
This is a stupid video. Of course when you change the question from a non-politically divisive one to one that is, people are going to interject their politics into the question and reject the data they are seeing. They will assume you are presenting them with data that does not show the full picture of the political issue at play and they are right to do so.
What if I have no political affiliation at all?
Absolute nonsense. The gun control question is confusing because of how it essentially throws up a double negative, did "negative thing" get better or worse - one way is easier to read than the other.  Had it been shootings increased/decreased, that would be a better comparative question.
I don't understand the crime numbers. What is it quantifying? Did I miss something?
Is it just me or was the cream test done in a way that couldn’t show actual differences because the test size was different?
what in the hell was this clickbait bs
The first question... proportional reading math and logic is definitely a trait of higher intelligence, though. And if you did this now, the maga people, who are demonstrably stupid, will mess up the results on the politics of the first Q lol
So what question exactly is harder for smarter people? Its just fuckin proportions wtf? Smarter ppl will do better
So how as an 11 year old I got the first question right because I did you proportional reasoning
The initial data set about cream feels incomplete. Wouldn't you also want to know the total number of people in the study and how many people how no reaction in both groups?
Unless I can break out Excel on the spot, I cannot, I will not, answer any math question.
"Smarter" people do worse or people that think they are smart really do worse? Because just see a bigger number and go for it, it's actually stupid, instead of analyzing the data.
On that first one, taking margin of error into account, I wouldn't think the cream did anything at all. It looks more like placebo effect mixed with the fact that most rashes clear up on their own in a few days anyway. Did I overthink it? LOL
I would be really interested to see you ask elected officials this question
Me purposely trying to get the question wrong
wrong question, cuz not using cream, doesnt make it worse from what alreadyis, also most people. thought the numbers were out of tje same TOTAL amount of people
If these were the questions then their participants are either not intelligent, or im one of the smartest dudes on Earth... This is the problem with most studies.. anyone who could not see the difference in those proportions aren't intelligent!!
The first test does not give you the total amount of people in each group. Without that, neither answer is right since you are just dojng worse and better, what about the no change and total people.
Would love to see the breakdown by sex…   Is there a preclusion to bias based on male/female? 🤔
Wow I got every question wrong 😅
who benefits from keeping us apart?
1. You asked the wrong questions and misled the answerers. You didn't ask "which ratio is better" you asked "has it improved". Improved from where? From the ones where it worsened? From the baseline of no change, where it was still not better and not worse? You weren't specific enough.
isnt this just 3/1 or 5/1? Knowing math still helps…
Some of those people's answers were both hilarious in how they missed the point and so so sad.  I figured out the correct answer to the first question posed but I'd love to see how I'd have reacted to all 4 questions without prior knowledge of what's correct.
can some math guy pls tell me if i'm straight up stupid or is this question easy? don't we just add the 2 numbers from e.g. experimental and then divide one of the numbers by the sum and we get the exact % of for how many people it got worse and the other way?
I have a question, why where people talking about random things? Just awnser the question, yes or no or were they asked more than just a sinple question?
I wonder if this is an American phenomenon as i doubt results would be the same in Europe
Question was, "Did the cream make the rashes beter or worse", and few minutes later u say that in coclusion the cream made the rashe ON AVERAGE worse, and thats a difference so indeed people were right
It really isnt a hard question...
"Smarter people do worse" first question literally is simple and basic math. Self proclaim smart ppl maybe. Real smart ppl didn't struggle with proportions
Who fell for the first question lmaoooo
Shows how bad politics became. Did no one ask why the sum of both groups is not equal? Is the margin the number where no change was detected? ….
They ask questions in a context that they already have an opinion on. You would think that would get the same result as this without political leaning
I thought this was going to be about True/false questions lol.
First question doesn’t give a total number per group nor a number of no-change.
Anybody else wonder where in Florida the sea level has risen in the last 10,000 years?   Maybe a sinking island in the keys? A barrier island dealing with normal erosion?   Seems like a very unscientific and imprecise example to have chosen.
Man i really hoped this video was gonna be about a question which smarter people did worse
Politicians and their media are sellers. So why do we try to selling their goods more than them. Instead of fanatically supporting them, leave them alone and see what they really offer you.
I guess by learning to answer to these questions I am getting dumber. Only if I am not dumb already.
so ´mericans even smart once can´t do 8th grade math ?
The only thing I am wondering is why didn't the skin creme study not have a placebo group?
Both questions and examples are absolutely absurd. You cannot present some 2 random numbers and present it as a data of study. If you presented me with this questionnaire, I would consider you dumb lunatic. That's not how statistics work lol. One of your weakest videos.
Veritasium: On these questions, smarter people do worse  Santa Klaus: On Dasher, on Dancer, on Prancer and Vixen, on Comet, on Cupid, on Donner and Blitzen
I have a question. What about people who don't follow either political party. Or  have a disdain for them both. Where would they lay in the data?
I am assuming this is an example of ingroup bias?  Also interesting that people let their bias cloud their judgement. You should let the numbers shape your conclusion, although you may not agree with the findings.
Am I autistic? I just did the stupid math, didn't care about what the problem was about. That lady who needed to know what kind of cream or rash was he talking about made me stop the video for a second.
Hmmmm this is interesting… what would happen if you asked people of a country where gun usage is banned by law and doesn’t have anything to do with politics? The same as the rash cream?
If the people know how to interpretation data they are fouling to question the data and reject tw study as fallacious.  This just proves people ate ignorant if they are less educated and think they k ow some thing.
If the solitary person doesn't have a tribe to fit into (solitary), then there shouldn't be a bias, because the bias is a social construct?
What does this have to do with smarter people getting it wrong? It's the complete opposite, a smarter person would get those right and not get influenced by politics.
To temper this slightly, many political statistics in the wild are deliberately misleading. I wonder if a part of the decision to lean on ideology when presented with such questions is a socially trained behaviour—the result of being fooled by misleadingly presented data in the past.
That's a dumb way to phrase the question, you said people were divided into two groups. And then in the data you showed that the groups were of different sizes.
I think the phrasing of the question is more important in this case, so the video isnt reaching a valid conclusion.
How does one include UNreported crime?
I feel like the title was overly clickbait. The questions very very easy to solve...
My question has to be why does the control group have less results than the ones using the product? Surely you should have the same total of people in each group?
You have to make a distinction between political beliefs and pure logic. The problem with the gun control question is that the way somebody thinks, their logical conclusions about their experience in life, are reflected in who they vote, obviously. But do they answer that because they vote that person, or because for them it’s not a matter of numbers but common sense? I would change my political beliefs if I were shown enough solid evidence I know is true that contradicts it, but I wouldn’t change much way of thinking, I would just realice those who align with it are not who I thought. And this also explains why people with higher literacy rates got the answer as wrong: because they tend, logically, to be more sure of what they think, as they have put more thought into it.
I thought the answer was going to be dumb like "Technically having the cream improved more people on the test than not having the cream" even if proportionally it makes things worse
Doesn't the results show the opposite of what you're claiming they show? That "smarter" people tend to gravitate towards controversial and radical solutions to societal problems, whereas "other" people tend to prefer solutions that maintain the status quo (ie tribalism)?
If you see data that proves something you don't like you'll think MUST I belive this? & check  carefully to be sure. In the opposite case you're more likely to jump to a conclusion that you do like.
Quick question: How is the numeracy score given to the individuals questioned?
Should I be happy or sad that I got the answer to this question right?
ı still cant understand how can crime increase and decrease at the same time ? it should be something like there is bunch of criminal in that city and this graphic should show us how many of them keep their criminal activity going and how many of them drop criminal activity. Crime increas and decrease doesn't make sense in a word for me .
If agreeing with people is socially smart, could that explain why I, being so out if touch socially, think so differently that anyone around me?
Why did so many more people use the cream rather than not using the cream
That proportional solution in the question about cream doesn't account for 3rd possibility - rash didn't change. I think the solution presented in the video assumes that if rash worsened even by minuscule amount that's still worsening and the same for the variant where rash becomes better. In this case we could really divide all test subjects into 2 groups - got worse/got better. However I highly doubt that it's possible to have such incredible precision.  In the problem we don't have some critical information - how many people are in each group, which would be relevant if we have that 3rd possibility where rash didn't got better or worse, i.e. stayed roughly the same. In this case each group would be divided into 3 subgroups by result - got worse, didn't change, got better. And results shown to us show only 2 of these 3 groups, which means we have no information how many people didn't have changes in their condition.  Here's an example how that would change things: Let's assume that both groups have the same number of people(we have no evidence for that, it's just an example): N = 223+75+X = 107+21+Y or we can simplify: Y = X + 223 + 75 - (107+21) = X + 170; Where X is the number of people that didn't have changes while using cream and Y - number of people that didn't have changes while not using cream. And N is the number of all people in a group which is equal to both groups. Now we'll have to split question "Did the skin cream make the rash better, or did it make worse" into two questions: 1) "Did the skin cream make the rash better?" 2) "Did the skin cream make the rash worse?" And now we can use proportions to answer both questions. Question number 1 can be answered by comparing 2 numbers. First number is - how many people got better? Second number is - how many people DIDN'T get better? For the group that used cream those numbers are 223(i.e. got better) and 75+X(i.e. got worse plus didn't change) For the group that didn't use the cream those numbers are 107(got better) and 21+Y(got worse plus didn't change) We know that Y = X+170. Let's substitute Y. so for the group that didn't use cream numbers are: 107(better) and 21+X+170=X+191 So proportionally speaking 223 over 75+X is bigger than 107 over X+191. That's also obvious from the fact that we assumed that both groups have the same number of people and 223 is a bigger fraction from the same number than 107: 223/N > 107/N (because in our case N is always positive) So the answer to the first question "Did the skin cream make the rash better?" is Yes! But it DOESN'T mean that answer to the second question is No. We can check it by looking at numbers for the second question we have: For the group that used cream 75 is how many people got worse, and 223+X is how many people didn't get worse And for the group that didn't use the cream - 21 is how many people got worse and 107+Y is how many people didn't get worse. Similarly 75/N is bigger than 21/N, so the answer for the question "Did the skin cream make the rash worse?" is also Yes! In our example skin cream accelerates both people getting better and getting worse. And in control group that didn't use cream more people kept their state unchanged. So the cream both made the rash better and worse at the same time! If you'd like to answer the initial question "Did the skin cream make the rash better, or did it make worse?" the answer is Yes😁 "Yes - the skin cream makes the rash better OR worse"😄
What can we do about political polarization? People need to learn that what they think, or feel, is not always true and to stop taking everything personally.
With the gun control question, does the study take into account the conflict with what they're seeing and the reality that they know? Was it explained that the problem is fictional and isn't expected to align with reality but should be viewed as a math problem only? If you were given a math problem that somehow showed the sun orbited the earth, you'd get messed up data because people know that isn't true. They aren't going to want to participate in a delusion unless they're assured it's all a fictitious thought exercise.
I always question my own thinking from another perspective
Not watched the whole video but isn’t the first question something to do with chi-squared?
Serious issue with study,  do the participants know its hypothetical? They may already know a wealth of statistics that contradict the info being presented
The "smarter" people are the ones who got the question wrong? Maybe you got your defintion of smarter wrong
Your “American friend”? 🤔 Are you not also American, Derek?? I always thought you were.
So smarter people are those who let POLITICS influence their decision in this simple question? Even I was saying to myself "These are not the correct index-numbers for this decision, but this does not affect anything" and noticed more crime would mean more crime with gun with greater probability for injury. I know smart people can manipulate the numbers to get their desired results but those are truly clever would really know there is no way to describe a complex problem with one simple number.
This seems like a false equivalency because testing one variable with a skin cream where as the other is something that has more variables to assess making people innately suspicious of the question.
I dont know if im wrong, but i feel there is also a semantics issue here? Really, given how the question is poised, either answer would be correct from an absolute standpoint or a relative standpoint.
The rash cream question is flawed because you don't say if the groups are the same size or not. You don't show the number of people who saw no change.
Question. Is there a difference found in neurodyvergient people or didn't the study look at this?
The skin cream thing is entirely hypothetical. The people being asked have no preconception of whether this (fictitious, unnamed) experimental skin cream is effective or not. It's easy to be impartial, not just because it's apolitical, but because the topic is entirely alien. We have no biases, and we also have no knowledge of it aside from what's presented in the chart.  But when you make it about gun control, the numbers are misleading. They're fictitious. Gun control is real, and there's real data about it that the people questioned may already be familiar with. I majored in Law Enforcement Technology in college, and I write extensively on gun policy topics, so I've read the crime stats. I've read different studies. When I was a police officer, I used to analyze and help track these statistics first-hand. I already have pre-formed ideas about this topic, not because of political allegiances, but because I've STUDIED the matter. So my first reaction upon seeing your numbers would be disbelief, no matter how you labeled it, because I've already seen the real numbers, and I know the general consensus among researchers is that gun control has no significant impact on crime rates one way or the other.   Low-numeracy people, however, are far less likely to be statistics geeks who study this kind of thing. And therefore, they're going to be more easily swayed by your false data.
If you ask asian they alway use math skill or just don't even use brain at all, there's no in between
The people trying to uncover the meaning of fictional numbers… just answer the damn question!
what about the group in which the cream did nothing? Normally treatment arms are equally distributed. If you assume that, then the cream worked better (though with some risk).
I don't understand how it is possible that 2/10 of the people who scored 9/9 in numeracy score could get the cream question wrong.
I would always question the consistancy because the numbers arent even, therefore i cant really say if its worse or not
Has this been tried outside USA…?
The question becomes, where are you getting the stats in the first place?
An experiment determined biases exist and inhibit reason and logic. Really. Instinct makes us hostile to anything that threatens our world view, nice thing about being human? Instinct does not control us. Ask someone WHY they believe something, different from you. Don't interrupt them, don't try to change their mind... just listen.
this problem is so easy just think a little and you get it You just need a bit of logic, but if you are truely good at math then logic shouldn't be a problem at all
It's probably because the question is defined in a way that doesn't make sense. There's a dozen ways to quantify "Did the cream make the rash better or worse", and which one you choose gives an entirely different answer.
Why have 2 parties
the issue is that with a rash cream study, in theory, all variables would have been eliminated to the best of their ability as is typical with drug trials and medical studies. with a gun control study, you can't eliminate many variables nor do you solve with any of the issues that come with cause and effect and the pseudoscience of sociology
STEM here with a generally good numeracy level. I gave myself a couple of seconds pausing the questions. Although I got them right in the end, I can say for sure that the moment the question went from creams to guns, my brain instantly started freezing and it took me more effort to figure it out. And i also had the benefit of hindsight.
can we call that numeracy skills? idk. that’s an extremely simple problem
I don't get what's so complicated about the data given. Don't people understand fractions?
9:23 Your team asked about about evidence though, right? Not a random power point slide.
Why did I find it so easy to understand the first scenario and so hard to understand the second?
My first thought when he said "tracking crime rates in cities" was "By what metric? Did they just decriminalize certain behaviors to make the numbers look lower or did they lock up criminals?" There are so many statistical loopholes and linguistic tricks political groups can use to paint the picture the way they want.
Sorry, but smart people are not getting the first question wrong. It’s basic maths. Smart people don’t just pick the biggest number.
Always asking random morons on the street lol... Look beyond, government always wants to get bigger, why would you believe anything they say? Basic reasoning reveals everything plain and simple.
For the skin cream problem is impossible to know with that data, what if the control group has healthier skin overall? You have to consider other factors
The findings here don't have a lot of backing, because it isn't that it's a simple question. It's that it's a question without a lot of the data. It's about as bad as showing a bar graph, but the axis aren't titled.
Does that also mean that i got it right so I am dumb
Awesome, as always. But I have a question. If a rash is improved... does that mean that more rash occurs (since the function of the rash is to... be rashy?)? If the rash worsened it would mean it is disappearing.
So the test is for math mathing, while using fake info? Sounds like a test to see if anyone can spot that all provided information is misinformation or not. And when people start balking when the test turns political is it really a surprise? Even factual data and statistics can be manipulated in bias and favor of the one who compiled it
Following the tail-end of numerous incidents of research data fraud, P-hacking,  plagiarism and cherrypicking, as well as the replication crisis - should we still buy the conclusions brought forth by this research?
And these people who can't even think rationally for a simple question about proportions are allowed to vote.
I'm over here immediately asking questions like "Why are the number of people in each test group so drastically different?" and "What about people that saw no noticeable change?" Turns out it's not that complicated 😅
Great video, I don't like the gun control example though - it's so difficult to imagine a true randomized controlled trial with such policies. I think it's natural to jump to all the justifications like the guy at 6:37. We are also trained to question the spin of statistical results on highly charged issues because it is always present.
Well the question is of sociology not a medical control vs test. It is natural to apply opinions and try to reason the data when it relates to human behaviour. Even though there are confounding factors in drug trials it doesn’t have to do with political considerations. It is also harder to relate the gun control issue to a test vs control case.
I myself wouldn’t typically misinterpret the data, but I’d be more likely to question its source and if it was collected correctly if it was supporting something I believe to be incorrect currently. Only a conglomerate of studies done by many different parties can really prove something, especially something with a political context.
could high numeracy ppl be intentionally misrepresenting the data?
The peoblem is, you defend a creed, or facts?  You reqlly understand the causes behind the facts, or you believe in someone that told you the cause.  You read a causality based study, or a human conclusion, with not MERELY AND UNIQUELY AND ONLY, MATHS and zero theories of origin of stuff.
People may not be aware just how ignorant Americans are at statistics and proportions. This question was a joke so easy for any science or math graduate.
1)My mind is an organized mess I can’t explain even to myself.  •Bigger Number. I thought as it was said. Also before it was said. •Wait a minute. Words are only words. Can u show me the proof? Show me more data? Also the data is just words. It up to u to decide if the words are true or false.  •Why the beep should I care? I do not use skin cream for anything. U Lying sack of potatoes. •Conclusion these thoughts already occurred to me, but not in those exact words. Because of what I learned throughout life.  2)U can take things away from people. But people will always find ways to get back what was taken from them.   3)Which is true sentence is true? Which sentence is false?   A) 5 is a number and also a word.   B)Five is a number and also a word.  4) Is sentence? 1) Prison. (2)Judgement.  (3) words put together to from a sentence. (4) all of the above? (5)None of the above (6) How should I know?
I can do simple math like this in my head, however If my beliefs disagree with your outcome a will generally question how the study was performed.  I also already use Ground News.
This video is the danger of putting too much stock in behavioral research. Behavioral experiment design is often lazy, and usually flawed even when it isn't lazy due to the sheer difficulty of capturing such a complex emergent phenomenon.  It's important to note that, simply in the interpretation of statistical data, the question is VERY materially different when asking about a controlled medical trial of a skin cream to treat rashes vs when it is about a diff-in-diff test on the effect of a policy on a tertiary statistic with no specific details offered.  When you ask them about the skin cream, they imagine a controlled medical trial, where the experiment design is such that other possible impacts are minimized.  The cream is (ostensibly) intended to directly cause one of the two possible outcomes. The outcome is a simple and single observable event in each observation. The 'improvement' of a rash is something which is easily understood...it is less visible and/or causes less discomfort. There is no room for interpretation here. When you ask them about the gun laws, none of that is true. The person imagines a very different data generating process. There is no controlled experiment, so the cities are different and in different places, have different cultures, demographics, and histories and different events between the passing of the law and the observations, etc. Also, the laws are likely different in important ways, and so less perfectly comparable. Not only that, but the legal status of gun in the various cities probably varied quite a lot BEFORE the laws were passed, anyway. The law is, at best, intended to INdirectly cause one of the two possible outcomes, with multitudinous omitted variables that active political participants (particularly the more numerate ones) are used to thinking about frequently. And finally, the outcome observed is a simple count of whether or not crime "improved" in each city, with no context, specificity, or detail concerning what the hell that actually means. Were there fewer crimes committed? What kinds of crimes are counted in the analysis? Did the other kinds of crimes also decrease? Was it a reduction in crime severity? Maybe it caused fewer crimes to be reported? What about arrest/conviction rates? You get my point.  The problem is not that numerate people are more polarized. It's that numerate people recognize that the "correct" answer to this question is meaningless and intellectually dishonest without additional context. The asker refuses to provide the necessary contextual information, and so the numerate person inserts their preferred context, which will force the interpretation that the grossly over-simplified (but intended) conclusion which opposes their political position is in fact unreliable. You see it in the video interviews here...THIS claim of unreliability is the 'wrong' answer. They don't misread the numbers. They don't get the answer wrong. They turn the unanswerable question into an answerable one by adding context. It's the fault of the researcher for not recognizing the importance of that context. Then they treat it as though they have found some ground-breaking evidence for systematic cognitive bias in intelligent people and go around giving TED talks and feeling like they're important researchers...
In the experiment, are the numbers presented as a _hypothetical_ scenario, or as the results of an actual study?  If the latter, then the question is no longer about math, but about all the ways in which polls can be manipulated to support a political goal—a topic about which those with higher numeracy skills are probably the most familiar.  Meanwhile, those with the lowest numeracy skills would have the least insight into how polls work, and as a result they are more likely to accept the data as-is and just treat it like a math problem.
The study didn't include the same number of samples for the Control and Variable groups? WTF?
0:20 Me wondering if I'll get them wrong or right, and feeling conflicted anticipation.
The problem is that this isn't a perfect comparison and the gun control question was more confusing. I didn't even realize for a second that we were counting numbers of cities instead of people or percentages and was wondering how it made sense.
for the first time, ive been saddened by being able to answer one of his questions.
The problem with the study is that it uses false information.  Asking people about false information, when they know or believe the information is false, just shows that people cannot draw any conclusions based on the false data and will default to their beliefs (wrong or right).
But your "evidence" is BS.  So, you're calling people biased when you give them made up "facts"?
Its impossible to get the first question wrong if you have some decent knowledge in mathematics
i dont why would anyone not take proportion into account , my first thought itself was whats the ratio.
The problem with political questions and numeracy, is that we especially with guns we know which example would be true.
0:49 Why are there different group sizes?
Clickbait title. 'Smart people' do worse on these questions when compared to other 'smart people' in different conditions. Findings were that 'smarter people' had around the same accuracy as those lower on the numeracy scale in certain scenarios. Overall, 'smarter people' did better.
I like how in the skin cream question those with 0% numeracy skills got the right answer 50% of the time
I wish there were data points for centrists
Intelligent people usually don't stop to answer random people's questions while being recorded.
1:50 No....not at all. The question being did the cream make the rash better or worse? The answer is it did both. Moving forward would be to determine WHY it made some better and some worse. The hypothetical experiment data is incomplete to answer the question and that is the correct answer.
I've selected no cream the second option because I thought the proportion in no cream is higher than with cream, does that mean I'm dumb 😢
Am I stupid or smart because I looked at the 221:75 and 201:21 ratio for the skin cream question?  XD
the nunmber of cases/failure decreased from 83% to like 73%, is a 10% decrease worth it to justify, doubling the total cases? i think not. idk if It's rational, but that's how i think
This certainly makes me wonder what I would say if I was presented this fake “study” and data given the political stance.
The problem is that you're asking a question with an already known answer. Larger cities, with more severe gun control have massively increased gun violence. This has been known since gun control legislation took off in large cities. To interpret the fake data presented, the responder has to forget what they know the answer already to be and address a hypothetical antithetical to an already known and solved problem. With the skin cream, nobody is interested in the topic or knows about some new hypothetical skin cream like they do with gun control. It'd be the same with any political, or a-political question where the answer is already known.
How many of the numerate people also  know about statistical significance?maybe when they see something counter to their beliefs they are reminded of statistical significance?
So am I smart or dumb for knowing the cream did more harm than good?
@2:15 "are smart people ruining democracy?" Short answer is yes. The long answer is also yes.
Ask anyone who works construction and have done so for several years what they think of college educated engineers who have never picked up a hammer a day in their life. Being "smart" doesnt mean you are fully educated.
My first thought with the skin cream question was that the control and test groups should be equal in size and that the number of people who experienced no change in their condition must be missing. 😅
Does it say anything about me if when I saw the numbers I said this doesn’t tell me much because it isn’t a large enough sample size and then immediately asked why are the sample sizes so drastically different
What are the units in the gun control version of the table? Number of crimes committed? Number of cities? That table doesn't make that much sense compared to the cream thing. The US doesn't even have that many cities unless you count suburbs maybe or small towns
4:34 how many people did you survey?
I like this type of video the mental challenges
All of this is assuming that "better" means the higher ratio of better to worse. I would argue that the use of these ratios does not accurately portray the viability of the skin cream. Were the two groups equal in quantity? Because if so, there is a large number of people who didn't get better or worse and still have a rash. So many more questions including type of cash, type of cream, whether or not the rash is diagnosed and then the cream prescribed, etc. Maybe I am just proving the point of the video here, but this data as presented is inconclusive.
For the skin cream question, I thought that the cream actually improved rashes because the numerical data makes it look as though there was a lesser sample size for the non-skin cream group and because I myself have complications with some skin care ingredients so perhaps the efficacy of the skin cream is high, just that it may contain an ingredient that may be a common allergen or irritant to most people 🤷‍♀️   But I guess if you were to solely base your answer on the data alone, the answer shown in the video would be the correct way to interpret it.
What people who switch from one party to the other?
No criticism or judgement, just pure curiosity: what are your political beliefs?
Are the amount of people in both the test and control groups the same? Even if that study was real how can it reach that kind of conclusion when the amount of people on the groups are different?
This is like asking people on the economy. The government argues that if you ever recover from a disaster, it was definitely all the government's fault. Definitely not individual people working to better themselves in spite of government obstacles.
Are we going to get the continuation for the strange physic principles that shape reality?🗿
Im sorry im sorry but for the cream one wouldn't using all the data signify you're more intuitive and you actually get it right? I'm so confused.
It helps to be expecting a trick question.
Are we forgetting that we have no control data? I see placebo and product but no control.
Why just use firearms as the example and not, say, puberty blockers on mental health? I imagine the graph might be similar but with line colours switched.
Did they just measure IQ and call it numeracy to not offend people? I just divided the top row by 2, since 223/2 was close to 107, and 75/2 was way bigger than 21.
the reason those with high numeracy did relatively worse on the political question was because they did so well on the apolitical one. Whereas the low numeracy people didn't do that well with either question. Basically all people can be affected by bias and answer wrong but only smart people can answer right when unaffected by bias.
Qs 1: if you do a little math, when cream is used, 25% of the total people in "cream used" group, reported worsened rash. When cream is not used, 16% of the total people of "cream not used" group, reported worsened rash.  So, yeah, cream did not work. ( is this calculation correct?)
Ok I thought the question was harder. It was just fractions. No statistics, no twists in how it was phrased.
This makes me question how the numeracy was graded and how many people fell in which categories. The point made is not nearly as strong if 50% or more of people were 9's and above
This video is perfect example of its content, the problem is not creme, guns, but the question itself. Dumb undefined question means vast difference in answers. Did the creme help , yes , why , bigger Sample size more people used IT, when you ignore the worsening , IT helped more people just by default. The problem is not the Topic, political learning, but being unable to comprehend how other people think and being unable to ask Concrete question that is really Well defined.
i have never been more disappointed in myself for getting every question right
Some college students randomly started to ask me a question on the street and I ran, assuming there was a hidden cam for youtube or something like that.
I don't know about all of you, but I had a euphoric moment when Veritasium confirmed that I got the skin cream question right.
The gun control question is a funny one, because in both cases do gun control and no gun control increase crime, meaning that whatever you had before hand might've been the perfect balance between gun control and no gun control. I think such numbers are harder to interpret than the hand cream one. Placebo is really important for interpreting data
Without knowing how many are in the group's, and how long each group was tested. As well' what allergies or environmental factors are present'? - then u cant' come up with a reasonable answer.. 😢
As an autistic person, honestly I would stunned trying to understand, the context of the question presented. Like for the cream example. 1. What kind of cream is this? While I don't believe someone would make a cream to induce skin rashes, it is the question. 2. Wdym by improving? Does the rash eliminated when 'improved' ? 3. If the population of the experiment isn't the same, how it tackle variations? Like not everyone is compatible to a certain skin care.  The last but not the least. 4. Why you're asking this?
Wait if you answer this question correctly   Are you stupid or are you intelligent enough to think like a stupid?
What this shows is that educated political-savvy Americans have learned how to manipulate political polls. There is also something extremely weird in this data in that conservatives below numeracy 8 score below 50% (chance) and social-liberals similarly score worse than chance up to numeracy 7. For the skin cream question, these numbers are numeracy 6 for Democrats and numeracy 7 for Republicans. It is quite surprising that respondents should underperform raw chance by such a large degree, to me much more surprising than the headline result that people give the "correct" (political) answer to political questions rather than the correct (mathematical) one. I think we have known and understood this latter phenomenon for some time and pollsters even add corrections to the raw data to account for it before publishing.
How is the ham hammered comparison of 223 and 107 intuitive exactly? The most intuitive thing is to look at proportions. Like what even.
If anyone remember recently there's a paper on how well LLM reason with questions that have distracting/irrelevant data  (i.e. Asking for count of fruits but giving information of the size of it reduces accuracy)   This is quite similar to that actually, changing the subject of the question so that people are thinking irrelevant data that affects their accuracy.
If you ask people about their political inclinations prior to presenting the data, then are you not anchoring their minds to think in that aspect in the first place?
My common sense immediate answer to the first question is that the cream made it worse because of the ratio. I thought it has to be more than that judging from the tit6so I thought it was something complicated or there was word play but I was right from the start.
ties this somewhat in to the "dunning-kruger effect"?
And where are the smart people that got it wrong??
I find it funny that I did the math differently and still came to the same answer to the skin cream question.  Don't know how I might have done on the gun version.  But I do know the gun question is many times more difficult to have a control group, which in turn changes the experiment.
But when are the fake surveys and people's opinions compared to reality?
So in the study, did the participants know they were looking at hypothetical numbers or did they think they were real?
The core of the issue you were poking around in this video is more specifically an issue of trust than tribalism. Too many people have seen an ever increasing number of reports and findings where both present polar opposite results or the results presented don't match that individual's lived experience in some way. Therefore when presented with some new finding about a nearly innumerably faceted topic like gun control, there will be many willing to see the findings, but they will view them with the utmost level of suspicion and not change their minds on the spot.  Again, because they will have seen a number of other sources that say otherwise and they trust more.  To include sources not directly speaking to the topic at hand (the many faceted aspect).  Like a blister caused by bad footwear takes time to heal, so too will it take an incredible amount of time for people to begin simply being open to trusting information that conflicts with things that have become part of the tribal/political/cultural war.  Trying to figure out some brainy new persuasion technique to get them on side will only serve to continue and escalate the conflict.  For gun control specifically, one question that basically nobody asks is, "Why does somebody living in the middle of the swampiest swamp, the most deserted of deserts or the woodiest woods of trees need to be saddled with the access restrictions whose stated goal is historically to limit the number of kids being killed by guns in the inner cities?" Most people would point out, "I haven't done anything wrong.  Why am I being punished for the problems of people I will never have any interaction with , and likely will never meet?" That question is the seed of the tribal thinking. By eroding people's trust in information by presenting them with half-truths in both directions and then forcing the issue with a massive legislative overreach that extends the "solution" over people who feel they don't need/deserve it, the proponents of gun control (the ones advocating for the largest change in this case) are actively creating the tribal mentality in both groups.  Something that should not be but is because, again, too many incomplete truths in the sources means nobody really trusts any of the sources anymore.
Actually I’d be interested to find out if these studies could be replicated throughout different cultures and countries, or is it culturally specific, etc.
My first thought about the problem was why are the sample sizes not the same lol you cant get accurate data on with one sample size being almost 3x's the others
Could this help explain why the "Experts Are the Worst Forecasters" as well?
Somwhow Veritasium is justifying it is ok to believe even if the evidence is on the contrary?
Confirmation bias is a real threat to science and society. The only remedy is (unbiased) education and teaching of statistics skills. The question here is: how do we ensure unbiased education of competent teachers? To me, this is the most important thing that ultimately determines the existence of a healthy and robust society. (Unbiased) Education, the most important resource there is
Non-political question: tries figuring out what the numbers mean  Political question: ignores the numbers completely
Are "Smarter People" in the room with us?
If I have barely any friends, does that mean I'm smarter or dumber? Or does just asking this question prove I'm dumb?
I got the math part right but took a while to answer the text based question 😂
Is this about the G spot?
its like when u ask chat gpt why it gave u a wrong awnser xD
btw doesnt the skincare one not show a statistically significant difference?
Really should have showed us the gun control question first to see if we fell for the same thing
Can anyone tell me if there’s a flaw in my logic here? - my brain immediately compared columns instead of rows, so instead of finding the ratio between improved/worsened for each option, I found the ratio between the improved and the ratio between the worsened.  Basically, ~219 to ~107 is like 2x, while 71 to 21 is like 3x. So for the very first example, I figured it the “worsened” tripled while the “improved” only doubled, then it’s obviously making things worse overall.    I think it prob had to do with the fact that the numbers just stood out as easier to compare in this order than the other order, and of course it works in this example, but is there any reason this rationale could fail that I’m not seeing?
I wonder how those with Autism would fair? I've read we are less susceptible to advertising. Personally the difficulties with social rules and communication have caused me to offend people simply because I question what doesn't make sense. I lean heavily on rationalizing everything, which is not always a good thing because feelings help us know what is important individually. My time in therapy has allowed me to be in greater touch with my feelings and allow for more personal growth. The self is not a static thing, it can and does change. Since I also have a background in biology, I always accept that new info. has the possibility of changing how we view the world.
Attending medical school and being a gun owning centrist who favors better gun monitoring without limiting control really prepared me for these questions
It’s a click bait title, I got the question right because I know how math works. Don’t be stupid
It’s not that smart people can’t get the question right more easily, it’s that they might not know who you are, if your a publishing company, if the how you answer the question is not for a YouTube vertasium video but a news source. If your smarter, your more than likely considering more variables in that moment. The sample population also matters, what population you can generalize this to, to make an inference could be much smaller than who you are saying.
The framing is dishonest because it conflates correlation with causation. Even in the skin cream example, it could've been a placebo since we're making up numbers anyway. The "good faith" is that the skin cream has a chemical and therefore reasonable effect on the skin whether that's good or bad. For guns, then yes, the "good faith" is to assume both cities are equal in all possible factors other than guns, which seems much more of a stretch. For one city to pass a ban on guns and another not to would require a number of other circumstances that would almost certainly make those cities not equal if we're being practical, which is how both sides interpret this question.
For skin scream one, this proportion could’ve been too small to be statistically significant, but if we’re just raw doging it, rash didn’t improve it because the of the proportions for each group, a better experiment would’ve been to get a bigger sample size for group that didn’t use it, the question can be confusing.
This is NOT exactly the same data and question. It's a fallacy.
I'd be the a hole who wants to see the source of the study. .
This kind of question is included in Chinese high school math textbooks. They technically know how to deal with it. Just need a little time calculating 🧠
Is ground news only for america?
once you've gone through losing your social group bc you questioned your beliefs and stop believing what they believe...you understand why people hold on even when presented with evidence to the contrary.
It baffled me how many people in the comments are talking about how the gun control and cream studies are wrong or not done well, ignoring that they are *fictional* studies made up for this experiment.  This is a simple math question. No one is asking about whether the study will change your views, or sources, or anything beyond the fact that it's a *SIMPLE MATH QUESTION.*
The only right answer is that no single study could possibly give the correct answer to "does gun control cause an increase or cause a decrease in crime". You can't reason by pure correlation you need to demonstrate a chain of reasoning a causual link from a to b. That is much much more complicated than a single piece of data.
this is a very basic statistics question. random people you find on the street are not "smarter people".  anyone who had a basic statistic class in high school can answer that. Oh the participants were american, it all makes sense now.
So, the counterintuitive result is that higher intelligence tends to increase tribalistism?
The problem isn't about how 'smart' they are, it's about how good they are at removing their belief from the question. Like a scientist trying to prove a hypothesis rather than testing a hypothesis. Numeracy intelligence isnt the same as emotional intelligence
I feel like “getting the question wrong” seems a bit misleading because the people with high numeracy are still getting it “right” in the sense that they know what the quantitative conclusion from the evidence is but they are more likely to question sources etc. Questioning sources of data is not a bad thing if you are able to be rational about the outcome of this investigation of the data sources/collection mechanisms etc. I’d be more interested to know how this shakes out when people are shown more information (sponsors of the “studies,” reasonable or unreasonable data collection mechanisms etc) to see if they can sort out the correct answer under those circumstances. Obviously that’s a more challenging study to conduct but I don’t think the conclusion here is that people with high quantitative reasoning skills do worse, to some extent they are simply addressing the fact that in real life you do need to consider more information (like what are the researchers coding as gun violence vs not). These questions are inherently more nuanced than asking about a creams effectiveness since there’s an entire control group and with enough sample size you can simply rule out minor variations like if one participants switched laundry detergent during the experiment and that impacted the result
Isn’t this the whole idea of the straw man argument? Where you create a fake situation to prove bias? Which is essentially exactly what you did with the guns.
Is that Benedict Cumberbatch in the thumbnail 😂??
So if I get this right am I smarterer or dumber
If changing skin care to gun control doesn't affect my reasoning at all am I autistic or something? Or is everyone else just really stupid? The question is supposed to be a maths question, I'm struggling to see why anyone is even looking at the words.
In the gun control example what are the numbers? Like for the skim scream example it was the number of patients whose condition improved/didnt improve. What are the numbers in the other example? Percentage? No. Of crimes? I mean that changes the whole way i look at it. Also what do you mean by "crime improved"? The number of crimes improved (more crime) or the crime situation improved(less crime)?
I think this question is very ambiguous and is not a well made question. It depends on how someone might think of the question, rather than the question having a concrete answer. Stupid video.
The two questions are not equitable, and the result are extremely predictable.  If one has no beliefs, one can easily just choose the correct response according to the numbers.  However, the stronger the bias a person has for a particular result, the more likely it is that they will challenge the SOURCE of the numbers if they cannot refute the actual numbers in order to confirm their own bias.  This is a problem that is almost impossible to overcome.
That's not conclusive because the guys who didn't have the cream know they didn't have the cream so it's not a blind study ?
How are we determining numeracy?
my immediate reaction to the cream example was that you dont know if rashes just improve by themselves or by some other factor
Is this a re-upload? I could swear I've seen this video before
For the first question, my brain just went "How many people are in each group?"
How did Veritasium find people who ranked between 0 and 10 on Numeracy scores? And what does that mean? Is 0 someone who can’t even add or subtract, and 10 is someone with a PhD in statistics? And they found enough people in this video to make the results statistically significant?  Or did they NOT classify the people they interviewed at all?
Does this mean that democracy is flawed, and science and mathematics should be the guiding factors rather than people's opinions?
What was the correct answer on gun control?
Quite stupid research, it is because the  question about gun is not only matematical, and people use additional knowledge they know about the question
What i'm wondering: Would the results be different in countries where there aren't just two very polarized sides to chose from.
How is it that the numbers of results from the skin cream tests were not the same for each group? Surely the skin cream group and the control group were an equal size as the diagram showed?  And yet we had 298 results from the skin cream group and only 128 from the control group. We need to know the numbers whose rashes stayed the same to find out the true answer to this question.  However based on these incomplete results, a smaller proportion showed an improvement (223  out of 298) with the skin cream and a bigger proportion (107 out of 128) showed an improvement without the skin cream.
It’s kinda interesting when ever I used to work on word problems with data one of the main steps was removing the words and just focusing on the numbers
Why is the 2024 US election results info thingy on this video?
Has this been tested where the political divides are not binary?
Did you notice the conservative were generally mistaken?
I hate that skin cream question. Was the total number of people in cream group different from the no cream group? Or were the totals the same and there was an obscured "no change" effect that some people had?
glad i solved the skin cream thing :D   ps the question asked: "did the skin cream improve or worsened rash" it did not specify placebo or not so uh......
How did they find out the numeracy score?
I was thinking of what the total sample was... like is there a group for where the results were the same as before.
I don’t know if it is because I was told it is not an easy answer, but I figured it would make the rash worse right away because the proportion of people that got worse is almost double the proportion of people that got better.  It may be because we were prompted that it is a trick question tho.
Also, I would’ve gotten the question wrong, for sure.
Do other people really think the different sides of the political spectrum are that different?
This research seems to jump to conclusions too fast. Maybe people started to doubt the results and didn’t just misinterpret them? What would happen if the subject of the questioned research were relatable but not political? How many people took into consideration the possibility of false positive since there is no p-value presented?
One problem with such a question on political topics is that the "data" seems overly simplified and people know about too many situations of skewed or tampered data that then points towards a result that does not match with reality. The potential conflict with reality and a mistrust for random data make such questions "rigged" for failure.
My issue is that “Crime improved” and “Crime Worsened” are not somewhat nebulous and not the same as “increase” and decrease” or “gun deaths increased/decreased.”
So who did the author vote for? The video only shows signs with Harris
Is this subjectivity to objective results?
That’s Clickbait 101 😅, TLDW: people tend to be biased when answering questions…
my first thought was.. why is there a different sample amount to each? Are there people missing from the chart that maybe had no improvement or worsening?
This study and the result dosent have anything to do with high or low numeracy scores. The only thing this shows is how bias people in US are when answering question no matter what the question is. The math is basic elementery level, but somehow people in US dosen't seem to be able to just evaluate the numbers and provide an answer based on the facts given, they weigh in personal opinion and their political views.
Rash improved or worsened, but never stayed the same? Alright, bro.
Am I the only one who got the skin cream question wrong because I assumed that the control groups were the same size, and that there was an unseen number of people for whom the cream did nothing?
1:20 why do we always center the human when talking about a rash “improving“? From the perspective of the rash an improvement would be growth and intensification, no?
I have a problem with "human made riddles" because they are made mostly from nonsense .
The question about cream is crafted in such a way to make it obscure. If data be given in percentages, like w/ cream: 75% improve, 25% worsen no cream: 84% improve, 16% worsen The answer now is obvious  Regarding the political questions, as a scientist who is funded by politicians you just chose the way you present the data, to make propaganda the one way or the other
does absolutely everything in usa have to be political ffs
So when the number of people whose rashes got worse is higher in the group that didn't use cream how is that better?
Tell us please was there a single person who asked to show the study?
I would not have understood the gun control question. What do the numbers represent?
When you make it political it's no longer a math question, you're just asking them to rationalize their viewpoint. And when you ask a political question, you're implied to have an agenda - which (rightfully) leads people to distrust the data.
For the first question, the skin cream didn't affect the control group at all. For the group which it did - or might have - more improved than worsened.
I don’t think the two questions are equivalent. Skin rashes evolve over time due to immune system working. Crime rates in control groups? There is no reason for it to be 100 vs 20 when nothing has changed, it just doesn’t make sense.
So smart people are reluctant to believe false data presented in the context of a stranger contradicting all of their established knowledge?   Tell me again how this is a win for taking smart people down a notch? You should be open minded and open to being wrong but that is not the same as blindly accepting a new datum as definitely true.
The problem in this test is that people are presented data that might conflict with their previously held beliefs. You are essentially asking an opinion. Nobody has previously held beliefs about an anonymous skin cream, where you are asking an interpretation of the data.
is smarter the right term here?
Isn't this study basically about cognitive dissonance?
The ratios are in favor of the no cream group. Is it really that hard?
maybe they noot confidennt that why did thhey puut thheir numereccy at thhat raate?
The gun control question has a major difference from the cream question you didn't acknowledge. For the cream, which participant goes into which group is decided *randomly*, but for gun control, which city passed gun control legislation is nonrandom; it depends on the politics of that city, which is correlated with all sorts of factors that could also affect crime trends. You're comparing a randomized controlled study to an observational study, and they are not the same. So the answer in the gun control case is no longer clear math, it's only suggestive evidence. So it's reasonable for statistically educated participants say you'd have to look at other factors too before drawing a conclusion.
This for me is another example of overconfidence in intelligence. If you got this question right you are smart, because you analyzed the data correctly and got the logical conclusion. Acknowledging your own ignorance and accepting that you could be wrong no matter the topic is the most intelligent thing a person can do
I dunno, I'm no genius and I still got the rash cream question wrong.
i mean doesnt it make sense that people look at absolute numbers more than relative numbers when it comes to crime, death, terrorism,.. a lower increase of crime, even tho it isnt proportionately lower, is seen as better
Anyone with a score of I don't know, 6 or above, on their numeracy scale should get the question right at least 95% of the time (sometimes people misread things).   Above an 8 they might being up a chi squared test and find that the result is significant at p<0.05.
I did not get on which questions smarter people do worse.
Unfortunately UofA was the wrong place to ask a math question. Do the same survey at Harvard of the east not the west.
See if I got the political one I'd be like how do you know the crime decreased? How can you count that? You can't count that.
Thought provoking, so is there a voting method/political party system better than the current?
What do we do about this? This time try this: learn from your mistakes.   Or don't and persist in calling more than half the country "Nazis" while sponsoring race riots, protests, sending fake text messages, _CONSTANTLY LYING_ , etc.
Can you cover some topics for women? Your videos are absolutely knowledgeable and the way you convey your content is very inspiring! But i wish there were more for women too - like why we need more sleep than men? How our contractions are so similar to menstrual cramps? Or different? It would be really neat to have on your channel, I think. Have a wonderful day! 🌸
And after the debates were over, the FBI admitted the data they had released was wrong, crime did increase, Trump was correct. Did they deliberately lie? That is the real question.
In gun control, i felt the puzzle became 5 times harder just because no one uses gun control as an example for things like probability. Plus i never trust political statistics so i just subconsciously start overthinking.
Are there explanations other than tribal mentality for this phenomenon? For example, if you ask a physicist if this data shows if the earth is flat or not, that’s not tribal thinking. She’s already seen plenty of data, so the new data is an outlier. (I’m not saying this disproves the thesis of this video, just curious how it fits)
The problem here isn't in the people answering. It isn't in bias. It isn't in intelligence. The problem is in the question, which is does not define what better or worse means, while also creating a false dichotomy by using the word "or."  The question should be, is using the cream is better at improving the rash. And a separate question, does using the cream make the rash worse. The answer to both questions is yes.  If they want a correct answer regarding ratio then the question need be about ratio.  What's funny is that this study is almost like projection. Studying the publics ability to read and dissect information in order to find bias. While internally being unable to probably write and describe information, then assuming this error didn't exist, itself a bias.
Are they talking about manipulating the data according to our beliefs and rather we should try to manipulate our beliefs according to the data.
Thr skin cream question totally  just shirt circuits my brain. Feels like there's way too much missing information, no? Were there different numbers of people tested betweent the groups? Did everybody either improve or worsen, or did some have no change at all?
Is this not just confirmation bias? As with the solutions? Each side will just weaponsise your currently "not loaded" term.
Am I the only one who often click video in this Channel without reading the titles? Its more interesting that a sudden topic is discussed and makes me wonder things haha
this doesn't really seem like a fair challenge, without actual detail and evidence it really is just a question of whether you *think* the result is positive. Of course there is the math but It's not really being presented as a math question, is it? The environment (which I assume is polling places) is conductive to political questions and opinion based answers, if this were asked in somewhere like a university, then I would expect the results to be more normal.
Video Idea: Explain neuclear fusion and how do they capture the energy produced at JET in UK
Why do you think you need to "tackle polarization"?
You went to Tucson for this video?
This aligns with some of the studies on effect political position has on discerning fake and real news, in that critical thinking had a positive relationship with ones ability to detect a fake news story; infact people would be less bias, showing increased accuracy with news reflecting their political position. What showed the most negative effect on accuracy was simply "lazy" thinking, people not reasoning or engaging critically with the news were far more inaccurate and more likely to believe fake news that reflected their political bias.   Now how and when people decide to "critically think" does raise its own question, where this and those studies diverge is that bias is clearly still present; that the decision to properly engage and consider information can be subject to what one wants to believe is true. It makes sense that when you see something you don't agree with, you would want to make sure it is true and and the best way to do that is to engage in critical reasoning. When it is something you want to be true, you feel comfortable and maybe confident and thus are less willing to spend the time thinking about it, letting that "lazy" thinking take the wheel.
Where did they find that many Americans who even understand proportions and ratios?
I'm pretty sure IQ might have an impact, too. I wonder how that would affect things. At least from my experience, people with higher IQs are seemingly less impacted by political biases.
I think I'm simply smart enough to activate my stupidity and do well on these questions.
This is junk science by a charlatan that couldn't handle the fact he got a question wrong so set out to "prove" giving the wrong answer to said question are actually smarter people compared to those who got it wrong. You shouldn't even have entertained this nonsense. Sounds like a standford scientist to me.
So intelligent people use their reasoning to justify their previous beliefs more than the average?
9:28, why is that one scene from Maharashtra, India?
I get the question wrong I'm dumb. I get the question right and I'm still dumb.
Very interesting study, but there's a lot to criticize here. Blind-siding someone with a question that purposefully made to be tricky is not very representative of how people form their opinions and consume information in general. You're not really encouraged to think things through in this context, so it could explain why people are more likely to let their personal beliefs take control. And their beliefs might have been formed by other - actual - data, which gives them more confidence to reaffirm what they already knew without giving it much thought.  To be very honest, if someone came up to me with this question and it was about climate change - which is so consensual in the scientific community that it's not a point of debate anymore -, I would likely get it wrong too.
Don’t know why, but I noticed, simply switching from a medication test to gun control made the question significantly harder to parse for me. Like, the question just suddenly felt much more difficult.  I wonder if it’s because when learning about probability, you constantly learn about medication tests, control groups, light vs heavy symptoms, etc. So it becomes second nature to think of all the edge cases and possibilities when looking at a medication trial test. But for gun control, no textbooks ever use that as an example, so our brain can’t go into math mode.
I cannot comprehend the crime improved or worsened numbers.  Using rash, 223+75=298 was the total test population for either 223 or 75 improved and vice versa over time.  How does one define 223 crime improvement?  How does 298 total test crimes population work?  One cannot rewind time to retest with/without gun control...
First question - easy, Its just simple data analysis. Right, so the video isnt about the title, its about how dumb each politcal group is. LOL, the majority of the people didnt even look at the numbers
You can't make a definitive conclusion either way on the rash.  The results might have been coincidental, and the cream might have had no effect at all.
What is this
why does big bricks break easier then small bricks
I have a ptoblem with the skin cream question. I assumed that both groups were equally large and a significant portion experienced neither an improvement nor a worsening.
7:35 Am i in the twilight zone is no one going to call out the "negative loss" in accuracy would make it more accurate??? If the talk is in science communication how did no one see this plus most people don't read graphs right to left 😭😭😭 i get the x axis is negative but that's the issue?!
I know this is nitpicky, but the direction of the arrows in the political question is reversed, when crime improves it goes down, so the arrow head should be pointing down. It might not seem relevant, but you are introducing a piece of information that points, no pun intended, to the opposite direction of what the other pieces of information on the same category are pointing out.
My brain be like:(1st question) Make both the groups equal atleast.
So not that many people will be getting it wrong then will they?
Could you please add the standard deviation / error around the mean score lines? Otherwise it is very hard to interpret the difference between the lines.
I’m confused on how there could be a committee to address climate change that disagrees on the cause considering knowing the cause of a disaster is kind of foundational for developing a solution. Is it just a bunch of people distributing sandbags to coastal areas and avoiding talking about the reason the sandbags are needed?
But the skin cream worked for more people, right? Most of the people who didn't use it just stayed with the same rash, neither improving or worsening, which I would think is a really important thing to not leave out of the question.
I have to believe reasonably minded people would have serious questions about the methodology of a study where the main variables are vaguely defined as "crime" and "gun control" and the subjects as "cities".
Did americans not have fractions on highschool?
Just curious, how was the science curiosity score structured?
This is something I have thought about a lot because I think I have experinced it myself and seen it in class. Both  parts really because I have experinced examples where because people including myself understood the type of question more; they had a harder time smoothly going through it(similarily sometimes it is easier to write a concise summary if you naturrally know or notice less too) and I have seen examples where people will literally switch the wording around in a research question too n terms of what is affecting what(along with me having times where I have questioned if I am rationalizing a study)
If you think of the data as hypothesis testing of whether the skin cream works, the interpretation is that the likelihood of the skin cream works does not eliminate the possibility of the likelihood of the skin cream doesn’t work and studies often misinterpret the ratio or sometimes it is shown in P value means and I would say that the evidence is inconclusive.
The question is probably why P value should be banned in studies
But... Made it worse? That is not really what the study proves. Either. It only proves it's not a really  good cream for everybody.
I was wondering where the difference came in, I worked in investment for ages and besides the 2024 election I’ve called pretty much all the big events since 2015 us and uk. I’ve never counted myself partisan, but lately I’ve been leaning more left wing. I’ve always been brought up to be curious and maybe that’s let me cut through the noise.
The question isn’t really clear when it comes to gun crime since there’s a lot of edge cases  For eg. increased gun limitations can cause gun crime to “increase” because there will be more people who continue to have guns.  On the other hand, violent gun crimes could go down because there are less bad people with guns. Or they could go up because they’re having more clashes with cops, or threatening more people.  The question is too broad, and has too many edge cases. With the rash, it’s a single variable. With the gun question, it’s a multi variable problem
Based on how people answered on the street it seems clear to me they didn't understand that the question was a pure math question and not a real life question where they need to factor in elements not included in the question. Might be the same with the study participants.
I wonder if this mindset on at least political beliefs is a little less in Europe. I think the culture there is less around politics and more about other things that make your beliefs.
Do you think increasing public awareness of the ranked choice voting system would help reduce partisan division by incentivizing politicians to appeal to a broader audience?
The problem obviously when you make it political the participants are no longer answering a hypothetical mathematical equation but a value question about real life politics. At which point the table of contents becomes irrelevant as that is not the question anymore. And the problem with these complex issues is that you really can't boil down gun crime relation to gun control laws in such a simplistic manner. And then you have the problem of lying with statistics or just presenting false statistics. So it's sensible to not let someone coerce you into giving some answers you don't agree with by presenting some simplistic statistics that might not even be correct.
1:25 how is that rational?
Me: ...why are there less people in the control group than the test group? Thats not scientific at all.
Imagine if it was a gender question
"Did the skin cream make the rash better, or did it make it worse?" Answer: Yes
Should've given half of the sample an incentive to get the question right, like a $50 reward. There are some people who will knowingly give the wrong answer just because they know the right answer goes against their partisan side. With an incentive that might go away.
have u noticed that hes showing mostly just the blue political party when showing irl footage
Great timing 😂. How long was this preplanned?
If a crime is unreported how can you possibly know that it even happened.
We all use logic and reason to some degree to form our opinions. The problem is that you need to start with some axioms upon which to build your world view. When the validity of those axioms come into question then you have two choices. You can revise your axioms, which are your fundamental beliefs, or you can ignore the discrepancy and assume that your reasoning was faulty or that you are missing an underlying fact/premise. Most people, including me, go with the 2nd choice.
Perfect example of why it's healthy to have skepticism and question things. "Follow the science" and "trust the experts" should never have been the end to a conversation. Because it was used as one, it will ensure that conversation goes on for decades about what really happened and we'll never truly know.
I thought the question would be what is a woman. It is a question where three year old kids perform better than university professors...
Leave out the distracting needless background music/noise What the hell is it for? I'm here for information not music
Why do you think YT disabled the "dislikes" counter?
Why is the title of this video not related to the content?
where liberals doing mental gymnastics when the data suggest that more guns is more better?????? oh right we can only show conservatives doing that.
The thing about this that gets me is that all you have to go off is this simple graph. There is simply not enough information to answer definitively. How bad were the rashes? Does the rash cream have any common allergens in it and were all of the participants not allergic? What kinds of crime changed depending on the gun control and what exactly was the gun control? It's just way too broad. I wouldn't give an answer without clarifying that first.
I got the skin cream one right. It was easy, and it takes intelligence. Nothing about that question makes smarter people do worse on it. Smart people will get it correct because they think and use their brain.
Anyone who would not do a quick ratio in their head on that first question is not a smart person ergo i'm not wasting my time on the rest of this video as it makes false assumptions and is flawed from inception.
Wylie is a real name?!!!
Simple math: 'Cheeky Title' divided by 'Loaded Question' = 'Click Bait'! Derek, you're better than this.. you know we'll watch your vids regardless.
Are the number of people using cream and not using cream same ?
You will get different results if you give people the time and space to sit down and think it through. Not everyone is a quick logical or lateral thinker on the sidewalk. You ask for an analysis of study results without structural study. It's actually a trick question :-)
I recently liquidated some long-term positions and now have about $250k to invest. Do you think Nvidia is still a smart buy, or have I missed a key buying window? Any recommendations for high-performing stocks would be appreciated.
Is numeracy synonymous with intelligence though?
Is this a new inverse IQ test?
Video was great, but why in the hell you would use a Indian clip ( @9:28 ) ?? I see it as purposely used clip to portray India as right wing country specifically Hindus. Which it definitely isn't
How do you know their numeracy score?
So people not believing the data from a fake study is a sign of something bad now? Why should anyone believe they aren't being shown a fake study all the time?
How you measure curiosity?
How does avoiding the buzzword allow us to address the root causes? How can we address sea levels rising without addressing global warming? Wouldn't policy makers just focus on first aids then instead of performing the surgery that we need?
Now im questioning myself. Thanks Veritasium, i love to be unsure of my identity.
The problem revolves around cognitive maturity. If you combine political themes with what is otherwise a numeracy question, the juvenile will get caught up in the politics and lose sight of what the question is whereas the adult can distinguish "your numbers" from "my position" and will thereby return to what the question is asking. It's one of the major cognitive tests to come out of the Higher School Certificate program in Australia although I'd argue that the Australian approach is highly unethical because what it promises the student and what it delivers are two entirely unrelated things. At the end of the day, people who adopt a belief to fit in have a lot of growing up to do, irrespective of how many years ago they celebrated their twenty-first birthday.
None of us are immune to our own personal bias, therefore any question beyond the very mundane is going to be answered by bias first. It is what helped us to survive, because it is a quick reaction. It does not help us think, only react. People need to learn what their biases are before doing any critical thinking, and then they can weed out biased answers and come to correct conclusions that aren't biased.
Was there no placebo in the study? And also, more importantly, what about those who used the cream and saw zero change in the rash? Shouldn't they be added into the math of the results of the skin cream usage?  So if planning to produce and market a skin cream for rashes you find that 70% saw no change in the rash at all, and 25% saw great improvement,  and 5% reported it made their rash worse, you certainly would not invest in this product  to manufacture and market to consumers. Sales would fall off almost immediately with 75% of first time buyers not making a repeat purchase.
For the skin cream question, I'm assuming both groups are equal, and that there's 300 (since first group adds up to 298), so in this case, common sense would be that the ones that are not counted is when the rash remained the same, so in the first group 223 peoples rashes improved, and 77 peoples rashes remained or got worse, but in the second group, only 107 peoples rashes improved, and 193 rashes remained or got worse. Meaning the skin cream actually helps.
So if I answer wrong, does that mean I am smart, or am I secretly a Democrat at heart?
Pausing video on question 223 + 75 = 298 75 / 298 = 25.168% rash worsened  107 + 21 = 128 21 / 128 = 16.406% rash worsened  Cream made it worse.  Unpausing.  I got it right, I guess I'm retarded or the study was wrong on how it evaluates intelligence.
Am i stupid for thinking there were people where the rashes stayed the same, and that both groups had the same number of people, making the experimental product actually good?
Isn't that confirmation bias?
Why don’t we just increase public education funding so everyone has better access to learning things and won’t be as easily swayed by their emotional ties to team sports
Clear case of most people not actually understanding the question.
Man, as soon as I saw the question, I thought I can't answer it immediately because when I was learning about experimental design and statistics of causal inference, things are really messy even in an RCT setting. There is a lot of nuance that people on average tend to overlook (including myself until I leant that stuff).
What about the people who consider themselves bipartisan or independent? Would that give the graph from before?
11:40 Stay curious!
In defense of the high numeracy people, there are pretty significant differences between a controlled study for skin cream and a comparative study of multiple cities. We can look at the skin cream data and make an assessment of slightly better or slightly worse, but we'd want to dig deeper to find out if different rashes had more success than others, maybe different skin types or complexion. This represents that start of answering a complex question, not the end. But for a city and gun crime? There are so many factors to consider. Population density, poverty rates, education levels, cost of living... Any politician from any party showing that chart would be derided by both sides for suggesting such a complicated issue had a silver bullet.
pls do a video about Aether Space.
Huh... when it comes to polarization, "science comprehension" and "science curiosity" are independent from each other?
Are you calling me stupid?
The premise seems a bit, do democrats really think less guns equals less crime?  Or is that fewer guns equals fewer shot victims?
On the  fictitious skin creme question, I initially thought "skin creme" was better than "no skin creme". But for me it was deeper than just "oh that number is bigger". I assume with a study that each group is the same size. If they are the same size, then there is an unknown quantity of people in each group for whom their rash got no better and no worse.
yeah but why would they use a control group that has 3 times less a number of participants? (imagine the control group had 6 participants, 5 increased and 1 decreased - but it would hold no reliability, because with small sample groups it could be coincidence) and crime increased could mean in that city crime increased by 1 crime while decreased could mean in that city it has decreased by 1000 crimes
I don’t know if I want to be right on this or not
And what does it mean when millions of people vote for a convicted rapist?
So the title is misleading. On the question, people with higher numeracy literacy perform worse against themselves if they were asked a similar question, but without a political slant. The group with higher numeracy literacy still performed better than those with lower numeracy literacy, overall. They just didnt perform as well as they should have, because of bias.
My answer was that the cream works well however some people may have allergies to the contents of the cream and should be avoided by those people.. and then I realised it was a math question
To be fair, data is easily manipulated and intelligent people know to question the data. Vague words like improved and worsened need to be questioned. What does that mean? Of course belief systems are hard to overcome in people, and I would propose that in the highly intelligent it can be even more difficult to overcome your reasoning when it is based on a lot of data and sources that you trust. One random source that you disagree with isn't going to sway that
…than who?
I wonder how introversion v extroversion affects this - what if you don't have a tribe or don't care what others think? A rare group of people in today's dopamine driven social media landscape for sure, but I do wonder...
Who else used odds ratio to solve this?
The skin cream answer is definitely a fallacy
To be fair, the correct answer for both questions is "there is not enough information."
What about people who don't VOTE for the puppet on the left OR the puppet on the right? 🤷🏻‍♂️
Too easy questions.  why Americans are so bad at math..or they choose dumb people for video on purpose.
What is "numeracy" though?
Ego problem if you ask me.  A weak inflated ego cannot stand to admit any fault to self correct.
How dumb do you have to be to   get the cream question wrong 😭
The first question isnt even asked properly - its loaded to deceive.
Does this take into account ADHD and linear vs non-linear thinking?   Because I'm "very bright" and surprised a psychologist when I did a stupid block shape building/matching task quite quickly, one handed, leaning my head on the other hand, and chatting the whole time...  but it took me less than 1 second to get the correct answer about the cream.  Edit...   ADHDers don't always try to fit in with the tribe...  hmmmm....  no fair adding more possibilities/angles to my theories!
The arrows on the chart are also wrong...if crime worsens that means there's more crime, why is the arrow pointing down, then? Subtle ambiguities like this are part of what causes bad results in so many studies.
Folks, reviews on Ground news? I haven't seen any video that has a, like, 6 month user review of the GroundNews to see if its actually any good day to day.
This isn’t actually a study of people, but rather the outcome of living with untrustworthy reporting sources. One of the fundamental problems with the skin cream vs crime stats, is that crimes stats have been skewed by outside influences in that no matter what side you’re on, you have learned to question it. Skin cream stats are “new” stats to most people, and they have less reason to second guess or mistrust a random report on the street. But when given a topic they are more familiar with, like crime, the external sources come into question.
Me, getting the question right, thinking I’m stupid, but realizing I did it the right way with the right mindset, then realizing I’m Asian:“ohhhh no…”
If smarter people do "worse" on the question, it's not the people. It's the question.
I’m curious how these studies account not just for existing political bias, but existing bodies of knowledge. For example, there have been hundreds of studies conducted all across the world, over several decades, looking into the relationship between access to guns and violent crime rates. Taken together, there appears to be a consistent, strong, and meaningful relationship between restricting access to to guns and lower violent crime rates. If I’m aware of this extensive body of research and its conclusions, and you show me a dataset which completely contradicts it, I’m going to see it as an anomalous outlier and be more likely to dismiss it, not because of political bias but because of my existing knowledge of this body of research.
I mean this is all great and all, But am I losing my mind or did he dye his hair and beard? The moment I saw him in the video I thought I was watching an old veritasium video from 2011.
Any Indians preping for SSC exams knows how Dumb this question looks😂
Am I the only one who did a chi-squared test on the cream/gun control data?
Why is the slash moved to the top when the question switches to the gun on the video's graphic? It should be at the bottom, like the skin cream question. And why did the wording change from improved/worsened to increased/decreased?  This whole thing is sus.
I did a formal IQ test in second grade estimating I had an IQ of atleast 151, but couldn’t test any higher due to me being, well, a second grader. I actually got the question right.
I would take a guess and say that some of the political questioned people weren't even looking at the numbers.
Wouldn’t it be worth observing people who don’t align to either political party to act as a control in this situation? to see if there’s actually anything different.
Rash-onal? Whoa
This reminds me of the way data is used to discard some questions being tested for use on standardized tests. For most questions, and as expected, as the overall scoring of testers increases there is an associated rise in percentage who get the specific question correct. Naturally, the overall percentage who get it correct helps determine the identified difficulty level of said question.  However, on some questions there is a curious phenomenon that emerges: there is a DIP is rate of answering the question right among the highest scorers. Why? The understood cause is that there is some kind of subtle nuance in the wording or information of the question that introduces some necessary interpretation, with some interpretations resulting in getting the wrong answer as intended but the right answer on the basis of those alternate/overlooked interpretations. That flaw in the question invalidates it for use, leading to it being discarded in its current form.
Regarding the hypothetical cream test. Is it either improving/worsening or is there also a number for people where the condition did not change? That would influence the interpretation of the data.
Why did they chose prime numbers for the big numbers?
Serious question. How did u reverse grey hair?
Yeah weird how that thr FBI revised their data and you're not talking about it?
"Smarter" people, or "educated" people?  Big difference.
I’m very curious if one group or the other is more resistant to the entrenched beliefs effect.  I suspect that there is not, and both groups consider themselves impervious to that kind of logical mistake.  Your point about the rationality of tribes is extremely insightful. This channel consistently surprises me.
The graph and experiemnt is misleading first of all. My first thought is why was the control group so small?
Very good experiment
I don’t understand this study on skin cream. Is anybody accounting for the number of people who had no change to their rash? Assuming the same number of participants in each group, couldn’t it be said that the skin cream was more likely to heal your rash while simultaneously being more likely to make it worse?
So I’m choosing certain opinions to fit in with others and those opinions are causing a bias because they’re so closely connected with the ideology I need to keep this social relationships together?
Are there any others who think the skin cream question is incredibly deceptive? 1:59 It is apparent that sample selection plays a significant role in rash improvement and thus implies sampling bias precluding conclusions of effectiveness based on proportionality. Thus the only answer the data supports is inconclusive.
But isn't the survey sample too small?
I reject your tribalistic thinking hypothesis.  Rather when it comes to thinking about virtues and ideals, the gun control question doesn't actually give you a correct answer, ideals and virtues are not a pragmatic number crunching endeavor. Crunching numbers doesn't tell you if something is moral or not.
Cool there was a couple of these we had i school they were like tricky questions were its so simple its easy to overthing it
Good video, be open to have your values/idealogy chalenged, all the time, everytime.
Another great video.  My thoughts were that if you presented the data, asked what the observer gathered from the data, using generic terms, and only after they relay that they understand the numaricy you tell them what the subject matter is, it's harder for them to back peddle
Asking people a question where they are emotionally attached to the topic are more likely to answer in line with their desires, rather than the data.
5:28 I see Detroit, NYC, and St. Louis. Who can name the rest?
Arg, smart is subjective! lol I cant even understand the first question...(im on my own level here) I assumed 50/50 who used the cream per group why is it 223+75 who used the cream more than the one who didnt use it??
I often wonder if we could just walk away from politics 😂
Ok, but how did you phrase the question? If you ask people "does gun control decrease crime?" then the answer can depend on outside information.
can you use nitol for the blackbird? the car that can go faster than the wind pushing it?
Tho you're asking people on something which has a lot of research already done on it. Its as if you walked up to a person and were like is the sky blue or red look at this study? And then showed him a graph with a bunch of hue measurements.
Where are the lefties with colored hair? Propaganda much?
How were the people on the street’s numeracy measured?
What about social research? What if the difference between both sides are not so big as it shown? And biases of the researchers constantly show Republicans as worse then democrats. It's not a suprise universities lean toward left
So this dude got a question wrong and then spent hours trying to prove he was actually smarter for getting it wrong
Is anyone asked you what's crimes improved and crimes worsed mean?? 😂
I wonder, did you tell the participants what was going on afterwards? and how did they respond?
I got the answer correct. Am i dumb?🙂
Ehhh... this is probably more an issue of just not presenting the data right. How many people in the study? What kind of rash? Without any of the basic details, yeah, people will just look at the biggest number
There's no way to answer the question. They leave out a key piece of information; how many people were in the study, more specifically how many people were in each group. You see the number's meaning changes if the group sizes were even vs. if one group was twice the size as the other.
How many people don't believe your fake data?
Does anyone know who Derek from @veritasium is voting for ? 😅
The question never mentioned, how many people participated in the test. if there were 25.000.000 then none of those numbers make any difference.
When people agree with the data, they are just giving you the opinions they already have so the question is irrelevant. When people disagree with the data, their suspicions are correct since you are presenting them with made up data.
How did you measure numeracy?
One thing i noticed was that democrats seemed less affected by ideology than republicans during the gun control question. I'm no analyst tho so i might be misinterpreting
“What do we do about it?” …   Derek for president.
Were the participants in the “study” told that the numbers were fictitious beforehand? Controlled studies are usually evenly distributed, you certainly wouldn’t give cream to more than double the control group.  I think it’s deceptive to give nonsensical information about sensational topics.
9:27 - I wonder what about people who are so socially isolated that they barely feel any influence of a "tribe"?
"What would you do if you came across information that contradicted your political opinions" Examine the motives of the people who created the information, because there are three types of lies: lies, damn lies, and statistics.
I don't think people who answer this question wrong should be considered smart. I even think that such questions should be included in intelligence tests.
wtf? As soon as I read the skin rash scenario, I immidiately said, yeah ofc, it made the rash worse. But then I started thinking, if you want to compare people's mathematical skills with pure maths vs something that is not an abstract concepts, then you just cant.  You forgot to add facts, what kind of rash we talking about? Is the rash the kind of rash, that disappears after a week by itself? Or is it something that stays until it is cured? Did both groups and all participants had only one kind of rash, or were they mixed? If they were mixed, how do we know if it was mixed evenly? 128, and 298 are not big numbers, there is a chance for not evenly distributing participants in the study. Another important question, did the cream contain any allergens, or ingredients that could cause  a rash, or worsen a rash for specific people? If the skin cream contained an ingredient that causes allergic reaction to 15% of the people, then obviously the people who didnt get the skin cream, would not worsen as much. Meanwhile the people who did get it ,for some of them it worsened, because of that specific ingredient. Also what if the rash is the kind of rash, that disappears after a week, and the group that did not get the cream, the cream improved the rash in a week. Obviously, meanwhile in the first group, that got the cream, it also improved, but by 3 days faster. There are just so many variables we get no info about, its insane, real life is not A column and B column, its not black and white and never will be.
Did you tell them it was a fake study first or after?
the diagram confusing.  The fault is in the diagram,
Can “you guys” figure out something, that no one knows about, that helps or makes people smarter or better in some way? It’s always the other way around with “you guys”.
We can use these questions to find out who is smarter 😂
While replicating the studies on the streets, I'm curious what metrics they used to measure intelligence.
What I do think is interesting, though, is that democrats in general do better than republicans at the same numeracy levels, across all tested groups. It might be interesting to look into that more. It is no secret that worldwide, political affiliation is associated with intelligence, and that left-leaning people are generally less likely to fall for propaganda, conspiracy theories or fake news. But this study might give us a clue as to how that actually happens: apparently, left-leaning people generally have better reasoning skills (expressed through being more likely to get the answer right at the same numeracy level). And looking into how that happens – and how maybe right-leaning people can be helped to also develop their reasoning and critical  thinking skills – might be a big step in fighting fake news, propaganda and conspiracy theories.  Of course, some of it is a hen and egg problem – maybe left-leaning people don't have better reasoning and critical thinking because of their political and social affiliations, but rather because of their better critical thinking and reasoning, they are able to see through propaganda more easily and therefore tend to lean left? But that would be another question for a different study altogether
Great video Derek, I find it hilarious that the comments have degenerated into smart verses dumb people when it was cleary orientated around numerical literate verses those less so? Makes me wonder whether any of the rennaisance artists like Picasso, Beethoven, or even earlier Leo Nado Dav Vinci were numerical literate as they were all incredibly smart in their fields?
I’m obsessed with a question atm. What is the correct amount of tribalism to have? It’s more than none. But where do you draw the line?
It would be interesting to know whether, if shown both the skin cream and the gun control data, people gave different answers
This is very misleading. The way you put rash question, you imply that groups are same size and you just don't mention people who's condition stayed same. But you never say if they are actually same size or not, only after you reveal correct answer. If groups were same size as implied, then more people got better than worse with cream. So you can actually tell to anyone that they are wrong based on their answer and then revealing this deciding parameter after that. Sounds like a method used to scam, doesn't it?
I got the first question by ratio also 😂
the evil part of these questions is different size of of the 2 groups that's very easy to miss and then misinterpret the results. I had an earlier now deleted comment explaining my reasoning based on the utterly wrong implicit assumption that they are of the same size even though the numbers obviously don't add up like that. This is straight up manipulation of the same kind as graphs that don't start at zero.
Is this video a meta analysis of people who comment about fictitious studies but the numbers are actually real?  They can’t be since you flipped them but that would be a funny twist.  The real world application of personal logic not matching fictitious numbers was probably quite jarring.
1st question: id argue the study is indecisive because the sample sizes are different and that definitely introduces variation or disproportion. this seems bias to me. what if the no creme goups had more people and the results evened the odds or displayed different results. anyway i didnt get the point of this.
Funny how the top 10% of US citizens only get the question right 60-70% of time.   Repeat that in Germany or China please. 😂
Sounds like an analysis issue not a mathematical issue… either way idk how anyone read that so differently…
The first question my first reaction. The skin cream makes it better but some people are allergic hence the larger amount of worsening rashes.
I got the question right at the beginning and I was worried that I’m stupid cuz of that lol
the situation its a bit awkward though, because its very likely that the interviewees were thinking that the question has something to do with politics, not just with numbers. more than that, the timing has a big weight on that too
When you ask about a real word issues that people already have opinions on, they will instinctively disbelieve numbers that contradict their world view.
How much did you get from trump??😂
I'd love to see how well the "get it right regardless of political belief" group correlate with not going along with the group of actors in the "which line is longer?" experiment where the actors all say the shorter line is longer. I'm betting there's an underlying personality trait here: "How easily your perception of reality can be warped by other people".
lol, kinda a placebo .. or, some stuff actually has side effects? (still watching)
I know this is not the point of this video but am I the only one comparing the numbers in columns rather than in rows? 🤔
Im smarter but answer correct in seconds, that mean im dumb or more smarter than smarter average?
Cream worse. 5 seconds. Am I stupid enough?
Smarter people are more likely to be skeptical of the study. They're not getting the question wrong, they want additional information. They may be pressured to give an answer when they would be more comfortable abstaining.
Im so smart I completely missed the question 😂
The difference between the questions isn't just the "politicalness" though. In one case you have a controlled experiment, where you can assume away a lot of confounding variables. In the other case it's an observational study of different locations that are radically different—it's not an experiment, and is subject to far greater subjective interpretation since your theory can involve many more involved variables.  If they kept the language and said "cities were randomly selected to do X and then did so with maximum compliance" then maybe these results mean something.
Okay my question is why was there such a difference in control vs sample in that skincare study
Aren't the low numeracy results pure noise?
2:21 Good video, but why is the "a" in Vienna shorter than the other "a"s?
I wonder if there’s a reason this video was released the day before the elections? ;)
Is that so? It's no wonder why there's not many intelligent people these days. Who knows where they're hiding. Even I have a hard time condensing this problem into cubits to be able to further analyze what the question is asking us to do.
I enjoy your videos.  But would you please lose the incredibly annoying background music ?
The first question about the creams was misleading in the way that it was asked. “Did the skin cream make the rash better or worse?” is different than asking “Did the skin cream make the rash better or worse than the control group?” The first way disregards the control group entirely, which in doing so would lead one to say that the cream made the rash improve… which it did. Just not as well as using no cream did. The second way of asking the question takes into account the entire experiment.
Did anyone ask: what were the total number of participants? What was the count of "no change"?
What does getting it right in first 5 seconds mean😅
No it ISN'T the same question. One is asking about skin cream, the other is asking 'Do you agree that 2+2=5?' in a world filled with hack journalism. People don't want to get tricked into supporting policies, on camera, that can get people killed. I don't think it's politics you're measuring. At least on one side it's basic human empathy.
Is this coincidence on the day prior to USA election day?
The reality of all this is if you framed these as a trick question at the start in a faithful manner. I think every viewer gets the initial question correct because we know it will be misleading
Bro, if a person didn't get that first question right there's no way they're a 9. :D
Any idea how independents did on the questions?
I know this isn't the point at all but wouldn't the control and "experimental" groups have to be much closer to the same size to tell you anything really significant about the efficacy of the cream?
So being good with numbers doesn't make you a good person? Curious!
How is looking at the biggest number the intuitive answer?? What makes it intuitive? I would think that the intuitive answer should be looking at the proportions.
why you use a “person” as an “american” is that american unit?😅
What does science say about the “gender spectrum” some scientists would argue it’s psychological while others claim gender is indeed a spectrum. Data can be manipulated to suit your bias just as easily as beliefs can.
Is this why I have a breeze for my differential calculus classes but struggle like hell on stat?
How much of this is because of people's ideology, and how much is because of other "evidence" they think they have?  If you showed a bunch of professional gardeners studies that showed fake numbers for what the best date for taking plants in for avoiding frost, which disagreed strongly with their experience, would they make similar sorts of mistakes?  I know lots of people who mostly match one tribe, but have loads of "exceptions": conservatives who strongly support welfare programs, etc; Pat Robertson believing that mj should be de-criminalized.  What if the polarization isn't tribalism, but selective information exposure?
Me who gets the question right, for the wrong reason  XD
I wonder if you could ask somebody a list of these questions and guess their political leaning based off of the accuracy and type of question?.. It's an odd thought..
The table in the skin cream question is purposely mislabeled. People would get it right if you would have labeled the columns total sample a number of people that got better, instead of total sample and number of people that got worse.  It's not a question of getting the answer wrong it's a question of reading comprehension. Though I doubt random people on the street would get it right anyways.
Oh man, I didn't get any of these questions right.    Now to watch the video.
Isn't this study somewhat moot as it just compares neolibs to neolibs? I think this study cannot be done in the US due to the Overton window shifted very far to the right
I wonder what kind of results do you get when you present AI with these questions? I can imagine a variety of possible outcomes, some very objective, others terrifying.
We could just dissolve the political parties, at least in any official capacity. Has anyone tried that?
I wonder how we could determine the effect of the camera on this study. I'm not talking about any stress or whatever but the idea that the footage could be edited to make a clickbait video about people not really believing in their values or something like that
My first question on the skin cream was "how many stayed the same? Where is that option?"
This is sort of a Dunning-Kruger Effect isnt it?
Inuits have 50+ for snow, liars have infinite amount of words for lie. And you have just made some more of them. Quit sugaring the fact: people KNOW the right answers, they straigt up LIE. The question is: why do they act so dishonest, who have taught them to lie, what made them think that lying is good?
The disappointment i felt when i found out the  skin cream question wasn't designed to trick.
I thought republicans were more pro gun than democrats?
Now ask trans people and non binaries
the political question is one they have already seen before this and they likely seen many charts and different information on it, so of course they will be biased.
I'm not sure it is that it effects the more intelligent more. Perhaps those who were less able were already getting it wrong, so they didn't have a chance to drop as far. I guess that asks if the drop was an absolute 25/45% (meaning 100% would be wrong + right answers, for 100% of answers) or a relative 25/45% (meaning 100% was the subset of people who got it right of whatever intelligence, and seeing how that drops.)  Probably relative, which means the 25-45% stands, and my thought is wrong or at least complicated. Absolute means the data is skewed.  That said, the point that bias sways us is pretty solid.
I got the first question right so I going to go with me being dumb (I’m at 1:47 and didn’t get further yet) Update: I looked further and ooof is it the reason why people successful in STEM seem to engage in batshit crazy ideas in humanities way more than simply uneducated people?
It depends if there is a missing group, not shown, whose rash stayed the same.
Obviously it made it worse because more poeple got worse rash from using than from not using?
I already failed the skin creme question... Now i feel so trump.
i find it weird that there is no apolitical group being questioned  we had political people answer an apolitical question and we had political people answer a political question so IMO the logical step would be to have apolitical people answer a political question to see if their results differ from political people
I really missed the point or something. So the ratio of the samples was wrong conclusion? And how that was anything to do with anything?
me who didnt get the question only - bro i must be god levels
Why did 298 people get the cream, but the control group contains only 128 people? Or are there more people in both groups, but for the remaining it neither improved nor worsened?
So the whole video is about americans not being able to convert numbers to percentages ?
Why are there so many bots commenting? Really, you're resorting to this?
This is interesting because the interviewer seems to ask for a causal relationship, "does the cream make the rash better?". It's fairly logical to conclude they've set up the study so other variables are controlled and there's likely a direct link between cream and rash. However, the gun study is very unlikely to be a randomized, controlled study, but rather, looking at correlations. So it's not really fair to ask "is the study showing banning guns causes more violence?" I think that the divisive political questions of our times often are hard to get good data on and  it's easy to use a misleading correlation. If the study results conflict with a pre-existing belief, we're much more likely to think about how the study is designed/why a correlation might not be a causation. (For example, for the gun study, I would immediately think, did they control for economic growth? job opportunities? waves of crime moving in from elsewhere?). TL:DR: it would make more sense to create example studies that were more similar in terms of correlation/causation and ask the questions more clearly.
So... smart people are more political or what?
On These Questions, Americans* Do Worse
Are the participants told that the numbers are unequivocally trustworthy, or made up, before being questioned?
How is "Science Curiosity" measured?
I call it the prompting effect  where changing the questions although not the ratio like rephrasing changes the output it's something I literally found out my self by watching GPT like models being like this and than finding it interesting watched some neuroscience videos and yes but you can simply avoid it by long deep thinking the mind will do this to compact in a way the information is has so you can just deeply think and think same problem abstracted as well
But why are the control groups different sizes? Reading the numbers, I assume there's an extra number of 'didnt do anything'
Not surprised Americans did great on these questions 😂
can't even finish the video, can't get past the 398 in one group, 128 in the other, and no "stayed the same category" on the question
Why was the munber of people in each yest (cream vs no cream) difference is what I'm wondering
damn, if I didn’t apply the right way of thinking about the studies, does that mean I am dumb?
The fact that this entire thing could just be coincidence 💀
So where they Pro- or anti-skub?
So these questions (as always) are missing an incredible amount of context... and also I'm not confident at all that the way the data is 'officially' presented works, if we are saying you're 5x more likely to get better w/o the cream, say, you have to explain the true population size for each group before that can even try to make sense
This looks like some noicy data, how big was the sample size? Also testing multiple things at once on the same dataset (effect of political view and numeracy), wasnt that a red flag? P-hacking?
Okay…. Well would this mean that factchecking doesn’t work in changing people beliefs alone because it is actually a whole different level of thinking that is involved? Damn
Why is the control group not same size as the experimental group...
In what world is "the smarter" person - the one unable to think in proportions?
The big question I would have about that madeup study with guns is... well were participants aware about the fact that those are fake numbers and were they asked to come to conclusion based on those numbers or were they informed that those are real numbers. If thwy were informed that those are real numbers then... well its one study right? And they know of plathera of other data points and studies that say otherwise, so obviusly that study might not be as reliable or maybe its a part of a bigger issue. Soooo they came to a conclusion based on that study and their knowledge. Its hard to go against your belifs just because someone showed you one study without much of a context and asked you to judge whole issue based on that one bit of data.
Be curious! Got it 😁
If you came up to me on the street and showed me these studies my first question would’ve been.  “Is this a real study?”  Also worth noting, no studies are actually unbiased. Statistics are stupid.
Same FBI that categorized black criminals as white to lower statistics ? K
I wish we all were better at not letting things interfere with facts and reasoning. How were the numeracy scores for the people determined? I’m curious how you determine someone numeracy score
Using math I got the question right...
Question 1: why not equal samples? Also why no placebo? I wouldve asked these questions before we got into numbers. Methodology is important in any statistics.
For the crime rate increasing question,wouldnt it be more appropriate to ask IF those were related to guns?
How did they determine the numeracy score of everyone before they asked them questions?
This gave me a thought, I wonder how much of the bias that overrides the math, is a reflection of how they see themselves in those proposed situations?  Not to cast any aspersions to one party over the other, but how party members see themselves is quite different and I cant help but wonder if that doesn't reflect in the bias they showed in the answers?
Skin cream question. I see the ratio of the control group was a better, now please tell me how I'm wrong. Assuming I was "smart" in my answer.
So smart people don't know proportionality? I don't get that.  That's a prealgebra question.
Pure misinterpretation of the data. Smarter people are not worse at solving these. The problem posed with an ambiguous objective left participants to guess about how they should approach it. The smarter people put more thought into which factors to consider and how they should be weighted. Proper analysis of an answer to an ambiguously framed question cannot just discard each individual's choice of approach.
for this type of questions we generally used risk ratio or odds ratio to get better understanding about the result. The risk ratio is the ratio of the probability (risk) of an event happening in an exposed group to the probability of the event happening in a non-exposed (or control) group. Since you have a control group (without cream) and an experimental group (with cream), this setup is similar to a cohort study where you're comparing the occurrence (or risk) of rash cure in both groups over a period. You can directly calculate the probability (or risk) of cure in each group and then find the ratio between them, making the risk ratio the best fit for interpreting the effectiveness.
I would probably ended up not answering it because the "don't question the data, just answer the question" approach is not logical in the slightest
Did anyone else notice the baseline democrats were smarter than the baseline conservatives?
U HAD ME DOING PERCENTAGES on the first question lol;74,81.25
Me getting the question right in first go: 🐒
Welcome to the social sciences, we’ve studied these questions for decades!
The question is tricky, because the number of people in the experimental group is not the same as the number of people in the control group. That's why they get confused.
His parents really named him Wiley Overstreet? lol
I didn't understand the numbers representing the outcomes of the study.  I was like "Why is the control group not the same size as the test group?" "Is there a column missing for those people with 'no change'?"... I wasn't ready to draw any conclusions from the numbers without this information!
If both testgroups where the same size it means that a lot people didnt noticed a different in that case the cream ist more effective because it has a higher chance to help but also a higher chance to make it worse so its a gamble basicly or where is my logical miss?
…so people who are more capable of thinking are more susceptible to confirmation bias?
Yikes 😬. The skincare one is so obvious you're supposed to look at the ratios. That's like an elementary-level question. Wow
Why is hair blue in new thumbnail?
I was waiting for the first cream question to have a trick answer because I got it right immediately and was scared I wasn't a genius like I always believed.   Good thing it was just politics and I'm still a nerd.
What I would be interested in seeing, is how highly anti-social/disagreeable people answer the question. I rate in the top 2 percentile for trait introversion and consider myself highly anti-tribal. I have almost no friends, dislike both major political parties (and really am neutral to negative on society as a whole). And don't worry, I'm also a pacifist philosophical Taoist. Would a lack of any of these tribal pointers make my numeracy more reliable?   Also I don't think it's that being better at math makes you worse at math problems. It's that intelligent people are better at rationalizing and like to pretend that because they can rationalize it, that it makes it at least possibly true. Sort of like the idea of doubt within in a court room. They can prevent themselves from administering a guilty verdict for as long as they can imagine different ways it might not be, which for a really smart person can be an awful long time.
The question is highly vague when you pit guns instead of rash. Becuse crime incresed could be a category not a sample like the rash was
Good video, horrible clickbait title (On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse)
Huh. So humility and empathy really matter?
Smart people not getting the questions right: 😅😁  Dumb people getting the questions right: 😁😎
America's crazy place wdym yall got politics on gun controls? Almost all 1st world countries work just fine with no guns. Even where i live, gun are basically something that a normal person cant even think about owning let alone use it. It's specifically and ONLY used by law enforcement. To the point, I've never ever seen a gun in real life, maybe on TV. Yall got problems as a society, still got school shootings, still got massive gun fights (or so I've heard) if anything guns should be out of reach of civilains.
This question is tricky because I can't understand what "Rash improved" and "Rash worsened" means. "Rash improved" can be positive and negative at the same time...
I'm reading the comments and on one hand I'm wondering if the fact that so many people are missing the point of the study is evidence that Veritasium's video could have done a better job at presenting it, on the other I wonder if the comments perfectly validate the results of the study itself.  People are questioning the methodology of the study, even though they are using the illustrative re-enactment of the video, just to make sure the results do not contradict their beliefs. They are doing the same with the potentially click-baity nature of the title, etc. Those are fair items for discussion, but the numbers in the study are the numbers in the study. One could indeed read the study and critique the methodology, or even better, try and reproduce the results, but the numbers are what they are.  The comments section does seem to capture the fundamental epistemological problem that this kind of studies raise: Is being aware of a potential bias sufficient to prevent applying that bias? It probably isn't in many contexts, this being one of them.
I'm a bit bummed you didn't present the questions in opposite order, i.e. the politically loaded "test" first. On the other hand, I presume your audience in general scores higher in both numeracy and especially science curiosity, so I guess we're more likely to get it right regardless.
My first question was how rigourous was the study and what were the specifics of the study. You can't say anything based on the limited information provided.
5:00 Why 'believe' anything about guns? There's plenty of statistics & evidence available for creating a better understanding of the situation.
I would like to see this study extended to skeptics, real skeptics not self described skeptics. Yes, even skeptics cherry pick data and have biases but we try to be aware of our biases. Would we fall into the same traps? To what degree?
Why is it "normal" to reason about and display non-normalized data as the final result? Does it trigger only me?
well i did the math from the start and my political view will never affect questions like this where math is involved, i look at it like i am in an exam. he did mention the survey was done on US citizens, so i think it's fine as they are more affected by things like this
Is that 50% Ground News Discount permanent or just for one year then it jumps to 100 per year?
I just assumed there were gonna be varying amount of people in the control vs test, so I just divided the improved over worsened, the larger value the better right? So the cream is worse?
Why do the groups for the skin cream have different amounts of people in them? Surely you want the same number of participants for the control group as the experimental group?
There is just one think I am curious about. At 12:10 you can see the percentage of people getting the question right. You can see that 25% or less of the republicans with a numeracy score of 0 got the either version of the question right. Since the question is binary that would mean that republicans without numeracy like gun control?
How do you make these animations? What do you use to make these or does your team make it?
Am I crazy or is this just asking people loaded questions and having them try to fill in the blanks based on their biases?
We frequently see reports demonstrating that contrary evidence has low efficacy in changing people’s beliefs on contentious policy issues. This study is in the same vein. But this begs the question of how people form their beliefs initially. If beliefs are initially formed on the basis of evidence, then why are those beliefs not altered by additional evidence? And if beliefs are not formed on the basis of evidence, how are they formed? We need to understand how beliefs are formed if we are to realize the benefits of new and better understandings of the world and society.
will their be an interest rate cut....an ecomics degree is a hindrance to knowing the answer it seems.
I would go by the numbers shown, but would question the source of the numbers, if they don't match with what I think to knew beforehand. I don't like to be wrong, but I dislike staying wrong even more, which makes me research, if I asume that the numbers could be wrong, sometimes with the result that I had been wrong.
What are the demographics of those cities?
The word choice is poor in the skin cream question. Derek makes it sound like there's an unspecified number of people in the study, and more of the cream group experienced a change in both directions. I'd object to calling any answer to that question "getting it wrong."
4:47 but is the skin cream going real fast and real left? Son?
See my first response was a question. I am naturally a very distrusting person when it comes to things presented to me at face value and I think most people should be this way as well. I do not believe flat out gun control would work in America, I mean sure it makes sense that less guns just statistically would mean less crime in that way but when you give away those rights there is a lot more that hangs in the balance than just lowering gun homicide. You need to account for the total rate of homicide including other weapons. You have to understand that limiting guns isn’t a direct limit to one’s desire to kill another. The gun didn’t kill that person the murderer did so that needs to be accounted for as well. I’m not going to pretend like issues we face in the world can be encapsulated in a slogan or a YouTube comment, people need to wake up. You don’t have to come up with the same conclusion as me but whether you are at the “right” conclusion or not is irrelevant. A country of people that don’t think issues through in their totality is a society on borrowed time. The inevitable always approaches but by understanding the intricacies not only of yourself as an individual person but the very core of your beliefs you add time to the proverbial clock. Society isn’t guaranteed success, society isn’t guaranteed safety, society isn’t guaranteed longevity and living like it is, is the quickest ticket you can find to the all too historically repeated and well known inevitable end. I implore you to question everything you “know”. You will be astounded by how many conclusions you have come to, that in the end are based on a misrepresented sound byte or clip that you never even questioned in the first place which has been added, grown and festered into an ignorant but compliant populous with a world view that serves only the purpose of those above you. Engage in introspection and quality research like your life depends on it because it always has and always will. Vive la France and God bless the United States of America 🇺🇸
I would say its not the exact same question as there is an added factor of confusion on how crime both increased and decreased at the same time where rashes that part made sense as it was a number applied to specific people with differing states of rashes
But... how many were in each group? Maybe the cream just stabilized the condition? Or not using it stabilized it?
My instant question: what is the sample size? how many people is in each group? from there I can calculate better for a second trial swapping the people in the groups
Smart people who don't understand ratios??? Ok..
2:50 What is Naseeruddin Shah doing in a Veritasium video?
Well, Derek, we all waited and you still managed to evade... Kamala or Donald, Derek? Kamala or Donald...
I'd be curious about neurotypical vs ADHD/ASD results.
May i ask, how did you measure numeracy? Did you ask each participant questions that were supposed to assess it?
The hard part about the gun control vs skin cream is there is definitely more nuance and numbers that go into a gun control problem. It's a very mukti-variate problem. Whereas the cream is a single variable being tested. As a data scientist, this question would have been a struggle for me because I would feel you aren't controlling for enough variables in the gun control one to have an actual answer.
I reasoned right away that not using the skin cream was better.   That doesn't make me dumber, but smarter.  As for the gun control question, the math is the math, but a smart person would examine the methodology and assumptions from which the data was derived.
Wouldn’t the person use their ideology to rationalize the numbers in either scenario? Ask a question to which people can inject their beliefs and they will. I’m sure the same would have happened if you asked that question about the skin cream to people who believe natural remedies are better.
This type of research would be an interesting tool to use to estimate voting results as it may show at an aggregate level which way independents are leaning. Provided the right set of questions are asked.
As someone who has been teaching speech and debate for almost 20 years now I can attest that the majority of people who have not studied critical theory and/or rhetoric are highly vulnerable to cognitive biases like anchoring bias. Regardless of how overwhelming the evidence is in one direction or the other, people will actively deny their better judgment in order to protect their ideological identities. That being said, I often wonder whether it would really be better to have more people like myself who can objectively detach from their own beliefs in order to make more rational decisions and I honestly don’t know. Less objectivity and rationality also means more ideological principles and people willing to defend them. Being highly objective and highly rational tends to translate to lower emotionality, the more we can strictly make judgments based on the data the less we actually care about what the data says. I may not have strong opinions about gun control or skin creams but that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t. In other words I think having unwavering principles, a quality a lot of people value rather highly in political candidates, requires you to be pretty irrational, and I think that’s okay…at least to a point.
first question was easy for a dumb person like me I don't like skin cream so answer was worse
If I were shown that data, I'd want to know why the experimental group is almost three times the size of the control group. That might make me suspicious of the entire "experiment".
I did the math for the first question, saw the 3x for the cream group and the 5x for the no cream and my brain still went "yup, looks like the cream helped" so I guess I'm technically a genius
"A study on skin cream is apolitical as it gets"? You haven't seen the discussions on sunscreen...
Was the Al la carte truck in the background purposeful?  To demonstrate two different bell curves?  Haha.
interesting topic but why didn’t you show footage of a democrat getting the gun-control question answered correctly despite the incorrect intuitive answer lining up with his political beliefs? you painted four lines on your political graph (07:06) yet (if I understand correctly, pls correct me if I’m wrong) you show: a) 05:49 - an example of a numerate republican getting the correct answer according to the data on the paper. despite the “big numbers” lining up with his pre-existing beliefs he saw the logically correct answer, b) 06:45 - a republican (whom in the context of the video you was trying to paint as innumerate which he showed he wasn’t, just opinionated) who wasn’t buying the made-up data therefore despite the numbers telling him the correct answer he would argue his own politically biased viewpoint (which I count as “almost” answering correctly because he saw the mathematical nuance yet instead of going with the made up data he started argued it) c) 08:30 an example of a numerate republican participant failing to see the right answer to the hypothetical because of their pre-existing beliefs and finally d) 07:55 - a democrat failing to see the correct answer because “the big numbers” too neatly lined up to his pre-existing belief. now I’m asking again - why is there no example of a numerate democrat who doesn’t get baited by the “big number” and gives the answer?
Isn’t this just ratio and fractions?
Did the cream really make rashes worse, or did it improve it less than no cream ?
all this could be unconscious?  thats crazy
I wonder how different it would be in Germany, Japan, or Sweden
Me watching this: "what is science curiosity and how do you quantity it?"
Pretty sure I did a question like this in grade 5.
The best part about the famous number on gun deaths in the US is asking “but who shot whom?” The answer will blow your mind.
We have to be careful about how the questions are asked here. Do people need to take the test results as facts or just as a simple question in the context of this test. I think the study is mixing up things because the nature of the questions is fictitious, but the questions are presented as facts.
I was asking for a khi2 or a fisher exact test before thinking there is any differences...
For the question about skin cream, I think it would be important to know how big the control group is vs the test group.  Some members in the trial would have shown no change, and there are probably a dozen other factors that would explain why it helped some people and not others.  Presenting data in a format like this can oversimplify the conclusion, which can be misleading and ultimately force people to fill in the missing pieces with their own preconceptions.
Didn't this experiment fail to independently replicate?  The numerous comments on this video pointing out the design limitations of this experiment probably explain why.
We don’t do math in a vacuum. As with any question, we use our lived experience to influence our answer. If something is inconsistent with how we think the world works, we’re more likely to doubt the inconsistency than our world view. Most of the time this is a great way to develop knowledge but sometimes it leads us to be biased.
But what if the reason that they didn't immediately believe the study was that they weren't able to fact check in that moment and the results "felt off". I mean it was a fikticious study afterall and some of the "smarter" people may actually know real studys about those topics. therefore they don't immediately believe a study that a random guy off the street just showed them without being able to fact check it, especially if it goes against other real studys they may have seen in the past.
Yayyyy, my degree in psychology (which is mostly tested on questions like this) finally pays off
So, I have a question  If the control groups were the exact same size, in the first example of the cream: Didnt the cream make it better, but with a higher potential of making it worse as well?   In the non-cream use side, simply more people had a neutral response meaning: Not better or worse.  In the cream use side, more people had a positive response, but in comparison also more people got worse meaning the cream was not for them.
2:50 wait, is that Dave Jacobs? The superhuman athlete?
Contention skews numeracy...
I dont understand, can anyone explain?😅
So am I stupid or is it just because I keep doubting myself and check a lot
There is no right answer for the wrong question
How do you measure science comprehension & science curiosity?
The questions were trivially simple. Nothing about this was surprising. Half the nation did not see that Biden was senile, are enjoying the wars around the globe, and could not care less that no one knows who is leading the country, and just accept Kamala's coup against Biden.
Has this been studied in more countries?  It seems to me as an outsider than in the US, politics has become very tribal, almost religious.  Most people have ideological leaning in some way, but the US style system isn't reflective of the whole world.
I think you should also point out the correlation between numeracy ad politics. May be that conservative have lower numeracy? Otherwise, can people become conservative because their numeracy is not good?
Can't this be justified by the people simply having other data already in their head?  If I present data about an unknown cream the partecipant will know only what I tell him.    If I present data about something that the partecipant is already familiar with and about which has internalized already a lot of data his judgement will be based on the whole amount of data he has available.  A bit like, if the cream was made by a mixture of uranium, anthrax and mercury, when presented with the rash increased rash decreased graph, the high numeracy people will be wary of believing it and will make up other justifications in their minds based on how they already know that putting anthrax on your skin isnt a smart thing to do
Banger video I am curious if this research has the same results in different areas of the world or if it is partially affected (increased/decreased) by culture I always feel like to Americans (in general) it is much more important to be part of a tribe compared to the people around me.  But for sure I may have a blind spot and be biased.
Why the thumbnail look like rowan from viva la dirt league
how'd this get political
Would n't it be interesting to study this effect in a society where there is no two party system? The 'congres' in The Netherlands has 16 political party's....
wai-  does crime improved mean the crime rate got high or did the crime rate got low lmao??? crime worsened means the crime got decreased ??? I didn't get the grammar and its kinda like an oxymoron for the gun crime thingy I get the skin care thing
Does it not also reflect the relative trust in medical studies vs "political" studies? When in doubt people fall back on their prejudices.
Isn't the "Gun Control" one a bit of a bad pick for this kind of study? There are a lot more sociological factors that will influence this kind of study. If we take away the single firearm in a Town it's might not reduce gun deaths, while taking half of the guns away in a 5000 firearm city might decrease it by a lot.
How do you measure science curiosity independently of science comprehension?
(Because these are usually trick questions) My mind jumped to thinking the unequal sample size and the sample being quite small was an issue.
My issue with the opening question was there feels to be not enough information xP Like how many people are in each group starting in total ? Are the people that wasn’t mentioned who’s rashes that neither improved or worsen ? Is the question about weighing the risk and benefit or is just a binary comparison to the most likely result ?
My issue is most of my tribe is left, I used to be too actually. But the left has become a totalitarian tightrope where you have to agree to with every radical progressive idea, even when they are evil, totalitarian, racist and anti-scientific. I feel most of my friends just do the "rational" heard mentality thing and agrees with the group unquestioningly. But I just can't, so I became a "secret" nationalist, conservative liberal. Lol.
So getting the question right means youre either really smart or really dumb
Already the first question is flawed. What study has more people in one group over the other? Why are there only 129 people using the no cream and 298 people using the new cream?
So faith clouds you rationality ?
where are the smart people if only americans are involved?
Smarter people didn't actually do worse, there was just no effect of numericity on getting the question right. That is a huge difference, I can't believe you got that wrong
The question is wrong. The question should be does skin cream improve the skin relative to no cream.
Isn’t this just an example of cognitive bias?
While I get what you were going for with this video, I don't think you handled the interviews as well as you usually do. Of course you can't expect to go to a political rally, show people numbers that disagree with their sentiment (which remember if they have high numeracy, they are more likely to have done their own research) without sources and expect them to deal with it as if it's a math problem.   Now it would be a different story if this is how you presented it from the start. Whether it would work to actually relate numeracy with political beliefs is a different question, but it would at least be a start.
My question is, was the hypothetical gun control study presented as fact or a hypothetical? If you present something as a real situation, people will default to what they already know is true, whereas a hypothetical removes something from its context.
Skin  cream did make the rash better, why are we using the second table in the first place, 223 people had  their rash improved remaining 75 had it worsened, Second table is only used to compare not using cream or using it. In the end the cream did make rash better but not using cream would have made it MORE better
Am I dumb because I got it right?
I love this video. I got the question right and don't know how to feel about it, but I'm already fairly aware that I'm not super intelligent...so it's probably nothing to worry about.
How does doing the actual math make me dumber again?
You can also notice this when they answer the question, they put forward some of their thoughts/reasoning. They have different assumptions, thoughts, reasoning and conclusion to answer what is correct to them.
I got it wrong when it was rash cream, does that make me smart or stupid?  I should also not have done this before bed lol  Edit: I think it makes me smart according to this but I feel like the title is referring to thr when it’s guns so therefore I think it means I’m stupid?
If I'm being honest, I would likely have just questioned the study/table either way. I mean with a cream the numbers would make sense because a few hundred people it's tested on seems reasonable. But for gun violence/crime rates, I'd question what the numbers mean. Like they seem too low to be the absolute numbers of more or less crime in multiple cities. And it has to be multiple cities because the crimes that drop can't be from the same city as the crimes that increase because you can only compare crime rates from the past to crime rates now, they can't decrease and increase at the same time. Also, for a study on skin cream it makes sense that you have only the absolute data, it would still be better if you have more data like percentages, amount that the rash got better/worse,... but the simplification still works. A thing like gun control is much more complex and it depends on how laws restrict the guns, how many cities were taken into account, what crimes where taken into account, if the numbers represent crime rate what the magnitude is (like it makes a difference if it's 50 crimes less in a city that had 5000 or in a city that had 500), and more.  I don't think that a piece of paper with 4 numbers without units or any description of what the numbers actually mean and no additional data would be enough for me in any way. Like, with the skin cream I don't really care either way because it's just some product but with the guns and other real issues it's just not enough no matter which way the study points to.  Maybe that's just me liking to read studies and look at research. I would probably have asked to see the source where it comes from, but I think only for the gun topic because that's interesting to read. A random skin cream doesn't sound interesting. Also, if that may be interesting, I'm diagnosed with autism, so that also may have something to do with my look on things.  Also, I wouldn't have been found at any political rally or stuff like that. And I'm European so even less likely in the US. If anything you would have found me on a pride parade, lol.
There is one major problem with the question and that is that it fakes numbers. That is the same as asking people to reject all their prior knowledge on a specific subject. If I was shown a study that gives evidence for something that I know is factually wrong, if I'm not aware from the start that the numbers are fake I might interpret everything incorrectly because of prior knowledge, and if I know that the numbers are fake then I might get very suspicious.
In the first question shouldn't the control group and the test group be the same number on people? The test group would have been 298 and the control group would have been 128. I'm i missing something?
What I found odd about the way the skin cream question was posed is HOW the data was displayed, with control and experiemental group as rows instead of columns. I found myself straining to "rotate" the chart in my head so I could compare the left and right columns in the top row (which is what I knew I needed to do), because what my brain WANTED to do was compare the top row and bottom row in the left column (as the guy at 0:59 did). I wouldn't have written the data out like this myself, and given that swapping the columns changed the result, I wonder if flipping the X and Y axes might make it easier for people to get the right answer.
I have a genius level IQ and I got the question right. So the correlation is unsubstantiated in my case.
I mean, with the gun control question I feel like you can't quite use the same format. Crime might have decreased in more areas compared to places where in increased, but it resultet in more crime in general right? For example. If you push out a law and it results in decreased crime in  most states but increased crime in general, doesn't that mean the law didnt objectively improve the situation? Maybe I'm missing something
please add 'on avarage' to the question, because it's misleading.
If you're smart and you failed this questions, you're just not smart enough. It's that simple.   Success creates attempt, attempt creates mistake, mistake creates failure, failure creates success. Problem is, most ppl stopped at failure, while others skipped the mistakes by copying others and cheating, so they never got enough attempt to be "smart".
Honestly, it's very disturbing how a simple 'math' question goes over so many people's head....  'Oh no, this is math!'
I would be interested to know whether this phenomenon is similarly strong in other countries. During my studies in the USA, I had the impression that the American mindset is not very strongly influenced by facts...
Also, Just looking at the bigger number are the smarter people?
Why is the volume so loud in this video? If I watched this on my TV at the lowest setting it would still be too loud.
It's very rational to suspect the data , the study and the person who is asking you a loaded political question on a subject you already have done a ton of research...
I got 1:37 correct.  I feel like anyone with a strong science background is not going to struggle with this question.  However, I would like to comment normally the control group and the experimental group should have had an equal number of participants.  There were more than twice as number of people in the experimental group.  This does effect the stats and significance.
Interesting that a simple odds ratio question can be affected by personal beliefs. Good video
Do people really struggle this much with that question? I found it super easy.
bruh, i can't even understand the question.
How does this explain a Trump supporter when all their friends and colleagues are Democrats? This doesn't fit your explanation.
"... a type of question where the more intelligent you are the more likely you are to get it wrong. So I asked my American friend..." Whoah 😅
What king of uneducated people served as panel to those question, even a child would answer properly
Who is going to study the science of the science of science communication?! 😩
7:07 So, can we say that the individual biases can significantly influence how people really understand and interpret information and events?
The data table needs big label: FICTITIOUS DATA IMO people didn't understand the question, as they stubborn in this question. Or maybe that's part of the experiment?
the questions and the data provided are not sufficient and people are just answering randomly without even understanding/having some what enough data to a statistical questions.
whats the background music?
More the smartness, greater your dumbness?
I would be sceptical of any study that someone shoves in my face on the street, as there are so many flawed studies out there and you can cherrypick anything you need to proove your point. I would even question the hand cream one, as pharma is not exactly known for their honesty.
How smart is the person who does not get this realy? OMG how low did we get?
Tbh, the first question itself seems kinda flawed to me, because from given numbers the ratio isn't even the same. There should've been a fixed sample size for both people who used and people who didn't, let's say 500 people used cream and 500 didn't and then the improved or worsen data should've been collected. Because what I understand is that, people who have improved from cream are more than twice and who got worse are more than thrice, that means people with cream got worse. But in order to collect data there weren't any fixed no. of people, so I don't know whether that would be correct or not 😬
"Rash Improved" means "Rash Reduced"? 😂  I think the ambiguous terms definitely corrupted the results making the research unreliable..
Could there be an issue, where the people in power stand to gain from polarization, and are therefore encouraging it? The different leaders, (political, cultural, spiritual, economical, you name it) are not on different teams. They are all on one team, and we are on the other. Don't let them divide us!
Is this also as big of an issue in less polarized regions? has this research been done in places that are not the USA?
What I want to know is why the lowest numeracy scores are consistently more accurate than the mid-range numeracy scores.
Why you don't add other Audio track  I can do it both Hindi for INDIA and Bangla for Bangladesh and West Bengal
You really based your video on a paper that didn't pass peer review?
For the first one I just calculated the relative risk - is that cheating?
But isn't the problem with the made up gun control study that there are maybe people who actually have already heard this and that about the effects of gun control. And they will be severely confused by the data you have shown.
The point you left out is that most studies are created to show a certain point and thus you should ask who made the study, who funded it, especially for political topics. Smarter people know that.
What about groups in the studies that had „no change“??
So, doing studies to improve political decision isn't the solution?... The humans are
I wonder how much of this is a built in tendency toward Bayes Theorem.
7:50 "illegal crime" 😂 What type of crime is _legal_ crime?
9:28 what is use if this image here
I'm dummer than dummer...I didn't understand the question... that's why I hate every politician...I guess
Oh can I ask where the graph is for more immigration and crime. You shown a graph with Republican talking point with biases. Where is the graph with democratic talking point with biases.
Interesting...just one flaw; is democracy really based on logic and reason? Are we all like Spock? Maybe not...
9:29 why is there a stock footage of some crowd in India? so random??
Tilt half full glass of water, ask a woman how full it is now
Well, if political framing of a numerical riddle changes the accuracy of your answer, that's the hint that your numeracy scores are distorted in the first place.
On the first question I thought “making the rash better, does he mean that the cream benefitted the rash itself, making it more apparent?” I think this kind of stuff through, waaaay too much.
In the rash question were there any results where the condition did not change ?
Thanks for making this video - the world needs more careful, measured, scientific thinking. Showing us how bad we are at rational thinking definitely helps us avoid getting entrenched, and question our logic.
Why would a study have a sample ratio mismatch like that?
isn't this just like confirmation bias in a way
In this video: setting the question up in a way specifically designed to fool people, fooled people. Shocking!
What about a demagogue?  What about religion?  The choice is stark... the choice is between an angry cult of personality and a rational debate.
A lot of this will stem from one's trust in media, and people thinking about the meta of the situation when being quizzed. They feel/know they are being watched, and that the people presenting probably have skewed information. I'd be interested to see how people were introduced to the problem-set
People familiar with causal inference (smart or not) will probably get the question right 😄
5:26 How many skylines can you recognize?
I don't know about this doc, I almost didn't graduate HS due to my math skills being so horrendous, despite being put in the math class for people with disabilities and still almost failing that, my numeracy score should have failed me here with understanding the data, but it somehow didn't.  Does being commited to open-mindedness, and trying to look at data objectively somehow override these deficiencies?
Isn't this a study that can't be replicated? Because last I checked, it couldn't be replicated.
I see a question like this and instantly reach for a calculator 😅there is only one answer the calculator never lies. (Unless its one of those stupid ones that math wrong in certain situations)
Let  me guess. The cream was more likely to be used by people with more severe rashes that are more likely to get worse than rashes that did not prompt treatment.
Wait'll you include in your calculations that not all "tribes" have equal violent crime statistics globally.
Is that University of Arizona?
My hypothesis: Political people are beyond stupid
Are the scientists assembling these studies not just as susceptible to predetermined biases when cherry picking the results?
Turns out I'm stupid. Yay! got the question right though.
With the skin cream question, no cream is not a valid control.  The subjects know whether they're applying cream.  If the phrasing of the question is about the real implications, I'm likely to say no, the study didn't show anything.  If the phrasing is something like which direction these numbers seem to point, I would give the "right" answer.  On the skin-creme question, it's easier to be accepted as asking the neutral which-direction question.  On a political question, being more numerate gives you more resources with which to critique the question and say how the numbers don't really show what they purport to show, thereby getting the "wrong" answer -- which counts as "wrong" even if the critique is valid.
In the first one I immediately think thats a bad study, it would have needed a placebo creme. Therefore the results do not answer the question.
I think there's one fundamental flaw in the question being asked about whether people would change their minds if faced with good data. They were asked if they would change their mind if faced with data **THEY considered** "Good". But the most common way people reject good data is not by agreeing it's good and not changing their mind, but by *not agreeing it's good data*.
where is part 2 of the least action video? 😢
What about the independents? They were a large chunk of the pie graph at the beginning of the video but then ignored for the rest of the video.
The question about the cream is tricky considering the different sample sizes
Shouldn't we have equal number of people for no cream and with cream? Thats what makes it tricky.
If someone has higher numeracy, the only problem at that point, is validity of data. They had reasonable scrutiny, if they've gained from real evidence previously. Political ideologies aren't necessarily arbitrarily obtained.
The answer depends on the sample size of each, if there's any hidden data representing "no change", and whether you consider "improving" and "worsening" to be equally opposite outcomes.
Smart people struggling? At last, my time to shine!
The problem here, is in fact, probably not about numeracy, but about the liability of data and trust in science.   Especially in the recent years, we have seen more and more tentative to manipulate opinion with made up data (e.g. by formulating questions in a way that influence the answers) or by abusing science - and this might lead to a situation where people will fall back on their common sense instead of accepting abstract hypothesis, which they feel, it can be used to manipulate their opinion.
I paused as soon as the skin creme question was presented. I was pretty sure I picked the correct answer, (skin creme was worse) though I was also cautious in that assumption in case there was something I wasn't accounting for logically. Additionally, I was like "well, if this was real-world, we'd also have to consider the possibility of lurking variables that could give misleading results."  So, technically I got it right although I was not fully confident in my conclusion. But here's the lurking variable I don't have a way to eliminate in my own case: I knew the title of the video, "On These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse" which set up an expectation for me that there was either a single or multiple layer of counter-intuitive logic, which may have contributed to me taking my time carefully with the problem and ultimately *leaning* towards the correct answer. (And at the time of writing this, I've only watched to 2:07, perhaps the other puzzles will trick me.)
Why only one ‘thumbs up’? Excellent video, if only all Americans could see it before tomorrow!
Did he pronounce “reduced” as “redoosed”? 😂 Learn the “you” sound. You wouldn’t pronounce perfume as “perfoom”.   I appreciate too lemonade costume as costoom but please try & speak properly
Just curious, how was science curiosity measured?
Well smoothly transitioned from a skin cream quiz  to a gun quiz.
"Did the skin cream make it better?" The bottom set of numbers is irrelevant to this specific question.  The question is not "Did the skin cream do worse than the placebo?"(or non treatment, it really should have been a placebo)  _____  Gun control.  Numeracy didn't help because it's about cognitive bias here.  They want to see what they want to see.  (Confirmation bias?)  It's very clear in the answers sampled in the video, people are rationalizing why they think what they do(less guns = less crime from D), and virtually ignoring the numbers....unless the numbers confirm their bias.   The above two things are completely different ideas.  ______  People tending to keep their partisan beliefs despite DATA?  BECAUSE ISSUES LIKE CIVICS(ala gun control) ARE NOT ONLY ABOUT DATA, but a complex array of ethics, principles, and personal values.  Some people don't value the second amendment.  Some people really do value, under the auspice of self defense(and defending others).  This is not a data driven issue, it is ideologically driven.  A fake study about efficacy of crime reduction, or lack of efficacy, has nothing to do with the principle of self defense.  If you, or your sister, or some other person were being victimized by someone stronger, one would often hope that they have a viable means of stopping that victimization in it's tracks.  Statistical data about crime rates has nothing to do with the concept of someone you love being in a situation like that.  Jesus you're a lackwhit sometimes, Derek.
Finally, a question I know I'll get right
Good thing if you're not invested in politics, those kinds of questions don't affect you. I have so much apathy, at this point the math is more fascinating than the opinion.
This is nothing. Ask democrats if inflation was better during Biden/Harris administration, numeracy will go down the toilet and they will say yes 100%.
What about ppl without political beliefs?
In the skin cream question, the ONLY correct answer is "insufficient data". Correlation does not equal causation, and there is no data to suggest that rashes got better or worse due to the cream.
There is a hank green video that reminds me of these "studies". Where Hank talks about a math equation debate. What I think the right answer here is that, the questions themselves are fundamentally wrong. Decreased crimes with gun control or decreased gun related crimes with gun control? Do you think the latter is the right question?
Where is the song from for the intro of first 5 seconds, sounds familiar ??
Where would you even find an honest data these days..? 😂
To validate survey should be asked process they made to arrive to that conclusions...
Am I too non-american to understand this video or what?
WTF is this like ratio
I don’t tells a person with a background in any research would know that the skin cream question is unanswerable, as no studies look for causality, they just look for correlation.  Also how can every patient have the same rash at the beginning?
I wonder if there’s a follow up study. I would bet it shows people continue to make the mistake, even when they’re told that they’re doing it
The fact that the numbers were fake throws a wrench into the equation. Its a bit of a mind/focus trick. Are you searching for an answer to the issue, or an approach to reaching a correct answer to any question given the expressed numbers? People get caught in that dilemma, or actually, trap themselves in it.
when she says she only sees you as a friend, and you think it just means you need to sweep her off her feet with grander and grander romantic gestures
No why are there no total participants and why are thery more subjects than controls. Are we not being shown who's rash didn't worsen or didnt get better. But if they are showing all the people then the number between the groups makes it hard to proportion it correctly.
Smart people did better overall regardless of the framing of the question.  They just lost more smartness because they have more smartness to lose
Woukd be interesting to do this exact same study except instead if numeracy, make it some Autism Spectrum metric.
How do you constructively talk about a local solution to disarm innocent people without resorting to triggering buzz words?
Were they told these studies were fake before hand? I think that would make a big difference. If they thought it was a real study, then (if I understand right) what you are saying it shows is people look at contrary data with more scrutiny.
Who decides what is or isnt "hate speech" or "misinformation" and gets to censor/suppress it?  Serious question. Is it just the party that is in power?  Do we not see how that could be abused?
I'd like to know what the questions were to establish numeracy and what the rubric was for grading it
Huh?😮 it's a 2x2 table, used extensively in epidemiology
IMHO it's just different interpretations of a poorly presented question, the skin cream one. I had read it as "both test groups were the same size, people for whom the cream neither improved not worsened the rash, were omitted". It doesn't make it a logical problem, as it's still risk vs reward & that's subjective, but it's an entirely different conclusion.
Why does the gun control study have to be fictitious? The study could have used real data. Disappointed.
I don't get it. Sounds like those that are biased ignored the numbers. Where does smart or dumb come in?
So if i get it right im stupid, and if i get it wrong and im stupid? So im stupif either way 🎉
I would love to know the distribution of people in high and low numeracy score by party affiliation.
I got the first question right....Im I dumb?
the question is inherently flawed. The question was "did the skin cream make the rash better or worse." This question does not suggest that the answer is related to the results of no skin cream, so that is assumed and completely undermines the reasoning in 75% of this video
My question is how to improve numeracy in our ?
Hi guys i love almost everyone of your videos but the click bait titles are so bad an uninformative that i have a reaction to not want tot watch the video. please can you reconsider and stand on the quality of your content rather than trying to trick people into watching it or whateever the plan is with this terrible style of title. thanks for reading my comment
I would have gotten that question correct when I was 6 years old.  What kind of "smarter" people are you talking about?
Is being able to identify the bigger number make you smart?
I went directly to count the ratio, not how big the number is. Only children and stupid person will do that. However, on gun question, I will ask first, where did he get the data? Or is it fictitious? If it's fictitious, then I'll still give the correct answer with angry face😏.
but what's the real data on gun control????
why is the control group so much smaller?
nothing can describe how proud i was of myself that i got the first question right
"An element of TRUTH"?
And of course the researchers were not immune to a good bit of ambiguous question phrasing:  "Crime improved" Huh? The crime bosses made more money? More women were successfully raped? "Crime worsened" Huh? The police and the politicians reversed themselves and got some thugs off the streets?  The trouble with two-word buzz phrases are a) they are inherently meaningless, and b) the group using them inherently cannot comprehend this.
Is this veritasium’s most unscientific video yet? The rash cream question is a mathematical question. The political control question is a political question.   Of course you’re not going to get the same amount of numerical answers
Why would the smarter person try to alter the evidence according to their perspective? Part of intelligence is learning new information and adapting based on that, being rigid with ones own beliefs isnt something i would expect that to be a falacy a smarter person would fall into.  Unless they're set in their ways because they've already looked at both sides, and therefore, arent willing to accept the seemingly false evidence before them going against their perspective? But still, evidence is evidence and you should be flexible on your views to some degree. None of us know everything no matter how smart we are.
The fact that so many people can be confronted with what is clearly a math problem and turn it into a political commentary is exactly why everything is as bad as it is.   Because people are just plain stupid.   They couldn't muster the miniscule amount of critical thinking skills to look at the question discern that it's not a political question, it's a math question. Nearly every clip in this video is people talking about a multitude of stuff that is completely and utterly irrelevant to the question being asked. Thats why they get the wrong answer more often. They're answering the wrong question, and they aren't smart enough to even realize what's actually being asked.
Maybe we are more concerned with how the data is gathered and by who? It is difficult for the person gathering data on a political issue to remove their bias from their process.
This is more like James Clear's article on "Why do facts don't change our minds?"!
So.... fragile people who think they are smarter than average?
A minute in, and I am questioning how large were the groups and the number of people with no change to their rash.
That question did not fool me... so I am stupid 😢
Really really like to see this same study done in many different countries, would it be the same? Interesting
how do we wind up in these political tribes in the first place.  It can't just be social since lots of people are at odds with the social groups.  So how does someone wind up in the liberal tribe?  There is more to it
There are 3 answers to the question, and they are all wrong: pro cream, anti cream, and "let the numbers decide". Both pro and anti cream are wrong because of a confirmation bias not based on fact, and "letting the numbers decide" is also wrong because the numbers can be undermined, for example: can the source of the numbers be trusted, someone can come up with different numbers (who's numbers do you trust?), and do you really understand how the numbers relate to the decision at hand?
The problem now is not to admit that we can be wrong and that we need to question ourselves based on some studies, the problem is : Is that study true ? In who to trust ? Media ? Politics ? Science ? In 2024, it seems that everything is biased by political ideas
I deal with price discrepancy's on PO's, love fractions and only really figured out how to do school by learning test question solving skills you cant fool me lol (tho you 100% can when social stuff is involved)
the only time when i want to get a question wrong
Me after getting the answer right  Am I more smart or more dumb?
Hold on. Why is the conclusion that this result is down to some irrational motivation like tribalism? This question engages a person's rational, deliberative thinking, so there's likely a rational (from the person's perspective) reason for the change. The more straightforward reasoning here is that people perceived an apparent partisan implication in the result and distrust the interviewer as a partisan agent or working on behalf of a partisan agent as a result. In other words, it sounds more like the more people perceive an apparent partisan agenda in scientific data, the more likely they are to distrust it. That's the problem of a polarized political enviroment where any benal factoid can be turned into a partisan issue and suddenly no one can agree on what a fact even is.
how can you call it data when it is made up ?
Maybe I'm dumb but why do smart people do worse on these questions? What metric makes these people smarter?
Shouldn’t the term “crimes improved” be wrong?
But if you avoid political language, how are you going to manipulate and control the populace?
okay well asking people in arizona was obviously flawed in this video, all of our brains are fried by the heat
Man I got the question wrong because you were talking about smarter people getting it wrong, so i chose the opposite of my original answer. That's for question 1.
I am at 3 minutes and my thought is what were the actual sizes of the two groups, because there is no information for people who had no change in the rash. If the groups were the same size originally, then that means a greater percentage got better with the cream, AND more got worse. It other words, the cream looks to be efficacious, but also has a side effect where it can make a rash worse.  Now to watch the rest.  Edit: Yeah, it didn't go that way. lol
What about those of us who see both parties as equally deluded and can see the mess both make on different issues? I have always found it shocking that people pick a party and back them so completely when both are terrible on certain topics and both are corrupt. I can definitely see abhorrent acts by individual politicians that turn me off going anywhere near endorsing them, but that doesn't mean the other guy or gal is good.
What kind of bubbles did these participants live in? And how many of them have close relationships with people from the other side? …seems like an important factor.
If you “improve” a rash, doesn’t it get worse? If someone improves at robbing banks, is not that worse? I would have to define terms before proportionally answering this question.
I wonder how safe the average person in Chicago feels…or nyc.
I find the responses that people gave to the question about whether or not data could change their opinions vs. what we actually saw. Especially since I personally base most of my political opinions on philosophy (deontological, not utilitarian), not data, whereas they seem to think the data should be the primary determinant.
It's weird how many of them were trying to rationalize fake data, claiming that if they had more information, they could provide a better answer, when it's a simple numerical comparison.  As if they could see that the data didn't agree with their personal belief, so they tried to find some justification for why the data was wrong or inadequate.
Genuine question - is there good data underlying any big Republican national policy? It's good to know the effect is on both sides, but pragmatically, I don't know that Republicans are using data at all.  Maybe I'm just showing my tribe, though.
it could be due to the environment they were answering in. I have done hours of maths calculations on my desk so my math brain can very easily kick in here, im also used to tricky questions so that could also be it. On the street outside under the sun, things might be different.
first question: oh that just a proportion, little deceptive but not hard. 2nd question: oh I remember the numberphile video on this didn't realize the skim cream question was the control question for it.
Were the samples told the numbers were made up and didnt necessarily reflect real world data? If not i think that messes with the assumptions some people would have made. Nearly everyone would fail to read the data correctly regardless of what it covered so by applying the gun labels it helped them gloss over the numbers which they dont know how to read and give an answer they believed to be true without "needing" to make proper sense of the data on the page.
What is the correct answer? There didn't even seem to be a control group who used an inactive cream (to filter out placebo effect). The results could have been entirely that the people who applied cream judged their rashes differently than those who didn't. There's also the question of number of participants. Were there 1000 people in each study? Then even the cream only helped 1 in 5 people, not every effective.
Damn I really wish he didn't spoil the question... I really wanted to see if I could get it right or not
Bro how does John Veritasium or whatever his name is have such amazing facial hair. I NEED that level of even hair spacing.
is there footage of Veretasium asking people these questions, also notice the numaracy ability, if we restrict ourselves to the 7,8 and 9 we see an upwards trend for all parties and all questions
See Jonathan Haidt on "must I believe this?" vs "can I believe this?" when it comes to evaluating new evidence.
So may people queuing up to answer the question XD
Is the gun control one not just a trick question..? A rash is a rash, it is a specific reaction of the skin becoming inflamed, but crime is not just a singular crime, it's an umbrella of many things that break the law, many of which have no relation to guns. A study that vague would be akin to using people without rashes in the rash cream study.
I think the biggest problem with the question is the disparity in the data sizes. The non-skin cream group was less than half the size of the skin cream group meaning that the proportions may have been significantly off, just like flipping a coin 100 times doesn't guarantee a 50-50 split and normally requires larger sample sizes to establish the pattern. Just my thoughts though, haven't finished the vid yet.
Isn't this Cognitive Bias and Cognitive Dissonance?
Seems like people were questioned in political settings.  This leaves an entire group of people like myself out of the equation. The logical, apolitical people that just search for good ideas.
Are the "experimental" and the "control" groups the same size?  ie- are there people in one or both groups that experienced "no change" and aren't listed in the results?  That could account for a lot of people thinking the experimental side is better, if they just assumed there were.  Which, in reality, there probably would be.
Out of curiosity, were these trends found at all levels of tribalism or only in the most polarizing ones? Like I feel that a common phrase is to not talk about politics OR religion so I'm curious if religious beliefs or lack thereof lead to similar results. I would also be curious if this applies at smaller groups of tribalism, say what sports team is your favorite or even whether or not you like a specific food. I hypothesize that there is a direct correlation to the degree of tribalism since with the examples I just listed I feel people are more likely to accept differing views as simply a difference of environment, culture, etc, an issue that doesn't have what is perceived as a distinct correct or incorrect answer.
Worse, 3:1 vs 5:1 let's find out
Now these are the kind of SAT questions that appear on the second module.
Here is my favourite riddle, it is a little bit mean, though, but I think it’s insightful. There are two planets, on both planets everybody lives to 80 years old. On both planets, everybody pairs up and has two kids. The only difference is on planet A People have their kids when they’re 20 years old. On planet B people have their kids when they’re 40 years old.  What is the difference in the long-term population of the two planets?  The weird part is, no matter how many kids these people have already had, or how smart they seem to be, nobody seems to get the answer to this riddle. The planet A Where people have their children when they’re 20 will have double the population of planet B.  I honestly can’t believe how ignorant people are to this problem. To me it shows how little people actually know when they think they know everything. And also how little thought they have put into understanding how their actions affect the globe. I honestly can’t believe how many people have kids And get this problem completely arse up. Such little understanding. Very disappointing in my opinion. 😢  You should try surveying people with this question, it would be hilarious to see all the people get this one wrong. Please please, please please please do it. If I had to align myself with some kind of ideology, it would be that I’m a massive sceptic About humans and their inflated opinions. Please ask this question and help Reveal just how little people know.
Isn't this just bias? I don't understand what this has to do with being smart or not as it affects everyone
How do they define high numeracy though?  I'd like to think the top .1% in "numeracy" would end up overcoming their bias.
How is the “intuitive answer” just to pick the biggest number? I think the most (only?) intuitive answer would be to figure out the success rate as a percentage for each option. Simply picking the biggest number strikes me as more of a “I don’t actually care about this so I’ll just pick that one” answer.
This one seems easy to explain. You're turning a math question into a question about whether or not studies are valid. Math has a set of correct answers, but anyone with any sense knows you can get a study to say anything. The smarter people understand this dynamic. There's a whole, you know, replication crisis.
wtf are those questions? people really have trouble with those kind of question? Like really?   "smart people do worse because they see big number". No thats a dumb person imo.
7:00 no this is not the same question and data. First situation, it's a cream, scientifically tested where other factor are controlled. (only difference between group is the cream so you can isolate it and have good data) Second situation, it's crime report, where other crime factor are and cannot be controlled. (many many many difference between group, you cant isolate the "gun control" factor" and the data are trash)
So why do children reject their parents beliefs?
But what does the truth say.
Tbh the first table confused me.
My guess is it accidentally discovered disbelief in politicized question being "scientifically" studied, for more info consult british comedy yes prime minister on how to make poll fit your narrative
The challenge is that data isn't the only input to policy decisions. There are also values. Consider: would you believe it was fine to torture to death small children if it cured cancer in an elderly person? How about 10 middle-aged adults? Would a chart showing a vast gain of QALYs be sufficient? Or would you stand and say that torturing small children is immoral, regardless of the numbers?
Okay but how do you objectively quantify most of these things enough to put on an x-axis; "Numeracy", "Ordinary Science Intelligence", "Actively Open-minded Thinking (z-score)"? They  honestly seem to get  more subjective as the argument goes on. I get the point is (subjective) bias in examining data, but what does that mean when the very data itself is already measuring the subjective??
OK, but where do I get that cream for my rash?
I got the question right. Maybe because I am familiar with... _statistical terrorism_
Man I'm still stuck on numeracy. How is score figured out and what do the scores 0-9 mean?
Errrrrr .... so an entirely arbitrary definition of numeracy was used .... ?
An interesting question to ask people is, what is your most extreme belief that goes against how you identify? What is a conservative's most progressive idea or a progressive's most conservative idea.   Me? I'm a conservative. My most progressive ideas are that we should build walkable cities, with all of the zoning deregulation and other challenges that that entails, and that we should implement Utahism, the redrawing of state boundaries such that states better contain individual political groups rather than their current arbitrary lines so that people can feel more like their state represents them rather than some majority in their current state.
Why are you getting political with a bias on pro liberal politics? Could it be you want to endorse someone specific?
Are they disputing the statistical correlation or merely the conclusion of the study? For a simple clinical trial about skin cream with only one variable, that's more or less the same thing. But for a political issue such as gun control there's going to be far more variables, variables that politically minded people are going to be more aware of and thus dispute a conclusion of a study even if they can recognize a statistical correlation.
skin cream question is pretty dumb. shouldn’t the groups be equal? and shouldn’t there be a section for no changes?
If I was shown the study where "Gun control laws improve crime", I would automatically question the results.
@Veritasium would have been good to know how they determined "Numeracy"?  Also This American Life just had a segment on a journalist at Tangled successfully convincing people the election was not stolen by avoiding the buzz words that are used by each side.
that rash creme question is tricky because you automatically presume the number of people in both the placebo and creme groups was equal and that there was also people who didn’t have any change in the severity of the rash and thus weren’t categorised in resulting statistics as better nor worse..   the resulting stats of that fake study also have a ratio that is making sense and further nurturing this presumption of an existence of that unmentioned third “no change” stat in both groups as the placebo group would have naturally much less response to treatment and so for the majority of them to fall into the unmentioned “no change” stat while the experimental creme actually having some pronounced effect, positive in most, negative in the rest - thus splitting the group more strongly into the one or another category, leaving only a few non-responders compared to the placebo group
Have there been any cross-cultural versions of this study?  Is this worse in America where people are primed to be very tribal?  Is it even worse in societies where tribal structures have even higher stakes of actual punishment or ostracism?  Is it better in places where people feel tribalism less on a daily basis?
5:53 The headers of the table are CONFUSING!  "Crime improved" is marked with an UP-ARROW?  What does this mean? "Improved" / "Worsened" is from the perspective of criminals? More intuitive would be "Crime Reduced" (DOWN-ARROW).
My solution to this is to follow the Sócrates filosofy.  I question all my beliefs.  I know that I know nothing (it is from another filisofist, I know )  But now I consider myself a Socratic person who uses maieutics and epistemology to evaluate my beliefs.  It works very well😊
What do I believe in and why do I believe it?
Me who got the question wrong because I'm a dumbass: My genius... it's almost frightening...
Why can’t we make both candidates work together? And run as one?
My problem with the question was that the control group was barely over a third of the experimental group.   I would like to see this done with specially selected individuals and let's get this FDA approved pronto.
Are graphs on 11:46 also fake data? I'm asking because in video they are sounding like actual observation of the same people but grouped differently along x axis, but it couldn't be right - there is quite a lot of blue below .6 (even .4 and .3) on the left chart and there is no blue below .6 on right chart. If only difference is with ordering on x axis they still should be somewhere on the right chart, maybe in a different percentile, but there is suddenly non blue below .6. So those groups are very different and should not be compared.
Your comparing a hypothetical question to a real life question, with actual data. The results are likely to be skewed to what the person actually believes.
3:03 she doesn’t understand that it is a hypothetical question. The rash and cream are just variables that were picked. The question is only about the numbers.
I just used GPT-4o and asked the same question and it got it Right. I litteraly given the screenshot of the chart about the cream and gave it a bit of context it reasoned just as Darren and came to the right conclusion in seconds
How weird. To me this question is just math and the subject of it doesn’t matter. It’s like asking if 2+2=4 and people getting it wrong because of their beliefs.
What does "crime improved" even mean? What does putting "107 crime improved" mean? Did crime rates reduce by 107? Were there 107 less deaths from guns? Did the average death toll decrease by 107?
If you get it right are you a smarter smart person or a dumb person? Asking for a friend
I'm curious if this applies to me, and if so, how.  I'm not saying I'm immune to irrational thinking, but I have always rubbed everyone the wrong way.  I've never had any inclination to fit in or choose a side.  For instance there are things I agree with democrats on, things I agree with republicans on, and things I disagree with both on.  So I think I might be immune to tribal thinking (for better or for worse).  That said, I may still be subject to ignoring the data to cling to preconceptions that I'm invested in for non-tribalistic reasons...
International Charge for groundnews??  Is the USA economy so poor at the moment you couldn't keep the business in the USA for USA news?  Hmmm...  I unsubscribed faster than I subscribed after seeing that.  Wished I could get my money back in the USA.
I wonder how much of this effect is just regular confirmation bias and has nothing to do with political bias. Was that controlled for?
Interesting that with the gun control question people were not reasoning about the numbers but rather about their intuition of correlation/causation.  That being said if I saw a study that showed crime dramatically increased with less guns I would also start to question where these numbers came from or what other factors were at play
She was scared to see that people on the other side are like her!?  WHY ARE YOU SCARED!?!?!?!?  What is so scary about knowing that others are no different than you!?
Rash improved?  Or rash went away?  😅
How many people weren't affected for the skin cream study?
Are the cream/gun results even statistically significant? I'd have to run the numbers, but on first glance I doubt it. If not, there would be only one correct answer: can't tell.
Why don't we have a tribe where you signal belonging by disinterested truth seeking and disagreement?
While I immediately calculated the relative percentages and came to the "correct" answer, I questioned why the total numbers were so different (i.e. why didn't they evenly split the experimental and control groups?). If we assume the number of participants in each group are the same (a properly designed study), we get very different results. I kept expecting him to pop up that "gotcha."
Should have asked this question to medical students and doctors. This 2x2 table is an extremely common question on our board exams. It's very easy to calculate the PPV, NPV, Sp, Se, and etc. I think this table gave all of my medical student, resident, and doctor friends nightmares haha.
Is it really about intelligence? clouding in peoples rational reasoning by personal bias don't really have anything to do with being smart or stupid. only thing i can think of to take out of this is that allowing your political beliefs to disturb your judgement makes you less smart in some degree. otherwise clickbait
Maybe I missed it. How are you scoring the numeracy?
Instead of saying something about politics and gnu control I'll just ask a question. What's brown and sticky?  The answer is below...           A poo. 😐
It's not clear if to me if we're counting up every person or every person who saw a change. I'm used to seeing a third 'no effect' group.
Was anyone else bothered by the sample size differences?  I know it's not an absolute requirement, and every study or group is unique.  Still, to effectively relate the concept highlighted in this video, that part was distracting.
I'm curious on how the stats would change if we rated it against how social the people were; like the different between people with low or no friends against people that runs large groups
But correlation is not causation ? just because people get swept by emotions (about politics) and therefore even actually thinking about the numbers presented becomes a coinflip, dosnt mean numeracy hasnt any impact anymore? i dont see how the study deconstructs mere correlation here
I got it right the first time and started to think I’m stupid 😂 and wondered if there’s hidden reasoning behind the question that I’m not aware of
Man you tricked me into thinking that there was a trick that the question was a trick trick question so I got it wrong.
Hot takes here, maybe we need to look in another pov, what if there isnt correlation between gun legislation and crimes rate? We need another variable to answer these issues, tho...
Paused at 0:50 and checking to see how I do on this question. My thought after thinking for two seconds is that the cream made it worse. With the cream, about a third of people got a worse rash, and without it, a fifth. Obviously two thirds and four fifths respectively got it better. Let's see how I do.  At 1:50 now, and yeah. ... Wait... Am I not smart? Oh crud...
I got the cream question right and wish I'd had the opportunity to see if i would have also got the gun control question right.
Here's another question that smart Americans get wrong: how do you pronounce "processes"? The higher level diploma you have, the less likely you are to get it right.
I don't understand the question. Are these numbers crimes per 100,000 people, or percentages, or just numbers? Without indication it means nothing.
Are they recognizing or assuming?
I paused the video and broke out a calculator when the data was first shown. Is that allowed?
Crime improved? So, you got better criminals, or people felt the crimes committed against them were better than the crimes used to be?
The way I thought about the cream question was "out of all the people in both groups, what percent got worse?" In the group with the cream, 25% got worse but in the control group, only 16% got worse. Kind of surprised that's not the intuitive way to think about it, I guess I'm an overthinker haha
Isn't the table different in person (3:02) vs in the animation (1:32)? The numbers are displayed in the same order in both but the rash improved/worsened column titles are flipped.  Edit: nvm it was addressed lol
what if you think both sides are equally bad lol
So nebulous questions results in people filling in the gaps. When smart people can't fill in the gaps, they make assumptions.   It is easy to argue that proportionality is not the only way to answer, so "correct" could be wrong especially without specifics.
How do you include something in a report if it never happened?
The cream question was a trick, in the sense that it was not made clear that the total test subjects for the test and control groups were not equal in size. If there was a Total column, I think many more people would have gone to a proportion analysis rather than absolute numbers. How information is presented is just as important as the basic data itself. This exercise had nothing to do with mathematics but of psychology.
Ere the samples in xpmnt group and control group the same? One has ~double improvement but ~triple worsening
@2:24 how do you figure out someone's numeracy score? Isn't that essential?
So smart people don't change their mind when someone shows them a single study?  That's the smart thing to do.
How do you get the peoples numeracy score? That's an important question
This is fascinating, but aren't you a bit worried that this is one of those studies that doesn't replicate? ...
I got the first question correct, I immediately thought of ratio
How many saw through the poorly drawn up gun control graph?  Crime improved vs Crime worsened? The word choice here is not at all clear. Hundreds of cities in a gun control study? That would have been in the news so either the data is corrupted or completely fabricated
Isn't the whole gun question sort of flawed in that if I was in that situation, I am already aware that the US is the only country wtih the level of gun violence and abundance of guns and have seen data surrounding that, so what are four meaningless numbers in a grid with no methodology going to do to sway my opinion? The numbers provided quite literally don't mean anything and there isn't a lot to try and interpret so naturally people fall back on information they were previously aware of. My initial reaction would be to scrutinise the numbers and figure out the methodology of how they got them before determining whether or not to dismiss it as junk or change my views. All this really shows is that people, consciously or unconsciously, recognise the graph doesn't mean anything and move towards debating their corner instead.
I like how Derek is training some followers to ask public questions, just like he started off on YouTube.
wait, are most people not constantly self-verifying their train of thought?
There is no correlation between the question about the cream and the one about the crime. The first is about a fact regarding oneself, which is quantifiable with a high degree of certainty. The second is about a perception with many variables. If the question were about purchasing power, then there would be a correlation, and they could be compared.
I'm curious how a less polarizing answer option would affect this data. For example, a differently arranged question which would allow a varying agreement. Eg. Some things I would answer probably, but idk....so a 3 of 5 agree.
Is it just me, or were the graphs laid out in a confusing way? Trying to read the data made it harder than just listening to my confirmation bias. Vermin supreme 4 prez.
Þe striking þing þat I feel may be missed here is þat it seems þat people are told clearly þat þese questions are hypoþetical, from made up data
This is BS because this is a very simple ratios question.    The ratio of upper left / upper right  vs  lower left / lower right is the only thing needed.   This is freshman high school math (or middle school in my case or elementary school for my brother).  Anyone getting it wrong can not do arithmetic  AT ALL.
Finally proof that if the issue is sensitive people can be shown the same information and believe different things. Now the question is, what do we do with that? No one changed their minds with the fake data, why would they act differently if they were shown real data?
The use of the click bait image before I watch. Each side can be taken two different t ways it's not exactly clear. Technically it's a noun describing something happening in application. Rash worsening... is it's it the rash that is worsening, or is it the personal implicit meaning the topological cream worsens the rash so it's more rash everywhere... but if the rash itself is worsening that personal rash idealmis the rash is smaller.. the same.goes for the other question, thus asking what exactly people mean would be a Liam Nielson thing... technically the details are better rather than the board. Like cream applied to rashes has  x rate of aiding in removal of rash.. clear.
So instead of gun control and climate change we should use gun change and climate control?
The difference in distribution curves at 7:39 is interesting.  Why is the low numeracy error group more tightly concentrated, with less variance?  Does this further support the position that logic and reasoning are separate from tribalism?
My question is how independents would do in the same study. There is no uniform "Independent" ideology. They vary so much that I don't think the data would be in line with how it would be among liberals and conservatives.
Is anyone actually centrist in the USA? Sitting between being republican and democrat?
Numbers are weird. Isn't 21 out of 128 1/6th, not 1/5th? I thought it was closer to twice as bad with the cream.
Technically speaking, cant you use a proportional 95% confidence interval to determine these results?
Is it more confirmation bias ( I feel bad if I prove I am wrong)  or social bias (I feel bad if I prove my pals are wrong)?
How does one quantify "science curiosity?"
This seems pretty obvious. A random study isn’t going to rewire your beliefs. And a super simple random graph is not going to change someone’s mind off the information they believe to be equally or more accurate. This isn’t just about fitting in, but also how beliefs become part of our working knowledge, and changing them is something that we all need to do consciously and carefully. Believing every graph you see is how misinformation is spread, but not believing anything ever is how we become completely closed minded. Be cautiously open minded, and ask lots of questions, that’s the takeaway! Make sure you understand and agree yourself rather than repeating what others say.
5:23 How many cities can you guess? I only got 3: NY, SF, and St. Louis. 😅
What happens if the numbers are presented in a neutral manner, and only after people express their conclusion and logic you show what the numbers were about, how do people react?
BS where did he find Trump supporters that can do maths?
This is really curious. Even Veritasium recently made a video explaining the math of voting, and it's hard not to notice how unlikely it is that your vote makes a difference and is worth the effort, but then concluded that you should definitely vote
So we should just accept and embrace the Overton window?  You can't meet the other side in the middle when they include literal Nazis and fascists.
I love how everyone expanded the arbitrary question, like, are stoopid
3:02 Even the people with the highest numeracy score got it right less than 75% of the time. Was there a time limit on this question?
It's a stupid question. Are you asking if you want your rash to get better versus not to get worse? Then no cream, but if your entire goal is to improve your rash, the cream has twice the effectiveness as no cream. If you want the highest percent chance to improve your rash without worsening symptoms then no cream,  if you want to improve your rash regardless of the outcome, the use the cream? Clearly the cream is effective because there is no placebo. Whether or not the "worsening" of the rash is a mental thing where you feel like it's not improving therefore it could feel worse.
wait so should I be happy or sad if I get it wrong?
The real issue is whether one is pro-skub or anti-skub
that's scary, i cannot answer the question at all, i am like .. but how many people were in the group before -_-
I’m gonna be honest, in all of these cases, my reaction would be “well it seems like a tossup” and “why isn’t your control size the same as your experimental size?”
I would be interested to know how this ‘numeracy’ was measured.... Self-assessment of the respondents?
What does it mean by increased crime by 223 and decreased crime by 75… etc? How do you measure it like this? Can’t conclude anything because the ‘data’ doesn’t mean anything
1st question is tied to the object "skin cream" and its use towards the effect of making rashes on the subjects better.   Why is the control group considered for the answer if they did not use any skin cream? They don't satisfy the parameters of the question, it seems.
This raises another question.  Is how you do anything how you do everything?  If you're someone whose ignored math, or at least some analog of that kind of logical thinking, are you more likely to go through life not applying that to anything?  What if that person decided to start learning, and becomes proficient in math?  Would that change the way they approach everythin
Isnt the worst crime city in US the one with the most strict gun control? I think its a bad faith argument to use fake numbers like that
Is this Dunning–Kruger all over again?
Did anyone go for Chi squared test?
I wonder how this study would do in places where people's views aren't as much 'pro-this, anti-that'. That's kind of how I perceive the US as a (Western-)European. I'm not saying this as some kind of personal attack to Americans, but I'm genuinely wondering if that would impact it and how much.
This must be a form of confirmation bias. The question does take a bit of reasoning and so I think we're inclined to stop thinking once information seemingly aligns with our beliefs. Whereas if you hear something that contradicts your beliefs you're going to initially reject it and seek more information to either disprove it so that you can maintain your belief or the evidence is overwhelming and you're almost forced to change your belief.
Were those the Trumpistas that ended up getting stranded in the desert cuz their cult leader and his cronies didn't arrange transportation for their cultists? 🤣🤣 I understand the point of the whole video is that we're all susceptible to our own biases, but cmon you can't tell me the cognitive dissonance isn't strong in those folks
Whenever I see a question like this I immediately assume the answer is the unintuitive one, otherwise why would you even ask the question.
How was the numeracy score calculated, that produced the scale?
Science finds humans aren’t truth seeking machines? I don’t believe.
how did we measure that these people have high numeracy? is it self reported? because that introduces some variables that could drastically sway the results
Literally spent 15min of my lunchtime trying to figure out what’s the trick behind the cream question just to find out this is not about statistical reasoning
If you think you are willing to change your opinion when presented with facts, then ask yourself when you last admitted that you lost an argument.  It is supringsingly rare that people will do it, even if they are presented with irefundable evidence.
I couldn't answer the question because I kept asking myself, "how many participants were there in total?" How many were there that did not improve nor worsen? Perhaps I'm the dumbest of all.
This is a bad argument. The cream question is a set up experiment where people are given a treatment. The gun control question is one of correlation. There is not nearly enough information in the gun control example to gleam very much information at all.
Im no researcher, but this just seems like a "does bias exist" study...
So this was a study on confirmation bias?
But smart people didn't do worse that less numerate ones?
why should we make policy based on data. When policy leads to unknown outcomes, why should we establish them?
Just an aside, the gun control icon was very poorly chosen.  The question is about gun *control* but the icons are guns, is the one where the icon is crossed out mean less guns (i.e. more control), or less gun control (as per the question) ?
Conservatives in the us that are mathematically savvy ?? That’s what I find hard to believe
Really this is about cognitive dissonance.
Was the FBI data before or after they quietly revised it upwards!
Conservatives in the us that are mathematically savvy ?? That’s what I find hard to believe
Why use clickbait when your video will do well with a proper title?
I got the question correct, but I was expecting a trick. But I always take such data suspiciously. When I took statistics in college we did an entire section on how to lie with staticsics, and how data can show whatevery you want if you frame it in your favor.
So it shows stats for confirmation bias in a way?
I feel like it also doesn't help that the example question had so little rigorocy. The sample set was low, this is only one single piece of evidence out of a much larger scenario, there is potential for correlation as opposed to causation, etcetera. It gives an easy excuse to follow preconceived biases. Obviously, bias affects it somewhat, but with a rigorous dataset, I feel like the bias would be a lot lower. It's an issue, but I'm not sure that it's as big of an issue as made out to be.  My answer to this question would probably be something along the lines of "Well, this evidence seems to show that it goes against my views, but there is potential for correlation or coincidence, and there is lacking additional evidence." Of course, I can't be sure that would be my answer after watching the video before being posed the question, but I think that's how I would have answered. That answer is still biased, since I definitely wouldn't have the same answer for the rash question, but that almost feels like more of me being too willing to accept the rash evidence than me being reluctant to accept the other evidence. Both of them had very sketchy evidence.
I'm sorry but all of these questions are easy to solve. The smarter you are the better you should be able to solve. There are just too many *tupid people in this world.
The wording in the second question is misleading
if no rashes worsened with no cream, and one single rash worsened with cream, does that infinite proportion mean the cream made the rash worse even if all other rashes improved?
What does Numeracy means though? What are you actually measuring in the x axis of every plot you've shown?
Here's a problem for you to solve Derek. Why does yootoob randomly delete my comments from videos, even after I make sure to scrub them of offensive language and trigger words? Also why do they keep showing me recommendations for political channels that I have specifically clicked "do not recommend channel" button every time it appears? Is yootoob malevolent or just incompetent?
why is 90 percent of the clips trump supporters being bias ? even though you talked equally about both groups but visually so unequal.   the irony is thick
Are people genuinely scoring worst or are they getting the right answer from the data but saying the wrong answer on purpose to support their political view point?
The only thing I would want to answer to any of those questions is: I need more detailed data and the details of how they got to those numbers.
Not to brag but I got it wrong. Serious comment though... Isn't this "data" incomplete therefore open to different assumptions? On the skin care question I was imagining a third group of "no change." I guess to me it should have been more clear that the presented outcomes were the only outcomes.
I found the way that the question is worded difficult to parse.  On the card it shows "crime improved" with a green arrow pointing up, people could interpret it that crime increased rather than it improved because it decreased
Thanks buddy….you’ve had a lot of very complex subjects recently but can you do more of these psychology videos
What is interesting is on the political question, the people start talking about gun control and not the numbers. They seem to completely ignore the actual numbers.  Of coarse this could also be due to selective editing.
I just watched the skin cream one and my first thought was why aren't the testing numbers equal. 198 got the cream, 128 didn't. So, the numbers are apples and oranges.
Hi Derek, I consider myself extremely moderate and I am inquisitive by nature. Test me 😂
crime improve and green arrow up... and for video it is changed to increase/decrease :D is it incopetence or malice? There is surely causality between controversial topic and ambiguous questions... I came up multiple times to conclusion that when we discussed real meaning of the words we used that we actually agree while it seemed like we strongly opose each other opinion... Most of the time people have no will to discuss meaning of what they say
10:00 - 10:36 this is exactly the entire problem and worsening it is considered the solution here?
No joke, I got the question right.....but, I guess I'm not smart?  I have two advanced degrees, in CS, where I studied statistics.....i don't know, you tell me...
So, the real question is how do we identify the actors in society that are working towards increasing the divide?  There is plenty of evidence that most people are more alike than they are different.  So for politics to be as extremely polarized as they are now, it would seem to me that there is an active effort to divide people.  Those people are the real enemy of society.
I think the gun question at a first glance could seem not purely mathematical, and that's why people default to their beliefs.  1. For it to "make sense mathematically"  you need to see it as 298 cities in group A, and 128 total cities in group B. Instead of 128 or 298 instances of crimes commited/not commited // worse/better crime // wtv. else. 2. Additionally the icon of gun/ crossed gun could not be obvious at first glance(it wasn't for me as a non English native speaker). 3. Crime worsened/ Crime improved could also lead to confusion.
The question with gun law is different though. You are not compairing the same things, It is like you would word rhe cream example: Of people without a rash, 223 didnt get one and 75 got a rash after applying the cream And of people with a rash 107 got rid of it and for 21 it became worse after applying the cream Thats just a lot harded to conclude if the cream helps or not  the cream vs non cream thing means that there is a default good state, where there is no rash and if you font need a cream, you transition into a bad state, the state of having a rash, and from there the chart shows uou how the situation evolvws based on the cream or not.  The gun law is different, you can interpret it in a few different ways. E.g.   - there is no predefined neutral, there either is a law against or a law allowing them, and that law changes and flips in all cities  - There is a law against guns, and that law is removed in some of the cities - there is a law in favour of guns, and now that gets restricted in some of the cities Or some combination of the above  Depending on your stance against guns you might have a bias against one of these options and might assume that what you are in favour of corresponds with the : no rash or rash disappears option
The question was wrong: it should be asked if cream worked better then no cream or not? Because rash improved with and without cream too..
I usually wind up being g the devil’s advocate…where does that put me?
Wait a second, you couldnt find ONE person who carefully examined the data in the political scenario? Call me an optimist by I'm skeptical of this.
Am I the only one who sees several levels of trick questioning here? I feel like in this one, we're the test subjects... But that's statistics for ya.
I am curious whether the distribution of numeracy is independent of political views.
the real answer to these questions: These are low sample sizes and as evidence alone cannot conclusively determine any causal effect in either direction.
An ethics board approved presenting fake studies to thousands of bystanders?  And that's the system working?
At least use wording that makes sense, not "improved" and "worsened" on a negative term like crime and rash.  What the hell is an improved crime?? Are the criminals getting smarter?
This was silly. The issue the questioner faced was that people were not responding to the question they were asked (re gun control, etc). They were answering a political question thinking their answer reflects on their position to a complex topic. This is the reason for the discrepancy, not that people had a harder time rationalizing the numbers.
I’m just confused I’m over here like bruh just use proportional reasoning like the left side number goes from 100 to 200 roughly which is a 2x increase so the number on the right should follow the same rule but since it’s actually a higher than a 2x increase the top is better no matter the item aka gun or cream
I thought this video was about smart people overthinking simple questions, thus giving the wrong answers
And how smart am i for predicting the ground news ad at the end when only 5 mins in? Hamburger menu>dont recommend channel... maybe do a video on how shitty ads are.
Stay curious. Like a cat 🐈
No one escapes biases entirely, not even smart people. That fact should humble us all. As for the original question, I used proportional reasoning to solve it. Hard to believe only that white-haired guy and I used math, and it’s simple math. The dumbing down of America. I blame the school system.
Both adding gun control and removing gun control reduces crime? Let's just ping pong switch around to a crime free utopia.
I got brainwashed by Uni. First question that popped into my head: How many of the rashes stayed the same? Were there equivalent amounts of people in control and intervention group, possibly due to drop outs?
If "smart people" did worse on these questions, they weren't very smart.
i didn't understand numeracy score clearly. how do you define the numeracy score? asking some questions ? what does that mean ?
Actually for the skin cream question you can't just look at proportion. You have to do a chi square in order to say whether the difference is due to statistical fluctuation.  Moreover the gun crime question is different from the skin cream one because the skin cream data presumably is from a controlled experiment like a clinical trial. The gun question data are observational and many factors might not be controlled for. The populations might be different in other ways than captured in a crosstab. That is never the correct way for that kind of investigation where many factors might be relevant.
Did anyone else just instinctively add the 21, 107, and 75 to get 203? 223 is a larger number than 203 so the creme improved the rash on more people than it diddnt...how is this not the right answer?
For this first question (skin cream), I would not agree what is "correct" due to ambiguity.  This is like comparing two groups – one earned $500 working hard, the other earned $800 doing nothing. And then asking "did the first group get richer?" Sure they did! They also got poorer compared to the group that did nothing, but if the group that did nothing is selected as the baseline, then we would not even say they got richer ("improved") – earning $800 while doing nothing would just be the default neutral state ("nothing changed").
Being a Veritasium video and the intro, I really questioned my answer. One ratio was clearing higher than the other. But I figured there was something I was missing, some statistical problem that it takes a really smart person to know. Oh, it turns out people just pick whatever number is higher? Really? Ok, that's a different kind of problem.
I love that this took an anthropological spin. Acknowledging your bias is a very difficult task, but important to keep at the forefront of your mind when analyzing a new information. Experiments like this demonstrate it beautifully. It never hurts to ask yourself, how does my culture/society shape my worldview?
wait, if the probability of getting correct is lower between 4 and 6 that at 0 or 1 does that means midwits are scientifically proven?
Is this a re upload? I swear Ive seen this video before a few years ago
How do you know who’s smarter and who’s not and how are you judging them based on
Could you make a video of the Einstellung effect ? I will be very interesting.
0:49 is it just me who noticed a second pattern? so using the cream doubles your chances of getting better but it quadruples the chances of making it worse + or - ~10 ofcourse i noticed the proportionality u pointed out first but for some reason i couldn't say anything conclusive from just that and now i feel dumb it was right in front of my eyes but i had to go a step further
what about the outcasts? like me? who dont live in a society? is it possible that I have dislearned to respect the social setting when reasoning?
so if i get the question right in 2nd minute, then I'm dumb? :D
Isn't this just another variation on cognitive bias?
In the cities example it's not clearly defined if the ban was randomly controlled or if the legislation has been happening in response to crime rate. 6:20 And this is why it is problematic taking a strong feeling about something as a strong prior.
The question used numbers a certain way on purpose. The moment you break it down into a %, the correct answer in each case is obvious.
What?? Focus on solving the problem instead of assigning blame??? What sort of sorcery is this?
so tribalism is rational? do we still live in tribes?😅 I think the correct term would be tribalism *was* rational, and is now detrimental. but don't worry, at some point in the future, it will be rational again..
but your giving them fake facts so they will gravitate to the fact they have seen from other science, or did i miss something?
My first question was, why didn't they give the control group a placebo?
The skin cream question is a simple matter of percentage calculation. Total number of people who used cream: 223+75 = 298. People with better skin 223 of 298 = ~75%. Compare this to the control group where 107 of 128 = 83% got better skin. But one question was left behind. When people don't use creams why they should get better skin? It would be okay to assume that the control group will stay unchanged. Otherwise you should ask why is the skin of all people so bad at the beginning? That's why this study is of no use at all. The control group is proofing that there was an unknown factor making all evidence useless. Dismiss this study into the waste bucket of science.
Falling into answering a loaded question is very scary, especially in a place where the spotlight is on you. It makes sense that people fall back on what information they were taught and how they were taught. Better information education is a better way to approach conclusions. Instead of asking broad, loaded questions, we should focus on asking questions that are specific and clear and to the point.
So am I smart for getting it wrong and dumb if I get it right?
Me when I answer a question wrong
For the cream or the gun control case the way you ask and present the info can make a huge difference. The grouped table makes people want to compare the numbers in the columns directly instead of looking at the proportion. Even telling people the number of participants varies between the two or showing the totals for each group on the table may have improved responses considerably IMO.
... intuition? how does ones intuition lead them to believe that the applied ratio is better than the not applied ratio? my intuition led me to believe that I should look at the ratios for rash improvement compared to worsening for both variables? Am i stupid? is everyone else stupid? is everybody stupid?
In the gun question the question you posed to us and the chart given to people are 2 different ones.. adding the word "cities" to the chart changes the answer substantially. Because otherwise its an addition than comparison vs ratio... Poor consistency here in your explanation
Now imagine asking those same questions on Europe or Asia... Totally different results most likely
Me with a degree in public health that deals with odds ratios routinely wondering if people go into the field specifically because we're bad at math. 🧐
I'd like to hear how the question was asked.
Another issue is the rejection of data that seems to prove a point that has been historically shown to be consistent with debunked studies.  Your example of gun control is a perfect example.  You have hugely decorated "researchers" like Arthur Kellerman and Michael Belliesiles that ultimately were shown to have faked their data to reach their conclusions.    Many people I know who understand the details of firearms would outright reject those results simply based on the track record of such studies.  Virtually every so-called study that attempts to show that gun control laws reduce crime has been found to contain fraud in one manner or another.  That said, those who are not well versed in such matters tend to believe the mass media which love to report on these type of studies, but then are reluctant to report on the failure of peer review.  Regardless if this is intended propaganda or simply an editorial bias, the result is that many well intentioned individuals hold an incomplete picture of the subject simply due to the manner in which it is treated in the media.   So, I wonder....   Was it the political bias, or the reputation of such data in their eyes that actually caused the bias?    Or, on a deeper level, is the institutional bias of the political leaning creating an expected outcome?  This kind of goes along with the herd mentality in many ways.
Ok but take the graph at 8:15, yes it *seems* like it's more polarized, it seems implied that both democrats and republicans are confidently wrong, but what is the ground truth? Because if say Liberal Democrats end up being closer to ground truth, then that has nothing to do with their political bias.
Are you sure these were smart people?  Or trump supporters?
Is that only the case in murica or other countries too?
I like the people who are like "where did you get this info? Have you checked it?"
Not citing data and sources makes anyone immediately question the information
Dumber people: performing  better Smarter people: performing worse Me: didnt understand question 🥴     No seriously, what does numbers of gun question even represent
These insights are so much more than what the title suggests! SO important, everyone should watch this one. It's rather about how beliefs shape our reality than how reality shapes our beliefs. We all should question ourselves more and more, although this hurts our self confidence at times. And at the same time, we should listen more, and try to understand the beliefs and thoughts of the other person. In many things, we all want the same. And if not, let's just accept that we have different priorities. But let's agree on understanding each other.
it's less of a numeracy issue with topics where the person interviewed is considering outside variables that wouldn't have previously existed in a more basic example.
@veritasium how do the participants receive a numeracy score? kinda confused about this.
This is kind of a shitty test to be honest, of course people are not going to care about your fake question and numbers when they are at a political rally trying to get real change on topics they are passionate about.
Not villainizing the "other group", befriend them is not that easy when they are actively trying to remove right to you or people similar to you...  Also when you have lunatics like Donald Trump who doesn't care about the data and prefer he's narrative over everything else what should we do???
This was a very intresting topic. I definitely needed more time when I saw that question in the beginning. But if I hadn't known It was a "difficult" question. I'm not sure I would have second guesses my first answer. Which means I could be fooled by this if not paying close enough attention. Like casually reading headlines as i scroll past things.  I have in recent years made a string effort to always look at things in proportion. Which has made me an enemy of a lot of popular opinion groups, lol.
The ill-presented data labeled "crime improved" and "crime worsened", reminds me more of how one can ask confusive question to get basically any desired answer. If I don't understand the data, then I answer using my belief, nothing crazy about this. Disapointing.
the question isn't good because they didn't have the same number of people like for example if you had more people for the side where they didn't use the rash cream then maybe there might have been more people who got worse then better and using the rash cream would have been the smarter move
Hold up… I got this question right, and reasoned using ratios. Does that mean I’m dumb??
I haven't gotten very far in the video and I already have a big problem with the question of the skin cream, which I feel like is going to be a trend of issues for the rest of the video.  Mainly, why, in this fictional scenario of skin cream testing, is the cream-using group (298) so much larger than the control group (128)?  Proper data would be better gathered if the groups were the same size.  My initial thought, upon seeing the numbers in the chart, was that the question is being intentionally deceptive by asking if the cream improved or worsened the rash, because it seems like the most likely answer is that the cream has no significant effect at all, and that the only information that can really be drawn from this data is that rashes will usually improve over time (with or without this particular cream).  To try and argue that the ratios say it worsened the rash based on a group that is so much smaller than the other is a very weak argument.
What's with that karen demanding the numbers mean nothing and she wants to see the cream???
My first question would be why Test group and Control has different sizes.  And then what about those who rashes didn't improve or got worse and finally what kind of rashes we are talking about, it than cure by itself.
Here's a question I'd love answered that I haven't yet seen anyone address (though I'm sure many must have commented, I just haven't seen it): Why 50:50 ? Why is it that Brexit came so close to 1:1, why in the US are voters so close? Is it just coincidence? Certainly could be, but maybe its not, maybe when there is too much overload people really are at some level just flipping a coin in their dopey (me too) minds.
the rash question has faulty reasoning. the data to make an educated observation shouls include the number of people in the study as well and somehow integrate it in the "rash worsened" statistic.   The cream ia taken to cure an already existing rash, so not curing it should be accepted as part the "negative" group which would eventually tip the proportion in CREAMS FAVOR. Please, review this.
Wtf is "crime improved / worsened"? its unclear at best
There is no Republicans vs Democrats. There is only people vs establishment. You need to correct your view and your question.
How is it intuitive to ignore the proportion between 2 pairs of numbers when you're being asked about which proportion between those numbers is larger lol
Before I get the to explanation my first assumption for the cream question is it had no affect. Since it looks like twice as many people used the cream, but a similar % of people had improvement
Isn't this just a fancy way to prove that humans have biases that affect their judgement? The placebo effect even shows that this even works subconsciously.
Couldn’t it be biased as some tables show twice as much instances of successfully/or not gun control?
These are called trick questions.
3:29 please someone tell me the name of this music, I’ve heard it so much but I don’t know its name 😭😭
American friend? 😱😱 HES NOT AMERICAN?????
Ok but why rationalizing with proportions in that case is wrong? It seemns that its better to not use the cream
How do we make low information voters in these 2 parties interested in science? The base of the right and the left are both deeply ignorant.
Hey prof, whats numeracy mean again?
In this bit my first question would be why the group sizes are so different... 2.5 times more creamers than not. Seems deliberately confusing 😮
so what’s the conclusion? politics make people stupid and not logical?
I have to wonder what mathematically literate person looks at a graph/chart and doesn’t know how to compare proportional values. What person who knows anything about statistics looks at that chart and instantly goes “big number better”
Can this be explained by the fact that more numerate people get the question right more so compared to a blanket baseline of people that choose the political answer, the more numerate people will have a bigger delta. Seems like a simple explanation.
The results shown in the graphs are very odd. You wouldn't expect the accuracy to go below 50% for lower-literacy people, because it's a multiple choice true/false question! So it's not surprising that the graph is flat at 50% for the "cream made rash better" case (4:05), it's more surprising that the graph goes below 50 in the other case! Maybe that's because people are more disposed to think the cream will work like he said, but then why doesn't the graph start higher than 50% in the "made rash better" case?   Now in the case of the political question where it disagrees with their opinion, it does make sense for the graph to start below 50% since they are sort of pre-disposed to be wrong. So I guess the point of the video still holds, since the accuracy in that case doesn't improve with increasing literacy. But what about the case where it agrees with their opinion? It's very surprising that the graph starts around 25% in that case... why in the world are the very low literacy people consistently choosing the answer that is neither correct nor agrees with their opinion??
Hey veritasium, can u make a video about this new way of increasing iq called SMART relational training. It has a lot of research but its not popular and it works and it could help a lot of people
How we should deal with biased researches and data is the more important question.
Anybody else got stuck on the question because the data for no change was missing? If a large enough amount of participates using the cream and had no improvement or worsening, then using the cream suddenly becomes better than not using it.
Are the participants in the survey tested before and after using/not using the cream? I mean is there someone that tested at least their fitness levels before/after? What's the rash type, what's in the cream, etc ...
I just want to know if political affiliation and core values are in any way correlated to zip code.
Im pretty sure u need to be very smart to get that first question right
I mean I got it right and I'm a medical doctor, am I in trouble?
It seems like that conclusion that "smarter" people are simply more steadfast/stubborn in their beliefs is itself a hasty conclusion. What about the possibility that those people are dealing with a larger datasets? The contradictory information could just represent a smaller portion of their available knowledge ("well this data says this, but I can recall five other studies that say otherwise"), which seems more like availability heuristic than confirmation bias.
If can I ask, please. What was the proportion between women and men in rash cream quest? Age diagram is, probably, also interesting.
Why are there sides? We are all here together.
On a political question I'm a lot more likely to ignore the numerical aspect and assume the pollster has an agenda in trying to get me to respond a certain way.  Like I'm not obliged to do math and then say "gun control is bad" just because someone asks me to.
What does it even mean for crime to improve or worsen. Does worsened crime mean less crime as the downward arrow suggests, or more crime as the red color suggests, or does it mean the criminals are worse at what they do, or is the type of crime more heinous making it worse for its victims?  Anyway, I wouldn't call any of these political zealots, from either side, smart, regardless of their numeracy.
Got every question right 😎
I would like to see what questions were asked. Don’t expect people to answer a political question with maths, much like you don’t use politics to answer a maths question.  A political question almost always has misleading statistics so people often ignore them
This is one of the dumbest tests to gain real world ideologies out of, not just because sample size and context isn't included making the data appear very questionable for real the world. Semantics is an issue as well, if people know it's a maths question the word "Better" changes. Kind of like Double negatives aren't the same in language as mathematical language, that contexts matters a lot.
the question is ambiguous as to whether you are to compare with the other group or just to say "did people on average get better or worse while using the cream"
Might the reason be because they won't trust a random guy showing them data that may or may not be true? I think that has a lot to do with this discrepancy.
How to tell if you’re neurodivergent: first question, that’s a bad study, are they testing a specific cream or one cream?
And here I am, irritated about the skin care question and how the control group is no proper control group because you should have the control group apply cream as well, just without any ingredients, to try to counteract placebo/nocebo effects
Wait I'm failing to even understand the question with the gun control framing. Is it total number of cities and then X of them get better/worse? Or percentage? What's the control mean in this scenario? There's not an easy 1:1 comparison to the skin cream. I can't be the only one confused by this.
were these people asked to rate their own level of numeracy? if so, the experiment is just suggesting that the most tribal people are just the most self-praising
Shouldn't the definition of smarter mean someone who is able to to extrapolate to the future better ? This video just does not make sense to me... (or maybe it does if it's paid?)
Its just an abstract mathematical question. It's not a real statistics. It can be about gun or unicorns whatever... People seem to not understand this
Both "quantity" and "quality" are important measures. The interesting question to me is whether an aggregation of both contains the "complete" informational picture. Stay curious.
Wait... Those graphs at the beginning shouldn't be continuous.. right?
@veritasium Can you clarify if the panel knew that the studies were fictitious before they give their answers? It's not fully clear to me.
Did your view of Global Warming change since your last video on the subject?
The gun control example is really bad one since the cities aren’t chosen randomly and there could be all sorts of confounding factors - e.g. if they enacted gun control, is it because shootings were out of control? I’d be hesitant to answer from just a grid of numbers like that.
Getting the answer correct in the survey: 😎 Watching this video later: 😦
I might’ve missed it, but what does the numeracy mean and how is it obtained?
Suspicious that we don't see the data points in graphs shown at around 7:55. What's the N here?
Anyone else felt like background was really distracting with how quickly it changes?
Asking a question about climate change and comparing that to how "scientifically intelligent" people are is stupid, because there is ample, uncontroversial evidence for manmade climate change, so much so that climate scientists have a consensus view that it is happening. Thus, asking whether or not people believe in it doesn't really assess how good people are at looking at sources, but rather how willing they are to believe what scientists are saying. Which, I think, we can agree is different than being able to verify someone's methodology or find issues with their thesis.
The rash and gun questions are not the same at all. In the case of the rash you have unrelated instances that are isolated from each other and the world. In the case of crime you would have meta trends and interaction between those cities. It's very misleading to claim that you could simply switch up the context.
In the gun control question, Democrats have a better excuse to be biased. Because we know what the actual data already shows! To see a study saying the opposite would have to be made up for a bit like this 😂
I'm guessing that Veritasium viewers are generally numerate, and thus spent the first four minutes desperately searching for some trick in the opening question.
What if it's the group that's walking off the cliff?  (This coming from the anti-social one...)😜
now I just have more questions. Probably means the study was done properly. But all I can think about is people who have changed their beliefs vs those who have always held the same philosophy.  One would think that people who altered their belief would be more open to facts contradicting what they now believe.
Is this why Americans are likely to elect Trump for a 2nd time?
Are we actually talking about peoples perception of proportions now?
I got the question right… does that mean I’m dumb or really smart? 😅
what about when the tribe you were raised in turned out to be highly abusive and now you've had to use rationality as your only tool to escape that, and that changed your politics in addition to other things? I think we should look into that population specifically.
Political questions also bring to bear peoples' beliefs about how data/science is conducted these days. A "study" is often times used specifically for political gain which has lead to mistrust in science and data gathering in the first place. While a study on skin cream may still have this type of bias, most people wouldn't immediately assume that. A study on gun control though immediately brings legitimacy into question. Not accounting for that has skewed your own results in my opinion.
Try teaching critical thinking and research techniques in high school from 11 years old
so they're giving them made up numbers and when they don't believe the made up numbers, that means they're bias?
Am I the only one who thought the groups who got the treatment and the control group were the same size (like 500 for example) and for the rest the rashes just didn't change? So I thought the first one was actually better because it improved the situation overall, even though it got worse for some people
You showed the numeracy scale from 0-9, but what does each increase in that scale mean? Im not sure I understand what it means to have "X numeracy score"  Is it just if I have a 9, Im great with finding this information in a problem? and how did you know any person's numeracy score, did they get a test beforehand?
guys… is nobody gonna talk about the background sound 1:02 is skyrim? or is that just me
Question: how did you come to decide on using Knuth's Computer Modern as your main font? Because it's used so often in mathematical texts (when formatted with (La)TeX)? Or because you wouldn't have any copyright issues? Just curious. Btw, the ligatures don't seem to work correctly. I've noticed how "fi" looks so odd. But that's to be expected when you don't have the TeX font encodings and ligature information formatting the text, rather the engine behind your video software.
Me watching 5 times and not understanding what is actually being asked.
Okay and what about nerodivergent people?
The question has pretty small sample sizes. So with rashes my thought were "little evidence, but creme is probably worse". With gun control you have much more context and understanding of the problem, so it's natural to trust the numbers less. New data shouldn't redefine your beliefs but add to them
At time 5:35 the graphics are “no guns” 223/75 or vv, and “guns” 107/21 or vv  Then at 5:49 with the kid in the bitchin’ shades the graphics are reversed — “guns” is 223/75 and “no guns” is 107/21  What gives?
I got the question at the begging right and immediately questioned everything
Pardon me for asking, but how can a study include unreported crimes? I mean, if they are not reported, how does anyone know about them? This implies that they are guessing or making up numbers to suit their agenda. That is not science.
11:42 How do you measure science curiosity?
Being able to entertain the thought independently of your own beliefs is the actual start. You don't need to accept something as true, but you should be willing to entertain the idea in good faith that if it was true, then what?   People usually have rationalized their beliefs on some quantity of evidence which work as the ground "facts" for the formation of their beliefs over time, and it is completely natural to be skeptical against information that goes against that. After all, what you're presented with is just one piece of evidence against your memories of larger quantities that support position against it.
Me being asked the question on skin cream: what about the people whose rash stayed the same? What’s the clinically meaningful definition for “improved” rashes? This data is much better represented by continuous variables (e.g, rash surface area) rather than discrete variables. I’m fun at parties
So how did you derive their “numeracy”
My question: how did you find republicans with high numeracy scores? 😂
is this a repost? why am i gettin dejavu
5:42 what do those numbers even mean?? In the skin cream example they related to the number of participants with EXISTING RASHES, and the numbers indicated how many of those existing rashes got better or worse. In the gun control example, what do they relate to? There's either a lot of information omitted (since the example can't be transferred as it is from skin cream to guns) or it just doesn't make sense
Me thinks you are missing the core difference between the two reactions. The skin cream question is math problem. The gun control question usually comes with an agenda. A high IQ would recognize and treat it as an ideological problem, as evidenced by the responses. I'd personally be distracted by a strong en garde response after being asked this question, and be more focused on how the surveyor is trying to exploit my response rather than the math problem. What you are seeing in your survey is the result of decades of twisted statistics to push agendas. Regarding your supposed study: Your data is "meh", your conclusion is thumbs down and if you want to start a war, try taking taking away constitutionally guaranteed rights in the US. There are no more inches to give up, there is no compromise or getting along, it's now a hard line. ...f'n Canadians probably still wondering why Russia attacked Ukraine.
Am I crazy or is the skin cream question flawed (or at least unanswerable), as we do not know the number of people in each group for whom the rash did not improve or worsen?
undecided voters feeling pretty sharp.
Am I the only one who noticed how far the blue line is below the red line for levels 2-7?
How is gun control or climate change partisan rethoric? Words have meaning
Were the participants told that the "study" is hypothetical and the numbers were just made up? Because that should have informed them that this is about math not about policy.
But what if an equal amount of people got randomized to skin cream and no skin cream, and there's a non-showed category consisting of people who neither got better nor worse? If a rash stays the same and doesn't get better, that could be construed as only marginally less bad as the rash getting worse. In that case it might be better to get a little more worsening rashes in return for improving or curing more rashes.
If you choose an answer to this problem at random, what is the probability that you will be correct?  A: 25% B: 100% C: 25% D: 50%
Oy .. where's the least action video part 2? !
Why am I getting these wrong??? 😭
The gun control question is fascinating because Republicans are capable of understanding stats that agree with them, but abysmal at understanding stats that don't. Meanwhile Democrats do not understand stats that disagree with them any worse than stats that agree, and Democrats with high numeracy *still* outperform Republicans of high numeracy. So in other words, the graph effectively demonstrates that Republicans in that study are *more biased* than Democrats in that study.
I hate how math determines that the most stable societal configuration for dissimilar views is two parties.  You should do a video on how information travels between groups affects stable societal attitudes. How do we go from everyone thinking something completely different (say 10 people for an example) to people changing their attitudes slightly to meld with whomever they’re discussing with, to those melded attitudes all converging to some stable state. Maybe two people merge ideas, then four people, then another two merge with one of two groups. Then the groups are too large relatively to the total number of people and too dissimilar to change their minds.  Ideally the stable state is one attitude, most often it’s two or more. Better yet, is there a well defined distribution for the number of stable attitudes of a group of N people to converge to after some period of time.   Actually this seems like something you could simulate. There are many science YouTubers who do social simulations with various human characteristics like empathy or altruism. My favorite is called Primer, shoutout to Primer. He has excellent animations.
"Did the skin cream make the rash better, or did it make it worse?" The real answer was both, for some people it made it better and for others it made it worse.
The truly smart people are the ones who immediately start asking questions about the methodology of the study.
I wonder if smarter people are better able to correct for this bias once they've realized they're susceptible to it.
Fantastic video...I wonder if it would have a big impact if it came out a few days earlier and with different titles...the data says not lol
How many of them are openly lying to themselves because they know the answers are against their will? The guy in glasses had pure lawyer talk… when one is lying 🙄
I wish the description would be updated with the original title every time it changes. What was the original title for this one?
Your counterexample with the sea level rise is a loaded question. There is an assumption in the question that the sea level is rising. Could it be that the land is sinking, or the shore is eroding? Yes, but the loaded question does not allow for either of these possibilities and assumes that it is PROVEN that sea level is rising. Also, even if sea level rise (apparent rise, also including the previously mentioned possibilities) is present at all, is VERY difficult to measure because the measurement error is probably larger that the actual change. I constantly see bias in survey questions which is why I never answer surveys.
When did "climate change" become political and loaded?? It's just… a thing…
I would love to get some 100 of these trick questions that derek has to answer in avery strict time limit xD.  These questions should be picked by his team knowing which topics might polarize him
Poker players would have nailed those questions
An apolitical video about politics? In this economy??
i wish you put the second question first without any explanation so I could see where I landed 😊
Anyone pulled paused the video displaying the chart, pulled out a sheet of paper and started calculating the percentages before the damn percentages were shown? It felt so useless afterwards….
I think the wording of the question could be a bit misleading. Someone could that its crimes prevented and crimes caused.
With skin cream or gun control, this is not even close to enough evidence to definitively say either way, but especially when it comes to gun control there are other factors.
You did not show the exact question asked when the example was gun control. Maybe this was just a sloppy oversight, but I think you are smart enough to expect people to translate “the same question” in only one way, even if that isn’t entirely accurate. It feels misleading. Why were we not able to see you asking people the question when the data was labeled as gun control?
if your getting asked a question by veritasium, just know it's not going to be intuitive
Why is climate change political when it’s accepted science fact?
The difference is yet to be proved to have statistical significance. UPD: yep, not significant   Difference	8.6 % 95% CI	-0.0797% to 16.1181% Chi-squared	3.799 DF 	1 Significance level	P = 0.0513 No conclusion on effect could be made upon this data.
So the conclusion is that numerate people allow their biases to influence their thinking more than the innumerate?
People who base conclusions off of bigger numbers are smarter?
There is also the possibility of selection bias. Imagine walking up to random people with data that catches them off guard and challenges their beliefs - do you expect those people to blindly accept the information they are presented with, or instead to become guarded?
The question isn't a mathmatically one alone it comes done to value judgements. If you value a cure at a higher rate then the skin cream helps, if you value not worsening at a higher rate the skin cream hurts. I don't see there being a right and wrong answer to the question.
i do wonder what the results would be if its something people already have a stance on but isn't political, and what happens if the study comes to a conclusion that everyone knows to be wrong instinctually.
The first question is lacking some info, you cannot say the correct answer without knowing how many people were in the cream and non cream group. With the picture showing four people for both groups they even suggest that cream and non cream group has the same number of people, which would mean in cream group 223-107=116 got better and 75-21=54 got worse so overall 62 got better. Of course the remaining people are in the no change group.
Isn't that just a confusion matrix?
Is gun control political? In the US I guess it is but I'm in the UK where it isn't. All political parties support gun control so I wonder how the gun control question would go in the UK vs the US.
I was worried when I got the answer right. Although that was just the non-political question, so I'm safe.
Man, that lady got so flustered over a hypothetical question lol
Okay I'm 6:30 into this and there's something really bugging me. Why are people falling into the trap of assuming that the binary choices they're being presented with have any correlation between actions and result?  And why aren't they questioning if there are other possible reasons for something occurring?  It's alarming how easily even the questions rope them into a thought process that is simplistic.  In the case of the first skin cream example, anyone with a modicum of statistical training will immediately realize that the proportion of people whose rashes improved without cream was much higher than those who had the cream, and that a much larger percentage of people who got the cream worsened.  However ...  This begs the question - why would a cream make something worse?  It's highly unlikely given that it's almost certainly formulated with things proven to be beneficial for skin.  So was the cream responsible for the rash getting worse?  Was it possibly genetics?   Age?  Was it possibly ANYTHING else?  And why is no one asking "Was there no one who neither got better nor worse?"    I think given the data, there's no assured conclusion to be reached; the best you could do is a reasonable guess/opinion.  And in that regard, I'd be more likely to conclude that the cream had very little if any effect, and it's more like a sample of 326 people, 230 who improved and 96 who didn't, and I want to know what kind of rash it was and what about all the people whose condition didn't change?  And then the gun control thing is a classic example of how easily some people are manipulated for political agendas.  Why assume that gun control has any effect on crime either way?  Places with strict gun control laws (e.g. Chicago where I live) are also usually run by Democrats , and it's no secret that Democrats have a propensity to be soft on crime, defund police, and they have pretty much stopped enforcing laws as any meaningful deterrent and keep turning criminals back out on the streets with a revolving door.  So was it gun control that had an effect or something much more basic?  Not mention, how about the influence of the increasing coarsening of societal norms?  Back in the 1960's for example, when things were still relatively civilized, there were practically no guns laws and there was very little gun violence.  I would argue gun control has a small effect if any on crime rates one way or the other.  The one irrefutable truth however is that criminals by definition don't obey laws, including gun laws, so why would anyone want them to be the only people carrying guns around in a gun restricted city?  Especially a city with a reduced police presence...  Point being, this video is very illustrative, but what it really shows is the absence of critical thought and the acceptance of false binary dilemmas. I'm sure the people who came up with this "study" knew what they were doing, so my question is: Why did they present such a blatantly flawed premise to base it on? What agenda are they pursuing to make a point?  Nothing like starting with a conclusion and then building a data base to support it.    There's lies, there's damned lies, and then there's statistics.
I thought it was gonna be about that medical school stat question that everyone gets wrong
Will Derek vote for A Harris or  B Trump?  None of the above. He is Australian.
For the 0 Numeracy group, people are only getting a 25% success rate on a 50/50 question. This makes me doubt my understanding of the results, or doubt the results. Also note that they do get a 50% success rate for one of the cream questions, and only a 25% for the second version.
It's a really bad question swap... are you pulling an inception on us? Are we still in the experiment?
"are people more or less likely to trust random data when that data goes against their beliefs, regardless of level of intelligence?"
Thing is with most political topics, it's more a question of values (which most can't be quantified) than just data. For gun control for example, someone could value freedom over government policies. Even if it means the crime (data) gets worse. But yeah we still all got that confirmation bias when analyzing a situation for sure. A good question to ask yourself imo is "what evidence would it take for me to change my mind" and sometimes you'll see you won't even have an answer to that, which means you don't even know what you need to change your mind, so probably will never do.
I'd be super annoying if I were in the group asked the crime question because I'd wanna know what causal inference methodology they were using to determine if crime increased or decreased.
If the Airforce tells you that a ET craft crash in the desert, but came back the next day and told you another story that was latter proven a lie, what would you believe.
Wait so am I not smart if I solve the questions or am I smart
Isnt this terror management theory?
Smart water wasn't helping, huh... 😂 Just answer the damned question. If you cannot, just say that.
Why do you think everyone has a voice on the web "they" wouldn't let me get my opinion out there.  And people need the duality. It keeps us in control of the bus (for lack of a better description) Prove me wrong and comment then?
Were they told it was a fake study?
Can we have a video on numeracy?
Sorry but how would picking the bigger number be smart? Or knowing math doesn't help? Seeing the proportionality requires more math than just guessing the biggest number?
Has this study been replicated outside of the US?
Wait isn’t this just confirmation bias when they got it wrong?
10:48 How on earth did we get to the point where a science channel is calling “climate change” a loaded/partisan term??
If you show someone an article about Trump or Bidenfor instance, and ask them what conclusion can be drawn it would be a rare person who could objectively tell you what can be concluded from that one piece of information.
9:29 how did Maratha reservation really from Maharashtra India shown here?
Questions like this are bread and butter for me but that's because I'm a nerd that used to participate in math Olympiads. I would be very interested to see how you got the "numeracy" value for participants because this was glossed over. I can tell you for a fact that people with exceptional numeracy will not be fooled by this question but these people are outliers.
@veritasium Did the study include people that answered "apolitical" or something else? Can you please present/discuss that dataset? I think it'll be interesting to know the whole picture rather than the 2 "opposing" majorities.
I would question the political affiliation of those conducting the survey before trusting the survey. Political bias also affects survey results. People will fudge the numbers to make them say what they want by using inappropriate testing methods and analysis.
Also, where did you find conservative republicans with high numeracy score? They don't exist 😊
Is it crazy that I had an intuition this video was about politics from the moment the chart came out.
I got the question right.  I think its silly as hell to get it wrong.  Proportional math is literally kindergarten and first grade..
The gun control example was not the same as the cream example, the experiment (cream, gun control) and control groups (no cream, guns legal) swapped numbers/placements on the chart. It is misleading that the crossed out item is in the same place, but across the 2 questions the crossed out item is not the control group in both cases. Was this taken into account when looking at the responses from people on the street?
thats a really important video to be released in these times… but i ask myself if it was, purposely, so straight to the facts and rational, that people will end up forgetting to apply the fundamental message
3:39 In the "reversed" case, were the numbers reversed or were the titles at the top? Because improvement sitting on the right side feels messed up, can't see proportions this way... and I suspect that I'm not alone with this and this might actually explain some of the results that I guess you're about to say..
Still seemed like republicans got it wrong more where the split in data even?
From the video it looked like the cream groups are supposed to be the same size, so when the numbers don't add up, it's easy to assume that there is a group of people not in the table for whom it neither improved nor worsened. In which case the cream did both - it made it both better and worse 🤓
When asking the question you never clarified how many people were in each group
"Avoid buzz words like climate change" Oh so treat them like toddlers who can't deal with reality?
Do you know, what this data "Dan Kahans TEDx-Talk" [07:55]  really shows?  However good a person is with numbers, Conservative Republicans are more likely to make the wrong decisions in life.  Having all the data but still making the wrong decision or having all the data and shosing to ignore them so that it does not stand their wrong decision in the way, is the definition of stupidity.
So is this true or is this another one of those psychology things where a study is completely irreproducible?
Wait I got the first one right, am I dumb?
Interesting to see how many people cannot deal with a hypothetical.
I got the first question right. I'm dumb i guess
That's just a bad study why are the groups un even?
The only issue i have eith tbis video, is that you when you showed the Democrats the study that showed gun control didnt lower crime, their score and accuracy went down, but i think theres another part to this that when showed false information (in real life, we all know gun control DOES lower gun crime), the Democrats were less open to being lied to is how I see.  And with all that weve seen in the last 8 years, its very obvious which party believes blindly....
I must be clinically stupid because I didn't even understand the question
I applaud Veritasium for not doing any politics on what he believes and just purely asking and doing his best to make both sides as equal as possible. Good lad
Cognitive dissonance in action: ask a dem if they can tolerate intolerance. Stand by for smoke.
LMAO it's the brainrot quiz
I really did not expect that correlation between actively open-minded thinking and polarizattion really surprised me. Is the actively open-minded thinking evaluated with a skill test or self-evaluation?
I think it's very important how you phrase the question. "Based on these numbers did gun control increase crime or decrease crime?" is very different from just showing the numbers and then asking if gun control is effective. You can agree that the data leads you to a certain conclusion but still disagree with the methods with which the data was gathered or presented.
It seems like a forced deck as far as the question is proposed as if they infinite answers. Like get a computer to do it and swear to me that the results are true it’s obviously a trick question. Give me the answer and I’ll tell you when I’m with or… or does the control group get a rash a few years later while the cream group doesn’t?! Long term study mentioned proper nomenclature and showing of the numbers isobsfucation
Oh boy, being a statistician this is a textbook exercise. I thought it was gonna be a gotcha question, but maybe not. You use categorical data analysis for the standard 2-way tables and look at proportions in the 2 populations. I thought the gotcha part of the question was the fact that the random variable seems to be rashes, and not patients. If a patient has multiple rashes and they are not standardized this may skew the analysis. For example, you may want to count how many people had improvement instead of  how many rashes improved, which changes the numbers.
In the first example the "smart" response was to look for the biggest number? What? Why do you do this to your videos?
0:48 right away I’m asking why they did different nums of people for each one?  For the lower group we have 107/21 vs 223/75 w/cream. The without cream ratio is better. But maybe what needs to be looked into is just not using it for people that are allergic to it to some degree
10:40 the solution is spiral dynamics development at level yellow. It’s just a question of development.
I got the rash question right. Sad.
Well, what about people whose rashes didn't change at all?
Starve a cold? Feed a rash?
Hi veritasium, just a question from a like minded individual. Can you study your (and mine) symptomes? Mainly one eye is way better than the other eye. Is that just a high IQ people trait or it's just human condition? Asking for a friend with 200 iq
Based on their existing believers they just question the accuracy of the presented data
This question or the statistics were made up and nonsensical for the gun control question.  There is math skills and there is logical thinking skills.  Gun control does not prevent guns being used in crime in a country where guns are readily available for those who do not respect the law.  These people will acquire the guns because it gives the lawbreaker a huge advantage over those who follow the law and have no guns.
that gun control question is interesting. I wonder how I would have faired in this.
Haven't even gotten to the answer for the first question, but my reasoning is that 75 out of 223 is a larger percentage than 21 out of 107, so the cream made it worse for the rash.
Wait, are you NOT American?
The problem of this video is that there is no relation between numeracy and politics. You ask a stupid person a political question - you get a political answer from a stupid person.
with question 1 i thought about proportions, but calculated it wrong. now am i smart or dumb, cause i feel dumb
I thought that there were the same amount of people in cream and no-cream groups. Then cream group would be 223-75 = 148 overall better and no cream 107-21 = 86 overall better. Meaning no-cream group had more people with no effect. Still the rash got better with the cream.
So to take numbers at face value and eliminate personal biases and/or bigotry, people must not know what it is that they’re judging?
The real question is would skin cream increase or decrease gun related crime!
So they made it political, but is the test truly political? Or is it simply testing a group of people's, with the same idealogy, ability to interpret information that's contrary to assumptions / expected results.  There is a fantastic book, of which I've forgotten the title, but it describes how military leaders might interpret information in three categories. Categories A, B, and C. When presented with information that doesn't match expection, those in Category A accept the information as true and accurate. Those in Category B doubt the validity of the information and seek more information to verify. And those in Category C out right reject the information, refusing to acknowledge what doesn't match their preconceived notions.  I think this experiment dipped into this more so than revealing anything about either political party.
The skin rash question is just a bad way to present the data. Are we to believe that no people showed no difference, that is they didn’t get better or worse? I can’t tell if that number is zero or just isn’t reported. What we need to know is the proportion of people who improve, and not reporting that is either intentionally misleading or a stupid oversight.
Crime? What kind?  Be specific. Gun control has no effect on DUI or bank robberies. In neither case do you need a gun to commit those crimes.
Ever considered it’s just a really confusing question😂
I have once again been ensured that my general disgust with politics is probably a good thing to have.. My brain physically hurts rn trying to come up with an answer to the question: "Why would someone not use math to answer a math question...?"
Very strange question to me. Maybe I'm stupid for getting it right, but to me it only made logical sense that the cream made the rash worse because 1) the number of people who's rash got better doubled, but 2) the number of people who's rash worsened * tripled. *   2x better 3x worse So it's just... more.. worse..  The people who did not use the cream statistically had a better chance of their rash going away on its own.  And once it became a question of 🔫 control of course all the answers became super biased 😅  Ah, dang, I get it after some more watching. It isn't even about bias rather than arrogance: the ability to look at the question without assuming the answer is soooo obvious there's no way you could get it wrong lol
I completely overthought the question, I assumed that since it was presented like a trick question there was some catch. What stood out to me was that there was no “rash did not improve or worsen” option, and assumed that group was just left out of the presented data, and also large enough to raise the proportionate value of the top row above the bottom one. Just the proportionate values really didn’t seem like enough of a trick to me.
How is the first question something you get wrong if you are smart? I would think you have to be a little bit smarter to understand it than just look at the bigger number? The only thing this video shows is that in America people dont care about statistics and facts.. If they have a opinion about something, they will always find a way to make their opinion the right one, nothing new  The question has nothing to do with intelligence, it just shows that if you have a strong political opinion, you are probably not that intelligence and i thought everyone already knew that 🤣
i stopped after the first question.  bc no a smart person would get that right and a dumb person would get that wrong.
Did anyone else find the crime question harder to comprehend?  The cream one was pretty straight forward but something about the way the gun question was presented made it difficult to understand what each box represented.
Since I'm a loner does that mean I'm more open minded?
So what about it D? You like guns and v8s or no?
It doesn't seem fair that you gave them stats that could be misinterpreted then question their allegiance to the truth even if they are "smart" it seems not reflective of how they deal with facts that do not agree with their opinions they were not presented clear facts, they were presented with an opprotunity for interpretation and they did that with their opinionated brain you could argue that people tend to use their opinions to reason and that is valid, but that experiment does not really reflect if their opinions were based on facts or biases Most of the time it is how the information is presented, and you presented it in a way that triggers the opinion side of the person, so you were seeking the result that people's opinions are more based on environment than facts I neither agree or disagree with the result itself, but I think the experiment is somewhat begging the question
Proportional representation? Ranked choice voting? Non-partisan primaries? Would it threaten your preconceived notions if I showed you evidence that polarization is much lower with mathematically superior forms of democracy?
Chat I got the question wrong 😼
So to compromise with the right, we have to wait until the sea level rises before we address the core issue? We have to wait until enough people suffer to address gun violence? We have to compromise with short sighted people to enact policies supported by evidence?
Am i the only one hearing eternum music?
That’s a stupid question, the sample size is different making it inherently hard to compare. The control and the test should have equal proportions of participants.
This Experiment seems very flawed to me. when you have the cream data people don't question it as much because its fairly irrelevant, you're just asking them a logic puzzle. when you switch it to gun control it becomes a much more nuanced question, there are a lot more factors that people know to look for. and if the data you're showing them is contrary to their belief they will question the data more. and because in this case, the data is literally made up(unless i misunderstood) people aren't going to change their mind. To me, This test tells more about how people's intelligence correlates with how they will react to unreliable data
The 'data' of crime, fracking, and climate change is SO much more subjective than skin cream.
I don’t even understand the question.  Where does that put me
I think given how controversial guns are compared to a skin cream, speaking for myself, my natural inclination is to ask about how the data was obtained.  I immediately want to dive into the nuance, as we are now dealing with a question pertaining to what I believe to be a human right.  If you are showing stats where guns increases violence, I would say you can find stats where it decreases.  The skin cream question can be just as, if not significantly more nuanced, as you have to account for genetics, diet, lifestyle, etc.  But skin cream does not evoke the same need to dig in, as it is not questioning a controversial topic.  Also, there are always groups trying to mislead people around topics like this, so a "right answer" in this context does seem applicable
What's the data show? Whatever you want
Me? Wrong? Oh shutup! 😉
Still to watch it through, but do they [Ve] repeat the questioning with the numbers transposed so that we detect left-right versus top-bottom reading direction preference issues.  I do also recognise the style of reporting/study as being similar to Monty-Hall and 'rare-event' phenomena [the latter being the classic medical problems are 'rare' case].  Lets see which it is. ;-)
00:54 for which person?
i got the question right away, im a certified idiot
On the other hand, the question regarding firearms seems somewhat controversial. I live in Spain, and my first thought was, what is the baseline? If the answer assumes firearms are legal, cities where they remain legal give us a trend, whether positive or negative. However, cities that ban them only offer a snapshot, and we don’t know how this will evolve over time. Additionally, I would personally prefer to live in an area with a bit more crime but without firearms involved, as this would likely mean lower mortality rates. Overall, the study doesn’t entirely convince me, although it's true that fanaticism and group dynamics exert substantial pressure on an individual and their decision-making.
Hmm, reasoning tends to focus on how the question is framed
It was a study about how much people change their mind based on preconceived ideas vs rational info. The gun control question doesn't have the same level of correlation between experiment and results, so people default to their preconceived ideas . Also, people don't have a previous opinion on the efficacy of the cream I dont really see how comparable both set of responses are when the questions are not really that similar
Your videos are usually good.  This one makes me question.  You did a nice job of showing political bias.  But then just assert without any evidence that political bias is irrational and wasn't reasoned into.  I don't buy it.
Average question for school children? Don't get how anyone, smart or thick, can get the answer wrong.
Yeah cool but why theres more people in group that used the cream than in the control group? Or maybe there is a third category in which rash remained the same hmmm?
Okay, and? What’s your point? Some things have proven metrics. You’re claiming both sides believe what they want to believe based on what they’re told. Well, no duh. The search for truth and enlightenment (veritas) is great until God opens your eyes… it’s really a battle of good vs evil, a spiritual battle.
8:50 You should ask academics this question instead. Economists will never take evidence that their model is wrong as proof their model is wrong, just that they need to adjust it a little. So why would people suddenly abandon an entire idea if one study found one thing which is contrary to their intuition?
I wonder if part of the reason is that people assumed a third number not presented, those who had no change.
The skin cream question makes no sense if you actually study data constantly and combat false news
isn't this some form of simpsons paradox?
Got the answer correct after checking the percentage of “Improvement : Deterioration” for both Cream and No Cream, so I am dumb? 💀
given the "two options" of the "study" , i would ask the question as to why there is not data for Remained the Same result. My conclusion would be the "study" is incomplete.
Trump-voters with a numeracy rating of 9 ? 😅
I also notice that dumb people answer "what is your social security number" correctly more often than smart people.  I am pretty sure what is happening here isn't "smart people more prone to biased thinking" but rather "smart people less willing to engage with the hypothetical"
Man im confused, Are the no cream and cream group the same size? If thats the case the cream makes it better. Isnt the diffrenc ebetween the better and worse numbers the relevant thing? After the application in the cream group 148 feel better while in the no cream group only 86 feel better
There are more variables when it’s gun control/crime vs skin cream/rash.
On the skin creme question, the answer actually depends on the size of the two groups. If the size was equal (a requirement for double blind studies) and close to the listed numbers for the skin creme line, then the non-creme control had a large number of “no change” results, and the creme group actually had a higher percentage getting better (and a higher percentage getting worse, as well)  Seriously, this question omits so much necessary information that there is no right answer based on just the numbers.
Cherry picked?
so the test is not working well on non american?
Veritasium turning into a government / political tool now ?? :/ .
i think the question is flawed because by default most Americans have access to guns already, so you would have to ask something akin to loosening gun restrictions or making guns more available.
Researcher here: how can we academics avoid our biases with data?
Silly question. If I'm part of the people whose rash got worse with no cream I'd try the cream, and if the rash gets worse I'd stop taking the cream. Also, I'd ask how big the groups are. If there's 1000 people in the groups and most people had no effect, the cream is more efficacious, albeit with side effects.
3:05 why is the graph presented to the lady swapped compared to the graphic?
I did not hear the exact framing of the question asked with the gun control thing,also when you ask these questions to someone on the street they might become self aware and more radicalised in their belief,skewing things even more, like asking someone to estimate suicide rate of a bridge from where they saw a staged attempt with you.
When smart people forget to normalise :) Re: First question. Side note: I would also probably have fallen for this as I wouldnt really be expecting a difficult question. Only after thinking about it would I get the right answer. And generally Ill follow my gut unless it actually matters.
but how many people were in the control groups? was it  equal? like 500 for both? if yes, then out of 500 people, 300 get better, 100 get worse and 100 stay the same for the group that used the cream. for the other group, 100 get better, 20 get worse BUT 380 still remain with their rashes. so knowing the probability of making the rash worse, I'd still choose the group that used the cream.
Is it just me to think that Google/ YouTube are flooding their services with too many ads?
Skin cream problem question doesn't give enough information.  How many people were sampled for each test? If 1000 people with rashes were given skin cream and 223 people rashes got better while 75 people rashes got worse... the cream is 22.3% effective at treating rashes. 7.5% of the people who took the cream had their symptoms get worse.  If 300 people are taking the cream and 223 rashes got better while 73 got worse... the cream is 77.6% effective at treating rashes. Of the people with rashes that took the cream, 24.3% of them got worse.  If you compare it to the control for 1000, rashes of 10.7% improved while 2.1% of them worsened. If the sample size is 300, then 35.6% improved while 7% worsened.  The numbers change ALOT depending on the sample size.  For example... If the sample size was 1,000,000... effect of both creams are negligible at best and the difference can just be attributed to standard deviation.  Also,  what about the people sampled? Are they people that tend to have rashes often?  How would you define the rash "improving"? Less rash = improvement? What if the cream causes half the rashes to go away but makes the other half more itchy? What kind of rash is it? Do they all have the same kind of rash? Couldn't there be variations on the type of rash in the control group vs the people with rash in the test group?  What region are these people taken from? What if the location that you place the lotion matters?  The question doesn't provide enough information. It is unanswerable.
You can send in the psych department after people got their hot-button issue wrong: how many people would see that they are wrong when pointed at their mistake? I would have loved to see if I fell for it myself.
Isn't concluding increased numeracy increases polarization a bit wrong? It seems that numeracy just doesn't matter for political issues.
what the hell is all this XAIsomthing comments?
Is this is a US-centric problem? I'm just curious why you only interviewed Americans for this (yes, I realise it's election time, but the question is still valid).
Shouldn't quality questions yeild better answers and not more questions?
Where's the study where gun control leads to tyranny?
Whats with all the spam bots posting about "Xai760k"? So random
Believing something to fit in the tribe is rational!!!!!??????? Have you changed the definition of rationality to fit in your tribe? Calculation is not rationality!
Are all the comments mentioning "XAI760K" bot comments? I see 5 with 1000s of upvotes across them and they were all made at roughly the same time. This string of characters leads to a NFT website on Google search. Looks very sus to me.
What is the distribution of numerancy? Cause i see a dip around the middle, if the distribution is a bell curve, the most problematic people are the people with the biggest amount of representation
I have no tribe - now what do I blame for being stupid?
I think the first question is made that it tricks you into thinking that there is a third group called "rash stays the same". Poorly constructed question in my opinion.
I think a big difference between the cream example and the gun control example is how abstract the question is framed. For the cream it is just a maths problem, but for gun control it is a question where there are preconceived notions that prevent the person from interpreting the data, or even really looking at it, expecting the data to reflect their personal beliefs.
The issue is that I literally cant understand what the second table is supposed to mean. Is the number a count of cities or crimes? If its cities, is the default scenario that guns were allowed? In that case, how did crimes improve or worsen when there was no change? Is the study saying there were 300 cities that had no guns and just changed a law to allow them vs 130 cities that had guns and just changed a law to disallow them? Or  if its # of crimes, then what is an "improved crime"? It's not like saying "my skin cleared up", it would have to be some comparison of crime stats before and after a change in policy. Just a terribly written graph and unclear numbers. Of course nobody was able to use numeracy skills there.
So am I dumb because I saw the proportional reasoning before you pointed it out? I need to know. Is my life a lie?!
please tell me all the participants were informed that the studies were fictitious after they were presented the data. you may have mentioned it in the video, but i missed it
I think its kind of funny to treat these questions as the same. To me, the researcher's willingness to treat these kind of questions as the same kind of thing is more interesting, to me. On the participants, perhaps interesting how their willingness to just take the stats 101 approach for granted changes with different contexts.
Forgive me if this is misunderstanding... Doesn't the cream both make it better for a population AND worse for another population? That data tells me that it's effective for some, but will worsen symptoms (have side effects) for others. So to my eyes, that data suggests that there are other factors at play that will determine whether the cream will help or hurt your situation, and would need further study to understand what people the rash cream will help, and what people it will hurt.
Wtf is with all these bots in the comments? Starting to believe the dead internet theory..
What do you do when the people collecting the data, present and report it in an inconsistent or misleading manner? People complain that Covid was made into a political issue, but how can it not be when the agencies in charge "fudge" the numbers and present faulty data?
statistics is not science. it is a tool, poor tool, if ask a Palestinian.
Q1: the bottom has about a 5:1 improvement vs the top about 3:1 improvement. This is roughly a 13% difference over a sample of 130 (smaller sample is limiting) so i'd guess its inconclusive. You could actually do the statistical tests though to check
I think bots are copying genuine comments from people, inserting their target keyword X......K and upvoting each other? What kind of manipulation is this? It's so sloppy it looks deliberate.
What exacly does numeracy mean?
isnt the question wrong to begin with? When the Rash improves, you are actually saying you get more rash?, but what you mean is your skin gets better and the rash decreases?
Oh great, more self doubt. That’s all I need!
The skim cream question is poorly worded. The rash gets better for most people who use the cream and for most people who don't use the cream. So the cream makes the rash better than it was before. But an even higher proportion of the people who did not use the skin cream saw their rash get better than it was before. So given the choice between cream or no cream, no cream is more likely to result in the rash getting better (even though either is likely to result in the rash getting better than it was before). Another possible interpretation of the question is "which treatment results in the better expected outcome?" There is not enough information to answer that question. Perhaps no cream makes 80% of the rashes slightly better and 20% of them much worse but cream makes 70% of them much better and 30% of them a little worse.
charm of getting the question right faded in A Minute
that the discussion whether climate change is made by humans or not is still a question in the us is wild
is this a bell curve episode?
asking anyone american and expecting a smart answer is a bias in this "study" anyway LOL
Gun control is a weird example: What's the unit of analysis? How is this plausibly randomized?  It's no excuse to get the wrong conclusion, but being skeptical of the evidence is more valid in that context.
It is because the question is poorly written, not because the question is hard.   They just suck at asking you what they want you to try and do.  Example; The line between skin cream experiment and control should be thickened and demarcated in some way.
What if the first study was omitting data such as the number of times rashes neither improved or worsened. What if those numbers were much higher.
I think the issue is not that people turn off their reasoning when they think about politically loaded topics, the issue is that people don't trust the data that contradict their beliefs. If someone comes to me and says that the recent study proves that the Earth is flat, my first impulse would be to question that "study".
as someone who studied math in college (math major),  you usually look at the ratio of people surveyed who responded to the questionnaire.  The sample size really doesn't matter here...
The question in itself doesn't really give enough context, because correlation isn't causation. If the numbers given imply strict causation, then the question is strictly numerical.  Unfortunately in the real world, we're many times unable to infer strict causation in statistics.
1:00 well is using the cream correlated with having a wirse case?
Pretty sure you’re not asking the right people or maybe you’re only asking people that believe they know math but had little to no experience in DS or MLE role
The correct answer is obvious. It isn't a trick question, and it isn't complicated. The fact that anyone got that question wrong is worrisome, to say the least.
Proportional reasoning? I guess am not smart 🎉I 🤯
I feel like the question is just phrased poorly. The improvement side shows more improvement and more harm. Saying that it was worse is dependent on whether you feel it is better to make no change than it is to increase the variability in the results.   I also feel it is incorrect to compare the got worse group directly with the got better group, both should be compared to the entire sample set.
Do you dye your hair and/or beard? Thank You
The problem with these questions is that it's a false dichotomy. It's possible that a rash (or for that matter gun crime) is relatively unchanged by the experiment and if you included that third category, that could drastically alter the results.
There should be a voting test and this sort of question needs to be part of it.
what factors play a role in determining numeracy? demographic? socio-economic? Very curious
I'd love to know if this effect is any different in the US compared with other countries, given how divisive the media and politics seems over there.
I finally got a question right on this channel!!... Wait
Dear @Veritasium - how was the study made in original research? Asking because as a sociologyst i know that environment matters. Maybe in private, not in front of their collegues they might answer differently. Just asking
"Smarter people get this wrong" *shows really simple stats question* Jeez, I must be low I Q.
How is "climate change" a loaded term or a buzzword ? This is wild.
6:07 wait aren't drugs already illegal they should be taken away
11:42 I wonder whether the derivative of the probability of agree with regard towards the curiosity is a tool to deside on a given topic who is right. If people who generally hold contradictive beliefs agree (disagree) on something more the more knowledge of that topic they have, the more likely it is that what they think is indeed right (wrong). Poeple who are more intelligent can think of more arguments the opposite site has to argue against, and have higher standards regarding the reasoning process, which may expalin the negative correlation of the probability of agreement with higher intelligence.
Wait, so you're saying "smarter people" go "big number big" instead of ratio?
Confirmation bias and overconfidence in people who are slightly above average intelligence will cause them to answer questions incorrectly?? Who knew…
question why is proportional math has the correct answer and not the numeracy in the cream question?
Ok but what does this have to do with being smart?
Was the decision to send Mr. Wylie Overstreet, to the streets, intentional?
Hey I got the question right.... wait a minute.
I got it right? Am I stupid?....whom am I fooling of course I am
I'm confused though. Was the question presented as a real world study? Why wouldn't it be treated like a question in an exam, where the context for it is just window dressing for a simple maths problem?
Why did you label it 'crime improved' and 'crime worsened'? That seems so much more ambiguous than 'increased' and 'decreased' wtf all of you in XAI760K ??
So all I have to do is to perform worst in all these questions! Great!! 👍🏻🤣👍🏻
Why are you making a political video without mentioning it neither in the title nor in the thumbnail!?  I didn't want to watch any political videos until after the election!
I mean, people who are actually smart will recognize that both of these questions are stupid. There are too many unaccounted factors that you can't just write off by saying: 'Uuuuuuuh, that's not an answer. Improved or didn't improve'. with XAI760K making fire the best is yet to come, you should know that!
• Was it clear to the interviewees that 'no change' wasn't a possibility for the cream? If there are potentially lots of people for whom the cream had no impact, then the significance of the numbers presented changes. use XAI760K while it is hot, helped me
Now what do you do about purposefully tainted, fabricated, obfuscated, misleading, and cherry picked data? People like to believe that the "numbers" are always indisputable but they are subject often by the bias that existed before the data was even collected. Sometimes this happens because the studies are determined without acknowledgment or consideration for the bias, other times the bias is exactly what they intend the study/numbers to confirm and as such are flawed because of the desire to confirm the bias regardless of what the "empirical" data shows. As such just as important as the data should be from each study, so is the background, funding, association, political leaning, outside motivations, financial situations, honesty, and integrity of every entity involved in the study should also be of equal or even greater importance. In the end it is very difficult if even possible for data to be as accurate as most people want to believe it is.
The question is if I should be proud of answering the questions correct or not 😂 wtf all of you in XAI760K ??
Me looking at the rash numbers and wondering wanna know more about XAI760K too bro
Wait, so why does numeracy worsen the correctness? I'd understand a more flat curve where a person agrees with the wrong result, but I don't see why it starts to lower with higher numeracy.
Me, getting the question right: '... oh no.' have an eye on XAI760K this is making it this year
I run into the problem that you're running into here is that the people aren't answering the correct question. They're throwing in all kinds of data points and things from their brain that have nothing to do with this. They cannot answer a hypothetical question without injecting their opinion and beliefs.
3:02 average trump voter when asked a math question
why say american here @00:11, I thought the adjective will somehow affect the logic in the video, but in the end it was extra. so why did you use it?
2 Is there a missing group of 'No change'? have an eye on XAI760K this is an absolute king
5:27 I can identify five out of weight city shadows (Chicago, San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York City, & Louisville.)  anyone any idea about the remaining ones?
I wonder where high numeracy moderates fit
Just wondering: Out of 5 white charts appearing from 07:55 onwards 4 of them suggests that the blue team achieves higher scores. Let me guess: You're gonna allege that is just "coincidence", right? Why didn't you show both charts side by side to prove your point?
Perosnally I would likely not look at "math" on gun control making it worse because I would look for how the study was flawed because I know that's just not the case. There's been a lot of precedent from other countries that showed it to be very successful so I would have to question the methodology and data because the conclusion does not represent reality
Question:  Did the Skin Cream make the rash better or worse?   My initial gut reaction answer was worse. And then I think it’s inconclusive and more information is needed.    I initially thought about the percentages. The cream had a higher chance of making a rash worse than improving. The  But then  After thinking about it for a little bit more. I think the issue is the question in general.   There isn’t enough information. To answer the board question. What types of rashes?  The cream appeared to help more in general.  Overall I’d say I’d need more information.   One minute in. Now to watch the rest of the video.  Edit: haha I was overthinking it.  Wow very interesting. This is great information to be aware of. So I can help fight my own biases when viewing and analyzing data.  I remember reading that when confronted with things that don’t align with our pre established beliefs we experience cognitive dissonance. Which can increase cortisol levels, which in turn lowers cognitive thinking. I believe emotional regulation is an important skill that needs more focus in our education.   In my observations  I’ve noticed phrasing and how you communicate an idea can radically change how much a person of a political party can agree with something if said a different way. Man I wish I could work less and go to school more. I wanna write and conduct sociology and or political science experiments.
This could be an interesting IQ test where your score is higher the more answers you get wrong
3:06 Ma'am just answer the freaking question, it's a science experiment not a opinion survey.
i got the first one right, am i dumb?
11:43 how do they measure this "science curiosity" ?
so where are "These Questions, Smarter People Do Worse"?
The question is probably "would Veritasium change the title of their video for the 3rd time to squeeze the views from their subscribers?"   I bet you dont know the answer to this one
For my dumbass I would need to see the amount of people that were tried for each one because I keep thinking the larger number is the total and the smaller number are the people that got better
What do you specifically mean by "smarter" because there are many different kinds, do you mean more intelligent as in more knowledge or maybe better reasoning skills or a faster learner?
7:05 this graph seems to indicate that liberal democrats are more likely to get the question correct no matter how it’s worded.
God dayum, I absolutely aced these questions. Got anything harder?
I still don't know how the numeracy scores are derived...
@Veritasium, how did you calculate the numeracy score for the people you questioned on the streets?
well of course people wont change their entire beliefs based on a single study from an unknown source. and thats a good thing. i feel like the question left too much space for interpretation. it isnt as clear cut as it is made out to be here. "crime improved" and "crime worsened" are too vague. what kind of crime? is the average increase the same as the average decrease? what other contributing factors were there? the reason why this wasnt really critically assessed in the skin cream question is that a) people are used to manipulation and fabrication for political topics and are thus more wary and b) people have already formed an opinion based on previous experience with the topic, while nobody is personally familiar with the skin cream.
I already asked the question what skin cream it is
With the first question I feel like you asked about the skin cream grp specifically not the none skin cream grp why not ask as a whole which showed better results.
How many people was in the control group AND experimental in total??that is how we should proportional reason
There's a disconnect between the numeracy score/skill in this video. Did people interviewed on the streets have their numeracy score measured? I'm not saying the study done by Dan Kahan but tho ones that's done by Wylie.
So confirmation bias is more prevalent and stronger in people with a higher mental capacity?
For The skin cream question, the sample sizes are not equal for the cases. So, nothing can be determined properly, is my reasoning.
Your American  friend  Wylie ?
isnt that just confirmation bias?
7:10 This clearly isn't the "exact same" question, it's it? The skin studies was a clinical trial, while the cities were framed as an observational study, giving smart people the chance to come up with lots of *totally legitimate* alternative hypotheses. The "right answer" in interpreting that data is a lot less clear.
Am I weird for not believing in anything? I just find believing without solid evidence and a path towards testing theories with solid scientific principles a waist of time and mental effort.
My first question would be why the number of testers for creams and no creams was different.  Honestly from the way the question was designed "Did the cream make the rash better?" I excluded the non cream group and only looked at the resutls of the cream group. I think there is many right answers until you form a more precise question
The skin cream question is flawed.  223 patients improved with the skin cream and only 107 with control.  Therefore it helped 116 people, while 75 got worse instead of 21 for excess of 56.  Those patients had side effects.  If your goal is to have the rash get better, use the cream and take the chance of the side effects.
2:48 Leslie Lamport ? The Man Who Revolutionized Computer Science With Math.
Uhh now you've got me in a pickle. If I reject the fact that human beings do not change their beliefs according to evidence, then I evidently would disproof my disbelief, but if I were to accept the fact that human beings are not rational and do not respond to evidence, then I would also disproof my own belief.
What i learnt from this video was that Americans (and perhaps everyone) try to approach everything without involving mathematics.  When I first saw the question, my initial reaction was, "wait, what are these numbers in percentage?" This makes the answer quite obvious and simple, or at least empirical.
What’s the point ?
I would’ve liked to see how Libertarians or centrists answered these questions.
... Interesting.  So in effect this study highlights that there is a hierarchy in types of rationality?
Although I think my numeracy is good, my first reaction to the data was "why is the data being presented this way/why do the results seem to not have the same amount of participants" and is that a valid objection to answering. But I think if I must answer given what is provided then the result seems reasonable. Maybe that's more of the science mind, trying to recreate the construction of the experiment instead of just looking at numbers on paper.
Wouldn't someone being more science curious eventually lead to them being more science intelligent which then leads to people being more polarized?
I’m not sure what context you’re giving people, but there’s a lot of assumptions you have to make to answer these questions that heavily affect the answer such as with the rash one whether people actually all had the same kind of rash or the same severity. With the gun control one you might ask what kind of people tend to own guns.
2:39 How the hell did smart (high numeracy) people think "oh big number good cream". And why is the chart bleeding.
Am I absolutely crazy to think it's hilarious to see someone in a Maga hat talking about how they would have to believe any evidence that they saw that was good evidence? This is the same group of people that whenever they find evidence that doesn't agree with their position, they claim a global conspiracy
As a self identified smart person, I accidentally do this to save brainspace for other computations, like writing a bot to auto answer this question for me. On the spot, I will use theorems that I have ingested to quick answer.
I mean, people who are actually smart will recognize that both of these questions are stupid. There are too many unaccounted factors that you can't just write off by saying: "Uuuuuuuh, that's not an answer. Improved or didn't improve".  And yet, so many people give an answer with confidence. That's depressing.
was this series of experiments ever conducted outside of the US?
"Left or right arm?"
How do we fix the issue? The Experiment gave the answer. Try to be as unpolitical and abstract as possible and build your opninion on the abstract rather than the direct emotinally loaded subject.
Sorry but this is incorrect and false information. Smarter people will get that question right, whereas dumber people will get it wrong. Happy to help!
This is not the gun control argument at all. Crime is not the issue we debate. It’s whether or not my rights are second to government control in the name of safety
I think part of the problem is that when you see information that doesn't match up with your beliefs, you are more likely to question the data source.  There is too much dubious methodology and statistical manipulation going on out there.
sooo, it's a bias check study ?
So, if a person has a strong bias, that bias will affect their interpretation of data? Whooda thunk it!?
Is it just me or did the guy on the thumbnail look like Wil Wheaton?
Why is Dereck asking his young self the quuestion?
Why does the exp. not consider if the patients' rash stayed neutral? (neither improved nor worsened)  Rash is something that can get better or stay the same or get worse over time.
Ok but after watching this video I did concede my long held position that i am rationally thinking person right? So if I accepted evidence from this video and changed my opinion about me being a rational person..... That should practically make me a rational person right? Or does thinking that make me an irrational person once again?
Ah a classic statistic question that I learned in high school lol.
What amount of liberal people didn't answer the question opposing their beliefs at all and asked to see the data instead
This is not the gun control argument at all. Crime is not the issue we debate. It’s whether or not my rights are second to government control in the name of safety
It's basically the same as religion; whan a fact goes against their belief, they question the fact rather than their belief.
Actual smart people would ask how that data is gathered, how good was the sample, a breakdown by level of education and country of residence...instead of taking those numbers at face value, especially in a politically charged subject where both sides are likely to try manipulating public opinion through bogus partisan studies.
The smart people didn't actually do worse though, they just didn't do as well as they would have if the question weren't political. Same problem with the colloquial meaning of "dunning-kruger".
This question misses the total number of participants in the study with the cream and with the placebo. If the numbers are equal, then the answer is that there is another factor or factors which determines whether the person will be helped or harmed by the cream. Maybe the exact nature of the rush was not known, maybe different underlying causes can lead to this rush, maybe it depends on whether the individual has dry or oily skin - there may be multiple possibilities, but I do not think the second answer (makes it worse) is correct either.
Now the question is: does this only go for the completely divided U.S. Or does this also go for other countries where people are taught to remain a bit more critical.
This is not fair at all and I am a bit peeved how this is presented as a political issue. Cream example is an isolated example where the participant can think of the problem as isolated mathematical case separate from the real world. Gun control in cities meanwhile has so many nuances and is connected to everything around it. If you rephrased the cream question to "x cities told people to apply this cream to it's citizens" and "x cities told people to not apply any cream at all" you might start seeing some doubt as now the problem is bigger than just a handful of folk doing a study. Do people sell the cream? Forge a resistance to repel council officials from applying cream on them forcefully? Do other creams muddy the waters? This gap in logic is that they no longer think as mathematicians, but as economists when dealing with the issue. I am sure politics plays a huge role too, but it's not logical to me to jump to such conclusions.
People of average intelligence are less likely to change their assumptions if presented with contrary data?
I'm amazed at how many people were reasoning on the politics of a "fictitious" study. The study isn't real. It's just a math question.
We asked people if they would change their political views when presented with good evidence, that they researched themselves.  We then presented them with bad, made-up evidence, from one study from an unknown source, presented with confusing labelling, and noted that they did not change their aforementioned political view.
With the skin cream question my gut reaction was to treat it like a question on a test/the exam in the experimental design in environmental science course I took last year, where among other things we had to identify issues/weaknesses of hypothetical studies.  Yeah this one group shows a higher proportion of people with worse symptoms than the other, but why aren’t the experimental group and control group the same size? How were people selected to begin with? You said a rash, but didn’t specify if it’s from the same condition, so is it the same condition in all individuals? Did you control for environmental factors or pre existing conditions like allergies that could affect the prevalence/severity of the rash?  Was the control group using any other kind of cream to manage it prior to using none during the study? Why isn’t there a placebo group?  Is this a pilot study/the first study on the treatment? If not how does it compare to other studies and is there a meta analysis in them? Do the authors have any relevant biases/what are their biases? (I.E. If the skin cream company is funding them they may either consciously or unconsciously manipulate the study or results).  I know it’s not the point of the question and overall video, but not looking into the methodology, biases, etc is how you get stuff like Wakefield’s infamous MMR vaccine study
It would be an "easier" question if the number of people in each study were equal. Intuitively, people think if you have 2 study groups they have an equal number of participants. In this case the "cream" group had 298 people and the "no cream" group had 128. So, your intuition is fooled by the larger number.
Another clickbait title?
I am good at math , but i am used to look at everything in the question , and take only what matters , so i didn't get it wrong .
I do wonder if higher numeracy shows higher polarisation simply because people with higher numeracy are more likely to be more educated, more likely to have free time to pay attention to politics, and therefore more likely to have preconceived notions about political debate topics
They have done a fictional study were people were asked if they can accept to answer a question based on fictional data. The person doing it went crazy.
How would you talk about gun control, without calling it gun control?
So people are indeed making their own „alternative facts“ when their believes are being questioned.
OMG, how come people don’t get it?
So smart people don't know how to do fractions? I don't think all smart people miss it.
Smarter people get it wrong? I knew I was the chosen one after I failed in 3rd grade
What matters here is that they need to know the gun control results are fiction for the sake of the test.
Would have been interesting to see data on people claiming to be independent
10 minutes in and I still don't know if the cream improved rash or no Feeling dumb af
This isn't about smarter people doing better or worse, its just seeing who can control their bias and who lets their bias control their rational thought
But how did it affect the quality of which patients' conditions get better when apply cream? did people get cured vs improved? how did the nature of gun related violence change. did encounters become more or less lethal?
like 90% of politics these isn't really about data thooo . . . more gay is a sin or if books are molesting your children idk food for thought
A serious flaw in this study: both questions are based on very different experimental designs. Inference based on a controlled experiment (skin cream) isn’t the same as inference based on observational data. I think the authors may be the ones who need a bit of a refresher in statistical analysis.
When I saw the table, before assessing the results, first question in my head was “what’s the sample size?” I would now want to know what’s the distribution of numeracy levels within the general population, and if my original question is commie or not.
I got the question right and I’m smart
Did anyone notice Wylie's surname is literally overstreet  who goes over street for research?
so equating correlation with causation is the correct way to think about this table? interesting hidden bs-premise...
If the FBI is willing to lie about crime stats, why would anyone who's smart take your little chart at face value. There's 3 kinds of lies: Lies, Damned lies, and Statistics.
3:03 says 223 people have their rashes worsened, 1:33 says 223 people have their rashes improved. I don't get it, is this a mistake?
Is gun control the same as a placebo?  Guns are still present, and you can't really assume a baseline.
4:32 how do people in all samples get it right only ~30% of the time at numeracy 0? Since there are opposite results any voting pattern (unless intelligently bad) would yield any average of 50% at worst no?
I'm so confused. Do I need to shoot my rash or not?
I don’t like the question because it doesn’t give a sample size.  It may be my fault for misunderstanding but here is how I got misled. For some reason, I understood that both creams had the same sample size, let’s say n=1000, with a hidden "rest" of the test subjects where there was no visible effect (good or bad). In that case, there is an increase in both improvement and worsening, when comparing the test with the control. Moreover, it makes sense. A medication tends to have secondary effects. If you take that into account, you could argue that the medication DOES increase your symptoms.  Again, I don’t know if it’s me, but I think the question has some ambiguity.
Feels like this just brings more questions than answers... Some would call thata good study/result.   I think there is a leson about oversimplifying issues in here too
I'm curious about the same study but in other country. US have a very polarise politic environement and in courntry with more diveres and numerous political groupe could have more diverse data.
The first question is an invalid one: “Did the cream make the rash better or worse?”.  The answer is “both”. It made 223 cases better, and 75 cases worse.  If you want a different answer, you have to ask a different question, like: “Is using the cream more likely to improve the rash, vs not using the cream.”  This is one of those cases where, I think, asking the question differently would prompt people to think about it differently, changing how people answer.
and what of the actual free thinkers who can see more than 2 sides?  perhaps the Libertarian who is so tired of people assuming you  are either one or the other?  geez
Just change the question: 1, Do you enjoy that 3 times a week someone got shot in your neighborhood? 2, Do you enjoy rebuilding your house (and loosing all of your sentimental values) because of tornado/flood/fire every 2-3 years? 3, Do you like arrested by police without reason? No? Well, here is our plans, how to fix that: a, increase police present / deal with gun ownership b, deal with climate change (multi choice answer) c, increase mandatory police training from the abysmal 760 hours to 2000 - 2500 hours.
Those are scientifically bad numbers! I would question the method and group size! For the skin cream... What is the reason for the rash? How much people from which age group? Why is it, and dose it matter that the groups are different sizes? For the city/gun question.. Are there more city's where gun laws stayed the same and vise versa? Is that difference in group size dependent on a filter like size of the city? Are those city's equally spaced over the country and how compared to population density?   Without those background informations, and assuming the group size difference doesn't matter, it's depending on the direction! Improved/worsened  223/75 worse 107/21 better  Worsened/improved 223/75 better 107/21 worse  That's it! But then asking this in the most dumb country in the world is another scientific endeavor on its own! 🤣 Nearly every answer was more or less stupid! No one got the right conclusion for the given framework! Only difference was that people care  less about skin rash then gun law's in the US! That's my conclusion.
Wait wait wait... Studies that do not include Neutral genders ?! Ballsy move
The first question is tricky. If you use statistics, you can take some conclusions for some confidence interval. Outside of it, it may be inconclusive. Also, the population of people using the cream is much larger than the ones not using. Hence, you can make some calculations (maybe with hypothesis h0 and h1) to make up for that missing data and make "a guess" with values from tables (z table, in this case, I believe).  This is what I assume you'll do, as I'm just starting out the video.
I’d have liked to see the reactions to everyone upon hearing the real purpose of the questions
The original study actually called it crime increase/decrease. Why did you guys change it to improved/worsened, when that makes it vaguer.
WHY IS THERE A SHOT OF mARATHA MORCHA IN THIS VIDEO 9:28
My problem with the Gun Control question is there can be so many other factors that impact the stats vs the cream/rash question where it's a controlled study with few other factors to consider. Correlation does not equal causation and when there can be so many other factors, people will inject their own beliefs to justify their answer.
Id be interested to know if this study holds true in other countries less politically split than the us.
Why did it turn into us election video
MAybe the tribe effect could be a secondary effect of being in a cult?
People being unable to look objectively at data and conclude based on the presented data is actually scary. Are most people just NPCs? Am I one of them even tho I don't think so?
…. How many people were in each group?   How many people saw no differences?   Were there any extraneous variables?   How many  participants could not complete the experiment?
Aren't people with higher numeracy more likely to have opinions formed from previously investigating data on the most hot-button topics?  How do you control for that in this experiment?
Lady at 3:06 is as emotionally attached to skin cream as Republicans and Democrats are to their sides of the gun control debate. It's all about how attached you are to the subject of the question.
how did the guy make a video about politics without being political
Paused at 1:46. The skin cream example doesn't work because there isn't a third column for "no measurable difference", and those people must necessarily exist because the sample size of the control group is way smaller. Assuming this study has been done properly and both groups are of equal size, there's data that isn't being shown, so coming to any kind of strong conclusion about what the data says would be a mistake. However, the clear difference between the rates of skin improving of the two groups makes it very likely that using the skin cream is the better option overall. But that's "likely" and not "certain".  Edit: Oh, it's a politics thing about tribalism, and none of those criticisms are being applied. Skip.
Werent there supposed to be more videos about thermite?
i feel like this test is kind of flawed. if I was presented with this without immediately being told it was a fake example i would absolutely ask for sources or more information as well, while if i knew it was just information made up for the question it would change to a simple math problem. if these issues existed in a vacuum, id get it. but if someone brought me random statistics from something that didn't line up with research I've seen in the past id assume an issue with the data, not an issue with my reasoning. i think there's a difference between answering wrong because of a polarizing viewpoint and not wanting to engage with a suspicious data set with no sources.   i can't tell if you made it very clear every time that the statistics were made up, but being put on the spot can also cause people to miss things or speak irrationally.  it just feels like there's so many other variables here that there's no way in my mind this can be consistent.
I think its because more critical people aren't just going to accept a random chart some guy pulled out for their soundbite, so they bring in a bunch of other information that they have already spent a lot of time thinking about (because its being discussed everywhere) to contextualize the simple question, turning it into a complex question with a different answer aligned with the conclusions they already arrived at.
What is the percentage of Democrats and Republicans on your channel? could you make a pool?
I'm feel like these questions is lacking information, which is total sample size of each group, and number of participants which the rash stay the same
I always question the underlying data and believe that the research "facts" are usually skewed when the source has bias or an agenda. There's also room for sloppy research.  When a politician tells me their policy or decision is "science based" all the red flags go up.
If anyone were smart enough, they would realize that the "rash" question is a totally standard kind of statistical test, and look up method, if they didn't know it.  But also, the right, proportional answer should have been fairly obvious to nearly everyone.
This is a nice little study, but I question the source of the claims.  That is the true problem.
I don't understand how showing people admittedly fake data helps this problem of epistemic faith?
You should have included a politically loaded question that has the Yes/No answers opposite to the gun control question, let say about the correlation between immigration and crime... and see if the ratio of wrong to correct answers is the same across the political divide for both questions
It's just calculating ratios?
6:04 Why did you label it "crime improved" and "crime worsened"? That seems so much more ambiguous than "increased" and "decreased"
Smart people doing worse? Finally, my moment to shine!
Questions like these have me buggig for answers that Derek would've given if he was asked for the first time like us haha
Do this same study except use a religious belief. People "selectively apply [religious beliefs] to justify the conclusion they already believed before hand." The only remaining question is that a stronger emotional force then political views.
I am the only one who saw the thumbnail and thought Benedict Cumberbatch was answering a survey?
I think it's inherantly a poor question
Did you ask these partisan questions on rallys? If so, no surprise, they will be biased.
A better title would be "Math thinkers/Smarter people get tricked more by these questions".
a contextless table of four numbers without methodology is a Rorschach blot, so when the stakes are higher it ceases to be a math problem
I'm thinking what if they asked real researchers, are they also biased?
I'm confused how the Veritasium-cited study on numerousy could guarentee that they were measuring numerousy. I mean, isn't this more of a craft of science question than a pure fractions question? Were people who asked about how the fictitious the gun-control/skin-cream studies were controlled filtered out? Like, crime can depend on a million things aside from gun-control, it'd be so much harder to control for other factors compared to the skin cream.
The real question is why wouldn't you make the control and experimental group the same size
I don't even understand the question 😭
I wonder what the results would be in a different country, where political issues are not so polarized, not so blue/red. The USA is rather... special when it comes to politics.
Am i stupid for getting it wromg?
Does crime worsened with a green arrow mean the act of perpetrating crime increased and became worse? Or the act of perpetrating crime became worse, and crime decreased? The question inherently confuses the frequency of an action and the outcome of an action. Compared to the skincare question, it's a badly worded question.
My brain reading the question and thinking.. “if the rash got “better,”wouldnt that mean the rash increased in size?
10:12 Why is that scary though? If both sides talk amongst each other in the same way, isn't that just evidence that we are not so different and are just as capable of talking between parties in the same way?
@veritasium have this experiment been done with autistic participants ? My guess is that we are more likely to analyze the data and base our conclusions on that rather than what our "tribe" thinks. Because that's how we live our daily lives
1:33 I felt so off with this and I even got the question right. thinking about it more. what percentage of people thought both groups where equal in number?
My problem with this entire study is that people were "asked" how they think their numeracy skill is. They were not actually tested for it. That means that the entire x-axis of all of these graphs represents how high people THINK their numeracy skill is and not how high it actually is. And as we all know, smarter people tend to underevaluate their skill set while dumber people tend to overevaluate their skill set. Meaning the people with the highest numeracy skill are probably not at the far right of the x-axis.
am i dumb for getting the first question right?....
I love this stuff. How might this affect truth, misinformation and, disinformation in News?
Question: how do you put an elephant into a refrigerator?
Im curious of the method they used to determine numeracy
Why is climate change political?
A nationally diverse group of Americans?
How did you measure the participants numeracy? I feel it would be difficult to test them when you interview them on the street.
You should ask trumpers about Flat Earth and cloud seeding. that would be so much fun😅
I feel like the skin cream experiment lacks something, maybe total nr of participants? There was higher probability of improvement vs worsening, but it was still beneficial for smaller number of people so doesn't it depend whether you value safety or effectiveness? Like high risk-high reward vs low risk-low reward, which is better?  If the numbers were 80%/10% vs 8%/0.5% which would be better then? I'd say the latter is more or less useless for most people so is it really better? I don't think "better" is defined by the ratio but rather is subjective and depends on your values and needs and in that case there wouldn't be an objectively "right" or "wrong" answer. Maybe I'm missing something so if anyone can correct me I would appreciate it :)
guy asks a hypothetical question with made up numbers: "I wanna look at the sources and sources of sources..." Bro just answer the question, you don't sound smart...
what is "science comprehension" anyway? lol
Can you tell us more about the sampling of people, I believe you only took american?
why change it to improved and worsened?
When asked about guns, people are just using the opportunity to express themselves, who really cares if the answers are right or wrong?
Victory... But at what cost?
There's a problem with the gun question though in my opinion. It is mainly because in reality, common sense gun control is logically going to make crime rates go down. And so when you use it as a question with fictitious data showing that the correct answer to that is that gun control does not bring crime rate down and instead up while keeping two possible answers possible to choose from, you are quite setting the common sense bar of the question below zero. This simply makes logically thinking people more inclined to pick what is wrong to that question posed. In real world people are going to make decisions based on facts, not fictitious data. So this question on this topic with a made-up data to test people's thinking isn't quite fruitful or efficient I would say.
so this is basically a reversed dunning-kruger effect?
I got the question right. I don't FEEL like I'm dumb.. I graduated from college and am working at Tesla right now. I've just got a very logical brain and I work with data day in and day out.
9:29 is that maratha rally?
But if someone was making a article of such a topic Then the less of those "buzzwords/Triggerword" and "making one side seem evil language" The less the views the person will get?  Im not saying the government has any incentive for views but just a idea
We have a question to you here about numbers. But if you agree with the correct answer you'll lose your job XD
I think the correct question is "Did the X made it better or worse ACCORDING TO THIS STUDY?"
Table with crimes doesn't make sense to me anymore. What numbers mean there? What 21 crimes worsened means. In previous one you just add 107 and 21 and you get 128 people who didn't use skin care. What 128 means in new table? Total crimes where guns are legal? And 21 of these crime are worse than what?
I dont like the gun example, because there was a prior state to the example either the city had gun laws or no gun laws,  actually that example makes no sense. Crime worsened what does that mean? Were there more crimes in total? were there more deaths? were there more gun related crimes? I can see how people with difrent political views would interpret 240 cities crime worsened differently completely unrelated to math reasoning and just related to how the problem is worded.
I'd say people judge that the data is 'wrong' and thus don't get to the calculation part of the question, but rather feel like the answer doesn't matter, because the data is worthless.
"Am I Smart because I'm dumb or am I dumb because I'm smart?"
you only have 2 options so its a 50/50 if people are guessing. There should be like 4 or 5 to prove its not guessing on the rash question.
Are there some people for whom the skin cream neither makes it better or worse and it just stays the same?
i was right. am i dumb?
I have a huge problem with the way this experiment is conducted.  The issue on the gun control question is the people are asked "looking at these numbers, did gun control help" they are then assuming that there are a lot of variables that go into the numbers presented and are doubting that the numbers themselves are corrupted. Instead of being asked "with no other impact, do these numbers show that gun control help". That would allow them to use their numeracy "abilities" and be able to see if there is still a bias.  In the video you can already see everyone is asking about the number legitimacies. Then they can focus on "well the numbers below were less because of the control, regardless of it helped or hurt, the lower numbers are better" Which doesn't really relate to the question and what is being presented.
Curious who everyone here is voting for 💙🇺🇸
Is his hair blue in the thumbnail?
"Both sides bad"  Are we forgetting what the two sides are? One is satus quo and the other is project 2025. Yes both are "bad" but one is objectively worse.
Me looking at the rash numbers and wondering 1 Why didn't they use the same number of participants for each group? 2 Is there a missing group of "No change"?
I don't like how the questions are asked. Honestly I am very skeptical when it comes to questioners. I thing it is very easy to get them wrong. Maybe you could make a video on how good of a tool questioners are?
WTF is this idiotic comma?
The twist revealing the question was how politics affected our reasoning was definitely something
The timing on this video is suspect.
I’m going to get this question so wrong then.
How about having more than two political parties? Would that reduce the tribalism and make it easier for people to solve these types of problems?
You're not gonna convince me that smart people got that first question wrong.
the political question is also just harder to understand. The arrow next to “increased” makes it seem like crime is increasing but what it’s trying to convey is that crime decreased 5:54 . I’m willing to bet if it was made easier to read a lot more people with high numeracy would get it right.
The handcream question was easy, would have been interesting to pose the gun control question first and then reveal the cream one 🤔
Another type of question where people will answer by gut instead of rational thinking would've been "Do god exist ?"
I figured that cream question out easily. I must be a noron! 😂
Bro if you look at the math I got it right, I didn't guess. How could a "smart" person do it and get it wrong? Seems like a skill issue
it seem a bit bogus to expect people to change opinion presented on such bad study display, i mean it look like a school test question, but for it to be a data value that would be considered in my opinion, i need to know, how the delta crime was mesured, reported or convicted?, crime, violent or none violent? i need to know the sampling of the city, and if other factor that could have more impact then gun control were isolated of not, etc.
the skin cream question is easy, it got worse as the rash worsened increased compared to the other number, rash improved roughly 2x and the rash worsened roughly 3x which means it got worse with cream
On the first question I got it right using the wrong method and I think I’ve just proved this video true
hmm but do we also avoid terms like "war crimes", "genocide", and "ethnic cleansing"?
The skin cream question has no predefined bias based on the vagueness of the question relating to people in their daily views. So the answer to the question becomes skewed when predetermined views influence the participant to bend the results to their world view. Remember 82% of all statistics are made up!
Any studies suggesting that our Sun is getting warmer rather than the Earth getting warmer because of Man? The smarter you are...
shouldn't we normalise the data, like, add total participants in each group then find LCM, divide each with the LCM, get the diff of good and bad results...
I really like this video, but I feel there is one bit of nuance not discussed; How often do each party present real facts? Could Democrat propensity to present true facts lead the people that ascribe to the political ideology to trust in their policies more? I really feel like this whole idea is only scratching the surface on both sides and I'd love to see some effort put into digging a little deeper.
brother from different mother, why did you put the normal problem first and the that ppl who are "smarter" get wrong as second, i wanted to get it wrong so i can feel good about myself :(
I don't think it's reasonable to say that the gun control question is exactly the same as the rash question:   When a fictional study is talking about a rash, "better" or "worse" can just be summed up with "did the rash cover more area or less?".  But when a fictional study is talking about crime "getting worse" or "getting better", the concepts get very murky.  If there's one fewer murder, but ten more instances of petty shoplifting, does that mean it "got worse" because the total count of crimes increased?    We can tell people to just look at the numbers, but we can't realistically expect people to completely shut off their ability to reason in order to answer a hypothetical.
wait so was the rash worse? the ratio is obviously worse and that was my first instinct
people in the comments getting baited lol, the video is not even remotely about the questions man
1:49 but my immediate thought when the question was presented was that there's no data for the people that observed no change, or the total number of participants in each group. The answer assumes that everyone either got better or worse. (But of course the trick in the question was obvious cuz us watching the video already knew that there was a trick)
Hm, I got the first right question right... But I think by an entirely different reasoning. °~°
I wonder if this would result in the same outcome if it was done with lonely and secluded people. A part that kinda stuck with me was, people are afraid of change and thus be isolated by their groups, but what about people who do not have a group?
But... isn't this just verification bias? Sounds to me like it and I can not make out a difference. Edit after watching until end: So you don't say it, but the implication of forming our believes emotional and finding patterns in data that suite our believes is verification bias.
6:00 what is this comparison 😂
I forgot to factor in the possibility that the control group was smaller than the group that used the cream and I didn't assume the data was complete (thinking it excluded the cases where the rash didn't improve nor worsened). And thus I got the question wrong.
Where is Brilliant?
Not sure if I wanna do worse or better now 🤔
I wanted to suggest a follow-up question. Science depends on highly numerate people objectively dealing with the data. And in most situations we do. I think that there is increasing evidence that when our beliefs, or the pressure of our situation is sufficiently connected to our research, our objectivity falls sharply. There are of course those who commit academic fraud for research grants, or fear to publish research for fear of ridicule, or live under authoritarian regimes. But these are obvious and usually conscious decisions to be unobjective. I am much more concerned about the reflexive, subconscious ways we deal with data without even being aware of our biases.
How does that video fit in with my existing ideology ? Should I believe it ?  Am I overthinking it ?
Has anyone done a study on how removing the 👎 count on YouTube has affected engagement?  (not that I disliked this video, it was great!)
Finally, a test i felt good not answering the questions😅
The gun control argument is an odd one to use because it is not a statistics question, it is a moral one: "Do you have the right to use tools to defend yourself and your family if those tools can also be used for harm?"
A stupid question in general as banning guns might not even be related to increase or decrease in crime. This is completely different in terms of cause and effect than the cream example. Banning guns doesn't prevent criminals from having guns, better enforcement of existing gun laws might be effective.
I not sure if gun control is the best example for this, skin cream studies are more reliable since there are fewer outside variables in play, and the causation is pretty clear. This is very much not the case when measuring crime rates and determining a cause.  It's then much more reasonable to question any data on the subject, which may contribute to why people are less likely to go with the answer the numbers give, or to even bother evaluating them.  This does still show that people are more likely to go with any numbers if they support their views though
How did he pin the commet is 55 minutes ago but video is upload 10 minutes ago?
On the rash question, we don't have the group sizes, nor how many people didn't see any change - the question would have left me scratching my head.
Wouldnt this be a case of confirmation bias? I think this video is very insightfull on that regard since sicientits ( staticians, biologists, physicists, etc) should always be aware of their own biases, even the more unconscious ones, great video! Greetings from Argentina
Why are these studies only concentrated in America and then generalised for the whole world.
Well, no surprise there. When confronted with a question that triggers an emotional response, your brain is probably more worried about the projected consequences of the answer rather than the accuracy of the answer, and logical thinking is thrown under the bus to avoid a contraditction
Sure we believe what we believe bc we wanna fit in and that is logical, but many a times we just don't, is that because we want to feel special and be separated from the others? And if yes, By how much? Is that logical?
Why so serious.. brother..
The data shown in this video seems based purely on Americans while I don't really hear that being nuanced (and my lazy ass isn't going to fully check the source). Is this another American aimed video without it being explicitly said or am I misinterpreting the data?
"What's the rash? And what's the cream you're givin me?" That is a lady firmly planted in the real world. No nonsense
How would the time allowed to come up with an answer change the results ?
Crime improved means crime increase and crime worse means less crime?
My initial response (for either question) would be about where the data comes from, and as it's totally made up, it doesn't really matter.
I am going to ask you a question, and I am going to predict the answer you will have pop in your mind at first, and predict that will be a wrong answer. This works on most people and you can try if for yourself on others to see too, its an interesting conversation starter.
A bat and a ball together cost 1.10, the bat costs 1.00 more then the ball, how much did the ball cost?
Now I believe what is happening when a question that exposes a conflict in a belief, idea, something that someone said, or even about someone they idolize and the question gets avoided, that is the fast unconscious mind going into denial and the response is often a projection.  This also can trigger and emotional response activating the amygdala more and the pre frontal cortex less where rational conscious thought is said to happen and the amygdala starts to get the body to flood itself with chemicals/hormones.
Its like the fast mind knows conscious awareness will say its wrong. so it blocks it off to defend itself from admitting its wrong.  in cases of denial and because it blocked off the rational mind, the responses are often irrational.  Like personal attacks do not address the issue or answer the question.  I think we can agree people have a very hard time now days admitting when they are wrong, I am not exempt from this myself I do realize. And we can see how badly questions avoidance effects us if you watch political meetings and watch them avoid questions all day long.
So was this understandable or confusing?
if you understand it, do you think its possibly true?
Do you have any questions?    If you have any tips I am would gladly listen.
The first question i get in mind after seeing that chart is that  Why are the numbers in top row (223+75) not equal to (107+21) To judge more easily the test should be conducted on equal number of people.  𝘈𝘭𝘵𝘩𝘰𝘶𝘨𝘩 𝘢𝘴 𝘩𝘦 𝘦𝘹𝘱𝘭𝘢𝘪𝘯𝘦𝘥 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘹5 𝘵𝘪𝘮𝘦𝘴 𝘢𝘯𝘥 𝘹3 𝘵𝘪𝘮𝘦𝘴 𝘪𝘴 𝘸𝘩𝘢𝘵 𝘺𝘰𝘶 𝘤𝘢𝘭𝘤𝘶𝘭𝘢𝘵𝘦 𝘪𝘧 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘴𝘶𝘮 𝘰𝘧 2 𝘳𝘰𝘸𝘴 𝘢𝘳𝘦𝘯𝘵 𝘦𝘲𝘶𝘢𝘭.
Smart people doing worse? Finally, my moment to shine!
If you get the question right. You are above smart and if you get the question wrong you are just Smart.
i love the idea of smarter people doing worse at some questions just because of high intelligence
I mean its less of a math question and more a question where data is seemingly incomplete and leaves a lot of room for interpretation based on ideology and personal beliefs.
POV: You didn't get the question even after the explanation  👁👄👁
So if I answer these wrong on purpose, am I smart or am I dumb?
Smarter people don’t do worse, they do relatively worse than when the question is non political. They still do objectively better.
Rash improve means rash becomes worse? And rash becomes worse means it improved? Think about the wordings ....
6:04 Why did you label it "crime improved" and "crime worsened"? That seems so much more ambiguous than "increased" and "decreased"
Question 1: Theres basically no improvement. The relationship between the two numbers is about 30%. (After watching your answer. Well. My results where 25% and 33% and i saw them as basically equals, not as 2x and 5x.)  Now i dont know if im smart or not.  Maybe im just sigma(?
Aced every question.. wait..
I'm very smart and I got the cream question correct now I fear that I'm not as smart as I think I am
This is extreely amazing, because you see exactely at which point people are intelligent enough to see the reasning behind the question. :D
People tend to make decisions based on personal biases before looking at the data…  How is this new?
Is a "better" rash more of a rash?
In a study is there a general amount of people that are chosen
I thought from the rash's perspective, as an improvement would mean a larger rash.   Which group am I in? 🤷   edit typo
Maths?
The question is if I should be proud of answering the questions correct or not 😂
I got everything wrong. Does that make me smart or dumb?
I got everything right. Does that make me smart or dumb?
I have to admit I did really bad on these questions.
Finaly a question i can answer well
got it right, does that mean i am dumb?
Why are there a lot of bots commenting here @veritasium
So I'm stupid because I answered the question correctly? Great, thanks
I get all questions wrong, no matter what it is
Face reveal when?
I want to ask some questions, how can I contact you?
