Hello ken jee!!! I'm doing a graduation on Computer Science and i really keen to learn Data Science. From where should i start? learning Python basics? If you have any resources of learning Python, could you help me providing the link? To be honest my excitement to learning data science get on the top notch after watching your this video. 😄
Hey Ken! I am almost finishing my university degreed in market research & marketing and I am going to focus in data science/data engineering. Currently my friends are telling me to buy a M1 Macbook but I am not sure about compatibilities with OSX and I am not familiarised with Macs (I have always being a Windows user). Do you think it is a good idea or is it better to stick with this Zbooks or any other similar Windows laptop?
Hi Ken, as always, your videos are insightful and easy to follow. Would you say that  one of the main distinctions between a data analyst and a data scientist is that the analyst focuses on what happened? While the scientist is looking for future possible outcomes? Thanks so much again for your hard work in helping us!
Any good resume templates I can use?
Hey Ken! Great introductory video! Thanks :) i have been doing small projects involving blockchain. For example, I scrape blockchain data but i do it using beautifulsoup and selenium. There are APIs but most are not well documented and are not free. When you said “new tools” to work with blockchain data, what do you mean? Also, if you are looking for projects, i would love to brainstorm with you and come up with ideas. I am already working on one and would be great to discuss it with you :)
Hey Ken! I would love to hear opinion from you regarding your graduate program at DePaul. Do you think it is a good program for someone without formal CS background? I studied Quantitative Economics as undergrad without programming experience, except statistical programs like eViews, Stata and SPSS. I am currently doing internship at Fortune 200 company as Data Analyst where I will craft my Data Modelling, Analysis and Visualization skills using ( Power) Excel, PowerBI, SQL, Python Spark, matplotlib, pandas etc.
Sir I'm from Bangladesh. I am doing bachelor in math. Can I go for data science?
What I have to choose in between Bachelor of business administration major in Finance or IT..to continue in data Science?!
Why did he / you ignore r studio column in df_model ?
Is it just me or glassdoor has made its html scrape-proof? I tried reproducing the code but I couldn't comprehend how I could access the elements with company name, salary est., location, etc. The elements are just divs with job ids in class name and no extra attributes to access them. Anyone have a workaround, please help? If possible, can anyone share the link with the dataset you scraped because I really want to follow along with the tutorial. Thanks in advance
what a guy 🤣
Hey Ken! I was wondering what you think about many people using a single account on Netflix or Amazon prime video? It must impact the recommendation generated for that account but also affect user-user similarity used for recommendations.
I'm 40, want to live in Asia and work remotely. Which should I choose?
So how can you get a job this way?
Is it realisable to apply deep learning on a real project after four months starting from scratch in this field ?
Hey Ken, can you make a video for highschool students who want to learn more about data science..?
As a data scientist, that sounds really interesting. Could you expand on it more in future videos?
KEN! When are you dropping the Papaya NFT collection?!?!
So its already Jan 17. Am I too late to start my #66DaysofData?
So should I expect a ken and Avery colab? 👀👀
What I am confused on Data Science and AI with the development of web 3 is, if the data are publicly available- I guess (more like believe) the owner of the data would be kept anonymous. Although there is plenty of data out in the web, how would the business make strategies to reach to their audiences/customers? Wouldn't it be like television/radio/newspaper ads?
Also, how would the services reach to their probable new customers/audiences? Basically how would AI work for recommendation and how would business collect data to grow their business?
Secret web 3 project with?!? What!!!!! That sounds exciting. But seriously, every transaction being publicly available is a pretty cool idea, but also kinda scary. Think about your credit card bill being public. 😩
Can you please share how to get started a career in web3 ?
Thanks for watching everyone! New web 3 project is going to be an analysis of some web 3 data! What type of web 3 data would you be interested in seeing us analyze? Also, I apologize for the audio poorer audio quality on this one. Using a new camera and I guess I didn't tune it right!
Is WSL 2, or just linux in general, something I should be familiar with before getting my first job as a data scientist?  What resources should I use to learn?
How about don't learn data science lol. I'm sorry but the only benefit is that it pays REALLY well. It lacks creativity, is stressful because of the pressure that corporations put on your utilitarian "skills" you bring to the table to asses and translate data. Its a hard job. I'd pass.
Any full playlist that of data science you have taught from scratch ?
I mean if ken's offering it, he should take it blindly, I mean he gets ken as his coworker what else can anyone ask for? 😳
After completing your suggested course work on this video, how necessary do you believe an MS degree would be?
Is there a way to make the links in the page open on a new tab instead of the same tab?
Hi Ken! Great video. Can you also explain the role and responsibilites of a full stack data scientist too in one of your videos please ?
Great video Ken. You got any tips on how to get on the path of learning data science?
What about PySpark? Does it also make sense to pay attention to it? And what could be a possible private project example?
Ken, are you wearing a smart ring?
Hey Ken! I am a final year computer science student, I have started following Data science just 2-3 months back and I am intending to do a final year project on the same. The issue is that I have to learn data science from the basics, by myself, from the internet. I have only 3 and half months. Can you recommend any good course of Machine Learning with Data Science? Pretty much stressed I am!
7:57 yes, want a video like this on deep learning. + Do you need a pretty powerful PC for deep learning?
Hey Ken! I know this is an old video, but I was watching this again to plan a project that I am planning to work on. At the exploratory analysis part, you say that age looks like it is normally distributed. However, I'm pretty sure that if we run a Shapiro-Wilk test on it, it will turn out to be non-normal. So, I am wondering what do you mean by 'looks normally distributed' here? Are you looking for extremely skewed distributions to normalize? Thanks! Go #66daysofdata =)
What about PG program
I like how he says algorithm and techniques in 6:50 and show us the descending  slope. As if  he were referring to gradient descent. ?😄
This seems to be a silly thing that I see all the time with anything connected to coding. I've been learning to code (and now getting into data science) for about a year and a half. I have seen so many comments like is JavaScript dying? Is web development dying? Is Deno dead already? Even when people ask "Is JQuery dead?'" then you realise how many sites still use JQuery. The answer to the "Is it dead/dying?" question is usually "no"
Can you review the new Z desktops for data science?
Thanks for the useful video, I am very interested in learning data science,  but I am not sure if I can pursue it because I have got like 0 knowledge about it , could you help?
So is it possible that if I  start learning data science from scratch (which i am doing right now) and then get a job in data science field before completing my bachelor's degree in cse?
second question is can I apply for a master's degree on data science or related field while doing my bachelor's degree?
Did Cyber security is better than Data Science jobs?
Watching it again and starting to think if my struggling to learn python and pandas as well itnis not impatiance? Yes, at little.
Is that taking the paid course is good choice for data science?
Hi Ken, thank you for your videos. I have a question, I am software developer with 8 years experience. Mostly Web, PHP, SQL, GO, I decided to start learning machine learning, here is a lot of Python and so on, what do you think if person like me, firstly, will change position to data analyst and continue to learn ML ? Is it right decision ? Thank you.
What are your thoughts on Datacamp?
I am learning how to build predictive models by watching videos and working alongside on another screen.  It's really satisfying to see your code work.  Especially when you start to experiment with your own parameters.  Why do you think Python is more important to learn than R?  Is it more versatile? I'm learning both, I'm just curious what you think.
Could you please share the maths topics and their sub topics that I should focus on and get as proefficient in it. I will be absolutely grateful if you get a chance to share the same and if any resources that I should refer to.
I wonder what will happen if your video is shared on LinkedIn lol
I completely agree. I was nervous to take the ML assessment and assumed that, if anything, my first try would just help prepare me for what specifically to study more before retaking (because with only 15 questions, how would ML "in general" be covered?) Needless to say I was shocked at how basic the assessment was (and also how poorly it represented ML concepts). The vast majority of the questions I got addressed the bias-variance tradeoff... and there were a couple of terminology questions if I remember correctly. I don't think you were overly critical at all. I think you gave some great suggestions on alternative approaches that would help tech people better showcase their skills and I'd love to see LinkedIn implement some of your ideas!
Google's own assessments might be fine for evaluating potential candidates for themselves or possibly other FAANG (. . . . or should that now be MAANG?) company, but is the level of expectations and requirements the same across the board for any company?
I feel it’s cuz YouTube data community is growing and every other day, it seem as thou there’s more new people then not. Feels like by the time I grad in 5years, not much of the pie would be left for newbies?
Hi Ken, how are you? Hope fine.
Do employers even care about these "assessments"? They don't even care about MOOC's which take up a lot more time and effort. A lot of the places I applied to made me do shitty assessments like these. One tested me on super niche Python features like wtf.
You earned new subscriber. Love your encouragement for people like me. I did installed Python last year but stuck on where to start cuz I dunno what specific purpose. Since I wanna do my PhD related to AI (predictive model), should I learn the whole coding of python or only focus related to AI coding?
Thanks for watching everyone! Let me know how you feel about this assessment below? Was I overly critical?
For the 365 Data science website you recommend, is there any certification given after completion of the course?
Also is the certificate recognized?
Hi, What about SQL before Python?
how often do you write your models from scratch instead of using library imports?
I'm a Business Intelligence analyst working on Tableau. And would like to explore python for data science. Any inputs for getting started?
Hi, I'm a uni student majoring in business analytics. Because my school doesn't have a program that is "data analytic". If I only have two years left of college life. Is it possible to enter the data field? Btw, I like this video.
How long will the 365 discount last? IS it only for the holiday or is it like a affiliate/code thing?
R for production ?
The only question I got is do we need a traditional degree to get in that domain? I'm a finance grad. Idk if I'd be eligible for a masters program in data science so how do I do it? Cause I don't think employers recognise anything other than degrees.
Do you need a masters degree?? Cos it seems a lot of people are running to data science and AI masters programs
lol is the mask overlay a joke? i hope it is
Ken,i really lack from the maths side of things,what books/ressources do you recommand ?
when you realize 2022 is pronounced as "2020 too"
Thanks, Ken. I have started learning myself Data Science, fortunately, I have a programming/math background. and so far I have found the going reasonable all though it is an effort in time. My question is this is there a place for a part-time / freelance Data Scientist? I find the field extremely interesting but I doubt if that is all I want to do. Also, do you know if c++ is still used in Data Science? Kind regards
how can we deploy this as a webapp on heroku?
What should we know before we start these projects?
Hi Ken, is a data scientist a software programmer? How to improve one's programming skills if one has had limited exposure or does not feel too confident about programming?
How hard is it to get job without master's degree??
I had one question in regards with DS that is, is 2022  the best time to move into it especially since its been a "hyped" job for about past 3-4 years won't there be a high barrier to entry ?
What are your thoughts about the IBM and Google Data Science Certificates - good if you can afford it?
What happened with the editing? There is a frame mirrowed in minute 5:52. Your desk is in the other side of the room.
can you make a video about new techniques you learned this year? there arent really resources on i guess "advanced" data science
What is a good DS project involving a clothing boutique store. I live in a small town and been trying to think of good projects. It seems for a boutique regression and clustering comes to my mind.
I wonder if ken changed his mic recently, his voice is.. how do I describe it?.. more satisfying? Ken ASMR when?
What do you think about the Open Source Society University's self taught data science curriculum?
Ken, what I have found is all these online projects / learnings mostly gives 10 variables and ask to predict a 11th one. But in the real world it’s very difficult to goto that level of identifying a problem and later identifying a approach to solver a problem . Until now I have not seen any course teaching that. Your advice on this ?
Do you have a Udemy course?
Hello bro, which is more comfortable job in personal life? Data Scientist or Data Analyst or Cyber Security?
Can we say it as a biggest machine learning model failure ? Idea is definitely good. I also think that whenever a big company buy something people expect good amount which may sometimes overestimated... Also fixing old house is more trouble than building new one...
Any idea why this is happening?
If I had to choose between data science and cloud computing what should I choose ? Plz answer me
Any recommendations for Kaggle projects that focus on r ?
Are you starting again this January? :D I just got to know about this initiative and I am going to start today :D
This is so cool, thanks for that. One question though, once published if later I add a new project then do I need to generate all the files again and re-upload the whole content of the public folder, or is there a shortcut ?
Is this a private module, why does it give an error at the end?
I cant use it on Visual Studio Code and Anaconda doesnt working on my pc. How can i fix this?
Thenks for this explication, my quastion is what do you think about Coursera Courses, like Applied Data Science with Python Spécialisation ? Mercii
Could u please tell how did you change color to black of "Out"s ?
I don't know what magic WSL2 uses, but it can consume up to 5.5 gigs of RAM of my 7 avaliable (1 gig is allocated to intergated GPU as VRAM). Can you even imagine launching virtual machine which can consume 80% with 1.5 gigs remained for host system?
I'm a 1st year students majoring in CSE(Data science) I'm really confused or have no idea to choose project. I really wanna work on some project but don't know where to begin or how to do? It'd be grateful if you could help me regarding this.
Hey Ken? Just a heads up, I will be using your LinkedIn profile in a motivational YouTube video w/ basketball theme to motivate LinkedIn professionals optimize their LinkedIn profile. :)
D-did Ken cheat on Papayas with Persimmon ? I guess there's room for both of them now with WSL 2 :3
Is it possible to have GUI with wsl2?
Hi Ken, was wondering if you can do a video on how you have used Linux for data science and what are the advantages of using it over windows? Thanks and great content as always!
What I got is that try to connect your data science skills with your day to day life and try to solve problems that you are facing. In this manner you will not only build projects but will build an impact ful project.
How is great learning data science pg course for a guy from non technical background please guide sir 🙏
Hi, new subscriber here!. Im from latam. And i decided to learn data science through coursera platform. But i have a doubt, do i need a college degree to get a job as a data scientist? or is enough to have this certifications? (ibm, google, stanford, etc)
Thanks for creating this video and sharing your knowledge Ken. With reference to what you mentioned at 2:14. According to you what is just enough programming for Python before one starts looking into Data Science projects? What are the concepts of Python one must absolutely know before embarking on Data Science projects?
what's the alternative command for touch in windows?
So .. do you have (or do you know of one) similar to this one but which demos the real world way of doing business?
What does the above error mean?
Hi Ken. I'm currently studying anatomy and I'd love to do data science. What's your advice please? I've started online classes in SQL and Python already
What technology/skill should I acquire which is at boom??
Is it Salesforce?
Hi there Thank you for your video first of all.I have Statistics bachelor degree I've never work as a statistician.Im really into jumping  UX/UI design career, but since my bachelor so relevant with data scientist I'm having a little bit hard time to decide. I'm thinking to have bootcamp and have zero coding experience. I like math but also I love searching, psychology and being creative . what your suggestion would be for me ? Ux designer or data scientist ? Ux designer excites me more, but I'm having fear how hard finding a job will be.Data scientist scares me to learn and personally have low interest but I wanna find job easily and kinda don't wanna feel my bachelor degree was a waste.
I have a project for you. What happened in this play?
Just a case of using ML for the wrong reasons to reach the wrong goals. How do you take this big of a risk when the entire country is basically in an economic bubble? smh CEO was over his head.
I wanted to ask you that i want to do data science but i have done by bachelors in physics and knows lil bit about programming languages . So is this the right choice?
Is MBA in data science is different than the field  you are talking about?
There wasn't a real state expert to evaluate the model?
And I do like this type of content, can you make a video about containers prices, and it's reasons?
What everyone including companies themselves fail to understand is that when they are asking for data scientists, and ML engineers, they are really wanting to be disrupting their own business before someone else does it for them. AI and data science are just strongly associated with digital disruption. When viewed through this lens, data professionals will be needed but the work they do and technologies they use will evolve. The role of digital disruption by making use of data through whatever technology is available is what people should focus on to remain relevant.
Isn't it also the case that if they get it wrong to the seller's benefit, the transaction will happen, but not the other way around?
What came to mind was an asymmetric information model from game theory. Perhaps the seller knows more than the buyer about it's flipping potential?
Any courses u suggest in data engineering?
Great content, thanks. i just join a company as a data analyst and going through their general data bootcamp. halfway thru, there is a project and i needed to learn cloud and docker etc. i believe ML-Ops and Dev-Ops are also belonging to data engineering. Could you share more on them? Thanks
Hi Ken - can you clarify why you said that an optimal algorithm should always underestimate the price? Shouldn’t the residuals of your model be normally distributed - i.e., 50-50 underestimate-overestimate? I’m struggling to figure out how a model could always underestimate prices, since that would mean always negative residuals.
Great job, Ken. I think mistakes we're made, also one other thing to consider. There was a social media campaign against Zillow's flipping business on Tik Tok and Twitter. Do you think this could have contributed to a change in consumer behavior?
What programs would you use to be an engineer? I am currently a data analytics grad student using tableau, python, SQL and R.
Great work. I would to watch more such videos.  Could you talk about Spotify recommendation system and it’s success?
Isn't the biggest issue that the transaction dynamic here is set up in a way to maximize the impact of any mistakes in the buyers favor and minimize the impacts of mistakes in Zillows favor?  In other words, even if the Zestimate was 99% accurate in its offer prices, the incentive for a buyer to accept an "accurate" offer is much less than their incentive to accept an overpriced offer, so the impact of the 1% inaccuracy is destined to be magnified.
Did you know about the Family Guy clip before you put it in or did you find it while making this video? Either way, perfect!
Great video, Ken! As someone in the business, how did Zillow's mistake affect companies look to data science?
As you said in the section "What is the zestimate really ?"  they should have had professional opinion to get a good grip of what the house-price should be. I think the business model was to eliminate such an intermediary, so that the "negotiation" is downed.
How to succeed in a business using ML/DL as tools that compliments my other skills.  Maybe become a real-estate developer who has Data Science and ML skills and not just a General ML or DS pro.
This is a very interesting subject to cover! Can you make more videos on ML in business and what made the models successful or unsuccessful?
Hey Ken! I just thought of the perfect job for me last night. Doing something in analytics and bjj if I could find a way to get paid and do both that would be legit! Have you seen analytics and bjj together being used anywhere?
What college education would you need for these roles? Like maths?
What do you think, will Zillow be able to turn it around? Let me know in the comment section below! Thanks for watching everyone!
Link to the discord?
What about bachelors in data science?
What will decline is people's mindset to learn new things at any point and adapt through it.
How data science is different depending on the industry, for example in a fin-tech, in a software development company, games development company, car factory, civil engineering, etc? it may be the volume of data, the processes, can you make a video about this topic please?
Should we expect more videos regarding Data Engineering?  👀
Hei Ken! Any chance you can make a new video of this topic? It’s been a year and a lot has changed ! 😃
You say to work through kaggle but I'm confused, do you mean ALL of the courses on kaggle? Or just a few of the courses? How does it compare to something like datacamp?
Hey! I'm considering data science as a career, and I was curious on your input as to what the best course of action would be, specifically regarding college. Should I consider majoring in a more general field like computer science, or would it be more beneficial to major in data science?
Why do I suddenly have a craving for burnt pizza?
What are you thoughts about bsc courses in data science at top universities?
Currently planning on BS in Engineering Physics and MS in Data Science, will this set me up for success? Or should I consider other degrees to properly set me up
What about machine learning ?
Also Ken, I was wondering your thoughts on algorithm questions for Data Engineers vs. Data Scientists. Maybe a cool idea is to go over different interview questions for the different roles?
Why there is irrelevant food prep episodes? 🤣🤣🤣
When I look at a lot of analysts jobs, there's a huge skills gap in what companies want now. They're either looking for an old school Excel guy w/ 10 years experience or an entry level Hadoop/Spark genius with some Tableau.
Are you sponsored by that pizza oven company? If not, great. If so, don't you legally have to let people know?
What's with these dumb over exaggerated  expressions in your thumbnails recently?
Hi Ken, thanks for the video! I am a software developer and now learning Data Science with IBM's Coursera Professional Certificate and Practical Stats for Data Scientists' book from O'Reilly. What would you recommend to learn DS the fastest? I am ok with self teaching doing at the moment 1 course + 1 chapter of the book per week. Thanks in advance!
What's with the pizza?
What I see in the market, I most of the data scientist jobs openings require a graduate degree.
Hi Ken are you saying you recommend Data engineering than data science ?
Did I do something wrong? Should I change careers?
Nice pizza b-roll, yummy 🍕. I also think that existing data scientists will significantly benefit from a little data engineering skills, perhaps the field may eventually move towards becoming a full stack data scientist?
Hi Ken, Thank you for making great content on Data science and engineering in general. Do you have recommendation for Stocks or Options related Data science material?
Any good data engineering resources you can recommend?
What is the future of data engineering?
Hey Ken Jee, thanks for the great insights! Right now I'm working on a project that involves integrating data from multiple sources for other people to use, which is very similar to data engineering,  but my goal is to be on the data analysis side and I'm hoping that in the future projects around that will arise. With that being said do you thing that doing this kind of work will pay off in the future, or should I be doing data analysis and data science instead? P.S. I have less than 6 months experience in the field so far.
Would you consider a career in data engineering? Let me know in the comments below! Thanks for watching everyone!
Hey, do we need to install anaconda or is just spyder okay?
I am 35 years old am I too late then?
Hey Ken, your video is such a bliss as always. I am working as System Analyst aged 41 years. Can I learn Data Science at this age and start my career in it?
What advice you have for me?
hi Ken great video, i have one question i am planning to change my career and i have study gap of 10 years i am working in immigration department, so my intend is to do masters from UK in data science and i still have more then a year to apply for so i am thinking to learn basics like python and other language to see if that is my thing however what would you suggest would that be a good decision?
David Goggins: Excuse me???
How can data science die if it's always been there? Everything we do is based on the data we collect, and that will continue to happen.
@Ken Jee  what are the topics for Stats amd maths that are just enough to get started?
Whether  block chain technology kills data scientist role ?
But is it too late to become a data science YouTube influencer???
Why the hell would it die
Do you think someone going through college whose interested in data science be better off majoring in computer science or data science?
Since the field is much newer than others, how would anyone who communicates about value it or hold it in regard to any other white collar job? So when people want to move on to write about the next hot topic trend, or lack understanding of the subjects projected growth, its just easier to say it is dying.
Is death dying ?
I couldn't help but notice the b-roll of fruit, coconuts, woodroses, and banana trees, are you in Hawai'i?
What should we do when finding conflicts between packages version in anaconda-venv?
I think companies are realizing they need data engineers more than data scientists. I see 4 data engineers for every 1 data scientists. I also see a lot of overlap between data scientists and analysts, yet one gets paid significantly more for having a fancy title, but can’t write basic sql lol. Why not just have ML Engineer, Software Engineer, and Analyst all under Data Operations or Data Analytics and Engineering? The need for all these titles are annoying and unnecessary.
Can someone please help understand the below error I am getting,
Historian to data analyst transition possible?
I have a question and it is In case we are new in data science and do not have work experience in data science, what is your recommendation to get into a data science job?
Can we create a data science project that connects the different patterns of star system to know if they are constellations or not?
Can anyone help me in getting data scientist or analyst or business analyst job anywhere in the world? I know my age maybe a negative point but then I have vast experience of working in different business area.
When I was 12 years old, I wanted to learn HTML and JavaScript to build my own website that had guitars and penguins on it.
Will data science grow or will companies adapt to what's available in the software and labor market when the hype dies?  Or will they just keep throwing money into the unknown?
Thanks Ken ! I am finishing my last year in Industrial Engineering and your videos motivated me to try learning DS as a side hustle. To be honest with you, it seems really overwhelming at first because the field is gigantic and i am trying to keep the pace with my Uni studies and my part time job... all of this at the same time... Currently i am using Dataquest to learn the basics (Python, Matplotlib, Pandas, Numpy, SQL, etc.). but sometimes the motivation hits all time low even though i am in love with this new domain. Do you have some quick and effectif tips with this issue ? Thanks Again.
Hey Ken, love your stuff, what advice would you have for someone who’s soon to be graduated with a masters in data science who now only sees anxiety inducing videos like this? 😬 what skills could someone like me look to add that are less likely to become automated or phased out?
Hey Ken, thank you for your insights! Btw, I'm seeing Blockchain developer jobs are on the rise and Blockchain maybe the next big thing. Do you agree? Is there an intersection between the two kinds of jobs (BC and DS) or are they mutually exclusive?
Any suggestions for this path? How does one balance graduate school with learning a new skill? The PhD route takes up so much time, how does one learn programming to slightly change projectory within their first year of grad school (to be of interest to comp bio/phys PIs but also so that one has enough experience so that they're not embarrassed or feel like they're holding the research back)?
MBA or data science which is best???
When are we not in ANYTHING for the money?
“It takes years…” no $h!t Sherlock. How many years? Dudes just do videos to act cute.
I am also trying to switch career to data science field. Just had one question. How much programming is required?? Are data structures like trees and their algorithms also important?
Hi, Amazing videos you have! One question for you and for everyone. I actually work for the militaries and I don't have a degree, but I want to change careers. Would it be possible for me to get a job in an entry level position as a data analyst after finishing the IBM data analyst certificate??
Can anyone help me in getting data scientist or analyst or business analyst job anywhere in the world? I know my age maybe a negative point but then I have vast experience of working in different business area.
Hey Ken, just came across this video and I’m super interested in this career. I am currently a MIS major (Management Information Systems) which is basically a split major between computer science and business at my college. What’s your thoughts on getting this type of job with my major? I understand data analysis is big within this field and I’d assume sports analytics also, but want to see your thoughts. Thanks!
Have you read How Not to Die? That's the book that has had the most profound impact on my life.
What all books are you guys reading currently?
Hi Ken, are there any books on the topic that you found useless despite being often recommended?
1. How will you measure your life? By Clayton Christiansen
I'm Blaise one of your follower in youtube. All your Video are so many helpfull. My company facing now with inventory problem. I'm wondering if I can implement Object detection tracking/ counting to Increase the speed and the Accuracy of Inventory?  Could you give some advise about?
Hi Ken. I am a undergrad student and I am deeply interested in Data science. In final year, should I do thesis or do project on data science?
how to start? where to start a podcast?
Why you talk about only negative things please upload positive side of data sceientist
Hi, Thanks for your amazing video and tips. I am currently working as HR Professional. I have plans to move to different country and start my career all over as data scientist. After working for 7 years in HR, i feel this as a big change for me to start over. Do you think i would be able to learn it in time?
I have a scholarship that will fund most of an MSBA, but they use R for the whole program and no Python. I’d prefer Python, but do you think there’s any value in learning R first? I have no programming background
physics...? really? interesting
When are you planning to invite "Papaya" as a podcast guest 😁😁😁
Hey I stumbled across your channel and been enjoying the content. I really want to do a intermediate data analytics project (ideally with SQL, Python tableau etc) but struggle for good ideas, I don’t want to just do a basic get csv data set and analysis but want to do bit more in depth and challenging, do you have any ideas? Thank you
What are some examples of projects
Agreed 100%, I also feel that it helps me to understand myself better as well. Do you think it’s possible for the next guest on Ken’s Nearest Neighbors to be Ken Jee? Ken interviews Ken, would be an awesome episode :)
What are your thoughts on live podcasting? I'm curious how much editing you're currently doing...
I really like your podcast ! I was wondering how much time does it take doing research on the guest ? Or maybe as time goes by you don't need to prepare as much as before ?
You make a good case that podcasting can bring you lots of benefits. Similar to blogging. But also similar to blogging for personal gain, is this something we want to be promoting? Shouldn't we only create content that we think might be valuable to others?
Hello, first thank you for the quality of the video, then I wanted to have your opinion please on a career path, I’m currently working as IT project manager but I’m taking one of 365datascience course for learning data science, and I want to pursue in this field, can I balance between the two correctly ? What’s the rythm you’re advising please ?
thanks ken jee for informative videos..i have a concerning question regarding  choosing Data Science as non-tech background. with growing data science students would u think it will be still in demand in next 2-3 yrs or so, like if we start on this path it would take 2-3 yrs and by that time it might be outdated or there will be abundance of Data scientist? How about Videos on Data scientist as a freelancer. thanks again.
When did you find out you really like data science? I assume you took some general CS classes and they teach you about technicality of what you do as a data scientist? But correct me if I am wrong. I want to know if I would like data science or not but I am not sure how I can do that. I would really appreciate it a lot if you could help me.
basic statistics is enough? I'm doing a masters in engineering and I felt like I didn't know enough stats.  Good to know it doesn't go to deep in the real world.
Can I do a master in data science without a relevant bachelor degree?
Interested in knowing more?
Can you please tell me the sequence of learning Data science..
Can we use this api with R?
Which keyboard and mouse are you using?
Great advice, thanks for that video. Does, based on your experience, CV formatting plays a role? I saw a couple of CVs for people who work some years now as Data Scientists/Engineers and their CVs had almost identical formats, i.e., visual-based CVs. Are those better for passing the Application Tracking Systems?
Great and concise video Ken on MLop! Is that a Papaya T-shirt? At first thought the black circles were scattered data points but the hint at 5:36 suggested they’re black seeds of the Papaya?
Hi I just found your channel and subscribed. I'm working in banking industry now, and interested in developing my career where I can do something with data. I got my degree in accounting and finance and have no experience in programming or technology. Do you think going back to school to learn skills to become a data scientist or taking online courses would do?
After the installation of anaconda there is no prompt and navigator. And I can’t find a solution. Do you have maybe a solution for my problem?
Hey I'm 24 years old is it too late to become a data science? I'm currently enrolled in a new AI program located at a community College its going good so far but I feel so far behind in  the process.
Great video, Ken! Does only big companies have ML Ops department/team?
Loving the increased production quality in your videos lately! I've always been a bit unsure what ML Ops means but your explanation makes sense. Curious to know if you're trying to implement it yourself?
I am scared of Docker :3 Should probably work more on it starting in this area. Also does this mean that pineapple is your second favourite fruit haha ?
@Ken! This video tells me that you really REALLY like cooking =) Who would go through this for a data science video without love for food and cooking?! Great analogies! I want to add one more to your analogies if I may... Good quality food = Good quality data. Often times neglected, but makes the most impact =) Also, here is a riddle for all foodies and people who loves to cook. I came up with this after many years of cooking and baking. Here it is: What is in every recipe that you doesn't have a taste? The answer also makes sense from the data science perspective =)
Ken I have a really important question. Are Data Structures and Algorithms important for Machine Learning?
I didnt understand the part where we are making a request. For example if I am an end user, all I will be interested in is the salary for my position. So how would I be able to request that?
How to talk to different people? If someone is good in this skill things can get more easier. I think, Communication is an art as it's the first step... I myself find how can I make more improvements to my communication skills while working in industry.
With that said, I am wondering if there is a video about different "data" related roles. I am looking for internships. There are different roles, such as data engineer, data scientist, data analyst, machine learning engineer, AI engineer, etc... I have a broad idea how they differentiate, but I would like to learn more about these roles and their requirements. I quickly skimmed your videos, Ken, but couldn't find a video about it. I mean a video including all these roles, not just comparing data analyst and data scientist. If there is one, can you point me it? If not, it would be great to see a video about that.
What’re your thoughts on the performance analytics Vs sports analytics? What’s the career path for each?
Can you make a video on writing "Statement of Purpose" for a masters degree in Data Science?
Is it okay if I include other projects that aren't related to Data Science, like IOT based projects or software engineering projects ?
Hey Ken! I am copying this project to understand the process. I am confused about the explanation you give on using all_data vs training & test data separately. Can you explain why training and test sets should be processed separately by giving a bit more background? Thanks!
When i newly joined a company and i have to understand the working of sql structure if the company and find insights from report was hard becuase i was not aware of deep level of understanding of how exactly the company internally works and then my manager included me in his meetings and from there i started talking other department co worker about thier job and contribution which helped me a lot in my job💯.and Looking Fancy Ken , we are rooting for ken with suit in further video haha😆.
How do I know that my knowledge is enough for grab some projects?
I’m interested in data science but I work in healthcare currently, would I have to go back to school?
Does anyone know what could I do to display the whole dataframe outside Sublime Text to explore it?
Hey man, really appreciate your videos. I've been following you around for awhile and your videos helped me alot. I am a fresh graduate who recently obtain a data analyst job with DXC. Just wonder if this is the right path to become a data scientist? And any suggestions on the career path would be greatly appreciated. Thanks in advance!
Thanks Ken, any prerequisite basic knowledge that is required to start digesting these projects and trying them out?
I’ve always learned new technical stuff specifically in on-job learning format far better than classroom setup. Want to start learning ML, should I start with these projects without any other prerequisites?
Hi Ken, is there any lead I could follow to get into European Football analytics? (Premier League, Serie A, La Liga, Bundesliga, etc)
Should I remove all outliers? When is the best time (or stage) to remove them?  During data cleaning or after building the very first model for inference?
What about pycharm?
Man, I missed this, but how great it is to see Ken and Josh in the same video =) Also, Ken, is there a video about top data science events? As a newbie, I would like to attend some of those to improve my network.
Sir is udemy a good platform for learning data science... I just finished the data science course... There.. So slowly should I start doing real life projects?
This might be a dumb question. But what does all the math help with in data science? Also I hear a lot of reading papers or professional documentation that requires math or something?  Im a bit confused
Thanks for the tutorial - super useful!  Is it possible to use the Twitterscapper module to "pull" tweets by their tweet ID?
my rant: I think more important ones are matchups - eg one team can win all games all the time vs another team but loose every game to other teams + home court advantage - think betting odds already do this already? and they have a big team of coders/ prob analyst I'm guessing.
What's with these dumb clickbait titles? Disliked
Would marketing also be a good undergrad study prior to a master? As you could have the marketing skills, and match it with Data Analytics/Science for a company
Hey Ken, I've been enjoying your videos! Great channel you have by the way. I'm currently a junior in college, pursuing a degree in mathematics and I have a interest in the data science field. I've taken a couple of programming classes like intro to computer science and predicative analytics and I still plan to learn more on my own free time. Will employers still prefer a computer science major over a math major? What are your thoughts?
🤔"If you knew then what you know now" (or even recreate the same project now) could you do a better job or is predicting the judging on a match just a 50% success? Also, did your model take into consideration the judges themselves as (in)consistent variables?
Everyone's first attempts at something don't look good as subsequent efforts, particularly after years of experience. Do you apply how you've "failed" (even today) to improving your skills or possibly utilize the failure data as part of your model(s)?
Is most code for almost all projects just copied from one source or another, and we just change the parameter values  ,like epochs, or batch_size? Or is there something else, regarding making projects?
Do you have any advice for the pre-planning phase of research? I feel more comfortable in my coding than I do in project management but in this case, it's all part of the same project.
Random Q: isnt there a UI (end user stuff) for getting arranging statistics/data instead of doing the hard coding??? (Im guessing all data is in DB SQL like formats so you cant use end user style tools?).
If you want some more project advice, check out my project beginners playlist! https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2zq7klxX5ASt4dLSAd2FMoY3Og3V0jZv
I'm new to panda, what does "axis = 1" do, again? Many thanks!
Hi Ken, is data science suitable for introverts?
What I will advice to starter is that If you are okay to tackle different kind of challenges and have continuous learning mindset then you are good do go. As data science is a fast evolving and full of challenges field.
Heyy currently looking around for options but can you tell me do you think doing data science post graduation degree program will bring a boost in my career?
Hi Ken! I have a degree in biochemistry but currently working in BPO industry. I’m thinking of doing MSc in Data Science and Analytics part time. What do you think? :)
Thanks for the video. I’m curious, do you see any benefit to getting an MBA and an MS in DS? I have a scholarship that will pay for most of both, but I’m also 35 and hesitant to go back to school for that long. If so, would you suggest one before the other? If not, could I still break in to some of the more technical roles with an MBA?
Would it be easy to me to get a job in DS without academic learning just self learning?
Hi guys, silly question... I have a masters degree in Eng, and I have been studying Data Science for a couple of months, and I have a working knowledge of Python... I wanted to move towards a DS career, but I am not sure how long should I study for before I can start to apply for DS jobs, any oppinions?
Hi can I know which design Under Armour shirt you're on? It looks really nice !
Hey, this was helpful, I am looking for big data to process and analyze thru Hadoop and python. Do you have any resources ?
Hello, I am in my junior year of a data science degree but I have not had any projects. The internship application period has just started but the only experience I have to show is what I have done for school work. Some queries, some R, tableau and excel. Should I include these to showcase my skills even if they aren't necessarily projects?
I completed my masters 2 years back and I didn't work after that.. is it good to choose data science as a beginner without experience and a gap?
Will I get a job after doing some courses?
What if you have a strong dislike for math?
Thank you so much for your content, it is super helpful! Would you say the educational barrier in this field is something that matters long-term? I completed an MA program in Social Sciences and I am continuing to improve my technical skills but I'm scared of not being taken seriously because I don't have a STEM degree.
can u help me by tell me what is the most important model/topic in machine learning do I have to learn for data science ?
Hi Ken, any reason for calling fit() method twice on rf? I mean best_estimator is used already. It is not the case with xgb..
Quick question : what tech or languages do I need to learn to be a data scientist?
How to copy multipage code:    ( BTW yours videos are awesome .. like real crispy and to the point )
I like the visualization video i think i have already commented about it but i had a question what is most used s visual libraries  which has better visualization option?
i have been using matplotlib and seaborn for a while but i know i have to go with trend of plotly so do you think plotly something worth learning when you already know matplotlib and seaborn?
I'm just beginning with Data Science. I 'don't understand, why you transform "norm_Fare" to a Dummy-Variable with 0/1?
I just started my career in data governance. Whats the best resource  to start my 66 days of data challenge??
Great video! Do you perhaps know whether should beginner in ML have good knowledge of statistics to even start learning it, and advanced knowledge of calculus and linear algebra?
Ken Jee? how old were you when you first started the data science?
I work at a market research firm as an analytics client manager. I create many deliverables from our proprietary research/data, but I don’t know if I can share those publicly given NDAs. I’m not looking to leave at the moment, but for the future, do you have any thoughts on how to showcase my work? I guess I could maybe scrub the data, but I’m not sure how effective the story would come across at that point.
A very first day of learning and I am land to this video is it worth if I cross educate myself?
Hi Ken! Can u post the link to the push-up counting project? I would like to learn more abt that! Thank  in advance :)
Does anyone knows how I can fix this: attributeerror: 'nonetype' object has no attribute 'find_all'? I can't find a viable solution to fix this so far!
is it too late for starting DS at the age of 28 ?
is it too late to start DS at the age of 28 ?
Sir I'm doing just like you in the command data.type but it returns me a error saying: AttributeError: 'DataFrame' object has no attribute 'type'. Could you please explain why this happen? Thank you in advance.
from twitterscraper import query_tweets is resulting in an error for me  (AttributeError: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'find_all'). Can anyone help?
Does data scientist need to have Sql skills or it comes under the vicinity of data analyst job?
thanks for this video Ken. What do you think are the advantages of Conda against say pipenv? I see conda used a lot, but I'm trying to understand if it makes sense for me to shift
Hi Ken, can you tell me what is the small white white marker board made of that you use to sketch ideas? (E.g. at 11:10) Or how do you call it? I would like to get something like this to write out my thoughts, plans, todos.
Is that a RRD windsurf board in your garden? 🤩
Do you have a video on how to prepare for a master in CS? My background is in chemistry so I’ve never taken any CS classes.
ken i have completed intro and intermediate  of ml can i start with a project now?
Thank you for this video! I would love your have your insight in something. I’ve got accepted in a M.Sc in international information systems program, and M.Sc in data science. But I don’t know which one has more opportunities future-wise or if they are similar. Which one would you recommend given its future prospects? Thank you!
Hey guys, I am starting my journey in Data Science and like to connect with other people. My plan is to make a certified Course in Data Science with exercises for the portfolio. Anyone here likes to join that journey to share experiences and discuss some interesting topics? I am really happy for every joining guy :)
Hey Ken awesome stuff, really enjoying this API! New to Python so apologies if this is a bad question. Trying to use the "SeasonAll.all" feature you used, but it is not working for me. I assume that is because you defined or created that earlier. Any suggestions on how to do that?
Bro which is good? bachelors in data science and analytics or bachelors in computer science or BTech computer science with data science
I work in the medical field, I graduated as a Medical Doctor in my country of origin,  but don’t practice since I moved to the US. I’m looking to integrate my medical knowledge into informatics, analytics, data, software tools, digital health, health information technology, data analysis, etc.  How can I achieve this? Is there a shortcut? Trying to direct my career path to the digital world but without having to go back to school for another 5 years 😂
I have a degree in Health Informatics is studying data analytics would be helpful for me?
Could you please clarify  if It's required to study data science to become business analyst? Thx you for your help in advance.
Can someone help me with installing the chrome driver?
What are prospects of Data Science as a second career, I mean is age a constraint to get a break in this field?
can anyone help me please suppose i want to plot in "which state we have max salary"  how can we do so ?
@Ken Jee could plz tell how much time does it take to create a project?
as i am in the process of learning ml and data sciene so it would best to know about ??
Hey Ken! Any suggestions regarding a course related to API or data engineering stuff? Thank you!
So data science is only a minor in my university. Should I major in math or comp sci. If I can't get a new grad job as a data scientist wouldn't a comp sci major be a safe option?
Anyone faced this error???
What i learn for data science Ai or machine learning??
How much a sports data analyst can earn?
am gd at math....but not at PHY and chem .... my university gave me an option to choose between information technology and data science...which one will be better for me to choose among them?
I'm in 10th std living in India but I want to go for Data science after 12th std in United States what can I do for it 🙏🙏??
what are some sources to learn stats and algorithims?
I guess the question is does the file have to feature 1000 entries? I think working with a smaller data pool might prevent the random error. Will something like 500 or even 250 work?
Hey everyone. Anyone know of any worthwhile data science/analytics certifications worth pursuing?
Has anyone looked at the MS in Data Science from Eastern University? I was looking into it but I'm not sure about its quality. Any feedback is appreciated.
Sir my qestion is can i become data scientist without any degree?
Hey Ken, nice video! I have a quick question, do you happen to work alot with data structures (Ex. linked list, pointers, trees) within the data science field? I struggled alot to understand these concepts and it was especially hard since everything was online :(
can all of your data science vidoes and tips be applied to data analytics?
What’s more important for data science …. Computational and applied math or math statistics?
how often  do data scientists use object oriented programming in their work?
"Data Vis" or "Data Viz"? I'd like to think the cool kids like to add a 'z' to the end 😳🤣😉
Data Visualization is an art and a science in itself! And well, who says no to looking at some beautiful drawings and pictures?
"A graph is worth a thousand tables" even if the tables are stored in a graph database? 😜
As a product person who loves data and data visualizations I love your video. Maybe one question, how do you work with your data scientist if repeatedly asking for easy to understand dashboards and typically we get dashboards that take minutes to interpret each graph and explain repeatedly? I know product people can be cryptic as well 🤣 love your vids Ken!
Would this be a correct analogy?
May i ask you something; i know it is a little bit silly but what do you exactly mean when you say :  built your own portfolio? Thanks!
How to use data science to compile a search engine for just resolving error messages lol. Seriously, from TVs to routers to IDEs to vehicles, one glorious site for error messages/codes would be AMAZING.
what do you think about datacamp?
Can you make a video on what college courses I should take in order to get into data science
Could someone help me with this issue?
Thank you so much for this series! I am planning on transitioning to data science and I'm new to its programming aspects. How did you know what to do at 15:29? I figured that was HTML code. Do I need to learn HTML to be able to spot and fix those errors? Thanks again Ken!
Thanks for sharing. From start to finish to this video, how many hours did you work on? I just want to benchmark myself accordingly.
Okay this probably is dumb question but what is the song playing in the intro? :D I might have heard it somewhere.
Hey Ken. I like the Excel spreadsheet you had up there for time management/tracking. Do you have a link to view it on Google sheets or something like that?
Where is Tina from if not from us?
Iam poor at mathematics, will data science be right for me?
Im doing data analytics at university, but I just hate the structure and stress of school, is it genuinely fine to learn data science by myself or should I stick to it?
Hi Ken Jee, Thanks for sharing so much great info from a personal perspective. I just subscribed to your newsletter but can't leave a comment below a video. Why? Set that way, problem my end, or problem with set-up. So, for your video, A Quick Data Science Project Tip #shorts, I will comment here. Rather than try to make the Iris data set interesting with a good story (same for the Titanic one), why not just choose a more interesting dataset? Kaggle has ones on wine, California wildfires, Covid vaccines, the covid-19 virus, Olympic medals, and so many more. My tip is to take the time to find a compelling dataset for your class assignments / projects. It's better than trying to make up a great use for that boring  iris file. (I did look up "sepal" though and learned a lot from class examples.)
I have started exploring on kaggle. The countless different ways people solve their problems can be so overwhelming. It's like an endless ocean. Any tips on how to overcome this?
Hi Ken. Do you know a place to learn basketball analytics? Thanks!!
Are there any dominant algorithm(s) that are used in specific sports?  Right now I am doing a project on nba stats and salary using linear regression and K-means algorithms, but are there any algorithms that have been proven more useful for sports?
so helpful and informative, your video. so i do get bored at learning before applying, instead i prefer learning on the go. with said, how do i find data science project to learn from if you may guide me? thank you
Hi Ken, I majored in data analytics for my undergrad and have some work experience as a data analyst as well as a junior data scientist. I'd like to transition into the data science side of things and I was actually admitted into a masters program at the university where I completed my undergrad. The cost of tuition however is far too high for me to afford would a bootcamp be the next best choice because of my background?
Please can you guide me on how to fix this?
Any possible combination for being a data analyst  after doing ACCA ?? Please reply.
Do you think achieving your PCPP certification is an efficient idea in getting a job or what do you think are the best certifications for becoming a data scientist?
Hi! I'm looking for a course about basketball analytics, anyone knows one?
Is everyone still can use this module today? because my code returning 0 tweets.
How can boost my skills with out internship ?
As a sophmore in college im majoring in stats and want to pursue the moneyball side of business. what would u recomend for a minor?
Do you think that being a Data Analyst is a good starting point to become a Data Scientist later? I'm asking because I'm able to get my very first IT job as a Data Analyst but I want to be a Data Scientist in the future.
When I first heard the inflation bit I was rofl :3
Which is better data science or artificial intelligence IAM ver much confusied...
1. I am currently approaching my third and final year in computer science and as soon as I finish I want to begin a master's program in data science by fall 2022, so when is the most appropriate time to start searching and applying for a program? [I have a feeling that I am late but I don't know where to start!]
2. How do I differentiate between the programs and choose the best available one?
Just curious about something, where do you learn best? At home most of the time, or would you go to a cafe/ library occasionally ?
*gets a text message from the manager at 11:00pm* "can you please check your email real quick?" Classic one lol
Wait, what? No random CSV sent without column headers and no context?!
Sir want your guidance. I just passed my high school. Can i apply for data scientist or data analytics through online courses or should I have degree.????????plz ans   what should i do next???
Sir want your guidance. I just passed my high school. Can i apply for data scientist or data analytics through online courses or should I have degree.????????plz ans
This would be considered a regression problem, yes? Since I am attempting to predict performance based on consistent behavior. What programs would be considered ideal to collect this type of data for my analysis?
What a journey ☺️
Are you David gogggins of data science?? stay hard!!!
But how do I learn how to meta-learn?
When I was starting my Ph.D. in Computational Biology, I discovered Data Science. Now I'm slowly changing my focus to it.
"Don't compare your results to others if you can't study their process". Thanks Ken, Amazing video! Can you share your reading list about learning?
How does one become a quick learner or how do you know if you are?
I'm still trying to find my own path, do you think data science is a good option or should I opt for something else?
"Mom can we have Eren Yeager?"
Thanks for watching everyone! Also, thanks to Udemy for supporting this channel. I have worked with them to create a special page for the #66DaysOfData. Check it out here: https://click.linksynergy.com/fs-bin/click?id=OXAy7KE1wsg&offerid=624447.17226&type=3&subid=0
I am very interested in starting a new career in Data Science in Healthcare and was planning to start my learning journey with 365Data Science, Kaggle, or Dataquest. I have a couple of questions: (i) I have a Healthcare business background and was wondering as to which of the three learning platforms mentioned above would be most suitable for me? (ii) You mentioned a set of projects that every person should complete. However,  which are the projects I should work on in Healthcare to make myself more marketable and where and how can I access these projects?
I am very interested in starting a new career in Data Science in Healthcare and was planning to start my learning journey with 365Data Science, Kaggle, or Dataquest. I have a couple of questions: (i) I have a Healthcare business background and was wondering as to which of the three learning platforms mentioned above would be most suitable for me? (ii) You mentioned a set of projects that every person should complete. However,  which are the projects I should work on in Healthcare to make myself more marketable and where and how can I access these projects?
Any advice for someone wanting to work for a bookmaker? How to price up a sports book? I've started learning about Monte Carol simulation but I feel like i need more sportsbook modling examples
B.tech in cse data science or btech in ai ml which has better scope and diversity?
Hi Ken ! I ' ve graduated from Communication and Media Studies. I have some basic practical skills in programming with Python. In your opinion what should I choose? A Bootcamp or a master?
hey ken from where can i download these resumes ?
can You provide Us the code that you use in the end ? that gives image representation of all the words??
What should I choose between B.tech Cse with specialization in ai/ml engineering and B.tech Cse with specialization in data science?
What should I choose between B.tech Cse with specialization in ai/ml engineering and B.tech Cse with specialization in data science?
Hey Ken, thanks for the video. I tried this, but I couldn't gather any tweets returns only empty dataframe but no error. Can you suggest any solution?
What's the song playing in background?
Hi Ken Jee, thanks a lot for the video! Can you please share on Feature Engineering on Cabin? What does the number 0-4 indicates? I don't get that part. Thank you!!
Hi, ken. do you recommend m1 MacBook for ml and deep learning?
Hi, can I use open source code (it doesn't have a license) in my app which I plan to make commercially available? Thanks
Hey could you help me out?
I actually wanna do sports management like into Sports Data Analysis so, I am from India do i got a doubt should I go in sports management directly after my 12th boards (ik the grades are different between indian and your country so please try to understand)  or should I do bms then mba in data analysis and then go to Germany for sports management?
Amazing job ken thanks for sharing. Beatiful serie keep it up! Will you make any other serie like that??
Hello, I am on Mac using Python 7.22, since this video was made, I am sure there are some changes to the code. I am getting 'str' object has no attribute 'click' as an error on most of the lines ending in .click(). Does anyone have a solution for this? I am fairly new to this and really want to get through the project but have been stuck here for days.
So, Can we say that sometimes algorithms produce their own pattern or results which maybe be completely different from what we are expecting?
How interesting ! I can see how the algorithm would prevent a succession of songs by the same person. Although personally I have a personal playlist that I occasionally edit.
Hi, thank you for this great advice! I really wanted to become a data scientist but now I've been considering that choice for a while.. Is it possible for me to take a master degree in data science after a bachelor degree in actuarial science?
How Project description can be written.
Sir if i have 4-5 years of experience as business analyst, can i become a data scientist?
Is the whole series of kaggle learn sufficient to start competition at Kaggle?
which IDE did you used in the Data science project from scratch video?
what is the best degree to be a data scientist
Where's the Jeff shirtless cameo?!
What IDE is he using?
Hey Ken I’ve just finished my bsc in international business and would be starting my masters in data science in a few months. I don’t have much of a quantitative background and was wondering if I would find the masters difficult?
Do you think its worth doing Msc Data Science for me? I have 4.5 yrs of exp in Data Analytics, good at Python, have little experience on deep learning and nlp. Would a masters in data science be of any use?
As a newstarter: Kaggle.com and jump straight into tutorials and projects, or 360 Data Science and go through a structured course? Be honest
Hello Ken, thank you for a really insightful video. You got a sub. I am doing my PhD in Chemistry and would graduate next year. Do you have any tips and starting point for me?
Is LaTex commonly used to write up a data science paper? If not, what software do practicing data scientists use? MS Word?
I will be graduating in December (Ph.D. Chemistry). I am interested in getting into Data Science. Have you got any good starting point and tips for me? I got a bit worried watching your video there 😅
Do you have any bootcamp recommendations?
Is it possible to add new things to the website after publishing?
5:45 what does she say here? I can't understand the accent
You mean that API does not stand for Automatic Pizza Ingredients? 😔
Great tips ken but I have a really dumb question xD. Suppose I have a great project idea (lets say agriculture related), but now from where will I get the dataset?
Great video! But completely unrelated, at my college I have a choice to get either a BA or BS in data science. Do you think employers care if I have one or the other? I’ve been looking around online, but I feel like someone who is actually in the field would have the best idea.
Why should I become one or want to? I'm a physicist and see "data science" from a -- .... correct perspective. Thank you.
That said, what's the deal with papayas 😏?
And could you consider a walkthrough of creating an API from a data science model as one of your future YouTube videos? Please consider adding it to your (probably already huge) backlog / list 😅
One suggestion / request: would it be possible to replace LONG URLs with tiny URLs?
1. How will Automation affect IT jobs?
2. Where do you see data science after next 10 years?
Can you make a  video of #shorts about statistics concepts.
•How to use an API?
•How to make API?
can you add subtitle for this video?
Maybe a dedicated video on freelancing as a data scientist?
Is there a tree of some sort that outlines the branches of learning you should take for a data science job?
As people (aspiring and/or working) in the Data Profession, it's probably up to us to use the algorithm more efficiently 😏, but who can say the same for others?
Great!!! Now I want pizza.  But . . . . . . which is best, pepperoni or Hawaiian?
Which curved monitor do you use?
Is it possible to become a remote sports analyst without a degree?
hi ken, thank you for your all useful videos, honesty you should teach too, got a question for you, I'm 39 and taking my data science certification now and planning to get to data science bootcamp, would love to know what do you think? is that a good idea to take bootcamp right after my certification?
is there a age average or age gap to enter into the Data Science field?
Hey great video, very informative...I have a question for you. What would you say to someone looking to get a bachelor's in data science? I'm in my 30's with no degree, my local university (UCCS in Colorado springs) has a bachelors program in data science, and honestly I feel like it would a lot of sense for me to take that route. I, like you mentioned about yourself, need structure around the learning/schedule of it all for me to succeed. Knowing most positions in data science require(or greatly prefer) a masters/PhD, I think a bachelor's degree in the field would be a great place to start, right? I'd be curious to hear opinions/thoughts on this. Was bachelor's just not included in this comparison because it's not as commonly offered? Thanks :)
What a naive view of the world... of course they are listening... that's not even a question anymore.
stop lying - you're clearly talking to Jeff (I'm pretty sure that's Jeff right?) about how you really wan to buy more papayas and Jeff telling you that you have a problem <3
Salary, jobs, difficulty, time constraint?
I'm very new to this but noticed you mentioned R for sports which is relevant to my interests. Is this for things like advanced analytics teams use or gambling models? Thanks for the video!
What about Ultrasonic Cross-Device Tracking?
What are some of the companies you have found that have a good data culture?
Hi Ken, how do you go about asking the right questions and formulating good problems to solve when you come across a new domain? Would love to know your process
Does 365 Data Science have project?
Why are there Papayas every where. I have never heard of Easter Papayas.
I'm 30 Years old, what is your honest opinion me to become an Data scientist.?
Could you enlighten me on this subject, would 4 years be enough to  get a job afterwards.
Great video, Have you seen the social dilemma documentary?
Now some of you might think, oh it's just that they used the "friend" algorithm and figured they would send you ads in french.  Except that I live in Thailand, and I don't get ads in Thai....why?  Because I don't speak any Thai and never have, despite obvious amounts of Thai being spoken around me, I never speak it so it has never picked up my voice speaking Thai.
does Siri still listen in constantly? but only for "hey Siri"?
Why am I watching this and what the fook is data science xD
Thanks for watching everyone! If you enjoyed this one, you might also like my video on how the youtube algorithm works (from a data science perspective): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbTMIxjk4hI&ab_channel=KenJee
I have a question. in the preprocessing stage you use test set along with training set and you said you do it because in this case we want to know about the test set, but I don't know why. aren't we supposed to predict the output of test set? why do we need to have some information about it in our prediction model then? isn't data leakage happening here?
I am a web developer with 2 year work experience in korea. I plan to move to us after getting married with my boyfriend(us citizen) and work as a data scientist. Im worried with my english. My english might be ok to handle daily bussiness/situations . I first thought that technical skills might be the most crucial to data scientists. But I recently got to know that consulting is a part of data scientists' work. To me, consulting is considered as an area which requires high level english skills. How important enlgish skills do you think to data scientists?!
Hi Ken! I just graduated high school and looking forward for a career in ds. Is it enough to do a bachelors in data science (without further studying masters) or doing bachelors in CSE with a specialisation in Big Data Analytics to land a data scientists job?
Im in a weird situation where the stuff im doing at uni is mainly in a team project or it can't be shown as it may be the answer to a potential future assignment (although I probably could just show it anyway). I dont have time between now and when I get an internship to do extra DS projects. How do I show off my skills if its part of a team project and some of the projects I've done at uni aren't very good? (We use bitbucket at university)
The contents in the video is great but unfortunately the title of it is aimless and frustrating. You know that if anyone who just decide to become a data scientist and in the beginning of their way and see the title of it then enter like i did, you made the subject very difficult on them like " what all of these challenges i will take.. it is a long way ... No no I can't continue i am gonna give up" just because this video??? Why don't you encourage all people to work in this field encourage, motivate them?? , but in fact it is not difficult, it just needs to work hard...
You're already making videos related to data science, but why would you put someone down when they've found a dream and want make it comes true?? And also make him worry that he might back off and you prove that belief in his head? Also at the beginning of the video you talk about this as if it is impossible for normal people to do
So you're not able to say which one is better for a portfolio, but which of Kaggle vs GitHub do you really use more on a day-to-day basis?
Hi Ken. How would you compare business analytics and data science? Do you think I should go back to get a masters in BA if I have a business degree but not the technical field?
Hi Ken, recently started watching your videos. Very interesting and helpful content. I am a 31 year old who is going for his Masters Degree in Design to the US in a couple of months. I have an engineering background but I have mostly worked in the social sector and storytelling space. I am interested in Data Science because of the strong career possibilities but also the problem solving abilities. I also believe that as someone in the art and design space with command over Data Science principles I will be able to do more. Out of all these what would you suggest I undertake? My Masters program is 2 years long and while it will be rigorous I think I will be able to make time to study Data Science.
So how long it took you to learn data science from scratch?
How to learn practically for example applying the theories in practical real life examples? Thanks
Hey Ken, great video! How hard is it to break into sports analytics compared to other fields? And would getting a job in sports analytics close doors to working as data scientist in other industries?
Hi! Would you mind sharing how you got into data science? As in what was your path to this career and what you suggest for someone still deciding where to go to college.
Hi Ken, thanks for your detailed insights on what to expect. I'm looking into a Bootcamp but have little to no experience in the field. Should you recommend that I still do it?
Betting on all of your papayas? Damn
Can you send me over a pizza 🙂
Fun fact: Hey Domino's, Can you sponsor this video?😁
How many pizza have you baked for this video? 👀😁
Do you recommend I complete the book and practice with projects ASAP, or invest more time in stats 101 etc?
Hey wait, sas that about Kaggle/Github or cooking? ;)
do all these points apply to Machine learning as well ?
Hey! Wanted to know if there are such jobs for boxing or ufc?
Hey ken really loved your video. I am currently going to the states this fall and wanting to land a job in sports data science. Do you believe it is mandatory to join grad school if i lack of my resume to get a job right away? Please let me know. Thank you
Where do I even start lol
why am I watching this, I'm an English major lmao
1) what should i learn first to join sport analytics industry? Sql? Python?
2) i am interested in Volleyball. Does volleyball familiar with sport analyst? (i dont know if this question is right😅)
3) does sport analyst earn a lot?
how much information in this video. which is really helpful for me to become a good data scientist. thank you so much
Between IBM Data Science on Coursera and 365 Data Science, which should I take for Data Science? Please I'm confused
what are the best skills required for ds?
Hey ken I have a question I’ve spoken to you before , back when I was getting started with the google data analytics certificate I’m done with the program now and I noticed they didn’t teach us how to create models and test sets and stuff … what would you suggest I do next ? I’m guessing machine learning is an important aspect of being a data analyst .. should I take a course on that and get that out of the way ?
Are you currently a data scientist?
is economics major for undergrad okay and what should i do along with it?
What do you think about codecademy? I was going through it for a while and i feel like its pretty good but im not amazing at data science yet so how do i know
👀 Maybe share with us in Data Dribble if possible ? Thanks !
I'm trying to resize the images, for some reason height=" " works but I'm not able to change the width. Any idea why?
Hey Ken, had an idea. For your next or future shorts, if possible could you go over the importance of baseline and/or possibly the different ways to do a baseline ie: dummy regressor, classifier, and how it applies to random forest?
why am I having this error? Can someone help me, please
do all  projects in data science need machine learning ? or just in some cases ?
should i know about machine learning to watch this playlist?
Is anybody read the stats book suggested by Ken: Practical Stats using R and Python?
Ken and Data Professor, thank you very much for this great tutorial! It is really useful for those who make their furst steps in creating portfolio. Just one question, is it possible to add a collapsible section in markdown for a large piece of text? Thank you!
Hi Ken jee...  How are you ?..can u please tell me .. in this playlist from where to where a data analyst part(i want to learn to fit in data analyst position )... Thanks for your efforts...
Hello sir, what's specific course that i have to finish ini kaggle? Its just ML course，python and deep learning? Is it enough to prepared for ML crash course by Google?
Do you believe a math degree along with the bootcamp would carry weight? do you know any colleagues that took a similar route? I feel that my math background allows me to be more than capable for the job, but convincing an employer of this without certs or anything else under my belt is a challenge. I am also open to obtaining my Masters while working in data, I’m all about continuing education.
Do I need to learn different programming languages to become a Data Scientist ? I learned Python and some  Ruby, should I take my time and learn R?
Hi in python code :df["Age"]= df.Founded.apply( lambda x: x if x<1 else 2020 - x ) , -1 will still present in new column Age?
Is becoming a data scientist worth it?
Sir is it possible to do this complete project  raspberry pi 4??
Hi I am in ireland and have done Sports Analysis from there. Looking for a Job.Any leads? Would be grateful
Where to enroll for this data science challenge.  I am beginner..  Can you please tell from where we can enroll in this and also I was not  a part of any previous round.
how do i fix this? any one
How do we sign up ?
Will a bachelor's degree in kinesiology and master's in public health be helpful in a field like data analytics? I've taken classes like bio stats. I enjoy fitness, sports performance etc. I consider myself a sports junkie. I hear in data science employers want a masters degree. But what if in another field that's not data science.
Exciting! Looking forward to see what you and the others get up to. Did you make the short using the new tools made available recently?
Hey! This is so exciting and looking forward to joining the challenge. I am currently an Analyst at a FinTech company and have a solid Maths background but not so much in technical knowledge. I would love to get more experience in Data Science as this is actually one of my dreams but I find it really hard to find the time when you have a 9to5. What you do is really inspiring by the way, was wondering if you had any videos about your career? Do you have a full time job as well or doing youtube full time?
Can you make a video on Roadmap to Learn Data Science in 2021,
Hi @Ken thanks for this video, I want to transition my career in Data engineering but don't know where to start, I'm experienced Python developer. can you please provide some reference point from where to start and prepare for data engineering role ?
But everything seems so vast that it scares to even begin.....any advice ?
maybe you could do a little more example for us? make a couple more minutes perhaps? but i like the idea about the short vids, thumbs up!!
Can I know what is this balance board ?
Hi Ken. Great video. Following along, but it seems Glassdoor changed their class names especially infoEntity from the parser. Any suggestions on how to workaround this?
How can we become one?
Should I learn algorithms and OOPs in Python before moving on to the next step?
Can you provide us with some documentation of this project, I would be grateful if you could do that. Thanks.
Hi Ken! I am currently finishing my bachelor's degree in Maths of Finance and Risk Management at the University of Michigan. I know umich is kind of a prestigious school, but I got rejected from UCLA, UC Berkeley, NYU, the Ivies, etc. for undergrad. I want to potentially go to one of these schools for my masters in data science. Do you think its a stretch? Umich is way harder than expected, and my CGPA is 3.4 and my major CGPA is 3.06. I feel like my CGPA is way to low to be aiming for these schools so I was wondering what my target schools should be when applying for masters. (I also do not have much experience coding due to my major) Thank you! :)
2:14 What stronger foundation is there than Statistics? This is one of the first things I look for.
My company is suscribed to Coursera and I was wondering which opinion you have of their Data Science courses. I have seen many of your videos, but I think you haven't named it. Is it because cost, quality?
Hey Ken. What would the best approach be if I already have a project but am just getting started with Python programming?
On conversing with a data scientist one time, I was told it was a deep learning problem. I am confused if I should learn what's necessary for this project or approach it like everyone else?
ok so i’ve been wanting to get into baseball analytics because I have a friend who is in the field and it is very intriguing. i’m only a junior in high school right now. how should I get started?
My sister is a lead business analyst at citi , is it different from data analyst? I am always confused between these two
I am a student of Computer Engineering, recently discovered my interest in data science. What would you suggest me? Should I go for a degree or learn by Google data analytics certificate?
What is the topic of next video ken?
Hey Ken! Recently many articles and news sites stated that data science is gonna extinct in the future. Is it really true? Could u share your opinion about this.
Hi there. I have bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering and master's degree in Mechatronics. Currently, I am in UK and looking for an opportunity in Data Science. I am getting an offer to do MSc in Computer Science from Swansea University. With my interest in Data Science and educational background, is it worth doing MSc in Computer Science?
Is it possible to learn Google data analyst course on a tab or phone ??
Does the building a web app require another language besides python?
Hi Ken, What do you think of DePaul's current MSc DS program?
Also what are the best US schools for MSc in DS for towards a path to PhD?
Hey Ken! Recently many articles and news sites stated that data science is gonna extinct in the future. Is it really true? Could u share your opinion about this.
Hi Ken, do you have any recommendations on projects related to NBA?
I know this is random question, but to make sure I'm understanding the data, at 14:59 does the last row mean that 2 people had 5 cabins?
What helped me was understanding that I will not 100% know and understand everything and that is okay, nobody does:)
Do you think an undergraduate degree in data science is worth doing if its something that interests me? I don't reckon you're too familiar with many uk univerisites (my bad if i am mistaken) but i have an offer to study data science at warwick, and an offer to study computer science at manchester - the main reason i consider the data science degree is because i like the look of it a lot, but if i keep an interest in coding (though the degree has a lot of options for coding modules within it already), that I won't really be doing myself any wrong picking the data science undergrad over the computer science undergrad? My main concern is only that a cs grad may be viewed slightly more preferable in a range of places just by degree name, but i dont know if thats true or not
Hi mate i Love Your video's so Much , i Come From a Background with me only graduate in My Community. Can I Get Your Mail? How do i contact you. I need some Career counselling. I would really appreciate it
Great info.  It also makes sense that, companies would be happy to let a perrson  they already know have the position, than going outside the company and it is a crapshoot.  Quick question though.  Do you think  getting a data science certification would help make your case in transitioning or is that primarily to help get into the field?
Time and I have an oft adversarial relationship as well.  I have been working on it.  Btw, how did you do in the March Madness competition?
Why didn't you choose a master's in Applied Statistics?
Hi Ken, do you have any advice on reviewing kaggle code? Are there any kaggle competitions in particular that I should look for notebooks in that would be easy to learn from for beginners?
Ken, i study Petroleum Engineering. Can i study Data Science for master degree? And what can i do to be accepted by university with high probability? I have 3 years left in my bachelor degree.
What I realised was that you don't need to know everything to teach others, you just need to be their guide.
Can you make a video on top colleges for masters in data science in the world?
Really really really excellent video!  I needed to hear this.  I just need to concentrate on my classes and keep moving forward.  By any chance have you heard anything about the PG-AIML program at the University of Texas?
Hey Ken, great video. I actually installed everything perfectly but when I try to open the anaconda navigator directly, it does not open. Is this an installation issue?
It leads to doubt... Am I doing the right thing?
However, I sensed that it's not the case with DS? I sensed like if I joined a certain industry as Data Scientist, my skills won't be easily transferable to other industries. For example, you joined the DS world in the sport industry, right? Do you feel your experience is easily transferred to other industries (like automotive, social media, music, retail, etc...). Landing a job in a different company/industry is easy?
Can you also pass my prize to the next winner. You already have given me many resources through this competition and those are really useful for me.
is your dad ever awake?  curious to see his "sleep ring" results vs yours lol
2. Mathematics and computer science degree?
People who made a career shift to DS, what are your thought on this?
Im about to do an internship as a data analyst, im honestly still not sure about this path and I dont know many ppl as clueless as I am about their interests, after investing so much time in education. Any advice?
This is very true.  I have gotten acceptance on this, as I am at the beginning of my journey.  Plus, I am convinced that this is going to pay off with a Fantasy Football championship.  YES!!!!   TOTAL FANTASY FOOTBALL DOMINATION!!!!   BWAHAHAHAHA!!!!?!
I'm currently in high school and am looking into the field of data science. I am going to learn Python over the summer, but I was wondering if there was anything else I should do to give myself a head start in this career path?
Can you talk about data analysis? Projects, interview prep. Share If there is any video you have on data analysis. Thanks.
I finished masters in physics.  AM I able to learn data science ? Now I just  know basic python programming and very little machine learning. Please tell me how I can grow in this field
Hi I'm doing Bachelor's in IT. I'm very much interested in Data Science. I've just started my data science journey. I've decided to study Statistics, Algebra, Data Visualization, MLA online through some courses. Will it be a good start?? And would I be able to get a job after graduation in Data science??
Should I use Excel for the Pivot Table or Python ?
What can I pursue if i really hate coding? Note: I got 98/100 in Java in academic course. But I don't like now. Sports analytics intrigued me because it showed me direct application of what I have learnt in my academics...and I am afraid to get into data analytics/science just because it has coding?
How should I start ? Should I really do a formal 1 or 2 years Masters degree or just enroll for online courses? Can you specify some courses to get started?
I'm still a beginner but am currently trying to analyze COVID-19 notifications from Brazil's state of MInas Gerais. Guess I'll do some analysis to check this hypothesis: "are notifications made in capitals more data-rich than notifications made in peripheric cities?".
Do you recommend learning SAS for data science?
Let us decide what we can and cannot. OK?
Hi. Your Content is amazing. Can you make a video on the best resources for learning the business side of a business data analyst? much love.
Hi Ken, in this case, ETH High is predicted using other parameters. But, how could it be used to predict the future cases?
(Because in my understanding, we would still need to predict most of the other inputs used in the model. So, how would the prediction part of this model work?)
Hey Ken, really appreciate the video! Is there a connection between data science and accounting? Specifically between audit or tax accounting?
by project, we really mean the final deliverable is the jupyter notebook thats uploaded to github, right?
Hi Ken, great video again. I’ve been listening to KNN and I enjoy the podcast. In a future video on data science projects could you talk about the differences between using Kaggle and GitHub? If you already have I’d appreciate if you could point me to the video or episode.
The changes I make in Atom are not getting reflected back in localhost. Can anyone please help? Thank you 😊
When I came across some technical interviews I realised that interviewer is more interested in-
Sir can you give a perfect intermediate roadmap for data science pls?
Why is there just a random old guy sleeping at the end of the video???
Can you please, give us projects we can practice with, real world projects
How long does analysis and mode building like this take?
Is this a binary logit model?
Can u suggest an analystic book for badminton ?
I appreciate the resources. Very helpful. Just wondering if there’s any discount for upgrading “interview query”? Thanks 👍
I have a question. In the query_tweets structure, how do I filter tweets only from certain accounts?
Hey ken I just stumbled on to the field of data analytics cause I hate too much coding 😂 and came across your page and several others and this is literally calling out to me. I do have some thing I wana  ask you I’m currently taking google analytics professional certification course on coursera and they teach R instead of python. Is it absolutely necessary for me to learn python and what’s the diff between R and python? Could you give me a basic idea. Also is this google certificate worth it would it be easier landing a job with it. Sorry if I’ve asked too much but you’re very responsive on here unlike others and I would like to hear your opinion.
Could you specify how to learn form others' notebooks on Kaggle? I'm not sure how to start.
I'm considering pulling the trigger on investing in 365 Data Science.  It seems comprehensive and very reasonably priced.  A lot of comm colleges I've looked at don't seem offer too many of these types of courses.  While most of them have Calc 1 - III, they seem to be lacking in other areas (like data structures and stats courses beyond elementary stats).  I realize they are only two year programs.  Any insight regarding which CCs might be offering a more Data Science specific majors at some point in the near future?  Would a comp sci program be of any use?
You stop drinking coffee after 2pm? Nice job. Was it hard at first?
I am newbie to Data science and carry no prior knowledge. Is there any course that I could take up to learn basics?
Is data scientist a dying career?
WHY the habaneros?!! 😭
I'm familiar with git from a software development side.  My question is for data science what do you add/track in your epo?  Do you track the entire working tree so that output files dont need to be regenerated for each contributors (e.g. if you have slow running scripts). It do you only "add" the source data and scripts so that each person needs to run everything in their local copies?
is it accessible for foreigners as the same for Americans?
Thanks for great advise.  I will start working on my projects in next month. One question : Would you choose Tableau or Power BI for Project Dashboard ?
What is the relationship between excel certifications and data science?
Can you do one based on Data Analytics projects?
When i first started tracking my cycle, though, I also tracked acne and moods - and i was taking my temp every day, as part of cycle tracking, which also helped me track illnesses.  That was actually pretty cool.
Sir do we really need to go for a MSC degree if we do learn all theses things u mentioned ? . Please reply sir 🙏
Thank you so much! Also can I get a link for statistics course? I couldn’t find statistics course on Kaggle! God bless you man! 😁
Hey ken, can you suggest me which linear regression project should I do for my resume/portofolio?
hey ken jee, thanks for the info. i am  30 and  a total bum. so, i'd like to quit being a bum. this looks like a great career. what do you advise for someone who would like to get started even in something related and not necessarily in it, where from he/she could continue to learn while earning to then move up and /or into this field?
WILL THERE be upcoming videos on collecting, and more important extracting, time management data in Notion in order to analyze it? Dorie Clark has an interesting article in FastCompany ("I painstakingly tracked everything I did for a month. Here’s what I learned") but the "painstakingly" in the title IS an obvious hurdle. LOL It defeats the purpose when "time tracking" becomes a major task in an of itself.
So what would you recommend for calculus in a degree program? Calculus 1,2, and 3?
Nice video Ken! I like how you’re investigating your life’s metrics to better understand your productivity. Currently your equation is “Tasks = f(Habits)”. What if the number of papayas eaten in a day increases? “⬆️Tasks = f(Habits + nPapayas)”  🤔
So, your choice of discipline, or school didn't determine the outcome?  Spoiler alert: it was you.  I know multiple guys who (not a joke) went to Harvard, MIT, Stanford and/or Berkeley and didn't do half as well as some people that went to the school I went to.  Sadly, that wasn't me: but I can't complain.
You told me Ken that you will share your Papaya 🍋 story 😅 Any plans?
hello, I majored in public health and I am completing a masters in public health. I've learned that a major part of public health is finding data and analyzing it using r studio, sas, and python. the people who do that kind of stuff are called epidemiologists. if i wanted an MS in data science, could i go into it without any real data science background?
1) How much time did it take for you to set up as well as how much time do you spend on Notion daily/weekly?
2) How would you compare Notion to simply dealing with the MacBook's "Notes" or any notepad, and even Google calendar?
Did he say he got 2 master degrees? what was the first one? the second one was comp sci...
One thing that struggles me and I think might be the less comfortable one is that you have to introduce the the data, daily, by yourself (Notion scenario). Am i right?
Is there a manner through which you automate that?
how to instead of begin and end date just give the latest one since the script started running?
2:27 You eat papaya with the skin?
Hi Ken Jee, Thanks for the video! I've been struggling getting into data analytics industry for the past 1 year. After watching your videos, I've tried doing projects from Kaggle, but my technical skills for completing projects on my own are quite not there to show off to hiring managers. I recently was contacted by a recruiting firm that provides SAS training and get assistance getting into a first SAS programmer role, it will take me 3 months to get a certificate and possibly get the role. I'm thinking maybe 1 year of experience as a SAS programmer can help me to get a feeling of data analytics field, and continue to learn Python on the side. Could you advise if this could be a helpful route for me?
Is it okay to leave out the "Pizza slices eaten today" field empty 😔 ?
is that a papaya or a mango? 👀at 2:25, also definitely going to try out Notion! tysm for recommending!
That's an amazing observation Ken 💯 . I think we all should start Analysing our daily data and come out as a better version of ourselves. 🙌. Can you share the #66daysofdata template and also your daily tracking table template ? Would love to use them 💯
Mental clarity!??
Why do YouTubers not edit out the part of the shot where they are reaching for the camera off-button?  Is it a meme?
What do you think about the OSU boot camp?
Wait what ? You reply to all of your YT comments ? ? Damnnnn.
I feel quite insecure when trying out a new project from Kaggle and feel that I am just copying others and not doing anything unique. What would you suggest as a method by which I can overcome this insecurity and push myself forward?
How much papayas is left 😂🧐
With all that being said, do you still think investing in a bootcamp would be the way to go?  Would it perhaps be better for someone with my set of circumstances to at least pursue an Associates in Biz with a concentration in D Analytics?  Indeed includes many Data Analyst positions where at least an Associates is preferred.  I've also read articles stating that holding a Bachelor's is virtually a necessity in terms of getting one's foot in the door as a data analyst.
Thank you for the insightful video.  I do have a few questions that have been lingering on my mind: would it be beneficial for a 36-year-old - who works full time - to at least pursue an associates in math and/or comp sci?  Perhaps blend that with taking edX/Data Quest/365 DSM?  I've been messing around with some Kaggle projects as well.
You don’t recommend attending university?
Hey I tried joining your discord link it says invalid or expired... too late?
Ken, correct me if I am wrong but do you think you worked as a consultant in the past which is helping you to be a good communicator or explainer?
Ken I am planing to shift to Data science . My company is not having data science in my location. Could you suggest if I should kaggle datascience stream or edx Harvard prof certificate or Azure DP 100 exam? I m trying to follow #66 days data science from today. DataScience is in mind again after 2 years or probably I should look something else
Awesome video Ken, which regression  project is best to do for resume/portfolio?
Can you please make a video on how to fine-tune GPT for language Modeling (i.e. for next word prediction) ?
Should I focus more on oop? To be a data scientist
I love kaggle and frequently recommend it but i wish this video was easier to see.  The bits of you are super dark - and do people really use kaggle on a phone?
Great #shorts video Ken! Would love to try out that algorithmic name generator, awesome! Perhaps a new Streamlit app? :)
Boss , I don’t understand why ur subscribers are not million ?
What an absolute gem of a playlist. Thank you so much Ken! You are a star
is this the same as a data analyst, if not would you say they have the same or similar barrier to entry?
Is this the first comment in this month?
What does this mean?
Can you suggest a more reliable and dependable IDE for data science please?
Hii ken, currently, I am doing my bachelor's in computer science and I am really interested in the field of data science. I just want to know whether it is compulsory to have a master's for a data scientist?
When I started, I tried various courses and MOOC's but nothing ever stuck. The moment I started attempting my own projects I started to see progress in my learning and I finally started to retain the information I was learning :)
Time for another 66 days??
@KenJee - thanks for this video - nice one! What would you recommend for a manager/director who has data science team under their org chart? What kind of path should they pursue?
Hey ken ,can you tell whether the interviewer  ask to implement (to code )any of the algorithm from scratch i?
Ken are you really data scientist ?? 🤔 Plz tell me I want to ask you very questions ??
Hi, thank you for your recommendations! I just started Mathletics, but I was wondering if you know any NHL analytics book you can recommend us? Greetings from Canada!
You think the ranking of the university is important in this area?! (masters in DS)
Sir can you please help me to findout how i start my career in performance analytics or especially in cricket. Is there is requirement of any degree or i can learn from any source? At this time, i am doing btech in computer science.
26ft? You realize if this was the 4point line Steph Curry and Dame Lillard are going to murder the league. Steph is shooting 43.7 percent from 25-29 ft. He is shooting 45.3 percent from 30-35 ft. Dame is shooting 40% from 25-29 ft and 34% from 30-35 ft. Analytically shooting 25% from 4 is equivalant to shooting 50% from 2 point range. If Steph Curry was to shoot 43.7 percent from 4 point range that is equivalent to shooting 87% from 2 point range. If Dame Lillard is shooting 40% from 4 point range that is equivalent to shooting 80% from 2 point range. In context Shaq who was one of the most dominant players ever shot a field goal percentage of 58.2%. So unless you can get wide open dunks on almost every trip down the court dealing with a potential 40% 4 point shooter is not something this league is ready for.
Do you think is better to put the kaggle classifications in a project or something like the value for accuracy o rmse reached in the model? I have some projects and some nice classifications in kaggle as well.
I want to become data scientist I don't know why I choosen it as my goal , dream . But I confirmed that I want to become data scientist . Now I'm in 12 th plz tell me the right path how can I make it unique ?
I have just fair that what really I will become a data scientist ? 😟 Just depressed ☹️
By the way, I do find pandas not only more beautiful but also, and more importantly, easier pets to live with than their numpy counterparts .... what? Pandas are not cute bamboo animals? WHAT?! It actually means PAnel  DAta ? Whhhhaaaaaaattttttttt????!!
I'm a first year BBA student who's planning on transferring next year(so after my third or fourth semester) into a bachelor's of data science. It might take longer than normal to get the degree but yea I'm planning on doing that. What's something you suggest?
Can someone tell me why people prefer to use lots of python libraries instead of using R?
Thanks for the video Ken. I have a question on saving the datafile after the cleaning process.  Though not applicable in this video--when I clean up dates and some string fields--saving as .csv loses all those changes. Then the beginning of my EDA is doing that cleanup for the fields the csv does not save. Is this normal? Am I missing something? Appreciate the help. Be well.
Just had a lesson abt. pandas in class, is there like a data scientist hidden society?
Why did you use a lambda function? Isnt leaderboard constantly calling DB via api to check latest updates?
I had the same error as you with ./hugo server. To correct it, I did the same thing as you. But I keep getting the same error all the time. What to do?
what are you pressing after you select the code to see what it spits out?
Project on EDA, can we add this project in our resume/portfolio in order to applying for some data science position?
I 'm doing research in linguistics and I 've realised I need skills in organizing data properly. So, some time ago I  became interested in data science. So far, I 've gone over some online lectures in statistics for data science and found myself really passionate about. I would like to proceed in the field but.. as I 'm not an undergraduate age person at all, after watching your video, I feel that's a too challenging road for me, and, unfortunately, I might appear to be quite old for that matter. Despite the fact people say that having proficiency in three foreign languages like I do may be an advantage in job hunting process in this area. What's your view.. Is it worth investing time in it..?)
Is there any job as sports data scientist? because i am a big football fan and also interested in data science
Isn't it a bit stressful having to fill such a giant spreadsheet after completing every task?
Maybe it's person dependent? Either way, great video. Liked and subscribed!
Is it difficult to find a job after completing a masters in sports analytics?
Unrelated question here!, So Im a junior physics student right now looking to become a data scientist in the future, what is the fastest route to become a data scientist ? Land a data scientist internship, get a data engineering/analyst job, software engineering job, etc? Also I live in San Diego and don't plan on moving is this going to cripple my chances to find work?
I am an Computer Engineer and have a bachelor's degree on the same field. Furthermore, I am thinking of pursuing my further Studies in Data Science and I am currently working as a .NET developer(love to code). I found Math, Probability & Statistics interesting during my semesters over the years. So I think it would be good for me to practice with Data Science right? I'd like some of your feedbacks & btw awesome video :)
Hi Ken, thanks for the video. Just wondering, when you talk about the DS Masters, would that be a post-grad for general grad applicants (from different backgrounds), rather than data/software specific? I'm doing Maths (DA, Ops, Stats) and CS (ML) dual degrees... would that be sufficient, in terms of college qualifications, for most jobs (those not specifying PhD etc)? thanks
can you review my resume
how long time to become data scientist?
Which python IDE are you using? and which OS? I think that's also an important part of learning data science. I used macos then windows and now linux. I wasted so many hours trying to fix setting up environment/framework details..
Great video! Could you make a video reviewing couple of online certificates or courses, and some bootcamps? I think that’d really help out someone like me who’s just starting out and trying to make the best decision possible. Thanks you.
Why does Ken not apply for a Data Scientist job? The job would play much better, wouldn't it ?
How long did it take you to really feel comfortable applying much of the knowledge ken? As always thanks for the videos
do i have to learn deep learning after learning machine learning for data science career ?
Apologies for the unrelated comment but what is the brand-model of the chair that you're using at 4:40? Thank you and more power to you.
I thought it was pretty easy to get my data scientist job out of college??? This video seems unnecessarily harsh
Thanks for your video, sir! I'm now a freshman at university, when it's time to choose major. Do you recommend me to choose pure computer science or data science. I am confused because the major of data science is set in the school of bussiness at my university. There are many bussiness course to learn (almost the same amount as computer science). And there are not courses of the underlying knowledge about computer science (like computer network) Could you please give me some advice? Your words will be greatly appreciated!
Hey, I have a finance and accounting background, if I learn python,R and different languages and technical things related to data science, with relevant solo and open source projects, with relevant internships, can I get a good job in the field?
Can I apply the knowledge of Data Science to Graphic Design?
I am bad at math, can i still start learning?
How about Julia vs Python or R?
How I spend my first hour on Saturday mornings. Thanks for the continued motivation and i hope to take your support on here and use it to apply simple ML for my project. 🙂🙏
At what point one can say or should consider that data science is not for them?
How to Solve This: Plug your USBs into Bananas
1:53 Wow USB-powered Papayas? Great insights Ken! Yes totally agree with you on the importance of domain knowledge which also helps to differentiate us from others.
However, I fit the profile of some Masters in Business Analytics/Management Analytics degrees. These courses combine business concepts with coding components, with introductory overviews into ML & AI, but they're not deep, technical specializations. Was wondering if you'd say it would be a relatively smooth journey from a Business Analytics Masters degree to an eventual Data Scientist role?
But I have one question Ken. I don't know enough. Should i see the projects on YouTube and try to implement them by copying and understanding them? And you told about plagiarism in DS.  Will it be like I plagiarized those projects ??
Hey Ken, have you ever thought on making a video on what is important when you are in a data science role already. Would be quite interesting for me to hear your opinion. I sometimes do not know if I should dive VERY deep into some specific topics or just use my freetime to learn something somewhat related. For example I love working with REST Apis and even some Vue Frontend stuff which will not make me a better data scientist, but are also fun... Since I am also a content creator I something think the same way about creating videos. What´s your opinion?
Is a masters needed because I am very tired of school?😂
1) It's been some time since I completed MySQL course. However i have gone through the videos a few times but still I am not able to gain the confidence of saying that I know SQL.  What do you suggest here?
2) Practical knowledge is very important and I am unable to get that. I have a dataset. I make up problem statements in my mind and try solving it. But that is clearly not helping at all. So can you suggest me some places where I can apply the knowledge of Sql that I gained through the course?
Project From Scratch: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2zq7klxX5ASFejJj80ob9ZAnBHdz5O1t
YouTube Leaderboard: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2zq7klxX5AR8gVxZ-4w1vsVNTO0RDO0_
Ball Classifier: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vy-R4oUZaC8&ab_channel=KenJee
Hi there! I recalled you mentioning that you could become a data scientist in 6 months if you put your head to it. Does this include a certified degree which will allow you to be applicable for a job which a 3/4 year degree student would be applicable for?
So I just completed by bachelor in statistics and we do not have masters programme in statistics in our place! I cannot leave my home for further study. What is the best subject I can choose for masters in order to become a DS ? And  yes I cannot study computer science!
will these skills as plus point in my career ?
Do you actually have data showing that most people who apply to data science eventually choose another career? Or is this more a prospective warning to the swell of new applicants?
I have learned variables, loops, all the way to functions and objects. What do you think should I learn next?
Just signed up for data scientist training.  After being a psychology professor, science teacher for over 20 years, I am super stoked to figure out how to build neuronets.  Is this actually a viable field?
What are the coding workshops (applications/softwares) you would recommend for someone with no technological background whatsoever who wants to pursue sports analytics.
why do we want to program for data science. We need to make that clear. Data Science and ML is all about finding patterns and predicting results. Once you get the results then use anything to make that result work. I'm really fed up of hearing R is not flexible, R is not programmer friendly. But does it get the job done, yes, then where's the argument. This trend started when programmers got to believe they can do ML and DS
Can you suggest me  what should I do to become an well trained in field of data science ?
what should I do first ?
As a beginner, how I improve my coding skills?
which specific Part I need to focus?
What should I do to stay motivated while studying ?
Hey Ken awesome video, there is so much (sometimes conflicting) information out there about data science, it's nice to see you break it down. I just got admitted to Tufts for a master in data science with thesis. My undergrad is in electrical engineering. Just wondering if you know anything about the Tufts programs or would know what to anticipate in terms of career outcomes after graduation?
Is it unwise for someone who studied electrical engineering to master in data science?
why you got so many papayas?? thank you for making me understand that data science is not my cup of tea.
hi sir. Is it possible to get a freelance data science job even tough I only have a bootcamp and no experience at all. I'm planning to shift to data science career but as of now I can't risk to resign on my current job so I'm planning to have a frealance/work from home job before becoming fulltime on DS. Any suggestions on how to get a freelance job or On the Job Training? THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR HELP!
I am working as a mobile developer and i am really thinking about shifting to data science field, may you advice me if it's good choice to make + is it going to affect the salary !?
7:48 Are you trying to say that building models is not necessary? Could you explain your argument here?
Do you think that MS graduates from “top schools” (and who’ve done well academically and with projects, etc) have a better shot at getting interviews through their schools and through their alumni networks?
Could you please recommend some basic project on which one can work
when will it stop
or is this a PR stunt??
How did I not know of this before! Brilliant work man. Thank you so much for doing this!
I think if you want to go the cold-call email route, a nice python automation script might cut down a lot of time.  You should be able to scrape a lot of companies' email addresses and then send out emails to them with your CV. This can be repeated or done once-off? Or would it be better to cater each email to the comany that you send it to?
Dear sir, can u please tell the syllabus learn data science and free resources?
Hey Ken Jee, thank you for the video, it's helping me a lot. :) I wanted  to ask though, how did you know that you overfitted (the spoiler alert) with XGBoost?
to become a data scientist, what program or application do I need to start learning?
@Ken Jee So what else can I do? I am definitely in it for the money.
I get a timeout error when trying to get data from GameLog in a Google Colab, does anyone have the same problem?
Hey Ken, love your videos. I am on the path to DS now. I was wondering - do you know any good practice problems / data sets using sports (baseball or basketball preferred) to practice on? Always helps to have something you are interested in!
Hello  Ken jee, I have a BA in computer engineering, but it is several weeks that i realized i am interested in data science. I am learning it on udemy. Should i learn master or it will be better to continue online courses ?
Guys what do you wear or what can you wear or what is acceptable to wear in a data science interview ?
sir, after  saving my work at atom it does not update it on Hugo, what should I do now ??
Is this possible to become a data scientist as a business student?
What are some good sources for taking courses? I took a free udacity course and liked the teaching style, but it just seemed like a lot of money. I was thinking about using treehouse, but now im just all over the place and can't make my mind up
Just found this channel. And I have a dilemma I hope you could help with. I'm in cybersecurity and see how data science is starting to play a large role in threat detection. Can you do a video on that?
Hi, great video! Tell me something: I have a laptop with AMD Ryzen 5 GPU. I am trying to build things that need CUDA. Is there any way to run it on a AMD GPU? Or it there any alternative that doesn't include buying a new laptop? Thanks
Ken, are you planning to upload any youtube short videos about data science?
What do you think of Jose Portilla's and Kirill Eremenko's courses on Udemy? I'm currently taking the following:
Could you please give your opinion on these Udemy courses, if it's not much trouble? Thank you in advance :)
What's the general consensus around tattoos in the data science area?
I got these errors in google colab. Can anyone help?
1. How do I learn the syntax? I understand the logic but whenever I try doing something, I am unable to recall the correct syntax.
2. How do I overcome the fear of losing this epic jump? I love data and I am trying my level best to work on it but sometimes I just feel very low and don't feel like continuing because of my hectic schedule.
I want to ask, what do you think of CS50 Introduction to programming offered by Harvard? I am an absolute beginner, started learning python few days ago. The course offers other additional programming languages like Java, C, SQL etc. So shall I go for it? Or will there be extra unnecessary knowledge that has nothing to do with data science?
So I’m studying management data analysis, would that be in data science role or data analytic?
Thank you for the great video as always Ken. The grit aspect towards the end really speaks to me as someone trying to enter into the field. I remembered when I first started out going into this field my first year at UC Davis, I felt a major hit of imposter syndrome. It all really started out with when I interviewed for a Data Science project for the Data Science club at UC Davis. The president at the time (who interviewed me) asked questions about my project experience, interest in sports (this was a sports analytics project that required computer vision to analyze the movements of players), last book I read, project experience, and my SAT math score. As I answered those questions, he didn't like many answers to any of them (never had projects because I just learned how to code from my Introductory Python course I took the quarter before the interview, not into sports, stupidly said the last book I read was "To Kill a Mockingbird" even though it was a book about Robert Kennedy (I was kind of nervous here), and I scored in the 600 range for math) and proceeded to say this, "Look Jeffrey, I know there's way smarter people than you. Tell me, what makes you stand out?" My response was, "Uh... I'm willing to work," and he said, "*sigh* Everyone's willing to work." I basically failed the interview and he basically implied that this field isn't for me (to add insult to injury, I saw someone do better than me at the interview right after I finished). Not only that, some people thought that I would end up at McDonald's after I graduated. To compensate, I did side projects throughout sophomore year, got accepted into Facebook's Data Science mentorship called the Facebook Data Challenge 2020, secured a summer internship as a Data Analyst at the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, got accepted into the MURPPS Research Program at UC Davis, and I'm on my way to prepare for an interview for a Bioinformatics Research Position in the Molecular and Cell Biology department at UC Davis to use machine learning models to predict the structure of DNA/RNA to determine how this can lead toward genetic diseases. I'm glad that having developed a sense of grit throughout the years has been so far useful for not only proving people wrong, but also giving me great opportunities.
The first worked, but the second still doesn't. Gotta keep on grinding, eh?!
Ken between Data Science and Data Analytics wich one is more compatible with getting a remote job from another country? Keep it up man
How can you fare as a freelance data scientist or a machine learning engineer?
8:24 Wait, what? Haha, that was a hilarious blooper!
Where do you think the ML engineering field is heading? Saturation the same ?
06:26 was that a wink? 🤣
How about Dataquest, is it good for beginners too?
Hi Ken, what would you suggest if I have a Bachelors degree double major in Economics and Business already? Would a certificate be a better option in terms of landing a job at the end than what you mentioned in the video? Thanks!
But while Restoring the database I am getting the following error. You said that you will link the video for how to install.. Can you help me with this error?
Not related to this audio. Do you have a group for all your subscribers where they can interact, discuss doubts and ideas? If not can you make one as you've a huge reach already. Would be really helpful thank you!!
what a sad way to waste away an entire human life just to land a job!! it's high time that the industry starts making well defined data science roles. generally, data scientists are supposed to know the entire lot of crap and apply only a miniscule % of that knowledge in real life. i don't like the idea of living a life in this manner. need to seriously rethink data science as a career... living my life is more important for me. they ask like 20+ skillset for one position!! not worth it. it's not a creative process anymore.
Found your video from a linkedin post about a 'beef' between you and Alex . .. and it just made me even more sad about the job I started 3 weeks ago. I was excited to try an actual dev job after being an analyst for a while - and the recruiter said great things about this company.  But wow, now that I'm here?  3 weeks and almost nothing to do, and I'm not at all confident that there WILL be anything to do, at least nothing that is in the least bit interesting or challenging or creative in any way.  Now i want to be an analyst again!
why keyword is written
Hello Ken! What is the different between bioinformatics and data science?
Anyone, Would you like to suggest any dataset different than the vehicle on which I can try out these operations?
Hey, the present dataset on Kaggle has some changes in it so is it a good thing? I replicated this regression and I have gained much from it.
One who is not good at maths can become a data scientist?
What should I learn for Data analytics or statistical modelling R  or Python ?
Who tf is that guy with a dislike 😤
what degree would you recommend?
I am thinking to become Data Scientist and good with maths. I am severely deaf and can cope  1 to 1 communication using lip reading and able to speak clearly. I am concern about my communication difficulties in meetings and undergo presentations but however in the UK unfortunately there are shortage of Sign Language Interpreter (SLI). It be good idea to set up meetings early something like 8.00 am or late after 5.00 pm because that when SLI are usually available. I like to know how often do regular Data Scientist need to attend meeting during the day, how long and is it everyday? I understand being a typical software engineer for example that the meeting are normally 1/2 an hour meeting per day.
Where to find data science related projects for profile building for a fresher?
I already have a master degree in Computer Science. I am considering either apply online PhD in Data Science from Northcentral University or online Master in Data Science from University of Michigan on Coursera ? Northcentral university ranked not good among American universities, but it's the only online Data Science PhD in the USA and it only takes 3 and half years to complete. While University of Michigan ranked around 17th among American universities, but I already have a Master degree. Which one would be better for finding data science jobs in USA ? Does ranking matter ? Thanks ! I really appreciate your help !
Is it good to mention our freelance profile with linkedin and github profile in resume?
my question about data science is: can there be science without data?
The model was trained on around 178 features so how one should manually enter the data while accessing this project?
Hey there bro, nice video. But I'm still confused, like I'm an undergraduate student in CSE (Data Science) but I have no clue how to start things in programming and data science, so a little bit of advice please ? Because I probably can't do internship without having knowledge 😅😅.
For a someone from a health care industry trying to make a break into something more data analytic based??
Just in time for me. Just moved to this role from teaching high school and having other data role goals for the future. Any suggestions for creators that talk about visualization to follow ?
Ken, I'm currently enrolled in a MDS program, while my undergrad was in Business Administration. It's a completely new field for me so I don't have any internship/co-op experience in Data Science at all. I wonder what I can do to land a Data Science job straight out of school?
Which cloud technology help in data analyst job?
Would you be willing to share your spreadsheet so that we can download it?
Yoo I see you're wearing a Virginia sweater - are you an alumni? I'll be starting there as a CS major this coming fall :)
Ken, what is your opinion if someone previously as junior data scientist to senior data analyst?
Which should one prefer first or choose first while applying for entry-level, data engineer or data analyst? As you told in one of your video about different job roles so data engineer comes first so I got this doubt.
The question is how do I go from unemployed to Data Analyst? :(
Follow your passion rather than following what Sharma Uncle's son is doing or what entire world is doing. now a days every Tom ,Dick and Harry are learning data science without much insight into Statistics , in interview they are not able to tell what is formula for slope, what is discrete variable etc.  Data science is more statistician job rather that software engineer job,  ppl are learning even getting job also , but what impact they are giving to society ?  A  Data science is one who resolves the most complex problem in the world. using Maths , Science and Probability. Not a easy job at the same time not imposssible , most ppl are trying for salary , its requires more passion , focus ,discipline than any other field
Alex the Analyst Interview: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQDkFcI74mI&ab_channel=Ken%27sNearestNeighborsPodcast
A question: Is it possible to create the same github page but with HTML and CSS?
Hello, I am struggling to choose a major. I have attained my associate of science transfer degree and need to choose a major. I think I am interested in an information science and data analysis program, but the requirements say you must already have a previous "skill set" with python, java, oracle, and linux, or similar to each of those. I am a first gen college student so I am extremely unfamiliar with everything basically. The counselors don't provide any helpful info about specific majors. So, can you tell me, am I supposed to study these on my own, and then apply? Do most people learn on their own, and then apply for majors involving them? I was always under the impression that most people take college courses/gain credits for these but apparently it's wrong? Isn't college for finding what you enjoy too? How would I ever know if I like data analyses and python if I've never taken an actual class on it? Sorry, I just really feel so lost right now.
Can you recommend any coding books that aid in doing these types of supervised and unsupervised models?
Is it required to study data structures and algorithms (in depth) for data science  and machine learning?
Can you make a Video how to walkthrough the   project in a Data -Science  interview. it will be really helpful! Thanks in advance.❤
I am currently doing Mechanical engineering in last semester & this year will be graduated ..My Question is that what are  options for me either  will I have to  do Ms in Data science or will i explore further data science on my own  so to build up skills?
What is your advice for people from engineering like me to pursue data science career?
The biggest challenge & how to manage?
I recently got a data science certification and going to apply for junior data scientist job (I have in me almost all skills company required) no job experience in data science field, that's why I am confuse how to make resume as a beginner?
Why are there so many YouTuber that I subscribe quiting their data science job?
Thanks for watching! If you decide data science is for you, I recommend these free resources to learn it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ip50cXvpWY4&ab_channel=KenJee
(Free) My Recommendations: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ip50cXvpWY4&ab_channel=KenJee
I....didn't even know this was possible!  And a Kaggle competition too?  Next year I am doing this.  And I need to do some sort of algorithm for football season too!  Awwwww man.  I'm hooked.
Very inspiring video Ken Jee. I am also hoping you would reveal how data science applies to your love for those green fruits. I'm always looking to find them in your videos...not sure what they are?!!
where can I find projects to learn ?
2 is it a good career for someone who loves the sport and understands the analytical part of it? Because I feel like I would loveba job like this.
Thanks for sharing these awesome tips! I was wondering what kind of working positions would be helpful to have when applying to a data science internship. I'm hoping to go to a university that has a co-op program that begins first year but I'm most likely not going to get a data science position that early. Do you have any recommendations for what kind of positions I should look for that would be helpful for ending up in data science?
Great video! Where could I find data that includes runs scored and against?
Lot of good stuff about setting up your environments, but really... I just wanted to say man, that's a lot of papayas. I like that this is a running gag lmao (... or is it? 🤔)
Slick offices Ken! Plus 1 for the  Winston2English model demo at 1:30. Thoughts on the book, Shoot Video That Doesn’t Suck?
Can anyone who attended product company interviews/ working as data scientist in product company guide me what topics are must for data scientist  interviews in a product company...
It is awesome to connect with people around the world! Also, random question, how old are you? You don't have to answer. :)
Could I be successful majoring in Data Science and minoring in Computer Science? I recently just switched my major and minor choice because of personally preference.
What's the book under the O'reilly one at your data science desk?
Did you have an office pre covid or were you always remote?
Could you do some videos of applying ML into a live project? Like a chat bot ? Also great vid!
I know this is a super broad question but do you have tips for someone getting into sports analytics. I have pretty good domain knowledge and am learning sql, python and r. Anything else I can do to stand out?
Great video Ken! I can’t help but wonder, How many papayas in the video? Let’s see, 1st at 1:50, 2nd at 2:50, 3rd at 4:00 and 4th at 8:01. Am I missing anything?
How can you focus while balancing on that board though? I would think my focus would be on that and not my tasks.
Are you heir to some papaya fortune and your channel has become a way to subconsciously pimp them out?
What about the set up for cod warzone??
So Which is a better choice for a person like me. Should I try to apply my skills in games like baseball or Basketball or is it better to go ahead with the games which I played till now?
Would you like to share your thought on this topic? Which sports should one choose while entering into sports analytics?
Hi, Great Video! Tell me something: I am building the tennis analyzer system that uses object detection and pose estimation and I would like to know if I should make an web app or a mobile app? What would be more efficient in terms of cost? Thanks
Could I have a bachelors in industrial engineering and a minor in statistics for data science?
My User folder has a space in its name so the anaconda installer warns me that several packages will face problems, what to do?
I'm curious about the Stacking you mentioned...to find out what to weight a number of models.  Is that using something like StackingRegressor in sci-kit learn for example?
Do you plan on doing more NBA game simulation videos? Like incorporating not only previous scores from games, but player stats and trends as well? Found it super interesting and made some additions myself
I get stuck sometimes thinking which is the best way to play with the features. Really STUCK! (Any advice on this?)
Do you think that building an Elo ranking might be appropriate for golf? I am trying to build a golf model but I am somewhat lost.
Hey man, love your channel! Glad to see that I am not the only person that struggles with daily time management.  I am currently experimenting with the Pomodoro technique and have tried a time-keeping device "Timeular" that tracks how much time I spend on a certain topic. Any favorite techniques/devices/apps that you use to stay on your game?
Hi Ken! So I am a Stats undergrad because I want to get into AI. Should I stick with Stats or go to Comp Sci? Thoughts, ideas, opinions? Thanks!
In most videos I’ve watched, people say that you can’t start as a Data Analyst and later on become a Data Scientist. Plus, it was often mentioned that in order to be a Data Scientist, you need to have a Bachelors degree in the field. What do you think about that? I’d love to know! Thank you :)
And what's the deal with Papayas. Do you love papayas so much  ?😅😅
9:00, why not just use ctrl + A / cmd + A to copy the whole cell?
I wonder how many people picked Drake to win just because of the name
This is great content if you wouldn’t mind. Sharing more about the model averaging and stacking in sports analytics? Is this normal practice what are the most common models for sports analytics... say-basketball in particular ?
Am i on the right track?
Great video Ken! 1:04 is that a real papaya?
Hi what do you think about college? Do you think that project based learning is the best way to learn or is it better to learn concepts? Thanks
Man is that your place at 5:05?? Got the vibes!
is still working?  got the error 'IMapUnorderedIterator' object has no attribute '_write_to'    Can't find  a solution
Hello :) Thanks for your videos I really love them. I'll graduate this summer and I'll have a master's degree in pharmacy. Right now I'm really interested in Data Science I've started a course on Dataquest and I really enjoy it. Do you think a person like me with a pharmacy degree could be useful in the field of Data Science? If yes I think maybe a Bootcamp would be useful for me.
9:28 why do we have to use dict.fromkeys() ?
See if I win my 50 Papayas here: https://picks.cbssports.com/college-basketball/ncaa-tournament/bracket/pools/kbxw63b2gu4dombrhezq====?entryId=ivxhi4tzhi4dqnjsgm3dkna=
Can it be used on mac?
Why it appear SyntaxError: invalid syntax for enddate = end_date?
Nooooooooooooo.......you murdered it. Btw does your company provide internship?
Is this one is different? Also, are there any prerequisites before using jupyter?
Is there a need to Pass JEE examinations(or other entrance exams) to Study Data Science (In India)?
And also can you suggest some good institutions in India Where I Can Take Data Science courses?
Hello Ken thanks for your advices. What do you think about reading books instead of those options ? I'm finishing the electronics engineering and I would like to work as a data scientist. I've already been reading a couple of books, but I don't know if it is going to be enough.
I just got invited to CorrelationOne Data Science for All from my work for free. Its gonna take 13 Saturdays im my life.... should I do it?
Ken Jee? No...no, it's KING JEE.
There's certificates and then there's certificates, right? How does the UC Berkeley Extension Certificate in Data Science stack up?
What degree is best for data science?
why does it not find the element?
#60: Very interesting this one, I know you are focus on DS but this could be an overall reminder of what to ask when you are finding a job, the one I like the most was about the development opportunities are there within the company?
Thank you for the details. Also, Would you like to share your opinion on Social media + Data science?
I am from Electrical Engineering background and I want to opt  ""Data Computational Science"" for my masters (M-tec). Will it be a good transition ?
Great video!! Can we apply something similar to golf if we want to know the probability of a player winning another player in a tournament?
If you read what everybody else has done, and every other coach has read it. What is unique?
Right now I am trying to install anaconda so will it be fine to use the python 3.8 version? because I heard python 3.7 is a stable version but that is not available on anaconda.
Hello, I have a question about the keras model. My keras model project take long time like 1 day and the data update every week, can we save the model? One more if we can save the model can we update data than going learning with this model or we start over?  Tensorflow v2.4, py v3.8
This is so useful, I love you videos! What are your thoughts on SAS? I heard it is an industry standard and a lot of big companies use it. Do you think its worth devoting time to?
Do you need a masters degree to be a good data scientist?
Why exactly was the design principles course so helpful?  This is also in my curriculum.
Is it uncommon to continue taking classes WHILE working internships?
ALTERNATE QUESTION: If you were starting from scratch today, but with the knowledge of your regrets and struggles (keeping in mind that everything has changed since you began and continues to evolve) how would you proceed? More specifically, how would you "learn Python"? With so many ways it can be applied, it's like saying "learn to use a computer".
Hey, If you don't mind I have one question... Why you learned C, Java as you are in data science?
What are the different ways of documenting the journey? Like YouTube videos or blogs. Anything else you can suggest?
Q: 01:00 and 6:52 what happened to the T-Rex?
A: He regrets (see what I did there?) being a carnivore so changed to a Brachiosaurus to get some of those juicy papaya! 🤣
Hi Ken, first of all  love this content and would encourage you to keep on experimenting with it  ! Secondly, I recently landed an internship posiiton at a fitness company (prefer to keep it unnamed) and will most probably work on projects that use DS and ML in improving athletes' performances. Do you have any recommendations on books or content related to this subject that I can check out from now till summer so I can knock It out of the park ? Thanks !
You did a great job explaining your approach to solving the task at hand and walking us through the process and so Im wanting to know what would be the next steps for someone wanting to use this competition to learn data science?  Like I dont have a detailed understanding of all  the algorithms that you used in this competition so  would it be best to pick the one that produced the best score and learn how to tune that particular algorithm model metrics to get a better score or would it be best to transfer your process to another beginner competition altogether to create a better understanding of the complete data science process as a whole?
Learn ArcGIS? You want to do a video about it? :)
#57: Hey Ken, how that year went for you? Did you wrote understandable code, attended + DS events (This I think was tricky, the things we can't control), updated your README ➡️ Github, participated in Kaggle competitions, and made projects accessible (✅ I think you kill it in this one, 2020 was the year where I knew you and has been a great journey!)
can we rename this: "A day in the life of the (ML) Maestro?" ;) And why Maestro might you ask? Well, I often hear Data science, Machine Learning and A.I. be described as being more art than science that's why ;)
Hi Ken! Is BA in comsci good course for Data Science?
Hi I am a back-end software engineer, mostly use nodejs. Can i become a data Scientists?
Is there anyway to get a recruiter to notice you if you dont have any aquaintance or friends who are recruiters?Thanks in advance
Also never eaten Vietnamese food???? Wtf
Yes, you did a great job! A productive day in the life ... The desk from uplift looks amazing, did you get a Herman Miller to go with that? 😆
More Vlogs!  Why didn't this vlog include the token wake-up scene?  Ya know, where people record themselves waking up, but how do they do it if they weren't up already? 🤔
How is your handwriting so nice tho! Also loved the vlog - do more pls :D
I think you love papaya very much 😂 Is there any story behind that?
How was the Burmese food?
Hey Ken how do you manage reading these books and retain that info efficiently? I'm reading tha Hands on machine learning and I like to take notes while reading it, but it takes too long 🥺
Which book I need to read for cricket
Wait I haven’t commented on this earlier?? Must have been in a JavaScript induced coma o.O
There are some courses that offer online classess. If they give the same masters degree as on campus course, do you think is it possible to get a internship and a job offer after that internship both in U.S?
Hey Ken, is diploma of 1 year is sufficient  to get job??
I had a question about data collection. Is data collection supposed to be a one-time process or does it have to be repeated over when the data in the source has changed? Taking the example of glassdoor, the data around salary will change over time, so how do we decide how often we should re-collect the data? And what if the website structure changes so often and hinders the scraping process? For example, this data scrapper code we referenced doesn't work very well if I run it now as many locators have changed, so I would also have to keep up with the changes in the glassdoor web structure. How to mitigate this problem?
Hi Ken Jee, Do data science industry require any degree or diploma, so that we get shortlist easily on that basis ??
Hi! Loved the video! Super informative! I do have a question though. I'll actually be starting my first corporate job as a sports analyst focusing on the second example. But really, I want to get involved in the first type of sports analysis focusing on performance. Is there a way for me to "cross-train" in preparation for the performance role while fulfilling my role as a sports analyst focusing on odds?
Thank you for sharing all that info, how much take for you to read all that books?
Is this even still working? I try to query user info, everytime the user info is a "NoneType"
Thank you Ken. I’m starting from scratch. So I have no clue of what steps to take. I find myself getting overwhelmed trying out different things simply because of this. Do you mind sharing a link to a curriculum? It would help so much to keep on track, set goals and move at a good pace.
Would you consider doing one for the linear regression example you suggested on your 3 beginners’ projects? It’s the Aimes housing prices project
What editing software do you use?  Just wondering.
Sir nowadays data science and data analyst job are so difficult ....the company calls us and tell us to pay money for training is this relevant???.....i mean why to pay money cant they give us a job by our skills???
Hi Ken, Thanks for your video. I need to do a project and I don't know what topic to choose. Any ideas?. Thanks a lot
Hi ken,I am actually facing a problem and I would love to hear some solution from you for it, so the problem is I have done a lot of projects till date but most of them either don't have a very good impact or if they do then the data which I am working on doesn't have many columns so I am not able to show my feature engineering and feature selection skills on it so can you suggest a source or any dataset which has both?
#49: My DS journey started exploring Machine Learning and later on the EDA and Data, not sure if was the right path  - “Life is a continuous exercise in creative problem solving” right? - but this video just made me happy. I actually know something! Yay!!!
What a gem this video!  I wasn't that aware of the visualization tools, on my list now!
Thank you Ken this helps a lot. I am a recent graduate engineer who is planning to change my career into data science. I just wondering if you can suggest how should I build a portfolio?
What is your mbti type?
(Session info: chrome=88.0.4324.182)), do you think you or anyone in the community can help me out with this problem? I hope this isn't overstepping any boundaries, I just really want to learn. I'll say my skills is over tutorial purgatory but still not confident to be considered "intermediate". Thank you very much!
Hello, how could I put an app like SwingVision on the cloud? How much would it cost? Thanks
Hey Ken Jee, answer my doubt: it is good to be a software developer before going to data science?
Do you have any plans on making a deep learning playlist?
This is out of topic but may i ask.. im planing to have a dataquest bootcamp.. is it ok or is kaggle enough to learn data science? Thank you in advance for your reply!
im 18 and im tryna transfer into sports analyst jobs.. how does that work?
So excited! Is this going to be a playlist?
About the factors, you read them in a book, or was it because of your expertise in Golf? (Not being an average golfer,  course conditions)
Hello! How is it going to be a business?
Who else paused the video on the leaderboard to see if their name was on it?
Wait forgot to aks main question when is the new look releasing?
Would continue?
Will you love me even I'm far away?
How can I help you ,please talk to me, please sent me an email or add me at my Facebook account. You know my name please don't hesitate.🦁
If the girl get out, I asked her name and number. How much do you want it?
Previous Leaderboard Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myhoWUrSP7o&ab_channel=KenJee
Do you want the girl too?
Are you still doing the data scientist job now with covid going on?
#48: Is that the Tommy Hilfiger Olympics hoodie?
Is this script still working for you? I grabbed the code from your repo. I keep getting a NoSuchElementException "Unable to locate element: {"method":"css selector","selector":".selected"}"
the API need some security token to be used ?
Computer Science undergrad and a Masters in Data science? Or go for a Masters in Computer Science. I really want to get into a SWE Job or a DATA SCIENTIST. Im at DePaul by the way doing my bachelors on Comp Sci right now and in there Masters program for a 4+1 so its a lot faster. Which one do you think is better then?
Awesome video mate. Do you know about some free certificate in statistics? I would really appreciate any info. Greetings!
That was very helpful, I got a small question when you clean the salary why not change the hourly to a year salary?
what level of mastery of each would be expected? that's a lot of different things
Currently deciding on a Business Major, is Business Analytics a good major to later transition into Data Science?
I thought that I could do something similar mixing my passion of tennis and AI. I have been doing some research but I am not aware of any tool that allows me to do something similar to that. I found some research papers but they had too much math and they were too complex to build my app from that. Are you aware of some framework or any tool that allows me to do something like that? Or do you think that I need to make new algorithms? Also, do you have any tips on how to make it a profitable Saas?
I'm currently doing an undergrad in data science and engineering (in India), which I picked up impulsively. If that was a bad decision, would it be better for me to do a master's in computer science (hopefully from the US or Canada) to break into the data science?
Hey Ken, What are your thoughts about Crypto-Currency at present? Or Which changes will you do if you want to rebuild a similar project?
Hello, i am trying this template but i don't have Recent project in my main page. Do you know why? Thank you very much for all this information
I’m currently choosing between majoring in CS at Penn State or data science at Purdue. Do you think the name recognition and internship opportunities at Purdue could outweigh the potential drawbacks, or should I just stick to CS at a less impressive school?
Can you guide me from now how can I use my  skills into getting a job related to sports analytics work in best companies
hello @ken,  thank you for the video! Would you recommend any book specifically for tennis analytics?
Why would anyone take a portfolio site made on wix seriously?
Hey Ken, Could you please do an Interview Guide video for us? LOVE YOUR CONTENT!! 💯
Hey Ken, Thanks for the video. I'm curious as to how the expected score is calculated? A 150 yrd approach shot at the US Open from the rough and the same shot at an average tour event don't have the same expected score. Does SG score these 2 shots as equals?
Essentially what I am after is this, are strokes gained calculated in isolation within the same round, tournament, PGA tour Season, or every PGA golf shot ever taken?
I've been working on my portfolio and currently learning supervised/unsupervised learning. I know you've said making your own site looks good for companies perspective. Using Wix, will that decrease my chances vs making my own site?
after sometime if i want to change something will i have to redo the whole thing or the website will already have my portfolio so i just have to edit.?
Did you leave out mentioning your own github repository on purpose?
Also, was it an oversite the not mention github's opensource community as a resource?
but also, i don't have that much data science work to display (i'm a computer science graduate with a few ds courses and projects) so maybe making it from scratch will be another way to showoff my work in itself? It's gonna be way more work so I'm wondering now which option should I do :/
I want to be in lawn tennis as a data scientist/analyst/ sports analyst do you have any suggestions?
I have one question, you mentioned if you collect data on your own it will add more value. How can we do that? Can you please give me a example?
For example, Ind vs ENG test is going on so if I collect data of that matches is it considered as data collected by me? Or correct me if I am worng...
I'm considering enrolling into a bootcamp. My only reservation is that I only have my associates degree at the moment. I am currently working on my bachelor's in computer science. Is it even worth it until I have at least my bachelor's?
Hi, I feel like this topic is key for data science, I just wander why do you recommend  Flask? could I use Django? or why not any other technology with python.
Another factor to consider is the content of the videos themselves. Your videos cover various topics like data science as a study / career path, project demos (like this one), and work / life suggestions. So, is there a coloration between the content of the videos (factoring in some of the other influences) and the response metrics?
And while you are taking into consideration which days you post videos, have you considered simply posting on a particular day routinely? Lastly, are you LOSING subscribers and are there any suggestions, if this is occurring, as why this is happening?
How is the motivation scorecard used? How do you "motivate" yourself to keep track of so many tasks / goals particularly without the task of tracking interfering with achieving the tasks / goals? Do you utilize any methods to capture the data at  the source of the activities (e.g.; fitness tracker)?
Thank you for the clarity of the tutorial. it is fantastic. I have a question: where can one change the format of the text, for instance, justified, aligned to the right, position of the title over the photo, etc etc...isn´t it a .css file to do that? Thank you very much
B.S Data science degree is it worth it?
Which Project?: I am currently working on Martingale project, basically taking Monte Carlo simulation approach to determine how well the Martingale Roulette betting strategy works. Can you tell me what you think about this project?
When I watched the graphs, and then the Steph Curry one, I thought about the sweet spot on finding insights from the best players to transfer that to coaches who train new talents.
did I come to the wrong channel? nah.. that's Ken .. 😅😅😅 make some more series like these..
Is this compatible with langdetect 1.0.8 version? I'm getting KeyError: 'text' at line 40 where it's filtering for English tweets.
Oh, a data science and Netflix series in one, huh? Sweet!
I'm a second-year Economics student. Do you think I can make the switch? I'm unclear on how to pursue data science from here.
Do you need PhD for ai research?
Thanks Ken. I loved the video! Do you have any videos that deal in more detail with the correlation heat map output in line 9? I would love to know more about what I can learn from this and when to use it.
WHAT A GREAT PROJECT HERE!!
can you do vlog about top 5 or 10 best data science / ml books ??
Hey Ken! Little late here - but would you recommend SQL for sports analytics?
Thank you my friend for these insightful tutorials. Could you please recommend a link for dirty datasets that one can exercise cleaning on them?
Hey I got a question would you say that data analytics and data science are similar or way to opposite ?
Was that how you discovered that would were a friggin’ PSYCHOPATH too?! XDDD
How can I get a data scientist job without a bachelor's degree?
are you an ENTP? 🤔 im pretty sure ur at least ENxx
Hi I have experience on data science from the last 3 years. I worked on different projects e.g: recommendation system, data mining, deep learning projects, machine learning projects and some analytical projects. But the problem is that i cannot properly find a work or a proper job. Sometimes I earn through projects but most of the time I didn't earn projects and their is no scope in our country in a field of data science. So I need your help what do I do ? Because already I have given many years to code so what to do next how do I find a proper work ? Thank you
What is the #66DaysOfData: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qV_AlRwhI3I&ab_channel=KenJee
How I would learn data science in 2021: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41Clrh6nv1s&t=1s&ab_channel=KenJee
I Built a Leaderboard for my Subscribers: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myhoWUrSP7o&ab_channel=KenJee
Like seriously?🤣
Like others in the comments section, I too was shocked to see the video's thumbnail, glad it was all in the past and that the experience helped you to amplify your passion in data science. Just as I was wondering if it was whisky, 0:51 okay got it. Just pondering, could the papaya serve as a methaphor? Hmm... The ending was really an attention grabber, looking forward to the sequel!
Thank you for the candid review of your career, Ken. Off-topic question: I noticed in the description you listed the webcam and some other stuff you use. Would you mind letting me know what video recording and editing software you're using? I'm thinking of turning some DS projects into videos and hosting them online for prospective employers. Have a great weekend!
D: What, why? oh, it was just a clickbaity title...
What a surprise at the end of the video 😂
Why is he jacked
2:12 please tell me ken, how do you quickly learn business domain problems after entering the company?
I didn't read the description and gave myself a mini heart attack. My mind went " WHAT? Ken quit? What chance do I have?". I know, I know, over dramatic. Your videos are getting more and more entertaining. Loving them Ken.
The first thing  I said to myself was, what????? you quit???? why?????????
whatttttttt??????
why do you have to put yourself under such pressure!!! 😂😂
I'm currently an undergrad sophomore. I'm majoring math and might minor DS. In this case, do you recommend grad school or bootcamp?
What was your eco class?
Do you need a university degree to be a data science or could one be doing datacamp or 360datascience for example?
Does anyone have any idea how to fix?
One question, do you know where I can get sports data to analyze?
How can we install this nba_api module into the condo environment? I ran !conda install  anaconda nba_api --y but it couldn't find the package
What about boot camp and masters together? 🤔🤔
Thanks very much for your presentation at DATAcated. Could you please share more about that your friend's job application tracking projects? Thanks in advance.
In the 365 Data science course you learn probability first... is this really that important?
Hi ken, I have a professional health science background-very little computer science or math. However currently doing a PhD in which I am building health prediction models which required intermediate level statistics and some programming in R and SPSS. Do you have any advice that could improve my trajectory into a DS role after my PhD?
Hi Ken, Great video but I just started my Github page and I need to add my first project. Do you have a tutorial on how to do that and how to use Github? Once I get my first project added, I can then revisit this video.  Thank you!
About the non-profits what do you recommend is a good way to find them?
hi ken jee! one question for you! about the dummy variables! for example there are 3 categories, so 3 dummy variables would be created for that column, then do we need to remove one dummy variable, because the 3 dummy variables would be linearly dependent with each other?
At 11:25, How did you go from a fully coded screen to just 5 lines of code when the driver path and other things were typed in? After you said, "Let's run this", I have no idea what you did to remove all that code, and just wind up with only 5 lines of code.
Thanks for the video sir. Im currently working on my masters degree in Statistics/Data science. Do you think it is likely I could get a job as a data scientist when I graduate? Or is it more likely i will need to start off as an analyst or something similar? Thanks again!
Did you tried stacked denoising autoencoder in your projects and how did it work out? It is kinda like an automatic unsupervised learning approach that can be fed into a neural network.
1. Which undergraduate studies are possible to be a sports analyst?
2. Can you tell the average salary of sports analyst?
Why master branch?
Can you suggest to me how can I build my profile for a data science masters? What things should I do as I have one year with me?
Wooooo... That model of counting push-up is interesting. As there is a lot to learn in data science field but at the same time due to it's diversity a confusion is there. What are your thoughts about ML, AI, Data Science... Are these different or interconnected or it's just different names to one field???
Hey Ken, I got into Georgetown's MS in Data Science program. Do you think it is a reputable program?
Thank you for your video! Very encouraging to start learning ! What do you think about Coursera courses? I am taking python for AI from IBM now to build my python skills
Is that you telling us choosing data science was a mistake? I’m sure eating that yellow paper was definitely a mistake.  If not enlighten is on the correlation between data science and the eating that yellow pepper because I did not catch it.
I have a question @24:15 after you made some changes for the entire dataset you split the data to train and test so doesn't this cause data leakage?
As a 15 year old sophomore. What are your tips for getting well versed in the field of data science. Im taking ap statistics my junior year so that should help some what, and I will also be taking ap calculus. Do you reccomend a job shadow?
thanks for the awesome video -- from the spyder IDE, is it possible to export any individual data frame as a csv? for example, if i wanted to export gamelog_GSW_df, could I/how would i be able to export that (so I could throw it in a jupyter notebook or something)
Can you suggest to me how can I build my profile for a data science masters? What things should I do as I have one year with me?
Hi Ken, I have 2 small questions regarding my data science journey. I am at the intermediate level in Data Science and have done a couple of projects and have become quite comfortable tackling beginner/intermediate problems, however I feel that my coding skills are very limited to DS, do you think I should learn new skills (ex; web development), or do you think sticking to DS related coding is enough to get me into the industry? My second question is how deep into the math behind the ML algorithms should I go and understand, especially when it comes to more complicated models (and deep learning models). If my goal is to become a business oriented data scientist (and maybe a sports analyst), Is a basic understanding of the math behind models enough ? Thanks for all the hard work
Can anyone help me to set time bound milestone for bioinformatics(datascience with domain knowledge of molecular bio) ?
Can I use a mirror to keep myself watched?
What I learned through this video is to Define your choice, pick tools as per your skills, try to implement different algorithms so it shows be dynamic, most important describe business impact so that I can get opportunities...
What is your opinion on DataCamp? I am trying to find something structured to go through, and this seems like a nice option. What is your opinion? Thank you
Can you please make another video on this, like once we make it live on github page, and now if i want to make some changes and update it on the page, how to do that. It will be a great help if you make a short video of it to help us to learn it. I am working on this portfolio now and love the work till now
The really basics are: Python, SQL, calculus and stathistics?
Hi Ken! I have a question for you if you don't mind, I am starting my first data science project for potential employers now while searching for jobs. Is it okey to create a project that have been created by someone else before or do I have to come up with a new project (a new idea)? Thank you! :)
From Today I'm started to learn data science?
One o=que::::  How to practice coding example more?
Hi Ken, for the project portfolio that you mentioned, has it to be published online?
I have a question apart. I did a dual boot windows/Ubuntu. But i want to switch 100% on ubuntu. Is it possible or i may loose my computer doing that ? (BTW do you have any tutorial for that) ?
I see you use Spyder IDE at about 0:58. The data science stack includes PyCharm and VS Code. Which you do you like best? I am still deciding between Spyder and VS Code.
What does your rich friend do for a living please?
When you use very noisy and misleading feature
Thank you so much for the helpful content. Just a quick question. For a beginner in Data Science and just knowing basic programming tools and a little stat, do you think it’s better to learning a little more or start building a project as soon as possible?
This may be unrelated to the video but I would like to know your opinion best resources to get interview practice for data science Jobs. Specifically the technical portion. I've looked at hackerrank leetcode etc. But I feel that those are more directed for full stack developers? Any feedback would help.
Question of the day: Did the T-Rex head lamp move (0:39 & 11:40), or does Ken have two of them?
HAHA, Can I am doing certification. Can you suggest me data science project for beginners?
hahaha this is great! When the heat kicks in https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtqQYqRNDGI&t=41s - Do I hear a challenge for @ForrestKnight and @KeithGalli ?
Next video: Cool topics ... (Ken eats ice/ice cream while explaining?)
which at the end says invalid syntax
is there any opportunites for sports analytics in Australia?
How can I install glassdoor scraper?
If I want to land a NFL job in player analysis?
Which path I should pursue?
Solid analysis! I wanted to do a similar video like this but don't have enough data to work with yet. Thanks for the tips on post time, I wonder if posting on Monday is unique to your channel or it applies to other channels as well?
Do you guys recommend any math?
- How I can find metrics for some sports that not have a deep study, just checking variables and play with them?
- Do you recommend a way to approach (course, book) how to find those metrics?
What set you apart from the others?
I have no idea about phyton and R. How many month it takes to learn?
Hi Ken, i want to jump into data science field. My Way to pursue into Data Science field with enroll with 365 Career in udemy course. After i finished with this, i will continue with enroll more courses related with ML and DL. DO you have any comments or inputs for me? Thanks
Hi Ken, i studied civil engineering for my undergrad studies, im learning python at the moment (a complete beginner), i studied basic statistics and some calculus in the engineering school and im thinking of transitioning to data science, would you recommend me taking MS in Data Science or Computer Science? Or any advice at all? Bcs the only programming skills experience that i had back in my undergrad studies was only fortran a bit and im still getting my way around Python.
Its okay if I study economics and then I do a master in Performance Analysis?
What do you think?
How do we use kaggle to practice? From what I saw it was just numerous sets of dats that we can use but how do we even go about using it?
Do u suggest going in the field?
I am sorry, 256G of hard drive for data science ?  I really think you should do a few data science projects before you start recommending these specs.  256G even for a regular system might not be enough (even considering the fact that lot of data is stored in cloud).  For data science you should be looking at TBs of hard drive space.
Hi, Is it necessary to learn Java or C++ before learning Pythpn?  Because sometimes using python we can not learn some programming concepts in deep.
Hi! Is it ok to use pip in anaconda prompt?
How many times did Ken adjust his glasses? LOL
I mean,  you already said he thinks you're soft,  now this? Man's hard to please. 🤣
The one thing? Maybe eliminate distractions so I can focus on learning what I need to in order to develop this skill to an employable level......I don't focus long enough and forget very easily
Also I have a small reques for you if possible... I can see some books are there on your table... Can you share which books you read other than data science or any book which you would like to suggest to us?
Leaderboard Project - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myhoWUrSP7o&ab_channel=KenJee
My Pillars for success - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf3j0lWmFPU&ab_channel=KenJee
Hey man, just came across you and really enjoyed and learned a lot from you! I'm someone who finished 2 years of college, finished all my general classes in a communications. However I just didn't see the value of finishing school at the time and went into Real Estate and has been great. However my passion is soccer analytics. I have a blog where I post all my visuals of my data analytics and it's picked up great traction! However I want to do data analytics for soccer full time but I don't know what the best route is. Either go back to school and get analytics degree or taking an online course/certification for all the soccer analytic knowledge I need. Any insight or advice for what route is better?
"what do you mean I can't do this with a jupyter notebook?" 😂
and if I used the data given in titanic project and build some prediction but without using ML, would that be right?
Hey, Ken. Great video and thanks a lot for sharing! I currently have a bachelor's in accounting and been thinking of going back to uni to get a degree in computer science. Would you recommend this or just stick to (free) online resources eg. Kaggle? Or both?
Can I make a suggestion? Take your lunch time and do a little walk after. You will feel different and maybe more (more????) productive je je. You rock 🎸🎸#66daysofdata
What is the minimum skill to get intothis project? Python, Numpy, pandas, matplotlib all done. Am i good to go to this? Or need more skill like ML?
Is it advisable to do masters on mathematics in data science or data engineering and analytics.Which is the best?
Hey Ken!! Thanks for this great video. I am in a dilemma. I am doing my undergrads (2nd year) on Computer Science and I am really interested in data Science. I have started my journey towards it and almost there to do my own projects (Started doing projects on Kaggle). I have work placement on 3rd year. By then I hope to have some projects done on my own. But I doubt companies hire an undergrad for data science role. I have heard that they prefer master's student. What's your say in this? I don't want to change my career path now.
The last question could be understood as if you were fishing for feedback, hence might indicate lack of confidence or even a lack of understanding to the position you are interviewing for. After all, you have supposedly done your homework and established a strong link between your knowledge, set of skills and the open position, the company's vision, goals, etc. In other words, how would you add value to the company if you still do not understand how your skills and expertise align with their expectations? As an interviewer, I'd view that question in a negative light. But there are ways around it and you can still get that sort of feedback indirectly. Apart from that, great video and great tips from you as always. Keep it up.
#16: How complex could by find a StartUp to join? Seems more insightful and interesting to start, before the corporate one, maybe that leads to choosing wisely the path to follow in DS. #66daysofdata
for your video. I have a question maybe you could help me with. Why did you assume/make the variables age and fair price as categorical instead of continous?
Is there a way to append new game logs into a database after they are played for a specific player?
I am wondering, how does the intuition we build about the data inform how we set up the models?
Hi Ken, I am regularly watching your channel now and thanks for lots of great videos. I have recently declared double major on DS. And, my  current fear is that I have encountered lots of data scientists saying that ds requires solid understanding in math. I have already took Calc 1 and 2. However, it was a while ago, so i believe i need to restudy them. And, I still need to take a stats course and linear algebra. So, im currently wondering how strong of math do I need to know if I want to go into the field? Or, how in depth do i need to know of math? For ex, would I need just basic understanding of calculus, stats and linear algebra. Or, do I need to know them solidly by knowing good enough to take “honors” or “higher” courses in that I can implement them however I want and solve bunch of Olympiad level questions?
Also, would it be okay for me to learn math through online courses or books to acquire skills, or do I need to take courses from a college in order to show that I have taken courses?
For the cleaning, can I use Excel as well and then save as .CSV and load back into the   code?
Hi im curious about the code list(dict.fromkeys([i.split('_')[0] for i in df_fin.columns])). Why does for question 7 for example has only one in the list where it has like 12 parts. If you split it should not it be Q7, Q7, Q7, Q7....repeated 12 times. Is it because in dictionary you cannot have duplicated keys?
Awsome Ken.... You really gave so much effort . Love it. Please at the end, could you make an extra video for github uploading as well ? Last time, I got lost on that step. Love it love it :)
I have an economics background but no professional technical experience. Based on the video, it sounds like you'd recommend a masters degree over a bootcamp. I'm wondering your take on why a bootcamp may not be sufficient in getting a data science or analytics job? Not much of a portfolio here, but is that not something you can build out when doing a bootcamp?
Volunteer work where in America is that?
hey, I'm 15 years old and planning to do data science with 0 knowledge in programming, what courses would you advice I include for grade 11 and 12? thanks!
What a fantastic and interactive way to increase engagement!
I want to ask one question so this part of series where I get struck because I don't understand it so is it okay that I like follow step by step this video do that ...I mean I still did a project but literally must have copied this thing so I am not sure what's your point view on this?🥺😅
please can you make a video on git bash and how to connect it to GitHub?
Thanks for your content and information. Do you think there is potential in this triathlon sport data analysis?
were you a rower? heard you say "steady-state" drive and threw me for a loop lol
Leaderboard for my subscribers: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myhoWUrSP7o&ab_channel=KenJee
Beginner kaggle walk through: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3FBJdiExcg&ab_channel=KenJee
What about linux or macos or windows? It would be amazing to make video adv and disadv of them in data science:)
How come you are using linear models but did not scale the data? Or did I miss that? Also this gave me a ton of ideas. One would be definitely to do a feature selection after one hot encoding and see if the explained variance improves?
I’m a recent college graduate with my CIS degree and I think I want to go into sport analytics. But I’m no longer in college how where do I start? I can’t get internships and they won’t hire me without experience
Is it possible to begin a career in sport analytics with a cis degree?
Hey, you are a youtuber who involve and interact with audience with great interest and in a very humble way... I am really grateful that I can sometimes ask some doubt to you here... Do you have any telegram group or anything where we can put our queries or discuss about our projects?
the process stops at: "Progress: 0/15". No error message whatsoever. :/ Anybody has an idea why?
what advice would you give to a 16 year old thats still in highschool and already knows several programming languages
Is there any age eligibility to study data science?
Can I mention 1 data science bootcamp that is good? thanks
I've always had this question on how to approach a solved notebook? Should I code open the notebooks side by side and type in one by one or should I go over the solved one and then try to understand. I always wondered how others might be doing or which is the best approach (if any)! So, how would have approached if that was a video lecture where the solution walkthrough is done? Any suggestions, Ken? And, thanks a ton for creating such nuggets of videos, really helpful for beginners like me. Even the comments sections in your videos are insightful.
Hi Ken, I am trying to use your scraper, but it is not scraping, it just shows "x out worked Progress: 0/15" and that is it. Do I have to download something else? Im a beginner!
Hi Ken, I was graduated with a Finance bachelor's degree two years ago and I'm working at a bank right now. I want to move into a data analyst role, but I'm confused about how to get started. All the data science master degrees would require a mathematics or computer science undergraduate as a pre-requirement, so is it a certificate or bootcamp that would be more suitable for me? I'm studying online courses with 365 data now, but what would be my next step? Thank you so very much!!
Should you learn R? No, because you already know it.
@Ken Jee I have one question on this... Even if someone have good knowledge and some experience but companies give different role instead of what we want so what to do in that case?
why nothing happened? is this not working right now?
I have a BS in Mathematics. What do you think is better to break in the data science field: a MS in Applied Science or a MS in Data Science?
Which one do you prefer in case of self learning or learning from someone else?
How can we find some freelance projects of data science?
Can you please make a video or share little bit about how do you used the data science for your golf game?
How do you maintain notes during learning or building projects of data science? I think video or audio recording works better for me....
The steps are really helpful for me but I have one doubt about How to check whether my system or laptop will be compatible for a specific project? When I start doing project I invest more amount of time in doing installation and facing hardware comparability issues......
You have provided us with very good resources... thank you for that... Ken can you make a video on how to check a feasibility of a any data science project? Actually I tried one project in my college days but initially I thought it will be easy but when I got deeper it was really hard for me to complete and faced many difficulties....
Well made video. Also ..What do you think about the future of Data Science, analytics , Machine Learning  ?
I've tried using the link that you showed us to download kaggle data sets but I still can't get it to be copied in the .kaggle folder that was made. I'm using Anaconda and am relatively new. Do you have any suggestions?
Hello,Ken! Is anaconda good for beginners? Thank you!
I mostly work on just querying, data manipulation and software engineering . Is it actually Data Science? How can I build on this to become a Data Scientist? Thank you for helping everyone!
Ken , what do you think about Tensorflow?
I use a macbook and have been stuck with issues (modulenotfound and PIL errors) since a week. I've literally followed every single stackoverflow and github issue thread but nothing seems to work. Does tf, in general, doesnt work on MacOS?
Maybe you could review some good kernels from beginner to expert level as a finishing video for this series?
Hey what you think about the tool “ Orange” for data mining  or Rapid miner. What free tool other than coding can I use?
Could you please make a video for master thesis in data science. As a masters student in my final semester I am struggling to find a topic. I got some idea how to go about but it would be great if you dedicate a video and also please explain  some of the areas for research.
Hey Ken! I have a question. For internship applications, how complex do the portfolio projects on my resume need to be? For example, there are some datasets (like Kaggle's Titanic) in which I could create a pretty accurate regression model in just a few lines of code, but that obviously doesn't seem like enough to include in a portfolio.
Further, if I'm taking an online machine learning course, and there are 'projects' given but solutions to those projects given as well, I'm assuming that those projects wouldn't be wise to include in a portfolio?
Hey, I came across your channel and I have a question.  I'm currently a junior in high school and I've been intrigued by data science for a while and want to study it in college.  As a result, I've been taking courses like AP  Computer science A ( in java),  AP Stats, and AP calc AB. But what do you suggest I should do or best prepare for an undergraduate degree in data science?
#6: The roles seem to haven't changed in the last years. Do you know if there is something out there where you answer those expectations and backgrounds to get insight into the more likely role to try?  #66daysofdata
I have a python question: why does the line at 8:55 'qnums = list(dict.fromkeys([.....]))' work?  Shouldn't 'dict.fromkeys' only work for tuples not lists?
Hey Ken! I'm currently a high school senior and I plan on majoring in data science in college. I've taken all the required math along with calc ab and currently im taking stats. Should I focus more on math or should I learn to code?
I'm really behind in Math and have only done maths up to high school algebra. Is it still possible to learn programming/statistics and data science?. I thinking of teaching myself maths but don't know which topic/s to focus on.
What projects do you recommend Data Analysts to do? & is there a website I can use to build these projects?
hey Ken, what is your take on data quest?
So for the first 6 questions (not including the country question) I converted the data types to Categorical and set the order I wanted them within that step. It made it so that the plots I made were in in that order without any additional code in the plotting step. Do you think that would cause any issues down the road with other parts of the process?
Is it recommended that I finish my degree in something on the business side such as finance, learn SQL/python/stats and try to land a BI role?
Or should I go ahead and pursue a science degree such as a bachelor's of science in CS?
*Roadmap to learn data science from scratch?*
What is 66 days of data? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qV_AlRwhI3I&t=6s&ab_channel=KenJee
Project from scratch: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2zq7klxX5ASFejJj80ob9ZAnBHdz5O1t
Titanic Kaggle Project: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3FBJdiExcg&ab_channel=KenJee
Awesome! That advanced graph is so cool. Should I start learning plotly and stop using matplotlib and seaborn?
My question is, would it be better to build my own curriculum through Coursera or take the Data 365 course? We are in our 3rd lockdown here in the UK and I have a 3 year old son, so trying to figure out what is the best (and most cost effective!) way to learn. Thank you if you have read this far!
Do you think it's somewhere you can get without college?
Does anyone know how to resize the images? Like in the about section, I cannot change the image size using style or width properties of the figure tag? Perhaps there is a default set which is overriding it. I looked in the .css files although could not find it.
what should I do then regarding analyzing the age? can I still depend on Age and see how Salary changes as a company gets older ?
or this means that there is under representation of the old companies in the data set and I can't draw any conclusions from the Age variable w.r.t the no. of job postings and Salary?
Hi Ken! I’m a recent college grad who majored in math at dartmouth, and have been working as a business intelligence engineer for a retail company’s e-commerce team. I’m supposed to start a part-time masters in applied math from johns hopkins in a couple weeks, but am thinking maybe I should do a masters in computer science instead? Thanks, I’d appreciate your opinion!!
In my country a prestigious uni has created the Data Science(undergraduate) career. Do you think that this path is worth it? The curricular courses are pretty interesting. But I don't know.
How I can do that ?
How can we add images side by side in horizontal manner. More specifically I want two images in single in my project.
Can we apply linear regression on titanic project?
You still replying?
is it good option to learn statistics before python ??
is it good option to learn statistics  theory before python or both can go hand in hand ???
Hello, I just finished my Second BA in statistics( the other being economics). I’m considering a master in “statistical theory and machine learning”. Would this be a good fit for someone looking to get into the data science field ?
can you please make a detailed tutorial on how to deploy the model using different methods (can make a playlist)
2:49 is that your parents?
Should I start learning Data Science or learn more in depth about languages??
Is there already video about your workspace, Ken Jee?!
Where do you find these expected values or the bench mark? Like just from PGA your stats? Trying to figure out how I can calculate my own Strokes gained at my home club.
This video is so informative, thank you for sharing! I was wondering, what's the best format to upload projects on LinkedIn? Would you create posts or add them to experience?
Can a student pursuing masters in business analytics make career as an sports analyst in football?
Is pursuing a masters a good idea given that I do not currently have a diploma that local employers would recognize?
How much does the prestige of the university matter for professional outcome?
What is, in your opinion, best for professional outcome? An online but more prestigious degree or an on site but less prestigious degree? In Brazil there is prejudice against online learning.
What are your thoughts on University of Illinois at Chicago and Illinois Institute of Technology in general, but also regarding their Business Analytics and Data Science masters ?
Given that I have what I believe could be considered a "technical background" what do you believe would be important in a masters in data science? Hard or soft skills?
How was your experience at DePaul? Quality of classes and professional outcome wise.
My biggest hurtle seems to be the degree.  TL;DR - Due to the Department of Veteran Affairs, I effectively can no longer get a Bachelor’s in the U.S. (without first having tens of thousands, and at that point I could transfer my first 109 credits), so I’ve been learning a lot of the math on the side.  Programming I’ve been doing since I was a child, but I’ve still a lot to learn to become a data scientist in other aspects.  Anyone who may know, I’m intrigued, in your experience, approximately what percentage of data scientists do you know who hold no degree?  I imagine not a lot.  But then again, I’d finish my degree if I could, too.  🤷🏻‍♂️
Hi. Do you do one to one consults?
Thanks for breaking this down for everyone! One thing that caught my attention is about the sad truth - so technically you can find viral videos and basically duplicate them with same tags and it works?!
Thanks for posting this! A question; do you happen to have a similar video/method for projecting player ownership within a dfs contest?
Nice video! Can you please make more videos like this one?
how good is it, what are pros and cons of this change?
My Channel Leaderboard Project: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myhoWUrSP7o&ab_channel=KenJee
Beginner Titanic Kaggle Walkthrough: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3FBJdiExcg&ab_channel=KenJee
Project From Scratch Series: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpF9HENQjDo&list=PL2zq7klxX5ASFejJj80ob9ZAnBHdz5O1t&ab_channel=KenJee
What about SQL do you think it is very important to have an extant skills on it?
Hi Ken! GREAT video! I'm struggling to escape tutorial hell, any tips? I learnt pandas and regression recently but I'm still getting stuck with cleaning the data and feature engineering.
This was a great video! I am a college student that plans to pursue a career in biology/ecology research and we use a lot of R lol. I think the steps you outlined in this video are a great way to get familiar with data science for research applications! Do you have any advice for learning basic data science for bio?
Sir , as of now , is it necessary for a degree in data science ? Or being self taught and having degree isn't much different ?
Hi Ken, can you please discuss how to structure a Clustering project? I just finished some classification and regression projects but I have no idea what to do for clustering. I can't find many resources online explaining clustering algorithms in a way that makes sense to me.
Hi! Super newb question here for Ken Jee or anyone who cares to weigh in. :) I don't see a "Join Competition" button on this particular comp. Instead, it says to complete the Submission Form in order to participate. Is this normal and why is this happening? (Yes I'm signed in on Kaggle, and I see join buttons on other active comps.)
Amazing start of the year Ken. I was wondering about your masterpiece playlist: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2zq7klxX5ASFejJj80ob9ZAnBHdz5O1t. Aren't you gonna do a similar full project on a different topic/dataset?
Can I ask you just one thing: In your opinion is better to improve machine learning knowledge first and after move on deep learning, or study them together?
great content man! what masters would you choose to pursue in data science? would you say machine learning?
Will you do a full tutorial on this? I think this project might be even a bit easier than titanic.
Thanks as always. what music are you using at 4:07?
Question: do you have to use D3.js in your daily work?
I am going to start master's data science course in coming September, in Cardiff University.  I think it has good modules at a decent fee. Do you think my decision is correct? Because there is still time left to amend the decision.
Ken, i'm going through this entire project with you:) As selenium goes through the glass door website i get the error after a few cases saying ElementNotInteractableException ... i have added this error to the webscraper.py and like the other errors added pass but the error is reoccurring....can i get some advice?
Can you also give us a walk-through video on how to provide a multi-lingual mode to this Ananke github page, please? There is no solid instruction video on how to make a github page support multi-lingual mode!!
How to join the 365 learning community you mentioned?
Can you only use this API in Python? Or can you use other languages like Java too?
would pure math be better in long term for data science than stats?
Reviewing the processing code that others have written has exposed a significant issue. Whether the original dataset is already in a "sanitized" state or in need of cleaning, reorganization, or transformation a lot of the existing "notebooks" show there is little to no evidence of getting to know and understand the data before these examples jump to the exploratory data analysis stage. This boils down to blindly accepting the dataset without question. Is the data accurate? What is the source of the underlying data?
Perhaps an over reliance on so-called curated or well-known datasets is the underlying cause of this phenomenon. Some people, including instructors, claim the exploratory data analysis stage is when you learn about the dataset. In my opinion and based on experience, the exploratory data analysis stage is supposed to be time evaluate whether the data is suitable for the particular question(s) that instigated the project. Prior to EDA is the time to understand the raw data itself but not whether it can potentially answer those questions. The rush to model building exposes another serious deficiency in the way data science of taught - is the goal of the project to explain historical data or predict future outcomes when presented with new data - is the data skewed or is it relatively normally distributed or should the data be normalized or weighted - is  a model necessary?
The curated datasets have a place in learning data science. However, too often they instill lemming-like cookie-cutter behaviour. Use these datasets to learn a concept but avoid making them part of a portfolio or treating them as a best practise for real projects. If you want to use them to document your data science learning journey that is fine but at least be creative in the way such datasets are presented - consider demonstrating how a seemingly obvious but incorrect/inappropriate machine learning technique can lead to useless, if not erroneous, conclusions and/or models, and state the reason(s) this technique is inappropriate; consider something other than Python and R to process the data, maybe SQL is adequate; consider integrating other data sources so what-if scenarios can be performed, ideally interactively by end-users. For example, what if data about iceberg flows and the route of the HMS Titanic were added to the model, could the collision have been avoided while still reaching New York City in record time? This might require simulated data based on historical data or modelled using knowledge of ocean currents, fluid dynamics, iceberg and ice fields formation and physical characteristics, weather conditions, etc.
Is it recommend to code all the machine learning algorithms from scratch so that I can learn math behind it or just understand and start to code?
would you recommend going to school for being sports analytics?
Hey ken , I am a 3rd year computer science undergraduate student. And over these years i have taught my self some of the foundations of Data Science. And I was thinking of doing  a masters in data science . But i checked the syllabus of most of the data science Masters and i found out that i have the foundations of most of those courses. So i was thinking if it's the right masters for me?
I'm also keeping an option to do Masters in AI. Since most of data science and AI courses are same . But i think that AI is more Advanced. So please can you guide me?
In your position have you had people apply and you do an interview and they mention your youtube channel? That would be awesome!
Im taking pictures with hot girls and posting it with only the hashtag #66daysofdatascience for the traction!!!!!! Maybe I do some A B testing????
Do you think a software engineering internship looks good for data scientist?
I am looking forward to it. I am little confused about how Big Data and Data Science are related. Is Data Science for Big Data different than normal Data Science?
Hi Ken, thanks always for these awesome videos. I'm a working professional wanting to break into the data science field. I can quite comfortably use machine learning Python libraries (numpy, pandas, seaborn, sklearn, etc) and have done some projects on my own. But after trying some coding interview questions on prep sites (Algoexpert, LeetCode), I feel a bit defeated. I want to hear from you if those coding interview questions are designed specifically to test software engineer candidates and what level of expertise in programming is required/expected from data analyst/scientist candidates vs. software engineers?
is data science the only major the would be applicable for sports analytics? i’m studying applied mathematics and recently have been interested in sports analytics. do you think that would translate?
Pretty impact full project right?
Thank you Ken for the detailed overview! I was wondering how Alexander embedded his project into the webpage? I saw your video on creating a Github Pages portfolio (led by Chanin the Data Professor) and I thought the way he integrated his project there is quite cool.
What is the reason you are picking the alpha with max(error) should we not be minimizing this?
Ken, What books are you reading?
Can you recommend any good course for calculus? something that starts from the basics?
Sir...in data science is the best language ?
How to start the career in data science
where should i start if i want to start from the basics?
How about SAS for data analysis?
Hi Ken. I just opened up my course work for my master's program in Data Science from the University of Denver and I am on red alert! The bridge math courses are so intense that I feel like I may be in over my head. The calculus bridge course essentially covers calculus from limits all the way up to multivariate calculus and beyond (4 to 5 calculus courses) in a span of 10 weeks! Their discrete math and linear algebra combine these two disciplines as well. I may switch to Eastern University's program which is much less math intensive and can be completed in 10 months. Do you think companies will really care where I get my degree from? I enjoy math, but not at such a pace that I will have difficulty retaining any of it. The fact that I end up spending over 95% of my time using outside resources to even begin to understand how to do the homework assignments leads me to believe this may not be a very well structured program and that I might as well drop this master's program and switch to a different one.
- Will I be able to land a job after finishing the program? since the university isn't well recognized or hiring relies on sharpened skills?
- Does the curriculum cover the needed practical knowledge on the job?
- What are the areas/topics that you see important and are not listed in the curriculum?
Hi ken, Im new with python. how to instal twitter scraper? when I pip install twitterscraper, the result "syntax error: invalid syntax"
Thanks Ken! I’m 53 and am currently a data analyst with mostly DB skills. We merged into a hospital system and I need updated analytics skills. I’ll have a job. Just need the best skills. What do you recommend in my case?
What should I study for college, I want to be a sports analytics because I love soccer and everyone says follow what you love and that’s what I love watching soccer I would love to be a analytics on tv analyzing but I also want to be a satician the person who gets stats and spreads the word what should I study
Hello Ken!! First of all congratulations for your youtube channel and thank you for this video. I would like to ask your opinion about a 24 months Data Science Masters(Colorado Boulder). I am coming from a non programming/ maths field however I am interested in Data Science. You think that I will be able to prepare  myself in 5 months for this program?
Hey there, I am intersted in becomming a sports analyst or a sports broadcater. I am heavily immersed in sports now, and I am considering in majoring in journalism, mass commuications, public relations, etc. Are there any other majors you recommend? thx :) and happy holidays and stay safe.
Has it to be some advanced concepts in machine learning or we can begin with some basic libraries as well and continue it up for next 66 days? As I am a beginner in the field of data science?
well, what's the difference between data scientist and machine learning engineer or researcher?
Hello Ken, I have a MSc in statistics and would like to move into data science. I recently did a 3 months bootcamp in data science in Paris but the courses were not very good and were not enough in-depthed. I am thinking about doing a master in that field. What do you think would be better suited for me, to do a master in data science, computer science with AI specialization or a master in artificial intelligence? I will probably do it online and I don't want to make any mistake in the master I will choose given the financial cost.
That's interesting! Can someone who is only starting in DS field join?
I was originally going to do a sustained period of learning until I land a job opportunity and probably even after that. I am definitely joining. Is it not for people learning data analytics in particular though?
Which level of programming should I attain to be data scientist?
¿Do I need to be expert in coding / programing?
Y did u move to hawaii do u like it there?  Are u asian?
hey ken I want to learn data science with you but I m a bit confused about how exactly this works. will you give us a task every day or we need to take the task by ourselves? it would be a great help if you put some insight on this.
I have a question regarding online certificates from organisations, such us Coursera or even Datacamp. How are those certificates viewed by employers?
Happy holidays Ken ! So if someone wanted to give you a present on New Year's Eve, he's expected to give another one four days later :3 Has this ever happened to u Hahah ?
Hi Ken, this is Chaitanya here from. India. First of all thanks for the videos & suggestions. I just saw ur video explaining ur suggestions on things to consider for before joining the degree course or institute. Not sure i  can ask a question in this forum, but asking anyways out of curiosity by taking a leaf out of your 7 things explained here. I am Planning to join a course in coming jan 2021 so can i send u the curriculum & seek ur inputs on how good, useful it is? If yes how can i contact u for that? I am sorry if u feel that it is wrong question or in wrong forum
But as a beginner in machine learning (scikit-learn) which book is best?
when is the merch released?
I intend on studying hard to acquire strong coding skills (SQL, Python, and R) and becoming an entry level data analyst by the first half of 2021. Can? I sure hope so.
Hello Ken, this isn’t really related to this video but I was wondering how much your college GPA matters to getting your first data science job or internship? Could having done your own projects or having a good amount of work experience help offset a lower GPA? I would love some input from a person who is actually in the field.
Any chance you sell a simulation software like this? Or is there somewhere I could download it? Very interested!
Very helpful.. I have a PhD in systems science and industrial engineering and I'm familiar with all data science/coding topics. But I'm struggling with finding jobs I feel I need to strengthen my skills. What do you think?
When scraping the 600th job there is no progress in scraping anymore and when I look into chrome I see a reload button and when I click it by myself then a "StaleElementReferenceException: stale element reference: element is not attached to the page document" Error is thrown. But before clicking myself at the reload button, there is no error thrown nor progress anymore. Does anybody knows a solution to that problem?
can anyone just guide me on how can I rectify it it will be really grateful
Has anyone tried to do this recently? I keep getting the error: "name 'ImageDataBunch' is not defined" and I think it's because there is a new version of fastai that no longer uses ImageDataBunch.  Any help would be greatly appreciated, I can't find an alternate solution anywhere.
Please do a review of the DataCamp platform 👉 https://www.datacamp.com/?tap_a=5644-dce66f&tap_s=1206921-4510a7&utm_medium=affiliate&utm_source=wesleygrava
-Hello, Ken, Thank you so much for your tutorial! Still, I have a problem, would you mind taking a quick loo? I can run my feature image while other images in the body do not work. Do you know what causes this problem?- After redo all the things, it works. And I don't know why, as I can set the feature image and static image using the same one. Please have a look at my portfolio,  https://alanspace.github.io/Alan_Portfolio_advanced/
How to join 66 days of data science
1. In my country, There is no such thing as data science course in our universities. What courses should I take for data science? Shoud I take math, statistics or CS? and do I need to take Master's Degree?
2. Did you learn DS or ML first? or both at the same time?
3. and Is it possible for me to learn it myself(with help of online resources)?
I've been learning Python for DS for 6 months now using Youtube tutorials and most recently DataCamp. I already have good statistics background and will be taking soon a nice statistics course on Udacity. I think it is a good moment to get my hands dirty with projects, but I've had a hard time finding some. Where do I get DS projects for beginners?
Hi Ken! I just noticed that the annual subscription to 365datascience with 47% off require a promotional code or the link is not working properly. Do you have that code?
what next we can aspect from Ken Jee
I have many ideas for DS projects, but they all need some more research (some including IP & compliance research - hey, I used to work as something like a ISO/FDA compliance officer for a while, I kinda like this stuff? I certainly don't mind it... I found some courses on Coursera about those topics... I am not ruling out taking those courses in 2021. Engineers that are willing to get involved with those topics are rare, so familiarity with such issues can be very valuable to employer... it is just an idea at this point, no decisions have been made).
I am looking forward to the new 66 Days of Data (why 66? why not 69? ;) or any other number?)
Actually I don’t understand the #66days of data, do we share our progression like everyday but each one on his own or what? If there’s a video like describing it more then can anyone refer it to me.
What an amazing initiative Ken - #66daysofdata is an absolute success!!!
Hi Ken Jee nice video.. valuable contents!.Do you think it's a good choice to go for a 10months online master in Data science?
Have u by chance heard anything about sports analytic jobs in soccer?
Thank you so much for this insightful video. Is that discord channel open to everyone?
Hey! What 3x3 do you have?
Is the Tensorflow Developer Certificate worth it?
Hey Ken, do you have good resources for web scraping in Python to get started on projects?
Was a Data Science Kamehameha in the thumbnail?!
Where can I find the discord server of 66 days of data science?
Hey, I'm a first year Undergraduate Data Science student. I'm having a little trouble keeping up with all my colleagues that have already learned to program during their school years. (We had a choice between computers and biology, I was a bio student) Any tips?
My previous video on the topic: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OZip0cgOho&ab_channel=KenJee
What is the #66DaysOfData: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qV_AlRwhI3I&ab_channel=KenJee
My Data Science Beginner's Playlist: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2zq7klxX5ATMsmyRazei7ZXkP1GHt-vs
at what point do u stop and say ok i ''''know''''' programming ?
anybody here share my viewpoint?
am i too much?to little?
Love your videos, speaking from Brazil. I'm looking for an MBA in Data Science so I can work in the area, is there any different comments on MBA instead of MS? I want to study a Public Administration MS to study open data and smart cities. So in my head it is a good deal.
I understand programming (Full Stack web Development), but for Data Science is it worth getting a Masters or should I learn this skill by my self?  I don’t have a STEM degree, but a BA in psych
I am working on a project, which I need to recommend slow moving products with fast moving products. It will help to reduce the long tail of the sales distribution. Any recommendations for my approach should I get?
Could you make a video on how to start a sports blog? Or maybe drop me some advice on good websites to start on? I want to create a sports analytics blog to share code and talk through projects of mine.
Analysis and comparison on Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant, and Lebron James. Who was the best player of all time?
What was your first programming language and How long it took you to learn that?
hi how do I get the current days box scores? Trying to use leaguegamefinder and using todays date as the values for date_from/to_nullable but can't get it to work
Hey I have a Bachelors in Mathematics and I was lookin got take a Data science bootcamp , would you say that my quantitative background along with the projects I would make from my bootcamp would help myself look appealing to some employers ?
I am doing undergrad in Civil engineering. Is there any way i can switch to Data Science ??
Do you think smaller projects like these could be fine for an internship resume's?
Hey Ken, I'm a second-year Data Sci student and I enjoyed your vid. Youtube recommended me this but I wish it had sooner as it had quite a few things I wish I'd done before I started! Although I was wondering if you could show us what the k-means graph would look like at 1:34? Anyway, great vid and keep doing what you're doing.
Where did you get it from?😂
@Ken Jee: What is the time horizon for these 3 steps?
Hello sir can we take data science course in Computer sciemce in masters??
Hi Ken, do you hold any data analytics club?
I missed it smh. If you start making more as a youtube than a data scienctist and it start taking more time, what are you going to decide to do youtube full time or half yt half ds?
How is AppliedAI course by Srikanth Verma?
hlo ken, is there any course or playlist in which u have implemented this project from scratch? .. actually i want to learn this to make my CV more impressive :)
How do I decide which project to pick?
I have a laptop that I uninstalled windows 10 from and installed Ubuntu,  is the data science stack available for a single download or is that something to do a download for each program?
Great project! Wouldn’t it be better to have the Engagement Points formula like this =Comment Replies + Comment Likes - Num of Comments, so that only comments that get likes (i.e are useful for others) or create engagement (through replies) give you points? This would completely remove the option of getting EP through mass commenting. Just food for thought. Otherwise love the project and love your channel!
Is there any reason you didn’t Start out with Pandas Profiling just to take a quick scan of the data?
sir are data structure and algorithm asked in data science jobs?
heyy nice video! i have a question, what technique do you use to scrapp data from the comment section of your videos???  i love your channel by the way
What is your opinion on those of us with 20 years of software engineering backgrounds learning ML as a compliment to our careers. Specifically,  the job prospects aspect for folks in that position?
Love those goals! any luck on those Real Estate investments?
Hi Ken, who should be the one that merges the pull request? The person who made the pull quest or the person who reviewed the code?
I am from India and i am currently in class 12th. Now i have this very big doubt on weather i should take B.Tec in CSE or AI. I want to persue my career in AI and i will doing till PhD. What my parents thinks that i should take CSE for B.Tec, coz if i don't like AI then i would not be left with more options, and what my side is, that i just love AI, like i literally love it. So nowaday there are some colleges which offer a B.Tec course in AI. So i have compared the curriculums of Both AI and CSE and what i found is if yoh are clear that you want to do AI then definitely you should take AI in B.Tec. So i have this confusion of what to do in my B.Tec, can you please help me through this. It would be really a great help to me. My only consern is that if i take CSE then the topics like ML, AI, digital fabrication, AI and Humanity, DBMS, Computer networks, robotics, etc. I will miss this all as strong base, as direct in master i will be having less time, if i opt for AI then i have a preety good amount of time, and other side it's a wide spectrum open to me if i take CSE, so this is what my prospective is so what should i choose?
How can I get all these into my head 😟
Thanks, Ken for the great content! Would an online master's degree be something to consider? I'm interested in a new program being offered by the University of colorado boulder: https://www.colorado.edu/program/data-science/online-overview Any thoughts or suggestions?
Hey Ken! New to your channel. Totally impressed with the content you put out. Could really use your suggestions on this path I'm considering. https://www.dataquest.io is an interactive platform to master data science & having tried it,(free trial) felt like an engaging way to learn. They're offering the annual subscription for abt $400. I'm a complete newbie to this with a background in sales & a bachelor's in commerce. You recommend signing up?
Can you get us a discount code in the future maybe?
Have you ever used/owned a Macbook Pro? Just curious to hear your thoughts on how this compares with one of those. Great video as always.
Is there anywhere I can find the Kaggle web conference you gave with Nvidia? I didn't get a chance to watch it at work.
Leaderboard -  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myhoWUrSP7o&ab_channel=KenJee
How the YouTube Algorithm Works from a Data Science Perspective: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbTMIxjk4hI&t=1s&ab_channel=KenJee
Is there a way to see the score of a particular user, even if they are not in the top? (yeah, I want to know where I am haha)
My only consern is that if i take CSE then the topics like ML, AI, digital fabrication, AI and Humanity, DBMS, Computer networks, robotics, etc. I will miss this all as strong base, as direct in master i will be having less time, if i opt for AI then i have a preety good amount of time, and other side it's a wide spectrum open to me if i take CSE, so this is what my prospective is so what should i choose?
This is awesome! Even though I barely understood a word of how you built this.. I'm definitely someone who's hesitant to engage in the comments (but look at me now?) Looking forward to your future videos.
How were the render times on the Z hardware compared to your personal hardware?
@Ken Jee what do you think about Data Science master's program offered by big universities like the one given by UMICH at Coursera? Will they be a waste of time or will they greatly help enter the data science industry ?
7:09, nice mouse where can I get one ?
What are the exact model n specifications?
When you say probability theory, what level are we talking about? Like the "probability theory" class at my school is calculus based and requires us to have taken Multivariable calculus beforehand. Meanwhile I know a lot of concepts in probability theory can be taught to some extent without difficult calculus problems. For example, I just recently ordered a textbook: Probability for the enthusiastic beginner by David J. Morin. It doesn't assume any prior experience with calculus. It covers Combinatorics, Probability, Expectation Values, Distributions, Gaussian Approximations, Correlation, and Regression. Does this sound sufficient?
Do I actually need to be able to solve integrals? I definitely get the calculus concepts in this video, but I just can't reliably solve anything more difficult than the integrals you do in the first 1-2 weeks of Calc 2.
Hey Ken, great vid! I'm planning to specialise in Data Science as a graduate, is learning Python a good place to start? I'm relying on my college to teach me math, but I've got a lot of free time on my hands, so I'm delving into Python. Terrified and excited at the same time :)
I am trying to build a multivariate linear regression model, and trying out different combinations of variables to build my model. For example, I build a model with interactions between  different variables, but another model with just main effects. My question is, when do we know that we have a solid model that is worth accessing for need of transformation? I am a little confused on what steps I should be taking to build a meaningful model.
What I do is do a project..Use a library for doing what you want..and then go back To see how the library works whats the maths and the research behind it.. Because of this you always Have a example to relate to..
hi Ken, i am looking at MSc in Data Science UT Austin, are you familiar with the program?
Hey what do you recommend about soccer analytics? I’m very interested in it. Any way you could help
Hey! You mentioned that you will be using the 365 data science course, is it the same as the udemy (365 data science bootcamp 2020) or is it different?
Hey Ken! Great videos, I just found you last week and have been going through your channel. I was wondering your opinion on whether or not going back to school is essential, or worth it? I am 30, with a associates of mechanical engineering that I got 10 years ago and never used. Do you think just learning these things that you have listed here without going back to complete my bachelors degree (in data science or statistics) would be enough to get me a position as a data scientist in the next 1-2 years?
Hey! I'm learning data science from 3 months and I have completed probability, some part of stats and python, now I'm learning Linear regression and clustering. I have not yet started with the deep learning concepts. But I want to start my project now and build the project along side the theory do u think that is a good idea? Also at this level is it good to start with this series or will I be confused as I don't know many concepts? Also I am self learner so if you would reply it would be of a great help😁
How about sports analytics in fight business like boxing and MMA? Is it a thing worth getting in?
Did your comment leaderboard idea come from these 66 days?
What an interesting project. I’m curious to see how it turns out. Fantastic giveaways also. A very well done video. 8 love your subtle humor.😂
I love how you were able to make the information both educational and entertaining. Like you took us on the journey. Do you recommend learning SQL, while learning python?
Big fan of this initiative. I think there is a lot of potential in learning from comment data. What were some of your machine learning ideas that you're looking into?
What about me 🥺 I’m watching your EVERY VIDEO and I don’t skip the ads so you can make a buck... I’m always giving a like too ❣️ Also loving the podcasts but i dont comment on them bc nothing good comes to my mind. I didn’t do it for the prize though it’s only pure love ❤️
How about uploading a series explaining how you built those integrations?
YouTube Algorithm Explained (By a Data Scientist): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbTMIxjk4hI&ab_channel=KenJee
Find A Data Science Project With These 3 Techniques: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUrrf3Pm33s&ab_channel=KenJee
Data Science Project from Scratch Series: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2zq7klxX5ASFejJj80ob9ZAnBHdz5O1t
Thank you for your videos, Ken! I don't have any math background besides Stats 101. What level of stats would be helpful to get started in data science?
When normal person see data: it's just numbers
When data scientist see data: these numbers tells so many things.
I was just thinking to myself yesterday, too "I haven't seen Ken post any videos lately, is he abandoning us for the podcast?"
Just curious, why did you use the EC2 server instead of another scheduled lambda for populating the SQL instance?
When the video started, i thought "Oh this seems pretty simple, I can maybe try it later"
But I'd love to see another one of those step-by-step project like you did with the DS jobs code. You planning on doing something like that?
Man this is really cool! Is there a way you could disable adding points for responding to your own comment? I know you asked us not to, but...
Great video! I was wondering if one don't like management but still like to touch all different types of data science and modeling problem, which will be the better choice?
Hi Ken Jee! I have a macbook pro 16 2019 but i need it to work with Power BI and Power Query. I am struggling with that. I may probably need to buy another computer. What do you suggest?
Is the theory behind ML and DL concepts essential? For example there is a playlist for confusion matrix.So according to you knowing basic concepts is enough or all the theory behind the concepts is also important for a data scientist role?
Hello , Ken Jee would you recommend us to put data science projects that we did before the education background on our resume ?
How can I put some code in the project writing? For example, in the project 1, what if I want to put some code to present a project as I walk people through it. Something like jupiter notebook or Rmarkdown
What I have liked about Ken is he is trying to reach out to everybody by answering almost every question asked in the comment section. I love that bro.
How afraid should we be about choosing projects that end up failing?  Sometimes I get caught in this idea that I need to find the perfect projects that I know would be successful before I even start exploring the data.
What did you do for the glassdoor project (data scraping wise) if you don't mind me asking? If I understand things correctly, if the robots.txt forbids you from scraping them, you use their API and all is cool?
How is it with using youtube data for data science projects? I'm not talking about downloading videos - I'm interested in comments, video titles and thumbnails. Intuitively it should be ok to use those...
How to choose Data Science domain?
Thanks Ken Lee, great video. Question: i am working on a different dataset with not many features (ca 12-15). it is an imlabanced dataset with not a lot of '1' but loads of '0'. I am using TomekLinks to balance it out a bit. My highest F1 score is 5%, and whatever i do i cannot make it any higher than that. Do you think this is an example of a project where I will not be able to build a decent model?
would you recommend the new macbooks for data science? Im looking for a new laptop which a long battery life and lightweight, any recommendation here?
This is like... for people who already have quite some experience right? Like it's gotta be different if you're going for an entry or junior position, right?
Hello sir! Hope you are doing fine despite this pandemic. The question I'm gonna ask might be irrelevant to this video, but it is about data science. I was wondering, is there any international data science societies where students can be a part of to improve our skills? if yes, could you please name some. Thank you!!
I want to start collecting and analyzing data for my rugby club but I don’t know where to start. I have knowledge in python and some excel, what do you recommend? Maybe a site or a course to get more info?
Hey. Thank you. Can you tell me do you plan to interview anyone about writing data related articles or upload tips and tricks and suggestion about writing in places like medium?
Hi Ken. I recently started a PhD in soccer analytics. The datasets I will be working with include millions of rows and are highly complex. I don’t have much data science experience, I know that Python will be the main language I will code in. Any tips for learning sports analytics related programming effectively and efficiently? Is a ground up approach going to be the best way? Thanks
Hello, I am sort of late to the game in finding your video.  Any thoughts on where someone with related degrees BS (Analytical Chemistry) and an MBA (Finance) might fall?
How many days took to complete data science
May I have some recommendations or suggestions from you?
Should I do machine learning and deep learning courses to organize my knowledge?
Is this a realistic goal? Any recommendations?
Macbook Air M1  Ram8gb and 256 ssd is enough for beginner in data analyst?
Since the test set has no output (Survival), should we even consider it in our EDA? Why not doing just on top of the training set?
Sir , Currently I'm doing my graduation in mathematics  and i want to make my future in DATA SCIENCE  field . For making my career in this field , should i do any certificate course in DATA SCIENCE or master degree in data science ?
What keyboard do you use?
Which is better to deploy a model in your opinion(flask or django)
Which is easier to deploy (flask,django)
how is this amount of project work feasible if you're not getting paid?
I have a bachelors degree in Business Analytics. throughout the curriculum we were always discussing data science and used Python, R, SQL, and AWS.  Do you think a data science certificate would pair well with this and increase my chances of employment in this field?
is a height ranking in kaggal is a well showcase of my experience and knowledge in the field and can land a data scientist job based on it or i still need to get a college degree in CS or math? how can i get that heigh ranking?
I'm a Data Science engineering student, currently looking to what certificates should I focus on getting during my 3 academic years so I can have a better resume, any ideas ? :'(
is Hugo compatible to display jupyter notebooks with ipywidgets? and dynamic plots like the ones created with bokeh and seaborn?
sir can you tell your background music?
Ken, Thanks for production effort and links. As retired HW engineering, am 40 years removed from classroom-like statistical/stochastic computations. Work had boiler-plate modeling with plug-n-play solutions. Have a good 30,000 ft. view of statistical tendencies, probability distributions & FS/FT behavior. Prepared for math remediation; calculus, ODE, LinAlg, PDE and basic prob/stat  augmented with R & Py. Can you suggest a roadmap or decision-tree representation for stats classwork beyond Intro to Stats/Prob. and which texts work best for the practitioner? SABERMETRICS (baseball) pique my interest most along with other obvious statistically-driven current events. With a plethora of free and accessible online resources, prefer self-guided, for the most part, approach.
Technically speaking, shouldn’t the 3 point line ideally be around 5-10 feet from the rim due to the rapid organic drop in fg% from 60% to 40% you pointed out at 3:55? And then move the free throw line back to 25 feet, have all shooting fouls yield 2 free throws except and-1s which would still be 1 ft. This makes the ev for 2s, 3s, and non and-1 ft trips equal at roughly 1.2. (Given the average ft% now is about 75% at 15 feet, I’m assuming it would be about 60% at 25 feet)
Technically speaking, shouldn’t the 3 point line ideally be around 5-10 feet from the rim due to the rapid organic drop in fg% from 60% to 40% you pointed out at 1:59? And then move the free throw line back to 25 feet, have all shooting fouls yield 2 free throws except and-1s which would still be 1 ft. This makes the ev for 2s, 3s, and non and-1 ft trips equal at roughly 1.2. (Given the average ft% now is about 75% at 15 feet, I’m assuming it would be about 60% at 25 feet)
I have a hard dilemma, where I graduated while having a data analyst internship but wished I did a data scientist internship on top of it during college. I am guessing that my best route should be to land a data analyst role and then work my way up to a data scientist position as I gain more domain and real world experience working with data/working on more projects added on my portfolio?
Awesome tutorial. I have a question. Why do you log normalize Sibsp and Fare in addition to using StandardScaler? What does the log normalization accomplish that the StandardScaler doesn't?
Let’s be honest..... if your overall objective is to get a job.... why care about the school? Just get the cheapest one and get it over with
Any good data sets for a time series project? Or anomaly detection?
02:40 What were your 10 ideas to improve airline flights?  Just curious.
does being accountable means having a goal and stay true to it ?
Just a quick stream question: how do you deal with a super wide monitor and  sharing your screen at normal aspect ratio with OBS ?
Hi! Is there a way to extract all player's stats in a certain game?
Hallo i have opened the spyder and I installed the kite. Kite has all significant packages such as numpy pandas?
Hello, I have been following you for a long time and thank you for all the quality content you promote here! I want to develop my mathematical foundations for data science, here's how I thought: I start with the basics of algebra and geometry, then linear algebra, calculus, discrete math, operational research and statistics. What do you think about this planning?
I found data science interesting, I just have a quick question: are strong math skills helpful in DS?
Do we need to understand data structures and algorithms for data science?
What education/diploma/degree do you have/need to become a data scientist?
Lol. which one for someone in there 40's with no work experience, only an AS degree. But who has been programming since they where a child, and never been payed for it.. Who also can and has already built tensorflow, keras, pytorch and from-scratch models?
When changing the Grey small salary to grey salary still no results.
Hi, this was amazing not only because I’m applying in February for fall 2021, but also that I’m an international student so great bonus as there’s no good info online. Question though, do you recommend taking the GRE? The school I’m applying to says it’s only “Recommended” and mostly for lower GPA students.
Hey Ken, Thanks for the honest advice about the data science field.  Are there any sites you could recommend to get the basic statitics understanding?  Something like Kaggle.com?  Maybe free?  :)  Thanks!
Love this video, Ken & Tina. Anyway, I am wondering that do we have take degree in data science major instead of other major? Because learning data science can be anywhere (online course, bootcamp) and learning the domains (energy, finance, health) are quite hard because we need facilities that we don't have.
How about my statement, Ken?
I’m currently doing my BS in Data Science and plan on getting a full time job when I graduate, and have been looking at Georgia Techs Online Masters in Analytics to do part time. Do you know anything about this program / would you recommend doing the computer science one instead?
Great video Ken on the 8 golden tips for selecting a data science masters degree! Oh and did the green dinosaur got bigger?
How I chose my Masters Degree: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=domVw8isGOI&ab_channel=KenJee
Hello Ken !! Nice Video. I have a small doubt , is it good to have some Tableau Skills to add to Data Science resume ? I was planning on going through some MOOCs but thought about checking with you once ,  before I proceed ahead . Thanks in advance. 🙏🙏
Hey Ken! What is the difference between a masters in Data Science vs a masters in Business Analytics?
Great video! Do you have any videos about your experience at Depaul? I'm enrolling next year.
So, does that mean it's necessary to have a degree ???
Hello sirr I am interested in data science and I am planning to do my masters in abroad like uk and newzeland whether it is good for masters in data science and how is the placement ? And job opportunity ?
Hey ken loved your video it was very informative this maybe a little unusal story but I have a degree in criminal justice and I would like to have an immediate career change and i was looking into data science/ data analysis which intersted me on how much you can do. I am currently taking on a certificate in data science to see if i am interested and i was wondering how can you create a stand out portfolio  for employers with little to no experience in coding or computer science? Also will learning data science help get  foot in the door into a data analysis position working on programs like R or sql?
I'm getting some random css number as the span class name (css-1uyte9r css-hca4ks e1wijj242) of the salary estimate. When I'm entering that name in the scraper code, its returning -1. Any idea how to overcome this?
Louis posted in product feedback on Kaggle six months ago (https://www.kaggle.com/product-feedback/153519), but received little attention. What a pity! Can you help draw more attention and upvote it? If you have any other ideas, please let me know. I strongly believe that getting our sharing notebook well organized and more readable is very helpful for the community. TOC2 will make it much easier.
Would you mind to share or make a video sharing about how you keep your Linkedin, Twitter and personal site going? I usually find that keeping up with them takes time.
Hi Ken, what do you think the Kaggle projects vs some Bootcamp projects?
Hey I'm interested in data analysis/science too. Could you recommend any good books about data analysis in sports? I watched a movie "Moneyball" and it would be good to find out whether doing analysis in sports is useful. I'm a  huge fan of basketball (NBA). So if you could give any suggestions, I would appreciate it a lot.
I'm doing Btech in Data Science and Engineering. Is it a right pathway to get a data science job?
Hi, would you recommend learning data science or data analytics? to start in a sports analytics job?
Please guide me how to add a pdf file in the project please?
I was wondering if the CPU is a bottle neck ?
What is the rating of the power supply you are using?
What is the model number of your cabinet?
Any mechanical engineering structural analysts here with work experience? What are you upselling from this experience?
Hi Ken, nice video! I didn't participate in this one but I'll join the discord server and do the next one! Quick question: what video editing software do you use? I see in your description your computer details and the camera you use, and I searched throughout your channel to make sure you didn't have a video talking about this stuff, so I'm sorry if you get asked this a lot, I just am going to be done with my second-to-last semester of grad school this week (!!!) and have like, 2 months for christmas break so I was going to spend some time learning editing stuff so I can hopefully start my own youtube channel soon enough. I can't afford the camera yet, but I don't need that to start. I've got some ideas and I just am curious to know what software you use to edit your videos. Do you have a preamp and a mic with a pop filter you use? Thanks!
What does a "basic understanding of statistics" entail?
I have got an why don't you and Andrew make a video on begginer pack of #66daysofdata like roadmap for beginners for 66days challenge something like that?....
I have pasted my code below. Can you let me know what is wrong?
Data science or Cloud computing? I am very confused
Can you please suggest cloud computing vs Data scientist?
Hi Ken, What are the chances of getting into USA, Canada & Germany with low profile for Master's in Data Science. My background is 4yr engineering in Information technology. I am currently in my final year, done 2 virtual internship during pandemic from Microsoft and Deloitte. Have lots of online certification on Python, ML, ANN, CNN, NLP, etc. My profile is 6.0/10 GPA, TOEFL-70, GRE-280. Targeting fall 2021. I am going to apply in UCSD, TAMU, SUNY BUFFALO, Lakehead, RWTH. What are your thoughts on my profile? Is it good enough to get admit? Should I go for it or should I just wait for 1 year and prepare myself more in exploring DS?
Great as usual , I've a question...I don't have a college degree neither in computer science or mathematics but just paid courses , and I'm learning constantly from kaggal , is a college degree in CS and Math is a must to become a data scientist or a professional portfolio works?
Ken, I understand the value of understanding the data you are working with, but could you explicitly tell us what are the outputs you expect from an EDA and how it impacts the outcome of the model and of the project in general?
Hi Ken, love your videos. Got a question for web scrapping tho. Maybe I'm missing it, but what should I be looking out for in the robots.txt about scraping? I pulled up the glassdoor one on my own, but not sure which line says to not scrape. Maybe I'm missing it or don't really know what to look for.
If youre aiming at becoming a machine learning/ ai engineer.. Do you think that its a good idea to work as a data scientist, without spending much time on machine learning, at first and than specialize on these subjects? i work as a data analyst rigth now (for a short time).
Why 66 tho?
What should I do? Shall I drop the idea of becoming a data scientist or apply in other places with different domain.
Where to learn stat?
Do i need to install python too if I have anaconda?
Good luck to everyone for not just your #66daysofdata, not your #666daysofdata but, why not?, your #alifeofdata ;)
How do you reply too many comments (all of them) on your videos. Its too hard. But your are doing a good job keeping connection with your viewers. Thanks alot
Hey Ken, I have a 2 year gap while trying for a job from my mechanical degree. It didn't yield me. Now I am shifting in Data Science field. So what would you suggest I do? I already done few courses on Udemy and now I can say I'm familiar with some breath of this field. Now what should I do, will it be necessary in my case two do master in data science or boot-camp OR would just building portfolio and having one or two internship would get  me a job?
Amazing video. I got a question, don't we need to detect the outlier data in the models? or its not a necessary step in calcification?
Do I need and ABET certification why or why not?
Has anyone solved this issue?
WHAT?!! Good projects cannot be found in your closet, laundry, desk drawers etc ... WHY AM I ALWAYS THE LAST TO KNOW?!!!! More seriously, right now, it's not so much ideas that I have problems with at the moment, it's finding enough data to run them ... yep, that time is closing faster than I thought where I will have to learn to scrape data for myself! Especially since many of the ideas I have are around using specific type of pictures (loads of them fantasy, science fiction .... also had an idea which will requires 'solar punk' pictures, all of that in the name of ART and by using ML :o) ).
But, more likely, it will be about scrapping for text, especially released scripts from some of my favorite series ... or old books!! ( I wonder if I can do a 'whosdunnit' NLP thingy :o) ) ... so many choices, but doesn't choice imply renouncing some of said choices ? ;o)
Can you please link your wallpaper?
do companies in the US or Europe hire remote data scientists or analysts from outside the country to work remotely or that role is exclusive for local people and must be in the workplace?
I am a QA for 10 years and taking MS in Computer science with focus on Machine Learning. Do I have a chance of getting or successfully transitioning to a career change?
Can you talk about master of science in business analytics??
I am planning to start my masters in busienss analytics during fall 2021. What would my course of plan be right now?
What should I start with first? Programming or maths or excel or reporting tools??
I am planning to start my masters in busienss analytics during fall 2021. What would my course of plan be right now?
What should I start with first? Programming or maths or excel or reporting tools??
What should my career path be to attain a job on sports analytics after completing msba program?
I have heard msba is less programming intensive as compared to ms in data science. How much does that impact in getting a job in sports analytics??
On Google: https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9mZWVkcy5idXp6c3Byb3V0LmNvbS8xNDMwMDQxLnJzcw?sa=X&ved=0CAMQ4aUDahcKEwjQ2bGBhfbsAhUAAAAAHQAAAAAQAQ
hey ken , wonderful video i was wondering where did u get the eda_data.csv file because in the past video we didnt save any csv file???
You advice against putting icons on the resume too? for example, the icons in https://d.novoresume.com/images/blogs/55839c90-6d75-11e8-9ca8-6d365b13efdc/it-resume.png
Is it better to do a Master's in CS (by taking good electives) rather than in Data Science?
Also, does location (San Jose State) or name( Georgia Tech) matter more if you've just graduated?
You're really starting to get the hang of this YouTube(r) business down! The editing is looking great with the different camera angles and transitions and stuff. Have you considered streaming on Twitch or YouTube for some extra views/content? Resume reviews, portfolio reviews, interview advice/practice, teaching something, etc? I know you put out that course a while ago. Good content in the video by the way. I've been using Kaggle to learn some proper ML techniques and their implementations along with when/how to use them,  and also get acquainted with Python more since I'm an such an R junkie. Playing with some stock data sets on there has been good for me, but I do agree, value or good business value comes from gathering some original data or doing something with some impact.
Can I get certificate after completing course or project from Kaggle?
This was helpful! But I still....wonder....where does the actual Science come in to the picture?
Hi, Ken. I have noticed that some master programs in Data science require students to finish a research project, while others only require students to finish a capstone project. If you are hiring a new grad, do you think students with some research experience is preferable?
IBM data science specialization could land you a job if you also take an applied data science and deep learning specialization... All that could potentially take between 1 - 2 years, depending on your commitment. What do you think?
Thank you so much! i have a question that's been bothering me, if someone worked on your insightful jobs salary project, like , started it from scratch and made changes ( different eda/including ann model..) through out the project and learned a lot from it, could they include it in their resume ? if yes, i think we must reference the owner of the idea ? or is it just better to not include it ? your project inspired me a lot and made me love data science more, thank you so much and hope you will answer my question :)
Hey Ken extremely nice video ..got an offer from essex university for msc in applied Data Science and also got a offer from stirling university for msc in Ai and AI with business strategy from Aston University...Just confused which field to choose as a career option?
Question, in the sports analytics industry how much of your time is spent on various activities?  Maintaining and updating the current data analytics?  Answering new questions that are brought up by your internal customers?  Answering your own questions or coming up with new data analytics aproaches to add value?
Hey ken I am trying to do a project on the past NBA season. Do you have any ideas where I could find extensive nba data(besides stats.nba.com)? Thanks!!
My first ever comment on YT (you are that good :) ) : thank you for these techniques. For total newbies like I am, that are not looking (yet) for originality but just build / practice basic skills (and self confidence in data science) few concrete common projects would help a lot. I get that it might not be super exciting for experts but your walk through Titanic was great. Maybe few more like these? (Disclaimer: I am really at the beginning , did not even start the Titanic project yet)
And what did you find out about your viewers? ;)
Data Science Project from Scratch: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2zq7klxX5ASFejJj80ob9ZAnBHdz5O1t
Can you become a data scientist without having a degree?
can you start a SLACK Channel for your community ?
Any Special / Surprise Video for 100k SUB? :)))))
Hi Kenji. Is there a trade-off between projects that are personally interesting vs portfoilo-worthy projects? Do your projects have to be directly tailored to whatever industry you're trying to get into or is there such a thing as a general data science portfolio? Thanks for your videos.
Another question, if we have the funds to pay for a Data Science degree at say Maryville University on line but it is not a masters do you feel that is okay? The other option is for my son to finish his current B.A. in PHHP at the University of Florida and move forward to the Post Baccalaureate degree to get the additional credits needed. He would then move on to the B.A. in  C.S. and finish that degree. One is longer and a Public University the other is Private, but I belive  he can obtain what he needs in Maryville. This is the trade off and frankly he hates the PHHP bachelor's and has 3 more semesters and I would like him to just move on. One is more time, One is more money. Please help with advice.
Can you become a data scientist without going to college?
I'm 27 with a bocherlo's degree in finance and 4 years of experience in the retail bank sector (corporate credit risk analyst to be more precise). I've always been very curious about programming and data science, I even learned some basic coding back in HS. What are the odds for me to switch career to data science/analysis if I complete a 10 month specialization?
THANK YOU SOOOO MUCH FOR SUCH VIDEOS!!! I really love them and they make me feel happy and become a data scientist more and more 🥰!! I’m a school student with programming background...we have learnt python pandas, numpy, pyplot as well as MySQL course at school...we have also learnt about computer networks. Next year I plan on to do bachelors in DS(4 years) and then masters in DS (1 year)...although there is one fear that I have which is that I DO NOT COME FROM A MATH BACKGROUND (I am ready to learn it tho)...do you think this could be an issue???
What about an international student, who would want to get into data science and in the US job market, would diploma certificate from canada will help since its budget friendly too??
Hi Ken, I just finished my one-year data science study. However, it seems that I learned many things but I can not apply them well. I do not know how should I prepare to find a job. Statistics, Python, SQL, and R, they are just like familiar strangers to me. Can you give me any suggestions? I do not know where I should start. Thank you!
So what do you think about a B.A. in CS?
Good info...what do you mean by a quantitative background?.
I am an SAP Business warehouse developer that uses the SAPs proprietary language ABAP but exposure to coding limited to work exposure. SAP's stock tanked 30% since it missed the cloud bus and it has kind of given me a pinch of diversification. Does it make sense to invest in learning Datascience and switch gears?
I'm thinking of progressing to a PM role in the future with the help of some DS certifications. Is there any career path advice you can help me with? Any insight would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!!
Do I have to be a software developer or a data analyst first to break into data science? or can it be done directly through a masters program or certifications ?
This is so useful! I'm currently learning python because I always got suggested to "master" it (especially the most used libraries for data scientist/analyst like pandas, numpy, etc.). Is there anyone here who want to get $15  off to learn python too using premium interactive platform (I'm using Dataquest)? Just reply ny comment right away and I'll give you the referral code to get the discount!! ✨
Hey ken, what classes would you recommend taking in high school to become a data scientist? I’m currently in 10th grade taking honors algebra 2 and ap chemistry, and I’m really all over the place on classes I should take. What types of other classes are recommended for the field?
Hi Ken, I’m an architect, I design buildings. I tested out of math in college. I’m really into computers and very proficient with 3D modeling. I want to switch careers and become a data scientist. What do you think would be the best path for me?
Can you suggest schools that give weightage to Sports analytics in their curriculum?
What's with the crazy caption face?
Hi Kenny,  how about the DataQuest platform for Data scientists? Do you recommend investing money in it?
hey Ken, I noticed from your linkedin that you're based in honolulu. how do you like it there (pros? cons?) and how is the local data science job market?
I struggle with things that take a long time. If I spend several years to become a master, what will I I actually have in the end? I will be able to predict some things. I guess the hardest thing for me to think about is that 5 years will be gone and will it be worth it. Maybe by then AI will do everything automatically. Like trying to program an operating system with assembly language or something.
How many internships you did and have you did any co ops if yes then which is best?
You drove Uber on the weekends, and just studied ML all week long?
I was wondering, why not UI Chicago or IIT Chicago ?
Heyy I have seen in linkdin this #66daysofdata with Ken jee can you explain me what does that means?🙂
Hi Ken, what are your thoughts on Masters of Business Analytics program? I’m currently considering that over a Masters of Data Science due to it being more “applicable” to the corporate world.
Is it possible to become a Data Scientist with a Bachelor in CIS and a Master Degree in Data Science or Business Analytics?
Is the school required youtube video still on this channel? :D
Can you please share your opinion on the below question, it will be really helpful.
How is the Master's in Data Science program at Northeastern University, Boston?
Where i can get this version of the csv ? Tks in advance
I think your commerce background IS important as it created one of the biggest filters in your decision making, that is, which school doesn’t require a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science? I would think that the requirements in Data Science are lower, is that correct?
Do you feel like the masters degree was worth it or could you have gotten where you are now without one? If you come from a technical background, is the MS worth the investment?
Did you know anyone who did their MS in DS at DePaul? I have a friend who is in that program and he said it's worth it but I was wondering if you knew anyone who did the program. I'm really considering doing a Master's in DS since I'm graduating with a BS in Finance from a B+ level school and I feel like I'll need an MS to get a good job in the field (I have bad ADHD and I'm not great at teaching myself things so I don't think the self-taught route is for me). Did you know anyone who did that program? How was their post grad job placement? Do you think the CS program was better?
Thanks for watching everyone! This is the video I mention about how to choose between a Masters, Bootcamp, or Certificate program: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9FjwzKFPuM&ab_channel=KenJee
@Ken Jee We can't use Ridge regression in these kind of data because of sparse nature of dataset. Right?
3:12 The hell is this person coding? Skynet's Terminator OS?
Can you also make video about data analyst roadmap and all 💯
Hi ken, thank you for the video tutorial. However, my code works in reverse. The 'keyword' search works at the end of the Scrapping. Any help?
51 year-old going for a one-year MS in Business analytics to break into the field and do a career change - what say you? Yay or nay?
Hi Ken, Thank you for the video. Question; I'm older and thanks to covid going to be learning from scratch as you said, what should be the first language I start?
How can anyone think the courses on Kaggle is good, I'll never know. I tried them, and was completely speechless. They are so bad, it's insane. And the Instructors are technicians who are so over the hill. I think that's why they're so bad. I need someone who's a beginner like me, not someone who's been working for 10 years.
Hi Ken, I'm newly transitioning into the data science field and am wondering how to approach building a data science resume if none of my work experience is in data science or tech. I've listed several projects, skills, and certifications, but should I also put work experience even if it's unrelated? how would you recommend a  beginner resume like this be structured?
My scrapper gets stuck when getting the data...Any suggestions to resolve??
sorry, why i got htmlsessiin object or request_html module?
hey Ken, did you have to take additional math courses to get into your CS program? if someone works a normal 9-5 job and their CC has affordable online math courses, would you recommend they take stats, discrete, linear, and multivariable calc versus try to learn this stuff on their own?
Would you script your whole project in Spyder then if you wish to share it copy and paste it to Jupyter with markdown where necessary? I'm just wondering why not skip the middle man and use Jupyter all the time.
Hello Ken, Thanks for your sound advice. I have a quick question. I am a snr manager with over 18 years of experience. Does it make sense for me to take up a Masters degree in AI and ML at this stage? I am 43 year old with an operations management background in BPO, KPO, call centers etc. I have no programming language background although my maths was pretty strong back then. What do you advise? Thanks in advance.
hey ken  , while i am performing my wordcloud code part , i am getting this error "The _imagingft C module is not installed" , what should i do?
Can u please explain how hourly was annual done? like why we multiplied by 2????????
I follow both of your content and I love it! I have a biology undergrad and I have one more year for my masters in music performance. I wanted to transition into data science/ SWE, would you recommend the MCIT program? Are there programs like that which made for non cs majors? Extremely inspiring content👍👍👍👍
Solid video!   I am kind of binging your channel as I am committed to getting a job in Finance with Data Science.  You mentioned  data wrangling being over 50% of the workload at a job.  I am going hard on Pandas and all supporting libraries (2 - 3 hours a day for a couple of months).  Do you think this will cover the data wrangling side or are there other libraries/stacks/tools that I should be getting into?  Thank you for all of the great content!
Lets say i am totally ignorant about this field and i start putting 7 hours a days into learning. How long till i get an internship or a job?
Is Kaggle better for a Data Science portfolio?  Or is Github the way to go?  Thanks in advance!!
Can you please walk us through the Data-domain (Data Scientist/Data Engineer/Data Analyst) recruitment process in one of ur videos?
I am doing my undergrad in Computer Sc. Engineering. The campus-recruitment at my university is more Dev-intensive, focused on coding, Data-structures and Algorithms... could you suggest me something?
Which data structures would you recommend knowing the ins and outs of for a data science interview as opposed to a software engineering interview? So far I’ve been focusing on arrays and recursion, and eventually want to get into graph algorithms.
I am an undergraduate math major student. Could you please recommend some project ideas related to mathematics?
What data science bootcamps would you reccomend?
What would motivate you if you were a student who just started to learn data science? I am in this position now and i cant find anything to motivate myself. Thats a huge problem for some of us because the other problems like "where can i learn data science" has solutions everywhere. Hope you'll answer. Good content keep it up.
I think the reason why I would like to get into Data Science is just the outright versatility it can offer in many sectors such as finance,healthcare,IT etc. The whole concept of breaking down and finding solutions is interesting. I started to doing a Python course and I'm really enjoying the coding but I just wanted to ask I come from a Finance background with some banking experience. Can you please give me some tips on what I should do exactly? Thanks!
Great info! I wonder if we are also allowed to use these resources during an interview?
I just finished my graduate certificate and realised that I need to learn more to get a job.  I might continue on with the data science masters. Just wondering. What monitor are you rocking and if you were going to invest in a budget monitor what size should you get?
So from what I hear, self taught is not necessarily a bad thing in data analytics?
Can we git jupyter notebook? I just started learning DS and I only code from jupyter notebook, any recommendation?
Nice video...I have a question what os do you use in work environment like windows/linux/unix?
What do you mean awful puns, I thought they were hilarious 🤣
Data Science Project From Scratch Series (Git Used): https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2zq7klxX5ASFejJj80ob9ZAnBHdz5O1t
5 Essential Data Science Projects for Your Portfolio: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBDiadC8BvE&ab_channel=KenJee
5 Unusual Data Science Projects That Will Land You A Job: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6FeV8WXPWY&ab_channel=KenJee
Man I wish I had seen this sooner, definitely clears up so much. Although,  now I realize I've never actually even worked on git locally and just do all my work(projects) on github, is that okay or should I learn how to use Git locally?
I’m confused as to why analytics is so important in sports b/c of the A’s when the A’s never actually won anything? Where they successful, yes? But they never got a Championship so it ultimately didn’t work.
Do they do it for internships too?
Is there a difference between using df['arg'] and df.arg?
do you think statistics as a major is a nice foundation while also learning python on the side?
Good motivation booster! Since this down time I have started on the path of a new career in data, I have completed: 1) cert scrum master, 2) cert of completion up & running power bi desktop with maven analytics, 3) currently enrolled in sql; I plan to take pyhon & tableau next; how do I find a mentor or data project to join to apply my new learning? thanx
So I did a project on linear regression and I'm still kind of struggling to understand it. I looked up Kaggle Notebooks titled "Linear Regression" or something close to that. Other than watch other courses, read other books, and do more projects is there anything else I can do?
Hey Ken, have you ever tried Python for Data Science and Machine Learning Bootcamp by Jose Portilla? I'm learning so far from that.
How much time I should spend by week? I’m in a university doing statistics and I already work in the field but I feel like I should been looking for more kaggle datasets or more complex problems but or i look too simple datasets or too complicated.
There is a intermediate list of datasets?
Is that a best approach or should I learn building model from scratch?
what could be the reason for this error
How can we submit a resume for review?
Do you use your skills for the other side of sports analytics? On the bet side?
If you’re in 12th year of high school and i wanna go into data science what advice would you give?like what subjects to take on etc
How about a little double entendre: “Deep Learning with Ken Jee”
Can A Machine learning Engineer work remotely?
Is an applied mathematics undergraduate a good path to data science?
The Podcast Channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpEJMMRoTIHJ8vG8q_EwqCg?sub_confirmation=1
The Podcast Clips Channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHt217WWmcdUXAeiIc2E_Cw?sub_confirmation=1
how about "A podcast of life and data" .... or ... " Life through data and data through life." ... I am not sure, that's all I got so far. Good luck with the new podcast!! :D
Ken is this a plastic plant??? ;)
Can you do a video (or have you done one) on saturation of junior data scientists in the job market? Do you think the field is growing still and that demand will out over supply for labor in data science?
I realise this is off topic but I just wanted to hear your thoughts. next year I will be doing a conversion course into data science and AI (with a year in industry) as I am doing a masters in Uni. I had an undergrad in sports science so I relate to you. So I have a year and a lot of spare time to prepare, what do you recommend I learn ahead of time? coding? SQL? Building a portfolio or what?
Hey Ken! Have you seen the learning paths available from Microsoft for Azure like AI Edge and many others. And also those available from Amazon for AWS. I was wondering what's your opinion about those resources and whether it'd be useful to spend time with them?
Hello Ken, I am a graduating Sports Management student, I am interested in working in sports research. Where do I start?
Ken, first of all, thanks a lot for making the series. I wanted to ask your opinion of a fresher (me) doing a project on the credit risk analysis from kaggle. As tons of people have done a lot of work on this already, do you think its worth working on it ? do you think it could be interesting enough to be put on the resume?
I work as a data scientist already, I wanted to know how to get clients on my own to work on data science products, I feel that a lot of middle management don't convey the right idea about data science hence I want to see if I could start my own consultancy on getting projects, I wanted to know how is it possible?
I’m a senior in high school and am planning to major is data science in college. Is this a bad idea? Do jobs not want people with a data science major? I hope you see this and respond 🙏🏼
What is the best tool for webscraping
got stuck around 12:00 when trying to print the career stats. it keeps telling me that "AttributeError: module 'nba_api.stats.endpoints.playergamelog' has no attribute 'playergamelog'" any thoughts ?
I am very new to coding in python and data science in general but i keep getting a module not found error. Specifically "no module named 'nba_api'. I downloaded the nba api in my CMD and it successfully installed but i keep getting same error. Thoughts?
I'm interested in Data science and I'm transferring from BS in architecture technology to applied mathematics. Is it better to join a bootcamp like Flation school or spend does years studying applied mathematics? I would not mind getting a low position in data science or data analyst role.
As for failures - this is a normal part of the process. I don't remember who said it, but it went like this: when you enter the a new uncharted territory, when you try new things nobody did before, everybody is underqualified for the job. I think this is a huge part of what being a Scientist is - you try to do new things, and you fail, and you learn from it and you try again. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. Some problems can't get solved at this stage - maybe new tools, theories, new data need to appear first. Sometimes it is too expensive to do what is needed to get a good solution, maybe an approximation can be good enough? I'd like to say that this is why you get paid the big bucks - because it requires certain way of thinking, intelligence and skills to solve problems. To be a Scientist it ain't an easy job in general. Sadly a lot of Scientists are really poorly payed. And a lot of research is conducted in a very bad, unproductive way, but that's an off-topic.
Data science is worse or best field?
also.......can we or can we not get a #66DaysofData Among Us game night one of these days?!
My interview with richard: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJetp07LMrw&ab_channel=RichardOnData
Richard's Impostor syndrome Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jw693w7cdxk&t=161s&ab_channel=RichardOnData
Try watching this next: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf3j0lWmFPU&ab_channel=KenJee
I really liked how he talked about learning to like this feeling. I think a physical training metaphor here is really apt. When you work out it hurts and is uncomfortable as you train muscles you may not be using very often. One thing many people who work out regularly talk about is how good they feel afterwards, even though their body is in pain. Similarly whenever you learn something it hurts, almost phyically. You can feel your mind straining to try and understand whatever abstract concept your reading about. For some reason we are surpised by this. "Shouldn't this be easier?", "How does anyone understand this", or "The guy in the video I watch made it seem like this was easy to understand". of course we do not see how long they had to sturggle to actually understand the concept. If we go in with the expectiation, this going to hurt but I love that feeling of brain ache after a good reading I think it can help with those feelings a lot. The other issue is time, the feeling that you need to become competent in a short ammount of time sucks. I don't know what to do about that, we are finite creatures after all.
I’m new to the field. I feel like I know absolutely nothing, but I’m going into a master of Data Science because I truly want to do AI/ML work. I don’t have a traditional CS background, so this is all scary. When did everyone get comfortable with the AI/ML coding interview and overall interview process?
You probably have the reading process down, but check out Speechify. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Hx8H9-jmYPw
Hi! Love to watch your content and am really interested in having a career in football analytics or cricket analytics. I am learning data analytics through online courses and planning to get an internship in sports analytics firm. Is that fine or do I need to look for a degree in sports?
cant import glassdoor_scraper as gs. anyone knows why?
I've seen a promotion link from you for 365 subscription but I kinda lost it and can't remember where I found it. Could you send me a link please?
Great content Ken, would you recommend AWS Machine Learning?
Who would have thought Jack Black got into analytics.
John David Interviews Me: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGUtCCDh_bo&ab_channel=HowtoGetanAnalyticsJob
How He Landed a Data Analyst Job in Less Than a Year | Subscriber Interview : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsGKZe4dVyk&ab_channel=KenJee
How She Dominated the FANG Data Science Interview | Tina Huang: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfV4nm004VQ&ab_channel=KenJee
I'm nearly 33 and have just recently decided to become a data scientist. Is there any hope for someone that was never good (abysmal) at mathematics to get into this field?
I have a question about projects on resumes. I am struggling to think of ways to quantify the purpose of projects beyond just the results of different machine learning models. Because the results are not really put to use after finding them, there is no real quantitative impact to put on the resume (such as a 10% increase in sales).  Is it necessary or suggested to have this for your projects? If so, what ways might you go about restructuring/expanding upon data science projects to address their possible "lack of usability" ?
Hey Ken,I am an under degree graduate.If I learn data science through online will company hire me? If yes then which is best online platform for beginners.
Hello, I don't know if you remember the other day when I asked about the automated tennis video analysis. I have been doing some research and I found some research papers and even a thesis with that system I am trying to do. Is it illegal to apply it using OpenCV or some library? Can I use a bit or do I have to do everything from scratch?
What is/are it's difference with Sports Statistics?
Hey Ken, I have an option of staying at a medium size school and continuing as a business major, or going to UT Austin and doing Liberal Arts. Which do you think is better for a Data Science career?
Where do you learn stat for DS most effieciently? Thinkstat? 365 datascience?
Hey Ken, I’m really enjoying this series, I just have a quick question. If I was crunched on space in fitting all the projects I’ve done, would you say it’s better to keep your most recent projects on your resume OR would you rather advise to keep the projects that are relevant to the position/company you are applying to although it’s been 2-3 years since you’ve worked on that specific project?
hey ken , should we describe the personal projects we did in the resume or just mentioning them with an understandable name is enough? thanks
can I also send you my resume  for review  on the next video ?
My interview with Tina: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfV4nm004VQ&ab_channel=KenJee
Avoid these data science resume mistakes: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DM1eE_Coh6g&ab_channel=KenJee
Tina's first resume review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mueI-I7Suxw&ab_channel=TinaHuang
Hey Ken, random question. Do you know if Python 3.9 is supported on Anaconda yet? I can't seem to get my environment variable working :(
Sir how can stylish resume frame do u have any idea where I can get free resume frame ???🙏 please tell me
Hi Ken, why don't you use R Studio as your IDE? It does support Python..
Great video, a big thanks on the tips,just got a question: I am currently taking a machine learning course but I am using matlab, can matlab be a substitute for python in this case? and further on in data science, how essential is python comparing to matlab? Cheers!
thanks for the recommendations. I am a sas user instead of Python or R although i just started to learn Python ... any suggestions ?
Is there an API for NCAA basketball stats???
Is the get_teams() function pre-written??? I'm confused as to where that comes from. Also, love your vids!
The master branche of Github pages doesn't appear on sources. what have I done wrong?
Thanks Ken!! you are the best. I manage to get my hands dirty. but I am curious about starting up my own scraping using another problem. can I still make use of the same function?
Hi Ken I need help here. When to choose a source, the master branche  didn't appear on my choices, only the main appeared. And so my website's link gave 404 error. Is there anywhere I cld have mistaken when the process? I need help here
Could I get my resume reviewed? I have made changes to my resume after watching your video & I bet you'd love to see the changes & also would like to get more suggestions on the current one.
Why did you make a separate column for "Employer provided salary"? It makes sense to me to simply remove it from text and treat it as regular salary. What is your opinion on this?
Is there a related job or activity that I can do at this age?
Great video! You should have mentioned RShiny/Shiny apps in your second (third?) bullet point though! But I'm heavily partial/biased towards R haha. Great vid. I like the idea of doing a project involving web scraping. The one thing that can be frustrating about being in grad school for stats is all of our data sets are already cleaned for us. We just get it and most of the time it's all good to go so we can just worry about doing whatever statistics we need to do on it. Scraping data sounds like a good way to get some nice raw data that would require some cleaning and then running some cool analytics on after some EDA. Great content.
Is web scraping legal? https://parsers.me/us-court-fully-legalized-website-scraping-and-technically-prohibited-it/
Why 4 clocks behind you ?🙄🙄
Will you consider making a video about putting together a project portfolio website? It would be really helpful!
Hey Ken, your down-to-basics and straightforward approach to the explaining data science and learning it are very confidence-inspiring to someone trying to get into the field. I have a background somewhat in statistics in that I graduated with an undergrad in psychology but with a focus on statistics. I did 3 quantitative and 1 qualitative study in undergrad and I think I have some chance of using that to my advantage. I'm working currently to pay the bills and keep needs like health insurance available and I'm currently starting the self-study method. I've binged through a few videos and I'm going to try "ultralearning" data science, but I'm really not sure where to go from there. I'm going to try to build a good portfolio but I feel like if I just try to say" I have a degree in psych buut it's with a focus on psych stats" and then get just a cert or a bootcamp then it won't be worth it for anybody looking to hire. Getting a masters is always on the table but like you said that's a big time and money commitment for no guarantee of a career out of the gate. In the end I think the connections of a bootcamp are more beneficial for me but I also don't want to shell out cash to find out that method would not make me look as good on a resume compared to a degree program. Do you think a psych degree is a handicap or something I can still leverage?
A couple of years down the line I want to build ML algorithms that do simple yet effective stuff. My weak area is statistics and this is something I really need to improve on. Understanding the equations of the graph to begin with maybe? Although I know a lot of statistical packages do most of the stuff for you but I believe understanding the underlying algorithm or the derivation of the equations would be helpful further down the line as I progress. With plethora of resources, I simply don't know where to get started and where to stop. I understand the python codes that someone else may have written but I am yet to reach a stage where I can start building something from scratch and that is something I really need to push myself to achieve as quickly as I can. Any help to get me closer to this is much appreciated!
You know what I hate about modern day sports analytics? You got all these terms that never existed like 10 or so years ago in sports with strange names that are hard to figure out what they even mean. Yet people continuously write articles referencing them as if the average sports fan already knows what all these are and they're self explanatory even though they clearly aren't and it's fancy jargon that you have no clue what it could possibly mean. Like I was reading an article talking about Breonna Stewarts win shares in her WNBA career. Nowhere in the article did it explain what win shares mean. Obviously it has to do with wins. But beyond that I have no clue. Then there is this other one that has defense or defensive in the title I can remember the full name of the stat but it's a really strange name. It's mentioned all the time as if it's common sense to what it means and we should already know. Lol. Nobody ever explains these things as if they're normal stats. Lol.
Hey Ken, newbie here but loving the series and would love to see more. Wondering what 'level' of data science this is. Is this quite similar to what a data scientist would actually be doing in a work environment?
Is Alexander picking his nose in his profile picture? lol
I’m a physician assistant with a BS and MS in Heston sciences. I have a lot of math in my background and some coding though, and can get into a masters. I work for a giant lab right now and think I can manage to get some collaborations if I go into this to practice. I saw the Georgia Tech MS in analytics and it would fit perfectly. However, I do want to be employable and not just literate, would this be a good idea? I can afford it, I work full time so it works for me, and taking 1-2 courses a semester would work for me because I really want structure
Who else scroll through the video to find the path shown in the thumbnail like me?
Is knowledge of sorting algorithms useful?
What would you recommend?
Nice video Ken, thanks for explaining it so well, easy to get frustrated with learning! So I don't need to be a data scientist to get a job in data science, In the process of learing python, data analysis looks to be a good area to get work in where i live, am i on the right track?
"I actually prefer to sit on the floor"...10 seconds later..."You still code sitting down?" 😂 Funny even for non data-scientists
what is a dog fish api? I know the jokes a reference but I still dont get it. Can someone help me out?
i'm getting a straight horizontal line when i plot Lasso regression. any idea why that's happening?
Hi sir what can you recommend and prefer ? I'm planning on taking Masters in Information Technology with especialized in Data Analytics or should I go for Masters in Business Analytics.. I'm currently working as Software testing engineer both Manual and Automation. Thanks for your feedback.
How about you guys do on what interviewers say to junior Data scientists. Do u know know numpy ,scipy, random forest, neural networks. Can you do this task for us for free cos we can't figure out how to do it but we wont get back to you after the 3rd round or reply oh sorry we need someone with 8 years experience for the entry level position but damn you can code. I will just clone all your projects, there are a lot of useful staff here ,oh by the way we gave the job to this dude he is really good at using Excel.
I've recently been failing so many software engineering internship interviews . To be honest , I'm sick and tired of how hard SWE is. With all of it's Data structures, algorithms  and it's challenges on leetcode ,  it gets really stressful. I took a udemy course on data structure and brushed up my coding skills for Java , but I still struggled . I've been looking into other fields such as Maching learning , Cybersecurity , and Data science.  what do ya'll think I should do ?
I bet that will make more sense after I get some work experience :) on that point, how to prepare for a data science intervju?
Okay so he's a sports analyst, YouTuber , an almost career counsellor... And now he's making vines... That are actually funny. Is there anything he can't do?
Wait no one calls it big data anymore? 😂
Have you even heard of LaTeXxxXx?
Does anyone know if Ken has announced the winners of his nvidia conference tickets?
Hello Ken, thanks for the video. I've been following you since you were 5000 subs, but I had never seen your resume and I didn't know you started on data science because you were a golfer. I am a tennis player and I have been searching a lot about data science and I would like to start applying it on my tennis game. I saw an app called SwingVision that does the statistic by its own, but unfortunately is just for Ios and I just have android. I would like to get a free software or build one. Do you know any? If not, what would I have to learn to build a software like that? Thanks for your help
I have a bachelors in biology and masters in health science (I am a PA). Should I brush up on coding and do a masters? Or a boot camp? I work full time but make good money I just don’t want to have tons of debt
@12:56 how do you run the browser ?
Can I get a data science internship at FAANG if I have no experience but good projects and I have done some previous internships? I am starting my masters next year at SJSU. How to get connected with recruiters in bay area for a data science Internship. Any Idea? Do you have any contacts?
Complete data noob here. My work uses Excel for data analysis and reporting, etc. Sounds like switching to Python (I'm a CS student so I love it) and Jupyter could be a good move. Is there a lot that can be done with these methods that Excel can't? Assuming the data is already cleaned and ready to analyze
When you bring up projects I understand the concept of what a project is but how do I do a project as an undergrad. Should I lookup some project or think more creatively and do something unique?
Is it possible to run CUDA on an AMD CPU ? (Yes *CPU* , not talking about GPU)
Hi Ken, Great video. thanks .sorry for a very basic question but how did you get the baseline numbers? I am trying to get them but unable to do so i.e. Naive Bayes (72.6%)
When I was hired 5 people were hired at the same time 4 of those have been fired. Theres good money to be made here if you show you are serious they will keep raising your pay. Reasons for firing one was on FaceBook all the time. One was a Narcissitic Drama Queen. One had tons of excuses for not completing Tasks. One got fired for Sexual Harrassment.  These people have good money to pay and they know it. PACK YER POOP TIGHT thats Marine speak for SHIT together.
I'm a recent Bioinformatician graduate and I'm looking to switch to Data Science. I am quite fluent in R but also have good insights in Python and Java, although I steel feel a bit wobbly (the fact that I'm a slow programmer is what bugs me the most). Given that I already have a base in statistics, programming and database theory, would you be able to recommend a particular structured course that could be good for me? Thanks for the websites you recommended anyways!
Hi Ken, been following  you for quite some time now and I'm amazed to see the content quality in your videos. No matter what video I watch, I learn something. Awesome job!! Would you consider posting a Data Science tutorial from the scratch on your channel? May be a paid subscription? There are so many courses out there, when I try to find one that'll help me I always get confused. Basically I don't trust them and I think it'll help a lot of people if you start teaching data science. Either way, your AWESOME!
How and where can I contact recruiters?
I'm graduating this fall from my university and working really hard on a bunch of projects, my thesis, and networking with professors who could refer me to data science roles. Nonetheless I constantly feel inadequate compared to pHD students and others I meet, do you think it is possible to get into a data science job right now with just my bachelor's?
What would you advise a person like me?
What do you think is the better option - bootcamp or a collection of certificates? I leaning towards collection of certificates - this means I don't have to go through the basics of Python programming again, and in the price of the bootcamp (say 2500 usd) I can get some interesting collection of new skill certificates or deepen those I feel need deepening.
How Much Math do I need in Data Science?
Can I become a data scientist with little or no math background?
What essential math skills are important in data science?
What are my feature variables and target variable?
What predictor features correlate the most with the target variable?
What features are important?
Should I scale my features?
How should my dataset be partitioned into training and testing sets?
What is principal component analysis (PCA)?
Should I use PCA for removing redundant features?
How do I evaluate my model? Should I used R2 score, MSE, or MAE?
How can I improve the predictive power of the model?
Should I use regularized regression models?
What are the regression coefficients?
What is the intercept?
Should I use non-parametric regression models such as KNeighbors regression or support vector regression?
What are the hyperparameters in my model, and how can they be fine-tuned to obtain the model with optimal performance?
SharpestMinds Co-Founder Interview: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VcdvSyoxnc&t=15s&ab_channel=KenJee
How She Dominated the FAANG Data Science Interview: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfV4nm004VQ&ab_channel=KenJee
How He landed a Data Analyst Job: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsGKZe4dVyk&ab_channel=KenJee
How I got my first contracting job: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tQtwqthUMI&ab_channel=KenJee
What’s a project? Do first-author scientific papers count? Lol that’s all I have
Why there is 3 clocks?🤔
Do you ever plan to make videos where you actually do some data science ever again?
first?
Sir my dataset has 35k observation. Should I start doing analysis using entire dataset or should I first select sample out of it. Because I do not know what should be the better number of observation should a sample dataset have ?
Hi Ken! great video mate. I was looking for these types of advice. I'm just starting my journey here and I enrolled in my city uni toward a master degree in DS. I haven't got a strong math background but find it not difficult to learn to program. What will be your advice in terms of maths?
Is it possible to enter the field as a self taught or is a bachelors and above required?
What do you think of the Harvard's CS109 course?
Can you recommend which bootcamp to take if I want an as-close-to-realworld sort of assignment? I'm also very interested to learn the deployment part of data science, like, having my model on a cloud that can be consumed via api, with this whole thing as a docker image, etc
On Google: https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9mZWVkcy5idXp6c3Byb3V0LmNvbS8xNDMwMDQxLnJzcw?sa=X&ved=0CAMQ4aUDahcKEwjQ2bGBhfbsAhUAAAAAHQAAAAAQAQ
Hi Ken. I am sure you have answered this question 1000s of times. Sorry. But what data science certification/program would you recommend for me if I am about to pursue a Ph.D. in the health/medical/physiology side of things. I keep seeing 365Datascience...is that a good one to go with?
Hi Ken, I have worked for more than 10 years outside of data science or software field. My background is Material Science. I see that project experience seems quite important for job application. Is internship useful for people like me?
This is good! Showing instead of telling!  I'm curious what to do for myself though.  I have a DS degree and worked 2 DS jobs, but neither involved any modeling (DS or otherwise).  An old boss thinks I should focus on business value delivery and skip the personal DS modeling projects.  What do you think?
Which is best for android app development by using ML (flutter/odoo)
Have you ever played around with any Fantasy basketball or fantasy football analysis/prediction?
I just removed all of python, pycharm, anaconda from my computer and followed along. i reinstalled anaconda and then it will not let me open any of jupyter notebook spyder or anything. the error is an import error? please help
Please collab Ken sir  with tina and data professor in your upcoming videos ?
hey ken which pc are you using now?
Thank you so much! I have to say that Hari's internships weren't real internships but virtual internships, meaning he wasn't actually hired. Would you still put them above projects? And would you put them as experience? Bc I think it could look misleading. Thank you!!!
My interview with Tina: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfV4nm004VQ&ab_channel=KenJee
Avoid these data science resume mistakes: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DM1eE_Coh6g&ab_channel=KenJee
Tina's first resume review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mueI-I7Suxw&ab_channel=TinaHuang
Congrats on passing 90k subs, Ken! Great variety of resumes, Tina and Ken - how many review requests do you have in the backlog? Excited for episode 2!
Out of curiosity, all Indian resumes..?
What should i do to make career on Data Science.
I'm literally very much confused , do i have to solve maths problems by hand or just understand the formulas (how they work)?
what's the alternative command for touch in windows?
what a clear explanation man, hats off..:)
Hello, Ken! Thanks for another great video. Do you know good material about creation pipelines and custom gridsearch, that a beginner will understand? Or maybe you have a video about it on channel?
is it correct?
Actually, I had worked over titanic dataset but my accuracy wasn't improving at all any suggestion over it??
Hey Ken, I'm back to pick your brain and get your insight again lol. For deploying machine learning models, what cloud service is most used in the industry? Obviously it depends on the model and the use case but I'm having a hard time figuring out what cloud service to use.
I was doing a bunch of research on turning one of my models into a productionized web app and I was trying to decide between AWS and Heroku. Heroku is definitely way easier and way more hands off but would it look better from a hiring managers perspective if I took the time to learn some devops and fired up an AWS instance with my model running on it? Or does it not really matter and Heroku is fine to use as it is convenient
Thanks for a very useful video. I am wondering though, where would I begin ? Do I learn Python first or do I start with basic in statistics and math. Or a foundation in data science ? Do you recommend any Data Science courses ? Finally what is a realistic timeline to be somewhat advanced in this field if one spends 10 hours a week ? Thanks a lot.
I'm still trying to figure out what goal to work towards to for the next step in my career. Could you make a video that compares data scientists, data engineers and machine learning engineers?
There's too many good sessions, but my favourite would be Are we there yet? Love the idea for getting more comments btw!
What a colourful shirt...thank you for your advice
A sneaky Saturday upload! In your POV, how does someone know they're ready to progress from a regression/classification problem to a more advanced method?
3 proven data science projects for beginners - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8igH8qZafpo&ab_channel=KenJee
The data science project from scratch series -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpF9HENQjDo&list=PL2zq7klxX5ASFejJj80ob9ZAnBHdz5O1t&ab_channel=KenJee
The Titanic Project Walk-through - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3FBJdiExcg&ab_channel=KenJee
Push up cv video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=9&v=x31c9FYypOs&feature=emb_logo&ab_channel=CollinBell
Dude , btw , road to 100k ! Can you believe it ?!!
Nice Swing! Whats your handicap? 😀
can you make a video about which certificates should we get for data science?
I love this.  I read Atomic Habits earlier this year and it inspired me to add more structure to my life.  If I'm being honest, some of my habits have stuck better than others.  Do you struggle with this and how do you tackle it?  Thanks!
Aren't you data snooping the test set by doing a train-test split after EDA? Also, great series. Very helpful.
Hi Ken, Do you play fantasy football of premier league?
Great Video Mr. Jee. I have one question, he talks a lot about A/B testing. Can you describe what that means for a beginner data scientist like myself?
hi Ken, really helpful video! Do you have any examples of how to include Github and Git into my routine? (you mentioned it at the end of the video). Do i just focus on getting my project on github or focus on how to store it and present it (if thats the case, is there a tutorial on it or would you be interested in doing some tutorials?). Or is it something totally different.
good stuff. One question: what about restoration/renewal? We aren't machines. We need to cycle though and schedule rest also.
Hi Ken. Just found your channel recently and it’s been an amazing resource for me. I’m new to data science and as a former athlete, I’m hoping to work in sports analytics eventually. However I have a background working in product creation in the apparel industry for 10 years. Based on what you’ve said a few times, it seems my best path is working in data science in apparel before transitioning into sports? If I wanted to start building my portfolio, would it be weird to have projects in both categories? Should I only show apparel projects now and do sports for fun? A little confused on how I should present myself.
I actually wanted to ask an question that i am currently doing stats as my classwork and i am pretty much enjoying with along with some algebra. But i wanted to know that is calculus and others math are cruciel? I am not good at it
Hey ken...what is your opinion about moving from data analyst role  to  more of manager role...also  how many  years of work experience should one have before the transformation(Is 2-3 years sufficient)?
can you send the pdfs?
When sharpestminds.com will be launching in india?
Thanks for the video, what about Computer Information Systems?
But does that look bad to a future employer? Like I was too lazy to create my own portfolio from scratch? And the other thing I worry about it is what if like 5,000 other people all had the same idea as me and then my portfolio page looks identical to other people that all forked from this same github page lol. Curious to hear your insight on these concerns/thoughts I've had when it comes to making a portfolio website
I'm a product manager that is looking to build up data analytics skills. Do I really need to go deep into programming to build a data science background?
66 Days of Data: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXLnbdHMf8w&ab_channel=KenJee
Inside the mind of a kaggle grandmaster: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5v_ulmGv-gc&ab_channel=KenJee
How she dominated the faang data science interview: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfV4nm004VQ&ab_channel=KenJee
I applied in hopes that I could get mentorship when it comes to looking for an entry-level data analyst job. All I got was it said I am a bit too early and should brush up on my fundamentals. My goal is to someday be a data scientist, but I realize that is going to take me several months if not years to obtain such role, and have since been solely focusing on acquiring enough skills to land an entry-level data analyst job. I was unable to get assistance from the VA to pursue a master's in data science degree, so now I am left to my own defenses in learning these skills on my own. I have been using Python (Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, Seaborn) for nearly a year now.  I have completed a handful of data analyst projects and posted them on GitHub. I have over a year with using SQL. I am now taking a Coursera course on Tableau and working on an Oracle Database Administrator certification course. How much longer will it take for me to land an entry-level data analyst job? I am doing what I can to not have to take out more student debt for a CS degree.
A great video with so much knowledge and handy pick up things to improve for oneself. That portfolio looks smooth, any possibility you might do another video on portfolio building (feat data professor)? Would love it!
I'm currently a CS student. Would that help me land a data scientist job even without acquiring a masters degree in data science?
Hi Ken, i am currently doing masters in statistics, and thinking about doing an M.Sc in data Scienc. After graduating my main focus is landing a job in statistics related field. Which one do you think is better? M.Sc in Statistics or M.sc in Data Science from the perspective of landing a job?
Guys how to make "skills enclosed in the box" eg. Python, Keras? Check 3:49. Those look so awesome!. How to make them in LibreOffice?  Help!
Thanks, Ken Jee for the sharing another awesome video! His clean and neat CV is something I want to make on my own. Is there any paid/non-paid platform where I can make the CV in similar template?
Can we please talk about how he actually replied to everyone?!
1 question: once you’ve done an initial commit and the website is up, how do you then do a small update? Do you edit it locally again and upload the whole “public” folder again to the GitHub repo? Or is there some more efficient way?
Great analysis as always Ken! I have a query, I have been working as a Data scientist for past 4 years in IT services firm and have delivered projects in Engineering domain(customers in manufacturing , aero, auto etc) . Even though I have some good projects(the ones I delivered for the customers)  to showcase on CV, I don't have a proper GitHub profile because I cant recreate the projects I did in GitHub  because of customer /project confidentiality.  In this case what would be your advice on building a solid GitHub profile, which datasets / project I can work on?
Hey, Ken! Would it be alright if I just put links to my Kaggle notebooks in my GitHub portfolio or are there some important benefits from basically copying into GitHub repos?
Any recommended text books?
could you address the gap issue if someone has couple of years gap since he/she graduated.
Hey Ken, so I have a project where I train a neural network to determine if a piece of text is toxic or not. However, during the exploration portion of the data, racial and homophobic slurs are shown (graphs and word cloud) to emphasize that they are the most common toxic words. How would I go about saying that I do not condone these words?
Hey ken can you do another series of building a data science project form scratch?? That series was a great learning experience for me.. thanks for what you’re doing for us.
The only project I've completed so far is the titanic set. should I even bother putting this into a portfolio seeing as how everyone has seen it before and it has solutions posted?
Best? Are we now choosing favorite children, now?? Just teasing, great work, Ken! (and very clean portfolio, Pranay!)
Hey Ken I have two questions regarding CV. Should the projects and work experience be above educational qualifications? Would you recommend a 2-3 pages CV which is much clearer and larger in fonts or a single page CV like that of this guy?
Hey Ken, amazing video - I always appreciate your material. I’m currently working in a fairly big bank as a data analyst, the job doesn’t require the use of very strong programs, excel and Adobe at best. Before I started this job I wasn’t 100% on going into DS but now that I am, would you say it’d be a good move to do a master’s in DS to try and move into more pure blooded data scientist roles? Or is it realistically possible to do that by self teaching with the help of kaggle etc? for context, I have a solid BSc in Maths/Stats so I’ve had a little exposure to R and Python. Thanks in advance!
I do not know why all salary estimate values are repeated,  I followed your video and fix it the same as you then I copy the source code but the salary estimate keeps repeated ,do you have any solution ? Thanks a lot for these videos, they are really helpful.
Hi can you help me to decide what should I can do? Like I am working on. SAP CMMS as end user. But I start using power bi for my trends and other calculations. I felt I am good in learning DAX and I like to organize data in power i by making data model ad etc. Now I want to change my career to IT field. Can I go with SAP HANA to or PYTHON like I don’t know which is best for future job option or can we relate both
Where can I find the file "Public"?
Hello Ken. How can I get to reach you? Kindly
what are the odds of self-teaching data science and landing a job ( in comparison with software engineering)?
Hi. Great videos. I have started learning DS using kaggle and coursera online course by university of Michigan. Right now I am doing it on my laptop which has windows 10, i5 7th gen U processor and 940mx gpu. My question is in future which hardware should I opt for. Should I go for pc or mac?
I want to ask you a question and ı hope you will answer. I am willing to be a data scientist. After 3 years, ı can have a job because i am in a college right now and student of statistics and computer science program. And my question is; will data science job die until i get the job or data science will die in the future?
Does he have a LinkedIn?
On Google: https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9mZWVkcy5idXp6c3Byb3V0LmNvbS8xNDMwMDQxLnJzcw?sa=X&ved=0CAMQ4aUDahcKEwjQ2bGBhfbsAhUAAAAAHQAAAAAQAQ
Had a great time speaking with Andrew! Make sure you check out his video where he interviews me on his channel! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1_n6Fh3eXA&list=PLQSZ4zLrngv-PpsVjBBUme7NSQUHnZduQ&index=2&ab_channel=DataLeap
Andrew's Channel: https://www.youtube.com/c/DataLeapTech?sub_confirmation=1
Andrew's Channel Intro: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5V4JQNEjmps&list=PLQSZ4zLrngv-PpsVjBBUme7NSQUHnZduQ&index=1
Data Professor Collab: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Z07lTpP9q0&list=PLQSZ4zLrngv-PpsVjBBUme7NSQUHnZduQ&index=11&ab_channel=DataLeap
How He Landed a Data Analyst Job in Less Than a Year | Subscriber Interview : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsGKZe4dVyk&ab_channel=KenJee
How She Dominated the FANG Data Science Interview | Tina Huang: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfV4nm004VQ&ab_channel=KenJee
Hey Ken, What kind of projects people with 5 years of exp should have if they are willing to move into Data Science? What extra things do we add to get calls for the interview?
I am doing Masters in Business intelligence and data analytics and i have started with Python for now and been a month already. Should I learn R by side with Python because it’s in our syllabus or should I start ML now? Also i am almost done with Statistics too. Please suggest. Also if anything you can suggest me from your end it will be really helpful,thank you.
Hi Ken, I am a PhD graduate in Information and Communication Engineering (India).My research work was in the domain of Wireless communications. I want to become a Data Scientist. Please suggest me the steps I should take in order to achieve my goal. Is it ok to gain knowledge through online ed-tech platforms? Is certification mandatory in order to become a data scientist? Hope you ll answer my queries!!! Thanking you in advance!!!
When I create a local server with Hugo, I expected it to be running at localhost:1313/ but then it's created at localhost:1313/Portfolio instead. Does anyone know how to prevent it?
Can you recommend any of the datasets in kaggle to begin with.
I wanna ask you one question K'Jee, from india how many views you will get in your total views ?
I’ve been kind of afraid to ask this question, but what do you think is the major difference between a data scientist and statistician? Sometimes the line gets very thin between the two
Can i pursue ML/AI after electrical engineering ???
Good day! Do we need math for DS?
On Google: https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9mZWVkcy5idXp6c3Byb3V0LmNvbS8xNDMwMDQxLnJzcw?sa=X&ved=0CAMQ4aUDahcKEwjQ2bGBhfbsAhUAAAAAHQAAAAAQAQ
Do we need to learn programming to become a data scientist?
How about a video of making the transition from graduate school in the life sciences to data science. I know you can get data science certificates. What steps should people with PhDs not in CS (eg biology/genomics) take while they’re in grad school?
Are there any people here who managed to get into DS with an undergraduate degree in CS ? I am still first year but I wonder whether it is possible to get a DS job as a fresh CS undergrad.
Hi there Ken! As always, your video is really helpful for someone who just started learning about data science, in the line 41 and 42, why would you apply the lower/upper change only to data.desc.head instead of data.head? Thanks for the informative video, I learned a lot from it!!
I started it late but was highly recommended by a friend to do it. But I am missing the track like which videos belong to which day. Could you suggest how should I filter that (which video belong to day1 , day 2 etc.)? Eagerly looking for your help
I have finished the basics of python and the Pandas course on Kaggle. I'm planning to pick Geospatial analysis and my next pick. Am I good to go to proceed to hands-on these projects? If not, could you please refer me to what should I pick next.
Loving this project/resume series - it's just full of useful tips. I'm just about to start an MSc Data Science and I'm planning to do some project work to complement the course content. I saw that you did your undergraduate in Economics, do you have any tips for an economics undergraduate transitioning to DS?
Thank you Ken Jee for this amazing content! Now a days it becomes my habit to watch your channel and more I watch your contents, I learn something new and that's how you became my inspiration. I am a M.Sc. Operational Research student and I need some career advise/ guide in the field of Data Science. Should I ask my doubts here or is there any way to ask them? Please let me know.
How can a novice start journey about statistics and probability for data science. If possible could you please provide any resources, books so that we can learn enough to land myself into Data Science field.
What do you think about codewars/ leetcode?
Does it feel relevant to advance coding skills in python to a really high level? For example, does it make sense to invest time to become kata 5 in codewars or to solve medium difficult level in leetcode?
Hi Ken, thanks a lot for these informative videos.. For a beginner, to whom this video is intended, how many weeks would it take to complete these 3 preliminary projects? Lets say, if one were to devote a couple of hours every day to work on these ( 2 hours is an guesstimate because at this preliminary stage, most learners are balancing full time job or education ).. I ask this, because I want to follow the path but not have unrealistic expectations and beat myself.. at the same time, I would like to know what a reasonable timeframe for completion would be..
As I have no internship or education directly link to programming I would like to create a Github page to show to the company that I'm still competent. I'm looking for a job as data analyst in the oil and gas area. Do you have some ideas about projects that I could do? Thank you in advance!
When I ran  : 'scores = cross_val_score(reg4,x4,y4, cv=5, scoring= 'neg_mean-squared-error')'. Here was the bug I got:
Could you assist please
Why don't you use ig ken???? I wish I could follow you😣🥺
Hi, the data analysis thing looks so awesome, and I think I would have the time learn a few things since I'm currently in the last year of my Senior years. I want to enter the data science field, but also want to take Math as a major in college. Do you think it would be beneficial for me to take Math as major?
I did this on my own data and the r-squared is 0.15 and average of the mean absolute error is -592780108. Anyone got super off results like this?
Hey Ken, i have applied for a 6 months data science course which will probably help me get a job by the time it's over. Do you think I'll be able to grasp it all in such a short period of time with basic programming knowledge in python?
Hey everyone, how's your progress? I'm sharing a template I created, you can make a copy and use it to track your daily Data Science activities: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1V9FKGREWCjv6sJ2pADT29iMoxTw_BfKOraGKCpYB_MY/edit#gid=1603444521
When I am using [1] then it's giving me max value but not min with [0]
Hey ken, I am a  Full stack developer  with 3 years of experience . And want to be a data scientist but have no CS or related degree. So if I take a bootcamp and certificate both and some online courses in Udemy of (Calculus, Linear Algebra, Statistics and probability). Will it lend me a job of data scientist?
I think it was one of Krish Naik's video called "How To Learn Data Science Smartly?" that saved me where he explains why we shouldn't try  to learn each aspect of data science separately, but rather find some data science projects and learn different topics with context by reverse engineering.
Hi.. I'm a MBA graduate with some 7 months of experience in HR, now I'm thinking about changing my career to data science, I signed up in Kaggle and started learning python, should I do any certifications course to get a job? And also I'm 25 now, is it too late to start from zero?.. pls suggest me something
When you said, that you don't think you have come far, I wanted to add one detail. I don't remember exactly where I have this "way of thinking" from, but it was very inspiring to me.
Can you Make a Video About writing an article(like medium)? How to Start and How to Write Useful Content with good edit and format.
Haven't told you that before, but it seems we have something in common! -> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnqZl_blT7E :P
Why those three clocks have three different time showing?
Hello there! How did Deepak create a portfolio like this? It's awesome! I already have a github and LinkedIn detailed but not a portfolio, it's gorgeous and very attractive. I really want to explore more in depth this option :) especially because I'm searching for a job right now. Nice video BTW, I just discovered you, you really seems a nice guy.
Hey could you please get back to me on discord?
question ; if someone has statistics bachelor degree but never worked on the major , is it easy to start the career after 8 years of graduation ?
Is it possible to learn data science and get u know a real job, if u didn't study it in school just Learn it by yourself?
can we add url instead of user names ?
- Do I need to use same transformation technique on all the features even though that technique may not be good for other feature?
- Do I need to use transformation on dependent variable too?
Hey Ken, I’m. Recent graduate with a Biology and Business (Finance and Econ) undergraduate degree and some familiarity with data analysis (Excel, Stata, SQL (a little)). I have a job in management consulting starting in January and am looking to strengthen my data skills. Which of these (If any) would be best for me?
Hello Ken ! I´m from Brasil ! This is courses is for beginer ?
I greatly appreciate your channel.  I am always trying to figure out if it's best to concentrate on learning how to use one tool like Pyramid and be proficient, especially when you don't quite have the time to learn to code as well.  What's your take?
I am a .NET MVC Full stack developer with 5 years of exp, but I am really fascinated with the concepts of NLP and CV. I set forth on my learning journey 2 months ago, using MOOCs to have a fair idea of ML. Now I have basic background into different models, plotting, EDA etc. and Python. Should I first perfect ML before moving to NLP, or should I change career into ML and then continue to pursue NLP? How should I set a timeline around this? Will my exp still be valid?
Hi, thanks for sharing with us this tips. At the moment I’m studying physics degree, and also learning python skills apart from the ones taught in the university. I don’t know if I’m in the right path to become a data scientist. Is the physics degree useful for it?
Is it necessary to do a online course to become a data science?
Hi Ken jee, what is the process and techniques to do data mining ?? , do I need to do separate course on data mining for datascience?? I'm stuck in this phase  pls help me out this
Hey Ken do you have an email to reach out for more help?  Im new to data science but im having issues importing panda on spyder Error: (ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'panda')  I uninstalled all python programs because I thought it couldnt find the panda location but its still giving me the same error.I tried going on reddit but couldnt find a fix hopefully someone here can help thank you!
I had a question regarding the scope of Data Science in the Automotive Industry.Can you help?
Can you make a video on a project, where you predict the number of views you'll get in a week/month for that video?
Great video sir, I want to know how exactly can we cite others work if we used their work in our projects?
Hi Ken. Great video and walk-through. One question - why have you created dummy variables on the numeric features?
On Google: https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9mZWVkcy5idXp6c3Byb3V0LmNvbS8xNDMwMDQxLnJzcw?sa=X&ved=0CAMQ4aUDahcKEwjQ2bGBhfbsAhUAAAAAHQAAAAAQAQ
Check out his channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4grp4LnKaVvL-6lr6nCh4w?sub_confirmation=1
I'm confused on how to add the code, do I upload the csv file to the line of code? How do I do this?
How to get real world projects?
Hey Ken, really informative video, thanks. I'm a 29 year old accountant looking to make the move into data science/artificial intelligence. I'm looking at doing a part time masters over 2 years in Computer science & Artificial intelligence from a good university in England. My original degree was in economics so I have a bit of a statistical/mathematical background. If I build a portfolio of projects over the 2 years what do you think my chances will be of landing a decent data science job once I graduate? Thanks.
Hey bro, when doing the stimulation using python, does it predicts future who's gonna win? I'm using excel right now and it's just the basic stats but it works. I want to learn more, do you have a series of videos on this? Thanks!
Which tool is he using for the notes again!?
What do you think of using pre-trained models and creating useful applications out of it? Would that still count as a portfolio project?
Do you think there is merit in making resumes and cover letters using Latex?
Reviewing my own resume:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsXWVPzwZPk&list=PL2zq7klxX5ARwEq13TVSxcKmx6pVv2R2B&index=10&t=0s&ab_channel=KenJee
For a data analyst how important are hackathons when job hunting?
How important certifications are? Especially when you don't have much work experience. Is it worth to get some to prove that you have the skill or it's not that necessary ?
How can i start learning programming from zero knowledge
Can I have your contact details?? I have some doubts regarding masters in datascience
can I know which is the note taking app which you are using?
With that context - do you suggest I go masters, boot camp, certificate, or continued self-study after that?
Hi Ken, great work, I am also taking part in the amazing #66DaysOfData, great initiative, it's motivating me so much you have no idea! I can't thank you enough for this. What's the name of the app you're using in the video to take notes? Thanks again
Bro can u make more series like this? This inspires a lot
Always loves your video. You are inspiration I work so hard learning this field. Could you please help me in some of the topics I asked you on #66DaysOfData? I am stucked and I really need some help.
Just a quick question how much tensorflow and tableau needed for a data science job?
could talk about github repos that are great exemples of very well coded end-to-end data science projects?
I watch some kind of Data Science videos everyday , so that is why you are in my recommendations a lot . But this particular night I suddenly got really anxious that I wouldn’t be good enough , and your video popped up at the same moment and I clicked instantly because I wanted to feel some wave of calmness . Does this come of as creepy? Sorry about that ! 😂 ! But yeah, I’m calmer now . :) eeps
Thanks for watching everyone! Keep up the great work with the #66DaysOfData Challenge! More info on that here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXLnbdHMf8w&ab_channel=KenJee
1:30 Why is it important to learn from other's code?
I have already undertaken Coursera's IBM data science professional certificate and about to finish it this week. As a beginner I learnt a lot but  feel there is still a long way to go!! Do you think this certificate and projects of my own will help me fetch a job in this field?
Soo....8-10 hours a day 5-7 days a week for three years... that was too much?
Do you have any links to flaskwrapper samples?
Can a beginner join? I am interested in data science (in plant breeding)
Thank you Ken! I’ve been digging through your channel lately and it’s great. I graduated with a degree in mechanical engineering but I really want to go into the data science space. Would you suggest getting a masters?
When you say you will start Kaggle projects, which projects in particular will you be attempting?
Is data science mainly used to do evil such as face recognition and surveillance in communist China? I've just completed first and second stage working on C++,  and I'm presently doing research for next stage of study.
If I have opportunity to choose between Data Science and Computer science major then which one will be better?
Holding a bachelor degree in petroleum engineering but in the past few months i grew passion in DS. Equipped with intermediate python skill (self taught) , might get a DS job someday. Kindly advise whether i should get a degree in computing ? is it necessary to get a degree to land a job in these field ?
Hey , man great insight,  I'm a brand new student and 2 years away from getting my batchelor in data science  at city tech my only fear is that I won't get a job because my school is not prestigious. Is this a real issue?
did the #66dayofdara app work for you ???
So what were her projects that had value to others?
Sir I am from india . How can I get a data scientist job abroad? Do I need appear in toefl or ielts for that?
On Google: https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9mZWVkcy5idXp6c3Byb3V0LmNvbS8xNDMwMDQxLnJzcw?sa=X&ved=0CAMQ4aUDahcKEwjQ2bGBhfbsAhUAAAAAHQAAAAAQAQ
How Tina got her first internship: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rx1i1J4m4MQ
Hey - could I email you about this? I would really like your guidance. I've done some python (basic programming, numpy, pandas), basic probs and stats (pdf, cdf, distributions). I started the Titanic problem on kaggle, and I'm working my way towards a solution. Is this a good way to study? Look for problems and then Google/read your way towards a working solution. I tend to stick to traditional ways of studying-- do all the theory at once and then get to problem solving. Please please please respond with your thoughts!
What if I don't have a twitter account, how can i follow you along?
Hey, Question! I'm going to be graduating with a Bachelors Degree in CS this Spring, but I would love to pivot into Data Science, particularly in the sports field. Do I need a masters, or something else? thanks.
Hey man, where do you get your shirts?
Can you elaborate a bit more about this venture funded ML predictor? Around 4:30
I am just finished computer engineering and i am thinking of entering into data science. I want to apply for an online masters degree. What do you think??
Hey Ken, I've a question. Since I saw your video where you built a project from scratch and I discovered pd.apply(), I feel that I've been abusing it. I've read more about the function and sometimes another implementations are faster. When do you decided to not use pd.apply() and use other methods?
Thanks for accepting my invitation on LinkedIn. Can you please review my profile as well?
What do you mean by benchmarking your model? Great video!
Hey Ken - Would you consider a BA in Psych and an  MS in Human-Computer Interaction enough of a formal education to learn on my own and land a job?
hey ken quick question. When describing ones skills with ML on the resume, is it better to name specific models, or more general techniques? i.e Skills: Machine Learning (linear regression, svm, PCA, etc...) vs. Skills: Machine Learning (Regression, Classification, Dimensionality Reduction etc..). Thanks for all the videos you put out, and thanks for reading!
Hi. I have learned some basics of scikit learn and machine learning, is there any specific source you would recommend for learning more of data handling and preprocessing? Thanks : )
Hi ken, do you think a github portfolio is better than a personal website that contains all your information and projects ? Or should I do both. Thank you
I am currently an Electrical Engineer and I always felt that my strongest side was in programming and mathematics. I always struggled with the hardware side of EE and was looking to change into another major. What are your opinions on a switch to DS? I have taken Statistics before and enjoyed the class as a tid bit.
So I watched your Udemy course and how you talked about reaching out to recruiters or just in general experienced people and how you should try to schedule a call within a specific timeframe. You also said it's always a good idea to try and give "something back", so to offer to the other person some sort of help. My question would be, what type of help can someone offer, when they are a student or just in general less experienced?
Would you please guide me through this journey?
Hi Ken what would you suggest for variable engineering, EDA and data visualization? Welding etc.
Hello Ken! I want to thank you for all the great videos you provide that really help us, the ones that are interested in entering the field of data science. I saw a video of yours where you suggested that for landing a job in the field it's good to have like 4 projects: using regression, classification, clustering, and DL or NLP. My question is after I saw the great work Darwin did, is it enough to just focus on like 2 projects or 1 that are/is in our field of interest is? That maybe the number of projects doesn't matter but the quality and the way you present them do?
Thanks bro! Do you have a goodreads profile?
How to use different Hugo theme ?? Like academia etc. I don't want to use anake theme. Awesome content! Subscribed!
What keyboard is that? 👀
Hi, I am a beginner. Could you please tell me how to check if my approach to a particular competition/problem is correct or not?
Edit: maybe just ignoring the sci-kit info for now? I think I'm in a position where I actually need to learn a lot and I am curious about R specific resources
How to follow if not on Twitter?
Is it on youtube only?
Question: what are you using that small whiteboard on your desk for? I have a similar one that I’m trying to determine a purpose for. . .
Hi Ken, I am an Entrepreneur in manufacturing and holds a masters degree in manufacturing as well. Due to pandemic I had to close my business and am looking for opportunities in data science. I have completed few courses including the zero to mastery course by Daniel bourke which helped me create a lot of interest in this field. I am hoping to relate data science with manufacturing. Can you advise me about the same. Is it possible to find a job in data science as I am from a different educational background?
Do all data scientists work from home?
Hey, Ken. A question. Is learning Google Data Studios would be useful to a Data Science person?
Man why do you have 3 clocks of the same design all telling the different time?
Hi Ken! I have seen that the Practical Statistics for Data Scientists book is based on R. Isn't it confusing if you want to focus on Python, or you just want to get the statistics part? Thanks.
Count me in Kanjee. Let me follow u on twitter. But I do not have 365 subscription. I do have datacamp. Is it fine?
Discord or slack channel?
I really want to follow on this initiative, but have a question. I have already taken the Kaggle micro courses (Python, Pandas, Data Visualization, and Intro to Machine Learning). Is that okay if I already have somewhat of a headstart? I am starting to learn now some machine learning, but with a different book. It is from O'Reilly and called Introduction to Machine Learning with Python (another book I can recommend and a bit tight on buying new books). Would that be ok?
Thanks for the recommendations Ken! I really appreciate it. I want to dive into machine learning, but my math and statistics knowledge are not good enough yet. Do you think the book Think Stats is a good book to learn statistics basics? After learning statistics, the book Hands On Machine Learning is good for beginners?
hi i graduate in civil engineering and i want to work with data science. I've been learning for 3 months and planning my next step . Do you think i should do another graduation or just some especialization on the field?
I bought the 365 data science complete bootcamp on udemy. Would that work along with your initiative?
Great initiative! Would there be a slack or discord channel where people who want to follow you on this journey can update?
Hi Ken, could you post your daily work on LinkedIn as well besides Twitter?
Hey ken! I dont have twitter. Do you have a discord group where we can collaborate as a community, share progress, learn and motivate each other? :)
I think one of the biggest obstacles of learning python is actually practicing the syntax and memorizing the many different functions needed to code. Any websites you’re using to practice the syntax/functions and solving given problems that are common when using python?
Hi Ken! This initiative is amazing! Are you going to upload videos during the 66 days? Or just sharing the process through your Twitter account?
Thanks, ken for sharing...excited to start the #66daysofData...one question from you WHY THERE ARE THREE CLOCKS ON THE WALL? JUST CURIOUS😅😅😅😅... TO KNOW OR IT'S JUST  FOR A SHOWCASE!!!!
Will you also upload YouTube videos on what you are learning?
Twitter, why not LinkedIn??
Hi Ken, this is so exciting for me. Really looking forward to this initiative and I just wanted to ask why twitter and not Linkedin? for posting the daily updates :)
What a irony ken sir !
Can you create a video comparing data science or fields of DS and Actuary
Can you add linear algebra as well? It is taught in Applied.ai course and I'm searching for resources to learn it and haven't found anyone yet...
Finally 66 days of data is here!!!!!?
Hello Ken, great to see this. Do we have any prerequisites for this serie?
How about meeting on a regular basis on Kaggle and talking about our progresses? And, of course, help each other out, share notes and, even better, work together on a project once we're good enough one of these days? :)
Now question: Could you and us the rest of your community also have some discussion on, say, Kaggle on regular basis? I feel like that, for newcomers like me, it would help navigate the kaggle "maelstrom" and be less intimidated, as well as having a clearer road map.
Why is Ken Jee playing dota for 66 days? 😂
how long do you plan on grinding each day.
Hey Ken! Can beginners follow along in #66DaysofData as well? I'm really new to the field of data science.
How to Approach Almost Any ML Problem: https://amzn.to/3hJ8acM
Where to start learning data science: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqPquogHwq0
Best free online courses: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ip50cXvpWY4
Interview with Abhishek: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5v_ulmGv-gc
Data analytics has a future?
Why is it inclusive for .loc but exclusive for .iloc for the end of the range? I got confused for a while there thinking that I missed something lol.. really great content Ken! I just started getting into data science and your videos helped me a lot, thanks a lot man
Does the course contain end to end projects? Or it's just on how to build your portfolio and how to behave in a data science interview and what should you expect?
Hey Ken, would you say knowing Algorithms is important for becoming a data scientist? I love deep learning and analytics but heavy CS topics like Algorithms or Data Structures bore me to death
Have you ever thought about uploading episodes like this as Podcast, too?
You have mentioned starting with python or R, but how important is SQL? Do you think learning SQL would be good for someone just learning to code?
I have an undergraduate degree in finance, and I am considering entering the data science field. The local university offers a post-baccalaureate certificate in data analytics. I would only need to take a few courses to complete the certificate such as data mining, database management, and big data management.  Do you think this is a good way to start in data analytics?  The courses I complete for the certificate would also count towards a master's in data analytics.
Hey Ken! Is programming really important?  I’m not really good at programming 😅
Great video! Have you tried working with some linux distribution?
What use C as my programming language, is it fine or will it be useless?
Hi @Ken Jee, thank you for this vid informative video (couldn't find elsewhere). I wanna become a Political Analyst, where Sentimental Analysis is more used rather than statistics! Can you help me direct how can I achieve that? I am Pol science student with foundational knowledge in Python and still learning it!
Could you recommend some book/s that cover the probablity and statistics needed for data science? Thanks!
Completely agreed. However, would this be a step after you get proficient with coding in python and stats/machine learning algorithms for coding interviews?
Where can I get Andrew Wang's Course?
Hi ken, I have only one internship related to Data science, but I also worked in a Newsagent, a hostel, and I taught English as a voluntary project. Do you think I should mention them as well ? Or just compensate my lack of experience with more projects and mention that one internship ? Thank you for your time. I really respect you for answering most if not all of the comments on your videos.
On Google: https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9mZWVkcy5idXp6c3Byb3V0LmNvbS8xNDMwMDQxLnJzcw?sa=X&ved=0CAMQ4aUDahcKEwjQ2bGBhfbsAhUAAAAAHQAAAAAQAQ
How about data analytics? I studied computer science and I feel that I'm not confident in programming yet. And I feel that Data Science needs more programming and statistics than Data analytics. So, should I start with Data analytics? thoughts?
Congratulations on hitting 80K (and growing) subscribers. Have you now altered your goal viewing from the traffic/analytics on your channel?
Is freelancing a viable option for a data science career? Or do you have to stick with one company?
Hey Ken, can you recommend the best universities to get a master's degree in DS?
I watch your videos that are awesome. I am a biggner and want to learn data science form very zero. Soo.. plz tell me from where I should start my journey?
Sir just one question do I really need to be an expert in maths for being a data scientist ?  I'm actually not from Mathematics field , should a pursue or drop . 🙏
How would you treat the udacity nanodegrees as, inbetween bootcamp and certificates or more towards the certificate side??
For my situation I have an electrical eng background with some minor programming exp, off the top off my head I'd probably upskill in statistics and programming on top of the data science skills to build my foundation, right?
sir how to get notification on email if some one is entering there details on your portfolio?
Data science vs data analytics what’s the difference?
Which is better internships or work as a freelancer ?
Why people dislike this? wtf
My Resume Review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsXWVPzwZPk
I learned python during the quarantine. I also want to make projects that got me into the data science field though I'm not familiar with ml concepts, I'm learning them. I want some project ideas that I could add to my resume. Right now I'm doing some beginners level project like Titanic survival and wine quality one. But I want projects that could get me jobs. Any idea where I can search for them?
How to interact on kaggle to attract the attention of other people, the kind that are helpful and, likewise, how can a newbie, like me, make a contribution ourselves as beginners on kaggle.
Hi Ken, you recommended having some sort of data collection element involved in our projects but how would you show that? Other than including the datasets in your project files & explaining in a writeup, is there any way to show people what your data collection process is?
Also, would you be able to make a video on working with big data / hadoop sometime in the future (if that's something you've had experience with)?
When do we remove the NaN or null values and outliers in the dataset?
Can someone who’s not so good with Maths go for data science career path
Hello, where do you recommend learning the necessary statistics needed for Data Science?
Thanks a lot Ken! Can you please make a video on what software and programming skills are essential for a data scientist job? I am currently learning deeplearning in python. But I am still pretty weak in data visualization and plotting. What should I learn for data visualization? Which libraries in python or what other softwares should I learn to use?
Wow, a very detailed lesson on single and multi regression with cross-validation. regarding your comment to have the actual selling price information, is it for error computation or for model fitting? will there be leakage if use in model fitting? thanks.
Is it alright to learn DS if the language you're using is c++?
Is competitive programming good for data scientist and if someone has participated into it and got a good result so can he mention that in his/her resume?
Thanks for this intro and starting with anaconda, it very easy to follow. i had been using jupyter since 365, kind of only one i used. i understand spyder can see the variable and dataframe easily. i have a question for the same code and dataset, which will run faster? spyder or jupyter? Thanks
Does the dislike button hurt or help creators?
What was his resources again data camp and data class ..?where will I get it?
Hi Ken, Thank you very much for sharing these info!! I am following you as a guide for my Data Science journey, so I really appreciate everything you do! Currently I am an account Manager but I feel burning in me the love for data science. Data are my daily bread, so I would like to manage data in a deep way and creating new value by doing it.  I agree that the best way for learning Data Science is by doing projects, so do you think that the best could be finding projects for "beginners" on Kaggle or it could be better to do Kaggle projects without any kind of "limit" (so in this case just with the purpose of increasing skills by doing different kind of data analysis)?  Thank you again Ken and have a great day :)
Hey Ken, what are some good reads you recommended for building Data science knowledge?
Ken I'm curious as to why you prefer spyder over jupyter? Just your preferred editor?
Is anyone else going to get the course just hear Ken's voice?? 🙋🏿‍♂️
why don't you come live for solving any data science case study so that we can code and solve along with you the case problems and learn from your approach? I and my friends would love you to watch that, if possible for you. By the way, watched and loved your every content
Do you think this course can be done in a day, like 6 - 8 hours in total? Also, do you go through an in-depth analysis about python or is it just rudimentary information about python? I want to get better at my python skills.
What a great clickbait title, I like it :D
My college is sponsoring all courses on Coursera till end of September and I'm completing courses and their assignments for about 6-8hrs a day. I have so many personal projects in mind which I wanna do but I'm not able to decide should I stop taking those courses and just do my projects instead? I'm learning new stuff all the time through those courses and they great. Currently completing the 'Applied Data Science with Python Specialization' and I plan on doing the Deep Learning Specialization after completing this one, what do you think I should do? Thanks for reading till the end.
I'm doing the Data Science Professional Certification by IBM on Coursera. What's your opinion on it? I really hope it's worth it. I'm at course 5 out of a total of 9. Started just 1.5 months ago and I'm overwhelmed by the amount of topics I need to learn. One thing that really bothers me is that I don't know how deeply I need to understand a particular topic. For example, python. Numpy, pandas, etc. How much of it is required to be able to work effectively with data? Any suggestions Ken?
I think we all would agree with that 7:31 😆Is that a Joby tripod I see in the background?  Awesome gear 😃
will you provide certificate? how do you compare coursea vs 365datascience?
Hey Ken, surely gonna check out your course! Could you also do a course specifically for sports analytics??
especially for more of a machine learning engineering, rather than DS role, do you think this course would be a good fit?
Udemy (Just my course): https://www.udemy.com/course/how-to-start-a-career-in-data-science/?referralCode=62D60958ED4D86A09314
where did you go to college and what did you major in? I really like your videos!
This channel makes data science more easy to digest piece by piece in an interesting way! Also how old are you at this point and what age did you get your sports analysis job? Just need to get a relative idea of my progress lmao
This is a useful video to introduce newbie like me when we're ready to start our own projects. In fact, and since I've started your"Data science project from scratch" series, it seems like this one, or a remade one (it seems the sound is a bit lower here, mic issues?) , this video or kind or video would be ideal for an episode "zero" of "Data Science project from scratch".
What he said about "not understanding Kaggle notebook" is very relatable! I'm a software developer and I started taking interest in data science.
When I read other people's work on Kaggle the first time, I got discouraged because I didn't understand their thought process. As I started doing more courses online through Kaggle, taking other courses, and just playing around with some dataset, I slowly began to understand other people's work.
What would you recommend for learning Excel skills for Data Analysis (some book or course, doesn't matter)? Learned Basics of Python/IPython, NumPy, started Pandas and then checked vacancies in my country and find out that for Entry Level in Data Analyst usually required Excel (pivot tables, DAX formulas, Power Query) and SQL (+ PowerBI, but it usually not in "must have section").
Can you please recommend a book or any material for analytics in soccer(football) ?
hey, Ken Jee why are there 3 clocks behind you?
Great Video Ken, Thanks , in my other Channel ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bY5_YVQHrto&t=37s) I have reviewed DataCamp and DataQuest courses ( in Arabic and in English) and I agree with him , DataQuest content is much better than DataCamp.
If anyone can afford only one platform, which one to choose; DataCamp, DataQuest, 365DataScience? Please provide your suggestions.
What is your opinion on this Sir, Correct me and suggest me ?
On Google: https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9mZWVkcy5idXp6c3Byb3V0LmNvbS8xNDMwMDQxLnJzcw?sa=X&ved=0CAMQ4aUDahcKEwjQ2bGBhfbsAhUAAAAAHQAAAAAQAQ
Data Science Motivation & Productivity: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akbU9KOo_Qc
The Stages of Learning Data Science: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpMc6TgT34I
Shit 5 months is quick? So in the meanwhile what do you do? Work at Mac Donald’s or live with your parents?
Is RegEx really that important for NLP/Text mining in data analytics?
If it is then how can i master it?
Hey man, thank you for this video. Well what I want to achieve is to land an internship and I'm a total beginner. How should I take this up from bagging a job point of view?
What steps should I take now and after completing my degree ?
Should I do Post Graduation in Data Science or learn by myself ? What is best for me ? Please guide me
I'm a civil engineer with SQL and Python experience. I'm thinking of getting a Masters in Data Science to transition fully into the data science field. Any advice? I have the math foundation as we had to take up to non linear differential equations for the math minor. I'm looking at WGU.
Could it be possible for future similar videos to have it in several parts? Or, at the very least, to timestamp the different section of your handling of a particular problem? I feel like it could be very valuable, especially for very recent newcomers like me.
Could you please share the template of your resume . I am graduating this year and it would help me a lot .
What's your opinion on putting class projects on github along side one or two of my own projcets? I am now a sophomore and have only started to do my own projects completely on my own. I want to start applying to interships, but feel that only one or two projects of my own is two little.
Word cloud tutorial: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-gin1qfzi0
Great video. Can you link the tutorial you mentioned regarding adding the word cloud to an image?
What constitutes the end of the video? I know some Youtubers put their ads/sponsorships at the end of the video but if someone doesn’t watch that last part of the video because of the ads is that the end of the video? I know the ending screens can take up the last 10 seconds of the video so is it one minute till the end of the video or 10 seconds to the end of the video.
I'm still in college and I am aspiring to be a data scientist later on. I just had a question that considering my current academic condition (year 2) is it all good if I use the code of other users (giving them proper credit of course) for my projects which I intend to present for securing an internship later on?
Bro I am 17. How can I gather experience and knowledge?
Hi, I am from healthcare background, nd i got admission in Canada tor Health Analytics.I don't have prior knowledge in data science but i am interested. But many of my aluminis told this will be very difficult for a person from healthcare background without knowledge in programing nd data science. My program is one year post graduation diploma in Health Analytics in canada.should i change my decision? Can i do this? Can you please guide me
Is there a way to to confuse the algorithm to shuffle random videos instead of the learnt pattern?
Ken Jee, have you some book or video about sport analytics to learn more about this field ? thank you
Hey Ken do you recommend Edureka? I am a complete beginner and am trying to build my programming knowledge specifically for data science. Thanks!
1) Isn't there an Anaconda manager that allows to create and switch to different environments? I mean, you used code lines in cmd but if I'm not wrong that should be done by just clicking some commands in Ananconda navigator. Am I wrong?
2)Tensorflow is a pain for my python version (3.7). Which python version/environment do you suggest for installing and using Tensorflow successfully?
I am curious to hear your definition of 'maximising reach' as it was one of the key takeaways but was seemingly brushed over?
Hi Ken, I am taking online course on data scientist currently, with a institute known as Simplilearn. Not yet complete the whole course, but I am having preliminary exposure on data science using Python and R. Thinking to apply a data science internship to accumulate my working experience. Do you think it is a good time to apply for internship?
Hey Ken! Kind of a random question but, in an interview, how would you go about describing a data science project you did that involved web scraping (in particular the ethics of it)? Big fan!
Thanks for great content, Ken! Can you make a video about math: what kind of math do you use in job, what part of math is need to know necessarily?
Can you ask him/her if they have noticed any (adverse) effects of optimising to boost the viewing time on the long term engagement of a user?
Hi! What's the best major to become a data scientist?
Can I, a person with no maths background or base even think of getting into Data Science?
what about the course that WorldQuant University offers on Data science is it to the standards? The course is free,  can it help one to learn well as a better course material and understand Data science fully
Can anyone please help me?
Hello, I’m a computer programmer.  Been looking at getting into sports analytics. Does being older (36) make it harder to break into this field? It just seems like most of the people I come across in sports analytics are pretty young.
Do you have another way of determining the IDE you want to use outside of it being your preference?
Hey ken, been following you for a while, been studying data science online and wanted to get a complete textbook with all the info, anything you can suggest?
What are some benefits to using spyder as opposed to jupyter notebook for your other steps?  or is this just preference?  GREAT videos man, really enjoy all your content.
At 49:42, you mentioned something that I found really interesting. Namely, that there might be a potential divide of data science jobs in the future. Do you happen to know any other sources (blog posts, YouTube videos etc.) that talk about that idea in more detail?
HI Ken, Has it worked again?
Do u think I should get these math concepts down before learning more python? Also I know I'm already v late (21) but I just find it fascinating and imo just makes me more employable at the end
can anyone please help me with that
Hi, Is it possible to get single tweet by the url only? I found twitterscraper.query.query_single_page(query, 'english', pos, retry=50, from_user='use_id', timeout=60, use_proxy=False), can you give an example, like "https://twitter.com/washingtonpost/status/1293170815052152835" and return a dictionary of info. in this tweet?
researchers or innovators?
How do you deep teach the background cropping around Amina?
Here's playlist of workshops from a school club if anyone was interested in catching up to what I know https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLMSih0au9SsDWnhClQbJLIYnJW9rgILfx
Don't just trust your gut. Watch Nico Gramenz as he explains the value that data brings to decision making. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnceimy4VrU
When i run the program the data starts fetching but after a few records one more pop up appears and the entire process stops!
What should i do?
Thanks for sharing. I want to know what kind of projects should be done in order to get Data Analyst/Business Analyst roles?
I feel like lots of people are getting I to DS, don't u think same?
Hey ken! Would you prefer julia over python?
Can you please help me out.
What kind of equipments do you need to take  a data science course?
im currently doing my bachelors in an electronics major (gonna graduate next year) and wanna go for a ms in data science. do you recommend getting some work exp before that? i don't have any industry exposure, my internships were in the data science field but research-oriented.
What were your skills and education when you applied for the first internship?
What about Masters on Coursera?
I bought a $699 Lenovo IdeaPad flex 5 laptop as i was a newb and didn't know about the gpu requirement. This one has an AMD Radeon gpu. I have the option to cancel the order. Should i cancel it?
1. Let's say I did a project without knowing someone else on the net did something similar to my projects, is it plagiarism ?
2. And if I get ideas from some others projects but codes are not copied at all ? Is it plagiarism ? Or what if I got inspiration from a project but did something completely different from what that project is ? Should I even cite the resources I got the inspiration even though the project is different ?
At the cross validation part, why didn't you check for the R^2 for the 5 different tests too?
You mean to say that plagiarism isn't wrong but not giving credits to the source is wrong  ?
i have given a look at "Sprawlball" on your desk and i have checked on Amazon. It looks like a book that talks about how to analyze basket matches. My questions is: in what ways might reading this book help a data scientist?
Hi Ken, if I copy snippets from your notebook where exactly do I give you credits? In the first cell of my notebook or the last one? And do I just mention your name or do I also add a link to your notebook?
Hello Ken, how can a beginner like me get the most out of GitHub?. I want to enter the data analytics job field one day and I have been doing self-learning.
Hi Ken Jee, thank you so much for sharing your experience on data science. I'm a statistics student and I am interested in data science. I learned some R and C++ programming language in my uni but I'm not that good in programming. Upon graduating, I hesitate on whether to start working or further study in master program. If further study in master program, what course do you suggest? Data science, computer science or any other relevant course?
The question is, how might we seek out whether we have been plagiarized?
The topic of plagiarism concerns youtube too. Do you want evidence?
I would like to make a road map of my data science journey.  How do I learn more about the field of data science and associated disciplines?
Sir I have a bid confusion in field.of data science so please can you provide me your mail ID?
How did you find out that he copied ?
Shadow learning is something very important to learn. Shadows learning suggests learning the first principles from others works . This means learning the thought process and not copying the core work. Most of the researchers have 2 ways of reaching a new success. One is making something better or creating something new. Shadow learning is something Einstein has done it himself. He worked as a clerk in a patent office for years going through the research papers or maxwell's , newtons , etc. Did he copy ? Absoluetly not. When he found out that he was a bit lagging in the math section of E=MC^2 he contacted maxwell for his expertise on the derivations. That's how we have Einsein-Maxwells Equation. See. Einstein himself wasn't shy of giving credit to the fellow scientists. Why should kids like us be shy of mentioning a partner or co worker or the sources name or the persons name ?
Love how you always get straight to the point! So sorry to hear that this happened to you. Would you even write the source if you got some code from Stack Overflow? I probably should start doing that huh...
Is the referencing Okay??
This is a pretty insightful topics in terms of originality regarding projects. Now in terms of the "finding the same dataset someone used and using different algorithms to do some analysis", wouldn't that also kind of include people using common datasets from Kaggle in that case since it's the biggest source for data science projects?
I have a question in regards to your work being original and you having the ability to do it yourself and that being important to employers. So with the web scraper example, would you say that an employer would say that you maybe don't know how to do that? Would they rather you go through and write it out fully yourself, which would've substantially increased the length of that project. And of course, you knew it well enough to modify it. And I will be clear, I am not saying that you should copy it without giving any credit. But if you did what you did, would an employer say you don' t understand. I hope that made sense... Thanks, I appreciate your channel!
If I did want to site your work from your data science project from scratch video, what exact steps would I have to take? Like what is the format for citing work?
Hello, I am from Iran. Could you please guid me to learn a programming  language to find a job In Canada?
Thank you so much for the video! I followed along. Unfortunately I got the result for Salary all the same values. I am from the USA. I checked Inspect section, made sure that it's still "gray salary". Any ideas how I can fix it?
So if I used someone else’s algorithm with totally different datasets, I should cite the person on my project right?
do you pop a Xanax before every video?  Have some inflection in your voice
what do you think is the future of Data Science jobs? Will jobs remains with all this autoML,pretrained model etc and so many people getting training in ML?
Thank you for this informative video Sir, this is truly helpful to young inexperienced present and soon to become data scientists such as myself. As far as plagiarism goes with respect to code I have a question. I'm sure that even on the internet there are some niche, common and popular data sets which are considered to be the kind of must do's for new data scientists. In such a scenario its probable that 2 entirely different unrelated and isolated data scientists decide to use the exact same methodology to analyze the data, in such scenarios how should one go about giving the due credit to the people who have already employed similar if not the same method for analysis?
Additionally on a completely unrelated note I have a school level (class 11th and 12th, high school) coding competition coming up comprising of 2 rounds. The first one being questions related to coding and java, python and c++ and the 2nd round being solving 3 real world problems using code under the span of 1 hour. The second round is purely python coding based. I only know vanilla python well (most of the general functions and methods) and have no experience with either java or c++. I was thinking of learning some modules I've briefly learned the foundations of throughout high school such as numpy, math, csv and either pyqt5 or tkinter. Do you have any tips for me that could help me win this competition? Its my first coding competition and I want to test myself against other coders from other schools and most of all see if my efforts have borne fruit. Any tips or other modules I should revise or learn would be extremely helpful.
What do you think is the future of data scientist? Will there be roles
into it?
How and where can I learn Python Programming from scratch? I have no knowledge in it
Im 20 and know nothing about data science but find the concept of it interesting. Would I need college qualifications in this field to be accepted hypothetically?
How much machine learning theory, hands on do I need to dive into Deep learning ?
What steps should I talk ? Please help
Do you think using Kaggle as portfolio projects is a good idea for data science projects?
Hello there. Thanks for these videos, actually i have a query i am on my way on the data science course from 365 careers on udemy. They will provide us with completion certificate.. so does it give any value to my resume? And what ppl ask in interviews for freshers plz make a specific video on it if possible 😗as experienced ppl know how industry works...
...maybe a raffle for a free DGX for one you subscribers? :D Just a suggestion...
@Ken Jee Hey Ken, I'm 30 and i'm considering really getting into data science and machine learning after going through the field on and off over the last couple of years. Would you say it's pretty late for me to get into the field? Can you suggest ways that late-comers into the field might find an edge for themselves? What would you say or advise as an employer or someone hiring new data scientists? What would make an older applicant/late-comer more of an attractive employee or colleague compared to younger applicants?
On Google: https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9mZWVkcy5idXp6c3Byb3V0LmNvbS8xNDMwMDQxLnJzcw?sa=X&ved=0CAMQ4aUDahcKEwjQ2bGBhfbsAhUAAAAAHQAAAAAQAQ
Why do I feel this guy is pretty pretty awesome
Hey Ken. I really appreciate your videos. I've been studying Data Science, Statistics and coding, and I feel a little lost about how to build a portfolio. Can you suggest me or give me some hints of how to do that?
How is data scientist in india
Is notre dam fire a searched keywords in tweets or what does it refers to ...? And how to add the parameter of hashtag??
How about a movement the other way around, from R to Python? or at least, how to start obtaining some fluency in python when you have started with learning R?
I’m working with a dataset containing around 100,000 rows and my grid search has been running for around 3 hours now (using the same parameters as you). Is this normal? Could Jupyter notebooks potentially be the problem?
Hi Ken. Based on your experience do you think/consider as possible to start a carrer in data science at 28 age?  I studied industrial engineer and I am interested on it but i ask it because of the needed time, average, to become a good data scientist.  Greetings
Hi Ken, thank you for the fantastic video! I am having an issue with my linear regression, I was getting an error that my X_sm was an object so i converted it to a float, but my R-squared value is 1.0 which just doesn't seem to be correct. Any ideas? Thanks again!
Hi Ken, I've been watching your content for a while now, and I love what you put out. Thank you for the videos. I do have a small request. Could you perhaps remove the background music in your videos? Sometimes the music comes off as irritating and given that the main content of your videos is the dialogue, I feel like it's unnecessary to have the background music for the type of videos you make. Keep putting out the great content! I'm learning a lot from you :)
I was thinking as the video went on that you should do another video. It's been almost a year and a comparison would be pretty good. But if you did it live? Then we'd get to see how you would apply data analysis to your YouTube channel. I bet you'd have some really good numbers to report on with pretty steady growth :)
Awesome video Ken, really enjoyed learning from your experiences. I'm an engineering student looking into using consulting as a stepping stone into data science, but your video is giving me some second thoughts about the consulting piece. Are there some red flags about this plan that I'm not seeing? I've reached out on LinkedIn if you'd rather respond over PM. Thanks man!
Hey Kan Lee I am doing a project like foodcouver, but I created a scrapper for various websites. As a result I have thousands of text reviews and ratings. Do you think it is good for a project to mention how did I got the data but no which websites I used? My goal is a recommendation system with aggregated data, of course free. But I am afraid that some of the websites may not like this idea. How am I supposed to scrape if many websites restringe their use? I would like to know what do you think
How much of CS do you actually need? I was planning to do a Math-Physics-Stats combo. Is it important to have a formal degree to progress forward? Because I was planning to do the entire coding part on my own without taking on site classes for that
Hey l just saw your channel which is totally helpful to me.. I am a civil engineer and want to get in this specific field. I haven't started to study yet but I believe that your videos will temp me to do it... And also, do you have an Instagram?
Hey Ken your videos are superb. I recently worked on a dataset. Could you see it is fine or not??
I'm a graduating student in BS Forestry but technology and programming is my passion. Do you think there is a field in Data Science where I can still apply my degree?? And do you think I should take another degree or should I just take Masters and Certificates? Thank you so much this video is very helpful and I like how you still reply to every comments until now.
Are these good to go for, if you are planning to become a data scientist?
I'm using python version 3.8.2 and even after installing wordcloud using pip3, anaconda wouldn't recognise it in the environment. From what I've learnt online after researching I found wordcloud isn't supported for python version 3.7 and above.  What should I do?
How about BlackDeath 🤔🤔🤔
Hello Ken, I was able to scrape 1000 jobs from glassdoor but I noticed all the salary estimates are the same (58-90k). Please what could be wrong?
What I was looking for was something more fundamental, like "Start learning Progamming Logics, then you should tackle the basics of a programming language like R or Python, then you should learn about DB with..."
Again, don't get me wrong. In reality I'm asking you: What are the fundamentals to start to learn this awesome job?
I see the enthusiasm about this topic on your videos and for a long time I had this will to learn, however I'm not a programmer myself, in any language at all. Could you please, help me to find the initial step?
Hey, how do you calc your usual rate? I heard the rule of thumb is 1% of the annual salary per day. Also, do you think that freelancing in data science is the way to go? I'd prefer to work on a project by project basis rather than being an employee and doing the same every month.
Hi Ken, thanks for this awesome series. I'm literally stuck at the end of this tutorial, it looks like stopwords variable isn't really pointing at the Corpusreader object in nltk. I'm getting the error code TypeError: 'WordListCorpusReader' object is not iterable. Any tips?
Sir, Is it beneficial to do Data scientist course with B.Sc in physics or with Bachelor of Computer Application (BCA)?
Thanks for sharing your content. Can you share your experience on some real world project? It will be very helpful. Really appreciate your help!
Thanks very useful video,  may i know for the person who is not from the IT background and if they want to start which software they should learn or in more demand, Salesforce, Tableau, QlikView or POWER-BI?
I am very good in excelsheet and i like to find the correlation between two events or things. If you dont mind may i know from where should i start?
I wanted to ask you how do you manage time? Because in this field you gotta put in hours and I'm that kind of guy who like to relax on weekends after a hard week. I mean how do you do it? I mean being on YouTube and learning new everyday and working your job? Can you please share some insights.You also reply try to reply to almost every comments which is one of the reason  I love your channel . Thankyou Ken . Love Dinesh
Thanks for watching everyone! I recommend watching this video next about how to get data science experience without a job: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWVQ0vN5uig
While starting DS path amd having about 8 months to get first internship should I focus only data analyst things or data engineering skills?
Also, do you still accept resume revision request? I've watched your serious of videos on resume and modified mine accordingly, it'd be great if you can take a quick look at it and provide any feedback, thank you so much!
What was your rate that ended up being discounted
Thank you ken for sharing this, Can you tell us more about which field you should choose as you have a sports field, or how one can select the particular field or what areas of fields are available ?
Also, where did you get the short clips in between your video? Clips like plants growing, a person writing the word analytics and stuff.
is it needed to know selenium ??
Hey, ken 'touch' is not recognized as an internal or external command, operable program or batch file'  how to solve this error? please help!
Hi, Ken, what's the practical way to prevent multicollinearity. hv we done anything to prevent it in this project? Because I didn't see  any prevention after you creating the corr heatmap. :)
Would you think it would be helpful to put projects we did in University on our GitHub pages? (I'm a new grad)
Hi Ken, your videos are very educational. Thanks a lot for putting out this content. I'm trying to combine my experience in working in start-up finance to transition to data science. What do you think the challenges will be coming from a non CS background?
How long does it take to become data scientist?
What level of mathematics should one have in order to start?
Do you think it’s realistic to strive for a Data Science career having only a highschool education? Most job descriptions make it seem like having a masters college degree is not optional but I really like Python and Machine Learning. Would I be more successful trying to become a software engineer instead?
Hey Ken, which courses should one do out of the courses that you mentioned on Kaggle for a foundational knowledge before one moves onto projects? Because there are about 15 of them on Kaggle. Help out!
Hey Ken, big fan! Would you be interested in a colab? First time creator, and I just started making videos a month ago. You're an inspiration! Leave a comment anywhere on my channel, and let's make something happen!
I am switching into data science after 13 years of experience . I was an IT Quality analyst for 8 years but I am not into IT for the past 5 years. I am planning to join full time Masters in Data Science in UK and switch my career. Will this be a good idea? Some universities focus on statistics and deep learning more and some are focusing on computer courses. Which one will be better to choose?
1. Where is a good place to learn python efficiently without spending too much money or any at all?
Hello Ken, really cool video. I have a question for you. You gave us all the important variables that contributed to the model at around 32:30. I was wondering, with those variables in mind, are we able to dig a little deeper and see what the actual values were that contributed most to the model?
Do your mean the GridSearchCV' parameters are based on the its above RandomizedSearchCV' results?
Hey .. such an informative video.. thanks .. I have a doubt.. do we get certificates after the completion of these courses? Pls check if anyone can help
Is sports analytics Gambling or no?
I am in a serious dilemma , should one go striaght for Deep learning or practise machine learning ?
Hey, ken hourly wage to annual what actually it's 17:00 trying to calculate can you please explain?
How do we project Soccer games? Please help!
What advice will you give for someone with no background on Science, Engineering, Math and technology but has a business administration degree in Marketing. Should he or she go forba Masters or bootcamp or take the certificate approach?
hi ken, i have been learning data science with python after losing my job in pandemic as web developer(wordpress, html, php etc) . can i get a good job.. do i have a good chance??
Great video! Any tips for a mid 30s changing career fields from XYZ to a data science related field?
What editor do you use? Microsoft visual studio code?
Hi Ken. I have a problem in Kaggle I don´t know if you can help me. Since the training set has all features and test set has all except the predicting one, I cant predict y for the test set because is not the same shape that the train set (that i use to fit). How can I solve it?
Hey Ken how would I use a combination of 2 models?
Hey Ken, what are your thoughts about having a 2-page resume? (called CV's in places like the UK where I am)
Great video as always dude. Can I ask what monitor you use for doing work? Been thinking about saving for an UltraWide :)
Hey Ken, I have a question. When one makes a project for a company they work in, using the company's confidential data, etc. How does one publishes it or add it to their portfolio? Should one change the data? Like, names and labels? Or one should just not publish any project related to confidential data of any company, and just make projects using open source data?
Hi Ken. I would love to eventually become a data scientist, but I don't know if I am smart enough. In your opinion, do you need to be far above average intelligence to be a data scientist? Or would you say its doable with average (or slightly above) intelligence and a strong sense of curiosity, willingness to learn, persistence, etc.?
We do lot of projects as a biostatistics student like regression trees and random forests can I put these class projects in github too? Or  should I just focus on posting projects outside classes?
Hey Ken! I'm from India. I still have three left until the completion of my college degree. I just now learnt python. I  wanna purse my career in data science, so where should I start from? Thank you :)
Great stuff! Thanks! Can you make a video discussing tableau, Apache Superset or similar type soft considering their application, importance ? Really appreciate your hard work!
Since many data science jobs these days require masters degree, I'm planning to take one. But my Bachelor's is in physics and I didn't take many cs/DS-related class. I had only taken an computer programming intro & computational physics intro. Didn't take linear algebra or such. Any tips how to take Master's degree in DS with my background?
What are the temperature cpu package for this build idle and at full load
A video on how to respond when one of your projects doesn't go to plan would be great! Do you just forget it ever happened? Or do you put it on your CV anyway, even though you didn't get any inspiring results?
Learned a lot from this series Ken. Thank you soo much and hope you will add more projects like this in the future. Can you take up a really messy dataset and guide us on the cleaning part as a video?
Hypothesis testing is basically all of inferential statistics. Which specific tests are most often used by practicing data scientists?
how  about  'deepmonster'?
Is 7 months sufficient to learn data science , considering I put 6 hours per day daily?
I have seen a lot of schools offer a business analytics degree with some data science type of classes. Would this work? Also, I have a PhD but my study was qualitative. Does this matter?
Hi, Ken, what's the purpose of log norm the fare? And why we need to scale the 'Age','SibSp','Parch','norm_fare'
how about OS? (Windows or Linux which better?)
Where can i get the wallpaper
Hi ken, I got problem after execute the code. it said that 'x out failed'. can u suggest me what's wrong with my code?
I have a question. I have a good understanding of python. Should I learn numpy and matploylib before starting with like a book on data science, or I can begin and learn as I move on?
BinFin for binary finery is my suggestion for your rig's name. What OS or OSes are you going to use?
Hey Ken!!Just love your content dude. I am 19.I just wanted you to ask How to keep consistency? I love this field and currently learning python. I like it. But it gets intimidating there is so much more to learn and know. How do I keep going? I know it's a long journey. How did you keep the patience and consistency?
I already know programming in python. And am interested in data science. Can u suggest what to do next? Like do I need to learn about machine learning and deep learning and neural networks in that order or if not then which order is more preferable?
In the age of 27 can I learn data science and also I will get job?
Do you know which one is the cheapest Masters Data Science school?
i have problem with glassdoor_scrapper module. it said that there is no module in there. what should i do about that?
bro your videos are very helpful...please suggest me. how do I increase my data preprocessing, data analysis skills. few tips ?
How about "Nix" simple yet edgy?
Great video. How do you think coding challenges play into this? I am more computer science focused, and just graduated, and have been spending my time solving online coding challenges on hackerrank and such. Do you consider this inferior to coding projects or also a good way to learn?
Can a mechanical engineer student apply for masters in data science colleges in uk/canada/europe ?
Thank you for this. This was my dabble in data science and I may not have understood all of what you did, but I'm happy I tried it. Where should I go from here? I am thinking about taking the data science bootcamp course on Udemy.
how about the name ''Valkyrie''?
Great video senior. In Kaggle which tool is mostly used for the competitions or lessons, R or python, or both?
How about " PERCEPTRON " 🔥
Do you have books recommendations for the ML concepts? Most books I found explain how to code but I'm more interested in the math & stats behind those concepts.  Thank you
Its white and its a beast = Fenrir (a white wolf) ! Also just wondering, regarding the choice of CPU. Doesn't ryzen cpu's have problem with intel compilers which significantly reduces performance?
How about 'Everest'? New heights and all that jazz
What an awesome workstation! Hope I could get one 😁 I am also a big fan of AMD and never get disappointed by its performance, durability, and obviously the price.
How about X Æ A-12 😜
How about Bruce?
Edit: Or if you're looking for something else, Godzilla could be a cool name? Final answer though is Stormbreaker.
Why did so many ppl dislike this? Going through projects step by step pointing out the nuance is helping me A LOT
Hi Ken, any tips for freshers ?
Hi Ken, i have done a bunch of courses online and from some  DS bootcamp, how do i gain experience with the knowledge i possess in readiness for a job interview?
Is that an oura ring? Thank you Ken for the honest helpful information, I am starting my journey into data science and this was very helpful!
is it possible to get live game scores for ongoing or recent matches in real time?
How should I start and from where ? Need few suggestions.
Hi Ken, at 12:00, when checking the multiple linear regression summary, for variables that has either very small coef (slope is close to zero) or p values smaller than 0.05 (statistically not significant), can we `safely` remove them from the regression model?
I want to ask which is better an online certification course on data science or a 3 year degree program?
How much time it takes to become an industry ready data scientist?
Should I (I'm from non-technical background) be doing competitive programming and algos in Hackerrank or Github to learn and excel in Data science?
Do you think I can get a job in data analytics from commerce background without a traditional studying approach, i.e, a degree?
I recently read something about digital footprints (don't remember where but there's a brazilian video that talks about it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qb8yXWFRROg&t=479s). It talked about how anything you do or post online, maybe a github account, or a comment on stackoverflow, anything that can help the world see you, is efficient, the important thing is to do somehting.  Sooner or later, opportunities will come.
What sarkar pls come again????
Hello Ken! It's amazing how your channel has been growing. I'm looking forward to expand my DS knowledge. Are there any books/text books you would recommend for learning Data Science? Thanks!
Can you please tell,from where should i study mathematics for data science?
So please assist me.regarding me about the scope of this field. How can I be successful in this field?
Would you rather suggest to improve Python skills (after some first projects) or change the main focus on other recommended languages like SQL?
Im now a junior majoring in finance. Can I still become a data scientist if I get a masters in business analytics or data science?
Thanks Ken! Which resume template would you recommend?
Do you have any tips for high schoolers interested in data science?
Bro I have a doubt. I am interested in CV and NLP but not interested in linear regression kinda stuff. Can I learn CV and NLP from the beginning itself?
I just want to know what can be considered as a good score for this problem?
Hey ken, I have been watching your videos for at least 1 hour a day the past week and I love the content. I’m 19 and am beginning my journey towards my career in data science/sports analytics and your content has by far been the best I’ve come across. I was wondering if there was an email that I could contact you with? Or would you prefer Lengthy YouTube comments instead? Either way, thanks again for the free content it’s very appreciated.
I am wondering if my best bet is to go to a Master's Degree in Data Sciences?
Any intro stats online courses for total beginners?
What's the exact difference between a Machine Learning Engineering vs Data Scientist?
Hey, Would you mind making a video on data science resumes for freshers who are seeking for either an internship or a full time job?
Hi Ken, I have to predict a binary classification, the dataset has two columns with monetary information, both have right-skewed distribution. If i scale columns and /or apply log transformations, accuracy gets worse. Why could that be ? Even by removing outliers (percentile 98 or 99) it also gets worse, Thanks !
I'm doing a virsual internship that data professor mentioned, in which section should I put it my resume?
is regression or classification harder? I don't know which one I should start learning first. In stats, we only learned regression and never classification. Thanks
hey, ken I'm facing trouble regarding salary, all the salaries in the data frame are the same as the first one, can u help?
This may seem like a silly question, but how much should I expect to retain in my calculus and statistics knowledge gained from math classes once I am actually working in the field? Should it be expected that I could whip open any calculus textbook and solve a any math problem without having to look at notes? I only ask this because when looking at advanced calculus videos on YouTube, it makes me wonder how I will ever be able to retain all what I've learned, especially when I begin learning differential equations, exterior derivatives, pull-backs, and other advanced topics which as of now seem like a foreign language to me.
Hey, Ken why you prefer spyder than Jupiter notebook...which one I should go for? any suggestions!
Can you please check and like give me feedback about how I did and what I should improve on?
can you help me with this......thanks in advance!!!!:)
Thanks for the video. I heard you told about deep learning for this dataset (included categorical and non categorical features). It is a typical data that we usually see. Could you please make a video and build a deep learning model?
Hello Ken Jee, I have Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering and I'm currently working as an engineer for piping company. I am also doing master's degree (online) in IT. I'm eventually trying to get into Data Science. Is getting AWS Certified Data Analytics - Specialty certification  good enough to land a Data Science job considering I have a master's degree in IT?
PD: Can you share the podcast with Elon Musk? :)
values_count you used for excel is 'aws' copy and paste/editing error (37:40) I think you meant to say df.excel.values_count( ). Otherwise lambda made simple here. Please could  you do videos on lambda? Otherwise great video as always. so much to pick up Thank you!
Thanks a lot , which master degree would you suggest and university for data science?
Hello. I am 1 week into learning Python. Sorry for this dumb question but is data science part of machine learning?
(Session info: chrome=83.0.4103.116) ?
how can you do that in visual studio code? i put the code but nothing is happening
May I know the best laptop for data scientist? ^^
Guys, my CSS is not rendering any one could help me? Thank you @Ken Jee and @Data Professor for bring that kind of content.
I have a MSc. Mathematics/Statistics. Been trying to land a job in the stats field since I graduated but no luck. Thinking of taking data science to become a data analyst. Planned to take a Master's degree in Data Science but have to forego because there's no scholarship available due to this horrid pandemic. Just started a free data science online course on Kaggle. My question is, am I on the right path? Is it really possible for me to become a data analyst through this path? Hope you can share your insight. I'm so desperate tbh because I just lost my job recently due to this horrible pandemic ㅠㅠ
Hey, Ken can you tell me how cloud computing is connected with data science...and from where to start for this field?
Hey Ken, Amazing video. Where did you learn the feature engineering?. I am always stuck in that part of the projects.
Udacity or Coursera to gain valuable data science knowledge???
Did you make a chatbot which automatically replies to every comment? 🤨
Hey Ken! Nice video :) how old were u when u started your data science career? I know it’s a weird question to ask, but still I am little curious to know as I am currently planning to shift my career into Data science field. I am 24 years old and working in Project management. Also I have a bachelors in Mechanical engineering which i think is far away from data science.
Thanks Ken! I'm working on the same competition and that was super helpful! Quick Q - I'm trying to build up my DS portfolio, do you think it's worth my time to do the whole thing from scratch (i.e. EDA, feature engineering, modelling) and to dwell a bit more on the theoretical stuff? Put another way, is it more important in these types of projects to show knowledge of how these models actually work, or to show that you can use tools and libraries (like sklearn) proficiently?
Can you make a video/direct me to a video on how to prepare for a masters degree in data science?
Is it possible to do these in R?
Try watching my kaggle project from scratch series next! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-DR9HBaipU&ab_channel=KenJee
I wonder if it's possible to get a remote internship or job in usa or europe and how to get it
Want to know why? Read. 🤨
Hey Ken, great video as always! I have been looking for a specific dataset where I can do a project using clustering and classification. I have been having trouble finding a good one on Kaggle and GitHub, do you have any specific datasets that you recommend  (beginner/intermediate level)? Thank you so much again for the content, your channel has been my main source of guidance on my data science journey, I couldn't do it without you!
I am currently working on a data science project and was thinking of wrapping it up in a simple Django site. (more work than Flask but I think worth the effort) Do you usually make APIs out of projects? Does it sometimes come full circle as a full web app? I'm trying to stand out as an applicant.
I’m about to start my senior year of college and I’m majoring in physics and math, and I’m starting to get really interested in data science. I’m currently working a research internship in medical physics, and I’m using python with numpy, pandas, etc. to analyze how the accuracy of CT scanners changes from week to week. Even though this internship hasn’t had me use any physics so far, I’ve found the analysis very interesting. I would really like to get a job in data science without going to graduate school. What would you recommend that I do in the next year while I finish up college to best prepare me to land a job? I go to Texas A&M, so we have a huge network, but I don’t know where to start (other than using the kaggle courses). I’ve tried looking at job postings and it seems like all the jobs require a masters degree and/or 4+ years of experience. Thank you!
I am from digital marketing now  I am migrating to data science is it need to learn statistics??
hey ken can you give me an insight on the language R as you told it is used in sports? how is it used in sports?  it would be a great help
Hello Ken, thanks for your insight. I am a master's degree holder in aeronautical engineering (engine propulsion). If I were self taught, do I have a chance of getting a job in the data science industry?
Another query. Why do we have to set the variables like odometer and price into specific format or  scale them?
I do have a question for both of you : How do you keep your concentration levels high when you are reading a book cover to cover ? It's a lot of stuff.
Hello Ken, How should I'm into digital marketing and interested in web analytics. Can you suggest what will be the best path for me? I have recently completed a one data science with python project.
Is it too old to become ml engineer at 25?
How good is the course on coursera, Data science by IBM
could you please help?
Been following this channel since I got let go after COVID 19 budget cuts, but figured I'd try to turn something bad into a good opportunity and use this time to learn data science, but this series is awesome coz it really ties in all the theoretical pieces from the coursework together. thank you! Around 26:15, Ken u said we didn't specify a series and we have to let the dataframe know we're doing this on rows....- I don't get this, what does axis = 1 do??
Hey Ken ,I want to get good at data science for industrial level,how shall I start?
What do you recommend doing for a review of the interpretability of project outcomes. Let’s say I’m working on an econometrics project on my own, what’s the best place or way to review that I’m drawing the correct conclusions from my results? A lot of data science online sources simply take you through the code and the outputs but don’t go into how to make sure you’re drawing all conclusions from the model.
Hey Ken, apart from the Kaggle micro course, could you recommend a Coursera course (or the like) to better understand ML for a beginner?
Amazing video Ken!! While practising analysis of a simple dataset, if most of the predictors are not statistically significant, how do we handle such a scenario?
Is there a book about soccer analytics you can recommend?
Ken, I have a question here. Which one is better, do we have to put one project in one repository or do we put several projects in one repository? For instance, this repository is a repository for the projects that I have done by taking a dataset from Kaggle.
If I follow along with the project but do it for different cities in India, do I have permission to put it on my github or does it class as plagiarism. If so, I won't be sharing it online. Of course, I will write about your work,link  and mention the original idea in the Readme. Is it intellectual property theft if done this way?
I greatly enjoyed this chat with Daniel! My interview on his channel premiering right after this one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZeCReYxxDFQ
On Google: https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9mZWVkcy5idXp6c3Byb3V0LmNvbS8xNDMwMDQxLnJzcw?sa=X&ved=0CAMQ4aUDahcKEwjQ2bGBhfbsAhUAAAAAHQAAAAAQAQ
Air BNB Project: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_lIenSJb3c&list=PL6vjgQ2-qJFeMrZ0sBjmnUBZNX9xaqKuM
Hey Ken, just wanted to say you make some amazing content.  I was also wandering whether you think I should rather complete another Bachelors degree or  straight onto a Master in Data Science? I've ended up completing my Bachelors in Sport and Exercise Science and am currently the middle of my research project in Biomechanics.  Although I enjoy the field I feel like my contributions if I stick with it will be limited to academia and find the idea that my articles may rarely ever be looked at quite disheartening. If I return to university I was considering completing a bachelor of actuarial studies not quite the same as data science but quite closely related.
i just Beginner i need to understand how to know Business requirement  or how to understand this  Business ?
So first we perform data manipulation and cleaning which you taught in the previous videos before linear regression right ?
followed ALL the steps to the Tee. I get a 404 error. Could you please help ?
I had confusion about the code for scaling the data. Can you explain me how exactly does it work ?
Hi sir I am a graduate in computer science and I am learning data science, I am an arsenal fan, I want to work for them as a data scientist or a junior data scientist or even an as a trainee. How can I land a job there ?
Thanks Ken for another great video! Noticed your iPad? touchscreen notebook? has a mirrored display of your camera. Would love to learn what software you're using for that 🤔
Special thanks again to Shivam for submitting his github portfolio! If you want to have your projects, resume, or github reviewed, please comment below and send your work to kenjee.ds@gmail.com! Link to Import Data's github header video is here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_RDoNJ1zGg
Can you share the code and the raw data, thanks!
Hey Ken, I enrolled in the Data Science course and I was wondering if it would be useful in any way ?  Do you really work a lot with Excel in your Data Science profession ?
When I started my program, I was sure I wanted to work in marketing research (I have a BBA), but now I'm distracted by all of the shiny new concepts I can learn in school. Now, I'm considering a second master's and not sure if I should do computer science, software engineering or marketing research. Decisions, decisions, but 5 AM probably isn't the best time to be making life decisions.... 😂
Hi Ken. Is data engineering realted to data science? Can u suggest learning path for it please?
I am really interested in this field. Specifically, I would like to work for basketball teams and have the moneyball roll. Do you have any suggestions on how to achieve that goal? Thanks
I am just a beginner and I wasn't able to understand why should the variables follow a normal distribution in order to apply regression?
How do you go about classifying data as unknown aka outside the distribution that the training classes fall into? My neural net softmax probs are high for data that should be unknown
When are the internship cycles?
Ken Jee, tell me please! SSD on SATA 3.0 for what kind of work in data science we can use? And for SSD on NVMe the same question) hope you understand what do i mean) Thanks a lot for your videos, interesting to listening to you!
Hey Ken I am currently pursuing my ms in DS but want to continue my studies further will phd be a wise option if I want to work in industry and not planning to go into academia?
Or will MBA be a good option since DS needs some buisness knowledge?
My question for you is, do you believe entering the industry as a data analyst is a good way to do it?  Also, do you have any tips for writing a good resume when you don't have experience?
Hey, Ken. I'm using Asus Vivobook. What can you say about it? Thanks
What tasks are particularly CPU focused, and will benefit noticeably from e.g. Ryzen 9 processor? If it can save you several hours of computing a day, it can be a big deal, but if it says less than a hour, it's mostly pointless.
The same goes for graphic card. Nvidia RTX Titan seems extremely overpriced for what it does. From what I can tell, it's only slightly better than RTX 2080 Ti, and cots twice as much. Is there even any reason to get it? Maybe some additional optimization for Data Science tasks? So far it looks extremely cost ineffective, even for highest end PC. Might as well get something cheaper for now and then upgrade to RTX 3000 when it launches.
Additionally, I wonder how impactful RAM memory speed is for Data Science tasks. Does it make sense to overclock your RAM, or is it just a waste of time and effort?
What is the difference between Data Analytics and Data Science?
Have you considered doing a video discussing the different operating systems? Lots of conflicting opinions between Windows, Mac, and Linux and very few resources for data science specifically. Would be great to hear your opinion on this matter
Can you show us how to get/use GPU resources from online such as Amazon service or Google platform?
Hey Ken, how're you? Great video once again :)
Apart from MacBook and Dell XPS what are the other laptop suggestions you have?
I have question.. Can i practice Deep learning using Google colab/ kaggle notebooks?
Ken, what about the keyboard? I see you're using a Durgod Hades 68. Do you think a mechanical keyobard is worth the investment? Also, do you think that a TKL keyboard work just fine for doing data science?
Thanks so much more for the video.. Actually I have interest in Data Science and i have just gotten admission for my Msc in Data Analytics but i do not have any basic knowledge in Machine language, programming and all the necessary things needed to make the course easier for me, and i am really interested in this course, please, what do i do to meet up with the standard of the course and also to finally achieve my purpose in choosing this course?
Do you need to know differential equations, linear algebra, and more advanced calculus? Or statistics and the various statistical tests covered in statistics will be fine?
Could you do a video (or videos) on machine learning on the cloud? I see GCP, Azure and AWS have a lot of services that help you setup your ML environment on the cloud. I believe this is going to be the future where creating a ML pipeline using cloud services is going to be crucial considering that the data usually exists on the cloud and training on the cloud is cheaper that racking up physical resources.
Another question is that, in my data, the multiple linear regression performs fairly well with the training data (use cross validation) but really bad on test data, is that caused by over-fitting?
I have a question for dealing with missing data, in this example you consider "-1" for most categorical variables as a "new" category (by using dummies that's what it is in my understanding),  wouldn't it better to replace them with other forms or try to predict them using available values? It'd be great if you can share some insights on that. Thanks so much, please keep it up.
How about Apple Mac Book Pro ??  I am planing to buy , is apple laptop is good for data science  ?? any suggestion please. Thank you :)
Thanks for watching everyone! I hope this video was helpful to you. If you're new to data science, I recommend watching this new playlist I just put together: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2zq7klxX5ATMsmyRazei7ZXkP1GHt-vs . I took all of the best videos I made for beginners and threw them in here!
I have a business role in Operations / Planning, but all my major accomplishments were related to collecting, treating and analyzing data in Excel and Power BI. I am currently learning Python, R and statistics to do it more professionally, and in the future I would like to be able to do predictions/ML to bring even more value to the business. I fear that strict data roles may get me too far from the business routine, what could be a problem as I do enjoy living in the supply chain area. I am not sure if being a Data Scientist is my ultimate goal, but I also don't know which roles would be more aligned to my objectives. How do you think Data Analyst/Data Science roles would blend with more business roles?
I have a question about data science filed: do you think that a bachelor degree in statistic is more useful than a computer science degree for go into this field? in my country statistic is a sub field of social scinece and there are only few course of computer science,just databases,fundametal programming and statiscal sw.
So wht do you think, is a good investimetn a bachelor in statisitic or is better a computer science degree? there are a lot of master degree in data science from both accademical course, a lot of people with a bachelour in computer science go in to statistic and viceversa.
Hey Ken, It was a great insight about data science..Can you make a video on How to explain a data science or ML model to my manager / stakeholders? with example..Thank you..
I'm new to this, so I envision being to run raw data up to hour and be able to paint the picture of what's driving call volume, trends, for example, that we may need to act on immediately and then having technology/automation do the grunt work to classify the data and give me actionable information to present to my team and leadership. But as I see it, there's the obstacle of getting good data from the agents as the major issue in its own.  Is this even possible? Has anyone else run into this?
I'm gearing up to apply for an online master's in DS.  I have a bachelor's in math and an MS in stats from a decade ago that I ended up not really using (long story).  I've started learning python and I'm not completely sucking at it so I feel like I'm on the right track but my math skills are obviously pretty rusty.  Any idea what kind of math I should brush up on to prepare?
I am interested in field of x-informatics  or data driven science or computational science(which has a major chunk of data science).How would you recommend me to proceed?
My university now offers a dual-degree in computer science and data science that has all of the computer science major courses and some statistics and data science courses. I'm not sure whether or not I should major in CS and continue into an MS in CS and take grad courses related to data science or if I should get the dual-degree in CS and DS. Is the bar for entry in the U.S. for data science/machine learning a graduate degree or could I have job prospects with an undergrad?
Hi ken, just saw your video again. Can I host this site that you showed here...? to be more specific can i give domain names like : www.xyz.com
Can you share any small project based on python.
When I also put the Job title keyword as "Data Scientist", and run the program, the glassdoor Job search bar only shows first 5 character as "datas". Can't seem to understand why this is happening? I have also tried with the other keywords like Analyst -  even here it  just shows first 5 character as Analy. Can you help why this is happening?
Hello Ken! This is my first time watching your video. I'll be checking more videos of yours but if you don't mind could you answer me a question please? I was going to take master's degree in data science in Illinois institute of tech (IIT) from this fall semester (my bachelor is CS) but I got rejected because I didn't take prerequisites such as calculus 1-3 and linear algebra. And then I had to change my major to something related, so I chose IT management in the end because I was interested in management and MBA as well since before. But even now I still feel like compared to data science, my major doesn't seem to be that professional. So I was thinking of teaching myself some mathematics and then studying data analytics with using either R or python through free online courses. Do you think a self-taught grad student who majored in IT management would be okay to get a job as a data engineer in 2 years?
What are the pre-requisite for these projects i.e python, R, Sql or a person who has completely no background of coding can do it??? Please do reply!!!
Ken great content as always!  Could you list all the skills that fang would expect from a person to have ?
Hey ken what would u say about self taught data scientists? Can they never become good data scientist like others? Are data scientist roles in companies can only be play by degree holders? What will employers think about that data scientist?
I see a crazy hype for Data Science roles/jobs in India, is it the same abroad like in US,EU,Australia,Zealand and Canada?
What is the difference between taking an online MS data science program vs. an on-campus MS data science program?
I am dual major is CS (specialising in DS), and commerce (specialising in econometrics). I am wondering if econometrics would cover enough stats for the DS field? Love the video!
Cool video , but why three clocks?
Then I will go for a Software Engineering M.S. The undergrad degree is more modeling based... they teach R & Fortran. I am learning Python on my own, this fall I will be starting a 2-part Python certificate, 1 part intermediate 2 part advanced. I hope this is the right track? I want to learn SQL additionally.
Could you have a look at these Master's Programme and suggest me which is more relevant to the current industry requirements? Note : I have offers for all 3 programmes mentioned
Hi Ken! Thanks for this amazing video! Can I ask you where you did your resume? I mean which program or web site you can recommend and why? I know you mentioned MS Word, but it very poor on design.
I am currently interning as a Software Release Engineer and will be moving to a Machine Learning role in December, is it okay if I do the ML from December to August and then Statistical Consulting at another place from August to December and then go back to ML?
Hi Bro,  I am already with 10 years of experienced in IT CRM technology.  I wanted to move in to Datascience. I am already working in a data science company on crm. Is it a good option to move into datascience after 10 years of exp?  Does company expect more if i join as a experienced person. Actually i am getting a good salary but still i am just working on a tool which has just limited growth.
how to get one row of this data, for example just to access a PTS or AST or REB column!?
Is it overkill to solve one of those with deep learning or do you recommend the basics of supervised ML?
Hi I´m student of Actuarial Science in Mexico.  My major has a lot of subjects related to Data Science (statistics, maths and code), but I´m really interested in have more knowledge on  Data Science. I have seen a course in EDEX from Harvard about Data Science. Apart from all the good advice you gave us, will you think is a good idea to join this course? Thanks ☺️
I’m currently doing a masters in ds with a heavy stats component. I transferred from the same course at a different institution that had one stats unit. Do you think this is a good move for my career?
Hi Ken, i have strong fundamentals on programming, and I can easily learn math , but i don´t know anything related to neither business things nor economics topics... is this mandatory to become a data scientist? And if so, do you know where can i learn it?
I've had several recruiters reach out from the FANG companies recently. I'm stunned that they keep telling me that I need to relocate to the Bay Area even after announcing that their workers will stay at home through 2020 at the least. Where is the disconnect?
It would also be nice to here what y'all think about a Masters program in Data Science vs something more traditional like CS or Stats. (especially curious about degrees labelled "Masters in Professional Studies". like are employers put off by that vs an MS?)
Hey Ken would you recommend DePaul's MS in DS or MS in CS? I know you did CS just wondering your thoughts.
What  resource  for statistics do you recommend to get started
I am currently in medical school but I want to learn data science so that I can use that knowledge in my research projects.Having so much work to do from the college side it’s becomes difficult to decide how much I want to learn and in what time. Can you give some tips?
hey man, i know basic/intermediate programming in R/Pyhton so that i can introduce algorithms from libraries- like lm() in R-Studio. Right now i think the next best step would be to improve my programming skills since i study econometrics/statistics for the theoretical basis. What would be the best way to do that?  It would also be interesting to know if you as a full Data Scientist use libraries or if you just program the algorithms for yourself. Thanks in advance for an answer :)
Hey Ken thanks for another informative video. What do you think of the following Coursera specialization called mathematics for data science? https://www.coursera.org/specializations/mathematics-for-data-science#courses
On Google: https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9mZWVkcy5idXp6c3Byb3V0LmNvbS8xNDMwMDQxLnJzcw?sa=X&ved=0CAMQ4aUDahcKEwjQ2bGBhfbsAhUAAAAAHQAAAAAQAQ
This is a small sample size, but I believe the model I have is pretty accurate. However, I was wondering how I would make it more accurate? Like what new data points I should add to predict the score. I'm very excited about the return of the NBA.
What about data analysis specific projects? Initially, I thought I want to learn data science but then I've realized I enjoy the data analysis part more.
Hi Ken is this normal in the USA no photo ?  If you don't have photo here in Europa most likely you will get no interview...  Culture difference?
Hello! I have a masters in molecular biology and i am interesting in getting into the field of data science not to completely switch career but to help me get more opportunities with analyzing big data in biology. Do you of any resources specific to that? Also what do you think of DataCamp and their career paths?
quick question, did you really master all the programming languages? It is a lot on your resume.
I have been watching your videos for the last 2 hours now and you have given me so much insights in this small time! I am torn between diving into Data Science and focusing on the path as a Digital Analyst with no programming skills. Haven't found a video to that. Would you consider talking about that one day soon? (bell notification is on :-) )
I would love to contribute to your excellent work with using an affiliate link. Can you provide one for www.audible.de?
Is it necessary to have a degree like you have in computer science ?
What if our college professors do not have adequate knowledge and reach regarding this field ?
I just wanted to know if i am taking the right steps ?  I am 17 so i have not joined any University yet, but have been taking courses on the above mentioned topics
Hi Ken.....I am now working in a service based company with work related to documentation in matlab simulink model.....I am learning more and more about the ML and DL day by day.....till now I have completed ML course of Jose Portilla's bootcamp course on Udemy.....also practised 2-3 projects on classification and regression.....just don't know how to shift to DS project internally or shift to other organisation for the same.....can you guide something regarding this???.....also thanks for all the content.....🙌🙌
My question is that they gave the certificates???.....and if they giving then what is the value of it??
Ken, what should I do after to get into sports analytics after having a Bachelor's degree in Data Science?
Also, what would you suggest to write in your resume if a student does not have a work experience ?
Look at that set up! Have you fixed the motherboard?
Hello Sir, currently I'm studying in 10th grade and I wanna ask you how I can start my journey to become a  Data Scientist from now onwards and which qualifications should I prefer to? Thanks, much love from Pakistan!
Hi Ken, do you have any suggestions for how a high schooler can start his/her data science career? Thanks!
Would you say that someone should start as an analyst, move into engineer and then scientist?
Thanks for the video Ken! Do you apply through LinkedIn or prefer applying to the companies directly?
I’m curious, do you know what your Myers Briggs personality is? I’d love to see how that relates to your skills.
Hello Ken, thanks for motivating. Could you please help how to put into working model for free at a non-profit organization? I find it hard to find a partner to work on personal project. Any tips and tricks would really help me.
Thank you for the work Ken, the idea of showing everything step by step is very helpful for beginners. It's boring indeed but no one can get stuff done without the boring phase. I really like the IDE you are using here, with a variable window on the top right, very easy to click on and check out each new variable created, is this Spyder? I am using Pycharm and Jupyter notebook, and didn't find similar features from them, do you know if there is a way in Jupyter notebook to show table contents in a separate window? right now I just use "df.head()" to check, thank you so much.
I am a computer engineering student here in ph trying to find a topic/problem to solve for my thesis. Any ideas you might have?
Can anyone pls suggest some good laptops budget of around 50 k for learning & practising Data science....? I need your help i don't have any laptop before so pls help me I want to learn Data science ......! I'm waiting for ur reply... Thanks in advance ..!!
I'm medical personnel, now pursuing my PhD, I was never good on Data science, its not our primary goal in medicine. But now after entering Phd my supervisor recommends R so that I can be able to analyze my data, it kills me. Any advice?
Hello Ken, thank you for sharing your insights. I was curious if you have any videos where you go over soft skills / how to tell a compelling story?
Hey! What kind of data science IDE is what? Is that something like Spyder or Rodeo?
Great Vid. Back to college almost 20 years ago. I don't think I ever tookany course of discrete math. As a chemical engineer, maybe it was elective? Do you think this Coursera's Introduction to Discrete Mathematics for Computer Science Specialization is a good fit?  I don't think this course covers recursion and big O but it covers graph theory.  Or should I take an course specific for algorithm or data structure for Python?
What about freecodecamp?
The projects that got me a job: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imMPnCHvbkY
The projects that can get you a job: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yukdXV9LR48
My Favorite Free Learning Resources: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ip50cXvpWY4&ab_channel=KenJee
What should I do?  I have a problem with doing one thing at a time. Please mention importance if any.
Hai ken thank you for sharing with us the way we should take to learn becoming a data scientist. Honestly, many people still have lack of listening in english, including me. Would u like to add caption in this video? Thank you
am asking if u can have a video about remote working and internship, because am from morocco and i love data science and am starting learning it but companies in this field here is so rare so am asking if there's a chance to get a remote internship in american companies after i finish my studies and projects ?
Can i show this project in my resume?
Thank you so much for this series, it's really helpful for beginners like me. I have a question though, I followed almost exactly how you revised the codes, the only difference is probably that I am using data from both Canada and USA, and the "salary estimate" column shows all identical values (e.g. CA$89K-CA$100K (Glassdoor Est.)) but all the other columns (e.g. rating, company name) are just fine. This is so confusing to me since the codes formats for reading "estimate salary" and "rating" are the same. Any insights you can share why this occurs? Thank you so much.
Really like the advice you give us here, especially the kaggle part! I have been using those trick of reading someone kernel/notebook but it does get overwhelming, so knowing that it's hard for everyone really put me at ease. By the way, would you mind if I email you just to get a piece of advice from you regarding my study path?
Please, do you have any advice on how to manage my time since I am doing a job with shifts, have to study and make projects for PhD and need to learn Python, statistics and similar topics in order to make career change and become data scientist? I would much appreciate if you give me concrete examples/materials what to study and pace for passing them.
Amazing! Just one thing I want to improve: how can I set the text align to the left instead of the center?
What a Irony sir I always gets the solution of my problems every time from your videos at perfect time.
Also, would it be possible for you to make a Kaggle tutorial that would help us familiarise ourselves with the website? Like I tried to get on Kaggle and found myself lost and everything looked very high profile and I didn't know where to start as a beginner
What do you mean by documentation? You were abit vague there. Could you elebarote on that? THANKS
Hi Ken! I’m a 15 year old in highschool and I just finished a course on Data a science on Udemy. I have attempted a few projects on Kaggle and they’ve worked out pretty well. Do you have any advice on how I can progress further and some goals I can work towards?
Do you mind sharing a link to your Kaggle profile? I'd love to explore some more of your work.
Hi! I am from India. Here the IIT (India's one of the best technical institution) is going to provide a bachelor degree course of data science. It's a 3 year online course with exams to be attended being present physically in their campuses. So should I just concentrate on that course or complete it side by side along with Computer Engineering?
Is that the 1080p 34 inch monitor? have the pixels been enough for  you?
Sir, where to practice SQL and is there a need to learn PLsql?
Can u pls tell me where can i get cetificated also in free of cost for data sc course??
Hey Ken thanks for your videos. I am currently finishing up my Bachelors in CS and plan to get my MS in Data Analytics. I’ve been learning Python on my own time and I’ve build several text-based games. My question is, what should I learn after having a good grasp on Python to help me expand my knowledge in the Data Science field? What tools or frameworks should I use when building my Data Science portfolio projects?
Any tips my dear fellow learners??
Hi, Ken, can you plzz type the company’s name in the reply? It’s the company based in Chicago that works for sports team.  Thanks!
Hey Ken thank you for this very helpful video! I'm using your code and I tried to scrap tweets for a specific user but I can't  use it for a specific user. What could the problem be there?HELP
Which language is best for data science : R or PYTHON?
Thank you Ken for such a wonderful tutorial, it was easy to follow and simple for a beginner to keep up with. I have been scraping Data Science jobs in Canada and they are less than 1000. My num_jobs variable is 1000. So, what is happening is when the scraper reached the last page on glassdoor it is going in a loop and collecting data from the same 5 jobs over and over, I guess it will do that till the length of jobs dictionary reached 1000. What can I do to make it stop once there are no new jobs?
Do you even get a certificate from Google Machine Learning?
Can you tell me why in RandomSearch for ml model; uniform and reciprocal is used, what is its significance, purpose. I have no idea about this and google seems to be not helping me.
Hey, thank you very much for this video it has been really helpful. I watched and learned some basic statistics and linear algebra from miycourseware lectures, and i did this to build a base to like start data science. I want to go into the use of data for business intelligence, and I'm thinking of joining a graduate school for data science next fall, do you have any recommendation for that? Like what should i do for business specific data science. Again, thanks a lot for your videos
Do we need a cs degree to get into fang companies?
Have you heard of sports management worldwide?
Would you say that learning SQL is still a big part of data science?
How to know about some beginner projects on kaggle i mean working on titanic model is cool i guess
How to Win Friends and Influence People: https://amzn.to/2AgImnO
Is it me only or someone who finds that this guy more look like Elon Musk...??
Thanks for the great video! Just out of curiosity, is it illegal to scrape data online with selenium and BeautifulSoup for a project?
I have recently done some basic DS projects on Kaggle and I don't think the end result I have gotten out of them are good enough, so should I upload them on github inspite of the not-so-good results or should I first focus on improving them and then upload it?
Hi ken, I have a question, do you know if George Washington university’s certificate in data analytics is a good way to Start out in data science with someone with no background in data science?
Hi ken, I have a question, do you know if George Washington university’s certificate in data analytics is a good way to Start out in data science with someone with no background in data science?
Hi ken, I have a question, do you know if George Washington university’s certificate in data analytics is a good way to Start out in data science with someone with no background in data science?
Hi ken, you are making a great content regarding this data science. I saw one of your video of how to study DS in a step by step process and i am currently following it. I recently graduated and i am thinking of doing MS in data science. Can you suggest some good universities for that ?
Thank you Ken for all those videos, it's very helpfull ! Do you think about making some of your advice's videos as podcast maybe on spotify or any other plateform ?
Very informative video!! May I ask what are the important statistics topics for data science?
Could you make a video about best laptops for data science?
This seems so cool! Would you share the github link too? I would love to use this to build my own playlist xD
Hey Ken. What are your thoughts on relying on R more than Python for data science?
Can you please guide on some of the good IT Courses/Certifications where coding skills are not required?
Hey Ken, it's me again! :) Do you think creating a website - by means of shiny package of R - predicting the nation based on the given answers would be a good project for a freshman economics student being willing to be a data scientist. I mean would it be worth spending my time ? Here's  the draft of it.
Due to covid the aus government is sponsoring retraining and data analytics stood out for me. I come from an arts/business major and I'm an English Second Language Teacher. All the work has dried up and I was transitioning to work in film but with restrictions that won't be possible anymore. So I've decided to retrain. I dont know if data science/analytics is right for me because I havent tried it, however I did do well in stats at uni and maths in school. I figure ill give it a go and if i dont like it then what the hell, i only spent $2500 for 6 months of which i wouldn't have worked anyway. Thoughts ? Just researching this has kept me up at night
How does a total beginner start to learn machine learning? - mlarticle-learn about ai and its subsets (https://mlarticle.com/how-does-a-total-beginner-start-to-learn-machine-learning/)
Ken, Looking for someone who has worked on Cricket analysis, Could you recommend??
The books which you told to refer are for that particular sports or in general?
Ur content is one of the best. Can u make a video on which is a better career option....a data scientist or a software developer?
can you please show your room? it seems very interesting.😀😀😀
Do you think the course offered in Kagge too simple? It just gives us an overview about topic in each course.
Hey, is it necessary for data scientists to know html and css?
Hello, Ken can you please tell me how important it is to learn ML, to learn Data Science? And would you suggest some sources?
My backrond is enough for this field? if your answer no; what I have to do? I wanna growe up myself for Ds by self learning. Now, I am study Python and then I will learning R, ML and AI.
In Kaggle, I hope the projects are solved. I mean the codes are readily available to check, so going through the code snippets and understanding it makes the right strategy Ken? or should we choose a fresh project??
What if I want to stick with business intelligence analyst only
Could you please tell us datasets for these projects from Kaggle.
Hello. Great video! We do appreciate for this information. A quick question; what is your insight for Berkeley Extension Data Analytics booth camps?
Your video seems so insightful and makes me feel so much better. I am just starting new PhD program in brain fmri analysis and am reading many articles in relation to machine learning algorithms. Do you think it would be worthy spending  much time on the mathematical derivative of algorithms, or rather like you said trying to know the use and some constraints of those ? I am puzzled about this question since the derivations are too complex to understand sometimes.
Would it be possible to embed a neural nets chatbot into Hugo?
does it matter whether my project goes into the model production aspects? Would it seem too lackluster to just cover exploratory data analysis aspects?
Also, does the model production aspect require machine learning? or is it even just things like prediction in regression?
Hi Mr Ken. Been a self taught programmer and a background in agriculture. I'm looking at the requirements for being a Data Scientist/ML engineer and it's almost overwhelming. How important is learning the maths behind machine learning algorithms and what would you recommend for me given my background?
- with my statistician background, do you think I can be good enough to have a job in datascience?
Hi, i started learning python during the lockdown but I really don't know how to figure out what i want to do with my life going forward after university? Any advice please?
Is taking up online certificate courses in Data science or AI better option and what about the job prospects with an online diploma in data science?
Hey, I want to get more into Business Intelligence but don't know how to get there. Any tips? I'm a Statistics major and a software release engineer intern graduating in 2022.
This was so helpful. My background is in biology and cognitive science/psychology and throughout undergrad I've been using Python and R to run a variety of different analyses for hypotheses, research questions and data insights. Most of these don't have a ML component, I'm learning that now. could these projects still be relevant for landing a data science internship?
Thanks for the advice (subscribed right away :D). Can you help explain how do you choose the right method (SVM, Random Forest, etc) to be implemented in a model for any dataset? Does it depend on the complexity of the data?
Ken thanks so much for these videos.  I was able to land an internship for an online retailer, and look forward to getting some great experience!  I am hoping to turn it into a longer internship with them 6 mo - 1yr as I graduate with a master's in DS in august of next year.  Do you think this is a good plan for transitioning to one semi-related field into data science?  Again thanks so much for the videos!
Hlw Sir...Will we get certificate after  completion of the course ?? Plz tell
Hi Ken! I have a question for you: do you (or your colleagues) often work overtime? Are you getting paid for that time? I’m from Russia and working extra time without getting paid here is a norm😒 Curious to know what the situation is across the ocean🙂
Please is there any platform to get mini projects on R ?
Hi Ken , do you think studying a maths degree while learning cs by my own its a good idea ?
I could not open the medium article. It seems that I should have the membership . Is there any other way to share that article ?
May ask you to send me the link for basic statistic course? the link you shared is not the correct one.
I also love the background music. Can you tell me where can I find it?
how to get a freelancing/remote job in the current pandemic situation?
are you able to make money via playing numbers?
can you review resumes and portfolio's privately? I mean reviewing them but without putting them on youtube?
1- can i work as a data analyst or data scientist from my home in Egypt at company in America or any country?
2- college degree is an important to work as a data analyst or can i do the job with only my skills??
3- is it too hard to be a data analyst or getting a job, how long it will take in average ??
4- should i be professional to get a job??
I agree with you about free work. Any ideas how to find such companies?
Why this is so fun to watch :D
Hi Ken! Does learning Computational Geometry help you in the field of Data Science?
Quick question: Would feature normalization and normalization of skewed data improve the results in this example or is it unnecessary? Any quick comment would help thanks.
do you know any free resources for learning statistics (for beginner) , i have zero knowledge in this ?
Could you please help me, I don't want to waste my hardwork .
Wait so if you want to get into data analysis of sports (or anywhere) you have to do computer science? Or you just need to know how to use Python/R to code for all the data entries?
Thanks for doing this. Is this from the perspective of the US market?
Can these projects be done in R? Or is python recommended?
1/ What is your expectation of an about-to-graduate college student to be like?
2/ Is it a good idea to include a blog (blog posts about your projects' journey, etc.) portion in the portfolio?
I want to build a chatbot for depression how to gather data?  What kind of data do I need?
Hi Ken, i am beginner here, how to display the methods and properties list of pd. like you did at 6:30 in the video?
Sir when we build models or something else does it need to have a front end a well? Or just the model is fine for now? I'm in the last year of my college .
I am good at Math but I have not tried any algorithm class, what would you recommend if I stay with Python? Also what are some good kaggle datasets you would recommend to practice with machine learning or data visualization skills?
Can you tell me some source for R
Super helpful video/links! Thank you so much for sharing. I finished "The One Thing" last week and was super happy with it! Definitely my preferred type of book! I just wanted to know where you found these books? Were they recommendations from colleagues or possibly a list of books found on a website? Also, if you had any recommendations on books to learn more about statistics, I would love to hear about them! I took statistics in undergrad (which was a few years ago) and am in the middle of a career change and would like to brush up on the theories and the essentials for data analytics/data science!
Can anyone include me in his/her team?
if we replace base estimator Decisiontree with Kernalized SVM in randomforest, how will affect decision boundary? and how it will relatively affect time and space complexity?
@ken Jee can you link the dataset here?
Thanks for the wonderful information you shared with us, I have a question, I have a Phd in petroleum geology, now learning data science on my own, do you think projects from kaggle would be good on my resume? Any suggestions on how to find some valuable projects on my resume? Thanks
Do you know the general acceptance rate for Masters in DS or Stats? I'm guessing 10-30%
I missed the live stream but I was wanted to ask as far as data analytics goes what mathematics is needed? For context, I have a degrees in mathematics and phsyics.
I started reading about stat 2-3yrs back, also learnt indepth theory for linear, logistic regression etc, did very basic kaggle project. I work in bank. 6 months back i got my first real life banking modelling project. Dara quality is horribly bad. I have seen rather than the process its good engineered feature that improves the model. But what demotivates me after much thought also, my features don't improve model. Also i am not good at finding good insights. They are average. Any tips?
There is so much content and so many books on Data Science. What to start with? Im literally a beginner
As someone who has gone through the whole switching from non-tech major to data scientist/data analyst, where is the best platform to learn all the basic beside Kaggle? Would Dataquest/Datacamp be a good source?
You mentioned project-based learning is the best way to learn data science, besides looking at the project you mentioned above, anywhere else I can start getting my hands dirty?
Hey Ken, I am a really big fan of all of your content and you have truly inspired me to enter the field of data science and sports analytics. I am an incoming college freshman (math major)and I have been learning SQL and python through code academy. Other than projects, do you have any tips to make myself stand out in order to get an internship? I hope to intern with the Los Angeles Lakers analytics team and I could really use some advice. Your videos and website(playing numbers) are the most helpful resources related to the field that I have been able to find, keep up the great work!
what are some techniques to collect data other than web scraping, questionnaire and using API's?
Hey Ken jee, I hope you'll be able to help me with my thought: does venturing into data science naturally means degrading your eyesight since you'll be staring at the screen? What can be done about it? And especially of the programming and casual gaming aspect, because
I tried manually installing selenium by unpacking the taz file, still the error is there. What has gone wrong?
Hello there! I am an incoming college freshman taking up BS Management Information Systems, do you think can set me up on the right path for data science?
How do we know when to stop.the scraper
hi could you rank the multiple way you get the data science experience?
Hi Ken Jee, I have a question. So i m following your series (which is just so helpfull), and i tried to make some kind of a different approach without getting too far. I m making the same project, but instead of predicting the salary, i m predicting the "skills" required . Its about values from 0 to 3 : no degree/years of experience : 0, Bachelor : 1, Master : 2 and PhD : 3. Everything seem to work well until now. I made the linear regression model using sklearn and the result of the cross validation is extremely high beside the result i should have ([0:3]). So i tried to fluctuate the CV parameter, but it didn't change much. Do you have an idea of what could be wrong ? Thank you so much for your work !
Was the art of smart football a good read? I am in search for a good analytical football book!
Excellent Video! I'm getting this error: ElementNotInteractableException: element not interactable: element has zero size (Session info: chrome=83.0.4103.97). I also try to look it up on google but I didn't find anything helpful. I also tried to use another operating system to see if the web driver was not working well in windows. Also, I read all the comments to find if other people are having that issue. And there are quite a lot with the same problem. Could you help me? I'm trying to pull more data so that I can use Keras and get better predictions. Thank you!
Do we actually need to know the purpose of each line  of copied Selenium code or we can just copy and paste it as it is ?
How do I edit and add new projects to my existing portfolio made using this video?
How about those courses on coursera?
I am a certified public accountant and looking to get into an analyst type role. Do you think I would be able to do this with the background that I have? :( thanks so much
What is the difference between using lambda funcitons( like in here) and creating the custom transfomers?
Is it good to write one transformer that will deal with all the steps (cleaning, custom value inputing, changing types of values, discretizing, aggregating categories, etc, etc)  to get my dataset ready?
Or what am i supposed to do?
Is this microsoft sql server the same as mysql?
I am a Data Science and Statistics major and CS minor at NKU. I can graduate a year early if I switch to Stats major and minor is CS and Data Science. Should I do this and then pursue a masters in Data Science? I just finished my first year and I currently have a software release engineering internship and also have a ML internship from December!
Can anyone suggest free best course on statistics for data science
Hi Ken Jee, it's my first time here in this channel. Thanks for sharing your data science journey and giving good advice. I graduated from Bachelor in Chemistry, worked in Biology research field (mainly bench work) for >3 years and intending to pursue a Masters in Biomedical Data Science. I would like to ask if learning Python and basic statistics through online courses will be sufficient for me to bridge that gap between wet-lab based research knowledge & skills and data sciences/bioinformatics? I'm unsure if this is the right place to ask about biomedical data science/bioinformatics but I am hoping to receive some advice from a data science expert so that I can better prepare for a field switch. Thank you!
May I know which package did you use for the PCA?
people, when to pass axis parameter, in DataFrame.apply() function ?
Ken doesnt put it in a few functions and it works, but at 13:45, the program hits an error!?
Hi Ken, I want to thank you for your content, I find it really helpful :), Also I had a few questions that I wanted to ask you! what would be a good place to shoot questions? Thanks!
I really like the way you open up this learning techniques, I'm new in this field and please would you be my mentor?
What about SQL?
What are python topics to learn for data science ?
Awesome video! Which resources did you use for the maths ? :)
Is there any ideal order we should start learning these 4 math concepts? Thanks
Hey Ken, I had just finish all the modules in 365 data science except for the new BA module. I am revisiting ML and DL(Tensorflow2) as i guess these are the basics which i have to be solid in to progress. The risk credit is the most difficult and i had yet to fully understand it.  Time series and customer analytics are much easier to understand. The final five modules are basically implementation and are mainly ML. How should i advance? like learning more advanced ML and DL? Should i just go kaggle instead? or borrow books to enhance my skills? as i do not know how vast the world of ML and DL is. LOL. Thanks
The  UNHCR has datasets available publicly in the form of csv files.  How can I start to work with these in a Jupyter notebook? Does this need to be done from the terminal on Mac or can I do it inside Kaggle. I'm very new  to all of this and just want to play around with this data relevant to my field.
Thanks a lot for sharing.. I am a graphic designer strong with design visual skills frm media background 10 years.. What job profile would be best for me then here to learn????. Also Many industries have age criteria after certain age then dont hire u. How does age factors work here  when a old 45 age fresher works under 25 age experienced person???
When you go for one of the countless "become a data scientist in 10 hours" course, you don't really understand that material. The worst thing is you might THINK you understand it, but that's a false feeling. There is no way to understand it all in 10 hours, be prepared for a long journey or retreat. There are three books that I recommend to everyone:
When i was listening to you, it came into my mind Tim Ferris and i thought about "selection", one of the key steps to learning.
How, do we do to know if we are gonna do well? One way is to pick algorithms as performed in any of the courses you proposed (or even in Kaggle, where i have been starting giving a look), implementing to the real-world problems as said above and double-checking the solution by implementing the same algorithms using secondary, high-level programming environments like Matlab or Mathematica.
Hi Ken , this video appeared right exactly when I just gave up doing my Coursera course in math for data science, as I couldn't solve function approximation task . Seems like I am too dumb and don't have enough math background to be data scientist . Science I only can code, but when it comes to advanced math related problems, I feel depressed. Did you have the same feelings or it just me ? These advanced math related problems really scare me 😓 didn't expect to face such problems where I don't even understand the task itself 😓
Could we get an in-depth video on the differences between a Data Scientist and Data Engineer?
What r u doing guys?? Just press the like button... He's fucking amazing❤️❤️
Can you make a video on the learning path for AI?
Hi Ken! Thank you for your video! To be honest I have literally watched almost all your videos and get excited when ever you post a video. Can you make another series on Data science projects like you did previously?  Thank you!
Great video! Though is it possible for me coming from finance background to have a work in Data Science?
hey! i just started learning data science about 1 month ago. I followed your steps to learn, I've learned python basics by doing courses on udemy for python, also for matplotlib, numpy and pandas. I also learned abit of nlp because I will be doing it for my FYP. However, now after going on Kaggle and following your advice to read and understand the expert notebooks on Kaggle. I just feel so overwelmed by how much I do not know, I find myself googling almost every line. Is this feeling normal? Should I just keep going learning this way?
Would you mind giving me a little bit more information about this? I generally put my analysis writing on my Medium.com and code on Github. Then I connected the two together because I got those Medium.com articles that got featured on TowardsDataScience. Plus, Medium.com generally provides a much better layout for my project analysis. Do you think that approach is much better compared to just publish the analysis on Github?
Is it any good?. I'll need your advice sir Ken
Hi, Ken, as to the website, is that ok to just use website builder like wix or world press ?  Does the  ability of building a websites using program language also matter in building data science profile?
Hey ! can you upload some videos on how to start and be much familiar with kaggle ? would really appreciate that !
I'll be graduating with a degree in electrical and electronics engineering and I'm looking to do a masters in Data science and business analytics. Would this be a good combo?
And how do I input ' I ' ('or' symbol??)
Would you recommend using Andrew Ng's machine learning course on Coursera for someone looking to get started with machine learning and data science?
Hi Ken thanks for the info. How do organizations value certifications from udemy, coursera and datacamp? It seems that they are much less rigorous in assessments than other formal studies through universities. Besides, if there are so many people pursuing the same route, do you think employers would give preference to those who studied data science in top unis ?
Do u know how I can be a ball girl or towel girl?
Hi Ken, would you say that a data science certificate from a top school is more valuable than some other normal online data science certificates in terms of resume boosting? I am currently considering the data science online certificate from UC Berkeley, which requires taking 5 courses(one core, one programming, one machine learning and two electives on SQL). How would rate a certificate like this?
My major in college is Economics and I want to follow a path in DS, what do you think?
Hi Ken, I am about to finish my PhD in applied physics. I would like to move to the financial market after graduating. All of my papers are focused on time series analysis from the brain with graph theory, removal of artifacts, and so on. Would you have some specific advice? Naturally, my portfolio is basically scientific papers, which is too academic.  Thank you so much
Do you have any idea how to solve this? Thanks in advance!
selenium module error on python3? please help
Hi Keen, am planning to update my laptop that is future proof for data science job, e.g running power bi, tableau, Alteryx etc etc what you recon the minimal requirement for that? Disk space, ram and processor etc etc
How one can avail internship for Data science?? Can you guide for that?
I'm a physicist in the last year of my career.  I'm learning python , R and SQL (more python) for do data science  and I'm learning statistical inference and non-parametric statst. I think this are the basics. Then, I want to learn Spark and Hadoop, but what do you recommend me to learn before? I am thinking about docker
Can i start doing the project without completing any of the micro courses on kaggle? or should i start wth the micro courses first before start doing the beginner's project?
Hi. Do I need to start studying data science if I am not a technician (engineer), I don't know python and I have got only basic knowledges in math ?
What seems to be happening (based on the message and looking at the screen as it attempts to scrape) is that the code is either not properly able to exit from the 'Sign Up' pop-up or maybe it's not able to click on a posting.
I've been scratching my head at this for a while now and I'm really stuck. I'm using your code now directly from your GitHub. Anything you recommend trying? I love this series and am finding it very helpful but would love to follow along.
Can you suggest some free and good resources for learning ML using R?
Some People tells that you must need graduation to become a data scientist.So what can I do , complete my graduation which takes 3 years or focus on a data science stuff ?
INFO: Scraping tweets from https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&vertical=default&q=disney%20since%3A2020-04-20%20until%3A2020-04-21&l=english
If we follow all these videos step-by-step, could this count as a project to put on a resume or LinkedIn?
Hey Ken! Love your videos (just starting to binge). I am starting my MS in compsci with specialization in ML. Do you think that this is better or on par with the MS in data analytics from the same university? Thanks
Thanks for these videos again Ken. I just finished making my website this weekend. One quick question: If I already have my website linked at the top of my resume, should the links to my projects go straight to its respective repository on Github or to its page on my website? Which would be best through the perspective of the hiring manager?
Do you consider Computer vision as a part of Data science?
Question: When you say 'google' the algorithm, do you mean to search for a conceptual understanding of what the algorithms do?
why physics as second choice? abvoe math and statistics? what does physics have to do with ds?
Should we have the Knowledge of Natural Language Processing to follow this project??
Hi Ken. I trust you are well. Thank you for your videos. I started watching your videos when I found an interest in data science. I hope there is a way I could perhaps chat with you as I have just a few questions I hoped you could answer?
Hi Ken, I am senior level employee working in finance, but I started gain interest in developing my data skills however being my age, committingg to a master degree will be something I have to think twice, however I have been learning on my own. I found some good and useful course online, and it is really cheap option for me to get started, but I want to get deeper and broader about it, getting a job being a data scientist is not my goal here, my goal is to being an BI Consultant like I am pretty good with Power BI and Tableau, but also possible other tools. what you say mate?
should one get a masters in DS even though you are more interested in Data Analytics and are already an expert with SQL and Power BI? I feel like MSC in DS gives you a better chance to land a Data Analyst role than those without it.
Just cause you asked :  There is a suggestion - Why did you not select raw format and copy from there ?
Ken, do you recommend data science courses from udacity?
Hi Ken! I have a bachelors in chemical engineering and some years of work experience. I’m interested in making the switch to data science. Do you think a masters might be worth it for someone in my position? Most masters I’m considering are 30k-60k total.
I am coming from computer science background. I took lots of stats courses but doesn't seem to sink in into me. I keep using just basic stats for my work in the finance/decision support department in hospital. I am starting to learn Python. Based on your experience what kind of statistics I should focus on study on that I can use at work? I plan to apply machine learning to emergency department that is a project I plan to take on.
What did Krish Naik mention after H2O.ai ?
Ok I really wish 3:50 was explained more...what are you doing here excatly? This seems to be right where I start  getting confused.
Hello, I am trying to find out some Data Science Certificate programs, no idea how to get around to find them (most of the links from google search just doesnt seem that impressive). I have a Masters in Engineering, working into my Doctorate now. I want to do some work with programming and machine learning later on, so want to prepare for that beforehand. Any recommendations on how to look for some good Certificate programs?
- Any advices for an international student who wants to do masters in USA & Would it be possible to find job opportunities ?
So, what is the negative result of people learning predominately hands-on rather than under the oversight of others who are significantly more knowledgeable and skilled, and preferably with a good foundation of theory and broad based learning to bolster their metacognitive, theory and analytical skills development?   The result is that suboptimal approaches, zero hour bugs, and higher rates of failed projects, as defined by the failure to meet one or more primary deliverables as defined by the final SOW.
So, given that traditional education in the form of BS, MS and PhD’s in Computer Science and associated fields are increasingly becoming further out of reach of more and more people from a financial standpoint, what are the alternatives?  First, online learning when done in conjunction with apprenticeship learning is a basis for a wonderful high utility educational base.  Further, programmers need to step outside of their comfort zones and explore and identify areas that they are weak in.
Is professional programming any less deep or broad of an area of knowledge?   Not if you want to excel in terms of being at least well rounded and far more employable than average— and definitely not if you wish to excel in skills, compensation and job satisfaction.  So, don’t migrate primarily to hands-on without getting a good base of other approaches behind you, because statistically you probably will never go back to rectify the competency, knowledge and related gaps you create by doing so.
I have a  Masters in  public administration and did publish work and did go thru statistics class. I am not sure if I should do the Boot Camp or get a second Masters Degree.Boot Camp at my University is about 11 thousand dollars even though I have the money dont want to spend it something useless that will not provide the tools I need to get into the filed. I have seen countless videos and it seems like some ppl say that its a scam but I really want to get an insight .. would you hire me as analyst if I have a boot camp and some prior experience?
Hi, Ken. Can you make a vlog about your hardware setup? Great content, btw. Keep it up!
Hi @Ken Jee I just completed an undergraduate degree in computer science and engineering and also I landed a job as a Quant Developer in a reputed financial firm. I am planning to do Masters in Data Science in next two years. Can you tell me that this kind of job experience is beneficial for me or should I plan to switch my job?
no one's talking about the nut button on his desk behind his monitor?
Huh. I am so lost?!!
When I see your subscribers base growing ken, it feels like a personal growth too. Thanks for such an insightful panel discussion ;)
there is no sales major?
1. I am currently starting with the housing project and I didn't know how to start on my own so Im using 2 other notebooks as references and kind of copy pasting, would you consider that  normal when starting or is it bad ?(I'm gonna reference links to both of them when I finish my work of course)
2. For the getting started projects in Kaggle in general and the ones you mentioned in this video when do you think I can say I succeeded with this project like what's the minimus end goal in the score or something like that ?
I am a beginner. I have just finished a degree in Mathematics (with a focus in analysis and statistics). I'm using HackerRank to develop my python skills, I use kaggle for datasets (I perform statistical learning techniques using R) and I am using Elements of Statistical Learning to learn the mathematics (this is important to me as a mathematician) and the algorithms needed in "data-science" through the exercises in the textbook. I have been thinking recently that I would like to get a textbook on the probability used in statistics, such as a textbook in probability theory (and random processes), is this something you would recommend? Also, are there any "machine learning" or other textbooks in statistics you would recommend? Many thanks.
Hey Ken, do you have any videos on data generation/simulation and augmentation?
4000 views? Really?! These videos are highly, highly underrated. Keep up the good work, Ken!
Hello, im a beginner. I want to learn data scientist. Maybe , any tips for everyone ?
What major scientist you are, I just wonder, I have question about my senior class,
What feature engineering actually means?
I am follower from Egypt, I love your channels and most welcome to your great guest ..I recently begin in data science ..I need your advice and help to guide my steps how can I arrange it ?
Thank you for your video. Can you please post a video on how to prepare for Kaggle Competitions? Thanks.
How hard is it to understand "we take your information & sell it to advertisers while giving it to the DNC for free" the end
Can you give me some end to end project ideas, I am aware of that I need to gather data,clean data etc, but can you give me some project ideas, in the space of nlp and supervised learning problems. Is a Question answering bot of data science interview questions a good portfolio project?
what is the normal job profile of someone working in sports analytics domain?
This is a very well explained video! I am trying to get the tweets of one specific user, but the 'user' parameter that you mentionned doesn't seem to work ... any ideas on how I could achieve this? thanks!
What?
What is your computer keyboard model?
Here in Brazil we have this kind of discussion every day. And for the ones who is not from the field, but really passionate about data and the math behind it - and of course have enough time to do so -, won't you recommend a second bachelor related to the field? For example: Statistics, Computer Science, Mathmatics, and so on?
How do u think an economist, can develop as a data scientist? Regards from Spain
How about the courses on edureka?
How to get a remote data science job?
I think many less skilled persons can take on most data science positions as long as they learn the powerful libraries available. So what's there for the specialists?
What music are you using for the transitions in your videos? It's pretty groovy!
Why earthquakes cannot be predicted by datascience? You have enough data.
I am doing PhD in applied Mathematics, ( modelling on system and control ). I am working with C+, Matlab,  Python. I am pursuing my career as a data scientist / data analyst. Is there any growing field, relates to data modeling ?. In my case, Is it essential to take certificate from like, coursera, edX, .... And what is the main topics / parts should  have to complete?
What about non-free courses, certificates, or micrometers! could you please some of the high=quality but still affordable ones?
I can see a Mathematics book on your desk. What level of Maths is it, A Level or University first year? What level of Mathematics does one need to have to go into Machine Learning?
I already watched the video but i am here for the second time. For what? I just wanted to thank you. I loved Kaggle. I wish i had started everything from there. So thank you for telling about Kaggle :D
Hi Ken! What keyboard shortcut did you click to run the program at 20:29 where it showed the Chrome browser opening?
can BERT be used for text metadata extraction?  Can a newbee get a remote data science role?
Hi, may I ask how much hours do you normally spend on learning new  data science knowledge  everyday, at the moment?
Hey Ken,  great video for a beginner like me, thanks for your time and effort here. wanted to check if you have any recommendations for the Statistics micro-course? thanks.
I am a beginner in data science and would love to do a project based on astronomy. Do you have any suggestions?
I have a technical background but my specialization is Mechanical. Also like every second Indian boy I follow and play cricket alot , I came across your video and gave a thought to explore in this field. Also while pursuing this career I think that choosing your favourite sport would be a good idea. So as I mentioned without having any prior experience in the skillsets, how can I prepare a roadmap for becoming a cricket performance analyst? Will mathletics broaden the generalised view over sports analytics and help in relating to cricket as well to start of as a fresher? I'd really appreciate your feedback on my questions Sir.
Hello Ken! Great content! How can I contact you? I would like to discuss a little bit about the data scientist career path and your background is kinda similar to mine. I also added you on LinkedIn.
Ken - will you kindly pin this comment for everyone's good?
Is there any place where modelling and graphing is taught as well? Like if I wanted to simulate the motion of billiard balls on a table?
received 0 tweets. would you happen to know why?
Hi Ken for learning data science which programming language you suggest? Python or R
Hi Ken! am a beginner. I just want to know if this case study can be added in my resume after learning it thoroughly. ???
regardless of query, limit or language used. Do you have any idea of why this happens?
your channel is so cool! can we subscribe each other and be friends??🤣
How are the one on Coursera ? I am auditing those ones
What would you say are the prerequisites for kaggle?
I have another question, do you think kaggle kernels are a valid substitute to GitHub projects? Cause you can use kernels to show your thought process, among other stuff
Like having 6 descriptive kernels, based on the projects you recommend above, would be suitable for applying?
INFO: Scraping tweets from https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&vertical=default&q=COVID%20since%3A2020-05-22%20until%3A2020-05-24&l=english
SSMS can not be implemented on MAC OS, is there any other tools that I could use on the MAC OS? THANKS
Ken, which keyboard do you use ? Keep up the good work, many people have watched your videos down in Brazil. Good job on that.
Could you share the title of the books on your desk?
How did you learn complicated feature engineering? Through reading kaggle kernels?
Thanks a lot, Ken!! I have a question for you. Could you please give me a tip on how I can add an HTML file in the post.md - working path and command example? Again, I always appreciate your help.
The best video on scraping tweets. Easy to understand. However, I could scrape tweets only for a day. The next day onwards, every time I run the code, it returned 0 tweets. What could be the possible reason and how could I rectify it? The result was same irrespective of the topic or timeline. Thanks.
Thanks for the tips. I am working as a developer in cloud and python with 2 years of experience. I have Bachelors in CS. Iam currently pursuing the edx Data Science Micromasters from MIT. Its same lecture as MIT classroom program in Datascience. There are 4 topics Statistics, Probability, Machine Learning, Data Analysis for Social Scientists. Is this a good path to go forward for good chances of Getting a job in Machine Learning positions or Data Science Positions?
Are these skills helpful in the data science roles?
Also what is the font that you're using in Jupyter Lab?
Hey this is a super helpful video, I am trying to do the same using datetime.date.today so I don't have to keep updating the day but the twitterscraper module only seems to be able to search when the date is formatted with commas and no leading zeroes as you have done - do you have any idea how to get this to work?
Please, how do you update the portfolio after it has been created?
However, i want to know how's the life of both careers? Which one offer better work life balance?
When i go outside, my body is in holiday mode but my mind is not there, thinking of the unfinished project.
Then second, which one is more important and irreplaceable? Because i see lots of websites now offering design templates which mean maybe in the future, companies don't really need ux designer since they can use good templates from the internet.
Third, when you become the CEO of the company. Which skill is best to master? Data science or ux design? That will absolute critical as someone in that position.
So I'm trying to be a data scientist eventually,and I know from experience I don't like software engineering but I do really enjoy the role I had as a data analyst intern.Would you say looking for a job as a data analust is a good way to gzt your foot in the door to work up to data scientist eventually? I also can't afford to do an advanced degree.
I'm doing a masters in astrophysics right now - it's a lot of experience coding with large datasets, is that good enough to pursue a career in data science or should I look into some of these other options?
Hi, congratulations for your channel!  I have problems when I upload my public file in github, it generates the web but without the ananke structure, could you know why?. Thanks!
Hey, Ken, I’m a newbie in DS field and just getting started with my studying. Which online platform would u recommend to start from? What r ur thoughts on Dataquest?
So can there be a specific journey defined for a learner to enter implementation phase after completing the learning phase?
So my question is "Is explaining the reasons behind your actions and mentioning the value of your work important?"
is there any chance that I can made it?
9:07 @datasciencejay 's video, How to Land a Data Science Job Without Experience (My New Grad Story!): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7v_Szio9r3E
Hello. What if I don't have any programming experience?How harder the journey will be?
This is such an informative video. Thanks for sharing your knowledge. I am interested in learning about Data Science & Finance. Any financial engineers on this channel?
Hey Ken, Which company do you work for? or you work as a full time freelancer?
Thanks dear for your video, I am a beginner in data science I have passion about it...computer science isn't my present career or study  and and I don't have any experience...how long does it take to learn and work in data ? Thanks in advance
I truly feel ashamed while typing this text but what do you literally mean saying project? I mean for instance I think an original idea and then collect relatively data from sources then create a model for prediction. Or I just choose a Kaggle Project and try to accomplish the aim as good as I can. Which one does count for a resume? THANKS FOR SHARING YOUR EXPERIENCE AND THOUGHTS BTW ❤️ greetings from Turkey
Also I am a Full Time commerce student,  I don't do Physical science. Can I still pursue a bcom applied Mathematics degree without knowledge of Physical science, or should I perhaps just go with statistical learning(bcom mathematical sciences)?
I am very Interested in Data Science, Not for money, instead I never even thought of That. I'd say I am good at Maths, creative with good presentation skills, and yes I do love helping and working together  with others to solve problems, but I'm not good with computers. Can I learn to do that? Am I taking a risk?
I have to be an expert in python, for data analyst?
Hi! I am not sure what the project was about after doing EDA.  Did he try to predict the actual true gdp by using only the most relevant features in the data, like the number of phones etc? Sorry if this is a dumb question.
Hey Ken,  What did you do with the UFC? Could you create a video or share that on Github? Thanks
Can you give some options of good masters / certificates / Bootcamps ?
Hi Ken. I'm an experienced financial controller with a MSc in business administration and I took a leave of 6 months. I am looking for a career change to data science and already did udacity Programming for data science in Python. I only have until october to focus on this career change  and was thinking taking the ironhack bootcamp for data analytics (https://www.ironhack.com/en/data-analytics). After october with my demanding job and kids will be impossible for me to study.  I'm looking to be ready for a data analytics role as an entrance in data science market. Do you approve in my case to be the best approach? Thanks
I am a studying M.Sc in lighting engineering. I want to be a data scientist. How hard it would be?
Hi Ken can you explain why on one hand getting lost in the pack of people with these degrees is a concern but within 3 - 5 years it wont be an issue? what do you mean by that?
can being a introvert will effect the data scientist??
Nice video! For a beginner, is it better jumping to data science while learning programming or getting better at software engineering first and going data science thereafter?
Hey!  I'm a recent EE graduate who's been expanding my knowledge of Python and learning a little SQL through quarantine and I'm thinking of switching into the data science field.  I've done some ML and deep learning research before but I feel like I'm missing some of the fundamentals, although I'm filling them in as fast as I can)!  I got into a pretty good 2 year master's program, but I'm wondering your take because I do have a bit of an analytical background in engineering and I would love to consider a bootcamp or a certificate for the sake of time (especially if I can get started during quarantine).  Any tips?  Thank you so much! :)
hello!! I have a project or idea in mind. It uses the concept of Text Analysis. Can someone here guide me what concepts should I cover before jumping into the project? I have a very basic knowledge of Python. pls help.
Thanks for sharing these resources!! Follow up question - any advice on how to either find a data science mentor or group to collaborate with? I’ve been practicing on my own, but think there’s real benefit from connecting with more advanced professionals to get feedback and keep advancing, but am having a hard time figuring out how to get started here.
Thanks Ken — i recently subscribed and appreciate the informative videos. Some background — I have a background in Math (BS) & Chem Engineering (BS) and have been working in a data engineer/analyst role for the past 5 years at a major automotive company. Although I have a strong quant background, I feel like I need to hone my coding skill set to get to the next level in my work (currently familiar with some R, matlab, tableau, PowerBi). I am considering a online MS analytics from Georgia Tech for its curriculum, reputation, & cost  (<$10K!) — also it would be nice to have the added benefit/credibility of a MS. If you were me and wanting to strengthen your coding skill set to get to the next level in data analysis, what route would you take? And have you heard about Georgia Tech’s online program?
I’m an analyst for telco, however I use sql and power BI to do standard analysis with basic methods. I don’t have any R or Python experience so where should I start as I want to learn how to create and use models ?
For a beginner, is it ok to focus on Kaggle problems? Or should one explore LeetCode, and other such websites? It all gets overwhelming.
My mac is not opening hugo.exe file because it says its from an unrecognised source. Can someone help me out here?
2) Start with a full-stack development / software engineering bootcamp, get experience there, and then slowly transition to data science?
Coming from a civil engineering background with little to no coding experience, what sounds better?
I have an undergrad degree in computer science do you recommend a master in data science even though I have zero experience in the field  ?
Does this render Altair visualitions like fastai/fastpages? And what about Jupyter Notebook?
I have an electronics engineering degree but work as a biomedical technician in a hospital. Haven’t used any coding since college but use a lot of exceI. I was thinking of getting a data science specialization course and then a masters in data science at the end of the year. School can be partially covered by my employer. I was thinking about moving into an analytics or data engineering role at my hospital. Would that be a good route? Thank you.
Hi, Ken is it better to learn JS, HTML and CSS to land a machine learning engineering job or is it a waste of time?
Hi Ken! Is it better to learn HTML, CSS and JavaScript to land a machine learning engineering job or is it a waste o time ?
Hi, Ken, is it better to learn JavaScript, HTML and CSS to be a machine learning engineer or is it a waste of time?
Good evening Sir Ken Jee. I must say that you have been most helpful to many here and I deeply appreciate it. I have a BS and MS in Pharmacology and Toxicology(biomedical sciences) and I hope to transition into the data science field. With zero coding experience and a fair knowledge of math, how do you suggest I begin Sir? Also, what online courses (with links) would you suggest I start with? Is 365 data science site good enough? Kaggle seems to jump right into machine learning and thus I'm quite wary. So pleaser Sir, could you kindly shed some light? Thanks
Can you help me in projects like how to build the projects and what kind of books should i read.
I am getting a B.S in Econ, CS, and a minor in Math. I plan to do a bootcamp after i finish my degrees. Does that seem like a good mix to get a job after i finish all of theses?
Thanks for the detailed roadmap, it definitely helps some of us who are looking to pivot to a data science career these days! QQ Do you think a MBP 2017 i5 8gb would be enough to learn and do all of these? Thanks again for these! 🙂
What are some of the relevant bootcamp programs that you would recommend?
Truly grateful for your insights and advice in this video! It's fantastic. Just wondering, what are your thoughts regarding the 365 Data Science course? Cheers!
Finally, thank you so much @Ken Jee. I was waiting for this. I have been working on making a portfolio website. The skeleton is ready. However I have yet to host it on github. I also have yet to upload my data science projects to github. When I do in about a month or so, would it be okay if you took a look at it and gave suggestions on one of your Monday episodes?
Is hugo better than Gatsby?
For the more basic website version, check out this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1aXk2RViq3c
Hey Ken, I'm currently a grad student studying econ and finance and am just starting to utilizing data science to research at a higher level. What would you suggest is a good path is to cover the core basics of data science? My current idea of a 'best path' is: SQL, R, Python, and then focusing on packages like tableau and Tensorflow. What are your thoughts/suggestions. Could also do a video on this ;) Thanks!
Will a double degree in top CS and Stats programs in undergraduate kind of close to BS + MS? Thanks
Hey Ken, I have an experience of 2 years as an analyst and have just enrolled for Ms in data science remotely from Liverpool John Moore's university, is that worth it?
One thing i realised with DS and DL it that , that they are not just technical field but a business domain as well , you can not create a better ML model only based on technology , you need to know about business terms and what contributes in growth of that particular domain , do you agree ?
You did McIntyre? I did a couple electives there! Though the classes were a lot... softer than my main DS classes.
hey bro,I'm very much afraid of coding, but I want to do masters in data science and now I started learning programming...is it be worthful?
What do you recommend?
MS in Computer Science or MS in Data Science /Business Analytics?
Hi there, Ken. I really appreciate your content. I am a biomedical scientist who is beginning to use R-studio. Do you have any suggested freely available content like that described in this video for the R platform, which you feel is really solid or underrated?
Hi Ken! Im currently working on my first regression analysis (first concrete data science project really), but I’m being pretty thorough. Would you like to review it? It’s an assessment for my stats class, but most of what I do is not required since we have more concrete data science classes next year. It is due in Sunday, so if you are interested I can provide it for you. Just keep in mind it’s a first for me :)
Hey Ken. ¿What can I use in a Mac since SQL Server is not available for Macs?
Hi ,  i have a masters degree in Marketing(major) and i had 1 year experience in sales.I wanted to switch my carrier to Data science. will the degree&experience help me in my carrier transition to Data science??
Black box algorithms such as Neural networks?
I'm an accouting that wants to become in a DS, do you think this combo works?
Awesome, as always! I found this one particularly interesting, because it was well documented and went rather in depth. It shows that you can always do something to spice up your projects. On a different note, how many hours do you actually work to create one video? It is really incredible how you've kept up with consistent uploads for over a year and I am just curious about how much time this takes for you.
do you think its important to learn data structures and algorithm?
Could you please make a video on  Covid-19 prediction to attract recruiters post covid 19.
Can you suggest a solution please?
How important is it to have a master's degree for getting a job? I'm currently an undergrad CS major with a Stats minor, and I honestly feel like I can learn what I need online without a master's.
so I just started learning about data science, your videos help me a lot to get the insights. Thanks for those, and I had a question that would you recommend me to do the IBM Specialization on data science as a beginner?
Can someone from Visual arts background pursue data science without a science degree? If yes how must once start ?
Would you be able to make more videos related to data analysis? I've recently subscribed and love your vids, man! However, I'm not looking to become a data scientist per se, but rather, a data analyst. I would love to watch more videos ofyours regarding this topic. I know you have a few already though!
Is this possible to apply a custom loss function in a regression model ? I'm working on a stock market prediction model and I need to maximize the following loss function: if [predicted] < [actual]  then [predicted] else [-actual]. Would that be possible ? Thanks
I wonder how much speaking the word "algorithm" helps out with the algorithm
Hey Ken i got an idea for a project to work on my own (i posted it on the comment section of the video prior to that one, but just in case you only check comments of your most recent video), can i send an elaborated version of my idea via email so you can have a quick look and give me a little bit of insight ?
Did you pursue ms in computer science after mba degree? Was your second degree mba?
How long typically the inperson interviews?
I face problem after building a model that is I am struggling to enhance my accuracy. My data overfits and my accuracy keeps on stuck there and then and there's no one to guide me. What to do?
what a journey
I like the monitor. Can anyone provide some specs?
Do you recommend it over PyCharm?
Any tips on how do you put or phrase these self-initiated/learned projects into resumes? Since it is hard to show their impact.
What techniques should I use to create scores for data. So for example given a hotel and points of interest around the hotel, create a score for each hotel on its night life activity
What is your opinion on someone who pursuing a data science career without a degree? I'm currently self learning by buying course online and planning on attending a bootcamp in the next year.
hi sir, i want to step in this world of data. But i don't know where to start from. can you help me out please?
how to start as a carrer in Data  Science . ( without college ) , learn online? more knowledge please info
do you read research paper's as part of your job?
Is being good at advanced math really needed to learn Python?
Ken. Thank you so much for these videos.  I have an issue, when plotting the hist, the x axis takes from year 0 to 2020. How can I fix that?
Is a week enough for normal people to complete one project ? :D
I want to study machine learning and I’m familiar with Javascript will python be much better or not?
Hey Ken! What IDLE is on 4:45?
can you make a video on how to scrape a lazy loading website?
Is data science useful in sports too ??
How’s EDA done for image based problems ?
Is it possible to get an internship after your first year or should I save my efforts and wait for my second year?
Q. I don't have any particular degree of statistics or computer science but I liked statistics a lot and have encountered in school to graduation days. Now, I want to dive in data scinece domian. So my question is that, certification or micro-masters or masters degree, which one of this courses give me a push for jobs and good career path for data science?
Hey, I wish to become a sports analyst and I've basic knowledge about programming. Can u guide  me on how to reach my goal starting from scratch?
Can you please help. I tried slack but still stuck.
Your videos are really helpful. But I’m unable to find the correct order to watch them. Can you help here?
For practical implementation of ML one must start with fast.ai Machine learning or Udacity course for Machine Learning Nanodegree..?
Hi Ken,  I have started learning data science and this video was very useful. I completed a course on basics of python for data science on udemy. Can i attempt any of the projects that you mentioned? Or do i need to learn any other skills?
Would you recommend I learn a language like python first before I dive in to data science?
Ken, love the content brother!  Any chance you know a resource for analyzing running(e.g. marathoning) data?  Also, is that an Oura ring you're wearing?  Thanks!
I thumbed up and watched the video all the way through, why? because you also listed the things out in the description. Most people want to clickbait you into watching the full video so they dont list the content in the description, usually we have to go to the comments for someone to list them up. So thank you its appreciated.
Hi Ken, can you talk about how to manage and overcome conflicts when working with a team of programmers? It would be very helpful to get your input on this topic. Thanks!
Great video, gives me some structure to build my studying plan on! As my background is in law, I need to learn and revise some foundations: is there a book you would recommend for revising necessary math?
I noticed the books that you had on your desk.  What are your thoughts on Mathletics and Thinking in Bets? I can also wait for a video book review. I don't mind using your affiliate links. 😉
I really like how you post your goals on the walls!! Did you have morning and evening routines up there too? I've been cultivating morning routines for several years now and really feel the benefit from them. You seem so organized! Would you maybe do a video on how you track your goals in the excel spreadsheet? Thanks for the interesting video!
Will you review my project? I haven't started but I would definitely would want to get reviewed for feedback.
Great series. I'm trying it out after looking at your video. I feel that the per hour salary is just for an hour. While you have replaced the per hour with a blank. Aren't we gonna convert the per hour to the actual salary. By googling I found out that a data scientist in the US works almost 60 hours. Shouldn't we multiply this with the per hour salary and then with 52?
I am just starting Data Sci and I'm done witu Python but I have a question that many people may have. What fields of Math should I go for? Calculus? Mathematics? Statistics?
Hi Ken, I've been doing a data science bootcamp in London with Flatiron School. This week is my final week, and I have just finished my final capstone project. I plan on applying for data science jobs very soon, and I am trying to sort out my github projects, so I can impress recruiters and companies I apply to. I plan on changing my older projects to be structured and detailed like my capstone project, and do the same for any new projects. Could you review my capstone project please? This is the github link to my capstone project: https://github.com/awesomeahi95/Hotel_Review_NLP .
But, how did the command "touch" work for you? as it appears that it does not function in the Windows OS  and is definitely not working for me.
Will a phd in data science add any extra value in my profile than that of a masters student....with respect to industry related job?
Hi Ken, I am a freshman studying a bachelor in statistics.  Would you review projects in R?
what is considered as a project in data science industry  ??
Sir. .any mast degree is required for data scientist ..?
Any recommendations but for R software?
For other people - if you have the remote URL permission problem(?) with SSH (26:35), this website could help you. https://help.github.com/en/github/using-git/changing-a-remotes-url
What if you aren't best programmers but enjoy and good at stats and maths side of it
I am quite confused. Could you explain a little further?
Can you share the same for Machine Learning in Python and R?
How do you think i should go about this transition? FYI, i don't have a coding background, so will be learning from scratch.
Hey Ken, I'd love to pursue a career in sporting analytics but specifically for tennis, since it is my overwhelming passion. Can you speak on how to break into the sporting analytics career for sports that don't have as big of a presence as basketball/football/baseball? I appreciate your time.
hy I need some help in my project about Elasticsearch can you help me ?
Hey Ken, enjoyed your vlog. I am looking into vlogging myself, just curious it looks like you are reading a tele-prompter - is that the case?
Hey Ken, I am majoring in B.S. Information Sciences and a possible minor in computer science. I also plan on getting a masters in Data Science. Can I get data science internships with this major? Is this a good pathway to get a data science major? I
Can you review my Portfolio? I have only 2 projects. https://www.youtube.com/user/rodfloripa10
what to do when robots.txt show's disallow should you proceed? Cause if you show this to a hiring manager he might take it as a red flag for ethics.
ideas on how to approach it? I am not getting ideas as to how to go
how to select best 'Categorical features' in classification problem? is there any way to find which categorical feature is contributing more in terms of predicting?
It is possible freelance on data analysis and data science?
Can sigma six green or yellow belt courses on Coursera , would be useful for career advancement in data science ?
I'm new to the channel and I subscribed after watching a couple of your videos. great resources and advice, its just what I was looking for. I have a few questions about this video tho, howcome theres nothing about statistics in the courses you've recommended? I thiought its integral to data science and machine learning. and if so, what other prerequisites do I need?
Hey Ken, great video as always. Just a small question, im currently an industrial engineering student (so i have a good background in statistics) and have enrolled in the EDX IBM data science certificate program. I have finished all the courses (excpet for the SQL one which i will start soon) and feel like im fine with the coding and concepts (regressions, clustering, classification, etc. ) but do not know where to go from here since i have only worked on 1 project (the capstone from the course). As a next step i am thinking of learning tableau (for data visualization) and SQL, but apart from that what do you suggest i do ?
which keyboard are u using?
Good stuff, man. I'm interning as a Data Engineer this summer, and was also one last summer(i actually really enjoyed it). Mainly focused on ETL's and automation using Python and AWS... Do you have any tips on resources where I can better my SQL knowledge?
Is there any basic statistics course you would recommend to give me more idea about the analytics?
I wanted to ask you as you are sports data Scientist that you could help me to start a career in esports data Scientist. Like what are the requirements? Skills and experience. I am a gaming freak and I want to start a career in data science.
Thank you for this Ken! Quick question, what is that Mathematics book on your desk? :)
Very informative. I recently became interested in data science, and I'm trying to find out what my best course of action would be. My biggest issue is that I don't have any computer science exposure. I was a biology/pre-med major, and I've been working in the pharmaceutical field for 4 years. I have a decent grip on statistical methods, but again no knowledge of coding outside of excel and a few lines in R. I'm afraid I'd be blown out of the water if I jumped into a master's program right away (assuming I could get into one). I guess my question is, where do you think I should start?
Do data scientist have to know as much programming as actual programmers?
It takes how much time to become a data scientist?
Hey Ken, I'm actually building my data portfolio but I'm a little lost on what to show. I've done a lot of work with R and python projects, analyzing data but I'm not sure if I should show every work/project that I've done over the last 2-3 years. What do you recommend?
You learned data science in 5 years??? Studying how much hours each day?
I really appreciate your content Ken. I have a question and will appreciate an answer from anyone .My background is in Petroleum Engineering and want to switch towards Data Scientist there is an online boot camp of 3 months from brainstation( 15000 $cad) to help me become a data scientist. Do you think it's worth it? Once you are a Data Scientist is it easy to transit to data engineer?
What are your thoughts on engineers (chemical) transitioning to a career in CompSci specifically in Data Science?
What advice would give to for someone interested in data science but is currently pursuing a cs degree?
hey, you said before you work with 365. is there an affliction code for me to use?
Hey Ken, I am currently pursuing civil engineering (Final year) and planning to do masters in data science. So what advice can you give me before going for it?
Do I need to learn Data Collection, cleaning and EDA before moving to build ML models? Or can I directly start with ML and build models?
The moment i learn about Data Science i knew i have found where to put my focus on but i still haven't been able to make a goal in that direction, any tips?
What would you say the difference is between data scientist and machine learning engineer?
Currently a CS student looking at the data science field. I'm in my school's co-op program, and also planning on doing its accelerated Master in machine learning as well. I wonder if you have any take on getting a Master at a small and not as well known college? Right now, I'm finishing my sophomore year and my first internship, but I'm finding it increasingly hard to even get a response from data science-related roles. I'm worried that this will be a snapshot of what's to come even when I graduate, do you think a Master will help with getting past the initial resume screening, or is it not worth it if it's not from a more recognized school? Also, really appreciate the fact you are still taking time to answer questions on old videos!
What's the difference between someone with a masters or PHD in Math who is a data scientist and someone that doesn't have a math background and is calling themselves a Data Scientist because of their experience in the field and some of the classes they have taken in data science?
Which statistics book would you recommend for data Science
I have a question. As I am in my senior year of computer science student, I am not sure whether I should go further into master. Especially, when I look up the job openings, all data scientists are usually required to hold at least a master degree. Is it necessary for a data scientist or relatable positions as you mentioned in this video to have a master or even Ph.D in Data Science field?
Thank you Ken, because of your video, im into Data Science world. currently I work as a Data Analyst for about 7 months now. I still find it hard sometimes to learn Data Engineer and DS part. Is it better for me to learn DS part or DE part first? thank you
I am starting a MS Statistics this month. I know that many people choose to not get a degree to start a career in data analysis and data science, but I think having the degree will help me land a better job starting out since many positions I have seen have a masters as the minimum qualification. Also, because of the job market right now I don't expect to start working till January of 2021. Your thoughts on this?
Great content Ken! Do you know ir there’s any DA or DS internship on FANG companies? I could only found a research intern position, and I’m not sure it is trully related to DS.
Between EDA and  “model building”, where would you include feature engineering, feature selection , model validation? I ask because I have sadly seen MLE job postings where there is zero “modeling” work. I often find myself in this very situation at my current job where I merely productionize models created by more senior data scientists. So yea I wonder how you think about the different interpretations of these roles in the industry =) .
Is it necessary to master if i want to become a ML Engineer?
You can study Data Science and Artificial Intelligence in my university as a Bachelor and Master - would you consider that a valid option - as Artificial Intelligence seems to be more needed for someone with a PhD, would you therefore recommend starting with studying raw Data Science, Data Engineering or even Machine Learning for a Master?
Which micro-courses on Kaggle should I take and in which order?
Hi Ken, is it possible for you to create a separate short tutorial on GIT? Or can you guide on resource related to it.
Just wanted to throw this out there. I am 27 with a degree in Finance and a real passion for technology/programming. I was a comp sci major in community college, but didn't give it the time it needed and eventually switched to finance. I quickly realized that I wanted to do something that I was passionate about which is numbers and programming. I found data science. So far on my journey, I have acquired a Certificate in Data Science from UCI (very high-level stuff, didn't really go into great depths, mostly theory), but I always have these doubts that I am too old to get into tech or that I don't have enough real world experience to get into tech. I work hard everyday after work to learn more and more about  data science. Any advice/words of wisdom from anybody that has had a similar path as mine?
Is it possible to see the data frame as you are in the top right corner (similar to how it's presented in R) in PyCharm or is this view specific to your IDE?
Can A person from commerce background with 0 programming background can get to be data scientist. And how?
I am a great cook. Can I clear Data science interviews ??? :))
Is masters necessary to get a sports analytics job?
Hey, i just want to ask,is data science has a strong relation with accounting? Because i am kinda afraid that i learnt data science but it can't be implemented in accounting and my investment kinda ruined
Hey Jee! Can you suggest me as a beginner  what should I first start basic stats or learn prog Lang?
Does it still make sense to learn python for data science ? Pycaret just came out few weeks ago and now you can do the same work much faster.
Hi, i am so frustated i cant import my module in my spyder, how i can get it ?
Great Series Ken! Very informative and easy to comprehend from a novices perspective. One question I do have and forgive me if I am not understanding this project correctly but how do we use this tool practically? We are able to scrap the listings from glass door and ultimately make a model to estimate an avg salary for a job but when it is all finished is this a tool where we can plug in a job title and a set of skills or something and it returns an average estimated salary for said job (for maybe salary negotiations of a current position etc.)? Sorry if this went over my head when going over the project!
Question- Is django used in the field of data science, if yes have you used it in any projects?
Hey, ken, this was an amazing video. I'm just starting with DS and this helped a lot. I also sent a mail to you, can you please check that? Thanks for all the great videos too, keep it up!
do you prefer spyder rather than pycharm?
What can i do to solve this?
Thank you for the useful video! I run the codes a number of times just for checking. I do successfully get the tweets, but sometimes it returns  with different numbers of tweets. Do you know why is that the case, and how to resolve it? I did not set any limit for querry_tweets.
I love your videos, they've been incredibly helpful. I'm an economics major with an actuarial science minor and am teaching myself Python and SQL through DataCamp right now (I already have a fair amount of experience with R). I am also doing a data science internship this summer. I know this may make it seem like I am pretty set but I am also graduating this fall and am pretty scared about my job prospects. Do you have any advice for more I could be doing to try to get into the field?
What is your opinion about Deep Learning Specialization course on Coursera? Would it really help a lot to learn deep learning ?
Would you do a Document of your experience of how to star?
thanks for the info...I noticed the trackball on your desk ...what trackball are you using?
I don't usually comment on youtube videos, but this series is simply amazing! It's often difficult to find content on data cleaning and model production, so this project series will benefit me a ton. Quick question- what is the best way to go about modifying the scraper so that it can scrape a much larger dataset (i.e. 5000 or 10000 data points)?
Does anyone know how to deal with this?  I am new to web scraping.
And I'm trying to figure out what the best path to this would be for me? I'm not really in a position to stop working, but my company will pay for me to go back to school up to 10k per year for graduate programs or 5k per year for certifications. Over the past month I've been utilizing as many online free resources to learn as possible including kaggle, LinkedIn learning, etc.
What would you recommend is the best move for someone in my position? Do you think after I build a few projects I could start applying to entry level Data analyst positions?
So I did small examples while learning this material during my MBA, but didn't have the time to delve deeper into projects. What sort of data science projects would you recommend for an MBA to learn?
Just I have a question that terrifies me. Do I need to be a math wizard? Just the word algorithm terrifies me.
What can you suggest? Not to panic? Or focus myself inf hard core maths, statistics, algebra...???
how can I get all comments from one  tweet
This really is great stuff Ken!  Out of curiosity,  Why don't you have a patreon page or something?  You content is so valuable to aspiring data scientists, I'm sure people would want to support you.
Any ideas??
I have become very confused with the different advice various people give regarding data science. The coding languages like R and python seem to give the user a more technical and intricate level of work but these don't seem inviting to me when there are options like Matlab available which is significantly more user friendly especially for beginners. I graduated with an engineering degree last year, I have since tried to study machine learning with python after having no background in the language and it seemed more difficult to study and memorize all the different algorithms one has to go and create or the the different uses of packages like numpy. On the other hand I started a course on data science with MATLAB and the ease of graphing and using visual aids seemed to make Matlab a more desirable choice for me. That being said, I don't really hear of Matlab being a buzz-word in the data science community, why is this? Where would Matlab be more applicable than software languages like python or R?
Can you please confirm do we need any developer account in order to get past month tweets? Also i want to extract tweets from specific location, is it possible? Further, please confirm if we can specify hashtags and keyword based search with this method.
What keyboard is that?
Very intuitive. Thanks. I've a Master degree in Physics (specialization: particle physics). I'm thinking of diving into data science. So, apart from what you have said, would you be able to guide me in this regard specifically? What would be the best case scenario in my case? I have a strong background of Mathematics and an intermediate level of programming.
Are Edx Courses Worth ??😃. And their certification ?
Hi! Good video. Would you argue you need a strong programming background to become good at this? I have a MBA with a lot of statistics and planning to change paths to Data science. I do have some experience with Python. Would this be a good base change careers?
Thanks for the useful  recommendations Ken!I am looking to buy a new laptop for my msc in data science.I have my current for 6 years and it isn't in good condition. Do you have any recommendations or some specs that I should focus on?
Hi Ken. Good review. Can you help us know what are the books available online on data science? I learn better when I read.
Which language according to you is more beneficial to learn for Data Science,Ken. R or Python? Currently I'm taking Data Science using R. So, should I focus on Python as well? And can you please suggest some good courses? Thank You.
Thanks for watching everyone! If you would like to have your project reviewed, please comment below and send an email with your info to kenjee.ds@gmail.com! For more resume and project portfolio advice, please check out this playlist: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DM1eE_Coh6g&list=PL2zq7klxX5ARnFpk83JauioZb5zyxNZek
I am a commerce graduate and want to pursue my career in data science but i am not sure if commerce educational background will help me .Do i necessarily need to have a technical educational background to pursue my career in this field ?please help and answer.
This is so helpful. I'm really new to Data Science field. I'm working as an intern data scientist. I don't really have much work at office which is really frustrating. I'm applying to many companies but I'm not able to get into any. Can someone tell me what am I don't wrong?
Hello, how non tech candidate can move in that? Bcz he don't have how to start?
Great tutorials! Have you considered trying streamlit for publishing the „app“?
Would you recommend doing the deep learning courses by deeplearning.ai on Coursera?
Hi Ken, opinion on Government Data science jobs?
Curious, where'd you get those glasses? lol
To be a good data scientist do we need to be good at pure math? A lot of software engineering is logic-based, is it different for DS?
On the lucrative side, does coming in with a Master's Degree boost your potential pay cut?
Hi Ken, thank you very much for this video! Very informative! I've been exploring data science for a few years now, and I believe I have all the skills necessary (R, Python, SQL, PowerBI, statistics,...). I would love to get into the sports analytics field professionally, but I haven't found the right channels to do that yet. I'm also in the Chicago area, so I was wondering if you have any specific tips to network with people in the sports analytics field? In your experience, what are some of the interesting organizations in the IL area and how would you recommend approaching hiring decision makers?
Hey Ken have you thought about creating an intensive comprehensive course in Data Science? Lots of courses just teach the concepts but not real-world varied applications with different dirty and challenging datasets?
Hi Ken,  would you choose studying master in Statistics or Data Science ? If you had to start over
I guess you would be The Data Lead ?
If I only take the data science certificate (I.E. like the IBM professional certificate), would that be adequate enough? I have just graduated in Petroleum Engineering where have learned conceptually and mathematically the Oil and gas industry particularly on the upstream sector hance I understand the basics underlying the Energy business?
2) did I say be open minded? Good. Now tell yourself over and over and over, “almost no companies know what data science is”. And neither do you. So let me tell you what data science is: it’s the ability to understand and manipulate data and/or information. That’s it. Data science is not Python. If I give you an excel sheet of data and ask you to create a pivot that shows me counts and sums of those counts and you do that; you are being a data scientist. Your ability to code in a certain language does not = data science. I’m telling you this, cause being and looking this internet conceived data scientist part/person is a misconception and can kill your dream of ever growing into a great data scientist. Give yourself credit for what you know. And be confident that because you can analyze data in excel, you can also learn object oriented programming.
Do you just make videos on how to learn datascience, noting some courses and website here and there?
I've been interested in getting into sports analytics would i be able to do it if i do sports science at university?
What course should a student enrol for degree program that will create job opportunity in data science field.
Should I go for degree in data science or degree in computer engineering? Thanks
Great work and a eye opener. A tennis coach in Mumbai India . Am total begginer into this .what would you recommend how do I start with? I have no IT background or any tech background. But I believe the data analyst in tennis would work wonders to get know detailed side of the game.
Hello Ken, Is there any that we can connect through WhatsApp? I want to grab more knowledge/ techniques from you because YOU ARE THE BEST.
Thanks so much for putting this content out. Currently a Data Analytics undergrad student (after having done a Data Analytics bootcamp lol) this video has been an invaluable resource. I have a question regarding your second point of going back to grad school/not wanting to go back to school and still wanting to work in data science. Why do you consider Physics to be an integral part of learning in the field? I can see why one should study 'CS, Math, Statistics, or some other quantitative discipline', but hadn't thought of Physics and how it fits in the data science landscape. Interested in your thoughts. Thanks for your time!
Hi Ken, what is your opinion of writing Unit test to make sure your data cleaning is done correctly? It is hard to find a mistake when you have thousands of rows. But you can find mistakes better if you data set is small and controlled.
Hi Ken. I am making a career change and want to get a second degree in CS. I noticed some schools do not offer second degrees except at the graduate level. What were your other school choices for your MS degree? How did you research? Any good resources? Did you consider online program?
Is this course is enough to get job in data science ?
How much money do you make? This is very interesting topic you should talk about
Thank you for your videos Ken. I saw your videos and looked up your LinkedIn profile as well. It mentions your recent experience as a product owner. Would it help to learn data science for future career interest in Product Ownership and Innovation?
Hi Ken, thanks for the insight. Im currently doing a full stack web developer course and after i finish i want to branch out to something different. Data science maybe the option. I have no background in computer science or maths. Would u still think its achievable to accomplish or would it be too difficult of a task? If you think it is achievable, what math do u recommend i start learning? Thank You
This was really useful. I’m currently dual majoring in mathematics and computer science with a minor in actuarial science. Would it be useful to go for a PhD in statistics, or is that overkill for data science?
Ken, I know i'm going a little off topic but  still... What's your opinion on the new MacBook 13" as a main computer for a CS data science-oriented undergrad?
I'm a new subscriber! I love your channel. I've been going through a few videos. I'm currently working in the social impact sector . I'd like to know more about how I can use data science to grow in my career. I have no background in Data Science but I do have some understanding of the basics of programming. I studied electrical engineering in my undergrad and have some experience with SQL through some previous jobs. My current role is more operational which I enjoy but I would like to explore this area. Could you share your thoughts on the intersection of these two fields?
I am on stage 2, let's see how many of us?
Great video! Would you recommend to have some of these project on a resume for applying internship position not so much in the data field, but more of a business position that required some levels of data analysis capabilities? e.g Market analyst, business analyst, project manager and such.
Is a bachelors degree in business analytics a good start in the field of data science if you’re really bad at maths and know nothing about programming ??
I have statistics bachelor degree but I graduated 7 years ago and I never worked on my major,, basically I don't know anything about it.I'm really interested in Data science these days. I started to learn Python last month, how realistic to be data scientist in one year for someone starting from zero? do you recommend any master about it or online courses might be enough ? Thank you ! I really like your videos please keep sharing with us.
What do you think of the job demand  in 2025-2030? And I'm also concerned about the paying.. is the income good in the data science career? What salary can I expect?
You have wonderful content. I've noticed that your subs have been growing pretty rapidly over the last days, congrats! With regards to Kaggle, a professor once told me "if a product is free, you're the product". How might this be the case with Kaggle? Why is the platform free?
Very interesting and informative video, Ken. Thank you! I was considering to make a few “exploration” notebooks. For example, a notebook trying to cover the difference between classification algorithms, with some hyper parameters tuning and trying to figure out the best metrics to use. This isn’t exactly a very original project, but I think it’ll contribute a lot for my learning process. Do you think this would be a good candidate to go for my portfolio? Thanks again!
I am reading a few articles about this profession and I saw that the massive job opportunities require an IT graduate? And massive knowledge of statistics, how deep do I need to know about these skills? I am 40 yo a biologist, I got a PhD, but in environmental science...
I hope that this video helps you to build out a practical data science portfolio! More advanced version: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEZ1Hj5yQ-8 !
Hey Ken ! I just completed a course on inferential statistics... great course... but I don’t know where and how to apply the knowledge I have gained. Can you help me out please?
There's not enough content in this video to fill even the 10 seconds in the beginning when you ask everyone to subscribe. Is it just me or YT is a time black hole?
Great video man! Where did you go to grad school?
I just completed an undergraduate degree in biomedical science and planning to do a Masters in data science and I was wondering how much of a transition would it be if I haven’t done any coding or maths?
Sorry is this is a dumb question but what are we exactly looking for when we look for trends? Are there some common things that you look for as a data scientist or do you just really need to understand your data well and be creative to find some interesting things in your data? Any resources you suggest for how to go about doing EDA as a beginner?
How to do feature selection on imbalanced data? do we need to do with original data (imbalanced) or with oversampled data (SMOTE) ?? Which is better??
I have just pass my high school. Is data science still be useful and demanding in 2025?
Congratulations! Your videos have been very helpful and also what is your opinion about 365 DataScience course??
As a beginner should i learn the fundamentals of machine learning at first Because i know python then i jump to maths?
Do you have a hickey ?
Great video, thank you for sharing!! May I ask what route you took to becoming a data scientist?? Did you go to school and majored in something relevant or were you a self starter mathematician and learned coding by yourself?? I know it's a loaded question and off topic from the video but some info is very much appreciated!! thank you!!
Can you point to some projects from kaggle that we should do in stage 2 and stage 3 ??
Video Idea: How do you analyze your own Youtube channel data?
Hi Ken, thank you for the great video! As a four-year experience data/risk analyst,  I think your suggestion makes a lot of sense. A master degree could be a great choice if I want to move to a data scientist type of role. I wonder if you could share your thought a little bit about  a master in DS vs Stats. My concern is DS programs are relatively new, and maybe most hiring managers are suspicious about the program and expectation of candidates are not established yet, so they would rather choose candidates with stats background. And plus, fundamental knowledge of stat could potential help solving hard core tasks in career later. Could you please share your thought on this please? Thanks!
twitterscraper username --user --csv -o name.csv - it works great. Thank you so much. But in the list are no replies. How to collect replies to the same file?
Hey , great content ! I wonder about the market for data scientist now ? Do you think it's a good idea to go through bootcamps like Springboard ? I want AI focus , is python and R what I should learn ?
Hi Ken, thank you very much for your help with your wonderful videos. I am 43 years old and have come this far through my fondness for the NBA and fantasy games. I would like to go a little deeper through some courses that I am doing (Mathletics, Python, R, Sabermetrics ...). Do you think it is a waste of time considering that my mathematical education is that of the institute? Thanks again.
@Ken Jee what is this keyboard that you are using?
In your opinion, is a certified bootcamp a good way to go if available?
Hey Ken Congrats. Today I was applying to data analyst roles and I remember you saying that these are great roles for people who want to pursue data science but aren't quite there yet. I think you said that... Anyway  I was wondering if you had any tips on pursuing these roles?
Can you review my Github profile, please?  I do not have a CS background, that's why I don't feel confident.
Hi Ken, how about a more detailed video on the different ways to assess the accuracy of the model?
In order to learn data science is it necessary to learn deep learning and ai?
Hey ken if i do my bachelors in computer applications or economics can i become a data scientist and which one is gonna help me more??
What do you say would be a good next step to get deeper into data science with that pretty solid foundation of knowledge on statistics? Can you recommend courses, books or other sources for my situation? All the data science sources that I found were starting from zero which was a bit annoying for me.
Hi ken, i dont have a background in mathematics and statistics but i am a SAS programmer. Can i become a data scientist?
Hey Ken. Thanks for sharing this video, amazing content. Do you recommend Dataquest DS courses? I am thinking of applying to its annual subscription, since they offer different types of practical projects.
Hi, I am from technical support background with 4 years of experience. Can I start learning data science now?
Is Computer hardware & Instruction set architecture necessary before starting to learn Data science ?
What are your thoughts on ML course by Andrew Ng on Coursera, its the most famous out there and is completely free.
Can you please upload a playlist on retraining a deployed model and handling multiple user requests at once ? an extension to your deployment video would be heavenly.
Good job Ken! That was fast :) If I remember correctly you had 8k subscribers before 2 weeks? Road to 100k :)
Have you done any sport analytics videos?
So should I go through all of those topics before enrolling for a course or just start right away?
👍 Ken could you also review some good data science resumees?
Thanks for the video, very reassuring. Please can you recommend any free statistics for data science courses? Would really appreciate it.
The course name was data analysis with MATLAB, to continue my data science learning what should i do next?
can i self learn data science if my math is incredibly bad? (like grade 2-3 standard)
I want to start out as analyst for supply chain or industrial engineering in general. Should I be starting out in R or python ?
Yes but can a data science certificate get you a job as a data analyst? I would imagine that it could, and then that could be leveraged to get into a data science/data engineering role.
Well i am also thinking to start a career in data science,  but while learning i got stuck and didn't understand the thought process of that code,  is this normal??  Or i need to do something else
How much time the one should practice in a day???
I am now 32 can i learn ? And Can  I do data science job?
I've heard that a great way to eventually end up in a sports position is to work in data for a non-sports business first to legitimize yourself and then transition to sports. Have you seen this and would you recommend?
How beautiful it is to work long and hard and alone on a project but also be able to present it and explain it to others, AND add real value and impact to the user.
I am majoring in Accounting and minoring in Data Science, what do you think about this path?.
So, do you think i can learn DS in 3 months?i learned python the last two weeks it's easy but i didn't build any projects yet.
I loved your contents, I have even sent u a connection request on LinkedIn. Could you suggest better ways to learn R and BI free of cost?
Hello sir , I'm currently enrolled in computer engineering in university and there are some of the courses (which are basic for datascience)  in my syllabus and i'm willing to get more of data science but I'm confused ? What can I do for it ? Will I take free courses or join bootcamp or get online certificate?
Any books you recommend to fill some gaps here?
Hey Ken, thanks for the video. I have a question I hope you could help me answer. I have a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration degree, and I would love to transition to the field of Data Science. I am planning to do that by enrolling into the Masters Program. Another reason why I want to get the Masters is because I am planning to immigrate into another country, so getting a degree there would be one of the best options for me, as I can't get a job in DS right away. During my university years, I've been introduced to most of the basic concepts of Statistics and Calculus. I've completed a few DS courses online together with some CS and Programming Extension courses. My question is, do you think getting a Masters degree in Data Science is suitable for me, and what are the chances of me getting accepted into the program? Thank you very much!
Is that an Oura ring?
How is towardsdatascience course?
Can you please explain how natural simulations like over at Jabrils, Primer etc. channels are made?? Thanks!
How can I get about 75k to 100k tweets without retweets? please help me out
Bro should i learn algos first or libraries like numpy matplot ?.....🙏🙏
Hey Ken, I'm a new subscriber. I have really enjoyed watching your videos. They're great and very informative. I'm interested in data science and  data engineering. I'm debating between get an MS Computer Science or MS Data Science from DePaul University.   Would you advise I pursue a CS or Data Science degree if I'm interested in both fields? Also, I believe that you went to DePaul for your MS. Would you recommend DePaul's MSCS or MS Data Science program? Thanks!
I have one question is that to practice project on Kaggle (house price for instance), if I look on others' work I worry that my own project will be a copy of them cuz I am a beginner, what should I do? Thanks in advance!
Hi Ken, i have a PhD in mechanical(thermal modeling), with 15 years of R&D design, investigation and project management experience. i have finish data science core from Edx with a certificate. it includes intro to python, SQL and essential maths in python. i am currently doing anther certification with 365 data science, it has 23 modules. I had done coding, mathematical modeling, and matlab script simulation during the working years. i had done a lot of maths in high school, especially the whole of statistics. i am currently thinking of doing a bootcamp in my country, which originally cost USD 20k, but able to get a discount down to USD 5k. its is a twelve week course, and i plan to take 2 months leave for the course. i agree with you about the networking the bootcamp can offer and also skeptical that all the online certificates can land me a data scientist job. what do you think? thanks in advance. great vedios that you had uploaded. i learnt a lot.
How is machine learning by Andrew ng ?? Course
It's a good idea put the articles that helped me in the project in readme?
Can you give any recommendation of a website where I can practice python as a beginner
For none CS majors, what are the top cs topics that once need to master to be successful in data science ? What are some good resources?
Hi Ken, this is a great video. I appreciate you taking the time to talk about this topic in depth. If I heard correctly, you said it took you five years to get to where you are today. Can you shed some more light on that? During the last five years were you working as a data scientist/analyst, or is this something that you pursue in your spare time?
How much time it take an average to learn tools and tech for DS.
how would you recommend me to include a previous experience in developing a business in my CV? Thanks a lot again!
I am currently working on a BS in Comp Science with a certificate in Data Science using electives. My plan is to enter the workforce after graduating then work on a MS in Data Science online. What are your thoughts on this plan?
nice vid man, was very helpful :) I have a question: is it better, when i have one repository for projects, which are separated in different folders or for every project i have to make own repository? I'm just beginner in github
Hi Ken. Great video. Does it look bad to Data Science professionals if all of an applicant's projects rely on existing packages like scikit-learn, gensim, keras, etc.? Is it significantly helpful to applicants to have their own implementations of regression, random forests, naive bayes, etc.? in the same way that computer scientist students have their own implementations of sorts and stuff
Hey man do you have any contact details which you can share? I would really like to ask something privately.
Amazing video , who even disliked it? not me haha I hit the like button. I COMPLETELY SMASHED IT
Are the courses given in the link above free?
Is the course in kaggle link free?
Hey, I'm pursuing a commerce or more specifically a finance degree but I'm thinking of going into the data science field. So is it like a feasible decision? Will my degree even matter?
Hi, I'm 31 and I'm starting in data science. I'm learning python from absolubly zero and I have some math knowledge but no programming skills. Do you think I'm starting late? Could my age be a problem for finding a job on the future?
Also I'd like to know about remote work. It's possible to find out a job like that for a data scientist? If you'd make a video about it would be great.
Yooo liked your video! I am an economics student, and I am thinking of minoring in Data Science. Would you recommend it?
I have a question. I am a beginner in data science. So i should learn hadoop, spark and stuff like that?
Thanks for such a great video! I am also planning make some projects for my resume. Do you think it will be a minus to use the data from Kaggle than using the data which I obtained from websites by myself?
I tried to search you in kaggle , could you tell your kaggle id? Thanks
How times have changed...
My coworkers work in a different time zone, and so I have to adjust my schedule to match theirs. However, that's a struggle in of itself as it means late days (even though I start late). Any suggestions on how I can remedy this? Thanks!
Hello Ken. I am fresher graduate. I want to strat learning data science from scratch. So from where i should start??
Sir, At what age were u a professional data scientist?  Just curious xD
Is there any website where i can test my knowledge?
please recommend me agood laptop for data science?
I am a machine learning student i am practicing machine learning since 2 years now and  I am in my 3rd year of B.tech Degree but i do not have any internship.. Can you please help me out with this.?
I know intermediate level of python so what should I do now?
Hi Ken jee. Happy to have bumped into your channel. In your opinion, do you think is crucial for data scientist to learn about flask or django?
how can you enjoy frustration? it's most horrible feeling when something doesn't work....
Great vid man, thanks. If we are struggling to land a data science role, do you think being a data analyst for a period of time would be a good stepping stone to landing a DS job?
I found you from another YT channel you just commented on today. I am thinking about taking a certification course in Data Science from eCornell. What is the best program in NYC would you suggest?
where W>=10) as pitch
where AB>=40
where Ab>=40 and W>=10;
my question is:  when should we use subquery? it looks complicated and easy to make a mistake during usage.
Hi Ken, My main goal in the next 3 years to become a proficient data scientist. Because I recently only discovered my passion for data science and I did my bachelor's in Urban planning. Now I have to learn quickly all the concepts and be competent in applying those into real-world problems which I am sure I can. But my only worry is to get an entry-level job in the data science field since I don't have any paper qualifications or experience from my current job. Any tips on that how I could land a new job in this field to gain experience?
I would start by not learning it and start learning software engineering. Data scientist  are looked down in the tech industry. Any software engineer can do their job but it is boring as hell. Apart from that, your end product is nothing but a power point or report showing your results. Who would feel proud of that?
Hi, Is it mandatory to be a software developer if I want to work in ML? in other word, are all ML engineers are software developer? I am an EEE person interested in ML. I know C, MATLAB and python but i don't have any idea about frontend or backend web development as well as software development. So, for me will it be wise to spend time learning ML?
Is there any provision for getting tweets for a particular keyword depending on number of followers?
What topics in Statistics for Data analysis.
What depth in SQL and so on & the list is long.
Your monitor has a TN panel and doesn't support wide viewing angles. I'm guessing that this is for a reason. What reason could that be?
Hi Keen, I really enjoy your videos, do you think is a good idea to start the first project making one model of linear multiple regression or it should be a bit more complicated? Thank you
Hey, I have just stumbled upon your channel as I was trying to find some good resources regarding data science. I am currently a third year student doing a computer scene degree with integraded masters. Next year, I have the option to choose some optional modules like: Machine learning technologies or foundations of data science. What do you think I should take? Should I take the ML course and try to understand data science in my free time? I can only take one of those 2. Sorry for the long comment. Your countent is great and I cant wait to see some more stuff from you!!
I am an IP consultant, I develop interest in Data Science during this lockdown, my goal is to become a good data analyst by Jan 2021...do you think it is realistic?
Thanks for this video ! Very very helpful. I have 8 years of experience working in bioinformatics and dealing with big data from genomics and genetics. I have been looking into transitioning to sports analytics as a new career option . I do have basic data science skills from my bioinformatics work experience but I don't have any specific projects I have done independently in the sports domain. Do you think it would be useful for me to pursue a sports analytics degree before I start looking for opportunities in this domain ? Or would the sports industry still consider me as an eligible candidate based on my programming/machine learning experience while handling big data in the biology domain, even if I don't have real-world experience in sports ?  I do follow several sports enthusiastically such as football, soccer and basketball and I am aware of all the terminologies associated with these sports. I'd really appreciate your feedback. Thanks !
What wide monitor do you have ?
Ken, thanks for all of the informative advice. Do you think your Masters in Commerce which lead you into a analyst role provided you any significant foundation for programming/data science? Also, is the switch from data analytics to data science difficult?
I've just started learning Data science and interested in football analytics a lot ! Should i start with big projects immediately or should I go gradually ? Also it'd be really helpful if you could post a tutorial video of your analysis. And if it's not a trouble, do you mind if i contact you via LinkedIn ? Also can you suggest some online communities to engage with ?
Hello Ken, I love your videos, thanks so much for it! Do you use SQL in your projects? In other videos usually the people recommend start by SQL due the amount of data, what do you think?
hi sup? u know which platforms or web that offers FREE certificates ? thx
What's your opinion ?
Thanks for this video. I am an "analyst" trying to decide if I want to become a data scientist but it seems like some of the things I dislike about my role may be the position and not the company. I'm the only analyst with nobody to ask questions, less prof development opportunities, and nobody knows what I do :( The autonomy/expert thing kills me! I'd much rather have a team and people who understand benefit of my work. Have you experienced being in your own little corner or being way ahead of your companies' resources?
Hey Ken, hope you are doing good. Thanks for all the videos. Enjoying it thoroughly. In learning with case studies how do I know which algorithm I should choose?
Also, can you upload a project that starts with data collection, which has a lot of missing values in it, where more time is spent on data cleaning and pre-processing as I heard from many DataScientist that they spend the majority of their time in Data preprocessing?
Im just starting with programing like from the very very beginning, I've already been using the nba.api but i want to know what else can i do with that to learn more. I want to be a statistician in my future. Any Tips? Thanks for your videos they are helping. Ive also purchased Mathletics and its very good!!!
-users personalize input to search for best fit ..question for this woudl be; what categoriy of product you would like to buy? (this could be on or varous catergories), Do you  want the lowest to the highest price or you dont care?, do you want the nearest to the fardest location? ansd so on
and son on....Anybody could help me on gettin started about recomemndation systems? :)
1. Should I go for Data Science if I want to work as a remote employee?
2. Should I go for learning Data Science if I am 35+ years of old having business graduation majoring in MIS (database management system)?
What courses should one take for probability and statistics?
Hey Ken! Thank you for all your videos. I was wondering if this changes any for people pursuing sports analytics. I was also wondering how to start with projects for sports analytics. I am currently 16 years old and am trying to learn coding and statistics during this time through free edx and coursera, but I still don't seem to be able to do any projects, especially ones that are new and intuitive. I want to publish new work, but over summer if I am only good enough to do projects that maybe others have done, is that still worth publishing? Thank you for any advice.
What course did you mentioned in Machine Learning?
Sir, can you make video on how to get into sports analytics ??
Is it only for windows 10 or else we can install on windows  7 also?  I’m having my project please do reply sir
Ken, do you have any sport analysis resources that you can recommend?
thank you for this video! would you recommend coursera courses? im studying IBM's data science courses rn and i wonder if these certificates help me to get data science internship or make a project
If you could you suggest the order in which a person should learn ML algorithms?
Thanks for watching everyone! Please leave some of your data science goals below so you can be held accountable by the community on this channel. Also, feel free to like and subscribe to help this channel grow! Watch this video on why I am starting data science over again next: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXLnbdHMf8w&ab_channel=KenJee !  Video on my #66DaysOfData Challenge: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qV_AlRwhI3I&ab_channel=KenJee. Written version of this article: https://towardsdatascience.com/how-i-would-learn-data-science-if-i-had-to-start-over-f3bf0d27ca87
My Favorite Free Data Science Courses: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ip50cXvpWY4&ab_channel=KenJee
Hey Ken! Would you say that the typical workday of a data scientist is quite isolated? I love the concept of data science and statistics, but I am also a very social person and am worried that becoming a data scientist will cause me to have an unhappy work life (e.g. constantly sitting in front of a computer the entire day, not enough interaction, etc). Please let me know your thoughts, and thank you once again for all of your content!
Hi Ken! I am an italian master's degree student in computer science, and this kind of videos are pure gold! I have a question: since I'm currently attending classes, are there ways to work on projects of this type, let's say "freelance"?
Specific books or tips for cricket analysis?
Hello there, I have a question. I know next to nothing about maths but are you taking in consideration the fact that Shaq has two separate shots or free-throws, while Steph only has one shot?
Let's think about a coin toss example, the probability to land heads twice is equal to 1/2*1/2=1/4, so let's say Shaq has a 50% success rate at shooting freethrows wouldn't it be 0.25*2 his expected buckets?
for absolute beginner (with high school math) what do u recommend?? where i should begin ( statistics or discrete math, etc..) ? and can u recommend a source ?
Awesome video for beginners!!! thanks for your insight! do you have videos on steps of data exploration and preparation as well?
i have a question , i already have my masters in science , been doing data for 5 years but want to learn more , joining a data science bootcamp to movie on . ? and upgrading a job  does this helps ?
Please refer to this playlist about resume and project improvements: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2zq7klxX5ARnFpk83JauioZb5zyxNZek
Great stuff as usual! I hope you will do one I will make in the future :) Do you have any tips on data science forums? I have a great python forum, but its more towards web, dev, ets. But really helpful bunch :)
I have a question about feasibility. say I want to see all these hashtags right? tweets = query_tweets("#yahoo", begindate = begin_date, limit = limit)
Can I also see next to username the number of Followers and following? For each user pulled?
How about a video on how to build a personal portfolio website??
Would it be possible for you to make a video on some examples of technical interview questions? I was looking through your channel and couldn't find such videos. Hope this is not too much to ask for..
Another awesome video. :) Would you make a video going over LinkedIn tips?
Hi, Ken. What do you mostly do at work? Build models, clean data or something else?
Hi Ken do you know if it would be possible to scrape the history of the draft?
How can i export the pandas DataFrame for the scraped tweeter data as CSV to save on my system memory ??
Hi, I would like to know how to get fake and real labeled news using twitterscrapper. First of all is it possible to do something like that?  I am very new to this.
Hey Ken, great video as always. Curious to hear your thoughts on the Spyder IDE as I saw it being used in this video. Any standout reasons you use it over Jupyter/VSCode/etc?
Hey Ken, thanks for the great video. I have been watching all your videos and they are greatly helpful! I have a question though. At 2:04, you mentioned that "if you want to set yourself apart, you should consider doing unique projects on the dataset you personally collected." Are there any efficient ways I can collect new dataset?
So I have done a project where ive scrapped data from a website, performed EDA and built a classifier analysing the performance of various ML model. How exactly do you suggest mentioning this on my resume? Like can you give me an example on how to go about writing it?
Hi, Ken. Thanks for sharing helpful tips! I wish I found your advices in earlier years in college. I’m a new graduate without any intern experience. Can you give me an idea of how I can find research opportunities at this point? Thanks in advance!
have you used deep learning/neural network techniques in your projects?
Thanks your share, i'm a 2nd  software engineering student but i want to become a ds in the future. I'm really not good in math, can you give me some advice, sir?
Hi Ken! Thank you so much for the clear explanation! When I run the code, I encounter the problem of: thread 'Supervisor' crashed: AttributeError("'IMapUnorderedIterator' object has no attribute '_write_to'"). Do you or does someone has an idea how I can fix this? Been stuck for days and the deadline of my thesis is coming up fast... Thanks in advance!
I was also wondering, for the regression, since you use dummies, shouldn't you throw the base level of the categorical variables to solve any multicollinearity issues?
Hey, can we fetch details of a user say, followers and following count through an email on twitter instead of the user name or handle?
How do I scrape based on hashtags, is that possible with this module?
he Ken Jee, thnx 4 the great tutorials! really loving them.. I'm trying to replicate what you did as a way of learning (i'm still in the learning phase of programming), however when i load the page, i get a ' cookie - consent' pop-up! As a result the scraping doesn't continue (however, when i manually press 'accept cookies' it does continue). Do you know a way i can hard code this in python so that when the page opens, it automatically excepts the cookies too?
Hey Ken, weird question but what is the salary like as a Sports Analytics? Im guessing it obviously depends how what rank of Sports field you are in? E.g. NBA, WNBA, NBA G League etc...  Thanks.
Hi Ken, thanks for the series! I'm currently at @23.50. Around halfway through running the iterations I'm receiving an error saying the element is not clickable at point (219, 653). Other elements would receive the click: <div class="gdGrid noPad">. Do you know why?
I am currently learning machine learning and want to step in cricket analytics part. what all should I start working on to get the right path?
How much time do you use on your channel a week?
Please refer to this playlist about resume and project improvements: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2zq7klxX5ARnFpk83JauioZb5zyxNZek
My Favorite Free Resources for Learning Data Science: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ip50cXvpWY4&ab_channel=KenJee
I have completed my degree in Software Engineering, I was actively looking into data science roles. What do you think I should include in my resume? and also I was taking a data science Bootcamp course on Udemy, will that be good enough to apply for data science roles?
what is your monitor model ? lol
Thanks for making this video! Would you think this is a good project that I could do with Python data libraries? Analyzing why ticket sales are very high for a specific horror film compared to the US?
Bruh. 15 min increments?!
Great channel, answered most of my questions that I’ve been having about starting out in DS. Question, should ML be learned before doing projects? I’m average in R, getting better everyday, but feel as if I don’t have enough DS skills to start doing projects without knowing any ML. Thoughts?
What would u recommend to me a 16 year old who is absolutely obsessed with baseball analytics and data and is very good with math
someday that discord link will exist, maybe it might be the best data science discord. who knows?😂😂
Yo what ide is that at 6:44 ?
Are good programming skills required to become a data scientist? Are data scientists software engineers or  rather mathematical model builders?
What breed is your dog? Imma guess and say box terrier.
Thanks Ken for sharing your day, you have a good disciplined routine, and awesome video editing. Liked the YouTube goals, if you don’t mind, how did you forecast the numbers? 😃
Thanks for watching everyone! The best part of my day is usually getting outside or exercising. What is your favorite part of your routine?
Thanks for the video really helpful, what you suggest, if having master degree in computer science and 4 work experience as an ETL Developer(bit part of data engineer)?
Hi Ken. Thank you so much for this series. This series is such a huge boost for people like me who are trying to learn data science on their own. I have a question regarding the data cleaning. In the video, you manually scrolled through the data to find odd values such as 'per hour', 'employer provided salary' etc. in the Salary Estimate column. But how would you find that kind of value when the data frame has hundreds of thousands or millions of rows? Is there any function or way to find those odd data without manually scrolling or searching?
Hi Ken. Super helpful video! One thing that worried me was your second point as I am a 3rd data science major at UCSD and I am not looking to go back to grad school. I also don't have that much under my portfolio or much experience but I am currently working on personal projects on the side and applying to internships. I was wondering if you were in this situation, would there be any additional steps that you would take?
@Ken Jee Thanks..It's a great video.I want to ask is it possible to scrap a hashtag data which tweet by people of particular country?
Great vid! Another tip I would add is get dressed like you are actually going into the office?
One question. in before video "part 4" the file "eda_data.csv" did no exist. in this video you work with that file, where does it come from?. Thanks.
Are you able to manage the lag between actual and predicted values?
Can anyone recommend any good Bootcamp? Thanks in advance!
Thank you so much for this series!! As a freshman getting my bachelors in data science, this series helped me out a lot in terms of what to do when creating a project and how to overcome obstacles. Currently, we are just learning how to code and haven’t gone through the whole process as you showed us in this amazing series. So, I wanted to ask you if there’s anything you suggest for me to do this summer to learn more skills and gain more experience in the data science field ?
I have done Software engineering. Should I get Master degree in Data Science now to become a Data Scientist? or self learning along with various certificates and bootcamp and other online material is enough.
Would you know a possible fix for this? Thanks always for your great content
What's pre requisite to do a exploratory data analysis?
May be statistics and?
Hi Ken: Thank you so much for your video!! I am wondering if you mind helping me with two more problems? First, when scraping a thread using twitter scraper, the result only shows the first tweet of that threat. How can I scrape all the tweets of a thread? Second, how can I use twitter scraper to scrape the comments and retweets of specific tweets? Look forward to your reply!
Please don’t stop making data science videos, Ken. Incredible stuff. More sports analysis/models potentially?
One question: in the train test, it is common in the industry to train at .8 and test at .2? or does it depend on a factor that I don't know about, a brief answer will be greatly appreciated! Thanks!
Ohh, it mean we have to learn flask also..  to become a data scientist?
Thant you for this helpfull tutorial. Can you please show us how to scrap tweets of a specific account(user) ?
Hey Ken I have a question, so I’ve been following your project step-by-step to see if I can do it myself and follow along. Thanks for that, it’s great. Anyways, I can’t help but keep doubting myself and thinking I’m not good enough, like when I get I stick I see what you would do or go to stack and see some answer I could’ve never thought of then I wonder how I’m ever going to make it in this field and be successful and then I get demotivated and stop studying, do you have any tips? Maybe something you went through that’s similar? Thank you.
Hi Ken, good video as always.  I was working on this tutorial and the scrap file worked fine yesterday. I tried scrapping more data today however the "glassdoor_scraper.py" file started to return an error every time I run the "data_collection.py" file. Perhaps glassdoor made changes on their website. I tried cloning your project from Github and it gave the same error. Could you look into this?
Thank you for the great tutorial. But I have problems. When I run the code there are some problems with converting JSON and the code does not skip it , it reties and stack at one tweet? Can you help with it
My question is, if I teach myself data science,is the this econ stat degree going to help me in the job requirements or they just need data science cert?
And is it possible the math  taught in my class ( Calculus1 &2,statistics and linear algebra)  may cover for the maths required for data science or I need to learn more maths?
Hi! What text editor do you use for Git? Vim
I am using Python for the first time, I tried your code but when running the program there is a ValueError: Cannot take a larger sample than population when 'replace = False'. Which should be edited? Thank you
Hello If I do MS in Data science or Data analytics, I will get job in HR analytics or in HR field ?
Great video..... I want to do a project related to financial institution could you please recommend any?
Is it just me that I'm unable to see the salary component on the left-aligned job summary columns. I'm able to see only 1. Company Name, 2. Job Title, 3. Location. Is the Salary estimate not visible on the updated Glassdoor page?
URL = https://www.glassdoor.co.in/Job/san-francisco-data-scientist-jobs-SRCH_IL.0,13_IC1147401_KO14,28.htm?locKeyword=San%20Francisco,%20CA&seniorityType=all&applicationType=0&locT=C&remoteWorkType=0&fromAge=-1&minRating=0.0&minSalary=0&cityId=-1&employerSizes=0&industryId=-1&companyId=-1&sc.keyword=data+scientist&includeNoSalaryJobs=true&jobType=all&radius=100&locId=1147401&sgocId=-1&countryRedirect=true
Hey Ken, I'm a computer science major right now, but my school came out with a 4 + 1 major masters program, where you get a computer science major and data science masters, its just one extra year. Do you think that's more worth it then a boot camp or cert? it's fairly new,  about 30k.
I love data science but I don't really care about sports analytics.  What other areas or niches could be interesting?
Hey Ken thank you for this very helpful video! Using your code I tried to scrap tweets with '#bitcoin' but only got 13k tweets for a timeframe of 1 year (without a limit defined in the code). It seems very few. What could the problem be there?
Awesome video. Is this project resume worthy?
Quick question: Just like we used 'keyword' for searching with job title, what would be the change in code if location too needs a keyword search?
Great examples! I really like the content you are providing 👌🏻 but I’m wondering, how much of the statistics you learned while studying are you applying on a regular basis?
these have been enormously helpful. i've been watching a lot of videos not necessarily acting just yet. btw when the weather gets warmer are you going to be wearing tank tops in your vids?
I'm migrating from a software career to data science. I have a few data science projects in my portfolio. But still at least a 90% of my projects are pure technical software projects. Is it a good idea to list these in my portfolio. Because if not, I'll be presenting a resume with 5 years of software expeirience with no actual portfolio for that part of my life. Does it do any good. Or bad. Can you give your thoughts.?
How can i scrape and save, say 100 tweets yesterday, and resume scraping beyond the point today?
Part 4 on exploratory data analysis is coming out this Friday! If you haven't seen part 1&2 they are neatly packaged in this playlist: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpF9HENQjDo&list=PL2zq7klxX5ASFejJj80ob9ZAnBHdz5O1t. Would love any feedback on this video and series in the comments section below!
Hey Ken, enjoyed some of your videos. Really enjoy data science have a pretty good background as an IE major. Looking to improve my skills. One concern I have. I got on Kaggle for the first time and I was pretty excited to find these useable data sets to work on some of my data vis skills. Saw they were downloadable zip files and that immediately scared me, but I naively thought everyone else uses it and a quick google search brought up no safety concerns. After downloading about 3 data sets. I am pretty convinced i downloaded some malware. Got multiple warning signs from the browsers I use and then a bunch of random sites jumped up and teamviewer popped open. Immediately shut down and disconnected everything. Is this normal? Do you have any tips for safely downloading data sets etc?? Would really appreciate. Thanks
. I do not really understand what does this function do, can you explain it? Thanks
Hi Ken - i really liked this as it avoids the complication of the API. Can you explain what is happening in line df=pd.DataFrame(t.__dict__ for t in tweets) ? I know you are converting from the tweet objects to a DataFrame but I don't understand the syntax. Thanks . Seamus
Can we use web scrapping tool like (parsehub) for data collection?
which kind of project do I need to include in my Github Portfolio ?
thank you for the video! one question though: say this came up during an interview and I was tasked with making a scraper. Would it be OK to say to use someone else's code and provide credit for it? look forward to seeing this entire series as I'm currently in my own project-building phase for my data scientist career transition.
I 've been learning a lot thru courses and I've learned cleaning data, python, numpy, pandas, matplotlib, and a few others but the math and algorithms are difficult. ( I haven't done math in school since 2011). I     for sure feel like I'm in the seconds phase of learning. Should  I stop learning the python programming part and just focus more on the math part?
This video helped a bunch! I’m a high school senior who is torn between my major for next year. I’m deciding between music and sports business/marketing. I’m pretty well versed with how the sports world works due to just falling in love with sports in general. Is there any chance I could get your email? I would love to be able to chat about this field!
Hi, Ken! Is it possible to use ipad when doing data science? Thank you!
how long did it take u to make ur own website
Do you prefer to learn data science in R or python? Very informative video, can’t wait for part 3!
Great video, thanks again. I'm curious, you found pre-existing code and made edits to it as you went along. How often is this the case for you on the job or for any other data scientist? How prepared should one be to make their own data scraper? Is that something that we will bump into a lot in the future?
I wonder why u had to use a CSV file of 1.4G size. Really?
discord? only respond with a date! hahaha
Can you please make a video about Application for a Job as a Data Scientist (CV and how to structure my Github in case the company wanna have a look on it). It would be so helpful because Im quit good in Python  but still didn't found a job.
Very good content! I'm taking a Data Science bachelor in a University in Portugal. Do you think it has a bright future? We learn Python, R, SQL, AI, Statistics, Machine Learning techniques and in our Senior year we have to do an research project and develop a project for a companie. (You have the link here if you to check it out) https://www.iscte-iul.pt/course/291/bachelor-bsc-in-data-science
Good content. Can you do a video on ARIMA in Python and going through in details the ADF test, forecasting, train/test?
Hey Everyone - It looks like the free 365 data science courses offer has expired. The rest of the resource that I mentioned in this video are free though: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ip50cXvpWY4
If I were to want to get a job in this field would it be enough to learn these free courses and the information and to relay what I have learned to the hiring manager? Or would I need to get some sort of certification? Thanks.
Hi Ken! Thanks for the video. I come from a humanties background and as of now don't exactly know what kind of position I want after a MSc in Data Science and Business Analytics, but I think the skills can be applied to a wide range of sectors and industries and I can explore more during grad school. In a nutshell, I do want to gain these skills and open more doors in the future, do you think this is a less mature/thought-through motivation to pursue such a degree?
Could you do a beginner project from start to finish video ? Maybe include a part two to it where you show how to display the data using Tableau ?
In your opinion, would this suffice as a good project? If not, do you have any insight on how I could improve?
Can you please suggest some tutorials for learning deployment of Machine learning models
Hey is jupyter notebook too slow to run, Everytime I login again after a break I have to rerun all the cells and still notice some of the cells are unexecuted ,it's like running a same codes for many a times before you move ahead it's so frustrating ,is their a way to handle all this ?
@Ken Jee  hello ken, i am pursuing masters degree in data science and planned to graduate in August. I am now worried about job market due the present situation. How bad it would be impacted in terms of data science job market and economy?  Is there any crisis we are facing? Please make a video if possible!!
Thank you, Ken! 🤗 I’m taking up algorithms from scratch right now, just the basics, and you often mention, that data science is about using the best way to solve the task. This kinda scares me. Are there, in reality, effective and reliable ways to make sure, that the algorithm and solution for a task were chosen correctly. Should I be less scared by this? I’ve just started learning, and for me this seems, that experimenting can be endless. Would be cool, if you break or confirm this fear 🥴thank you again, I love your videos! 🥰
Hey Ken, Great video! Right now I’m in the beginning phase. I am enrolled in Johns Hopkins course for data science due to employment benefits and it’s free. Since Hopkins is biostatistics and clinical research based, the course is taught in R. I am learning because I want a job in data science, but not exclusively in biostatistics. I also prefer Python over R. My question is: should I enroll in another course that is Python based and focus on that for a more generalized approach or should I just stick with the Hopkins course? Thank you!
Could you possibly do some simple beginner projects from start to finish using the Spyder IDE ?
it's not giving me only a couple of tweets even thou I'm sure the tags I used having more than thousand of tweets, any help?
Also, is Arabic is considered in this model?
Hey Ken, what tools should I have on my laptop to use for python data science projects? Do you use an IDE?
Sir Ken, what IDE are you using? Seems better than Jupyter.
Hi Ken, loved this video! Could you do a Clustering one? Stay safe!
still no discord?😂 it’s okay i’ll keep waiting haha
Great video. When you say you expect the work culture to shift towards employees working from home, do you mean in the short-term i.e. while the pandemic is still going on, or do you see this just being the "new" working environment? Interesting insight.
Can you suggest a good youtube channel or website for learning a good amount of python for data science.
Hi Ken, this video help me a lot, but there's an error that I get said "Traceback (most recent call last) : " and there's a lot of error message down below anyway to fix it?
You doing an Awesome job my making all this quality informative videos. I wanted to discuss something with you, so is there any way i can shoot you an email? I will really appreciate that!
can anyone tell the chrome extention?
I absolutely love this!! Finally something specific to learn from. Do more do more. Have you ever tried the intel Movidius neural compete stick btw? And another question. Are you skilled with NoSQL? I just had a term paper using Cassandra, MongoDB and Neo4j. I got an 89% on it. I could almost cry. I put everything into that. Used 3x the time estimation. I might actually complain about the grade. But I have the same professor In 3 courses next year, it might not be smart. Anyway! Keep doing ones like this. They will get me trough the courses :)
One question regarding Google Colab though. Do you use the TPU setup or the GPU setup? I've been told that TPU performance is a lot better than GPU's and I was curious what you actually use?
Also, I recently got into Work From Home setup and it seems to me that you have a very minimalist-style setup where you can focus on your work efficiently. Would you be willing to share your setup if you don't mind in your future video?
Hi  I am new to Python and am trying to set up the data and code in the program. How do i get the data over and start to work on the team stats?
Thank you for this project!  How hard do you think it’ll be getting a job now? With all the corona stuff happening? Do you think it’s the same probability of getting a job but I just have to work harder and be better? Like same probability, higher standards
What about getting a bachelors in data science? Should I do anything after it or go for jobs right away?
Hello Ken Jee, would you be able to help? I get this error while running the code below. The error comes out as part of the output. But the number of tweets seems less even without me setting a limit.
"ERROR: Failed to parse JSON "Expecting value: line 1 column 1 (char 0)" while requesting "https://twitter.com/i/search/timeline?f=tweets&vertical=default&include_available_features=1&include_entities=1&reset_error_state=false&src=typd&max_position=TWEET-1237528655246413824-1237528662397730817&q=coronavirus%20since%3A2020-03-04%20until%3A2020-03-11&l=en"
is it possible to restrict the tweets to location?
How do I fix this so I can see the output of my code ? This is mainly annoying because I can't even see the first few rows of the dataframe when you called  .head() because this is the output I keep getting, help :(
In really interested in sports analytics or data science as a field. I am only in high school, so what majors would be good to pursue this kind of job? Would you suggest something like statistics or computer science?
Another great video! Out of curiosity, how did you make the time to read one book per week?
Hey Jee prop to you. I love using google colab! Though sometimes it gets me scratching my head because they are things you have to do google way. Like imshow that I have to spend all day to figure it out. My only concern using colab is that privacy with google. Some of my data that I would like to use for practice are work related. So I am not sure if it’s private enough. What’s your take?
Hi Ken, fantastic video, thanks. Instead of saving it as a Panda's df can the tweets be saved as a CSV file?
Do you stay within that domain at work?
If you do, do you suggest that we each choose a specific domain as well, and cater towards that when building a career and finding a job?
If you don't, would you agree that it's still valuable to choose a specific domain? Do you think that your experience and expertise in sports / sports betting transfers over to your current job/position?
In your opinion is a statistics' degree useful to become a data scientist or is completely useless?
What about adding a 2.5-point line a little bit closer to the basket than the current 3-point line (2 feet closer?), that would give a boost to the no-man's land and the now reluctantly taken and often frowned-upon mid-range jumper. And then moving the 3-point line a bit further away. I think this could eventually make the game more interesting. It only takes a bid getting used to 0.5 points; and if you are fouled while attempting a 2.5 point shot, the first time team gets 2 free-throws, next time this happens 3 free throws are rewarded. It might be worth a try. Haven't read that elsewhere as of yet.
How did I miss this upload? Keep up the good work.
Hi there, Mr. Ken! Great content! Anyway, I don’t have any computer science, IT, or math background but want to be a data scientist. I will be 25 years old two months from now. Is there any hope for me? How long will it take for me to learn data science? Thank you so much, your reply will be appreciated.
How a out datacamp? I subscribed a 12month but have not started yet.
365 data science have udemy courses and their website plans. l just bought their  udemy courses on sale. do you know what rhe fundamental difference is?
I have enrolled courses on "Coursera". Is it okay to go through them because most of courses on Coursera are basic ?
What do you think about Udemy's Data Sciense courses, Ken?
I'm getting this error. What should I do?
What are the wireless headphones your using?
Can you please suggest me how an Economics graduate become a data analyst or data scientist
I want to ask unrelated question, do you still programming/coding when working as a data scientist?   Or just focusing more on statistic?
I like your content a lot .. my comment is can you make your speech less scripted? Or it is just ur style of doing it idk .. anyway good job
Just got my master's degree in business analytics and your videos inspired me a lot! I hope I can watch your video before I applied for this program. My program was a two-year program covered R, tableau, JMP, Excel, supply chain and SQL. But I have not landed a job yet. To finish my program as soon as I can, I took summer sessions and didn't find an intern. After graduation, Some people say students with CS background is stronger and suggest me to start to learn python or java. Some say SAS certificates would help me get a job easily. What's your opinion about my situation?  Thank you Ken.
Hey Ken! I love the video. Just wondering how I can filter by user? when I add user = user into the query, it returns - "query_tweets() got an unexpected keyword argument 'user'"
EDIT - I did scroll down here and find the correct code for filtering by username. Is it not possible to add in the date, keywords filters along with a username? For instance, all coronavirus news from nytimes over the last 3 days. Thank you so much again!
Are there basic skills, interests or talents you possessed that kind of lead you to say, yeah, I want to make a leap into programming, analytics, data science?  I ask because there are so many people out there including myself that are interested in sports analytics and fascinated by it, but I'm not certain I could actually contribute to the field or am a good fit for it if that makes sense.  I'm currently Junior and Advertising major in college and would appreciate any advice you could pass along! Thank you!
Hi, congrats for this video. Do you know some books about soccer analytics? Thanks
Great video men! You are putting out the real managerial level stuff, just a question. Is there any literature you know where we can validate the pyramid you showed?
Can someone tell me the background music plz?
Since you can integrate data science in business, can you make data science a business? Like an AI company? Or is that not data science?
Do I need to practice leetcode for data science interviews? Or is it ok to know only statistics, mathematics, Python's data science libraries and Kaggle contests, but no interview coding questions(the ones related to datastrucrures and algorithms)?
1. How do you rate the Ms in CS with Machine learning electives as compared to the Ms in Data Science program at Depaul university?
2. And what course do you suggest if I plan on being a data scientist 3 years down the line?
Hi Ken, thanks for the tutorial! It really worked. However, after I tried to get a large amount of data (I think the limit I entered was 9999), the console says that it encountered an error involving json file. May I know how could I avoid this error? Thanks!
I have questions: Should I get a MS before getting a job or while I’m working? I’m a recent math major graduate, was planning to go to med school but then I wanted to do something in my field (math) and I learned about data science and I instantly knew, I’m doing DataQuest data science path, Do i even need a MS? Can you do a review of DataQuest?
How much should I study a day? I’ve been studying 6-8 hours a day, after I finish my full time dead end job, just so I can get into a company I want and start being a data scientist. Rn I’m a beginner, just started in Feb, learned python, OOP, NumPy and Pandas and now I’m doing data aggregation and cleaning. Anyways, where can I practice? I feel like Kaggle is advanced for me and I feel like cheating if I don’t know how to do something and I look it up.
How high level of coding do you use?
How to change spyder to dark theme?
Ken - Any data by individual batter? How do we know if the stolen sign was correct? Since a batter only has a second or so to react to a pitch thrown, what if some batters might do better if they didn't believe they knew the sign and, therefore, might overthink the at bat? So far, you won't be able to answer these questions. However, can you split the sample by runners on base vs no runners on base? (btw, I still need to respond to the info you sent regarding 2 point conversion. Thx for that!)
Hi Ken, loving the channel! I’m likely going to try and push into data science once my PhD is complete and I was wondering how big should a project be to make it worthy of going on a resume? I imagine something written in a few hours wouldn’t be worthy but where exactly this line falls I’m not so sure?
What next steps do you suggest for me? Is there any way to get my project reviewed for any feedback?
what maths are needed for sports analytics & moneyball?
Thanks! I've learned a lot from your channel~😛 Could you post something about the case study in DS interview(some non-technical part)? I feel like it's also important for data scientists 🤔
Thanks for this video Ken. I have a sports analytics problem for you. When the 3 point shot was first introduced in the NBA, I said start launching them. Traditionalists said, oh no, too risky, too many will ruin the game. 20+ years later 3 point shots are an integral part of any teams' strategy. OK, my question is regarding the 2 point conversion in football. My belief is that the 2 point conversion should be tried every time. Once a team gets used to it they will develop special teams just for the conversion. Plus, once fully developed, these plays could be used for any regular down inside the 5 yard line. The amount of dedicated plays could be unlimited - 2 QB's on the field, 5 running backs, non-traditional formations, etc. Not to mention how exciting the game would become. Do you have any supporting evidence that, over time, going for the 2 point conversion 100% of the time would pay off? I guess part of your problem is that you cannot measure what hasn't been tried.
Any ideas on How I could begin choosing a topic for my Honours(Postgraduate)  research (thesis) this year. It is in "Data Science for business decision support".
How to implement Data Science into a working business?
What could one do to implement data collection and data analysis in a company like this to analyze data and drive insights to make a business more efficient? What are some real-life examples, software names, etc? What is your related real-life experience?
Hi Ken, I want to pursue career in Data Science and I'm struggling with it. Though I'm in final year of undergraduate degree in computer science  but I haven't worked on real projects. I really have this passion and feel that I can do work but Argh ! I find myself stuck every single time.  Despite the fact that people appreciate me for 'Learning new things without hesitation' but I do not progress. I have been using online free resources about data analysis, machine learning for about two months but I couldn't progress from regression and classification. When I learn I deeply grasp a concept... and I've discussed this thing with my professor many times but I didn't get satisfactory answer. Am I missing something , doing wrong ? Or is it just I worry too much ?
Hi! What internship salary someone like you could ask for? I don't want to be fooled by an employer and I don't want to ask too much
Hi Ken, very informative video. Would a general MS in Analytics be equivalent to a MS in Data Science? Or would employers prefer someone with a MS in Predictive Analytics versus someone with a MS in Analytics?
SSLError: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='free-proxy-list.net', port=443): Max retries exceeded with url: / (Caused by SSLError(SSLError("bad handshake: SysCallError(10054, 'WSAECONNRESET')"))   what is the solution for that eeror, help?!!
Are these applied to data science internships as well?
How do you develop your skills in calculus? I never took calculus in high school, and I'm barely in my first year of college.
Any thoughts??? Thanks in advance
What is struggle with is making this data gephi friendly... other than that, great video. I just need another step
i'm starting to get timeout errors like the one below: "ReadTimeout: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='stats.nba.com', port=443): Read timed out. (read timeout=30)"  when trying the playergamelog endpoint. Have you encountered something like that before?
can u help me, how to convert the result to .csv ?
Hi Ken don't you think Data Scientists are limited to the quality extent of the Dataset they have access to?
What path do you recommend for me to become a data scientist (since step1)
can we search the tweets query for more than 1 sentence? like in the video you just use 'notre dame fire',
how if I want to search 'notre dame fire' and '#notre' is that possible?
Hi Ken, do you recommend that data scientists should learn how to webscrape (like using Beautifulsoup)? I know pandas has a read_html function that lets you extract lists from websites so I was contemplating on learning beautifulsoup.
how can i fix it ?
Are sports analytics projects ok as personal projects when applying to a different industry? I really like it but I'm not sure if it will be looked down upon. Love your vids
Hey ken, thank you so much for the video! Would you be able to do another video on incorporating other parameters to pull all player for the last 5 games with per game averages instead of the totals?
Ken, I'm struggling (beginner) with the first lines of code. How do I make the lines appear in the Console 1/A and execute them?
Hi Ken, I tried following your tutorial, but when I try to run everything, I get a long error message in the console.  Being a novice,  the answers on boards liek GitHub and Stackoverflow are more confusiing than anything else. Do you happen to know what the nature of this error is? Thank you for your help.
Thank you so much for mapping out your path. I am curious to know what your thoughts are regarding health informatics and how feasible it would be for an informatics specialist to transition into data science?
Why you r not popular? Underrated
Thank you so much for putting this content out.  It's an invaluable resource for someone like myself who is in the process of applying to grad school.  I was wondering if you think the pros and cons of a masters degree outlined in the video would apply to a masters in statistics as well?  I'm currently working in a completely unrelated field and I'm applying to mostly stats programs but a few data science as well.  Any insight would be greatly appreciated.
Can you please describe broadly about advanced feature engineering?
Ken, thank you for such an informative video! When you mentioned live coding interview tests, does that only include leetcode questions or could we also expect kaggle-like questions?
Which book to use if I want to study soccer?
I want to work on this topic. can you help me?
Hey Ken, great video! I was wondering if you ever had any onsite modeling interviews. I have one coming up in 2 weeks and the time limit is 2 hrs. Would it be similar to a takehome assignment?  Thanks in advance!
Hi Ken, thanks for another insightful video! I have my BA in applied mathematics, and have been studying programming and machine learning in python for 6+ months now. I prefer self studying over schooling because I feel  like I learn best that way. One problem I'm currently facing is that a lot of entry level and internship level Data Science/Analyst job postings require either a PHD or a Masters degree. Should I keep putting my focus on my coding projects for my online profile for employers to see?
How I can know if I am ready for applying to internships or not? I have done few online courses on data science and worked on some projects during the course but still I have low confidence which always stops me from applying to internships.
18:48 - why would you apply tolower again? (Wasn't it already done for the whole data frame?)
Great video Ken and I really enjoy your channel ! At around 4:57 mark you said you probably wouldn't  recommend betting on sports in the first place. Would you mind elaborating on that and  explain why you wouldn't? Keep making these good, informative videos! Thanks!
Can you talk about how you got your experience into data science and what you think about people coming from a Data Analyst role
Hey Ken these videos are really great. It's nice that I'm able to follow almost everything you're doing already. One question is, I know these videos are Fundamentals of Data Science, but how much farther does your day to day Data Science job go from here?
Did they teach you how to use python in school or did you learn by yourself? Just wondering because I was curious about this job since I am staring to think about what I want to do, but I am currently doing computer science and it doesn’t seem to be for me because it is kinda hard and its only lasting for 3 semesters . But anyways good vid I started to learn what the job is about 👍
What's the "fla..scraper" thing you mentioned to automate the scraping? Loved the video <3
Could you tell me about the jobs. What your employment looks like? Are you a freelancer/self employed, or work for a company remotely?
Man, you blew through your workout that fast? What a beast!😉
cool i'm getting to know your channel now, i'm having difficulty i use google sheets to do my basketball projections but when i play game results into the spreadsheet it is only upright do you know how to change that ???
Thanks for the video, but why do yo have such a small screenshot of the code?  I’m watching this on an iPad and my eyesight sucks.  Also, what is the point of having your image in the lower right-hand corner.  Does you image make it easier to comprehend what concepts and ideas your expressing?  All that negative space is distracting from your content, which is interesting e
can you tell me what exactly you did in data science projects and which tyoes of project you pickup and any company required data-scientist then please tell me i am also data scientist
Can we include Geocodes in this? Kindly help, I'm stuck for days😅
Can we use geocodes in this as well, I order to know the location of tweets? Kindly reply, it's very important for my project currently 😅
Hello I am Brazilian and a student of Statistics, I would like to know which professional gamblers you follow? What if anyone has a youtube channel? What are the referral bettors in your country? Are there any football specialists?
Your honesty about affiliate links is highly appreciated. Can I ask why are you focus so much on your videos? What is the long term goal here?
Hey Ken, sorry to bring up an old video. Could you explain or at least direct me to information about cleaning the scraped twitter data?
5:35 - how would you do that? would you mind including the syntax to change several columns in one go?
Thanks for your video! Is the interview process for the internship roles the same as the full-time ones? For DS, what questions are recommended in leetcode? What about the coding languages? Is it better to use python rather than java or both are ok?
How do you establish online presence to be in this field? where do you usually get remote jobs in DS?
Would you recommend someone getting a data analyst internship before a data science internship? Or just go straight for a data science internship?
can I have help with the above error? thank you
why not use jupyter lab? this looks painful!
If I collect my own data, how can I reference it in the GitHub? Is it a good practice to add the CSV/txt file in the repository?
Ken, great video. Can you post that spreadsheet to github?
Hello Ken, thank you for everything you are making on YouTube. It has been extremely helpful.  I was wondering, could you go more in-depth into what data scientists for NBA teams are currently working on? I have trouble knowing what projects could create value because clubs seem to protect all of their in-house work.
I am tossing between Statistics or Applied and  Computational Mathematics as my major but I can't seem to figure out which one I should do. I like data analysis and using R but I also like mathematical modelling with differential equations and such. Most of the uncertainty for me comes from not knowing the type of work I would be doing in the real world. Do you have any advice?
Hi  Ken, I'm very interested in Data Science, but I  want to make sure I have my mathematics and statistics down. Care to do a video on types of math and stat classes that I might want to take?
Any recommendations for becoming a self taught DS? Taking the DataQuest DS/Python course right now. It's been more hands on than other ones like Coursera which helps me learn better.
I'm thinking you ought to subtract and return a margin of victory then compare the margin of victory. Maybe worth running simulations to see how different they are?
I have a question - is there a way to get all the comments from tweets from a specific user for a given period, i.e. 2 years? Have been looking for a way to do that, but I'm yet to be experienced :/
Hey! Thanks for the video. I can see from the github page, that I should somehow be able to check which users are verified users with the twitterscraper. But I have just no idea on how I would implement that into your script. Is that something you have tried and know how to do?
Can I make a query like this with this method?
Hi. I’m a nurse and planning to shift into data science. Will it be difficult coming from a non-technical background? How much is the starting salary for this profession?
Thank you! Could you be my mentor in Data Analysis field? I would like to communicate with you via stophyuni@gmail.com if you don,t mind. I hope you to send me an email if possible.
Hi Ken, I am from india and I've just begun my journey to become a dats scientist. I'm not even really sure is data is the thing i love? I'm exploring my options and would do masters accordingly. Is it possible i can get in touch with you if I stumble upon something because you do look like you know what you're talking about. And also i subscribed 🔥
Thank you for your clip! Could you also make a sample demo for regression or classification using the data of MLB(baseball) or FIFA(soccer)?
1. Do I need to follow the instructions in this video clip step by step?
2. Which is better to update portfolio between Github and Kaggle?
3. Which site could be a proper sameple to collect data at the beginning step?
Hello ken,  What kind of algorithms one should know for the data science coding interview?
Thank you for sharing! Is it possible to crawl both tweet posts and their replies using Twitterscraper for few years backdated data?
Hey Ken ,can you be elaborate about how and where from you choose the projects? And also how do go about them? Do you learn on the go?
Is it possible to use hours and minutes in addition to the date to get the tweets from a specific period of time? I have been trying to play with it and I am not sure if there is a particular dt.function that needs to be used.
Would you have a method similar to this for scraping facebook data?
I have a masters in exercise science, but I want to get into data science/machine learning. I am looking at the University of Denver's masters program in data science and they do have courses in machine learning but from what I read in some of their course descriptions they use Java instead of Python or R.  I seem to read that Python and or R are the two main programming languages used in data science. Being that I have no experience in the computer science field should I go for this type of program or should I go for a masters in computer science at my local university which also has courses on advanced algorithms and machine learning?
Thank you! Awesome tutorial and an amazing find. Btw could you perhaps also do a video on how to get a library of users from twitterscrapper? I tried using the author's example "get_twitter_user_data_parallel.py" but to no avail, kept running into problems :/ Don't know if it is just me though.
it  hangs on ... (this might mean sth in python. New python user here, so I *think* it is asking for more code???)
Or does using a hastag mess things up?
Ken, thanks a lot for your sharing. may I ask how much crypto-currency you have earned using the model?  : )
Hey Ken! That was great! what exactly do you do? I want to work remote too!
Hi ken, thanks for sharing. When I try to scrap Tweets, I found I only can scrap tweets up to 1 week ago. I tried to set the sartdate as 2015.01.01 and enddate is today, but I can only got Tweets from 2019.10.14 to today. How can I get the old data? Because it seems we can get much more older data using Twitterscraper. Thank you. Looking forward to your reply!
Any ideas on how to export the data into csv file anyone?
When I try to save the data as anything other than spyderdata, I get the message "Unable to save current workspace.  Error message:  2019-10-13 (type) to array. 2019-10-13 is my begin date.
what version of Anaconda and Python did you use?
Is it possible to scrap tweets from one username for a specific time interval?
but query_tweets does not seem to take a username parameter. Can you please provide some assistance? Thank you for your time.
i have mediocre level knowledge on a couple of programming languages. How would i start working on any of the projects that you mentioned in the video?
Is it possible to get entry level data analytics job without a degree??  I am a 32 year old college student  driving for uber  in LA. I hate my life right now lol
Hey Ken, Good content as always. Can you maybe speak in a mic? I often find myself having to bump my volume up.
with regard to the final sentence, when i input it i am getting NameError: name 'tweets' is not defined. how do i define the word tweets? or what code should i use? I am trying to get the nice table where it shows the tweets.
Hey Ken, thank you very much for your helpful video. Maybe you can help me regarding my question: How do I get all tweets from a specific user? Simply implementing the argument 'user' (...lang = lang, user = 'realDonaldTrump') leads to an unexpected keyword argument error. What am I doing wrong here?
Love the analysis, thought it was super interesting! Thought of another question as I am working toward switch fields to data science. What types of things would you want to see on a resume/CV with no formal data science background besides data science projects, and github?
Wow, is this a coincidence? I just talked with one of my group members about 4 pointers in Big3 league and other stuff relating to sports data analysis this afternoon. Just as I arrived at home a couple mins ago, I turned on my computer and saw this fresh new video which talks about NBA 3-point line. So I immediately commented before watching.
hi this year I'm going to finish school and I have to chose a career so which career would u think which is better ? (IT, statist or business)
How much flexible are the working hours? Is it that you have work daily for 6-7 hrs or weekly goals are there?
Can we pursue other career and do the work of data scientist simultaneously ( as a part time ) ?
Do you have any guidelines for deciding when it is OK to scrape and when it isn't?
this long-sleeve t-shirt link?? lmao
Can you tell me something about how the scope will be like if I enter into the field of data as I am bit ambiguous in which area do I need to do research or project?
Hi Ken, thanks for the video. Is there a way to segment the age and the country ?
Could you make a video tutorial on Feature engineering?. Not the basic fiillna(), one hot encoding etc. I mean some advanced feature engineering techniques(like X=x/y etc). It will be much helpful for people like me. Thanks and have a good day
Hey man, congratulations on the milestone!  I'm so proud of you. Can you make a data science 101 course ? that would be really helpful :)
What is the relation of deep learning and data science?
And how data science is helping AI in day to day life ?
I've opted for Data Science as my majors in my university, but I've a keen interest in Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning. Can you explain how data science can help me work in AI and ML?
What are your thoughts about this? going the personal project route or masters route? I wish I can do both but that is a recipe for a burnout. I enjoy the technicality of DS and want to get into the industry asap.
appreciate the detailed step by step tutorial! one concern though, for the cylinder column, would it make sense to fill na with the mean cylinder values?
At 9:12 you mention a cheat sheet. Do you recommend any in particular? I've tried looking but quality tends to vary a lot.
I have a question regarding working for a non-profit or a small company though. Do you literally knock on their door and ask if you could apply your skills to their project? I was thinking of doing this as an option if I don't get an internship before I graduate.
Do you sleep?  Keep churning out this quality content ken!
Where is the Avenger's video? I totally forgot how to get the comparative graphs for before and after in lines graphs. Please help.
I want to pull protected tweets from a friend, which means I need to login.  Will something like that work with twitterscrapper, or should I just go ahead and beg Twitter for an api key?
hey ken.. i just subscribed ..plzz a heart for me as well?
Hey Ken, what kind of math requirements are needed for data scientist?
Can you make a vid of your resume so that we can learn from that
This is amazing, thank you for the knowledge! When you're loading into the variable explorer, what are you pressing? Also how are you running the script? I got it to work a few times but it seems to stop working randomly. Thanks again for your help!
I have a problem with reaching the limit - do you know why can it be an issue? I set limit as 1000 and I got only 180 tweets.... (setting bigger limit gives similar results).
how can i get location ?
One more question, if I would like to write the tweets (from this method, with a track word) to a json file how do I access the tweet info?
I get something like this, which I understand but I'm not sure how to retrieve the actual information from it. Looking at API documentation, the tweet object should have attributes like 'text' and 'id' and so on. But when I try tweets['text'] I get an error instead. DO you know how I could write it into a file? (also by not using pandas as there is an issue with that library on my end currently which I haven't been able to fix unfortunately)
thanks for this great video. I am currently looking into scraping data from different accounts (e.g. @Danone). How can I scrape all tweets from a specific account?
hi! how would we sample real time tweets? Instead of searching through a track word, can we create a sample if all publicly available tweets at the time by say by language?
I have a request for you.  Could you do a project where you predict the winner of 2018 FIFA world cup? I would like to see how you gather data and which approch you take to work on the project!
Which type of Msc degree program that accepts student with different background? Could you illustrate this point naming the program and the college?
I have a wired question; will learning code, for example python become literally common sense eventually? I’ve seen a lot of data scientists carry laptops with perhaps commands of code to help guide them to applying the code to whatever it is they’re coding say on their PC. Is that something that is viable for a data scientist working with code?
Hey man, been watching your videos and thinking about switching from Mechanical Engineering to Data Science. I have a decent amount of experience in python and popular libraries inside of it. At what point would you consider someone hirable?
Say today's date is j and yesterdays date is j-1; are you using data through j-1 to predict minutes played on date j and for the RMSE calculation? If not, you will be understating the error. Just wondering because it wasn't clear from just glancing at the code you have in your video.
Awesome content! Thank you so much for taking the time out to post this. My goal is to finish out my undergrad in computer science & get my masters to become a PA then combine the two professions working as a clinician in addition to working in data science in healthcare. I know that this route is completely unorthodox, but I’m okay with being untraditional lol.  Does this sound like a feasible plan?
would of you have done a Data Science school/bootcamp? I'm applying to Lambda School's Data Science course, which is 7 months long. Much more time than some 2-10 week bootcamp... there's just too much to learn within such a small time frame.
Could you tell me, how should I take in the 'user' filter into your code?
Would you say a masters in business analytics is worth it?
How can i extract data from particular page eg. realDonaldTrump of last 2 months .... with out filtering ?
For an internship how much do they expect you to know????????
Hey man! Loving the videos. Can you increase the audio volume in the future?
Github code? It was promised 4 months ago
Any updates on this? Is it still better than 50/50 in the bear market?
What do you think about NARX? Any experience with it?
May I know how the input data with Open,High,Low,Close,Volume can be hourly? I think thats should be daily data?
What's your prediction Ken for 2018 or at least the next 3 months. Triple bottom?
Nice. I have some nice models for this doing very well. How did you make out?
Great video! Can you please post the github link? Thank you
