Who is here after sancho joining bvb again? Hes back 🔥
He could have done that at Man Utd, but his mentality destroyed him, or smt else, who knows!
What happened 😢
Who is to blame? Manchester United have never seen this level from him. Real shame ..
This man was been a beast, WTF United did him?
Who is here? After Discussion between ETH and him
Where is he 😂
Where has this Sancho gone...😢
Was he faster back then😂
Where is this Sancho when you need him at man United this guy was legit
Where this Sancho?
But what happened to him at United?
BRO What happen to Sancho!! 😭GOD PLEASE I NEED THIS SANCHO BACK AT MANUTD
Who’s here now that he is flopping hard at united 😂😂😂
What has happened to him
what a music?
what song is this iys amazing
Don’t know why he went utd, they not really good at producing young talent. Should’ve stayed at dortmund and develop a little bit more like Jude is doing
What is the song
what have you done  ole?
What’s name of the rap song? The first one
what music?
where was this jaden sancho tonight then huh???
tell me this song name
first name song please..if someone know
whits song is this ?
Can someone tell me what football boots is hearing at 00:18
Why did he only play 5 minutes in whole of Euro 21? England might have won
Music ??
the 2 song they used?
What is the first song name in begining of the video please?
Why is here after Sancho missed a penalty in the final of EURO?
Any help with the background music?
What's with the dumb music, spoils the entire content. Sigh!
Name of the first song please
The background music does anyone have clue ?
Is he really effective at rw?
What is the name of the song? 0:20
first song name?
Could anyone give me link of the song in this video ? Thank you guys ^^  Welcome to Man Utd, Sanchoooo
Sorri for my not bundesliga question, but what is the first music's name?😅
what's  the first song called?
What's the song?
Next skills and goals will be Haaland???
Is he any good or overrated?
Who's Jadon Sancho?
Why music bundesliga?
So i this was uploaded becouse he was leaving?
The thing is can he actually do this in the premier League
I want him to make Guoardialo realize what they had let go at ease??
What's the track playing?
song at the start name pls?
Which song
I don’t understand how he can be this good but not make the England starting line up / be used as a sub
Do anyone else feel that he join manu because England national team broke him.
so next is haaland ?
Name of second song??
What’s the name of the song
First song name???
how much Dortmund pay City for him?anyone can tell me
What is the title song in the background ?
Wonder if Haaland will still have the same amount of goals with Sancho gone
Why did you leave BVB Sancho? You could’ve stayed here and become a one club man. But no, you had to take the big route.
brighton have six defenders sitting at the back, where is going to dribble the ball to?
what is this song??
