Perhaps you can look at the Stockwood fill in ND? An embankment for the Northern Pacific Railroad where the ground gave away due to the massive weight of the earthen fill.
They can't retain themselves, how could they retain something else
That's the craziest thing i've heard... they allow retaining walls to be made without an engineering sign off?
Why don't we see more curved retaining walls? Like the retaining wall equivalent of an arch dam? I have some books on dry-stone walls that strongly recommend arching the walls into the earth. Granted the wall is curved in the plan view, which limits the applications, but I don't think I've ever seen one bigger than a garden wall.
Your stock footage at 10:18, where do you got this? It's in fact my old home town "Flensburg" in the most northern part of Germany. A fun fact: the area shown is all build up land, 200 years ago it was all water. The railing visible in the bottom right surrounds a water wheel of a now "under earth" small river.
Always wondered why Fred meyers had to put giant steel tube pilings after they couldn't buy a hotel that was bordering their property. The hotel is about 30 feet higher in elevation than the store and only about 80' away from the side of the pharmacy at Fred Meyers. So for them to have enough room for a drive thru and parking they built a massive steel wall right on the property line. They couldn't drill horizontally under the hotel so the only option was vertical pilings which probably cost much more than just buying the old hotel.
What’s the brand of that shirt you’ve got on, do you mind sharing a link to it? Thanks...
Why did the wall in the beginning of the video fail and what was the solution?
What happens to all the reinforcement systems when the underground steel rusts away?
Hi Grady, I would like ask, if is possible, a series of videos showing and explaining ancient techniques and their evolution till todays techniques. Like soil engineering  techniques used by Inca people in Machu Picchu-Peru, or Dome construction techniques as in Hagia Sophia-Turkey, or earthquake resilient building ancient techniques in different cultures like Japanese, Incas, Aztec, Tibet, Mediterranean, Central Asia...  Your channel is very nice and your ability to communicate such topics it's amazing. I am your follower more than 3 years and every single video is a delightful knowledge comprehension experience. Thank you.
How does mining shoring work mechanically? I've seen several videos but can't really understand it, but you explain things in ways that I get so could you maybe do a video on that?
so why did that wall collapse?
New Jersey and public contracts?  Could there be fraud, waste, and corruption involved as well?  Signs point to yes.
Why is the South Australian Government building things in New Jersey?
surely when applicable and no space, a flying buttress and reclined wall by any angle, not relaying on just gravity and weight, could be added..... costs would be minimal
Related to your vid of February, 2016 —Tuned Mass Damper— I would like, if possible, some hints ….My quest is just the opposite, I have a large concrete platform, of 40ton, which oscillates on the horizontal plane, back and forth, about 10mm only, in some way quasi continuously. I want to amplify this movement via a underneath hanging pendulum. Still struggling on how to roughly calculate pendulum string length and mass to maximize energy recovery… Any hint on that?!? Many Tks
I imagine the decorative panels are also meant to absorb sound?
Great video; you do not mention tie-backs? Common in the ports to retain sheet  piling.  also, plenty of good comments.
The cause of the collapse is still under investigation.   Under pressure.
Amazing content as always, but i must ask with the growth of your channel when will you start providing content above 1080p?
problems with construction in new jersey????? lol
I've wondered since age 10 (67 now) why most retaining walls are built nearly vertical...and within DAYS start learning outward...why aren't they built with at least a 5 degree inward lean..so gravity works in unison ! I've built dozens, and 30-40 years later there still perfect....
god DAMMIT man how do you make this subject matter so interesting?!
Did you do this video because of my request a while back on one of your other videos? Just finished watching. You didn’t really discus the NJ collapse or offer what you thought went wrong, which is what I was hoping you’d do when I made the request.
4 years behind scheduled??? WTF 😒
1:54 where is this?
Some walls I have seen built used what they called a "deadman", are those no longer used, or are they just used in certain areas with certain types of soil?
So, why did the retaining walls collapse?
I live in New Jersey and I have been waiting for the report on this collapse.  Immediately after the collapse, a retired civil engineer friend with connections to NJDOT told me that NJ tried blaming the contractor for not following the spec.  The contractor replied with a warning letter that they submitted to NJDOT that it would fail.  Then all went quiet.  There are multiple ramps that were built up in this project including the half of the roadway in the picture that didn't collapse.  They are still proceeding with other ramps but one has to question is what was already built wrong too?
The soil-shear failure mode is really impressive, I had never heard of that.  Are there any notable examples of such a failure?
Okay, nice video and all, but you have not answered your own question, what has failed in New Jersey project. Because saying "the soil was bad and the project was bad" is not an answer. This is happening way too many times in your videos. I like how you explain how different situations unfold and how do they happen, but you never explain WHAT has exactly happened, like in this case. Did they failed to build walls correctly, have workers forgot to do something before completing the wall, or has somebody just blew it up in the morning when nobody was looking? I need answers, not more questions.
Can someone elaborate a bit how the anchors work? That was the only part where I couldn't follow and it seems very interesting.
Ever wonder what happens when the contract goes to the lowest priced bidder? Maybe not such a good idea!
6:53 could the patern on the panel also help with noise dampening?
7:58: could that be a reason for the nubs found on ancient cyclopean walls found around the world?
Expansion, contraction, lack of compaction?
This question may just be a result of some simplification on your part for our benefit, but do CEs ever combine a cantilever wall with piles driven into the soil to increase stability?
I pass the one in NJ at the beginning every few weeks. it looks like they haven't done anything to it since it collapse other than clear some debris. I was wondering if there was some underlying  problem stopping them from rebuilding it.
I pass this wall all the time. I'm curious when and how they're going to fix it.
what about dry stone walls?
Umm, the overturning moment exceeds the restraining moment?
I'm not knowledgeable of the subject, so I hope this isn't a silly question but: With excavated walls, aren't these nails doing barely anything compared to sheets in the soil, and wouldn't it be way more effective to just cut it and slide sheets in somehow? The way I imagine it is a machine that drives alongside a wall cutting a huge slit, unrolling a sheet into the crack as it goes, spewing the soil and rock behind itself to refill the slit it's cut after depositing the sheet.  Obvious problems to solve: Start and end of sheet needs pinning for unrolling, and a guiding arm needs to keep the back of the sheet to the back of the slit before it folds over at 45 degrees to becoming from the roll which would be perpendicular from the wall to dispense it. For collapses during the procedure the disk would have to be 3 disks , the middle one a smaller diameter, to shelter the guiding arm, and a chute at the back could guide all the new cut dirt into the previously cut slits by spewing out key channels past the guiding arm. Collapses from the front and variation in soil density issues could both be solved by big plates on the machine that push into the wall as it goes, slightly compressing it, adding additional stability to the cut, while a front covering with holes in for shotcrete is rolled along to cover the slit and prevent ejaculation of the soil from the disks.  I dunno, maybe this is a silly idea. But if this does sound revolutionary and you think it'd be worthwhile to get the idea out there please say so and I'll make a simple animation of it :)
Super fascinating Grady! I'm wondering if you have any insight to how humans have terraced slopes for thousands of years, for agriculture? It seems to always be above 25' slopes, also usually irrigated, and the earth is disturbed regularly. How is that possible?
I've been wondering about this recently.
Hey Grady can you make next video on landsliding
Is “secant pile” a trigonometry joke, or does it actually have something to do with the structure in the same way as a “tangent pile”?
I wonder if there was ever a situation when flying buttresses were ever used to hold a retaining wall?   They would allow the use of the space below them unlike a long ground slope.  The only thing I can think of are situations where there might be historical buildings or archeologically important areas on the high ground into which nothing further would be allowed to be drilled.
there seems to be a split in Japan between older retaining walls—built with a slope—and new retaining walls, built without.  I assume the change is to make more use of the limited urban space, but I really like the older style.
That's right down the street from me.  I always wondered what happened there.
I wonder if there are engineers working on how to stabilize soils after forest fires so that mud slides are prevented.  I mean these disasters seem to happen every year.
Have you ever done a video on the rock slide that closed I-40 back in 2009 or 2010 at the TN/NC border?
Grady, can you make a video on how sound affect structures, specially why horns can take down a tunnel?
Cantilever walls and reinforced layers seem intuitive enough, but how does soil nailing work? Can't the soil just move around the nail, how is it being held back?
So I'm guessing these issues not only affect roadside walls but also my planned deep underground lair? No but seriously, I had never considered that building subsurface levels becomes a challenge due to soil pressure.
Now I want to know that went wrong with that New Jersey retaining wall! I hope you do a follow up when the final report is released.
got a little curious about the expansion of the water when it freezes how much force are we talking about?
did he just batchest
Love your videos! I remember some years back now watching a construction project underway near my place where they were building a curved on-ramp and bridge. I remember them using these huge styrofoam like  blocks that looked like they were roughing out the structure with them? Have you seen this method before, ore anyone else?
Not knowing anything about the New Jersey MSE wall that Grady shows above, I'd hazard a guess it's due to a 'global' type failure of the subsurface rather than a foundation failure directly beneath the wall strip footing. If caught early enough the wall may have been able to have been saved if fill material forming a slope could have been placed in front of the wall to prevent lateral creep due to the sliding failure. In fact, the long gray soil material looks to be possibly a soil buttress built on top of a granular toe drain as a buttressing attempt but either too small or positioned incorrectly. Just a guess, though, since there are a lot of other unknown factors like available ROW and necessary drainage not to mention fill and labor availability to build the buttress quickly.
Wait a minute. You  Start cooking dinner a 1/2 an hour before you go to bed? Do you eat dinner before you go to bed? Going to bed with the full stomach kind of sucks doesn't it?
Gabion retaining walls, rocks in wire cages, are a common sight here in Australia. I wonder how they would be effected when a bush fire weakens the cage? I imagine engineers took this into consideration.
Why did the wall colapse? Cause they didnt follow everything they could have learned frkm watching this channel aka saving cost.
can you make a video about suspended bridges and explain this technology... thanks
I'm 41 seconds in and Grady asks "why do they sometimes fall down?" Ooohh, Ooohh, Ooohh... I know that one! Gravity!
In addition to the entertainment value, I watch these vids to make stuff . Does anyone know , for MSE (mechanically stabilized earth), the frequency of horizontal supports.  For example, now many screens did he put in the box of sand that supported the car (a 12in x 12in box It appeared to be)?  It seems that he may have done between 6 and 12) What impacts the number of screens needed (angle of repose? Volume? Top Surface Area? Side Surface Area?)
Arch Retaining Walls: what am I a joke to you?
@ 9:05 you talk about pile walls for excavations. I always wondered: if you're building a tall building, and so you have a deep basement of several stories like for parking, are the pile walls set first to the maximum depth of the foundation before excavation?
So wait why did the new jersey interchange wall itself collapse?? Edit: oh you already said that it's still under investigation duh
If piles,and perhaps your dowels with your enlightening experiment... Were hexagonal,not round ? A layman,just pondering...........
do those anchors have left handed threads or is that a drafting oversight?
My brother is a computer engineer and he hates when I send him chemical or structural engineering videos going "this you?" but I also love random knowledge and being the person on road trips to point out engineering issues, historical references, and architecture facts. For clarification, I'm an art school dropout with a linguistic degree working in social work, so I'm all about learning about things that won't get me paid.
Is the Equator a retaining line too?
interesting thought:   what if large portions of the earth was made of exposed bedrock or weathered gravel. but no soil silt or sand?  how would that affect construction projects?
Could you do a video on why infrastructure projects in the US seem to take longer and at higher cost than in other industrialized countries?
If a brand new wall can fail so catastrophically, makes one wonder how much confidence we should place on the ones we depend on everyday.
It’s been a while since I’ve lived in your city, but have you seen the massive retaining walls over by Babcock and hausman rd? Those are huge I would love your thoughts on it.
9:48 what a massive wall, where is it?
Is vegetation an issue with those segmental MSE walls? If a tree starts growing on top near the face, can the root system cause issues with the wall? In certain places like Florida, you even see a lot of vegetation growing from the joints.
anyone else a little worried about how fast that truck was approaching a pretty tight corner @ 1:25? kinda curious to see how he managed it. maybe its sped up xD but background car looked pretty normal speed
Are the soil nails functionally the same as the anchor points (unsure on terminology) you often see in tunnels/caves designed to stop cave-in's? If not, how do those tunnel-anchor things work? They never seem to have much on the surface to physically hold back the rock or secure it to the pin (?) so I've never really understood how those horizontal pile looking things work to prevent collapses in stone tunnels/caves
I live on a steep hill and most of the properties in my street are being knocked down and re-developed into medium density housing. The developers of these properties usually have to level the soil and from the few projects I’ve seen, I don’t really think the retaining walls they’ve built are going to do their jobs properly. On one project I saw the developer install what looked like plastic blocks into the retaining wall, it was weird, I felt like asking them what were they and why hadn’t they secured the face of the wall with concrete and steel?
Is there an official award for well made and valuable content on the internet? If so, you should get it! What you are doing is just invaluable, especially for younger folks. Channels like yours make the internet better, and given the fact that the internet - for better or worse - is a part of everyones lifes today, we owe you our gratitude. Thank you very much!
Spiders??? In the 8 years I have done soil nailing, they have always been centralizers.
Hey Grady, can you do an episode on geopiers?
Have you heard of "Slurry Walls"? In my opinion they are a type of retaining wall as well and use an interesting process.  Nice Vid.
Delays in NJ and sloppy construction?  That’s 100% political payoffs, union work and organized crime.
how will ivy or vines effect retaining walls?
So, what happens in a few decades when the 'steel' cables and fittings rust through? Its going to be difficult & expensive to do maintenance on them, like a lot of public infrastructure - see Cody's (and others) videos on collapsing bridges that haven't been maintained since they were opened.
How long did it take you to cut all those dowels?
Is your name Grady because you like grades, grading, grade-level, and all things grade related?
Your voice has a weird echo again. Are you recording in an auditorium or is this some weird effect?
Does the Stockholm subway use shotcrete?
Hey Grady! Could you pretty please do a video one day on how engineers construct the parts of a bridge that go down into the water and rest on the riverbed, and support the bridge structure - I don't know what they're called really (the legs?). But they are like magic to me - I don't understand how they built them, or how they don't get swept away by the currents of the river. As I read somewhere, they often use these sheet piles that you mentioned in this video to create a water-free space right down to the riverbed where they can start putting the foundations? Would totally love to see a video about this! Love your channel!
Is it just me or is there a lot of popping in this video?
Have..... Have we seen this before? I kinda remember the "retaining wall" test
I love your videos, but please can you change the music up one time. It's the same background track in every video, we need some variety! pls.
Did you guys know China graduates more engineers each year than the entire number of working engineers in the US?
Earth shear - What softwares do you use?
