Howell !are you how or well while you ponder over these existential questions with your  very limited intellect might I address you as Sir Ignoramus
Still think Andrew Tate is crazy?
I assume all the general public fined for breaking the lockdown rules will be refunded??
People and the media conveniently forgetting that Labour were caught breaking the same laws on numerous occasions? Yet ignored by the media
Who's the twat in the jumper cavorting with the fat bird?
Is this for real? Who the hell do these people think they are. Shame on them
Why are these people still in work, and why where they not prosecuted
And you all honestly believe no one from any other party "bent the rules"? Of course they did they just didn't get outed for it because they weren't "in power" stop wearing your rose tinted glasses
Who is the girl in the red dress? Asking for a friend. She has some good quality tits..
Given the Mirror Group's record, why should we accept the authenticity of this footage?
What els do we expect from these cunxs? That's all they are... cuxts !
10k fine for the organiser, or are they above the law
How do I block this garbage paper
Either Bozo was aware of this when he awarded these clowns their dishonours or he was not. If he wasn't then clearly they should now be recinded. If he was aware however he should be banned from office for life and his whole dishonourable list should be scrapped.
Who are those 2 twats dancing?
Still believe the narrative do you ???  Fools !!
Are people getting it now? These people have nothing but contempt for you, the country, the law. Entitled twats.
Technically you could argue that it wasn't a party as there are far too many gimps and rejects at it to classify it as an actual party
How long as The mirror been sitting on this? Why not pass it on to the police, Sue Gray or the Privileges Committee the moment you came into possession of this damning evidence?
What chance do we have when people like this show complete disregard for the law and respect for the citizens of our country.
what are we mad at? the fact the lockdowns were so pointless the people enforcing them didnt feel the need to abide by them or that they didnt abide by the pointless lockdowns?
Do all Tory boys laugh that way? Scum
Loooora Lora why do working class families want these toffs in charge they’re not the same toffs of the past when this country was powerful they’re like kids dressed as adults. Stop voting Tory muppets.
When are criminal charges going to happen?
Complete and total MSM attack as if it was all planned by Dr Evil, ask yourself why…… politics
They risked their own lives, knowing that they could die form coning into contact with each other ?
I wonder when The Mirror obtained this video?, is it recently or have they been sitting on it for two years?.
I can't see Boris in this video - where is he?
Is this actually a surprise to anyone?
Any real men about?
Wtf even was that
Even if they didn't get filmed - do those in attendance seriously think KARMA wasn't watching ?  KARMA: knows all, sees all, hears all.....
Where was my invite
So when's the court date?
Why aren’t we all doing something about this together?
Can someone let me know what important news this goofy subject is hiding ?
Why is the dancing so skittish? Genuinely makes it seem like a party in a mental asylum
Is it? Are they? A video has been released but there’s nothing to confirm anything 🤔 Screaming a BS push but what the heck the sheep will believe anything these days, even that 💉 will stop you from dying instead of possibly causing their death.
Why are they not afraid of catching the virus in this video?  Why no fear?   They seem to know something the public did not.
Honestly, did anyone REALLY feel surprised by this footage?
I wonder if the guy in the jumper copped off with the bird in the red dress? 🤔
Hang on, is this Kate Joseph a labour official?
How is Boris to blame for this?  He wasn't there.  It's hardly likely that he even knew about it.
Member when Handcok was responsible for forcing COVID patients into care homes?  What ever happens to him?
They stopped people from holding their dying mother's hand???  They stopped people from going to funerals???  Disgusting scumbags!
Is it too much to ask that these low-life maggots are rounded up, put in a skip then the skip dumped in the North Sea?
What no masks Ben Malice name change no I miss heard?
Forgive and forget? No, hold to account, sack & remember
They broke lockdown rules because they knew the whole thing was a fraud, you really think if it was so deadly they would be partying?.
When is labour getting done for this?
Are those dancers on 10 boosters?😂
What is the collective noun for a group of useless, egotistical thugs ? Perhaps “Political party” would be a good suggestion….
I dont no what was worse theire behaviour or the dancing.. Muppets
Makes you wonder where they get the videos from and why all of a sudden are they willing to show it? Why not 2 years ago when it happened? Must be pay day for someone….
These are the people we are supposed to belive have our best intrests at heart? Any one else had enough of this system that only helps the rich people?
So have they all been investigated and fined ??
This people are politicians? Omg
Are they dancing or is this a new professional wrestling company coming to the scene soon?
lying scheming rats, and we allow these bastards to decide what happens in our country?
Out of curiosity, does anyone know where this video came from ? is it from Boris's whatsapp messages ? or was this part of the evidence they already had ?
Why am I not surprised?
And charlatans bojo wants £115,000 free money each year? Seriously?????
What’s that? Dirty dancing remastered?
Any pictures of Starmers Beer and Curry party ?
Who the hell is that mumbling the dialogue - and the proof of when that was taken is ???????
Anyone under 65 wearing braces is by definition a twat and WTF is that guy “dancing” doing spinning that girl around so much? Is his goal to get her so dizzy she might sleep with him?
Honestly what I want to know is who's been sitting with this video for all these years and only just released it now!?
Could be arrested just for those dancing moves ffs
this dos not look real it look's an act  are these actual member's or actor's acting drunk ?
So the whole dictum of social isolation, separation was for nothing? These bigwigs therefore knew some secret...which will never come out
why aren’t the police being questioned about this? why did didn’t they charge anyone for breaking the law? and then to add insult to injury, Boris gives his cronies peerages etc is utterly deplorable! the awards should be rescinded  immediately.
Who paid for this party?
What is that dancing...omg that should illegal
I don't actually care they broke their own rules. The real question is, why did everyone accept those rules in the first place?
There will be those who think we should move on from this atrocious, self centred, dispassionate, mocking behaviour. My question would be  "how the hell  can we"  ❓
Is there anyone out there who didn't think this was going on? How many TV drama's etc. were filmed during lockdown because there was no shortage of content on the BBC. Trees in full leaf during what would have been lockdown summer. Scammed.
Who's there, who are they, what year is it
Anyone still stupid enough to have the covid vaccine?
Why did he get an OBE firstly he's a law breaking criminal and what has he done to deserve that. Most people with OBE's have raised millions for charity what has this dope done.
Maybe they don't think this is a "party" and to be honest they would have a point as that looks like the shittest party i've seen, bench of twats every single one of them
Why is it Coming out Now Three Years Later?
Why would  you film  your self  breaking  the rules          Strange behaviour
Who are these people breaking the law and order? Oh the ones who made the law.
Why weren't they scared of the virus?
i wonder how much barrels of gunpowder go for these days...
Meanwhile Sunak being asked about it tomorrow, while he's having a photo op in a Welsh farm after commuting via RAF helicopter:
Hey Everyone. Dont forget they hold this recording for 3 years and didnt release it to public ! so what reason they doing this now ?? This is distraction of something else !
Ones starts to think if they took it seious....are they even jabbed up whilst they forced u to take it
What the fuck is that dancing 😂😂😂😂😂
Could this be fake!?! It’s like watching a scene from the office
breakin lockdown ?..who was daft enough to be locked down anyway
A cannibal tory filming everyone enjoying themselves and then deciding they can make some money out of the video?
Who was recording and why release it now and not earlier ?
what drugs are they on fuck me i need some
Who now is going to obey a potential lockdown situation if another virus appears in the future?
All we need to know is who is the person taking the video.
Is this an actual JOKE?
They should all be fined and more importantly why haven’t the police taken any action?
I wonder why in the heart of Conservative HQ they thought it was okay to do this. Probably because they think the rest of us are the plebs. They'll be a surprise for them at the next general election when they are all turfed out.
Have to wonder why this wasntreleased at the time
And fining a Hairdresser £10,000 or is it £27,000 ? more for breaking rules. Absolutely disgusting, and words fail me.
Anyone out there that is let's say in the 50 to 69 bracket that has voted these erse holes all their lives can you please take a look in the mirror and ask yourself if you can vote for them again. I know I won't.
I thought Starmer's curry night was investigated and found that it was a meal while at work? Not asking for a torrent of abuse, just to clear things up. I honestly don't think any of them can be trusted, it's literally a lessor of two evils.
And the Met didn't have enough evidence to fine anyone??????
Are those two twinkletoed performers hoping to get on Strictly?
Did they really know something the rest of the population didn't know?
Is it genuine though? It looks more like a scene from 'The Office' than an actual party. My verdict? Could do better Mirror.
What about the people who had to pay illegal fines ?
If there's another more serious pandemic in our lifetime, and the government announces a lockdown, will the public comply as they did before?
Interesting: who leaked this and WHY? Stop being manipulated. Ask who is using your anger and for what purpose?  Why now?
Working lunch surely?
Is this actually a party? And if it is, do the people attending know that it is a party? And if they do, were they actually attending, agenda-wise and according to their notebooks? And if they were, who did they share those notebooks with?
Is that the same as hospital staff ?
Is this video for real? It looks like something out of The Day Today.
is that dancing or martial arts?
Are you boring f&cks still going on about this crap?  Try reporting about something important like the Westernised version of Marxism that the left are trying to impose on us in the guise of Woke social justice.
Does this honestly shock anyone?
Tory's would.. get skinner on to them. Question is, who's phone is that? GRASS 😂 i wonder what Lara thinks of this?. 😆
What?! Politicians being dishonest and playing the public? Can't be, it's almost like the public is electing them and crying afterwards for elected individuals behaving like people doing people things
