Why would Jake Buy off a guy with a weak Chin xD
Dunno who's the bigger melt him or jake
Who ever seen Tommy look good in a fight……… I’ll wait
Jake paul who?
Biggest fight of his career but he’s not fighting a real boxer? 🤔
Hairline looks perfect , is this natural ?
Seriously is his hairline real??
Does anyone else see how bad jake Paul copied Conor McGregor and still copying Connor it’s a lil wild too see how much a fan he is of Connor
The days of jogging have been over for decades. Why do ppl damage their joints and limbs performing ng this cardio? There are so many alternative measures like equipment.
How much does Jake think he is Conor lol!
When is Tommy gonna pull out?
We'll see if this fight even happens
Remind me if the wine aged well or not after the fight thanks
Is this man related to Tyson Fury?
Who tf is Jake Paul???
Is it just me that thinks Tommy Fury body looks very miss shaped 😕  a wonder what he's been on in the past 🤣
Who runs without headphones?! 😮🤯
How many days before he pulls out? 4 days before the fight
What's y'all predictions?
I wanna see Tommy win, he definitely has what it takes to beat Jake but I think Jake has what it takes to beat Tommy aswell it’s a tough call
How has boxing allowed these clowns 🤡 to take over???
Has anyone ever seen Tommy throw what would be  considered a good punch.
If jake wins, who does he fight next?
Where does Tommy go after this win if he even does win
ayo when did Ben Simmons become an interviewer?
why do i feel like he’s gonna choke :(
Turn down a trillion to take a dive? Does he believe that truly
Why is jake fighting tommy 1 month after tommy fought? Hes given him no time to recover.
So if Tommy was a "World Class" boxer, why did he DUCK Paul 2 times already? Cus Jake Paul is going to beat yo A$$ Tommy!
So if Jake doesn't win then what? Are we all going to be like "Ohhhhhhhhhhh!" Or does it even matter since he's just making noise shaking up boxing an not even a professional boxer? 🤔
i still have question marks over how good Tommy is and could be.. it would be really Embarrassing if he got beat by Jake Paul
tommy does have better technique no doubt about it but does he have the chin and the cardio to go 10 rounds when he’s only been having 4 round exhibitions we’ll see
Let's see who withdraws from the fight
Tell me why I think he going to pull out again and for the so called broken rib he never showed an X-ray of it when it’s so easy to prove if it’s true‼️
How much is this fight?
2 and half years in the making ? 2 and half years in rehearsal more like
Man if he loses,, to a yt, how does he come bk from that
Anyone else think it's been too long, and jake paul will now beat him?
Were they both on the same series of love island?
Anyone know if there is a rematch clause 🤔
The reason the fight was announced only 30 days away? Someone is coming off a cycle or both by the looks of it
How does one brother look like giga chads baby and the other looks like Bigfoot had a baby with a human
