is there a car that Freddy wont buy?
How could a battery cost 170k$?
I'm still looking to watch part 3 ?
I'm a casual Freddy/Vinwiki/Hobbie viewer. Seen plenty of others just by YouTube recommendations.    Why are people putting so much stock on "biggest rebuild"? Is there a YouTube car community thing...bragging rights maybe?   For me, it's a cool, challenging build. Never crossed my mind if it's the biggest one ever or whatever.
was this before or after he blew it up lol the time line xD and ok! i knew id find ut if i kept watching random videos sooo they did reach out to him? xD
Question! Does Changing a HIper car ruin the value
What happened to the Rolls Royce that was sat next to The P1 in the flood ? What state is that in ?
Have i missed something, or did shmee take a ride in the 675 before it...... You know, has gone BOOM?
You repaired the busted engine on MCLaren?
Is that a boat hanging on the wall behind Freddie?  🤣
Shmee! Dude! What is the watch you're wearing!? You used to wear a Rolex Daytona (correct me if I'm wrong) I think? What went wrong?😉
If every subscriber donated 5$$ all problems should be fixed.... so ask us. We all want that car restored to full glory.
I thought he blow the engine on that blue McClaren🤔? Guess he got it fixed🤷🏽
Wait, did Freddy already have his old McLaren engine rebuilt or was this filmed before that?   Also, that's a damn insane project build.
Anyone else confused on the timeline? Did the LT already get fixed?
How are you going to be able to insure this?
How much did he pay for it? That's the most important interest to me
Is it sad that I've seen more about this car from OTHER channels than I have from Tavarish's channel?
The whole story is still fishy. Buys an extremely low mileage p1 for almost $2m. When a hurricane is forecast seemingly no effort is made to get this thing to safety. Really? If you'd just dropped that much into something you'd at least try and get it out of there surely.
It was rebuilt now???????, from what I remember it was bleeding on the side of the road...
I don't understand why Freddie hit "buy now" instead of letting it go to bidding.  Have to give him credit for knowing what he's doing though.
When every single part is damaged, what is left to salvage? This looks like an immense waste of money.
Oh my anyone knows what brand is Schmee's watch?
was this pre or post the 675 engine yeeting a rod through the bottom of the block.
This is a head scratcher.  You may have big the big one on this one.
what i dont get, if you buy it for 2 Million and you get the news that there is going to be a hurricane why dont you either get it picked up, or pay someone to drive it into safety
I'm confused this is before he blew the blue one up right or has this been fixed now? I feel like everything we watch was recorded like 6 months ago instead of yesterday or 3 days ago 😅
Is legend a synonym for stupid?   I want Freddie to pull this off, but I think this is more work than he thinks it will be.  This has to be a nut and bolt restoration.
how much did he pay? (missed it if he said it)
Has he already fixed the blown out engine of the old McLaren?
I was wondering what was going on then because he blew the engine but this must have been a month or two before, also he only just posted his video on the p1, timelines.
I dont understand the timeline of your uploads and fellow YouTubers recording with you?? I thought your McLaren 675 had engine damage and after that you bought the P1? You made a own video tavaris about the how excited you are to collect the P1 but you already saw it! What real and whats fake?
Shmee, $575,000?? 😳Is Freddy on Fungicide/Herbicide WATCH?? 😳😂
fake or too may people claiming this one
Does anyone knows what watch is Shmee wearing?
didnt he blow the motor on that car?
Wait so freddy bought the P1 BEFORE he nuked his 675?!
What is the chassis no? What a project, wow.
Can Shmee even work on cars?  Doesn't seem like he could even change a belt on a civic.  That's why I don't watch him.
Did the LT blew up after this?
Did you film this before Tavarish blew up the engine in the 675LT? I’m a little confused with the timeline
Wait, so Freddy purchased the P1 before the 675LT broke? Ouch...
I remember the Ferrarri that was passed around form goonsquad to other youtubers . Maybee you can try that with your new project  ?
@shmee150  what watch are you wearing?
The company that ruined your wheel and tire did they compensate you for the damaged they caused ?
Was this video recorded before the blown engine or after?
Wait… the LT engine is fixed already? Or is this an old video? I’m confused 😮
hey freddy, who's is that cbr1000rr?
I get so pissed when I hear prices like that.. how in the hell can anybody justify a windshield worth 13.000 dollars?!!! A 170.000 dollar battery?! It's glass and a damn battery!!
why did shmee have the cleanest signature ever
so why would you not move your 2 mill car when you know a hurricane hits and will flod the place?
so this video is from before you granaded the motor?
Was this before the 675LT blew up? Or has @tavarish already fixed it?
The Ferrari Daytona seats in the Mac... I don't know about that ma... thats sacred Ferrari tradition there.
At 4:52 on a rainy day, won't the water go in through the gap?
For anyone that doesn't know or is wondering why or how is the 675 LT working and running those videos were 2 months old the videos that were Uploaded by tavarish so he has quite a bit of content that he hasn't Uploaded yet so we are pretty far up on the P1 journey
I hope Freddy hybrid deletes the P1, maybe get a 1000hp engine tune??
Wait, is this in the past? Thought the Blue McLaren was blown up?
I wonder when this was recorded? Will have to be 3months old or cause the LT isnt wrecked yet
Giving away sand in bottles? Does any "bath" water come with it?  Wonder where you got that idea from?
Which colour He will choose or will the P1 stay yellow?😊
I too am worried about the hybrid system. I wonder if it’s recoverable.
Wait a minute, is that blue McLaren up and running yet? 3 days ago Freddy showed the engine was garbage. He fixed it so quickly?
Question: so the dry ice cleaning process, Tavarish said it fired tiny dry ice pellets, so it’s like sandblasting but the “sand” is solid carbon dioxide and it just dissipates?
When did you make this video, because Freddy crashed the engine nearly a month ago, so I am an bit confused about your video?
is the drive in the lt before or after he blow up the engine
What kind of watch are you wearing? Very cool.
Should McLaren reach out to Freddie to help??? Surely it would be great PR??
Nice green watch ! What brand is that ? Probably on par with the cars
What about the title I thought couldn’t drive on roads?
smell-wise might be ok if he can ozone it once he replaces the windshield
But is this blue one engine fixed?
When was this originally recorded? Freddie's 675 has a huge hole in the block right now.
WAIT... didn't Freddie also blow up the 675LT too?   Dang 2 McLaren's.... WOW
Wasn't the blue McLarens motor blown with a hole in the block?  Fixed already? Is there a video on the fix?
Has Freddy replaced the engine yet on his 675LT?
Hey didn’t he blow the motor on that car in a video he posted like 2 weeks ago
Was this before Freddy blew up the 675lt?
I thought gis 675lt has broken engine?
Ok…. I’m confused! I thought the 675LT’s engine blew out just before buying the flooded P1. He just talked about finding a short block.   What have I missed?
Quick question: Can you even rebuild a P1 in this condition for cheaper than you could just buy new? Lmao.
beautiful p1 but whats up w the kenworth lol!
Schmee’s watch looks super cool, does anyone know what it is called
didn't Tavarish blow the engine in this thing?
i thought the LT blew a while ago?
How soon after this was shot did the LT grenade itself?
Can we maybe get some better mics? I think there is some room for improvement on audio, especially with these cars.
dident the engine in the 675LT blow out? he allready fixed it??
I thought you put a hole in the bottom end of that one.  You fixed it that fast or did I miss that video?
So how long after this video did he blow up the engine?
Was this video before his 765 blew and engine 🧐
Wonder if it has a reserve
For that money, wouldn’t it be more interesting to see a third party build a battery for the P1? I recon it should be possible…
Have you ever thought of doing a video on every car you have driven as you have driven more super / hyper cars than anyone in the world in so many different countries Shmee????
Didn't the 675lt just get engine damage? Unless this was filmed before
this youtube screws with your head, Freddie only picked up P1 2 days ago, blew up is 675 ages ago, now 675 is fine and P1 is in bits (more bits)???
How Much he paid?
How?, I thought the engine in the Lt had a hole in it😅
a noble project indeed , how much on top of the  $500k  you think he will need to spend  to complete ? I think maybe 3-400k ?
How Old is this video ?
Didn’t the 675 blow up
The LT motor sounds good with pistons out.... Or is this an alternate timeline ?
Wonder if the previous owner had full insurance on that vehicle to get the refund
the video is before the blowing rod right?
I'm a bit lost...wasn't the 675lt engine supposed to be blown?
how can a fucking car battery cost that much? jeez
wait - so he fixed already blown engine on 675LT? Guess fixing video lags behind Shmme's visit, lol
Did you film this months ago before he blew up his 675LT? 😂 Did he ask you to wait until he's revealed it?
How does this man travel that fast,like a few days ago,he visited ChrisFix,now he’s at Tavarish.This man is insane.
Since Freddy will NEVER be able to legally drive this car in the U.S. due to the title being a certificate of destruction, I wonder if Schmee can buy it off him and get it registered in the U.K.
physical body damage is one thing, but my question is-- being submerged in salt water, would that have possibly penetrated or permeated into the carbon fiber gelcoat and ruined the structural integrity of the whole body (specifically the monocoque)?
I wonder if he took the electronics apart and cleaned them with the dry ice if they would come back alive.
So Freddy blew up the engine after this video??..Or did he fix it before this shoot...sorry but i haven't followed??
I guess this was before it blew up?
Is the LT after a engine rebuild. Or are the vids out of sequence?
YouTube car channels buying cars from other YouTube car channels? Zzzz, zzz, zz.. Tavarish does not need these collaborations, he is standalone cool! I look forward to the rebuild without these distractions👍
I mean shmee you have a work shop, the question is will you ever attempt something like that??
So this was filmed before the engine blew a rod through the block?
675LT is ok? I thought its engine blew
I'm confused...I'm following both if you guys...at what point the engine blowout??
Anyone want to place a guess on the finished colour of this build? Should Freddy keep it yellow?
When was this filmed the lt has been broken for months.
The car was broken right? Or is this after de fix? 😅
so the LT is fixed??
Tim, do you ever sleep?  You are the busiest man on YouTube! You are absolutely everywhere.😂
Where's Shmee's P1? 😖
Shmee will you ever attempt something like this?? It would be great for content and all of us would love it!!!!😊
I thought Freddie’s 675LT engine blew up? Why are we seeing this from months ago?
Has the engine of the 675LT already been repaired or was the video taken before the capital engine damage?
I’m so confused on the timeline of this video, because he uploaded yesterday of him picking up the P1 also that 675 now has a blown engine 🤔
was this filmed before that 675LT engine blew up?
That 675LT is already fixed??
This is going to be an amazing and exciting project. I’m super excited to see how this turns out. A quick question, will we be getting a video on that stunning pair of countachs we saw on insta? That would be awesome!
Does Shmee150 reply?
