How do you go throw the gate? It need key
How to break shadows of the erdtree when?🎉😢
Is this still viable? Or did something got nerfed or patched out since then?
Is it still good?
Now that 1.09 is out, would you change the weapon?
I know i look like a fool asking, but can you still do the jump for obtaining somber [7] in patch 1.08? I've been trying for an hour now...
OKAY BUT WHAT IS THAT SONG IN THE BEGINNING MONTAGE
Does this still work?
Is this build still good now patch 1.06
The Jump to get somber 7 got patched. Can you please show us a new way to get it?
Has any of this been nerfed in the latest patch?
has any of this been nerfed?
I leveled up my vigor to around 37 but how am i gonna level up my other attributes...its costing way too much ruin for just one level 🙂
You ever gonna do an updated version or more challenge runs?
is this still viable for 1.04?
When does he pick up the somber smithing stone 5?
Did they patch the advanced parkour jumping part or am I just sucking at making the jump?
What’s the controls for Xbox please 😀
Dumb question... is this remotely possible on update 1.07? You show 1.03 and Did they debuff anything afterwards?  Edit: I did get al the way to the Godskip skip, but i cannot make last that insane bridge jump to get the Somber 7.
So whens the 1.04 OP guide coming out?
Did anyone not notice that his character is a female??
Where did he get the +5 stone before Margit?
i’m having trouble with the double bridge jump in the volcano manor, does anyone know if that’s patched or smth?
L2 + R1 and L2 + R2 just do normal attacks. What am I doing wrong?
Is this only for samurai builds?
cant you do varre s quest and end up in moghwyn palace where in a chest is a dragon somber stone to make plus 10?
anyone know if the skip for godskin noble is still in the game? can't tell if im bad or if they patched it
I think they patched godskin skip :^( the ledge you jump to is noticeably smaller than before
how do you do the jump from Bridge to wall to the smithing stone 7? I've tried so many times...
+25 early vid soon?
Like your vids, but just Maybe slow it down a little bit. I keep having to backtrack every 30 seconds…Maybe I’m a noob or a nonce, but you should cater to me, right?
why +5? with the giant you stop at +4
Gg great video but im missing where you get the somber 5 stone? Giant only sells to +4
now we need a how to get op with magic video kkkkkk also you are awesome
if you were to get another weapon to max instead of death poker what would it be?
Does this still work?
This death bird isn't staying still. Anyone know if they patched out the cheese?
Why the fuck don't you show the location of the portal at the academy lake this video is not helping I have to use multiple fucking videos to find out where the FUCK I'M at edit:nevermind I found it video was somewhat helpful thank you
why do arabic closed captions always automatically turn on when i watch this video
I just have one thing to ask. Can you out the music you use in your videos somewhere please ?? Your challenges are amazing. I wish I had this kind of determination
What is the song at 4:15? Shit bumps but it didnt seem like it was in the music used playlist
Does the knight calvary cheese still work?
Why does his character remind me of Rich Piana? 5% mindset!
have rhey updated game since? the death bird isnt standing still at all for me.
Where did you get the +5 from?
Can somebody please help me? When I press R2 my character does an attack and I cannot do anything other than that attack. I don’t know how he is able to do R2 + L1 and stuff for the attack to cover distance. My attack is short
Had any of this been needed or changed ?
Hi all,  Is it normal that the last boss turns of my screen on phase 2 on PC? Dealing with npc lag switch was enough for me to feel challenged
how long into the game will this op setup last?
Idk why the beginning portion labeled "Death's Poker +5" is labeled that cause it's actually +4.
what about best summon or river of blood or azur comat mage guide? XD
am i the only one who´s game lags hard when big enemies get the l2/r1 damage prock?
How the hell you land the r2+r1 i always get it 1/3 of the times
8:04 somebody for the love of God please tell me how to jump there
Yo i have done everything in the video (i think) but when i want to equip an ash of war the death's poker doesn't show up in the menu does anyone know why?
6:27 what is that music name ?
Anyone can help me? Why i always finished my arrows before the boss die?
Elden ring pacifist run when?
Are they patching these games purely because of you?
love these videos! though im stumped as to how you got the weapon to +5 before you went inside academy? Iji only sells up to +4
whats that epic song in the start?
the somber smithing stones from iji upgrade the weapon onöy tu +4 am i missning something? where did he get the +5 stone?
I wonder if there is a way to cheese the 2 cleanrot knights boss and get the Golden Scarab talisman to make this even better...
What do you guys focus attributes on with this build?
What's the sample used at 4:14?
This is amazing but the real question consumable only run when
Ymfah, are you Brazilian? The portuguese subtitles are really specifics
can't you get +10 easy? go to the church of rose in the lake and talk to Varrie, do 3 invasions (don't even have to win), speed on over to Church of inhibition, then get the item to teleport to mohg's dynasty, sanic your way through to right before the lift up to Mohg's fight, and then open chest (maybe die) and grab the somber dragonstone material for + 10
What's the best one of these weapons for a pure strength build?
Is this really that op if you have to get hit in order to lure them into that floor trap?
But...can you beat Elden Ring...without jumping?
Can someone help me out I finally got that staff but it's not doing what I'm seeing on this video do I have to buy a spell or something
I only got +4 doing the same thing. Did I do anything wrong?
Cool. You can stomp the early game. What the heck do I turn this build into now? Lol. To many possibilities.
Great video can you collab with Filipe Ramos
I've Watched the video 3 times but how you get the sombre smitting 5? Before the Manor?
Uhm, Am I the only one that the gsme perma crash in the bridge cinematic? Yes? Uh... I think I broke my game somehow...
No Powerwolf song? :(
Can you beat the game with this stuff?
I dont  have that much damage with +6 even, how do you do it?
What happened to the sword of night and flame
How to finish the game maidenless
how do you do the little taunt 6:15 when you look at the screen im assuming its an action with the weapon but how do you do it lmao and also this is very impressive
Is there a way to get rivers of blood early
Hiw in the hell do you make that jump to the ledge to get S7? Im about to tear my tv of the wall after about a 1000 attempts!
Yo ymfah how did you get the name ymfah. ymfah.  Also how can I get better at parrying in dark souls 3  and beat the crystal sage?
Consumables only when?
Why can’t I use the death poker?
Do you think all these skips will fuck up any of the quests?
Is this fixed
Where did you get that bow?
Does anyone know the music? 🙏
Wats Music 0:20?
is the Knight Calvary cheese fixed? on my 5th attempt at it right now
Think the knight dies cause he is supposed to reposition back on to the bridge, but falls off for some reason.
When and where did he get sombe smithing stone (5), the blacksmith only sells to +4
So, how soon till this also gets nerfed? Next patch?
Does this really works
if you want to improve the dmg of L2+R1 what you need to skill??? strengh?
If I do this as an astrologer, what stats should i invest to? I need to know where to put the dragon's runes 🤣
whens elden ring without walking rolling talking to npcs and no using grace ?
Is there any way to do this without that second jump ??
is this possible at rune level one.
Did he go through the gate with the glintstone key?  Did I miss where he got the glintstone key?  edit figured it out, don't go into the door LOL.
For some reason my L2 + R1 attack does the explosion, the same as my L2 + R2 does anybody know why?
yeah elden ring is cool and stuff but have you ever done a video to Nioh 1 or 2? I mean Nioh is even more fun to play no joke, you can trust me.
How do this be working on the elden beast tho?
For the other somber weapons that were suggested - why did it say Blasphemous Blade you need 40 vigor?
Did jackscepticeye just accidentally add this video to his scariest videos playlist lmao
Why was this on jacksepticeyes scariest videos on the internet playlist?
Once you get your second talisman pouch you could probably get warrior jar shard to increase the weapon art damage some more too, right?
Why is this on Jacksepticeyes playlists of scariest videos on the internet?
What stats should I focus on to increase the damage? Should I just go along with the scaling or maybe just go int
Was that a motherfucking giantdad reference at the start
what attributes to focus on to evolve in this build after the video?
What is the jazzy music you used called?
Hello, I am watching your video in Korea. I have a question. Some of the videos support Korean subtitles. Did you translate them yourself?
so can this be used in rlv 1?
Do varre’s questline to also get ancient somber for 10+
why the 40 vigor for blasphemous blade? i know it's not a wield requirement
is it just me who can’t cheese night’s cavalry? i’m careful not to get too far away but it keeps teleporting back to the bridge
I did everything you’ve done and I don’t have two magic features on mine and the only button that will trigger it is L2..  L2+R1 does nothing nor does L2+R2… why?
Y is this on jacksepticeye's scary videos on internet Playlist? ( Just curious ).
That Weapon have only one skill on l2 on l2+r2 dont work that mofos nerfed something once again?? Im rly angry i wasted 2 hours to archieve that WEP have just single skill god dammit
Anyone know what's the music at 4:08?
As a brazilian I aways wondered, why does been kidnaped/teleported related to being send to Brazil?
Can anyone tell me that very first attack? All I hear is “getsuga tenshou” And I need it 😂
Where did you get somber +5? I could swear you do not have it in the video
Am i the only one who got like serious wabisuke vibes from that sword?
dude im having so much trouble with the godskin jump. how the hell did you do it so easily? ive been trying for like a fucking hour
What if you started out as prisoner and get a short bow to get it and Use RADAGON'S SORESEAL to get the stats needed with out lvling
So idk if it’s a bug but the weapon art doesn’t leave flames on the ground it still does the damage over time like it is but it would be nice to see the visual lol
anyone notice why is this on jacks scariest clips playlist??
um...why is this in Jack's scariest videos on the internet playlist?
So is the character supposed to look like Jetstream Sam from MGR? I ask because there wasn't a single MGR reference or music in the video.
Hi ynfah! I am nearing end of Journey 1 and haven't patched yet, looking to set up something to use before i patch to 1.03. How does this compare to Rivers of Blood AoW spam for PVE? I'm deciding which to upgrade
Im supposed to ignore everything and not die? Never played a dark soul game. This my first one 😅
This is a +9 for special weapons, but how far in upgrades can you go with normal weapons before any bosses, let's say?
wait, hold the fuck up, did ymfah made a joke about brazil? being a brazilian myself... love it 10/10
Is this weapon any good on elden beast?
I wonder how many ways ymfah can break this game
what do i go statswise actually  ?
How is the performance against final boss? Any weapon +9 would be overpowered in early game.
Lol is that a god damn battlefield 2 soundtrack?
How in the hell did you break the game twice in such little time. Dude, you need to keep quiet on some of this stuff, or the devs are gonna ruin everything by "balancing" your meme builds of doom.
Does anyone has a tip if we're caught in that Int/Faith Astrolboyloger's road, and we don't wanna reroll ? Sword of night and flame, or is there  a better alternative now ?
10:01 Bloodhound Fangs? Do you mean Bloodhound's Fang (singular) or Bloodhound Claws (plural) ? They are just decent bleed weapons, but no special skill that would be OP.
Can i do this in new game plus?
So the weapon art damage only scales off the weapon level? Or the stat scaling as well
You can also do white mask varres quest line for a +10 pokey stick
Why does your bow do so much damage? Got him half way then ran out of arrows
The weapon art wasn’t working for me? He would do the thing where he’s looking in his pockets for something but then nothing would happen  Edit: I have 11 int
Wait so is the sword of night and flame not as powerful now ?
Wait is the night and flame weapon it as strong anymore ?
Jetstream Sam is that you??
so spread it with dex/int?
what is the name of the song at 6:26?
my guess for the Cavalry boss is he's forced to teleport back to his spot, which (maybe?) reduces his hp to little to none, and since the poison is still active on him, he dies
Is this weapon better than Rivers of blood ?
Anyone got tips ok the last jump. Can’t get it to land. Anyone?  Bueller?
Can I do this with stats V 23  M 10 E 23 S 29 D 20 I 11 F 9 A 7  I CAN UPGRSDE SOME STATS BUT IM WONDERING IF MY STATS ARE ALREADY RUINED
Think you can do stranger of paradise, king?
What's the music at 4:54?
....bloodhound fang*s*? I'm guess that's a typo? Or is there more than one? I'd love to powerstance the fang.
Welp they are going to patch this huh?
Soul level 1 only vid when?
now how long before they get rid of this fun too
Doesn't that take the fun out of the game?  I am enjoying the challenge of making by the skin of my teeth.  I think I will beat the game first and then on my new game + I might give this a go.  I am glad they kept this in the game.  Some folks love going in and wrecking the place up without using cheat codes.  This is by design.  Unlike some games, they will remove the fun factor for lots of people.  Which is lame.   If someone wants to OP their character and ruin their first time playing the game.  That is up to them.  Which doesn't ruin the game for them.  Only from my point of view.
How well does this build do in pvp?
Did you challenged kuwana in elden ring or what
What's a "weapon art"? That doesn't exist.
How would you level up using that thing ? Scaling at +10 is D for Int, C for Str and B for Dex.
But does it have 2 black flames?
Is that a Gundam Iron Blooded Orphans song?
10:02 How to get Rivers of Blood earlier in the game? Is there some crazy way to get it or just progress the game?
Testing +10 weapons in Limgrave? LMAO. That weapon falls off hard Lyendell and beyond.
when pacifist walkthrough?
Memories broken, the truth goes unspoken I've even forgotten my name I don't know the season or what is the reason I'm standing here holding my blade
were you putting up just good weapons or is there a way to get onto the mountain early so you can get it?
The magic doesn't work for me? Its just the normal death hook, and I  dont know what I did wrong? @ymfah what did it do?
If you jump back down to the bridge from where you grab the +7 somber stone I think you can just walk to the grace that's in the chapel behind there can't you?
How well does this with with the gank boss of castle sol, aka commander niall? Since this is a frostbite weapon and he is weak to it.
NOOOOO WHY DID YOU UPLOAD THIS? NOW THEY'LL START NERFING IT TOO!
So will it be patched because you knew how to get stuff faster than "intended" or because they don't like people skipping the tree sentinel and coming back OP for some angry revenge?
0:48 Is that eva font?
How are you doing the bridge knight skip mine keeps resetting. I didn't have this problem before the patch
The cavalry knight poison thing still works? I tried it and he doesnt die, I had to make him jump off and die.
Will this take you through the whole game?
my goodness, i did the exact same run last night. does it mean i exploit te game? I thought  it was meant to be played that way. good video as usual keepit up!!
Question: Why skip Godskin, when you can do the Godskin cheese and get all of those runes as well?
Isn't Night and Flame still pretty OP? At 45/45 it deals around 2k to Melenia and knocks her on her ass
Hey guys, how much Endurance do I need in order to fast roll with heavy equipment?
How did you even find this song lol
wait the black night rider in dragonbarrow cheese still works? I've been trying to get it to work for so long but he just teleports on to the bridge like normal
Speaking of which, does afro stream still?
Why carry the torch?
anyone know the song at the start?
curious question, can you poison the deathrite bird?
Just an unrelated question, you still using the exploit to claim your own vid in order to get full revenue?
did you confirm in 1.03 that the knights cavalry dude still dies via the poison traps?  Done the run a few times and he just takes some poison damage...possibly i need to lead him further up the hill.
for me the beast its not there. Someone explain me plz
how much break, lol
how much break, lol
Let's see if we can get them to nerf every fun weapon uwu
why did u post this video tmr bro i wanted to watch it today
I said it last video and I'll say it again: do you want this to get patched? Because this is how you get it patched.
Dont suppose youd be able to do a cah tana op build?
did you talk with iron pinapple bc of the face of your character ;D ?
Rivers of blood is an awesome somber weapon but isn't locked by a few bosses before you can get it ?
Does this work on elden beast because its the only boss standing between me and beating this game
Hey i am Brazilian wtf was that reference kkkkkk
When's the elden ring without talking run :^)
Maybe SL1 is coming?
Can someone explain why people put caps on leveling too much, is it because they wanna pvp with low level players or does having high level makes the game difficult overall (more health and damage on enemies)
is the godskin noble freeze already got fixed on 1.03? can get free 50k souls and a grace there. Or the other alternatives is continuing the path at somber +7 to get knight resolve ash of war then turn right and follow the road till grace
how do you get rivers of blood early, im pretty sure it requires 2 demigod kills
what’s that intro song?
Is there a way to get rivers of blood early in the game?
Did they patch the Godskin Cheese?
So much work just for early OP game ??
Nice! Can that deathbird be poisoned? The isolated merchant in the northwest part of caelid sells serpent arrows that might make that part smoother.
Bruh what isn't OP in this game
Is there a good route to get regular weapons to +24?
im so confused....@ 8:43   What tower??? next to..what?  He teleports to a waypoint, then.....mythical tower appears?
can somebody explain why did he get the vigor up to 36
How fast, can you get a +10/+25 weapon in this game?
So uh  How long tell you have to make a 1.4 vid and this is nerfed?
It is a +9 weapon idk how much can be done to patch
It's good and all but how about we find some good cheese tactics for endgame
This Will be nerfed yay or Nay?
Is there a consequence after killing Greyoll(Sleeping Dragon)?
So...not to be that guy, but wouldn't basically any +5 somber weapon destroy Margit?  So its not really the weapon here, just the upgrade route.
Could you make a Vergil build early?
This weapon, the weapon's skill damage, scales with faith right?
Why do I feel that this is gonna get nerfed next patch?
Can't wait for the pacifist run with summons or consumable only I'd also be interested to see if you can optimize the max skeleton build, I know you can get three sets of skelly summons at once (spirit ashes, tibia mariner summons, rosus' axe) but there might be more?
So how long do you guys think this one will go unnerfed? At least I've had my time with this bad boy at it's peak
Any plans on how to do a rl1?
will there be Russian subtitles?
Dont u guys have stuttering issues?
Guys I’ve got a question if I’m level 30 and have a plus 9 weapon can I still invade people who are around my level or do I also need to be at a specific weapon level like dark souls 1?
You did this?  THREE OTHER YOUTUBERS UPLOADED THE SAME SHIT YESTERDAY
what is the intro song called? the one that starts by the 15 sec mark
Tutorial on how to make giga chad face ?! plz
How about  Elden Ring summoner only?
Can this cheese radahn?
Is That a motherflipping BRazil refference???? Brasileiros, uni-vos
I wonder how long it will take before they nerf this again :(
But did you get back up and PWN HIM?
I can only to the L2 attack why? If i press L2 and R1 it only to the L2 thing not the same like on the video?!?!   Fix it you need to press L2 then hit the ball
New ymfah video and it's only been 2 weeks?? Thank you Elden Ring
Bro, ymfah, when are you gonna make a Dark Souls 3 beginner's guide? Been waiting for that for a long time... Idk how to attack
Who’s the Dung Eater now?
