The daring capers you indulge in artistic stealth warrior.do you think men will be kicked out or be your helpers or work in libraries or open gates or cheer lead you. All you ladies beautiful young and something happened eventually.
This appears to be a one person tent.  I would like to know the dimensions of this. Also it might be good for children, if they could set it up.
what difference would painting it with Fabsil make to waterproof it?
Hmm.. i wonder why this is the most replayed part 6:04 😂i mean guys... she married with kids, come on... Sure.. she brings great ass-sets's 😉 in terms of content, but..no pun intended,  keep it together will you😂.
Tent is made for stealth camping in strawberry field. Maybe!?
stealth ...? you just want to get klicks  horribel  :-(
I'm only at the place where you struggled to get the pole through the black loop.. but surely you could have just taken that section off the main pole, slip it through and reattatched the section of pole to the rest once it was through the loop?
Whats a telly bug? Something like a doodle bug?
Hi Claire, have you ever tried those instant tents? I used mine when I did my road trip to Yellowstone National Park. I loved my tent. It goes up in minutes, wind proof and rain resistant. I always valued your opinion.
Why don't you have "Super Thanks" or "JOIN" buttons?  Are you already wealthy?  I really enjoy your videos.
Claire,   As I have said I love your accent.   May I ask where its from?  I love your videos and your honesty 	acknowledging your limitations.  Thank you.
Why the need to be stealthy? Are you not allowed to camp anywhere in the wild in the UK?
Love the content Claire, which part of the UK are you from btw ?
I enjoy your movies very much. But I have a question......is it illegal to camp there?
Great video Claire. I was wondering if you found the red colour affected your vision in any way? The red looked very powerful as the light shined through the tent material. I have a blue/grey tent which I find doesn't hurt my eyes as much compared to when I sit in my friends green tent for example.
Chocolate Pudding you said?  That looked an awful lot like a brownie yeah? I'm from the US, so Clair what do you call a brownie in your lands?
is that the waterproof tent from argos ???
Great video. Can you tell the weight of ypur Vango pillow ? Looks really comfy
Hi, are you going to do a video on foraging in the wild?? 🤔
"Stealth" camping?
Why don't they put these videos in chronological order?
What area of the country do you camp in?  Are you in different locations?  Lake District? Peaks? South West? Wales?  Do you walk far from your car to get there?  I Moto camp, so either camp sites, or Scotland, because the bike is too obvious.
What happens if she gets caught?
Great video as always how do you overcome the fear of camping alone?
Which color should one pick for stealth camping? Of course red!
Where in the South you from London ?
Why her want to be stealth from other people? It is not a Wild West...
Dumb question… what’s the issue with being seen?
I’m wondering if this is a single tent for baby Satan?
Maybe good for the summer?
What about 20 cents tent, 2 ounces only? Heavy duty garbage bag, and you can easily regulate moisture by making holes.
Do you genuinely do all these camps solo?
Why didn't you collect a load of dead bracken / ferns BEFORE you started erecting the tent, then build a large hollow rectangular wall larger than the tent..erecting the tent inside. THEN cover the top of the tent with bracken when erected ? Meaning very little chance of it being seen
Another amazing video! Is that the firemaple lantern, I've been looking to replace my campingaz one, I love the glow and the noise (reminds me family camping holidays in France), but struggling to find to find many that use the same cylinder as the Jetboils
Someone please explain the UK obsession with so called stealth camping!!!??? I can camp anywhere I want on USA Federal land. (Almost anywhere)
Why does it matter if somebody sees you?
Only watched a couple of your videos ... they're so silly! Do you camp in city parks pretending to be in the wild then spend all your time worried about being spotted? And ... are you called Bear(e) because of all that hug amount of brown cuddly hair?
Stealth camping is just camping on illegal property?  I don't get it
What kind of tape do you recommend for a  teared hole in a tent?
Can I ask ,the location is it for privacy or safety, or just to get away from anybody? Thanks mike enjoy and be careful.
Who on earth makes a bright red tent?! Is it for beach use?
Hi Claire, I was just wondering if you have ever had some scary experiences while camping in the woods? My own frightening experience was when I had deers outside my tent, in the middle of the night. It was terrifying 😁 Thanks for the video.
So in Europe or England is there rules against camping around where you are?
OK here’s the thing…….. How can a Bright RED Tent be stealth Camping, The whole idea is staying undetected…… Duh 🙄
21 pound ? that is awful heavy. :)
You make a cheap tent look good.   Do you think that was meant to be a children's tent?   Thanks for the video.   Hope you are doing well and have a great week.  Best wishes.
Super stealth camp not - did the tent come with a flag? Glad you stayed dry though! 😂
have you been hiking at mallorca in 2021? me and my friends gave a lift for a hiker who looks like you :D
Why do you have to stealth camp in the middle of a forest? Are you on private or tribal, federal land?
This is low internet… note the innuendo of Beare ..getting beare naked in the wild , while copying other (usual male) content creators content…also , notice the generic hashtag list..what’s next? Beare van life?
What's the point of stealth camping? I'll just drive an extra 45 mins and not feel like an idiot camping in some random park with tons of people walking around that wasn't meant for camping.
Im 190cm. Would I fit in that?
Wanting an authentic cheap tent experience so no tarp so how come you included the bit you bag  not really true cheap tent is it Claire
Why are you so obsessed with not “being seen” ? Then posting on YT?
Why are you so scared of being seen?
Stealth camping in a RED tent?
Hi Claire out of 10 how do you rate the tent and are you planning on using it again
Where is your accent from?
What was your thinking that led to you wanting to camp in a cheap red tent?
How is this thing so LOUD!?😂 even the baggy for the poles sounded loud haha. LOVE YOUR CHANNEL❤
Hi! What do you think of Osprey backpacks?
Claire, you do know that stealth is defined as a cautious, unobtrusive, and secretive way of moving or proceeding intended to avoid detection. Camping in a bright red tent is not stealthy...
Wondering if it was a kids tent since it was so small
Thanks for the video…you always find great places to pitch…stay safe !! ( the green leaves 🍃 with the pointy corners) do you know what they are ….
