How normal is it to put lobster in a coconut?
One up a classic grilled cheese. I don't know how just make the classic grilled cheese like really really fancy. I don't know if this makes sense just one up the classic grilled cheese
Which do you think is better, Atlantic or Pacific lobster?
How are you not 300 lbs?  Are you in the gym every minute you're not do vids
What is simple about that?
am i the only one that thought that was a scorpion at first?
i really like ur content but hopefully tell what can we exchange alcoholic things like wine with non alcoholic food with the same taste and quality cause i am Muslim and sure there are many muslims who support you😊❤️
I wonder if he ever stopped trying to impress Gordon ramsay
I don't know about the grilled cheese and coconut milk/oil
Your making me hungry dude can i book you for 1 Dollar and you make that for me?
What bread is that?
Are you from Boston? Or where are you getting fresh Boston lobstahs?
Can you make some Indian dishes like Pork or Beef Sorpotel/Sarpatel Or Bengali Shrimps In Coconut ?
Idk what was hotter the food or the guy himself 😳
Did you know that there is Evan meat in the legs?
Y'all not talking about how he snapped the life out of those lobsters?
Boston lobster?  Those are Maine lobsters. I’ve never heard of a Boston lobster 🤣
You're not supposed to make your bread thick when you're making a grilled cheeseoh so adamor cheese what is a grilled cheese without cheese also cover the top this will melt the butter and make it more delicious sorry I am very strict with my grilled cheese
Wait your supposed to take the shell off?
Was that lobster bisque, it looks so good, I told my family that we should try making this for dinner some day, the plain things just don't cut it anymore
Why does he pronounce herbs like erbs
What did this monster do the coconut
Is it just me, or does ‘lobster broth’ sound like a drug?
Is it normal to taste and smell a video
When will cooks realize that PARMESAN DOESNT BELONG ON A GRILLED CHEESE
Who the heck just has a coconut layin’ around?
what have you done 🤢🤢
Is he that rich to buy so much expensive food?
WHY DO YOU CALL IT ERBS ITS HERBS
Yo why that coconut brown tho
Does lobster taste the same as shrimps? Cause sadly I’m allergic to shrimps
No heavy cream in a bisque? I’m so intrigued! Wish I was good enough in the kitchen to try this out for myself. Looks sooo good!
where’s the grilled cheese
What is the best from cheese?  The taste its only salt
Lobster in a grilled cheese, I’m just confused 🤔
That is so random, a grill cheese with a Lobster, coconut water and lobster in a coconut husk
Why do I always wach his videos when I'm hungry
Why do you talk like that?
Can U Teach me How to cook a Lobster That Fast Should I Snap My finger!!
Why serve this in a coconut?
Epic, what’s the song too?
How to ruin a lobster
You make seal dishes?
Why do i find ”lobster X cheese” funny?
What did that lobster ever do to you
Why do I hear the grubhub ad in the background at certain points
I hope you didn't cook them with the bands on....?
Cheese pull? This guy is the real deal
What happened to the meat
why
When did TikTok become master chef
I wonder if he removed the poop sack they have
How stupid is hammering a coconut? Just use a freaking bolo or mini axe jeez😪
What did the poor coconut did to you to deserve that?
Why can’t you just make normal dishes not Cinnamon Toast Crunch Wellington just simple ole dishes
Did this dude really just add in the sound of the spatula grazing the crust??
Not sure how I feel about the coconut bowl... looks good though!
What happened to cooking it on Apple Wood "low and slowwww"?
Wait...what did he just do with coconut
Can you say low and slow for me?
I'm noticing a distinct lack of cheddar but I don't know if thatll go well with lobster
Where's the apple wood?
This isn't Max, where's the apple wood?
I don’t understand... why the coconut though?!
Anyone think Gordan Ramsey will mad at this recipe?
How to destroy fresh lobster pt 1
Great content Side note: Doesn't he look like joshua Jackson?!
Hey can you add all of your vids ingredients in the desc i really wanna make one easily if i see the ingredients
Ill also comment this on ur tik tok how do you make your Alfredo pasta?? (its my fav meal)
