Thank you to Kamikoto for sponsoring today's video! Go to https://kamikoto.com/WD50 to save $50 on your order!   How much do you think this RX-7 will be worth once it's fixed up again?!
very nice guys love jdm cars one question after this beautiful work is this old guy gona leave it again to go to waist its sad how people cant appreciate cars
How about that 1st gen
Did you start that thing after 25 years of sitting or did you change the oil first? You need to talk about these things
Day 1 Of Asking How Much Money Have You Found In Cars In Total?
All staged, I see. Why doing this?
If you don't want to drive fast, why would you buy an RX7??😅
Who abandoned an R-X7??? 🤔🤬
The owner's explanation that he drove it at 140 mph, got scared and never drove it again, defies logic. Was he drink/stoned? And is the freshly detailed car being returned to that hideous fire-trap of a garage? I sure hope not.
Did it drive? Did you replace the engine? lol. So many unanswered questions
Got scared of the car?
why did you remove the rear badge for the spitzer? was it a shortfall in thinking or did you swap out the car with a different one. you are detailers without attention to detail.
Blue ‘81 next to it!?!?!?!
Bru why do yall wear such tight skinny jeans
140mph , gets scared of car and parks it for 23 years? Maybe don't drive 140😂 Nice job on the detailing.... it's fun going back to older videos and watching you guys evolve! 👍🏼
What is the last product that you spray on and wipe off?
what's the infatuation with washing cars on video doesn't come across like in real life
Dumb question, is this a Mazda?
Adding to the value? Does that include the change in the trunk?😅😊
is that an rx7 Savanna next to it??
How did you find this, and how much did it cost? Thank you.
So ypur finger is to big to polish? I am saying the grinding stone is no different than your finger in the micro cloth no?
What kind of polish did you use? What is recommended for black paint?
Did y'all try and the blue one on the right
I was wondering, what did you clean the engine bay with? Thanks in advance
Where are you guys at I'm in streetsboro
What'd this sell for?
Does he want to sell it?
I would love to know if the other RX7 is for sale 🙏🏽🙏🏽
I wonder if this guy still has this car or if he sold it.  If you guys know if he's selling it, please let me know lol
How a person buys a sweet car and then puts it in a garage for 25 years to become a home for mice and rust is BEYOND me - why???? They are horrible stewards of what they own.
Scared of the speed ??? I mean it was pretty quick,  but it has to be another reason the owner parked it.
How do you find cars like this?
Where do you find these cars in the barn? How do you even find these barn?
Do you guys apply any sort of liquid like Armor All to the vinyl/.leather of the interior ?  Treat blog👍
did you sell this car?
Just curious why you didn't clean the rust off the rotors?
"Scared of the car"? Did the owner not realize he didn't HAVE to go 140 MPH?
Why did mouses die in the car?
Now that looks brand new. What is it worth?.
Hey, whats the deep house music between 8:00 and 10:10? Anyone knows?
Where at in northeast Ohio are you guys??
Do you guys have another channel where you fix up these cars?  That would be awesome if your cleaning videos were the first part and the repairs were the 2nd part 😀
what kind of steam washer do you use?
Doesn’t washing the car’s engine with pressure and water destroy the electrical, and electronic components?? 😳
so you are cleaning the engine bay with a pressure washer? I know thats typically a huge no no, is it different because of the rx7 rotary engine?  just an honest question
Did the owner keep this beauty, or did he sell it? Fantastic car and great job bringing it back to better than new.
And the mitsubishi?
Question: isn't the rubber on the tire very old and therefore likely to tear? Wouldn't you rather replace them?
What do you reckon the value in this roughly? 50k
Any update? Did they sell it? If so, how much? Great work!!
restoration or car wash?
I'm curious did the owner get it running? And did he keep it or sell
Why did you power wash the entire engine? It's an old car, I hope that didn't rust connectors or water got through seals!
How old were the tires?  Supposed to take them out of service after ten years regardless of tread depth, right?
Music name at 4:30?
Y'all do it for free? Wtf.. How do you grow the channel and work then  Deserve more than that guys!
where's it gonna be sold?!
On the barrel side of the wheel, how bout a Mr. clean scrub pad? I want to try that on my Icon wheels on my 4Runner
ive seen that dealership badge before, are u guys in ohio?
how can you leave the brake rotors like that??
How much did the restoration cost you?
What’s the song that plays at 14.21
4:37 background music name?
No damage? you should look under the carpet, that material in glove box and other places deff came from somewhere within the car.
How much yall pay the old man? Hope yall ain't screw him over
What about its 1st Gen. Rx7 brother to the right?? What about that one?? No love?
Do you use a regular brush when adding soap or is it a special brush?
I’m going crazy here for this answer.What’s the reason even the low mileage ones are always missing the battery cover??Mine had 52,000 but still had its cover compared to ever other one I have seen
Did the original owner keep the car or sell it after this amazing clean-up ?
whats the name of the stand you used to individually clean each tire and wheel?
Love the video guys but I do have a question. Why did you not restore the early 80s RX7 sitting right next to this much newer car? I went back-and-forth to swim practice in high school, in 1986, with a girl who drove that exact model old school RX-7. It was a great little car.
great job detailing but does the car run?
Anyone else feel like once a dead animal rotted somewhere, you could clean it 100 times and it still would give off that rotten death feeling? lol.
Not sure why they wouldn't do before and after video footage?!?! 🤷🏼🤷🏼🤷🏼 Either way, at any rate, job well done!
Curious what chemical you used when cleaning the wheel well area and the suspension? Was it just car wash soap? Also what about the areas where their were mice, particularly the interior? Do you do anything to disinfect and sanitize the interior since there germs from the mice?
Why clean all the wheels and tyres, stick them back on for all the dirt of the car to cover them again.....? Great video..👍👍👍👍
For free!! How you guys make a living? Enjoy watching you all work, smiles.
Awesome video and car!   I noticed y’all never cover the alternator when washing the engine bay. I’ve always been told to cover it but it seems like there’s no need as long as you’re not pouring a bucket of water directly on it..?
Roughly, how much would a detailing like this cost? Great job!
he got scared of his car? maybe just don’t drive 140mph?😂
I'm no expert, but I find the detailing hand brush so inefficient it is so small- surely a larger brush would be more ergonomic and also more effective and a bit quicker? Genuine question!
how can ppl just leave a car like that ? this is not the first time i see this on internet, i mean even if u are rich, just sell it, dont have time ? ask someone to sell it or give it away, i don't know, just feels so wrong to leave it like that.
Is it fd or nah?
For the price of the Kamikoto knives do they come with a chef?🔪🗡 Just kidding love my Chicago cutlery which I have been using for over 50 years I'm happy with them But it wont stop me from you WD boys!
The owner parked it because it scared him at 140 mph? Makes no sense. Drive slower or sell it.
Are you supposed to wash the engine bay? I thought that would break the car?
26:39 what if I drive up and hang out with family in Galion for a couple weeks? Would that count? 😂 love your channel and what you do!
is this europe fd?
17:41 is that USB port???
Are those googly eyes on the carpet extractor?  This car came out amazing good work! Y’all have came a long way! I’ve been subscribed since the beginning
I feel like asking 200k USD for that car is probably reasonable
Amazing work! Love the final outcome! What product do you use to clean the engine? Thanks
Why is this so relaxing to watch? 🤔
I don’t understand people buy these car and neglected. Maybe it’s just at first buy because wantto do crazy shit then time and situation dosent allowed and these car kept and forgotten.
lol, what kind of pussy is scared of a 255hp car??? A 2023 Toyota Camry would smoke that RX-7
Why didn’t you guys start it or drive it? I love when you guys do that.
What kind of cleaner do yall use that foams up so much like the one on the doors and center console ? I like to have my vehicles cleaned but i cant ever get it this cleaned.
sorry, is this legit? because from what I see thats not look like a car that parked and abandoned for many many years, let alone 23 years. especially from the tyres, which they still use the original tyres and not chaged it with the new ones.
Is it for sale?
Did this end up selling? How much?
cant you just use a dremel in those really tight areas to polish? they offer tiny polishing pads for them. also variable RPM.
With cars that are caked in dust/dirt, can power washing act as sand-blasting in a way?  Might it be better for the paint to use a blower to get the majority of that off first?  I've wondered about that.
Does this Mazda have the Wankle engine? Were you able to get rid of mouse smell completely? How much will you sell it for?
So my 22 ford bronco still had the new car smell until 14000 miles. Even though this car sat for 20 some years did it still have a new car smell to it? I've smelled other really old cars with low miles that still had the new car smell.
8months later, still reading every comment we leave?
How much?! Mazda might even take that off your hands.
What’s up with the spitzer badge. Somewhere in Ohio
Love the car lift. Where did you get it?
Is this car end up going up for sale? If so, I would like to know how much if someone hasn’t got it yet
Am I the only one who is wondering why the 80's model RX7 that was in the garage isn't getting any attention? That is automotive history.
Years later, you find the car and leave the original tires? Do you even know the rule of four in the US? I doubt it.
did he end up keeping the car or selling it ?
Don’t really know cars so don’t judge. What’s the difference between the Mazda RX-7 and this? Different badges? What makes this so special? Genuinely curious.
Being picky unless I missed it…… did you raise the headlights an clean them 🤔.  …..great job as always though😎👌🏼
How Did bro got scared
Question.  How do you guys find these awesome cars? Do you just advertise you bring bavk to life old vehicles? Killer job
Why was bro scared
How did the engine, gas, and other operating mechanisms respond to sitting idle for that many years?
What foam do you use inside the car? Also what steam cleaner ? I want a plug in one
Is it okay to wash the engine compartment? Will it break?
Great video, liked and subbed.   Sorry to bother you with a question, my brother recently bought a eurovan camper, it came with a strong dirty dog smell every time we turn the ac on. We cant get rid of the smell, no matter what we try. What advice you can give us to get rid of the smell?
I wonder what happened to this car? Where is it now?
How do you market to get these type of details? I’ve been wanting to deep clean a vehicle like this so bad but I don’t know how to get the clients
How do you find stuff like this?
Went 140, then got scared of it? Weren't YOU DRIVING? CarS guy. Probably one of those sold it for $1,000 B to the S stories too.
Hang on, ammo in the car, was on the highway and driver got scared then parked it for 23 years? I know a crime vehicle when I see one. Seems like a roadrage car and they hid it after the incident.
As a former detailer I Iove your show - keep the videos coming!  Just a question - I noticed that the dirt from your work seems to disappear into the workshop floor covering - very convenient!  I'm interested to know what kind of cover you have, and whether I could get some for my own floor in Australia.
I would hope he didn't just put it back in that garage with clean for a new wave of rats to invade??? Nice work btw
how fake do you want it?   Yes all of it.
U got 5 million views for washing and detailing an old car? 😮😅
The tires didn't dry rot ? Wow
No work on engine, oil, filters. Just cleanup. Why you didn't do everything?
8000 miles? wow, it's probably only had three or four oil changes.
How much does this service cost?
From Start to finish how long does this take ?
no dry rot after 23 years in a barn???????this seems suspicious...I've seen a lot of so called "barn finds" but something is off about this whole video...
What about the older rx7??????
Why is that logo  different from the regular Mazda logo?
Aren't these worth a small fortune now???
Why does every loser with a random job think people care and want to watch you work. Just go do your job and leave the camera bnehind
I see that no one knows if it runs or not... Lol... It's a rotary and everyone knows they can't sit for too long or they're a PITA to start 😭
Looks like a Spitzer badge on the back. Was this found in Ohio? I’m in Mansfield and thought I recognized that dealer’s badge
How much did you pay for the car?
Why? They were pieces of shit when they were brand new and they they're still pieces of shit. What a waste of energy and time.
Great detail.  How hard would it be to remove the rust on the disk brakes?
Curious about the tires, were they still good to use? It looks like you cleaned it.
where are y'all located and can hire yall lol 😢
wait. please tell me youre not using 24 year old tires........
Haven’t the tires gotten bad over the years?
Tyres from 1999? Not even if you put 10 million cash on the line
Curious to know the year of manufacture on the tyres.
what about the fucking disk break
where in Ohio was this found?
Why not steaming the glove box?
What happened to the other RX7
any1 know the title of the song at 2min 49s?? 🙏🏽🙏🏽
How much would a work like this cost?
what paint protection did you use
Got to 140 and retired the car because he was scared.... how about don't drive 140... hope he sells
Was that a gun holster in the dash and a noose in the trunk?
What’s the price of this car and what’s your price for the detailing  stay relevant?
Do you know anyone that does what you do in NYC?
Did you guys use any covers before washing the engine? I thought you should remove the battery and cover fuse boxes etc
Wait what happened to the car??? Lol you guys did a great job. Keep up the great work!
I always wonder what happens to the mechanical side of the cars? Brakes, bushings, suspension and all that?
anyone knows what is the name of the spray used in 4:08?
What about the older blue rx7!!!!
Is that true that the car was not able to turn on?  I mean, been abandoned for so many years I don’t see how the engine could survive
How did you clean the rust of the brake discs? I just got mine replaced and they're already rusty..
23 years just sitting around, and that's how it looked ? come...on....was there 0% humidity and never a change in temperature ? Why did the mouse/rat just die and dry out on top of the engine block ? Makes no sense at all.
who does that?? he got scared of driving it, so he just let it sit??
Why not pull the carpet, God knows what's under that.
Looks great but if it doesn't run it's going to want doing again after it's fixed
why is that when i see someone using a brush for washing the interior it feels like they are trying to be extra? I understand why its being used, just my reaction everytime lol
I need to know what vacuum you’re using please
So your just cleaning it? So the title of a found car is completely false then, isn't it?? Owner asked/hired you to clear car? Video of cleaning car??
23 years and you do not change the tyres?
which kind of liquid do u have to clean in side the car interior can u plz teel me the name
the mice stayed there for 20+ years without rotting? omg that car is a pyramid
Why did you not cover the alternator???
The story was weird... drove it at 140 MPH and got scared so he just left it in the garage?
Is there another video where you go through the mechanicals and maybe start the motor?
How can the car be running after 24 years in a garage without even swapping the battery for a new one. An old battery that sat for 24 years will be dead and unable to hold any kind of charge. I call bs.
Could you do a video series where you clean my car every month for free so I don't need to bother doing anything
I don't get it. What's with the rusty brakes?
What about the headlights😮
Do things smelling like mouse piss and shit really up the value tho? Fuck having something that nasty
Why do all the cars on this channel have exactly the same amount of dirt/dust on them?
How much you want for it
That paintwork doesn't look like the paintwork of an 8000 mile car. I'd be very suspicious of the milage, although it is a good clean example.
What year is the car?
How many hours did this take
25 year old tires?
I don't understand  if the  car scared  him why didn't he just sell the car   instead of just letting   it sit now who  ever buys it is probably  gonna   replace the seals to the engine    if he  decides to sell it
Why in America do they not use snow foam as a pre wash ? Whole point in snow foam is to take off most of the dirt as a contactless wash, in European detailing scene anyway
Beautiful vehicle.  Is the vehicle still available?
Where did you get your brushes?
Are you doing this for the current owner or did you buy this?
is the owner selling this car? please send me a message. thank you.
Hi, would you or anyone be able to provide the names of the songs used in this video. Particularly the first one. Thank you!
What type of pads are you useing on your buffer , for black finishes
How did this guy get scared😂
what i want to know is how or what the owner used that the mice ended up all dead and decomposed.
No concerns about moisture getting into the trunk lid with the spoiler removed?
How much did you pay for the car?
How much does a master detail like this cost
What brand of polish paste you used?😊
You didn't change the tires?  Changing all of the fluids,rubber and the battery should have been the first things done - even before the wash.
Nice video. Question: is it good to use the current tires from 23 years ago? Or is it necessary to replace them?
Wonder what the owner has done with the car?
how s the tire still in a v good condition
Who made the brisket? Lincoln Riley??
What is the name of the music playing in the background after minute 7:00
this is just a wild guess i dont know how much rx7's are worth but id say in my eyes being pretty much brand new with only 8k miles on it id sell it for like 30k?
Is the car for sale?
Am I a joke to you ?   Awesome find, had a red one myself back in the early 00’s 🤙🏻
May i ask how can you afford to do this for free?
I think you did a very Good Job in This Carr but  I have a Question  ... What kind of Protection did you used for the Paint  ??? 🤔🤔🤔
Surely the tyres and rubber seals will be useless after so long in disuse. Most bearing would be suspect as well. I did a car that had stood for 5 years and I had to change all the seals, rubbers,shocks etc the engine had to have all the gaskets,seals bearings and rings, bearing an rx8 I’m sure the compression seals would be shot
Where did you find that flooring? , first time watching one of your videos.
How does it run? Everything work? Oil leaks? How about boot belts and bushings?
You guys do this _for free_ ??
does anyone know what's the other car in the garage ?
Why are they Always in Ohio? Never have I ever found any?
Are those tires really 23 years old and not dry cracked?????
Why the other RX7 was not detailed? Or is this it kept for another video? I feel sad for all cars that get dumped in garages or barns…
What part of Ohio are you located
Hello!!    What happened to the rx 7 Blue??  That is one of my favorite styles, I would like to see a video of the restored Blue rx7, which is next to the black one, when they open the Garage!    That black rx7 was beautiful!  Good job!  💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Hello I just want to know how to get that other blue Mazda Rx7 that was in that garage 🙏🏽 please I’m from New Jersey …
Is rubber that old safe to drive on?
What is y'all's favorite color to work with and is the most satisfying at the end.. I see y'all put the same effort in on everything but was just wondering
Why do they always find dead mice in cars that are left for years?
It looks outstanding, you guys did a great job!   It's been sitting for so long... Does it run? I know that isn't your area, but I was hoping to see that part of the revival as well!
What's the other car parked in the garage? You're not cleaning just one car only for the old man right?
is this car for sale
How did that much stuff (the receipts and paperwork) get under the seats in only 8k miles.  wild.  If I bought a brand new vehicle and it only had 8k miles there would be a single piece of trash in the vehicle at all and all paper work would be in the glove box
Where can I get that cradle for cleaning the wheels and tires? I need one
How do you do this for free?!? It’s so many hours of work!
How do you get barn finds. Like do people just give them to you or do you just go to abandoned garages and find cars there? Because I’m tryna find something cool like this. 🤔
What would you charge for this level of detailing?
Are you going to sell it? I would love to buy the RX7
how tf do you abandon an RX-7??????????????
What product do you spray on to clean cars?
Bro, is it OK to wash engine parts with water? Does it make any damage?
All that work, and its still just a Mazda.
Are there DOT numbers o. The tires? If so, what are they?
Is it ok to pressurize the engine and other electronic parts of the car? after you wash its components, is there any short circuit that happened after you try to start the car?
One other question you cleaned in the bay and didn't cover anything I was always told that it would mess up alternator is that a myth?
Did you just used steam to remove the baged?
It's that alternator still working? 🤔
Amazing work!!!!  What does this level of detail cost ?  I didn’t know that much work could or would be possible. Thanks for the excellent video 👊🏻
How was this car tagged in 1999 when the car wasn't produced yet ?
11:04 is this seriously ok???????????i always wanted to try but i'm scared to do it lolol🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Whats up with first gen
how do you find these garage finds??
Probably shouldn't pressure wash the engine bay of an old car. Water will get in the relays and computer box and potentially the throttle body or Mass air flow sensor
why did u take the spirit r badge
Are those 20yr old tires safe to drive on?
How come nothing happens to the electronic components in the engine after that power pressure wash ?
What happened to the 80s rx7  on the right..
Dawg how TF y'all let a working rx7 get that dirty
Why would someone get scared of a car at a 140 they knew what to be expected when they was doing it, scared him so bad he never drove it again 😆😆😆yea right.
how much would a detailing job like this cost?
How much did you get it for
I’d say around 50K??
How much does a deep clean like that cost roughly
I don’t understand how you can afford to do these details for free? That’s a lot of time and production for $0.
Is it for sale 🤔 👀?
Tyre also 23 years old still can used?🤣🤣🤣🤣
This is a high 5 or low 6 figure car I think
What's the cost on a detail like that? Curious. Thanks
What is a barn find? And also, how legal is to pick a car out of it 🤔
For free? Wtf I’m in California 🙁
what do you guys used for the decontamination spray?
How do I contact regarding a car that would be great to restore? My wife’s dad past away a few years ago and one of the few things they have left of him is his 1994 single cab Tacoma. It’s been sitting for nearly a decade and I know it would be such a gift to give my mother in law to see it shined back to hits former glory! Help me out WD Detailing!
Did u check the dates on the coins  also could have been also valuable
Where is the car sound?
Amazing job! How mutch time to do this? How mutch cost?
All that and you left the RUST on the ROTORS?!?! 🤷‍♂
What the best way to clean the seats of a 2006 f150 king ranch?
Did this have the winkle rotary engine in it?
why didn't he sell the car to someone who's not afraid to drive it? how much would this exact restoration cost?
How did y’all polish? Like what did y’all use and the steps?
what kind of jack is that?
What do you use to get the mouse urine smell out?
Amazing to find the car. But just one question why not take the tires of the rims? Wouldn’t Detailing just the rim be easier? The rubber is dead after that long
Why did you show end of Rx7 at the knife advert? I didn't want to watch anymore. All of the suprise has been gone
Quick question for You.  Were these cars offered with an automatic transmission???
The brakerotors?
How much do you want for the car?
Hey I live in Cincinnati Ohio wonder how much would you guys charge to deep clean my front and back seats
So how much is it worth?
Is it a 1994 R2 twin turbo?
Any recommendations on a good interior steamer/cleaner machine? Looking to clean up my car but not sure what to get that won’t ruin the material. Awesome video!
If I remember correctly, this had a Vankil Rotary Engine
Whom do these barns belong too? How do these peoples go and open them? Are they confiscated?
Did you spray the insides with Lysol or some strong disinfectant? Gross on the dead mice. Yuck.
This is an amazing car and transformation. But the back story… how about the previous owner not drive 140 mph and be scared of the car!
Wash the engine with the battery?
Where the hell would the mice get in? Wheres the entry point?
Is it possible to get a list of tools and cleaners you used?  That mf really clean!!!!
How do you find people that have cars like this???
What about the order RX7 🤔
You guys work for free??!! How come????
Can we get a owner reaction ?
The backstory doesn't seem believable at all. Who buys a Mazda Rx7 drive it fast once then dump it for decades?
Hola, what's about the other Rx-7 beside that one you gets, light blue , let's me know , Gbls men
How you can use a 23 old tyre and clean it up???
I dont know much about washing the engine on cars especially with the wires and everything but isnt it possible to cause water damage to the engine? Again I have no clue just want some clarifaction on this so I know the facts , am interested in washing the engine of my car but scared to
Washing engine area with water ?? Goodl luck to next owner....
How long did it take to get detailed?
Um....what about the other RX-7 that was in the garage? That one would be great to see done.
How many man hours did this take?? Amazing!!
Who else is here from the Tiktok
7:15 what the fuck did they do to that poor meat
Who buys an RX-7 and gets afraid of it?
How do yall find these cars and the people who have them. I do detailing in Texas and I'd love detail cars like this.
How is it that all 4 tires weren’t flat? There’s no way they would hold air if they did air them up. They would be cracked and weathered. Oh well.
What that blower u use for interior?
How is the rubber on the tires still hood though
How did you find out about the RX-7  and how much did you guys buy it for it
R2 Package with 8800 Miles?! Those Average at $46k when there is no Damage from Standing around for that long, this one can easily go 50-70k+
Great find and beautiful car. What was the foam spray tool you had? Looks pretty handy, I want one!
Hi great work ! Do you sell the car? Contact me. Thanks.
Why can't I find something like this?  But seriously..  Are you sure it's not hot?  Are you sure you can get a title?
So if going 140 scares you, um, maybe don't go 140??  Also, taking off the dealer advertising made my day.  I HATE those, especially if they're on the paint!
What happened with the Rx7 FB that was sitting in the garage next to it?
Is that car for sale?
How in the hell does a car with under 10k miles, 1 owner, have all that trash under the seats and under the spare? Anyway,  generator work, awesome video,  thanks for making it, and congratulations on all your successes.
What about the topside of the glove box, or did I miss it? ,If so I apologise
Is that a Toyota or Pontiac
At the side I think there is a mk3 supra parked?
I noticed the Gen1 RX-7 in that garage too. What's up with that? This FD is beautiful! Awesome detail guys!
i wonder if the rx7 is 23 yrs old and not use in 23 yrs... so why keeping the tire? it must be replace just for the road safety...
55k?? Some one with too much money will probably pay 100k
are we just ignoring the other car next to it
Is nobody going to talk about the blue RX7 next to it??
Beautiful car!  How much does a detailing job like this one go for?  $1000?  And, I wish I could find some close to me that could do as good of a job.
Dude how did you get the mouse smell out? Was it all in the extractor? I know we don’t have smell-a-vision but that many dead mice it had to smell bad.
What is the floor for your studio??
What about the  z car next to it in the garage?
Why did companies stop making the spares look better then the actual wheel😂
What y’all use to clean interior (seats) ?
tyre not flat  ??????????????    that old tyre can still use ????????????
Is that a yellow spare tire
its a basically a new car nice find.. what did you guys pay for it?
I don't know if I'll buy the "owner drove it so fast he parked it and there it sat for 25 year" story
what about the classic rx7 beside that what happened to it?
the tires held up after 23 years?
How much you guy wanna sale the car for cause I wanna buy for my son.. I live in California
A 27 year old can’t possibly fathom what this car is.
what's the story on finding this car?
Imagine how good it would look doing a burnout... or... just moving?
Great car u must have good drainage for all the water on floor.does it ever get moldy in there with that nice flooring?? Just curious 😉
why the emblem is not mazda? what type of FD this is? someone pls explain
Lol how do you go out and drive it hard on the freeway and then get scared of it so much that you park it and never touch it again for over 2 decades
Wondering if you kept the 23 + years old tires? Are they still road worthy?
What is the white spray you are using on everything?
These detailing videos are so satisfying but all I’m thinking about while watching is - where does all that water go?  Does the sheet rock on the walls mildew?  If I broke out my power washer INSIDE MY GARAGE it would cause uncountable problems.  Sure there’s probably a floor drain - but still…. Soap would be flying 20 feet in all directions
I often see signs indicate "DO NOT SPRAY" in the engine chamber ,so it is okey to wash it with gentler water?
Mouse feces and urine can be toxic and contain many pathogens and viruses. Use steam. Also why are you using such a tiny detailing brush for large surface areas?
Scared of it? LMAOOOO
didn't see but did you drain and replace all the fluids? check tank for rust? seems like all fluids would need changed after 23 yrs of sitting.
how does the metal parts of the car not rust when you clean it?
Why has no one mentioned the apex seals in the rotors going bad from siting for so long, I would def be careful with starting that motor. Beautiful detail though.
Ummmmmmmmmmm, you put new tires on it, right??????? Wouldn't want to do 140 on tires that old..
So how old were those tires ?
Japanese steel is the best? lmfao They are best fabricating paper works, that's all! People forget so easily about the Japanese lies!
FFS...can you cram anymore ads into this? Probably not. Bye.
Any word on what his plans are for the car now?
What did you guys do with the fb next to it??
Do you know if it's for sale?
Question with you spraying in the engine does that damage anything?
Want to sell that holster that was in the glove box?
Got scared after driving 140, and never drove it again? Just drive normal then, 🤷
What's the instrumental song at the end ?
what about the other light blue RX7?
The Mazda you cleaned first what’s the real name of the car?
Has this car been sold  yet
Is this a pretty current video? This is very similar to the FD Tommy Farrell, or TommyFYeah had, similar low mileage, pristine condition etc.. But he did mod his and sale it and his was around a year ago if I'm not mistaken. Either way, awesome example of the car.
What year was this car?
First rule of keeping a black car clean? Don't buy a black car.  I know, a Dad joke.  Nice detail.  Fun to watch.
Ya do all this for FREE?? Wow that’s amazing im sure the owner tipped you really good i hope. You brung that bad boy back to life so awesome and satisfying to watch…♥️🙏🏽
What’s the whole story on this car how did you find it and did you just help the original owner clean and sell it???
what about the FB on the other side of it?
❤picture perfect rx7 is it forced induction? Great job detailing. I would pay 3 million dollars just my guess?
Does it have the viper alarm system
story don't add up scared? like sell the car give it to family like who just says I got scared so I parked my car..
how tf can u buy a car that goes fast and then actually go fast then get scared and not ever drive it. what a pansy
How much wood you charge for a clean like this ? Great job
Hi, I was wondering about cleaning engine bays, I thought you had to cover some stuff like the alternator, is that not something I need to worry about ?
What spray do u use to get the dirt of the car
there's a another car in beside it is there any video coming on it
Do you guys do crime scene cleanup side jobs?? I've got some work coming up for you? I've gotta get rid of an annoyance.
Question: how come the tire aren’t punctured after 23 years? Air pressure looks perfect in all tires. 🤣
Was this car found somewhere in the western Pennsylvania region? There is an Acura dealer in my town Spitzer Acura that used to put the same exact dealer logo on the back  of the cars they sold. It looks identical to the logos they used in the 90’s and they have been around for a long long time. Not sure if they ever had a Mazda store though.
Is anyone else beginning to doubt all these BARN FINDS videos?   This one may not be fake, but 'I'll beef hooked' if more than 50% of them are real. They all look perfectly petina'd.  How hard can it be to make a car look like it's been sitting for years? Just empty a vacuum cleaner canister all over it, spray it with water, drive it through a dry dusty path, then park it and throw some dry leaves on it and pretend it smells inside.
Weird seeing Japanese barnyard finds. Not that these are revered to a certain degree but I just assumed that these cars are modified and driven to death on the road instead. Not stored away like some classic car.
What is the spray you guys us EVERYWHERE
Is it for sale?
How many labor hours?
What about the other one
@WD, year? R1 or R2? Touring  or PEP,as an owner of a 95 FD R2 in Silverstone Metallic, I know a few things about these
What about brakes?!
Were the chrome letters you removed not stock?
Did you really just power wash diseased rat shit all on to your shop floor?!? lol yikes! Hopefully nobody dies
Why the fuck didn't you just remove the glovebox? I guarantee the air filter behind there is trashed and needs cleaned out.
Did the owner flush all of the old gas out?
Most complete detailing I’ve ever watched.  Probably the best I’ve watched.  I am extremely curious what a top to bottom job like this costs?
How did that guy lose so much change in 8800 miles?
So,, what is an FD exactly? Never heard of it. What year is it?   Thanks.
What about the 1st gen Rx? The blue
How much will you sell it for? Luv it!
My neighbor has had a s car sitting in his driveway since 2018, I want o see if he wants to part with it but I am scared about all the hidden things. What would you recommend as first steps in starting that conversation and of course pricing? Technically would it be a salvage since its been off the road for over 4 years?
Somethings not adding up, at 7:43 ish. the car has no spoiler at 8 minutes it magically back.. HMMMMMMM
Why am I watching a video of someone washing a car.. lmao. I should go wash my truck now
Is it just me or power washing the dirt off the car seems completely wrong???
Great job indeed, I wonder if the owner planned to change the tires as even though they seem in good shape but they must have expired by now, and the last thing I wish is an unfortunate accident to the owner and to this beauty
I’m not a car guy so maybe this is a stupid question but why didn’t you clean the brake discs?
not worth much?.........but that rotory engine is amazing!!
How much did he sell it for?
I want to know how much y'all paid for this hidden treasure.
what about that fb tho:)
What about the other RX-7 in that garage?  That's the one I'd love to see restored!
I wonder how can't they damage the engine bay after washing it with water??
And here I was wondering if there was anything they would do to the discs to make them look new and perfect. 27:26
Is this Car still for sale?
I had a question: what products are best for removing light mold or mildew off a cloth/leather backseats. Guess I left the window cracked one night and some moisture got on my back seats.
IS it me or are they washing the car on carpet 🤔
Crazy there are spitzer dealerships all around me… wonder if this is near me ?
21:30 What's that tool called? It shoots air and vibrates right?
From Ontario Canada, do You always need a one off crazy find?
Just one question: How much?  Great work...but, what did it cost?
Undevlieve find, a few extra dead mice, but some like house music.  One question, how does your floor draining system work, I'm extremely curious and slightly confused.
What is that compound you're shampooing it with?? Thanks. Dandahermit
Is that the Toretto's red car in Fast furious 1?
Maybe replacing 20 plus Year old tires is better than cleaning them I would hate to see a blowout ruin that beautiful car
crazy that a 90's RX-7 can now be a "barn find".  I drove a 1994 RX-7 Twin Turbo, silver with red leather interior, around for a couple days before my parents recovered their senses and bought me a Chevrolet Beretta instead.  The RX-7 was the dealer's demo and he let me take it home for two days as we considered the purchase.  So close, yet so far.  Still my dream car, along with the NSX.  Unfortunately these are becoming so rare because of the F&F movies, so many people have ruined them.
Is it for sell I wanna buy this car ?????? Please let me know
Rare?  🫢🫢  but its a Mazda ??
What steam vac do you guys recommend?  around $200  thanks!
Drove 140 mph and got scared of it? Doesnt want face to be seen, blurs face out?  Man was definitely in a police chase back then and didnt want the heat🤣
What did the owner do with the first GEN Rx7. The one you guys didn’t clean. an awesome job on the clean up the car really looks amazing.
Might have been asked already, but what about the FB rx7 also in the garage?
Very satisfying transformation! I have a question (around 11:20) : I always heard that we needed to cover the alternator so that the water doesn't directly hit it with pressure and potentially damage it. What are your thoughts about that? Thanks you!
Leavin brake discs with rust... really!? It doesn't work.
16:19  what is the song name sir?
What about that older RX7 on the right side of the garage?!  That one looks even cooler!
Amazing job - looks superb.  Just one question - I noticed you start washing with a mitt straight from the snow foam.  I thought the snow foam was to lift the contaminants and leftover bits of dirt - aren't you risking pushing them over the paint by doing this and hence adding to the work you have to restore the paint finish?
How hard was it to get rid of the Mouse smell?
Do you know if he wants to sell it? Anyway to get his email or something for offer?
is the tyre new ? how can any tyre stay that long
Staged ??
I thought RX7 produced after 1995 were not allowed in the US market.
You guys do it for free??? That's amazing!
why does your brisket look like that bro? where’s the red juicy goodness @WD Detailing
Its a Wankel engine?
Where you guys located in Ohio and do you detail other cars?
What exactly are you using to clean the glovebox and the wheel wells? I'm a new fan of your channel and love how meticulous you are!
How did they find this car untouched for so many years????
23 years years?   My car gets all that dust in 1 week where I live.
It still baffles me today how men can wear tight pants like a girl
Very meticulously done up. Wondering if the owner change to new tyres.
This is a great video and the car looks amazing. Could you please tell me where you found the music that you used throughout the video?
Can you please help me with 2 questions? The detailing brush you use & where to buy? I bought a Jeep Wrangler JL and discovered it has paint over spray. Can I treat this myself & how? If you can help me?  I'll give you my contact info.
Great channel lifetime subscriber here what kind of steamer do you use an solution for deep  cleaning thank you soooo much.
What’s the name of the song used for the disassembly part?
Are those tires still any good after all these 23 years, tho, to clean them?
Did they not clean the engine bay? Also still needs new brakes. Still a lot of work to be done clearly....
Hey bro have you ever found a z before messed up and with non detail
Im wondering what tools u used for deep cleaning like this one. Can u tell me more about car detergent?
Fake fake fake. How did the mice get in? Where are the mouse droppings? Tyres are all ok and rubbers on the car are not cracked.  Fake as it can be.
How is nobody talking about the classic RX7 sitting right next to it? It’s more vintage than the FD.
How much did you guys get the car for? Hope you guys gave that old man a deal he clearly needs it telling by his garage door.
Barn find rx7? FOH!!
All the stickers increase the value of the car. Okay what about all the 🐭 chewing up shit? Does that devalue the car?
I got a message on Telegram that I've won the car is it true or not? I don't know if it's a scam
Baby I don't understand this grill cheese Obama  sandwich
whats the vacuum that you use at 19:00 ??
Great -- what about the other RX-7 that was also in the garage?
Why do you do it for free? Looks amazing.
What cleaner r u using?
Did you guys give it back to the owner or did the owner sold it to you guys?  That car in that condition is worth a lot of money.  It's a special car.   I know someone who would pay a high price for it.
I wonder how much would Mazda offer to buy it back
are tyres still in good condition after 23 years?
Why put a video up of you valeting the car, then chuck in a sponsor add with the car cleaned in the background should of used a different car or a different background, just completely ruined the final result.
engine after 23 years stoped?? good look for at first start
I'd like to know what this detail cost
You guys do it for free??!! 😮
How about the blue fb next to it......?
What was the second car? Next to the rx-7 in the garage
Is the car for sale?
I'm hoping they'll do all the mechanical stuff that it needs? New hoses, rubber fuel lines, oil/fluids and rubbers
Can I buy it from you?
What about the older late 80's, early 90's RX-7 that was right next to it?
I’ll never understand all these people that bought these cars when they came out and just like preserved them and only run it for 8,800 miles??? Today people buy a new car it’s either totaled in a year or 30,000 miles in 3 months….
You can do a new exhaust maybe??
Did you inspect up under the dashboard? If mice got into the glove box I bet they spent time behind the dash. Also don't we get to see it run and drive?
I just don't understand how a 23 years old car seating in one place without moving, can have Tires in great condition 🤔 💭 🤔
Id love to drive my 2008 Civic all the way from Canada - to get it restored & perhaps modified by you guys (or your partner businesses?) in Ohio! Where in Ohio?
is it good to spray the entire engine bay like that? even the alternator and battery, fuses etc?
Does it matter if the engine gets wet ? I thought you had to cover all electrical
Why would you clean tires that are over twenty years old? It’s gonna need new ones regardless.
Crazy find. Any chance the car was used in a crime, thus hidden away and forgotten?
Did you leave the 85 rd-7 behind? (The blue one)
what is he doing at the minute 21:30? what kind of machine is that?
What handheld snow foam you using ?
How do u truly remove all mold, mildew etc from inside ? I dont think it will ever be all gone, its microscopic and behind dash, inside door panels etc, ac system
Did you try buying the car before the restoration!?! The attention to detain was on point! You definitely knew the assignment.
How much u charge for a full detail clean like this?
So basically I just need to start a detailing company so I can find barn finds like this?
how can u get such a mess in a car with only 8800 miles?
Did yall wash and then keep those 20 year old tires on there?? Lol. Hope noone planned on driving it more than a mile.
Someone is going to pay big bucks for this car, I’m wondering how much it’s going to cost to repair all of the seals in the motor that are 1000% bad at this point
Love the video but there are way too many ads for a channel that is likely not demonetized. Weren’t the two non skip-able ads in the begging enough?
Why is there papers under the spare tyre. Seems weird for car whose done only 8800 miles and wouldn't have touched the spare wheel
Music name at 27:00?
i’m sorry but aren’t you supposed to cover the alternator before you rinse w out pressure you can damage the engine no?
Wait yall do this for FREE???
I gotta ask why did you bother cleaning the 23 year old tyres? They are long gone by this point. Also love the story of the owner cause it's kind of ridiculous
but what is thaht  blue  one
Was the interior solution just diluted APC?
so is the owner selling it?? if yes im really interested im a big fan of rotary
the owner drove it got scared and stored it? why not trade it in or sell it?
How much did YOU pay for the car from the the owner? It was in amazing shape, I guess you flushed the engine and replaced all fluids.
Dude, what happens to all that dirt under your swisstrax?
I’d replace the tires after that much time, and I’m not sure it’s wise to spray down the engine bay. Too many electrical components to damage
Should you really be spraying water all over the electrics in the engine?
How much would this kind of detailing cost? I'd love to have my 93 MR2 cleaned up like this. It isn't nearly this bad as this RX7 was.
How much does a professional wash like this typically cost on any other vehicle?
A fellow detailer here and was wondering about your under hood technique. I've always allowed the engine to come up to operating temps before hitting it with water as the heat helps evaporate any sitting water. Do you do the same, and if not can you explain your method otherwise? Thanks for any info you can give! AWESOME JOB ON THIS BEAUTY!!
This is Forza horizon in real Life?
How much cash you want for that car let me know if you want to sale to me please
How much is this particular vehicle worth roughly?
Who buys a car and then just parks it??
how does the insulation not mold underneath the carpet after you soaked it??
wat date on this tires..??
But where did the mice get the insulation from?  Somewhere under the carpet or behind the dash, there are numerous mice tunnels and droppings...
What’s the name of the song playing at 23:47
What was the car next to it in the barn?
What about the brakes tho 😕
You earned my Subscription. Anyone know or have a guess how much this FD, in this condition would now go for at Barrett Jackson? Any theyve Auctioned off this year or last, are probably not in as good condition, with low miles, as this one is.
Who the hell abandons a gem like this in a garage for 20 years
Any videos on this car on the road or it's mechanical condition?
Was there any dry rot in the tires? They look pretty good while being cleaned, but they have sat for a really long time.
What sort of brush did you use to scrub the rims with when you were cleaning them?
Anyone gunna talk about a stock rx7 going 140mph? In the 90’s?
3:20 song author and title anybody? :(
Why didnt he sell the car ? or drive it more to get used to it ? how can someone abandon a car because they got scared for pushing the gas...
Why is their faces blured?
Is that rx7 for sale
How can someone leave a legendary car rooting like this? I can't understand North Americans JDM needs love 🥲
Where did you find this rx7? That dealership label "Spitzer" is from where I live in Brookville, PA. Think the dealership is in Dubois, PA.
Is this thing for sale anywhere?
Could You Detail My Aw11 X^) Sadly I am no where near you guys
Is it safe to wash under the hood area where all the battery etc is? Won't it spoil anything? As there are wires
And then ? What happened to the car 🚗?
Where all the dirty water is going?
Wash = restoration?
Where are the rolling shorts ?? 🥲
Is anyone going to talk about the clean 1st Gen FB RX-7 next to it? I bought my FD RX-7 with only 48000 miles right before the Covid price hikes. Thank goodness but this RX-7 is potentially worth $150,000 plus with those miles depending on the rest of the condition of the car, including interior, engine, electrical. These cars are meant to be driven and can actually wear faster if they just sit for years like this. Trust me I've owned 3 FDs.
How on earth do you get this barn find to begin with😅
How are you not going to show the owners reaction???
Did you guys also take the FB? Would love to see a detailing on one of those too
I'm trying to figure out how a grown man drives a car 140 and gets scared enough to park it for decades....
Hello mate im new here and can you give me about your garage floor please
How were the tires not dry rotted after 20 years.?
I am thinking a car sitting in garage around 30 years how it can fire up again?🤔
Wouldn't  you need to get new rubber if it has been actually sitting for that long.  Don't now how long i'd trust those tires.
How long would it take to dry if you steam clean your drivers seat?
I don't understand why they only show the aesthetic improvements they make to the car without showing anything necessary to guarantee that the mechanics are in good condition: filters, oil, the fuel in the tank should be in poor condition... gearbox oil. .. etc...
how much for this beast?..im interested 🤘😎
Free detailing you say?
So elephant in the room, does it run?  Coolant seals are likely shot and who knows what else...take it to IR Performance, the only rotary engine builder I trust.  I owned an FD for 18 years and know every part on the car
Is it ok to let some water under the hood like that? I’m just curious.
Does anyone know what kind of steam cleaner they're using?  I'm trying to find a good/reliable one, but always get mixed reviews on any of them.
Amazing!  Mechanically, we’re there many issues with it sitting for years?  Fuel issues etc?
Nice clean up/ detail! Not restoration! I think someone is very confused!!🤔
No one seeing the 1gen sitting on the right? 79-85 I believe.
So do you just clean it and give it back then? Because two things are gonna happen, 1. They sell it instantly or 2. They immediately start neglecting it again. The kind of people that leave nice cars to die in garages are they same people that let someone clean it for free to then continue to let it rot away.
Damn how long did all that take ?
How much would this type of detailing even cost
What do clean you clean the inside windshield with? i always get streaks.
Why does this fell like a fake 'barn find'?
So do you know why this was neglected? Was the owner still alive or were the house and cars just forgotten?
You left the battery connected and the alternator uncovered while doing the engine? Do you have electronics or something?
Wondering if you could share your process on how you successfully locate a barn find of this caliber? Appreciate the amazing content!
Soooo random to see a high end knife company doing ads on a car detailing channel…
@WDDetailing How long did it take you to do the whole car from start to finish?
how bout that first gen, what's the story on it? did these go to sale?
how rich do you have to be to buy a brand new car, drive it as fast as you can, get scared of it and store it on your garage for the rest of your life and forget about it?
8000 miles and that dirty on the inside hmmmm
What is the owner of the car gonna do with it?  Why did he after so many years decided to get it showroom ready?  How much would this car go for?  A really really beautiful car!
Does anyone know what spray he using to clean with the detail brush?
Are y’all going to clean the blue fb as well?
Wonder how bad the mice infestation was in the Savanna next to it
What kind of lift do you use
What about the older one that was beside it ?
Did I hear phonk music?
Power washing the battery, fuse box, and other electrical kinda ruined it for me, did it turn out okay?
Please tell me that first gen rx7 sitting next too the car in the garage will have its own restoration video !!
What about the other rx7 that was in the garage??
kind of odd the tires werent dry rotted / flat?
Why do people always wash the outside first
Great work & video guys!  Was there a final reveal to owner, and did you find our final value?  Also would be cool to know what products you are using on each step.  Thanks for posting!
Was this found in Pittsburgh?
looks great..do you ever try to remove rust and polish on brake disk?
What did he do with the car after?
Very nice! I would like to know if there were mice and nesting in the air filter box!
But what about that blue RX-7 right next to it?? Isn’t that an ‘84?
I have to truly ask how in the world did you find this car?!?!??
Is it APC used to clean car interior ?
How much does a service like this usually cost? Incredible attention to detail.
didn't used 2 bucket method ?
Does it run? Mechanically ok?
can you guys give it to me as a gift 😅 that's my dream car sense i was 13 years old
How much is this car worth? I’m curious🙆🏽‍♂️
Hey man, awesome detailing....just had one question...does pressure washing (with just water) remove all the dirt, or do we have to use soap even at home? Am just asking on daily use basis.
keisuke takahashi would be proud.....curious what is that floor made out of to my eye it looks like a regular carpet but i cant imagine you'd be doing that on a carpet lol
its really like a brand new rx7. i wonder how mice built a nest inside glove box. maybe from AC system, you guys doesn't check inside the dash?
How do you get scared of a car!? Just don't go fast.
Lol but why is everyone ignoring the fact that he drove it 140 and left it in the garage since 99??? And they found ammunition in the car??? 😂 Ok.
confused on why y'all cleaned the wheels and then went to hose off the car, and can't say i didn't cringe when you took off the wing and then blasted water through the trunk holes.
What type of story is that bro 🤣 you purposefully go 140 then get scared and let the car sit wtf man 🤣
So your able to wet up the engine of your car like that wiutj water and soap ??
Quick question, how old are you? 😮
Are they selling this car? What made them bring it out of mothballs?
Am I the only one who thinks that those 20 year old tires are no longer roadworthy? Of course, if the car is put into a museum, it is perfectly reasonable to keep the original tires. Beautiful car and great job.
Are the tires still suitable for driving after all these years?
The interior work on this car was amazing. But why not de-rust the brake discs? That's the only thing showing its age.
Man... did that car just rolled off the production line?
Where is the blue one
Do you guys do this for regular people that want there car detail and how much would a job like this cost?
Paint correction 180k 2002 996 cabrio in Cleveland for a Cleveland firefighter?
Awesome video, just finished watching whole thing and just wondering why you guys kept these 20+ year old tires on?    Original everything is what you want sure, but NOT with tires, that's a huge safety risk
What motor came in these stock and they were really that fast?
Great content! Quick question: Is it safe to wash the engine as shown or should we cover the electrical components like alternator and battery with plastic before spraying with water?
I don’t know, I’d just take a wet dry vac and vacuum the inside and then drive it through $10 car wash. Done…
Where did the mice get in from?
What do u use to scrub is that paint brush?
What kind of psychopath purchases a legendary car and parks it away forever
I love it. It just takes rocket science to detail.🤣🤣🤣🤣 What would you call this position? 🤔 Auto detail engineer? 🤣🤣🤣
What solution do you use to clean the interior. Seems to foam up nicely
How much would this cost to get a FULL detail, like 800$?
Please listing brand for detailing?
8000 miles? Theres some with low miles 20-30k miles that go for like $80,000. ID say one that low in miles, everything works, and its been in doors the whole time, probably like $90,000-$100,000.
So how many man hours was put into this clean up..
Was that the old guys car that opened the garage
Amazing find, loved the way it came up! End of the video you asked for feedback: - Would like to know how this car was treated mechanically? Was it then handed to engineer to assess any long term damage / restoration to the operation of the car?; - Get rid of that background music. That's brain-melt for half an hour; I ended up going on mute.
I just wanna know what the bitch looked like who got scared of a car… which speed you can… you know…. Control??
whats that spray bottle youre using when you were cleaning the wheels. The one with a foamy soap
From Spitzer Mazda, found in Ohio by chance?
is this going for sale
He took it to 140mph and it scared him? Couldn't he just not press the gas pedal as hard lol
Are you cleaning it for the owner or did you buy it?
You found this in Ohio?? Shoot I’m up near Cleveland myself. Got a ton of car buddies who’d think that 7 was nasssty
what is the material on the garage floor? You are spraying water and i would like to know where it all drains to please.
what was the reaction of old dude?
¿ PIRELLI ZERO also from 2005 ?
Holster in the glove box, parked after a high speed run....... or a crime?? Probably ran from police in it and was too scared to drive it around again. Speaking from experience
How much do you guys charge for a details of magnitude? My 1976 benz needs one. Great work
why he get a yellow spare whith a black car when i get a black spare whith my yellow rx-7 xD no joke ? really funny
Super amazed to see the Spitzer logo on there, was this in Ohio?
Wait... Got it up to 140 mph, got scared and parked and never drove it again!? Complete opposite of what I would have done!
What did you mess up on the sound on this one? That brush sound is grating as fuck, made my skin crawl
First time viewer. Why were the rotors ignored?
Why spray directly on the alternator...
Sorry for the ignorance, but can you pressure wash an alternator like that? Shouldn't you cover it with something at least?
Is that a barn find or a detail job for someone?
Bro if a 92 stock Miata with 20,000 miles can go for $25,000 this thing should go for like 40 50 grand
What about the older RX7 in the same garage? Did you leave that one there? And do you have picture of it? These cars are amazing.
Just curious, How many PSI your jet wash cleaner to clean the car? It looks well cleaned
does the use of liquids and a pressure washer in the engine compartment harm the electrical connections?
I'm curious about that other RX-7.
Did noone notice the series 2 parked next to the FC?
Let’s be real is he really reading every comment ???
owners reaction?
What foam cannon are you using in the video?
WHY WOULD U SOAK A ENGINE BAY AND LEAVE THE BATTERY IN CONNECTED OF ALL THING WHAT DE F
What happened to the blue first generation RX7 that was also parked in the garage? Very rare. I have a 1980 RX7, original owner.
What about that first gen next to it ?
Is he selling this car?
Nice u can add some wraps on black and paint the car red?
Very nice detail.  Restoration?   Hardly.   The engine will need fully pulled down and proper inspection...and then rebuild.  If everything is done properly,  it could easily be 60-70k in value.  Likely more.
soundtrack?
So how can I get in touch with the owner about negotiations on pricing?????
How much did this service cost?
How come in all these videos it's always 23 years since the last wash.
Did you sell it? If so how much did it sell for?
What polisher and pad size did you use the the rear spoiler?
I wanna know how much ya’ll are selling it for
So did you guy just clean it or you guys was able to purchase it for resell
Where’s this car going up for sale
Great Video. Can I ask what is the brand of foam cannon that was used in the video?
Is it a 93? The 93's had painted plastic interiors that scratch easy.  It appears to be an R1 trim. I have a 93 Touring in my garage and nearly all of my original stock parts, including the rats nest solenoids. Lube the door locks a bit. The plastic keyhole doors break easily. Seriously, you'll detail my FD for free? I'm just north of Detroit. Maybe in the Spring.
They real question I want to know is how much did you pay for it 🤔
scared of the car? LOL 🤣
I have a new car that I want to protect. What is the best ceramic coating I can get & what are some other tips for keeping it clean?
I don't know why you guys are drooling all over this detail. The paint on this car is in fantastic shape to begin with and especially not weather beaten being garage kept. It's no different than detailing any other car.
How is that rotary running 😮
Is it for sale?
So wait….he went too fast in the car and then got scared so he stopped driving it all together and let it just crumble away? Wth is wrong with people.
There used to be a Spitzer dealership in Columbus, is that where this is from?
Wtf got scared at 140? Wierd guy😄
Can’t believe it’s that clean, being an Ohio car. Wonder if he’d sell it.
How are the tires not dry rotted
How is this even possible that car was sitting that long?
I’m just curious about the whole power washing the engine bay because that could very easily damage electrical parts of the engine. I don’t know much about this so I was just curious if you knew it was safe to do that
Will the electrics be fine even if you use your water like that in the engine bay?
What was the years on the coins found in the trunk?
Love this video! What are the cleaners used on the inside and outside? I am doing a restoration and would love some of the cleaning products used in this.
Did you do anything to the electrical so no damage from washing engine?
Are you selling it?
What cleaning supplies do you use and get them at
Does anyone know what the song is called?
How do you find these barn finds
Where can I get those brushes used, for wheels and interior
Did you guys hit it with an ozone generator at least?
What happens to it after it's all clean? Is it for sale?
How long do you guys keep these cars to get them cleaned up? Is it a team effort done in a day or is this a multi day project?
Owner was a Rotary guy  What about the light blue one? 1st Gen
I don't get why you are taking the time to clean a 23 year tire, you need to replace those anyways
What product did you use to polish the paint ? It seemed to not dry out and was easily removed.
Is this guy going to sell it? If he is, that may actually break the market 😂
I’m curious if you pulled any of the other interior plastics to check for mice?  Also, did you run any kind of chemical disinfectant through the dash vents?   We’re there any mice in the air box?   Great video - would like to have seen the finished product.
Was the car able to start? Fuck the wash or the detailing if it doesn't run.   You did I a good job btw, was just wondering if it started.
I just don't know about washing the engine bay and not disconnecting any of the harness. Even tho u dryed it out.
When was this car built?
Is this for sale
Scared of the car ?!
how would the tires be in that condition after 23 years?
Nice video editing and restoration of this beauty.  Just one question.  Can I please have it?
If it was sitting that long wouldn't the tires been dry rotted?
Original air in tires?
Very nice car but 140mph in this non turbo car I am pretty skeptical of... sorry
Why cars not looking like this anymore? such a great looking car even till this day.
What about the older blue one in the other bay of the garage?
How much did the guy sell it for after this?  I bought a 1993 Rd for 12000 with a 105000 miles in early 2000.  I ended up putting in very little new things but still spent about 15 thousand next 4 years on basic maintenance.  These are now very rare and worth quite a lot.
You do all this work for free?
Dont recognize that badge on the back left doesn't look stock what does it read I thought it was spirit or efini
This was an absolute pleasure to watch. How much does a full detail like this even cost?
What idiot would let that car go like that geez
Was that Spitzer dodge in Whitehall ohio?
$64,000 if put in showroom condition with no more miles?
I’d say it prob worth 45k…?
Cost of restoration?
What about the other RX-7 , the blue one on the right. Is it going to be detailed to?
Loved it!! Question! What did you used to clean the engine bay? How much PSI is your pressure washer?
Is he selling this masterpiece of a car?
parked in 1999 and just fired right up for you guys?  hmmm...
Are those tyres still good after this time?
The explanation as to why it was parked makes zero sense. Why would the owner drive it 140 mph and then be afraid of the car and park it and never drive it again?
How do you get rid of your rodent problem in your car? Just let them live there for so long they die of natural causes. Apparently dorito power kills mice. They should call this car the mouse trap
Hi Man If You Don’t Mind Give Us A Random Figure Of How Much You Got It For
How much $ were you able to get it for?
Did you unplug battery before cleaning engine? :)
What part of ohio?
What about the car beside it
what color is your rx-7
Where is this car ? Is it for sale ?
Can we directly use the soap solution and water on the engine bay ?
Was that a 300zx beside the Mazda at the beginning?
Are the tires not dry rotted?
Is that guy planning on selling this thing? Haha I'm in! You asked how much we think this car is worth. We'll in all actuality it's probably worth 10-20K. With the JDM market in America right now though I can see this going for way higher than that.
Question is……….. how much for the car??? And beautiful job on bringing the car back to life.
did someone rescue the FB RX7 that looked in good condition as well
Why the winter hat ? Snowing inside or what ? I'll never understand young folks doing that. Might as well be wearing snowshoes as well.
What did u lightly spray on the engine bay to clean it?? Did u cover any electronics before u started spraying…Wanting to clean my engine bay but I’m scared of getting anything wet and possibly frying it
Did you just spray water straight on the engine with the battery plugged in and the alternator not covered? You guys are morons
So what was the go with the other RX7??
Do u know what u found bro
Great detail, really enjoyed watching! My question is was the car running?  I mean sitting for over two decades there is no way she would run without some work.  Also, it would probably have leaks when it dors run as seals dry up over time.  Tires would probably be checked and have cracks.  If I was going to put a value to a car like that I would have alot of questions about the mechanical condition.
Did u guya check the ac ventilation and air filter? For mice dropings and disinfection process inside the car? For bacteria
Is the owner interested in selling privately? And if so could you contact me
Correct me if I’m wrong but is this car rare because of the miles? Because I know that people want these cars, but where I live there’s quite a lot of them getting around.
Really enjoyed this video ! Any chance of getting the other earlier RX7 that was parked beside the black one in the garage and doing a detailing makeover on that ?
Am I the only one that feels like the carpet extraction was subpar? Nailed the wax and polish.
How much you bought it for
He selling it?
What brand of foam gun do you use?  Thank you.
I love detailing, however my driveway is only spot I got..Is the steamer a must have for doing interior?
How could the paint be so swirled , inside so dirty , and everything thing else with only 8,800 miles?? I know it's old but the car never got drove.. something seems weird but it definitely looks great now. Great job guys
I don't know if I missed it but you don't trust 23 year old tires do you?  Is that one of the first things you replace is installing brand new tires?  Great videos!   🏁🏁🏁🏁🏁🏁
Take it to auction and who knows how much the value will hit internationally
Question:  How long did the restoration take from inception to completion?  The end result is truly AMAZING!!!!!!  Loved it.  Ted McCormack Pewee Valley, KY
What about that series 2 RX-7 in the garage also? 😮
What about the motor?
Is the owner trying to sell ? And if so , how much ?
which is the 2 polishes you used ? which brand and types  ?
WOW.  R1 or R2?  Took me forever to find one and mine has about 90K miles on it... If its an R1 or R2 its worth at least 70-80k... A yellow R1 sold at mecum with i think 50k miles on it for 60k.
What about the other RX7? The blue series2/3? GLXE?
Amazing job. I'd like to know the fate of the aqua RX-7, series 2 I believe.
Who buys a sports car, gets afraid of the speed (while driving well over the speed limit) and then just parks it and ignores it for years? Seems... unlikely. Also, after all that time, the tires aren't dried and cracked?
Awesome video. Could you please share the playlist of the music used? Thank you :)
N.Z someone be asking 80k up I think
Thinking fully restored. About 56k?
Whose Car Is It?
11:01 are you supposed to get the engine parts wet, doesn't it damage the electronics and stuff, thats my question because I want to clean my MINI Countryman's engine but I don't want to damage its moving parts and electronics, whats the best way I clean it safely.
What do you use for windshield cleaners
What happened to your arm?
What is the soap solution you guys use? Then you hit it with steam? Wipe clean and use compressed air to dry?
Are u guys from the Ohio area? I recognize that dealer plaque as a local car dealership!! Edit..  Yes I heard y'all are from northeast Ohio at end of the video!!
Loved the video I was wondering if you could do a garage tour on TikTok or YouTube I was wondering what you did for your floors cause I seen you were washing the wheels just right in your garage
Does the owner know how much it worth? Because I wish I could have bought it. It’s 150k +
Did you end up cleaning the AC and heater business? My brother got a car from our uncle and when he turned on the AC full blast, some leaves started flying out of the vents because that kinda business wasn't clean. Awesome job though!
Why would you spray water directly on alternatot and battery in the engine bay!!?🫣🫣 before cleaning the engine make sure these things are protected from water!!!!
Former detailer here, not too sure if you guys know this trick, but for the badges on the back use some fishing line to get most of the decal off instead of steam! Ive never tried a steamer on decals but maybe its more efficient!
@WD Detailing  Guys are you unplugging the battery when you're washing engine?
My question: if you didn't have a YT channel where you show these transformations, would you still detail cars for living, or is it worth doing only for YT money? Sorry for being this direct, but I consider similar "business" only I don't have a YT channel and I am not sure if it is going to be wrth my while starting all this up. Thanks for your good work and interesting videos.
Tires still good after 23years ?
Did yall replace the tires? I bought a car that sat for a long time and had a blow out from one of the tires, supposedly you're supposed to replace em every 7 gears or they dry rot and make it dangerous to drive incase of a blow out. So that would be my suggestion, my tires were still 90% new but since it sat for so long they dry rotted lol
He got scared of the car and just left it in his garage? didn't sell it?
What would a detailing like this cost?
My real question is not how much it's worth but how much did you pay for it. So did the seller get what it's worth
Bought from Spritzer? That an Ohio car?
?  maybe 60 70k worth if in good condition
Great job guys! But I wonder how u wash a car inside the shop? Where does the water go? Never seen it in Europe before 😅
This could be someone's next years SEMA project ?
Good work there's a liqui moly product for mice maybe you can tell the owner to use that I do have a question though when you wash the engine don't you cover any electronics or start the car or something?
The owner didnt realize you could drive the car under 140?  He could have driven the car all those years without being scared of it 😂
What’s the story on the 1st gen next to it? Probably also has crazy low miles
A average mileage daily driver is selling for upwards of 15k so I would think this car would bring over 30k easy with that crazy low mileage its basically brand new
What about that second RX-7 of older gen sitting right next to it?
in australia this would bring well over 100k prob close to 150k worth it ? not in my opinion , this would need every seal and bush replaced from sitting 23 years
So when are you restoring the FB RX7???
What happened with the other RX7 beside that one (Blue one) ?
Why not brush the rotors?
What about head lights did u flip them up to clean them
When extracting the interior, how do you make sure the nasty smells are gone, and how do you introduce a nice smell??
How did you find this ? and do you mind sharing what you paid for it ?
Is this car going to be for sale?
Is the owner willing to sell it?
Ok so could someone please explain to me why this car has a weird icon stock rather then the Mazda logo?
how are you able to just power wash under the hood? can someone explain how it doesnt break anything im honestly curious
lets hope there are no dead animals in the HVAC system, did you check the cabin filter in the car for fresh air and rats in there?
if japan is known for their top-end steel why do they buy our old steel from years back does that mean that it's actually our steel giving them the name of good steel.
it's a Mazda how much could it be worth and it isn't that old.
Did you find that car in south Bend Indiana ?
What's wrong with your left forearm?
Is this in Ohio? I've seen the Spitzer dealership emblem
What this car is worth is really going to depend upon who you bring it to.  The open market, it is going to be seen as a 28-year-old car, and any issues with the 1994 model that haven't been addressed by the owner will detract from the price. But to a JDM car club, it's going to have a lot more value.
Is it for sale? I'm very interested @wddetailing
All it be up for sale? When and where?
What do y'all do with the vehicles afterwards
Im interested in buying the blue 1st gen, is there a way to get my in contact with the owner?
4 years before you were born? *cries*
how long did this take start to finish?
Are we going to ignore the fact he had a series 3 rx7 right next to it?
can you give some insight into what a detail like this would cost?
Reading every comment? Meow
What was the deal on the other RX7 in the garage? Buddy of mine had one just like that growing up. Same color too. 🔥
Any chance you could give my 07 Z4 some love? I’m an hour north Toledo
Did you guys get the other car in the garage too?!?
Ok this might sound very dumb but if you spray water or any kind of liquid in the engine bay and it gets on the battery would it do anything bad ?
Amazing video . Is this car for sale ? How can I contact the owner ?
Cool Story, Does the car even run??
Awesome car. Are you going to do the blue early rx7 that was parked next to this one??
Great restoration on the Mazda. I wondering what the word on back of the was, I  thought it was a type of  RX7 at first. Lol
How much u wanna sell it for
0:42 @ 140 mph, humm.....may be he saw the Ghost of Akina AE86 drifting behind the mirror and then he got the Keisuke moment that possessed his car
Can someone kindly fill me in on why this car is so special?
What's the mileage and story on the early Rx7 in the garage as well?
are we all just bypassing the fact theres an fb right next to it?!
Great video brother ..... Is the owner selling it?
Got scared of the car because it hit 140 mph?  You know that accelerator thing on the floor?  You don't always have to push it all the way down.  (Although for some, it's instinctive.)
What waxes were used
What about the other abandoned rx7? I would like to see it on the channel!
Rotories don't like to sit, hopefully the engine seals aren't dried out, may have to rebuild the engine
Can you guys do a video on a pick up truck next pleasee pleasee
How much was that lift ? I’m looking to invest
What happened to using all MAD products?
I’m curious why you don’t take the glove boxes out and check behind them for mice nests. They come out fairly easily on most cars.
Guys why u don't detail and the other car near to the rx-7
Engine probably needs a rebuilt
Did you take the car for a rip? lol
How much you want for that 😏
How did the hatch area look so bad? Spare change, receipts, trash, only 8800 miles?? I have 11000 miles on mine and it looks brand new, 8800 is nothing he was barely in it.
i love the 7, when i first saw it in X-Men 2 (it was Cyclopes's car and Wolverine stole it)...  question for you WD: "with all the new products and tools that created and relesed, if you could go back and redetail a car you did in your pass...which car would it be?"
Really random question, but I always check when cleaning out a car, what year were the coins from?
Ohh my god, like a car directly from dealer. Is that single stage paint btw?
Are you going to restore the other car in the garage?
Dashboard part?
I like your guys's videos but can you guys do when you guys use your materials to clean your the cars can you guys put it in the video so we can know how to use it as like you
Where do you get your hand brush man?
Thank you to Kamikoto for sponsoring today's video! Go to https://kamikoto.com/WD50 to save $50 on your order!   How much do you think this RX-7 will be worth once it's fixed up again?!
