are these highlights of the game or highlights of bucks basket
Who’s here after the Heat won the series?
i'm genuinely so confused, why are the bucks so good in the regular season but so bad in the post???
how the f are the bucks losing
what the hell is up with herro lmfao, he literally can't miss in clutch situations
Can you imagine Bucks wins 4 in a row and make history!
Lmao did anybody see Lopez flop at 3:33
Dafuq!!! What happened to the game after the jumpball? Both teams suddenly scored 11 and 20?!?!
Did Giannis fake that injury? He seemed to be walking off the court fine at the end there.
ayo is it just me or is 5:17 a 2
Are the bucks better with the star
Always a debate about who reminds people of the most of Kobe & after watching this twice & maybe 4 or 5 more videos it’s definitely Kris Middleton, mid range maestro, 1jab 2-3 jabs, spins, stop & pop, turnaround. Only if he was more aggressive more people could see the similarities, especially 2008-2013
Am I the only one who thinks the thumbnail looks like the same person.
Is this a bucks highlight??
Maybe the Bucks don't need Giannis and could be the unexpected burden of this team.
Why’d the first ten seconds of the video start at 4 min of the 1st quarter left
Is it just me or do the rest of the bucks play better when they don't feel that they have to defer to a {one dimensional} MVP/super star? George Hill (best %3pt shooter in the league) is shooting catch and shoot, instead of just open shots that boost his percentage. Middleton going to war, banging on the high post. Bledsoe crashing towards the rim. This team is clearly imbalanced. It's time to leave Giannis. They looked kind of like the Raptors without him
k. middleton? i see kobe on him!! carried a team without giannis.
why most of the highlights is with bucks?? wtf!😂 bias
Why are these stars using Fake Injuries to get out of the game whenever they behind and feel no chance. Hmm
Hey Bud. See what happens when you make adjustments?
ESPN tomorrow: Did Bucks win the game or did Heat lose the game
So during clutch moments Giannis is just standing?
Is it klay thompson wearing in black ? ?
CAN YOU PLEASE YOU HELP ME REACH 1K SUBSCRIBERS SO I CAN FUND MY SON'S BASKETBALL TRAINING...THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Giannis wtf is wrong with you?
ESPN: Bucks win without Giannis, which team is he considering to go to next season?
Is Giannis playing G. 4?
So Gianes is the problem?
7:40 was this play not a charge, it seamed pretty clear to me, but I could be biased, and if it isn’t a charge please tell me why
Bias why all the shots of mil are highlights?
Is this a bucks'  highlights?
Why aren't all signs in Chinese?
Heres the thing about this game. Giannis afraid of getting sweep thats why on this very 4th game, i dont know, is he intentionally got injure? And when middleton and the rest of the bucks won their 1st game against heat, giannis can return to game5 without worrying getting sweep.. Hahaha, funny move on the side of giannis
Bucks get bailed out by a terrible call.. how is that a foul on bam contesting that fade-away long 2 by Lopez when he’s sticking his foot out, which made him fall. Heat would’ve had ball with chance to tie or take a lead if that garbage call doesn’t happen. Players more than ever are baiting refs into calls, refs need to step up and stop falling for it
The real question is are the bucks better without giannis
How beat these niggaz with Giannis but lose to them without Giannis
Jimmy be chumping guys. Why Giannis let jimmy take his heart like that? He just Quit on his team.
are the Bucks better without Giannis? or the Heat is weak without Giannis?
Whats his Name "KHRIS" 👊🏾
When Giannis was holding his ankle that is one of those "can you see it" things because i swear that was his left leg lol
Am I buggin or did it look like the heat were lowkey looking for that ankle on giannis
That thumbnail tho 😅 cant determine if they are twins or what 😅
just wondering where is Giannis??? 🙄🙄🙄
Wtf was that last play Miami, better off trying to shoot from half court than trying to successfully land a hailmarry pass.
Did Giannis duck on this one?
why the hell are there no highlights in the first half for the Heat? Who made this one?
Where was Giannis?? I did not watch the full game.
Anyone here thinking a reverse sweep or is it just me?
now it's different... can a team come back from 3-1 deficit...
Am I watching heat vs bucks or buck highlights only
First take: Is Giannis overrated?  Stephen A: Hell No!! he is a victim of white privilege.
Is that giannis fault that he re-injuried his ankle?
If ever there was a chance to come back from 3-0 is this season, because it's a wild card for every game and we've seen a number of times already that momentums can shift very fast. The bucks were crushed on the floor and Heat didn't finish them off. Middleton got out of slump, defense played better, and if Giannis comes back rested after playing 1 quarter in 4 days, the Bucks would have a good chance to win game 5. If that happens, it's game on.
How was that not a charging foul on Divencenzo Dragic wasn’t in the restricted area and he beat him to the spot
Giannis' last game as a buck?
Middelton out here playing like kobe, since when? i'm referring to his play syle cuz he be hitting some tough shots
Can someone explain why they play better without Giannis?
ESPN: Should the bucks trade Giannis and start Marvin Williams next season?
Why can’t the Bucks always play like this?
What time is Giannis going to next season?
This is the first time I've seen Middleton clutch in my life lmao where was this all other games down the stretch ?
I had faith dat we wouldnt get swept but ion kno if we gon b able 2 make a comeback
What's the point of the 2 minute rule if the refs can't change calls...bucks had a great game but i think this series is over next game
Will world of bucks be the first team to comeback from a 3-0 deficit? LeBron could never do that with cleavleand
Now is when people ask "Are the Bucks better without Giannis?"
ESPN: Is Giannis Holding the Bucks Back?
