You've been on some nice boats.  What boat has been your very favorite, excluding ol' yeller? If different than above, what is your dream boat? Maybe one you've yet to board. Thank you for the years of your life that you have so graciously shared with us. It has been a wonderful viewing experience. The boys are growing up too fast. Gods speed.
How about some ali yachts mono and cats!
1:04 What is this gorgeous black boat? Have Riley and Elayna sailed on it as well?
13:30  “Dad, why did they build the Great Wall of China?” “To keep the rabbits out son”
Hello Hope you’re doing well I was just wondering what’s happening about your boat as I’ve not heard nothing about it in the morning. Hope all is well
How is the trimarin coming along?Good saing .All the best to you and your fine brave Aussie family.Bon Voyage.
Could you perhaps do a video on what qualifications and training you need to operate a boat. Imagine I won the lottery and set sail; only thing I've been on is a ferry in Scotland. Disaster guaranteed.
@SailingLaVagabond    .. Big Question.   Can you guys comment or video comment on some real aspects of sailing the GB57 single handed or as a live-a-baord family. This was great, but with a crew and captian, it appeared to be a vessle that needs a crew not just 2.  Thanks Mate.   @BarefootDad. (downunder)
What happened?  It’s been more than 2 weeks since you’ve posted a video.  All okay?
I have a sailing/boat question.  I hope it's not too stupid, but I'm just learning to sail.  Why don't I see in-mast furling mainsails on catamarans?  It would seem that they would be more practical on cat than a monohull so you don't have to climb up on top of a cabin top to put in a reef.  Thank you.
Where the hell are the vids. I get burnout is supposed to be real hard to deal with but an excuse to not do vods unless someone writes a check is not why I subbed. What is going on?
Anyone have an idea when the next vid will be posted?
Hello from Canada 🇨🇦 Have you ever been in the Northumberland Strait in between PEI, Nova Scotia and New Bruinswick Any chance you would come to see where the largest tuna are catch north of Prince Edward Island?
You guys are awesome!   Hi. What animation software do you use?  Starting a podcast and wanted to animate some stuff. Thank you!  Love your videos!
Will you guys be making a new La Vaga logo for the tri? including Darwin of course!
man ive been waiting for years for your new boat where the heckkk is it mannnnn
Hi guys… just wondering why you were tailing the lines? Spinnaker sheets, maybe?  Anyway, great channel and really enjoy watching. Have fun, sail safe.
I don’t know Elayna… might need to see what the pink & mustard look like… 😍😍
What week was this? I was in Solomon’s for a week sailing my little cat. I’m talking 14’. Just want to know if I was there when you were. In-laws live in Solomon’s.
Have you thought of doing an Australian circumnavigation series? There's so many random places I see on Google maps it would be so cool to see it all.
Nice videos on the Gunboat. I do have a question though. I may have missed it in the videos, but is this a good single or couple sailing boat? It always seemed like you had a couple of people doing the work. Whether raising the quite large sails, or other tasks like docking there were many people involved. Would more crew than 2 be needed? It seemed like it.
What's the hat brand?
So, what's your CO2 footprint these days?
Elayna, you both are amazing! New fan here. Thank you for all you do. YES I love the boat tours. PLEASE can you share in a reply where you shop for your linen tops? Xoxo
To me is seemed like the Carver's rear thruster simply stuck in the on position?  is that even possible? I don't think the stern or bow thrusters work very good when you have the main props engaged.  That is a big, heavy boat, with hardly any visibility from the helm.  Takes experience to move in tight quarters.
Hate to get personal but the new hair colour is aging you can we get back to blonde please, we can put up with the odd grey hair but BLACK is awfull. Like the GUNBOAT but will never be able to afford one .
interesting to see the different boats, keep this going.  I was wondering if the two of you have thoughts that this is something you should have done prior to committing to the Rapido, not that I think the Rapido isn't worthy of being featured in this boat tour.  Just that you may have a few more ideas.
Some crew???? You mean people who actually know  how to sail!!!!!
I DEFINITELY like these types of tours!  But i'm also very excited to see you all on your trimaran!!!  Gorgeous color!  Main sail color...hmmm...not an easy one.  While navy and white is a clear choice in my book, it wouldn't give that awesome radiance of the pink.  Something in the red/orange family would go very well and give you great sun-filtered color.  Final thought....you can go totally retro with aqua!
I wonder if they'll be honest enough to answer if the boys have ever fallen off board 😂 My kids would probably have 100 times by now ❤
what did he hit he hit everything was the funniest sheet
I got a question..... no doubt an amazing boat.... but how do you lock up your kitchen? or is all that stuff just kinda " out in the open" when you are gone to shore and what not? sure it probably wouldn't be a problem in a lot of places.... but I think some places you may have to worry about things getting stolen....... or maybe I am just paranoid ?! anybody have any thought on this?
What is cost for few days tur?
Wonder why they call it a gunboat To me gunboats HAVE GUNS  Do some Old styles,too  You  have one in your list maybe it's the next one Of a long slender mono  Except for not being gaffed rig looks like Shamrock of the late 1800's
Curious to know if, after what you've seen touring/living on these vessels, you've had any hindsight about design choices made on the Rapido? Any changes you'd make?
What is going on with the boat you are having built?
I love this series of videos on other boats.  It's so much fun to see these beautiful examples and learn more about sailboats.  I can't wait to see the big luxury monohull! Is that next week?  Riley = James Bond next episode?
Hey fam, how quick is Darwin on his feet considering he's a sea-legs baby...? Maaan he shot down that hallway in a blink!
Did anyone notify the marina about what happened?
When motoring, the engine noise was quite loud. Would it be deafening when the engines are running for a whole day during a passage?
Vaga II is not sold yet?!?!?!?
What if betterhelp is actually AI? 😂
“Is this a Diamond Shroud?”  “Yeah……”
How old is the Gunboat? Are they the original owners?…did you guys say brand new it’s $4mil?!
Love this, the submarine thing I’d love to know a bit more about- any more info on this?
A wonderful bird is the Pelican His beak holds as much as his belly can He can hold in his beak enough for a week I wonder how the hell he can?
Could you single hand sail her, Riley?
How many people do you need to sail this boat could Riley and family sail it on there own or would you need some crew long distances
RE: 25:05... Why are large window considered a no-no? Is it a structural/rigidity concern?
Just curious, with Vagabond Adventures doing so well, what happens to your mate that was running it when you sell Vagabond II?
Could you sail this vessel without the crew? Just your family of 4? What would be the 1st jobs that you'll hand over to the boys as they get bigger. Thank-you in Advance. Greetings from the West Coast of Canada
When will your boat be ready to sail?
Why is it called a gun boat? I don’t get it…
Do you know what happened with that boat that crashed into another and then fucked off without leaving any details? Surely you've got this as evidence to the owners
I love your show, guys. Just wondering, does anyone know how a sail boat comes to be called gunboat?
Chesapeake Bay!!?? Y'all are in the States!? Ahhh! Not far from me 🤣👍♥️🥳 I'm a Virginian. Wish we could have met up! Safe travels 🙏✨
What's a gun boat, never heard the term b4. Besides the military
What is the meaning of y’all’s boat name
1. WHEN DID DARWIN start talking!?? 2. If neither Elena, nor Riley are behind the camera, then who is? I’m just curious.
If LV Adventures is doing so well, why are you selling LV now?
HOw do you handle healthcare in all the different countries?
Why are they called gun boats?
Great video but why no view of boat speed while under sail?  Also, I have to question the objectivity of the review.  From your intro, it sounds like the owner asked you to help get publicity to sell the boat.  Seems like it would be pretty awkward to offer negative opinions in that situation?
Wait Riley where was you safety line going up that mast???? What a gorgeous boat. Lovely hair color elania.
Is this just a warm weather sailing boat
Great boat in the Chesapeake or the Bahamas, right, w all the space.  Probably great too in the W Indies.  But how does that forward, giant cockpit w big windows work an ocean crossing and 6M seas?
Top boat speed in that hood wind?  20 kts ?
Of course we want to see as much of you as possible. But can you actually continue that for long term without being able to make one of these your own? It might get tires some packing unpacking from one to another. Don't get burnt out guys. ❤
What have you done to your hair Eleyna?
I'd love some technical education about the boats you're trying out. For instance: what makes a gunboat a gunboat? Is it the brand or something about the design? Love these videos!
how fast did she sail ??? share some numbers. thanks
Hey guys, what stocks are you investing in? One day.....peace....
Love the boat tour videos ❤ Maybe do them 2x per year ??
Why is it called a Gunboat? It makes me think of a warship.
