What is that on the screen chocolate ice cream
Estonia being the LEAST religious place is considered negative? lol how is actually engaging with reality and rejecting outright lies written by hopelessly ignorant men supposed to be a bad thing?
Where is Latvia, Lithuania, ?
How is Estonia being the least religious country in the world a bad thing?
Isn't Armenia clearly in Asia? : D
Belgium counted everyone who died of an unknown lung condition as covid deaths during the crisis, whereas most countries didn't count anyone but absolute confimed covid deaths so that statistic is iffy
Regarding Estonia being the least religious country in the world, why is this in a list of things the country is bad at? I imagine most Estonians would argue it's a good thing ;)
Is this offending or are you telling us this
why you dont highlight all islands of greece but if is ward to do on edit or sm else ok because triggers me greeks peoples lol
Why is least religious bad???
Russia is technically in Europe??
how dare you... how could you... why? Why is SARDINIA not white when it comes to Italy? This is an inconceivable serious error. I say as Italian and I live in Sardinia and it is the first thing I saw. nice video :) however I don’t think we are very different culturally 😶
How death penalty still in place is negative?
why still having the death penalty would be considered something bad?
5:03 isn’t china the least religious?
Iceland and cannabis? Huh🤔🤔🤔🤔
Really? Do we REAAAAAAALY don't know what Austria is worst at?
Where is the uk
Is least amount of religion a bad thing or a good thing?
How are Armenia and Azerbaijan in Europe
Why is "highest consumption of beer" considered a negative? Beer is just liquid bread with a bit of fun added in.
Is turkey that occupies 40% of Cyprus, not northern republic of turkish cyprus, since no country with this name exists or is recognised by the UN or another country, except turkey.
austria is the worst at naming villages,have you ever heard of the village in austri that is named "fucking" and the school there is named "fucking school"
Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan are in Europe now? What’s next, India?
Armenia is in Europe ?
Can you please turn on English captions in settings? They won’t allow an English option unless you set it, but all I see is Vietnamese, so thanks🙄
Where’s america?? Oh wait we have freedom
Why was the Netherlands not included?
Least religuis (Estonia) and lowest rate of vehicle ownership (Azerbaijan) — how come those are on the worst list? It's actually pretty good for them.
how is germany able to have the highest homeless rate? They have one of the best social systems in the world
Where is Norway?
Azerbaijan and Armenia are not in Europe. and Kazakhstan ?? Please...
Highest beer consumption per capita... Is that bad?!
Why being the least religious country in the world is considered bad?
This guy apparently never saw a map of europe. smh Dude, are you gonna make the entire asian continent part of europe too?
Russia where?
Why should the factoid the Estonia is the least religious country bad,  inquiring minds wants to know?  In my book that's a plus.
Americans don't even know what countries are in Europe, why are Americans so uneducated ?
7:06 Is cannabis really a bad thing?
ahem where is l and mabye others? and kazakstan isn't europe
Sales tax? Really, that's the only thing? :D
Wait what?? Others have less taxes??
Me, a czech: How is this a bad thing? 4:32
and spain?????????
Wtf were is Spain and Portugal???
Italy and Portugal least culturally diverse, that’s considered a bad thing?
What about Switzerland?
Since when Kazakhstan is in Europe?
Why is being militarised a bad thing? Why is death penalty something bad? Why is not being culturally diverse something bad?
I love your videos but could you turn on the automatic English subtitles?
Why is being non religious a bad thing?
Where is The Netherlands the best or worst in?
What has energy to do with alcochol XD
Is it me or did he skip england in this part
Why is Sardegna not a part of Italy?
Why is Estonia not needing religions bad thing?
Armenia is a european??
Where macedonia?
Austria is great!! Reg Andorra: are we sure Andorrian population is smoking all these cigarettes VS the high amount of cigarettes are just bought there because of local production as well as maybe the tax situation?
what about northern ireland?
Being least religious how is that bad
Sardinia is part of Italy, Corse is part of France. Do you remember this two islands in the middle of Mediterranean?
Sorry, when did england, scotland and wales leave the european continent? Or did i miss a massive shift in scientific consensus on how we define the continents of the world?
So the smoke of Iceland isn't vulcan?
Does Belgium really have more COVID death than North Korea? That seems hard to believe.
Since when Kazakhstan is in Europe ?  Back to your map and see.
I'm sorry for the bad news. Is it bad that you're not bad at anything? 0:26
Where is Portugal
Why is Russia not on this list?
The way this guy pronounced Belarus?
why is captions vietnamese
Armenia is more east than turkey but in europe?
Estonia being the least religious country in the world is a bad thing?? If anything I'd say it's a great thing for many reasons
Since when was Kazakhstan considered European?
Man, Caucasus is basically... Asia?
wtf happened with the subtitles ?
Since when did Armenia and Azerbaijan count as European? It's east of Turkey, which is considered Asian.
Since when Armenia, Georgia and Azerbaijan are in Europe?
4:30 was this video not supposed to be about the worst things not the best?
4:15 wait how is 6.4MB or whatever slow? my internet runs at a max of 2mb and a low of .3mb
1:46 how is least owing cars a bad thing? Also this countries aren't exactly in europa, so why are thy being counted?
How Belarus death penalty is bad? I mean all countries needs them.
How is a country being the least religious a bad thing? Seems wildly subjectivr
If Finland is both the happiest and the most depressed country, does that mean it's the most bipolar country?
How is beer consumption a bad thing? How is being non-religious a bad thing?
So we just gonna skip over England? 😢
Moment, being the top in beer consumption is the "worst"? We have been proud of this for a long time. 🙂
How come Estonia being not religious is something that this country is "worst at"? Way to go Estonia!
Belgium, Worst roads?
7:50 WHY ISN'T SARDEGNA WHITE?!?
I might be wrong, but why thumbnail highlights Ukraine as a European country, while Belorussia and Russia are not included, aren't those two European as well?
The Netherlands is just forgotten?? And Luxembourg? 😂
Why is cannabis consumption arguably a good thing while beer consumption is negative?
Where is Norway??
In Armenias defense in the militarized question they are surrounded by two of their mortal enemies
Armenia and Azerbaijan in Europe? The what?
why is ownership of a car a criteria? that's so random.............
When did Armenia and Azerbaij become european countries?
I'm sorry how is being least religious bad?
Azerbaijan is a European country? That doesn't seem right.
Where’s the uk? We’re shit at loads of things, you couldn’t even pick one?
Why is it bad that more than 80% is not religious in Estonia when have religion done any good in the world? but only separated people and starting war and hate towards one another
5:04 how is it bad to be non-religious = intelligent?
Latvia and Lithuania?
Dude, you know Romania is in EUROPE right? I don't see Romania in your list.
Estonia doesn't believe in invisible friends that want your money... Since when that became a problem?
Armenia and Azerbaijan in Europe??‽?? Just because they participate in eurovision doesn't mean they are in Europe
how the hell does iceland have the highest consumption of cannabis in europe??
So the countries unnamed are the ones you do not know what is the worst about them or what they are worse at? Latvia - worst at governing, government is worst at lying and talking with community. Worst at stealing money from citizens and funds given by EU when it is obvious where that money goes. Worst at pretending nothing has happened. They are good at being corrupted though.
"Can you find what thing Austria is the worst at?"  Painting.
Why is Estonia’s lack of religion seen as bad? Surely that’s a good thing.
bruh why do you include belarus in your thumbnail graphic but not russia. politics aside, get real
8:45 what is kosovo? kosovo is not country.
Is high militarisation level bad on its own? We have to admit we are still living in a pretty unstable world.
Wouldn't transinistra be less recognize then kosvo?
Sardinia is not Italy??
I don't really know if not being a religious country is something bad?🤔
why are there so many non european countries in this video lol
Armenia and Azerbaijan in Europe??? Read a book!!!
Not sure how being the least religious country in Europe is a bad thing?
Where is serbia where is montenegro where is russia where is ukraine where is Lithuania where is litvania where is portugal where is spain where is Switzerland and others
Why is not needing religion a bad thing?
I’m confused how is being the least religious country a bad thing?
5:00 I'm sorry, but how is not being religious bad?
Can someone explain the denmark one?
how is armenia, azerbaijan and such included here and not in asia tho
How is it being the least religious bad? Now, having the largest pay gap... that IS bad.
How is being the least religious country a bad thing???
You do understand the difference between "European countries" as in countries on the continent of Europe, and "EU countries" as in a completely diff thing? For a European, this title is misleading. EU is not Europe, it's a union of *some* European countries.  Additionally, Kosovo is not a country, nor a EU country. Get your political facts straight. This list is garbage
How the fuck is Azerbaijan in Europe? Its in Asia.
how is having death penalty bad?
Isn't it good when more people have no car?
Where is the netherlands? it doesnt matter if you dont do it but at least mention it
Not sure if Bulgaria is the poorest EU country... We're gonna have an debate
Let me guess how you calculated the paygap, you took the total of all the jobs men occupy vs all the jobs women occupy instead of comparing the pay of the same work they do per hour.
What, why Estonia not giving religion much important is a bad thing? I think that's commendable
What the Hell is Omerose?
Albania is also the only? Muslim country in Europe. I'm not saying it's inherently bad, I'm just saying it's rare.
Is Estonia having the lowest religion a bad thing?
Belgium is not worst at anything?
Is Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia (Saqartvelo) really in Europe though?
How is ”least religious” a bad thing in Estonia?  (I’m not saying it’s a good thing, but it’s not a bad thing neither)
how is being the least religious country a bad thing? religion led to both good things in history as well as bad things so it's neutral to be or not be religious
You included east thrace but not european russia? What kind of monster are you?
why is kazakhstan and not romania......???????
how did he forget the UK is in europe?
Pssst Kosovo is not a country...ask UN ;)
Wow you make people sad just because you’re telling them that their country is worst what is that feeling? If someone told about your country is worst? Well I thing you would not feel good like the people you told them
Azerbaijan with the lowest rate if vehicle ownership? doesnt that mean they are the best at not producing co2 ?
Where is poland and uk?
I dont know if i am supposed to be glad or sad that austria is worst at nothing
Are places like Azerbaijan even considered part of Europe. Cullturally they're more relatable to the Middle East/asia.
Is Poland no longer in Europe xD
Where Norway??
4:55 why is that a problem? Gender earning differencess are due to men and women making difference choices
Why does the subtitles have a stroke or something.
How is the Belgian one something we're bad at??
Any one notice that he forgot to color that one Province of Azerbaijan That's on the other side of Armenia
How are Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Kazakhstan in Europe ? They are in Asia
Since when is Armenia, azerbeijan, kazakhstan and cyprus in Europe?
can someone explain to me the meaning of "pop smoking" ?
7:48 since when did Sardinia become independent?
Why least religious is bad?
5:05 Wait, is "least religious" a bad thing?
How is Estonia being the least religious country in the world a bad thing? It's really neither good nor bad
How is being the least religious country bad or good? I mean that sounds like religion is a purely good thing and that is just bs.
Armenia is in Europe or azberjian ? I guess west of the urals
No McDonalds is a bad thing?
Where is switzerland on this list
How exactly are Armenia and Azerbaijan in Europe?
Some of these countries, such as azerbaijan, aren't really in europe are they?
how about ukraine?
How is least religious a problem?
Why are Armenia, Georgia and Azerbaijan here? That's Asia not Europe. Europe's border goes through the Urals,then along the coast of the caspian sea, then either above the Kavkaz or potentially at Russia's border, then through the middle of the black sea, through Istanbul and along the northern coast of the mediterenean (+ most the Islands and Cyprus).
Ukraine where?
since when is armenia located in europe?
How about Turkey? You included kazach
about estonia: how is not being religious bad thing?
And where is Latvia and Lithuania....?
How being the least religious country is bad?
how is least religious worse? xD
what is bad about estonia having the least religious people???
5:04 okay but how is being the least religious country in Europe and (prolly the world) a bad thing? That should be in what Estonia is best at lmaoo
What’re the odds that I’ll watch a vid about Europe in general and the thumbnail chosen for McDonalds happened to have been one in my area of Flyover country in St. Louis USA?! What are the odds…
having the least amount of vehicle ownership is not something  bad imo, its jst a testament to their good public transport maybe?
5:00 is that bad?
Why is to be the least religious country in the world a bad thing? (spanish here, not estonian, Im just curious)
where is romania
Kazakhstan on this Europe list? Are you thick?
By cultural diversity,what do you mean
What’s the captions?
But where is the netherlands
Please next time do wales scotland and Northern Ireland separate to the UK
What about Scotland, Wales and England?
Armenia,Azerbaijan & co  = Europe? Everything East the Bosporus is Asia..
Wait did you forget China, and is America considered United States?
Are sad finnish people leaving the country or killing themselves? That is the only explanation?
Excuse me, about Bulgaria what do you mean by the poorest country in EU?
how do georgia azerbaijan and armenia count as europe
Armenia is in Europe?
The Netherlands: Am i a Joke to you?
Wait, where is Slovakia????
Anyone else thinking that Albania, Czechia and Iceland have absolutely smashed it? :D
Wait.. but a couple of these countries aren't European... ami missing something here??
Where is England
WHERE IS ROMANIA????
Austrians? Art.
Armenia isn’t in Europe? I just paused it when that bit came up so I’m sure there will be more non European countries included
How are Armenia and Kazakhstan European countries?They are Asian countries.
Where the hell are Serbia and North Macedonia?
Armenia is in Asia isn't it???
How is drinking a bad thing?
Why are you gendering countries?? Just sounds wrong, she iceland?🤢 its not a person
Why no one talks about how the link is reallifelore  *_34_*
Surely Austria and Slovenia are the worst at being the worst at something?
Why Vietnamese subtitles so Weird than Every Videos.
Am I the only one put off by the fact that they call inanimate and abstract things with a feminine pronoun? Goes with the same old habit of men calling important things that they owned or tried to conquer with feminine pronouns (ships, cars, the sea). Things that aren't humane, are mysterious and unkown and/or used as a tool. Like they viewed women in general.  Do you really want to continue that?
Why is it bad that estonia is the Most unreligiuos Country in the World?
im so confused about how kazakhstan is in europe
so kazakthan is in europe but turkey is not ?Just how no joke ? how when they have Istambul ? I really don't get how ?
whats with this channel calling countries "she"
Why is having highest atheism rate a worst thing??
Why Kazakhstan here?
Estonia is bad at being a religious country? Wtf is this criteria?
Since he didn't mention Turkey, does that mean turkey is best country in Europe?
nogorno karabakh, northern cyprus,  abkhazia, YO WHY!!
Where is serbia ? There is kosovo but where is serbia on list ?🥺
wheres england at?
could you use different intuitive colors on the map?  Sometimes it's confusing, which one is land and which one is water.
Poland? Romania? Lithuania? And others? :((
How exactly is Estonia being least religious considered a bad thing?
The Netherlands??
Where Ukraine at?
Maybe Bulgaria doesn’t have the worst population decline, maybe their just the best at losing people.
hum why is being not religious a bad thing ?
7:49 is Sardinia independent from Italy? (American video confirmed)
Where is Sweden and Norway?
Since when Armenia and Azerbaijan are European countries?
perhaps finland has the highest rate of depression because people with depression are more likely to get a diagnosis and seek help. it's likely the rate of depression is similarly higher than what may be officially reported in other countries, because those with depression can't always bring themselves to seek help.
5:00 why is it bad to be less religious?
Where was The Netherlands?
Over 2% of Boznia is covered with land mines? Like that's a crazy stat.
Since when Azerbaijan and Armenia count as Europe? Not even a Turkey is european country, since Istanbul is widely recognized as a bridge between Europe and Asia.
5:04 why is that bad?
How is estonia being the least religious a bad thing?
Maybe the number of Andorran cigarettes is biased by the fact that cigarettes are much cheaper than in the neighbouring France and Spain, hence people from south-western France and north-eastern Spain go there to buy tobacco and cigarettes ?
Are we sure the high smoking rate in Andorra isn't just people from France and Spain travelling there to take advantage of lower taxes and buying large quantities of cigarettes? Andorra's low population would exacerbate the effect.
Austria is the worst impersonator of Australia?
How the hell is being number one in beer consumption considered the worst?
How is being the least religious a bad thing?? also, is mcdonald's some kind of divinity or what? not having them doesn't mean anything
How is Estonia being the least religious country in the world a bad thing?
Estonia? How is the least religion a bad thing? Doesn't mean anything
Kazakhstan, Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan are located in Europe?
How is Estonia not being religious a bad thing? Striving to rid the world of religions should be humanity's goal in 21-st century. They are outdated, and they only bring divisions and suffering, based on lies.
Least generous?  ...I mean- Most people barely have money to go by, how will we also pay charities? In schools we gather food and give it to the poor, we do that 2 times a year (or 1 or none depending on the area and school) but still people do that
What austria is worst at? All I think about is.. prevent a painter from becoming a dictator? Just kidding. I love austria. But maybe agricultural sector? With all those mountains i guess.
Did you seriuosly not put Sarden in italy?? Its one of the biggest frikin countries in italy and you dont mark it? Like??
Why is the death penalty bad?
why isnt anyone talking about the fact that he mentioned armenia and azerbaijan but they arent in europe
how is being the least religious country (Estonia) considered a bad thing?..............
Why isn't Ukraine in the video?
Why did u excuse urself for Austria and Slovenia but not for the other countries like Serbia Moldova and Romania?
Not having McDonald's is a bad thing? Since when has this become a negative sign?
How is lowest religion bad?
Do they also have some classes that have to do with erotic techniques at skillshare?
Is Kosovo even a country???
How come you mention the "least religious" as worst?! It's clearly an indicator of best, because it means the most educated :facepalm:
netherlands?
How being the least religious country in the world is bad?
Why being an atheist sould be a negative aspect?
Where is England?
How is having less cars bad?
I have a  question :why being the least religious country in the world is being the worth?
why would not having a mcdonalds be bad tho?
Wait, drinking the most beer is a bad thing? 🤔
How is bad to have the least religious population?
What happened to Sweden and Norway?
Wait am I not getting something here? What's bad about beeing the least religious country in the world? (Estonia around 5:00) that might be the best thing about the country..
Where is spain, the netherlands,rusia,poland,england???
Wen Armenia and Azerbaijan become  part of  Europe?
Armenia and Azerbaijan are Europe? What's next, all the -stans?
lol what's bad in Belarus having death penalty itself? The problem might be with unjust sentences, not the capital punishment itself.
what about Spaain??
whats bad about the death penalty?
What's the point of a video like that? We are lucky and proud to be European in Europe.  See how violent can be society in USA? BLM, undeground tensions that could explode?  Greetings from Italy.
How is low on Religion something negative in Estonia?
Where is norway? Are we not the worst at anything?
I always thought Azerbaijan, Armenia, and Georgia were in Asia?
What about Faroe Islands? We always get left out
poland?
and why highest consumption of cannabis is that bad and wrong? lol
Why is not being religious ”bad”?
4:59 how is that a bad thing?
Isnt being the least religious country something you are best at ?
why exactly is the highest consumption of Beer per capita something negative? *asking for a german!
So whats Lithuania worst at as a Lithuaniain idk but i think its our suecides we are usely in thr top 3 in the world.
5:00 Since when being religious is good? Being the least religious country sounds very good to me.
And what about Slovakia?
What about Iran? Is Iran also in Europe?  Lolxou made laugh out loud literally
Where is the netherlands
Okay, but why Sardinia isn't glowed with white together with Italy?
Is it so bad for Estonia to be the least religious country?😁
How do you expect Greece to be charitable when it's in such an economic crisis?
Austria? WInning wars
since when is armenia and azerbaijan part of europe?
Where Romania at? 🥲
Wdym Finland is the most depressed country? According to what? Highest number I could find was 6th in Europe (9th in the world)
5:06 wheres the Problem?
why would it be bad to have the least amount of religious people in a country?
Do you even know Europe's boundaries?
armenia is part of europe since when?
Since when has Kazakhstan been in Europe? Or Azerbaijan and Armenia for that matter
Do you really wanna know what is Austria worst at?
Are you sure all of these are in europe?
Idk if it’s just me but the Caucasus isn’t in Europe
Finland can’t decide if it’s happy or depressed.
iceland is a she?
Where is Swiss?
Latvia? Lituania? Russian part of Europe? Portugal? and thats whats coming in my mind with y poor geo.  knowlege
Bro, Romania, Moldova, Serbia and more, where are they?
Armenia, Azerbaijan, those asian countries have anything in common with Europe?
4:54 why is lest religious a particularly bad thing?
7:20 i dont see why a dependency on something is good
5:08 why should this be a bad thing?
POV ur searching for the country u live in
Why is a low religion rate bad?
hello, where is Latvia?
Why is being least religious the worst?
How is being non religious a bad thing?!
Isn't Cyprus part of Africa?
You mean Europe and West Asia?
Video: The biggest problem of Belarus and the Czech Republic is high consumption of alcohol and beer Me as another Slav: So where's the problem?
4:34 why is the consuption of beer bad? We are very proud of it
Czechs: Is highest beer consumption suppose to a weakness?
5:01 how the hell is being least religious a bad thing??
Ey yo where Poland at in this video?
im wondering, but why do people include Asian countries like Armenia in Europe? In Sweden we are taught that they are Asian countries.
A question i always asked me... why are azerbaijan and armenia sometimes assigned to europe and sometimes to asia
is being the highest militarised country in Europe a bad thing?
How is the least religious country in world a bad trait, should be the most religious country
Why Estonia being unreligious is a bad thing?
Why there wasnt LATViA?
does this guy know where europe is?
9:00 why are serbian states getting their own segments?
Wtf are these subtitles
9:28 What about governing a country? Any class for that?
4:32 Is that something bad? greatings from Germany
Isn't not having many cars a good thing tho?
I wonder who left the landmines in Bosnia...
Wait the countries have gender
Have you ever visited Italy? I don’t think so. I live in the center of this country and for me people who live in Sicily are almost foreigners. Especially talking about the dialect
how's being non religious a worst thing?
What is that country call Kosovo i live in Serbia and never heard for that?
so is england a country?
What asia is worst at video pls
How is being not religious bad? 🙄 how can critical thinking be bad?
Why do I have automatic subtitles in Vietnamese? 😂
The buffer zone is in Europe?
Is it correct to refer to a country as she? I'm not a native speaker so I'm confused
Am I the only one who is wondering since when Armenia is a part of Europe?😅🤭
Why is Greece bad
Do you actually know what countries are in Europe?
Ok how is not being religious a bad thing? I'm confused
Azerbaijan? Europe? am I tripping right now or have you gotten your continents mixed up?
Should people in Estonia being non-religious really be classified as a bad thing?
How is Estonia's lack of religion a bad thing?
How is still having the death penalty a bad thing?
Armenia and azerbaijan are not i europe or am i being dumb? They are in asia..  🤷‍♂️👀
why your every video has problems with subtitles ????
Kosovo is a disputed territory not a country
What are these subtitles lol
7:48 Why is Sardinia not lit up? Sardinia is an Italian island
Least religious is a bad thing?
I'm not sure if the death penalty remaining in Belarus makes them the worst at that front. There are upsides to it.
Why is it bad to have the lowest precent of people which are not religios?
Why leave out Sardinia in outline of Italy?????
What's Austria worst at? Being the nationality of Hitler
How can be not being religious a bad thing?!
Why is Estonia being atheist bad?
Memes of today: Is Israel a legitimate state? Memes of 2027: Is Kosovo a legitimate state?
Is Estonia being the least religious really a bad thing?
What is the background music?
I wonder where the data about smoking in Andorra came from. Probably is from selling data and those don't take into account that, there, cigarettes are cheaper and french and Spanish people go shopping there as in a duty-free.
How could you? How could you not include Belgiums great capability to form a government?
since when was armenia and azerbaijan in europe lol?
Bruh, how the fuck does Cyprus have faster internet than me
5:00 Is that a bad thing? I'd like to remind you that some of the most religious countries are also quite poor.
Now I wanna know why these bad things happen to those counties
Did he say slovenija? I think he mised slivenija or i just wasnt payin atention
Wy Are there country s in the list that aren't in Europa
Austria: The worst when you ask "What was Hitler's actual nationality?"
Why is Estonia being the least religious country in Europe even a bad thing?
I just Ask! IS IT BAD TO NOT BE RELIGIOUS?!?! I just feel ofended bc Im not religious!
Estonia being the least religious country in the world....is a bad thing??
so???? What is wrong whit Czechia?
Not sure why you'd count least religious as a flaw.
Maybe we drink a lot of beer, but is it a bad thing? Also we produce the best beers in the world! (And then we drink most of them anyway, so not much of it exports)
Where is the UK?
8:47 why serbia has highest unemployment rate?
Where is Slovania, Serbia, North Macedonia, Montenegro etc.?
Rest of Europe:What do you guys rank worst at?  The former Soviet countries:Yes
Isle of Man: Am I a joke to you?
What happened  to Poland ,  Romania & Sweden  ? When did they left Europe ?
denmark us the hardest country to make friends in: are we really that mean?
why is it a bad thing to be the least religios nation?
Wait what? Azerbaijan is in Europe?
Swizzerland: what r u worst at? Kosovo: YES
Why are few religious people bad?
how being the least religious country is a bad thing???
Austria is the worst country in terms of beein recognized as its own country during conversations....  If you talk in the Austrian tongue in public youre gonna be referred to as ''that german guy'' and if you describe to them that youre actually ''that austrian guy'' they'll ask you if crocodile dundee is still catching them kangaroos  in your backyard
Why is this guy referring to countries as “she”?
why do we refer to countries as she?
Why having a death penalty in a country is a problem?
Albania is the only country that never had a McDonalds? What about the Vatican City? (And no, the one that the media called "the first McDonalds in the Vatican" is not in the Vatican, it's just in a building owned by them but actually in Italy)
What's the problem of death penalty?
what do u mean Kosovo is serbia
I'm a little confused with Italy being the least culturally diverse country since every single regions of the 21 have different traditions, dishes, holidays and customs
Why is bad that estonia is the least religious country? This is good and a step forward to rational thought.
Yo can you focus on America they have got, I don't now 3000000000000000 things they are worst at.
Since when are Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia part of Europe though?
the sources of that informations please?
0:20 how is that disappointing to them they should be proud
Arent like 5 of these not in europe but in asia?
Can you explain to us why when you show the map of Greece you forget most of the islands?
Ok but why was Sardinia not highlighted with Italy
in cyprus we have 5g, how our wifi is slow?
Kazakhastan is at europe but turkey is not? What da
Azerbaïdjan,  Géorgia, Kazakhstan in Europe ? Where did you learn geography ?
why is he including some asian countries in europe tho?
How is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing?
Belarus doesn’t have slaves..? I was born and raised there and never ever in my life heard about slaves there. Your can call Belarusian people slaves or prisoners of Lukashenko, but it’s kinda not the same thing lmao
how do you even end up homeless in germany?
Why is the atheism in Estonia a problem?
Are u going to make another one?
Are you sure where the European border is ? .... no offence .
Why is militarization bad?'
How is being "the least culturally diverse" country bad, exactly?
How is having a death penalty being the worst at something?
and what about Slovakia?
Italy: where is sardinia?
Is Austria has the most bully in school?
...isn't Azerbaijan already West-Asia? And I'm also not sure about Armenia being european either, we also never included Kasachstan. Continental borders are weird here, I learned this quite differently.
How is having the death penalty a negative? I'm happy to know that rapists and murders are being killed
Wait where is Poland?
How's less religion a bad thing?? Way to go, Estonia!
Kosovo Is Serbia ❤️ why put it as a country?
New vid idea  What if the eu became one country?
Since when are Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Kazahstan European countires???????
Why is the highest consumption of beer per capita worst? 😂😟🇨🇿
How is death penalty bad? Death penalty = less murders
How is Estonia having the least religious ppl a bad thing?
anyone from Andorra here? i really doubt those 17 cigarretes
4:38 only?
Why is Aserbaidschan in this Video? Its not in europe 😂
Why would not having a McDonald´s be perceived as a bad thing?! Or not having religions? Those are definitely positive things!
Since when ar Asian country's like azerbaijan suddenly europe?
4:33 How is that bad?
Why is he calling countries "she"
Is estonia sexism or like everywhere else in western culture is it due to factors such as hours worked, jobs, time off etc ?
why is drinking beer a bad thing?
When was no cultural diversity a bad thing?
Why being the least religious country in the world is a bad thing?
6:52 Lol how come some of the Greek islands aren't highlighted?
What's so bad about Estonia not being religious.
Am i blind or there is no Serbia?
I'm confused why is it "she" when reffered to island ??
So...Greenland is the worst at being noticed in this video? 😅
Wait... IS GEORGIA REALLY A PART OF EUROPE?!  YEEPEE!!! ^_^
How come you have included Kazakhstan in this rating but haven't included Russia. Facepalm
Why isn't Russia included in Europe countries on the thumbnail map?
Lol .. since when is armenia part of europe??
I'm asking myself what Belgium is the worst at that has nothing to do with covid
What is modern slavery?
Is "Czechia" name really a thing?
since when is Kazahstan in Europe?
How is beeing the least religious country a Bad thing?
How is not being religious a bad thing 🤔
How is a non religious country something they are bad at?
Do anyone knows wheres spain?
Kazakhstan is actually in Asia RLL??
how is lack of religious belief bad when you measure it objectively
Since when is Kazakhstan a European country?
What is Austria bad at: fighting wars
how is not having religion a bad thing
Wheres Britain ????
What about Switzerland?
What about Romania, last time when i checked it still was in Europe.
Since when Azerbaijan and Armenia are in Europe?
what do you mean greece is the least giving country? you mean exports? if you mean that, it's correct, we only import goods even if we have them at our own!
So Kazahstan European but Turkey not????
How is Bulgaria the poorest country in EU when Greece literally went bankrupt couple of years ago (Gross external debt: $372 billion as of September 2019)?
Since when is having many cars a good thing?
Kazakhstan, Georgia? Where did you learn geography?
Wait austria isnt the worst at something ? What is my homecountry doing
Armenia and Azerbajian? Really?
where is Serbia?
I’m not sure but Azerbaijan and Armenia are in Asia aren’t they? I believe Europe and Asia are split by the Ural and on the sea via the Bosporus.
Would Czechia being drinkers of beer really be a bad thing??
How can more than 100,000 people in Belarus live in slavery??
Where is Romania 🇷🇴?
Did someone notice that Albania Armenia Aserbaijan Belarus Georgia Kosovo and Kazakhstan are no members of the european union
Armenia? Europa? Azerbaijan? Wtf is this Europe?
Did this person just call Iceland a "she"? lol
religion as a positive and cannabis as a negative... wut?
Is non religion a bad thing??
Why exactly is a low rate of vehicle ownership bad??  Anf why a low religious rate? It's not bad or good! It's a personal opinion
Isn't the suicide rate in Finland so high because of the dark Winter?
What's this new meme of including Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia in Europe? Is this some new classification cuz they've always been part of Asia.
Why is it a bad thing that Estonians are mostly unreligious?
8:52 Northern Cyprus: Am I a joke to you?
Not being religious is a good thing for Estonia, it means less barriers between everyone, why is it considered a bad thing? Xd
Whats bad about being militarized?
Andorra smoking 17 cigarettes per day...? So low
Hungary only sucks at sales tax? Damn, and I thought we suck at pretty much everything.
why does some countries have gender?🤦‍♂️ geez man why do say like "she has...lowest/highest etc"
What is bad about being the least religious country? Isn't Estonia best at this then?
i don't get why we have such a high mortality rate i think it's misleading beceause we assume sometimes that people died beceaus of corona while that wasn't the case if you compare the videos we've seen from other countries like China or Italy, out hospitals were overcrowded but not that overcrowded
What is wrong with death penalty?
finland depressed but also happy  how?
Wait, why is least culturally diverse a bad thing?
ARMENIA AND AZERBAIJAN???? in EUROPE????
Highest consumption of beer? So what's that being worst at? Irrational video dude.
Greece less generous?? The only country(with Italy ) that guarantee help in any kind of crisis in EU and all over the world?  Check your facts... Sweden did this not Greece
I have a question? is being at bad thing something to be described as worst at?
How Estonia being the least religious country is a bad thing tho?
Where is poland?
Wonder what are the sources of these statistics.
Isn't poland an european country?
Modern slavery in Belarus ? You need to visit UK or Germany 😂😂
hold on there's nothing wrong with people not being religious
Why do you guys every time forget to mention Great Britain and Co. when you’re talking about Europe. You guys are even talking about Iceland and and the landmass still doesn’t disappear.  From continent. Questions upon questions.
Why is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing for Estonia? Maybe this is the best aspect of the country🤔
Not trying to offend but why is having the least number of religious people a bad thing in the case of Estonia
I live in Finland- so mum, could you PLEASE take me to a therapist, i’ve been asking for half a year now and it’s getting worse...
Where is Romania tho?
how is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing?
I clicked because of the poo on the thumbnail and wanted to know which country is the worst.
Slovinnia Belaruss Herzagohvinna How do you pronounce these simple country names wrong
Is this a keyboard ? Lol 0:58
why is Estonias not  religious thing bad?
Where’s the UK?
Why is least religious automatically a bad thing?
Is not being as religious bad?
Arent armenia's territory os not in europe geographicly? I guess you put it thier becaise of thier cultural/religous ties woth europe.
Where tf is Armenia in Europe? or Azerbaijan?!
How is being the least religious country something bad?
What is Germany worst at? -Trains on time...😅
Does he even know the borders of europe or why are three asian countrys in rhis video?  And why is it bad for estonia don't to be so much religious?
4:32 How is that a bad thing? lol 4:59 This is a good thing.
wait.. what is wrong about "least religious country"?
Your definition of Europe is... questionable
Why are there so many austria-ww jokes? We also have josef Fritzel!
Where is Japan? for real, learn which countries are in Europe if you want to make video like this.
Wait, highest beer consumption per capita is a bad thing?
How about netherlands dude?
Why is it bad that a country isn't religious?
Armenia and Azerbaijan are technically not in Europe how could you include them
Learn which islands belong to what country: - Sardinia to Italy - Aegean islands to Greece  - Andriatic islands to Croatia
But sweden.are they bad? For im from sweden
How is being not religious a bad thing ?
How is being least religious a... bad thing?
Why it is an disadvantage to be the most unreligious country like Estonia???
where is romania?
Armenia is in Europe now?
How can finland depressed but still happy? Someone care to educate me?
What time is england on
What's the small island between Scotland and Iceland (South West of the Faroe Islands) at 7:09?
Why is Lake Garda, Lake Balaton and Lake Geneva on the European Map, but not Lake Constance?
Armenia? Azerbaijan? Georgia? Not trying to be xenophobic or anything but aren't these countries supposed to be part of Asia, rather than Europe? I'm genuinely confused.
Least religious coutry is a worse thing??
whats wrong with Czech
My friend lives in Europe Imma ask him which part of Europe he lives in
7mbps? Wow what problem! while i got 0.1mbps
Where is Slovenia,Slovakia,great Britain and more
Wait wtf Armenia Azerbaijan and Georgia are in Europe?!
Where is England
You know that Azerbaljan is in Asia?
Kinda unrelated but if you know the name of the song he used please let me know.
How is Estonia being the least religious country a bad thing or being worst at?
Australia is a Continent and a Country? Secrets
Should’ve done Wales, England and Scotland separately.. don’t just “United Kingdom”. That doesn’t tell the story of three different nations.
Why czechia but no Poland? You put even Estonia and Belarus instead? What
How is being Atheist a bad thing? 😅 We can tell you're not from Europe haha
Since when countries like Armenia and Azerbaijan are considered Europe?
Wait and how is the highest consumption of beer per capita (Czech republic) bad? If anything that’s what we’re best at.
Why put Kosovo when its not even a country?
And why is death penalty a bad thing?
watafak man? You mention the best thing about the Czech Republic, what is worst?
Why is not being religious a bad thing?
Why is consumption of beer bad? Beer is good for you and is cheaper than water!
Where is Romania? Dude
Where is norway?
(5:00) Why should that be a bad thing?
How is Finlands happyest country spot a problem?
still waiting for the netherlands
Armenia is the most militarised? How?
Why is "least religious" a "worst"?
Where is the Netherlands
Excuse me? Where dfq is lithuania?
Where’s England?
Where is Romania? =/
So atheism is a bad thing?
Why Estonian Atheism is a bad thing tho?
How is belgium the WORST at corona?
Pls where is serbia
how is having less religion something necessarily bad?
Armenia is in Asia? so they can't have the least powerful passport in Europe... And also Azerbaijan do these people even know Europe?
Surely least religion is a good thing?
Where is serbia
how it comes that he says "she" when speaks about country? didnt know countries has genders.. or all of them are female gender??
Not having a Mcdonald is bad?
Wait since when have Azerbaijan, Georgia and Armenia been part of Europe?
But why didn’t you say about Russia?(
Anyone from America watching for fun?
Where is India?
Where is serbia
5:20 Excuse me, what?!
maybe the reason finland is simultaneously the happiest and most depressed in europe is because they prioritize mental health so therefore more individuals are diagnosed as depressed as more people actually seek help, and in turn it’s the happiest due to its mental health priority? idk
What about Switzerland??
Macedonia? y tho noone thinks bout it
Wheres sweden?🧐 Or is it just to good that is hasnt anything bad in its country?😂
Please do a what countries best at video. Thanks in advance :)
5:00 Why is that a bad thing?
5:48 yo John Smith, is that a “Man in the high castle” reference?
Who else was trying to find their own country?
Why do you keep calling countries "she"???
Shouldn’t northern Cyprus be the country that is least recognised as a country? It’s only recognised by turkey
What is the highest Hyperthyroidism rate in US and in Europe?
Do one of what country has the most annoying tourists :p
Having the lowest cultural diversity, is that really a bad thing?
Why been the "Least religious country" is a bad thing? It's not worst, is't the best thing.
When did Azerbaijan become part of Europe?
how can andorra be the smallest without an airport when we have monaco?
why is not being religious a bad thing for Estonia?
Why is Estonia being non-religious a bad thing?
So.. forcing criminals to work instead of wasting tax payers money is.. bad? If that's called slavery then I support it
Wait... Most militarised is a bad thing? I would say it's good
What is that island called between ireland and iceland i cant find it on the map, it is at the bottom of the screen when iceland is pulled up
Uhm one question, why do you refer to countries with He/She, it should be referred with It, right?
How not being a religious country is a bad thing?
wait.... belarus has slaves?
Isn’t being most non religious country a good thing?
can we note that is SO much easier to get a degree in, for example, moldavia than in Italy? Thanks
4:52 How is a "gender pay gap" bad or good? If women chose to work the lower paying jobs and work less hours than the men, is that a problem?
4:44 What does it mean? Language barrier? Danish attitude?
why is most beers drink per capita a bad thing?
How about the Baltic countries?
Why is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing?
What about romania ? And Kazakhstan is in Asia, not Europe. And Kosovo is not broadly recognized. Disapointed
since when death penalty is a bad thing? why we have pay taxes to keep people who killed other people??
So Switzerland isn't taken seriously? :(
Is the cigarette amount in Andorra really about them consuming it or is the figure so high due to cigarettes beeing extremely cheap and tourist come over there to buy huge amount of them and smoke them at home?
Question: why is it Bad to not have a high grade oft religiosity?
4:46 What are "ex pads"?
why does he keep refering to iceland as a she?
Where the fuck is Switzerland?
Since when is drinking beer a bad thing?
How is being least religious being the worst at something? Uh
England?
How is "Europe" defined in this video?  Where is the border of Europe that Azerbaijan is part of it?
How is being least religious a disadvantage? :D
What is bad about that we consume a lot of beer in Czechia ??
How come death penalty is bad? There are people deserving it.
Norway, Sweden, Latvia, Lithuania?
7:54 How is being "the least culturally diverse" a bad thing?! Quite on the contrary — that's something very positive. Not being a "culturally diverse" society means being a cohesive society. The so-called "diversity" is actually a fertile ground for divisions and conflict, as it has been the case throughout history and it still is in the present day.
Why are you referring to the counties as "she"? Shouldn't it be "it"?! They're gender-neutral.
Just wondering how is drinking beer a bad thing? Or having no religion?
Why is the huge amount of atheists in Estonia bad thing?
Why is it hard to make friends in Denmark?
Should the Caucasus mountain countries really be considered European?
Doesn’t having the highest drinking per capita mean that Czechia is the best at drinking not worst?
Why is being athiest a bad thing? I would say thats something Estonia is good at.
As a Czech, I must ask: why is that a problem?
Since when Armenia, Azerbaijan and Kazakstan are in Europe and Turkey isn't ?
5:31 France has border disputes with Madagascar, Comoros, Mauritius, Vanuatu, Italy, the Netherlands and What?
lol how is not beeing diversitised a default ?
*coughs* why is the UK highlighted in the thumbnail?
England???
Estonia? So why is the second fact about it, a bad thing, in your opinion?
Since when not having McDonald's and being not religious is considered a bad thing?
Why is Estonia being irreligious bad?
Wait how is Estonia having a high amount of non religious people a bad thing?
how tf is azerbajdzjan and armenia in europe?
wait.... how is italy the least culturally diverse country in europe? That can't possibly be.
How about things countries are good at?
How is the Estonian religious statistic bad? Also, not to get all butthurt, but the Belgian Covid-19 thing is wrong. This is partly the government's fault: they're overcounting deaths by Covid. People who pass in the hospital due to other reasons also get counted for some reason.
5:00 How is that something country is worst at? Thats good news.
What do you mean by "worst" lol.
Since when is Kazakhstan part of Europe?
8:49 what about Transnistria?
being the least religious country in the world is a bad thing?
why is not being religious bad?
Armenia and Azerbaijan is in Europe? Da faq
Why is not being religious a bad thing
Why should least religious be bad?  I mean religion has its pros and cons
What is the audio in the background? Sounds dope ♥
when far countries in asia was in europe??????
Why would being the world's least religious country be bad thing?
Speculations, no facts include in the video
In case you ask yourself why Spain doesn't recognize Kosovo as a country, it's mainly because its similarities with the catalonian and basque country's independece movememts
04:33 that's a bad thing?  05:00 why is least religious country in the world a bad thing?   04:43 Danes tend to have small but tight/strong friendship circles. and it is really hard to become part of an already established circle.
Why so many Greece's islands are black and not white It's like they belong to turkey. Be carefull with that
Being the least religious country in the world is a bad thing?
What is Austria worst at? Well Austria gave us Hitler...
What’s wrong with Estonia being the least religious country?
No but why is the exclave of azerbai not glowin'?
How is Estonia's lack 9f religion banned?
being the least religious is worst? i think it's positive because then science can take over and we can stop fighting over who has the ''real god''
A low vehicle ownership rate is bad?
Why Sardinia is not included in Italy?
What each country in Europe is worst at...  Czechia... drinks the most beer. Not sure that’s being the worst at anything.
Gender pay gap isn’t a bad thing is it?
How is least religious country a bad thing?
Belarus most authoritarian? Putin called, wants his title back
What do you mean by that is hard to make friends in Denmark. Everyone has at least like 10 friends
Finland sounds like the incarnation of that "when people ask who, but not how you are" meme
Why was least religious country listed as a bad thing? Seems like that should go under what it's best at
Can you stop adding your brainlet ideology into these videos? Try to be objective, not subjective — just because people disagree with you and your little western bubble doesn't mean it should be in lists like this.
So this guy includes Khazakstan in a Europe video but not Russia even though it’s the largest European country not including it’s Asian land?
Why did you count Arminian as a European country?
Americans: EXCUSE ME???
Azerbadjan in Europe? xD As much as Chile is in north america!
England?
I still son't know what's is the bad point of not having religion? Because I also don't have one.
Armenia, Georgia, Kazakhstan??  Not even partly in Europe, but OK
Wtf was that Belgium one though? We used a more fair system to count COVID-19 deaths, deal with it.
if a country isnt the worst at anything,  arent they the worst at being worst???
How is not having a McDonalds a bad thing?
How low cultural diversity may be a bad thing? Its awesome.
Is the Czehia really weakened?
Q. Should she or it be used as a pronoun for a country?
I guess England isn't in Europe??
Wait, Armenia & Azerbaijan are part of Europe? I thought they were part of Asia?
When did armenia and georgia become considered part of europe?
How exactly being less religious is being  worst at something? It is rather having highest rate of common sense.
Where exactly is the problem with Czechia?
Have you tried Czech beer? There’s a reason they drink so much of it!
I mean....is weed rly that bad?
How is low religiosity of Estonia a bad thing? It would make sense if it was lowest list but this is a worst list so that implies that not being religious is bad. It's either neutral or a good thing.
Caucasian countries in Europe? I think you get the prize for the worst at geography
4:35 149 litres per year is the highest? That's only a little over 1 beer per day, or about 8 per weekend, which doesn't seem like all that much. Part of me wonders just how much alcohol consumption is under-reported and under-represented.
The Belarus death penalty is a grey area imo, some people are just so far gone and done something so awful they can't be reformed and punishing them will do nothing.
Is Armenia and Azerbaijan geographically located in Europe? Thought its border lies at the Bosporus.
How can smoking weed be "arguably what they are best at" while alcohol is treated like poison
4:26 is this a country in turkey?
0:17 has this man a cowboy hat?
Iceland Canada netherlands cannabis union?
What about the Netherlands?
Where the hell is argentina?!?! 😡😡
how is being the least religious country something bad
Finlands depression rate is at 7%? That's more like the amount of people who are NOT depressed. Yet.
what is bad about being the least religious country?
Aren't the breakaway states of Georgia or Transnistria less recognized than Kosovo?
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Kazakhstan in Europe? Are you making your own geography?
7:49 and Sardinia?
Why Include the countries in the Caucasus region (Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia)? They are technically part of Asia
6:53 did the islands in the eastern Aegean became turkish?
7:50 Is nobody talking about how he forgot to give Sardinia to Italy or am I the only one who cares about it?
Do Andorrans really have a huge smoking problem? I thought they just sold so many cigarettes per capita because cigarettes were so much cheaper there than in neighboring countries so tourists always took a lot home with them
tis is also west-asia?
4:35 how is that a bad thing?
Why not include other information from Belgium
Least religious country is a bad thing?
Cyprus having shitty internet? If you dont live in a City with more than 1million Population in germany you have like 900KB/s
About Greece ... isn't it natural to not be generous when you have 1 of the worst debt crisis?
You seem to have forgotten lake constance (and Neusiedlersee) on your pink lakes on the map. or did you just want to avoid dealing with the maybe confusing looking borders if you put them in? @RealLifeLore
What is every country in Europe  best at
5:55 what about east Ukraine?
How deep does the dessert sand goes? What is at the bottom of the dessert?
Why he didnt include romania?
04:10 Is it not mega bytes per second and not bits?
140 liters beer per year? Those are rookie numbers
Wtf is kosovo doing here? This list is for real counties only, right?
What happen if ASEAN united?
do you know what europe means
Did u cover about England i mean uk??
Wait did you say not being religious is bad or did I misunderstand that?
Since when is being "the least religious" a bad thing? I'd argue the opposite.
How are Azerbaijan, Georgia and  Armenia in Europe?
Since when is Kazakhstan in Europe?
2:10 what's the problem with that?
Where’s England??
Wait... least religious country... is that a bad thing?
Where's UK?
4:35 I thought you were only listing bad things?
Ok,why is Armenia and Azerbaijan in europe?
"Least religious" is a bad thing?... WHAT?
Since when is Armenia, Georgia, Azerbaijan part of Europe?
Next time What if every country ending in 'a' unites
I usually like RLL videos, but how is Czechia being the highest beer consumption count as something they are "WORST" at? smh
Why did you not include Russia in the thumbnail?
Did anyone else notice that when Italy lit up Sardinia didn’t
How come Kazakhstan is European country?????
How is azerbeijan,georgia or khazakstan included?! They are asian not european
5:06 is this really so bad?
why is middle east in this
Why didn’t you count Turkey in?  Aren’t they a part of Europe too?
Am I missing something? England is still part of Europe
How is a low religion rate a bad thing?
Why are Armenia, Georgia and Azerbaijan mentioned? They are in Asia not Europe.
5:00 wha? Whats bad about that?
Are we all just going to pretend like Denmark is an actual place?
5:05 how is not being religious something you’re bad at
Aren’t Armenia, Georgia and Azerbaijan on the Asian side of the caucuses?
Why is Estonia being least religious considered a thing to be worst at?
why did you skip several countries like Moldova, Romania, Ukraine?
Why is being least religious bad?
WTF is with skill share? I'm a pot head watching random YouTube videos.. I don't wanna learn shit
wait I thought you were focusing on europe. the fuck when did europe extend into clear western asia?
How is being non-religious a bad thing?
Not sure if a lack of much cultural diversity is bad per se. I don't see how Italy being mostly Italian is an issue.
What about England? I guess we'll just get lumped in with the United Kingdom.
Did you forget Latvia, or will it be in the next episode? I will be patient!
why’s it sound like you’re in a closet
Why is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing?
Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan are in Europe? It's in central Asia
5:00 what is bad about being the least religeous country in eu? There are less chances of people doing dumb decisions , in Romania people asked the goverment to reopen churches during quarantine because " who goes to the church never gets corona"
How is Estonia having the least amount of religiosity a bad thing?
belarus consumes the most alcohol? im moving to belarus cya guys
How is least relgious country bad?
What about Switzerland? not in Europe apparently
what austrians are the worst at: economics
Why did you put Kosovo in your video and not Abkhazia? Both are disputed territories and not unanimously recognized.
Well i guess corsica isn't french and sardinia isn't italian, and azerbadjan lost its enclaves in armenia :o this video is very subjective.. Religion isn't bad or good, for instance.
Something that Austria is bad at? Well they helped to start two world wars...
Finland how the fuck can you be happy and depressed at the same time ?????
Ummmm where is the second part of Azerbaijan?
Why do I always get triggered by RLL maps
Have you considered that because of low taxes foreigners buy their cigarettes in Andorra?  It wouldn't mean Andorra smokes the most.neccesarely.
How is Greece supposed to make charities since it is in the biggest debt crisis in Europe?? The only charity we make every day are cigarrette charity ,lol
5:00 why is that bad actually?
How is not being religious a bad thing??
Lowest rate of vehicle ownership is a bad thing?
Sources please? Last time I checked, Czechia was Europe's least religious country, and the eastern part of Germany was Europe's least religious region.
Oh I am so excited to see what you've come up with concerning Sweden ☺️🇸🇪❤️  Edit: Did I miss something, or did you omit Sweden?
Every country where is norway and swedan?
Only 1 at belgium? Hows that possible
How not being religious could ever be bad?
Is Estonia being the least religious bad?
What is Britain worst at?? 1) Drinking coffee  2) Leaving Europe 3) winning worldcup/any cup (in football/soccer)
Can you do this with asia next?
Not sure that being the least religious country makes Estonia bad somehow.
Me who saw this video on my phone at 3am  I don't need sleep I need answers
Where's United Kingdom?
Maybe Austria is the hardest place to get citizenship in?
Wait is UK and Switzerland not part of europe????
As a complete geography nerd I find it strange Azerbaijan and Armenia is counted as a part of Europe
Why is biggest beer consumption in Czechia BAD thing???
So Estonia has two made up problems then? ;D
5:07 what is wrong whid that?
Im so excited to find out if America is worst at healthcare, police brutality, poverty or democratic elections!
Why is drinking beer and alcohol bad? 🤔
How is "least religious" bad?
Why do people refer to countries and ships by “she” instead of “it?” I had to stop watching before the video was over.
Slovenia gang where yall at?
Wait there are slaves in Belarus??
Not sure about other former Soviet Union Countries but in the Estonian SSR, religion was criminalized which could explain the extremely low religious participation
Something Austria is the worst at? Speaking German.
Something austria is worst at? Hmm wasn't austria the birthplace of a dude with a unique moustache?
Doesn't Europe end at asia minor?
?? Where's England??
Estonia and gender pay gap. Are we talking about just genders compared or does it factor in work hours, what jobs what gender prefers and so on?
Where’s the uk
Wait Estonia has Europe’s largest gender pay gap? That’s strange because Estonia also has the highest ratio of women to men at around 1: 0.82/ 0.84. This seems like a bit of a paradox, kinda like the statistics with Finland.
Why is being last in religion a bad thing? I think that’s a great thing.
Is Czechia bad at drinking beer? Don’t see why it’s bad
Why was a lack of religion depicted as a bad thing though?
How the heck is Italy the worst at cultural diversity?
How is Estonia having the lowest amount of religious people the worst? I don't think it's necessarily a bad thing.
How the hell is Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan in Europe but Turkey isn’t?
why is iceland a she?
This sorta reminds me of the Red Flag card game!  Where you going? xD
Why is no one flaming you for your horrible pronunciation of Belarus?
How is azerbaijdan in europe lol educate me if i'm wrong
But if Austria or Slovenia don't have anything they're the worst at, doesn't that make them the worst at being the worst at things?
When did Aserbajdsjan and Georgia become a part of Europe??
Why is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing?
Why are Asian countries here?
Issue with Belgium's corronavirus numbers is we counted every death in retirement homes as corronavirus deaths and other stuff like that.
How do you find this info?
Did you stop to think maybe Austria and Slovenia are the worst at being the worst?  They just are not good at sucking.
I guess Austria is the worst at being the worst at stuff?
What about Norway and Sweden?
Can real life lore make an Asia version too?
How is Armenia and Azerbaijan Europe??
Andorra: high level of domestic cigarette smoking or a busy smuggling/export market? You choose.
Estonia: why is a low level of religion considered a bad thing?
What's about not being religious is bad?
Why are low religious levels a bad thing?!!!?!! There’s no reason for this whatsoever
Why is DE KONINKRIJK DER NEDERLANDEN not in this list, it starts with a D.
I wonder how long it took you to decide which problems to pick for Bulgaria from the gigantic list we have...
Lol how can greece do charirity if they are broke
Poland?
why is estonia being the least religious country a bad thing ??????
Does anyone else hate rll's habit of referring to countries by she?
Whats your definition of europe? Not the geographical obviously (Azerbaijan, Kazahkstan,...), not the political (Kazakhstan)... Maybe the UEFA members? :D Football seems to be more important than you think over the pond...
Me questioning why this video trends in Austria: ? The video after 3 seconds: There ya go
5:00 on average! How is that a “pay gap” then? Its salary gap, there is no law saying you get more money per hour if you are a man
How the hell is having least religion bad? It's more like they're the best at it.
Is being the least religious even a bad thing
Do we mean ethnically European or geography, cause I’m confused now
How the heck does Azerbaijan and Armenia belong to europe?
As of my understanding, some countries like armenia are part of europe and not asia ? Pls explain
armenia and kazakhstan in europe? what?
Umm... Why didn't Latvia have a place on the list? If it not the worst of anything and, im proud.
If the Caucasus mountains are considered the border of Europe, why are countries south of the mountains often included in lists of European countries? Culturally they don't have any connections to Europe either.
Is death penalty a problem? For the condemned surely yes, but for the good people surely not
Just curious, how do you determine which country is a 'he' or a 'she'?
Curious about what he's gonna say about The Netherlands lol
Is there a video for the best features of these countries?  I have seen a video for the world, but I am interested for Europe especially.
Wait a minute: Being the least religious country is not a bad thing. Neither is not having McDonald's
What is Austria worst at? It is the homeland of the creator of the bloodiest war in history: the mustache man.
Background music?
How is being the least culturally diverse state a bad thing?
how is not being religious bad?
since when is armenia in europe???
YEEEEAA every country where is Poland Latvia Lithuania?
Why is armenia in Europe?
Would this be a series as I’d love that. Two (or more) for each continent
How is "worst at" and "least religious" even remotely compatible? In my world, being the least religious country is something they are BEST at. At that point i got fed up with this video because it's all just a bunch of poorly constructed opinions.
Who also did not know what Kosovo was until now?
Wait why is atheism on the "worst at list"? That seems more subjective than anything else if it's bad or good.
Czechs are wondering how that's a bad quality 😆🇨🇿🍻
why is armenia there?
Why Turkey wasnt inculuded in this video and  some  countrys in eu
So where do u find these ads at 2:49 And at 4:38 And 5:41 And 5:50 And 6:41 And so on?
Why would Estonia not being religious be a bad thing?
Meanwhile, just chilling underneath everyone else having their own debate, in Australia
Why is being non-religious bad?
Isn't Armenia completely in Asia though?
How are Armenia, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan in Europe? Are we going with the same faulty logic as the Euroasiaaustralovision or?
where is russia?
Russia doesn’t consume the most alcohol?
How did you stick Armenia and those other central Asian countries in Europe?
Is the Czech beer consumption really the worst? We, the Czechs, take pride in our beer. I’d say that most of us would disagree with you on that one.
RLL: if you know something Austrians are worst at.. me, an Austrian:  ._.
What is modern slavery, and how does it differ from primitive slavery?
I feel many of these countries aren't in Europe? Or since when are they? Even when I Google Europe, they don't show up. Even his thumbnail doesn't include them
Did you do what every USA state is best and worst at?
How is being the least religious or being without a mcdonalds bad?
Estonia not being religious is a bad thing?
Since when are countries east of Turkey in Europe?
How the fuck does "Least religious coutry in the world" qualify anyone for this list? That's a great thing after all!
Not having a McDonald's is a bad thing???
0:45 why is that a bad thing
How is not being religious a bad thing
3:58 Is this supposed to be bad?
Kazakhstan is a european country now? I thouht its Central ASIA
....This videos has multiple mistakes in it and i am honestly wondering how they got into it,Andorra for example its tourists etc buying the cigarettes and there is west asian countries in it?? like i understand perhaps Armenia but Kazakhs are literally Asian
5:00 isn't lack of religion a good thing tho?
I thought Armenia , Azerbaijan, Georgia, and Kazakhstan was in Asia?
5:00 how is least religious country a bad thing?
Who's moving to Iceland??
And what exactly is bad in being the least religious country in the world?
Why the heck do Brazil and China care about Kosovo being a country? It's so random.
How is low religious population percentage a bad thing?
How is being least culturally diverse a negative?
Does England just not exist then?
Is it just me or did he leave out the UK???
Austria has the worlds worst rate at not starting a global conflict?
Why do you call countries "she"?
How on earth is Italy not culturally diverse ?? Like north and south is like two different countries, plus really particular regions like Aosta valley, Sardinia, Sicily, Alto Adige... this country is like five or six put together. Compare that to Denmark, Ireland or Latvia.
Why is not being religious a bad thing?
What if Scandinavia was a country?
Whats Spain got against Kosovo? That's what I want to know.
Is there somethimg wromg with being non-religious.
wait what since when is armenia in europe
Czechs: This is a bad thing why?
Is England/Great Britain/British isles not in Europe?
God damnit I live in Ireland and why can't any one else in the world pronounce Ireland right
Vatican city, San Marino and Monaco have airports now do they? Must be so if Andorra is the smallest nation not to have one.
How about Poland?
1:00 It might be that French and Spanish people near the border buy cheaper Andorran tobacco in bulk? I know some frenchies go to spain to buy tobacco, the ones near andorra might go there
What’s Armenia and Azerbaijan doing in Europe? Rubbish video!
Why you mentioned that maybe cannabis consumption is good, but not said this about irreligion?
What’s up with calling countries ‚she‘? Who actually says that???
Since when caucasus is in Europe?
Why is having no Mcdolads considered bad?  Its great!
What does Italy being the 'least culturally diverse' country even mean? Like if it means between regions I find that hard to believe since there's so much different culture in every city and northern Italy is so different to southern, and if it means ethnic groups etc. there's absolutely no way that's true... Italy is WAY more diverse than say, Armenia or Azerbaijan where the entire population is pretty much one ethnic group and one religion.
9:05 Someone got lazy animating the last flags one by one? xD
Kasovo has the least recognition in Europe? What about Transnistria? Zero recognition.
How is least religious country in the world a bad thing??
Anyone else learn about countries they didn’t know existed?
Austria is the worst at being the worst at things?
What exactly is "modern slavery "?
Am I the only person who is slightly annoyed by the whole "she/her" for countries? Like it doesnt have a gender.
How tf can you be the happiest AND the saddest country? seems like either you're happy, or chronically depressed with no in between
Isn't it a bit too early to already crown the pandemic losers? It is till ongoing and not really slowing down globally...
Why is Estonia being the least religious country in the world a bad thing? As an atheist, I think that's a good thing.
How is death penalty and non-religious consider bad?
wait how can italy be the least diverse when they have 3 million romanians
Damn Finland made me sad, its’s one of the best countries in the world to live right? What’s making them depressed?
Wait a minute there are some Asia states in the video is it
From what time are Caucasus states europian states?
Uhh.. How's Estonia being the least religious country in the world a bad thing? Not like religion has caused most of the wars throughout the history...
Which country is the worst at having Toyota Corollas?  Man go back to your roots man!
Armenia? Europe? Azerbaijan? Europe? I should check up on my geography...
how is not having mcdonalds a bad thing?  EDIT: and again, how is highest consumption of beer per capita a bad thing?!
How is Italy and Portugal having there main religion as the majority religion bad? So it's only one thing you found that Italy is the worst at, being there graduations
i really wonder what is gonna be the worst for romania cuz jeez we’re bad at a lot of stuff
5:00 not sure If that’s a bad thing
5:00 is that a bad thing?
How can France have a border dispute with island nation Madagascar?
Why is death penalty bad?
Since when Azerbaijan and Armenia are in Europe?
Why isn’t russia in this viceo? There’s more land in europe than Kazakhstan has
Is turkey not in Europe?
Ah yes, the famed European country of... Khazakhstan?
Austria worst at? Peace.
Austria: 20th century dictators?
4:59 Why exactly is that bad?
Is England not a country any more then?
Uhh... austria was the birth country of hitler?
Part 2 when ?
Why is it all out of a sudden that everyone uses "she" to name a non-person??, What happened to "it"..🤔?
RealLifeLore on Estonia: How is being irreligious bad? That is a matter of culture and preference and is very subjective. Personally I think that is a positive. So I feel these should be statistically based rather than opinion based. Great video otherwise as always.
5:00 why is this bad?
Armenia and Cyprus aren't physically in Europe. Why include them in Europe anyway?
Me when i saw the thumbnail   Is that a giant poop
Has Sardinia seceded from Italy?
Have you ever heard of Romania ? It's in Europe.....
Since when is being a militarised society bad? And death penalty? And being Authoritatian? Pay gap bs in Estonia? Not being generous? Being the least culturally diverse? Some of these are clearly opinion based
Maybe I'm really out of the loop, but when were Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Georgia deemed European countries? I'm still in university, and they still consider the Caucasus Region to be part of Asia/Middle East.
Why do you include drinking beer as a bad thing? 😉Its for the relax after everyday work! And its still better to drink beer than the pure alkohol.  Also, it has in our culture strong origin so, i think thats kinda good thing.
Wait, Armenia and Azerbaijan are part of Europe? Arent they in Asia?
Are Andorra statistics about the number of sold or smoked cigarettes? Cause many french go there for cheap cigarettes...
why don't you have england? did you forget it is a country, also, were you planning on forgetting about whales, northern ireland and scotland?
What about Nazism and bad high education in Croatia?
Why is being the least religious bad wtf?
Azerbaijan has lower press freedom than Belarus?
How come the drinking of beer and being atheist are bad things? That's my entire life and I am not Finish! ;)
How is being the least religious country counts as being the worst at something?
The UK?
5:00 how is that a bad thing
Why do you refer to countries as "she" ?
And what is Czech Republic the worst at? Your research is terrible.
1:55 isn't lowest vehicle ownership a good thing?
Wait why did u put the caucasians part of Europe Edit: i mean the caucuses Azerbaijan, Armenia and Georgia are in Asia by definition
Doesn't Finland have the most amount of people on antidepression pills?
Worst coronavirus rate in the world: 900 people for every million. Is this what a pandemic is about?
Please, to make life easier for Nebula subscribers, could you add a direct link to the nebula version of videos in the description of future videos?
5:03 that is a bad thing?
Just curious mate, what geography standard were you using to determine what countries are a part of Europe? I am wondering because culturally I have been taught that Armenia and Azerbaijan, Georgia, and Kazakhstan are not a part of Europe, and is instead a part of whats called either the Middle East or a broader sense Asia. Usually where the border of Europe was taught to me was immediately after you cross the Sea of Marmara or make your way into the Western half of Russia.
Why aren't women fighting for equal pay in Estonia?
0:47 is it really bad to not have a McDonald's? Also lowest rate of vehicle ownership. And 4:00, 5:02 (second), 7:27 least densely populated country is bad? It is great!
Isn't that good though?
Why is it bad that Czhechia consumes that much beer?
26% sales tax is the highest in Europe? In Argentina we have 43%
5:00 Is it really bad? Because for an atheist living in a highly religious country that sounds great news
I wonder if estonia is actually the least religious or just the most honest about it?
Estonia - Is it bad to be artheist?
who doesn't like this map ?
Some of these are pretty subjective. For example, why isn't having the lowest rate of beer consumption counted as being the best in Europe?
Wait, but if you say we drink the most beer per capita in the world, doesn't that make us the best at drinking beer?
I was wondering where any uk countries were until I realised we left the EU last year
Are you going to do this series to all of the continents?
How is lowest % of religion a bad thing?
Where is england
How come being the least religious country in the world is something bad?
Where is Macedonia?🇲🇰
Why is the death penalty listed as a bad thing for Belarus?
How is Estonia’s lack of religion a bad thing?
6:49 are all the Islands not highlighted not a part of Greece?
Why is Armenia here?
I wonder when part 2 will come out
Italy having the least amount of muh “diversity” is a bad thing?  Right...
Where's Scotland?
Why is not being religious seen as a bad thing in this list?
The Caucasus are in Europe?
Why do you refer to countries as SHE? Why not say they?
Why being least religious is a bad thing ??
So... what is supposed to be be bad about Estonia's atheism?
How is not being culturally diverse a bad thing?
Am I the only one who thought Armenia, Georgia, Azerbaijan, and Kazakhstan are technically Asian, not European?
Armenia isn’t in Europe?
Not quite sure how being the least religious country is inarguably a bad thing; each person will have their own opinion there so it’s not something there’s really a case for being universally true.
I there any sources ?
Part 2 when ?
Excuse me how are Armenia and Azerbaijan European?
How is least religious country a bad thing??
Will Romania get its own episode since, I doubt that you can fit everything we`re the worst at in a single segment that`s just a few seconds long?
For me it´s akward, that Azerbajan and Kazachstan are counted as Europe- for me everything far eastern than Istanbul is Asia
What's the problem with being non-religious?
In which fantasy universe are Armenia and Azerbaijan European countries?
why are there asian countries in here?
Cultural influence measure? I'd like to see the criteria.
Good facts, but some are questionable if they should be making the country "worst" at it.
Isn't Armenia in Asia and not Europe?
How is Estonia's lack of religious beliefs a bad thing?
What about Sweden and Norway?
worst? [proudly czech smiling]
armenia and azerbajan are part of europe?
Please count Scotland, Ireland, Wales and England rather than the uk
why is island "she"?
Wtf did u do to serbia on that map, it hurts my eyes.
As a Czech, why should be drinking of beer considered as a negative point of view? We have the best beer all over the world and we are very proud of it...
Some of these "worst" are debatable. I wouldn't qualify being the least religious country as a bad thing, for instance...
Why is being non religious considered negative?
How is being least religious even bad?
Where was the UK? We’re still in Europe
Why ist beeing least religous country framed as a bad thing?
Why are all the countries "she" and not transpeople? UR HOMOPHOBIC
How can azerbaijan and armenia be in europe when eastern turkey isnt?
Least religious is bad?
@RealLifeLore did you do this video just for that "if you'd like to stop being the worst at something" skillshare segway?!?
Some of these could be argued to be good things.  What's up with Finland, though?
Why only Europe ?
where does this defenition of europe come from where kazakhstan come from ? cus dunno maybe just me but when i went in school and learned europe history the boarders was like turkey to russia to the east of where europe ends
Great video , Possible you will do a version of middle east ?
So Caucasus countries are Europe now? When did this happen? Is Mt. Elbrus considered the highest peak of Europe now, not Mt. Blanc? The French will be angry.
Kazachstan? Armenia? This guy doesnt know where Europe ends.
Why didn't Azerbaijan's exclave or the Greek islands light up? Also, why did approximately 1 in 1000 Belgians die from Corona?
7:55  That's a bad thing?
Does EU stand for Europe or European Union for you? Bulgaria is poorest in European Union but not in Europe
Waait is that all you could find on belgium? A few deaths?
Why is not having McDonalds and having militarised society bad
The Finland one kinda confuses me so can someone fill me in? Is it just the highest in terms of professionally diagnosed depression?
whats the matter with estonia?  is bad to have an atheist population? is it a thing that can be called worst?
Where’s England?
im sry but why is it bad to be the least religious country in the world?
How is Estonia having no religion bad?
How is a low religion rate a bad thing? At least those people don't get lied to.
Wouldn't all the break away states be the least recognized states instead of Kosovo?
Why is Iceland a she?
why is Kosovo there?Kosovo is Serbia.
0:50 are they using a mac keyboard instead of a tablet? lol
wonder if he will make one of these on all the other continents
Is it a bad thing to have most non-religious people in a country?
What does it even mean to have the most militarised society?
How come Ireland have more cancer patients if people of Andorra and Greece are chain smokers?
Why is Czechia having the highest consumption of beer considered treated as something bad?
Why are most smokers and most drinkers something they're bad at and most cannabis users something they're best at?
What about glory holes?
Next Episode: What is america worst at from a-z
5:00 is that a bad thing? I mean, I'm not saying it because I hate religion or something, but I don't think is something bad
Ok,i have a question. Why you didn't included Abkhazia and South Ossetia but you did included Kosovo? Situation in all 3 is same, but in this video it isn't...
Where’s england? We’re still a country in the European continent....
Spain?
why didn't you inculde nahcivan region with azerbaijan?
Where is the other half of the list?
Kazakhstan  Whaaaatt?I thought it is in Asia
So who smokes more? Andorra or Greece?
Why is Estonia having the lowest amount of religious people treated as something bad?
Since when is being the least religious country a bad thing?
Where's the UK
WW3 Is it again Austria?
Is Death penalty supposed to be a bad thing ?
Who is here before this video goes viral?
Wait Belgium has the worst covid mortallity rate?   I thought it was the US with it being higher than everything existing
let me guess: germany at humor
How is Estonia's least religious statistic something they are the "worst" at?
5:03 lest religious? and that is bad how?
Well ...so is Asia next or Africa?
Cyprus has slow internet? Ahahahaha never been in "little" cities in Italy
why is least religious a bad thing??
Hey can you make this series on continents of america,africa and asia
What was the background music in the last 2 videos?
Why is beer consumption listed as a negative? Leave my Czech friends alone 🖕
8:45 wait,what the...?!
Since when is Azerbaijan, Georgia, Armenia and Kazakhstan part of Europe?
Belarus has slaves what?
The Belgium one requires more nuance.  We, unlike most other countries, include suspected but unconfirmed covid deaths in the official statistics for covid deaths.  Additionally we have a very high population density.  The Czech Republic for example has a comparable number of people living in it but is 2.5 times the size.
Is it accurate to classify countries like Armenia and Azerbaijan as European ?
Share your skills with Skill Share Square your Space with Square Space?
Azerbaijan is in Europe?...does a quick google search...grumble grumble you may proceed
Why does fried potatoes get its name from France?
4:32 Wait, aren't we in that case the best in consumption of beer?
How is being number 1 at beer consumption bad thing?
Is death penalty a bad thing?
How tf Estonia being the least religious country in world is a good or bad thing??
Where is Luxembourg??
What if there is a channel called FakeLifeLore, his biggest enemy.
2:00 it has worst freedom of the press? I thought Russia or Turkey did.
Why is nobody talking about how RLL's notifications are turned off? When you try to click it, it says, "This action is turned off for content made for kids" It sucks!
Why is 'least religious' bad?
from when is armenia,georgia or azerbaijan part of europe?
Is being the least religious country in the world a bad thing?
I get the UK is no longer in the EU, but isn't it still part of the continent of europe? Correct me if i'm wrong.
Cheers Joseph, can I get pinned? :3
Can this be a series like for each continent
