And what phone number?
why does the name take half the screen
is it just me or does he sound like tanqr
I can't even read a long name and   can  i  say what for you name right no ok
Why did you stop uploading?
Wait...  1. the pin is glitched and under the thumbnail.  2.Yeah, it doesnt fit
JACK CAN YOU COMMENT ON THIS VIDEO AND THEN REPLY ON THAT COMMENT AND GET SOMEONE TO TAG YOU? 😂 DUDE THATD BE SO FUNNY CUZ ITD SHOW THE WHOLE NAME. I DONT KNOW WHY IM STILL TEXTING IN CAPS i obviously have your attention by now if you’re still reading  also you could just reply to this it’d save time. or just don’t do any of it you’re not gonna see this comment 😂
why was this recommended to me, youtube?
I got a notification for this video and it went off the screen. You should’ve set the character limit to 1000 and created a channel that uses all 1000 characters. What would that turn out like?
Where’s the floor
Are you only trending in the uk?
what if this was someone's favorite youtube channel me: hey what is your favorite youtube channel someone: oh its
Where’s switch it out?
Why did I get this on my recommended?
100k  are we gonna get another play button jack?
What makes even less sense is that the high end video got twice as many views as the low effort video, so what's that about?
Can I ask who this person is? This channel's videos just got recommended to me randomly-
Where is hi play button
can we get some merch with the channel name on it? id love that
Omg what the heck
i wonder what will the play button look like
Are you getting a play button?
When do you get the play button
Is anyone surprised?
how u got such long name tho lol
Reconmended? Funny
what video about that video? i thought this was your only account???
More under the desk videos coming soon? 😉
Why aren't these shorts
Why didn’t he say switching out
Why didnt You say "switch it out"
Have you gotten your silver Playbutton notification yet?
Will you try and get a play button?
Where was the "switch it out"??!?!1? This isn't a proper JACKSEPICYOUTUBECHANNELFULLOFFUNTIMESANDFUNHIRICKXHASGOTNOTHINGONME... video (i couldn't be bothered to write the whole name, ya know what I mean)
Okay this guy keep popping up in my recommendations who is this dude-
Pin me plz l want to know
jack what das your 100k playbutton look like
how tf is he blowing up like everyday. 5 days ago he had 72k and 2 days ago he had 100k. 23K IN 2 DAYS?!?!
Legend says he forgot something... switch it out?
Wait what?
Where was the "switch it out"
Reupload much??
Question, does this channel can already earn revenue?
What about the play button? Did you get it? Has it even Shipped? WHERE IS IT?!?!?!???!?? Edit from a few seconds later: I have no idea why I added that last one I thought it would be funny
Day 2 of asking for TurdBoi420 collab
I don’t know what to comment
What?
Wheres the "Switch it out"?
noice YOU GAINED 22K SUBS IN 5 HOURS?!
How am i supposed to search for your channel?
Can you try get the youtube award plz
No where to be seen on trending. You we're in my recommendation list though. Who are you and what do you do? How do I get you off my recommendations? No offense just don't see why I need your channel recommended to me.
No switch it out? Unsubbed.
What how am I early
How is there 76 views but 135 likes
