And Google keeps my address a guessing game.
If you don't have Microcenter, is Aliexpress becoming one of the most legitimate sellers of PC parts?  Never had an issue ordering from China, and after hearing all these stories I am starting to think I trust Aliexpress more than Newegg and Amazon.
I've only ever bought dice from Newegg. Why does Newegg sell dice?
Can i just get in touch with one of the smugglers and buy a board still warm from his prison pocket?
why does all your shit show up when i google newegg? i'm not using amazon, those censorial fucks... what does google have against newegg?
where is gn based?
i gotta ask, do you really only got amazon & newegg in the usa for pc parts?! if so, im shocked! here in germany we got atleast 6 relative big companys that sell everything for pc div builds!
NewEgg scammed me over a faulty CPU last week. I wish I saw this video earlier. Is there someone I can submit a formal complaint to to get my money back?
When you start trusting Walmart computer gear more than Newegg.... they might have some serious issues to resolve.
Did newegg try to bribe you? IF SO RECORD IT. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-c_rKnK-uAM    "Newegg Tried To Bribe Me To Not Make This Video"    newegg not giving promized charity prize after getting publicity, etc  #newbrokenegg
Does micro center mail their parts?
so just mobos and cpus? im still fucked with my 1000 dollar laptop. got it.
Sorry to talk off topic but this is where the smart people are.   Building dedicated  Blue Iris box for twelve 4k poe cameras.  Wanna keep the cost down, how much CPU/GPU will get the job done (moderate settings)? Thanks
No new content in 6 days? No update about the meeting? You guys ok?
The silence sucks! I'm curious what went down lol 😁
Yo, Steve, you still with us or did corporate-assassin-ninjas get you already?
See if you can get any info as to why Gigabytes name disproportionately comes up regarding the defective newegg hardware
Hey does anyone know what mic Steve is using in these videos?
No new videos for 5 days after posting this?  Did newegg put steve through their RMA process and now he is gone forever?  I will be sad.
You guys still alive or what? lol. I haven't seen an update in  a while about this story.
did we all forget about Tiger Direct? its the year of the Tiger afterall
Sooooo? Where's the interview? Has Newegg bought GN and silenced you for good? 😅
I know you are probably busy with Newegg  but will you be doing a temperature comparison for the Corsair 5000T? I would like to see the data on that one!
no video in 5 days. what happened?
So where is the on camera meeting? 🥴
Class action law suit...that is the question!?!?
Starting to get worried now....Did they have Steve arrested for trespassing? It's been a long time since he has gone this long without uploading something...
4 days with no upload? Is something going on here?  Also.   "Before that" ❤
Where are you located steve?us?
WTF new egg is selling ewaste as open box and admitted to it?  How is that legal?
Was this your first time on an airplane or something?
3 days later....nothing. to report?
wow days without "news" on milking the new egg fiasco dry . did they lawyer up?
I thought there would be a video not long after?
Nothing more than saving face. Ask the "small number" of others this has happened to without clout on social media and see how it ended up for them.
I see you have two Patricks you work with care for a 3rd?
And y’all thought he’s called Tech Jesus because of his hair?
Dude did newegg kill you? Been waiting for the next chapter with baited breath.
Well, looks like Newegg has updated their open-box return policy.  Hmm...wonder what spurred that change?
is it just me or is that Steffani hot?
the real question is: Will newegg do anything like this for someone that doesn't have 1.5 million youtube subscribers?
Is Tigerdirect no longer a thing?
Am I the only one that dislikes every single video so that youtube will stop recommending me this sh*tty channel? Here, have another. See ya next time unfortunatelly.
Still no post? 72 hours? Did Newegg have a Chinese communist party assassin waiting for you?
Just a thot...🤔...ask the Newegg rep what more you could have done from the start to have avoided all this bad revelation fiasco...aside from not buying from them in the first place(sarcasm). Thanks GN
When's the new video gona drop 💧
Steve, dude WHATS HAPPENING? You can't leave us hanging.
So did anyone see where it was sold to new, and returned as what back to Newegg RMA?
Check out Amazon RMA, there is a guy with kicks in his name, that buys all these rma stuff from, and I have watched TONS of his videos where there was a box that looked sealed, but what was in the box was missing, or different, so why wouldn't this also be the case here. I say I never used it, i send back a broken thing in its place, they do not do their job, resell and its never opened, but then when they actually do their job, see that the board is damaged, but blame 2nd person involved ;)
No new video uploaded yet? I think something big is about to happen...and Newegg f*ck this up big time. #notsuprised
Where do I get this special ability to reamin committed to something before actually committing to it?
When this is over, Id like to see a graph of the emails you received that had the same issue and if possible the date it occurred vs the number new egg believed had issues during that time.
Am i the only one? or Steffani Farmer just kinda THICC?
BTW, could you do a review of a Xidax PC?
How much is small number of customer? 500 👀
Coolermaster HAF 700 review ?
What, do they have a log of who is effected by this crap? HMM.
I have to wonder who got fired for this and how many others got in trouble for not checking that the person they were messing with was an influencer. And then how many non influencers get screwed potentially daily
Hey where is our newegg visit follow up? Were you abducted by evil newegg dock workers? Have you been murdered, dismembered and shipped to china in a thousand little newegg boxes? Inquiring minds want to know?
Is this the meta verse?
Whata the green stuff in the background? Is he outside? Dude what are you doing outside there's like nature out get there inside where it's safe
I'm not sure who's balls are bigger, yours for actually going there knowing Agent 47 might be waiting to drown you in a toilet, or NewEgg for even trying after all they've done.
So why doesn't Newegg just stop sell the Open Boxes? Would seem like a easy fix.
You guys over at GN ready to take on a new Venture and be what NewEgg once was a long time ago?? I'd buy all my gear from you guys in a heartbeat.
8:30 Steve pressed X to doubt
How much did they pay you for this video
Have they sued or threatened to sue you yet, to quiet you?
Would really, really be interesting if you were able to get any sort of confirmation from GB on whether that mobo serial# was one that was part of the end of quarter charge-back....  How does something that comes back from RMA with a big 'Dead' sticker on it somehow magically end up in the 'Good' RMA pile?
Could you ask them if they plan on banning scalpers on their platform?
A very small number of returns, a small number of customers. Wishful thinking? I think, based on the shitstorm of stories coming out, there is nothing small about this, and it looks worse that they're trying to minimize it.
9:05 Some of the users who may have been affected are bound to be viewers of this channel.  It would be interesting to ask if any of them has been contacted by Newegg.
Newegg, BADegg or just plain Foulegg. Which will it be?
Out of curiosity have you seen UFD tech's 2 videos on their extremely poor experience with newegg?
You should grill them on their 3rd party sellers with scalper pricing on items. Also 3rd party sellers that fill newegg listings with low quality junk.
Please ask what they are doing about scalpers, and shuffle
So, will I finally get a refund on the defective monitor I sent back 14 years ago, that they said wasn't defective because "less than 24 pixels were non-functional?"  Incidentally, at the time, they had an office in Aliso Viejo, two blocks from where I lived, and when I showed up on their doorstep, their security staff told me to leave.
They do it for years and now want to solve internal issues ?. They will do nothing but damage control image.
Another small but weird detail that I think really needs some insight into is the Gigabyte RMA sticker on the board itself. If this was the board that was shipped, in the condition it was shipped, and that it was cleared as a functioning board, then why is the RMA sticker on it still? Clearly it was never looked at when it was returned from Gigabyte to Newegg. If this was a genuine malicious attempt at a scam, at least at the point of putting it back into saleable stock, then this is a pretty poor effort at it. Still, (although we all know GN never opened the box, so we will never know for sure if it was always there) the fact that the Gigabyte sticker is on there now has greater implications than what it tries to clear up. The RMA inspector could not possibly have missed it, something that would be extremely difficult for any customer to fake -- let alone GN; there's an RMA number on there that can be referenced -- yet they intentionally chose to ignore it, on top of all the other evidence, to still pin this on the customer.  Imagine how this story would be different if the GN team did open the box and noticed the RMA sticker. "An isolated incident." This might have actually worked in Newegg's favour...  (Edited for clarity)
Isnt this the same company bundling exploding psu with gpus?
What about tigerdirect? Are they not a good retailer anymore?
who owns new egg?
why is there no date of upload statistic of your videos ? i have checked out linus tech tips and their uploads have a date next to the number of views but yours don't?? is this a new youtube feature or are your videos being monitored by youtube and they have changed certain statistics for them ?
Wasn't NewEgg purchased by China a while ago?  If so then they are not at all the company you used when you were younger and building machines.
Does no one use tigerdirect anymore?
So they will show up to any location?
Why are Linus not supporting you with stuff like this, and donate a bit when he nearly got unlimited funds & you both knew each other for long ?
I remember I bought a psu from them, and then waited 4 months and nothing. I contacted them and said they were out if stock but still took my money???? Luckily i got a refund but still
That is a nice stalemate for the future... But I would like to know how they are going to fix this for the people they have already screwed over? For those that had to just eat the hundreds of dollars they spent because Newegg denied their RMA.
WTF does this "Eric" guy at Newegg actually know about the RMA/Open Box resale process??? He sounds like a corporate shill that has no idea how things actually work inside, they really should have sent 2 people, 1 from your list and 1 from their PR team.
They improved procedures of handling returns of open box CPUs and MOBOs, how about RAM, GPU, keyboards, etc?
@Steve, once they recognize that these "isolated incidents" only affected a "very small number of customers", are they willing to refund these customers, say from this past year? Past month? Past week? Make them squirm a little, please, for us... :)
please ask if there was a policy change then what policy is it that they changed and why? what was it they identified as the problem and how have they tried to fix it?
Omg why can't they just own up to their terrible practices and change their attitude?
why is everybody so emotionally attached to this lol. stupid.
Steve getting grey hair from the situation?
What do I think will happen?  They'll try to buy you off with a new mobo that you should have gotten in the first place, along with a fancy new Newegg t-shirt and matching ball cap.  Oh, and a lanyard.  They know you like lanyards.
please can your editor use the music from the good the bad and the ugly for the video!
Uhhhh.... should I be worried having recently purchased a PC from them? Were there specific issues that only pertained to some builds?
Nice three paragraph letter Newegg let's see if you can actually change your shady business practices now that you've been called out on your bullshit.
Damage is done. Why would you risk using this supplier from this point on?
How could anyone misspell "Steffani" in that way?
How good are the graphics on this new set?
While  you are ask them why next day  air takes 1-2 weeks  on item that are in stock sold buy NewEgg ?
I use to have 100 Faith in them, but with current issues with GN n Brett I am beginning to question wether or not to trust them. I can drive an hour away from for a mirco center plus Amazon. I really hope Newegg fixes their issues unless they will less a lot of people support n faith in them as a electrics seller. Thank you whole team of GN for all you are doing n have done keep up the great work
Well if they would care about what they claim they care, why wouldn't they refund from the beginning? It's clear they just do damage control at this point and they don't really care about what they say they care. It's fun how all the "head of blabla" pop up when they have to do damage control, but they hide away when a legitimate customer needs support.
Please ask about the GIGABYTE PSU Bundles! And thank you for holding companies accountable through this type of journalism.
Hey man, did you use coconut oil in your hair after showering because your curly ends are splendid in the hotel room scene.
Newegg seem to know the problems. Will they fix it, Depends how many customer they have left before they realise how badly they dropped the ball.
How do they know that it's only a small number of returns? And if they know that these people have had this problem, why haven't they already reached out to those customers? It sounds like they know that it's not just a small number and want to downplay it, or don't know the extent of the problem, and want to downplay it.
hold up... the gigabyte sticker on the board was dated to 25th october while the return happened mid-late december? a bit confused on the timeline, but if that's the case then it's flat out evidence of fraud
Why the fuck is the sky flashing like that😂
At what point does the FTC get involved willful negligence and theft. How many already broken parts have they sent out and just "that's on you, you broke it" Documented proof shows up Newegg refused to fix parts and still resale them and blame the customer when they are DOA and decide to keep the money.
Is anyone else in awe of how fabulous Steve's hair truly is?
I'd like to hear what they have to say about banning addresses, accounts, and credit cards of people that have charged back money that was stolen from them by Newegg in this return scam since they claim they're always looking for "better ways to serve".
So you said you would get the interview out today?  Something holding you guys up?  maybee NewEgg doesn't want you to talk?
HAH "isolated incidents" - is there such a thing? I mean 2 maybe, sure, but anything after 3's a pattern......300's a pisstake. Isolated my eye...
I'm really curious about how this googles to impact how Neweg will change if ever? Hoping for the best.
Is this what actual journalism looks like???
How many people on the plane realized you were playing on a Steam Deck in flight?
Hey I was trying to buy one of your mouse mats, but I'm allergic to the blue pigments in the rubber. Is there any way I could get a hazel colored mat?
Maybe it’s time for a class action
You liking the California weather Steve?
and what about msi??
Strike list adding up for NewEgg.... -blame shifting.... -minimizing the problem when we know damn well know there's an elephant in the room. Will NewEgg off itself to hell in a handbasket?!🔥🔥🔥...only time will tell!!!
if they are gonging to change somethings why not change the "whole system" not just on specific items (eg: motherboards and CPUs). will that be a true change?
the ball is in their court now...will they dribble or pass?
This should be interesting...Will they be stupid enough to give Steve a bunch of corporate jargon to try to excuse themselves? Will the try to blame customers? Or will they own up to their mistakes, take responsibility and work on correcting their consumer unfriendly practices. It really seems that there are several companies that are acting against their customers lately. This could be a critical point in Newegg's history.
Wonderful shot of a Miata and a DeLorean driving by in the background.  Was that planned?
Make sure to ask them about the exploding PSUs when you talk to them as well!
Good luck with the newegg meeting.   Hopefully once that is done, could you spare some time to deal with Razer's garbage support pls ?
I wonder if the NewEgg "PR team" that end up showing up at the meeting are actually a team of lawyers... Good luck man. Thank you for what you do.
Ask if they would like to allow you to do a follow-up tour of their RMA process and Warehouse.  It would be a great opportunity for them to show that everything being discussed is being implemented and that they truly do care about the consumer.
Anyone else surprised that Steve isn’t a vampire and didn’t burst into flames while going outside?
Does everyone have their "Prepared PR Dept. Responses" bingo card ready for the interview?
Hmm. Am I the only one that finds it weird that in the end they're just going right back to suckling the tit of the "insert corporate machine" after a short bashing about something a lot of people have been complaining about to be somewhat relatable in a certain tragedy? This just seems too familiar. Like MSI supposedly scalping their own GPU's (or what ever they did) then a month or two after claiming to never wanting to deal with them again BAM! they're promoting some MSI sponsor like nothing ever happened. Meh maybe I'm connecting unrelated dots, maybe MSI did something I missed to completely prove their innocents, or maybe the buzz about said corporate machine has grown large enough to head back the other direction and have the majority of people that are unaffected so far from Neweggs crummy return and used part's practice to forget why newegg has been blasted up their ass in a perpetual marketing campaign for the last week or so and go back to buying from them. Don't worry people their not going to go right back to scamming people with "unintentional processing errors", everything is fine, nothing to see here, oh no we didn't receive a huge check from newegg marketing and you won't be seeing newegg sponsored videos all year... I'm sure this had no impact on people that have been burnt by newegg and promise to never buy from them again, to believe this was all fixed by GN so now they can go back to shopping at newegg... RIght? Right? Well like the say there's no such thing as negative press.
I'm just grateful I never bought used stuff off them. All the new stuff was working as expected but I still question what my future endeavors will be in upgrading my computers in the future. They offer good black friday deals but I am still scared of what is happening if shipment damage happened.
Pr director will have zero answers on logistics. I hope I'm wrong.
What happened to Newegg’s product reviews . In the past they were useful ,now nonexistent.
Where's the hot tub, champagne, and party people in your hotel room?
On the flip side, through a big vendor like MSI, something like a socket repair should have a known fixed price based on the socket type. Why would Newegg not already know what the repair cost was going to be before they sent it? Did they know because they were willing to pay $100 to repair a $500 board and it is MSI's mistake for not repairing it? Maybe Newegg did request the repair but the PR to pay MSI for the repair fell through the cracks and MSI shipped an unrepaired board back?
How many of you now that Newegg is a chinese owned company   In 2016, Liaison Interactive (SZSE: 002280), a Chinese technology company, acquired a majority stake in Newegg in an investment deal.
They sell more than just "motherboards and CPUs". What about the other stuff they sell? They are not going to change. You just have to be lucky
9:48 A duel in the Wild West? Seems more to me a Jojo vs Dio moment with GN approaching Newegg
So who is loading the pistols for this duel at dawn?
Hey what about for regular returns they've sent broken stuff to people that was supposed to be new and then claimed they broke it. Which in like half of the cases just couldn't be possible. The person never touched the hardware. These stories are prolific right now on Reddit, like thousands of them so.... I don't buy their bullshit!
What about past order they fcked up customers on? Wrong parts delivered, missing parts etc
I wonder how many lawyers are watching this waiting for class action territory.
Issue I have is they already ripped so many people off, including myself. There is no honesty in business anymore, they just want profit at any cost.
Would love to see if any of the people who emailed you before with similar issues, were actually contacted by Newegg to resolve questionable RMAs.
Did you guys hit micro center in Tustin?  Bar hopping with tubers?
Maybe you could pick up the $87 refund that they've owed me while you're there?  :)
Newegg's response gives me nausea. To them I have one question, how is it that Newegg has been completely unaware of this internal process failure?
WHO IN THE HELL (at the time of posting this) ARE THE "355!!!" PPL WHO ARE GIVING THIS VIDEO A "THUMBS DOWN"???  ARE THESE PPL CRAZY OR DID THEY JUST HIT THE THUMBS DOWN BUTTON BY MISTAKE???
why give them the free pr? let them do it the hard way
dont listen to me but looking at her business picture on her signature, it just looks like someone they hired off of the street. tf is that a facebook selfie?????
not sure why you think a company that does this knowingly based on the amount of customers complaining would ever change and loose the amount of money they save by being legally corrupt.
1🇺🇲👨🏼‍💼 Newegg is still around!?!?
ask questions that everybody will know they lied if they lied.
Wonder what Newegg stock down  92% would indicate?
Hey, Steve, While you're at Newegg, could you please ask them why every package I order from them that they ship via UPS has a big ass hole in it, including the box for my $400 monitor?
So, would now would be a good time to try to pick up a video card from the Newegg hustle?
How there is just Amazon, newegg and microcenter in usa now?  The heck?  Here in Sydney we have like 7 shipping everywhere plus small local guys. Then you have another 5 which are not located in Sydney but in another towns.   With pop of 25 million.
You guys couldn't even bother to wipe the fingerprints off the front of the case first? 🤣
don't you need to talk to CTO instead of the spin master? He's gonna feed you even more bs
What's wrong with Amazon??
Tech Jesus Christ, reading these comments, has anyone ever actually had a positive experience with Newegg?
ask them why they charge scalper prices in the newegg shuffle
Wait, you didn't fly out to CA for a duel in the wild west?
I'm not sure which saga I'm more looking forward to, Dr. Strange, The Rings of Power or Gamers Nexus vs Newegg!
I plan on building myself a PC for the first time. Do you have any tips on how to approach it? Without New Egg as an option, I don't know the best place to get parts.
Not to sound Prejudice or w.e but a VERY important question to ask newegg is who works on RMA and warehouse stuff, bc many companies it's 3rd world country naive employees that have no idea or qualifications to be doing the job they are given. To save $ of course for the company.
Does America not have lots of retailers for hardware?  Here in Australia I have 5 different companies all within a 10 minute drive away, with another 5 less than an hour away, all of who are selling a roughly the same price.
Is there any way to give you a 1-off donation? I don't really want any of your merch (especially given I'd have to ship it intercontientally), and I don't really want a subscription, but I do wanna support this.
Wasn’t Newegg brought by some Chinese company? Good luck rekindling that early 2000s brand  pride.
Hey Steve, why are they only changing their policy for the two products you buy from them. They sell everything. 😑
Guide his questions clearly and swiftly to ears of Newegg, so that he may be heard and answered in Tech Jesus name we pray 🙏🏾 Amen
Can you go after Overclockers and Scan continuing to sell 3070-3090 cards at scalper prices?
Steve, ask those mfers why we had to keep exploding power supplies if we wanted to keep the GPU in the bundle....hell aks why there are garbage bundles in the first place
I want to know if Linus has something to say about this Newegg scandal
I was wondering how long it would take the now Chinese owned company of newegg to start pulling this crap, oh well, I used to buy from them but that changes now, I should stopped sooner.
is he actually touching grass?
Please be certain to ask them about the 'Shuffle' bundles with the value added exploding power supplies.
Has Newegg restarted will call again?  That's one way to get what you order in good condition.
teaser
steve can you test the HAF 700 EVO?
I wonder if this will actually change anything.
Who puts their photo in their email signature? Seriously.
I would love to hear if anyone actually got contacted from Newegg.....Bueller?!
Can you request that they use straightforward, clear and concise language when they meet with you? This lofty PR language of "Customer satisfaction and integrity are at the core of our business" just sounds so disingenuous after all the stuff that they were just exposed for doing. If they really want to get the public back on their side, they can't just give some BS politician-style speech and expect us to believe them.  They need to honestly own up to their mismanagement, stop referring to it as an isolated incident (because we all know that is not the case) and actually start doing better.
That Gamer Nexus jacket is dapper! Do you guys have any anti-static mat on stock or backorder?
Could you do a quality check on CLX gaming computers?
One question I would really like to know the answer to.... If they appreciated the feedback of each customer and cared about their experiences, why did it take a guy with a platform to initiate a response? If they really cared, they would have looked at the complaints as a whole, and noticed a pattern. This is just damage control now, they know they have been rumbled and are trying to play the "we're sorry, we didn't know" card. Don't go easy on them Steve, give them what they deserve.
The question: could these issues be the result of the IPO back in May 2021? With public shareholders, policies and attitudes could have changed.
"Isolated incidents"..? Once it's plural, it's more a pattern of behaviour... 1 argument with a customer for asking for an extra shot in your coffee shop is an isolated incident, arguing with everyone that asks for an extra shot is a patter of behaviour. I could never work in PR, far too honest. If you need to spin it, you were doing it wrong to begin with.
So is Gamers Nexus "all the Kings horses, and all the king's men" and can they put "Humpty Dumpty" New Egg back together again? an eggcellent video. Make sure you are hard boiled with them, no treading on egg shells with the interview.
Ah! Talk about being left in suspense! Will GrantTheftEgg make things right, or continue charting New'er depths of low, scamming people they view as no more than fleshy wallets, and functionally committing theft? Stay tuned!
Is he OUTSIDE??
When will companies learn not to fuck with Tech Jesus? Bruh is ruthless
How many "isolated" incidents occur before they're no longer isolated? We expected PR spin. I would NEVER shop from them again.
Just remember the come backs: "You did not answer the question." and "No, that is not what I asked what I asked/meant was: <insert>."
What sorcery is this,  Steve are you being rendered via the Steam Deck outdoor sandbox omnipotent Valve portal architecture?
Can anyone else not take their eyes off of the giant gorgeous lock of hair draped over Steve’s right shoulder?
When will corporations learn that in this day in age it really is best to just come forward admit mistake and move on. Like we know your a greedy money hungry corporation but just show a little heart and us public eat the shit up.
So they have records of every customer they shipped ewaste to?
does anyone know what editing software gamers nexus use
GN goes investigative journalism!!
How do we measure results after your meeting with a professional liar? I'm not sure I see the point of this exercise.
How are they supposed to know who the small amount of affected customers are from these "errors"? By virtue of being an error, they shouldn't know what attempted returns were affected by this.
Canada geese ... I was wondering where they went.
Why not take pictures of open box items before they go out? For instance, Newegg can have some special tape they use for items processed in this way with a date written on it after pictures are taken and stored associated with that date.
Ive always been curious why Microcenter hasn't expanded. You'd think this would be a business nobrainer
Execute on what promises? I really hope that the actually follow through with _______ as long as they follow through with this policy I can't see this problem happening again lol
If I could ask one question to newegg that they had to answer, I'd wanna know this:  Newegg was known for having particularly good customer service and a great shopping experience in the 2000s. Since being purchased, they're known for having particularly bad customer service. How would they go about reversing their reputation so that people aren't afraid to order from them?
Reaching out to small number of people affected? Last I checked I'm still down $260 after being scammed by NewEgg and haven't heard anything back.
why would anyone build a computer if you can't get a video card
Do you think Newegg is gonna show up with a suitcase full of 3090tis as a bribe?
Are they risking getting a lawsuit?
should we ready our torches and pitchforks ?
Wait, do NA only have 2-3 "honest" hardware retailers? Scandinavia have at least 10 different, each with their own version in each country. No wonder this keeps happening. If you had even 2 more competent competitors on the market, this whole ordeal would be a whole lot less commonplace...
Will you guys be speaking at all in rrgards to thr UNFD Tech situatuon either? I would like to hear what they say about that as well if possible. Thanks and good luck guys!
Ask them about thier rebate lies
What about tiger direct? I honestly want to know bought a desktop from them years ago was decent. Dose anyone have experience with them? Thanks for any feedback
why are only motherboards and CPUs mentioned to receive better return policies?  just because those are the items you specifically complained about or because other category open-box item returns are already being handled in a better way?  next time you should order a open-box GPU or power supply
is the sponsor cynical ?
Where's TigerDirect in all of this? Time for someone to step up.
You mean back when NewEgg was called Gogle?
You wonder what % of NewEgg customers are satisfied? It might be something like 98% or 99% with a very hurt and angry 2% or 1%. So at management level the stats looks fine at a macro level but the 2% are having an ultra crap experience. I'm not sure we will ever know but it would be interesting to find out.
I'm just dubious about them sending their Director of Public Relations instead of actual relevant managers. His job is to give a good impression to the public, not to know the actual workings of the company.
Who paused the video to take a close look at the Steam Deck ?
Does Steve use horse and mane on the beautiful hair?
What is this sorcery? A gamer, outside?
Was that a steam deck in the flight?
What texture pack are you using?
What about UFD techs story?
You should also ask about the explosing PSUs, how could that happen ?
How do you, as a company, "accidentally ship e-waste" get a complaint in, see the RMA label proving that you shipped out e-waste, and then send the exact same board back with the label still attached?!?! That's not an "ooops" that's a major incident. And it's hard for me to believe that it's a small number of customers because, let's be real, how many customers do you have to do this sort of thing to before you even stand a 1% chance of getting Steve?!
ask them why they sell gpus for a lot more than they should be thus causing prices to be EVEN HIGHER from 3rd party sellers.
Will they have a process to re-review previous cases where customers have been forced to accept an RMA outcome that Newegg were disingenuous about?
is that gamer Jesus?
Logic question:  If they've denied an RMA for legitimate reasons, how are they supposedly going to locate the "affected" customers who were cheated out of their legitimate RMA?
Help them???, what, just be honest?  Why would you need to help them with that?  People naturally KNOW HOW to be honest..
I'd love to hear if them being bought a couple of years ago is when things went to shit there. Since that's about the last time I felt good buying from them
Is that recorded with RTX on ?
How is newegg going to be honest and transparent about scamming its customers? The meeting will just be them snaking around questions and giving non answears whilst also saying they will rework their RMA process
Like to see if any customers affected by this in the past actually get a refund.
You should also ask Newegg regarding the tying bundles with the bombing PSU.
what ever happened to tiger direct? I vaguely remember buying from them in the late 90's.
Well done guys, I would hope from now on that they'll wonder if each customer their dealing with, might or might not be a Gamers Nexus agent.
How many incidents does it take for them to not be isolated? I guess you could argue that these were isolated incidents if it happened thousands of times, if you just..isolate those incidents.
this comment is a test
Can you ask them why they constantly raise the price of products only to put it on sale to the same price as every other retailer? I mean, I've got a pretty good idea why already, its because a sale makes people more inclined to buy something, but damn, a 5% sale down to regular retail price? Come on newegg.
"Customer integrity"? What does that even mean? Newspeak for "the customer is always right"? (check Dilbert strip dated 2022-01-14)
So they will have hassle-free on "open box" but what about when you buy a "new" MB and it comes opened or with bent pins (meaning sold as new but clearly a returned item).  I know several cases where new MB had bent pins and Newegg refused refund saying "your fault".
So NOW Newegg responded. I don't believe them for a second they have good intentions. They responded because it was GN. Did they responded positively to the other customers that got screwed? Steve don't forget to ask them what are they going to do to the customers that got burned by Newegg.
Does you contact identify as a her?🙄
So, Steve, Will you be swinging by Paul's house to get his take as a former NewEgg employee (and to say hi)?
So did the airline let you check your massive balls as a carry-on or did you have to buy them extra seats?
dude are you guys near sonoma in this video? lmao das where i be from! OR WAIT IS DAT davis? lol dammit
Who else has noticed the annoying thread hanging from his right blue sleeve?
Newegg redemption arc? (anime music plays tentatively)
What's a micro center?!
When will the PC Component Shirt come back in stock?
I would like to know how the person who "inspected" the returned board marked it as damaged pins and or thermal paste on the board did so without seeing that big ass RMA sticker on it.
Please talk ask about their communications breakdown with UFD Tech as well. Screwing over a charity is another level of low.
Does this mean that Newegg is going to fix the BIOSTAR B350GT5 that I bought from them in 2017? haha, really though, the USB 3 didnt work and two of the SATA channels were shot. It was a refurb and they said that the issue was me not the fully tested refurb
Hey Steve, after this training. How much time you think will be between the training and first fan testing? Still curious about claimes that fan manufacturers make.  Also keep up this kind of reporting, although I won't be affected by what a reseller does (because I can't order there anyway) it's always interesting to see how they respond to Thier fuckups
Surely they were Canadian Geese (4:41), Linus keeping up to date with the story?
A suggestion, why don’t you pick a number of the issues that people have commented about having and bring those specific problems up during the meeting? Ask why they happened, how they are going to fix it, and what they are fixing so that it never happens again going forwards.   PR types will always try to speak in broad phrasing that boils down to meaningless promises and useless general explanations. Come at them with 10 or 20 examples of this and they won’t be able to do that.
Can you ask them if there are incentives that exist for their employees to turn down returns or any employee incentives that could be abused by said employees that would negatively affect customers.
Tough to tell but I believe Newegg Inc is a mainland Chinese CCP controlled entity. Working on getting a positive ID on that. So far, the founders and board are suspect.
Have you noticed Steve looks like Dimebag Darrell from pantera?
Thanks for this update!  Anyone know if there are similar horror stories for Newegg Canada?
I know it's totally none of my business but I would love to know just how much this issue has 1) made the channel and 2) costed Newegg.
This is some Lisa Guerrero, inside edition level of investigation. I love it.
Are you runnig the switch with windows on it?
What you mean the only retailer? I don't live in the USA but I am pretty sure there are more than two hardware online Stores, right?
How would a process error lead to them lie about thermal paste and reject the return?
I agree that this issue probably only affects a minority of all of the customers and it is possible that it could only affect a small percentage of all the returns.  However what percent of all the open box products are having this issue?  And what percent of products sold by others that are listed on NewEgg website are having an elevated RMAs due to unsatisfied fulfillment of the product.  I personally refuse to buy from Amazon due to the likelyhood that you could be buying from a shady reseller, so NewEgg, sometimes BestBuy, and the local MicroCenter are my only hope in getting computer equipment.
please please please please please ask them about the bundling of known exploding PSUs with highly in-demand graphics cards! (and even if not in the serials list of affected ones, the fact they are pushing what would effectively unsoldable items to most people aware of the Gigabyte issue)
With the board you were sent... who was the genius that decided not to pay Gigabyte $100 to replace the CPU socket on a $500+ mobo? Either they're stupid, because they could recoup some cost rather than throw it away as ewaste, or it was pre-meditated and they decided they could shaft someone with the bad mobo and not lose any money. Hopefully they resolve this, but I would say that if they're truly committed to customer satisfaction, the next thing they need to address is the cesspool that is their marketplace.
Ask them to make the "Open Box" more visible on their item pages.
Am I the only one thinking Newegg will try to blame COVID conditions as much as possible? I hope you guys are prepared to dismiss this and other cheap, fast excuses and hold them accountable as the serious business they are.. A very lucrative, non consumer friendly business.
Steve, you should ask them for some "Thermal Pâté" for review ...probably will come already dry and cracked, scraped off from other users return CPU :))
Tech Jesus bathed in sunlight? Is this the Rapture?
What about tiger direct and CDW?
My only question... is "QUIET ON SET" the new "Back to you, Steve!" ?
Kindly ask them why they decided to scam UFDtech and back out of donating to charity
While you're there can you ask them why the "Newegg Shuffle" gives you the ability to buy cards hundreds of dollars over MSRP? Newegg seems to also be scalping cards and turning it into a sweepstakes to drive traffic to it's website. Scalpers are actually more honest.
ask them why when we returned a psu, gigabyte, which is clearly garbage, and they sold it to us in combo with a gpu, ask them why they kept our money, they never returned it, they stole from me!!!!
Was wondering if like Apple they would use "very small number" buzz words. Unless someone in the C-suite is tasked with this issue in an ongoing basis and has the power to effect change I doubt anything will change. The bottom line takes precedence with some corporations.
While I'm certainly interested in seeing how this pans out...  On another note are you guys going to be reviewing the upcomingg Coolermaster HAF 700 EVO?
ask them about the gouged prices and the rigged shuffle, and the selfish forced bundles, if you really wanna do the work then go all the way dont pick and choose
X to Doubt
What if normal person like me? , the one Get scamed, newegg will ingrone us rigth
Btw are you going to try open box detective work with other companies, as newegg cant be the only one.
I am a bit confused as to the purpose of this video.
I know this isn't the same topic. But can you ask, why they are too scalping gpus. It's one thing someone lucks up and finds one to make a profit, but it's another when a company doing it.
Are we still thinking this is isolated to just Open Box returns?
Ask them to stop scalping GPU's via their shuffle. just paid $1500 for a 3080. bundles with other hardware for a reasonable price is still crappy practice but better than charging 2x msrp for the item alone.
I’m disappointed and not surprised Newegg trotted out a public relations guy who had nothing to do with this fiasco to answer tough and uncomfortable questions. I hope it is not going to be filled with corporate speak and prepared weasel responses. I really feel sorry for Eric Wein even if it is his job to put out this fire.
Are there sorry that it happened or that there got called out by a big creator ?
Is anyone else subscribed to their promo newsletters? I've been getting spammed with promo emails nonstop ever since this whole thing began. What seems like four, five emails a day where before it used to be just the Daily Shell Shocker and maybe a sales promo/ad twice or so a week.
How far back will they reach out to these "small isolated" consumers they screwed? I've been seeing comments from people who were ripped off by them from years ago. Are they going to reopen those cases?
Hey Steve did they punch you in the face before going back to hotel? :D Looks like a toothache ;) Hope you are fine :)
is that the steam deck on that pillow at 6:08?
I seen on REddit that they were going to accept Open Box CPU, and Mobos, but what about the other open box items? I hope Steve address this issue, because it's either Amazon, or Bestbuy for me for computer components.
Did they actually open up and talk to yall in person
Only time will tell if Newegg just uses GN meeting for damage control, or they're serious and honest in changing their scummy ways.
@Steve, any plan to do the same for MSI?
Doesn't everybody have Micro Center?  Ahh I see some reports below that not all products can be ordered online and shipped.
Please ask them to show you actual numbers comparing the rate of RMA rejections between open box vs non-open box. Then please show them to us. I want to know what a "small" number "isolated" incidents means.
Live stream it so we can Q&A
what the hell machine is running that VR?  pretty intense ray tracing action in that simulation too, doing a review on them soon?
i still ask my self  . when do we see Gamers Nexus certified on fans and other things out there
Did you shout "Quiet on set" exactly merely out of habit or just cause it's funny? lmao
How is Tiger Direct doing these days?
Jesus, are you still crying about this?
New What?
I am curious to know if Steve will finally meet "Steffani FARMER", it really feels like a fake name account, you get them quite a lot on website like Banggood lol
Why is gn a better senator then 99% of senators
Who's shufflin' now newegg?
You're in Folsom, CA? Check out some of the cool mountain biking trails
Shouldn’t the COO be held to account as well? I mean whomever is doing the logistics (both forward and reverse) needs to be held accountable not the PR person.
Are you at least charging Newegg as a consultant? I'm thinking at least $140p/h?
hyped, I hope this won't get taken down :3  one more question: wasn't the news egg "unboxing" technically an unboxing? 🥚
