WAIT DID SHE JUST FORESHADOW ORQUIDEAS WITH THE ORCHID OR MAYBE IM JUST STUPID
How did I miss this song. Glad I found it now
Great voice but Any MV of you which isn't selling Sex?
Anyone March 2025??
Anyone February 2025?
Anyone february 2025 ?
This video gets me high as fuck I don’t know what it is
Why the fuck was the first starting like weekend's voice 😭💞
I'm just wondering 🤔 but did u write the lyrics?? " while here I'm someone to honor, when gone I'm someone to mourn". Beautiful 🎶 🎵 either way, very deep.
Would this be a good waltz song for my daughter's sweet 16?
WHY DOES HER CLOSING INTO THE FLOWER AT THE END REMIND ME OF THE END OF FEARIE SOIREE WHERE MELANIE FALLS ASLEEP IN THE FLOWER AND IT CLOSES????
wait does she wish me roses
How is this woman not more known............
Doesn’t it sound like “Jacob and the stone” at the beginning?
did D'Mile work on this album??.
/is this what is cnosidered the extension of art film and expression?  I'm glad she's doing so well in her career as a artist and wants to create these magnificent portraits and stories with her work.
What type of music is this?? I need more!!
Wonder who made them
Is it just me or the version of this song in Spotify changed from this one to the other one (that has a different video)?
Is it me or reminds this music of Sade from the 80s?
Why is this song sooo underrated??😭💔
I wanna listen to more music like this. Any recommendations? What would this genre be? I'm new to this type of music
Anyone going to the Toronto show solo? Floor seats lemmmeee knwoww
WHY AM I ONLY FINDING THIS NOW?????????????
I wonder if the was is even better If she sang it in Spanish version. I hope she makes a Spanish version of it.
Why do I need a Kali X Raye colab? 'cause it's meant to be, and it will be sooooo fkng good
If the colour red was a song. A very relaxing song and I can see why people call it a healing song
Did her and Don split?...
Why do I hear SZA on a remix of this?  Song is on repeat
What vibe
Am I the only one crying?
Is it weird I feel like the lyrics of this song read like a Stevie Nicks song in the best way possible? Honestly wouldn’t mind a Fleetwood Mac style cover, though I’d still vastly prefer the original 😊
What is the sample in this song shit sounds mad familiar
Why does my heart hurt so much  I could drawn in my emotions
What genre would this be considered???
are her fake lashes (the black ones) called in a specific way? they are so pretty but i dont really know anything about them
2:57 what instrument is that little high pitched sound? Synth or guitar?
so how many u selling?
is she trasgender
i love kali uchis but WTF is this ...
Producer: How many roses do you want in the music video?   Kali Uchis: Yes
How many times did you watch? Me~yes 😂❤❤
did her and don break up??
What happened to the song you Collab with Ariana Grande
Anyone else here because of Cho Gi-Seok? <3
Where is the one hour loop of this song??
Does anyone know if this song is about her and Don?
Idk but her and Miley together on a song....🖤
Don Toliver already fumbled Kali🤦‍♂ or this is just a song?
Can someone make a Spotify playlist or recommend songs/ artists/songs with a similar sound to this?? Please 😭😭🎀
I feel a bjork influence on the aesthetic of the video here?? omg. BEAUTIFUL. I love Kali's art and music❤️
She didn't actually break up with Don, right?
Are her and Don Toliver not together
Does anyone know what this type of visual effect is called in the red dress scene?
Why am I hearing "The Weeknd" in some of this song???
Wheres the lyrics?!!
2:03 is that a american beauty movie reference? it can't be a coincidence
How was she making better music when she was homeless?
And why doesn’t this have 2 millions views already
This is next level visual art... Anyone have a good guess of what filter they may be using for this?
wait what do you wish me
Is she wishing me roses?
i don't know how discribe this fucking artist!! OMG! ily mama!
is this my dream com true? love you mamita hermosaaaaa, you're pure art
Does this mean her and don broke up or the lyrics aren’t personal 😮
So is she single???
Good song, video doesnt match the vibe if that makes sense?
am I supposed to breathe after seeing her sing this amazing song
The arrtt y la cancioon??!!! Insaneee 😍😍🙏🏻🙏🏻
