Who’s here after they did it again?
Man I wonder what would have happened if Bama had not lost Metchie in this one Williams in the NC rematch.
Who won the national championship tho?
Georgia favorite to win the national championship? How can you make a team favorite against a team that they already lost the previous meeting! When the sports world in a high profile game makes on underdog team the favorite team the favorite team  usually win the game and the money, Alabama looks to sweet to be true and being the underdog by plus+2 1/2 points the sports world doesn’t give any money away  Georgia wins the national championship and covers the spread!
Anyway we can delete Garys comments?
Someone please watch Jordan Davis at 7:32 and explain to me how THAT won the Bednarik over Will Anderson
Great game! No pass coverage, Georgia. What happened?
Notre Dame and Georgia and Ohio's st have no more chances to play Bama this Georgia team needs a black QB to beat Bama ask deshone Watson. And dac and
How is it that Bryce Young and the dude that got a pick 6 both wear number 9?
Punting the ball down 14 with 7 mins left?
I don’t get why Alabama struggled against auburn
It's hard to explain why UGA virtually disappeared from this game after scoring their first 10 points...
Whenever I watch Alabama, I sit and think......How many of these kids are in basket weaving classes......and how many have tutors that do their weaving for them.
Jordan Davis benched or hurt?
Does Alabama coach have anything on Kirby smart this isn't the first time it looked like he gave the game to Alabama  I also think Daniels need to play the next game seems Bennett was overwhelmed 🤔 and nervous
How did that field goal count
wonder what Georgia's thoughts were when the score was 10-0?
Ayooo where the Georgia fans at?? Georgia fans where ya at?? Where was ya elite defense at? Georgia fans where ya at?? Come out. Don’t hide come out come out. All the shit ya was talking come on out let’s continue to talk shit together. Georgia fans where ya at??? 😂
So is everybody just going to sit there and act like this wasn’t the exact same score as the Bama -vs- Georgia game last year…😳
5:31 What is wrong with these DBs this season not even trying to tackle? Is this against the rules now? Dive and reach your arms out, you will likely  trip him and he will fall down. 29 has another almost play later. Humm.
Problem is Alabama just showed the other playoff teams “how to beat Georgia” if those teams have the personnel or not is another question
Is Kirby the next 100-million-dollar man  ???
720p?! come on, cbs, This looks terrible.
No matter how good your defense is you need an elite quarterback in big games ask us bout Deshaun Watson in 2017
Williams or Jaylen Waddle. Who faster?
6:40 missed flag right? His receivers are blocking before the pass is even thrown.
Did the defense party too hard the night before or something? Very little pressure on Bryce and the receiver coverage was nonexistent.
I Bowers eligible for the NFL draft ?
