I thought this was an all the gear video 😂 wondering why Edwin was on it
Where did Edwin get roof bars for the E31??
What campsite is this?
Where was the campsite?
Hey Car Throttle do still have the rally lights hood for the mk1 focus? I'm interested 😉
where is Alex?...
Are the seams on that roof tent full of holes ?
Would ethans entertainment area not have doubled as hes sleeping arrangements? he also has a tv there to watch some tv before he sleeps. The focus without the toilet and a tent on the roof would be perfect. nice little economical car too. Easy to fix. Cheap to run.
06:33 - What are those window curtains? Asking for a friend
red sauce in a bacon sarney? 🤢🤢🤮. Brown sauce, White bread, and proper butter.
What's the smallest car that tent would fit on? Smart car?
Noticed the lads are using walkie talkies to communicate. Does anyone know if this is allowed? All I can read online is that built CB radios are fine but I'd have thought Walkie Talkies would be classed as hand held. Going on a trip myself and want to use them to keep in touch with the group but worried about getting pulled by police. Especially as one lad has just passed his licence.
Why didn't he just turn the lounge bit into a bed as well instead 😂
why didnt he just take out the passenger seat
Didn't you guys do this before? Or do I remember someone else?
Dunno what Ethan was thinking with that bed, otherwise it was great
Don't they sell swags in England? Ohh no a country with no dangerous wildlife why not sleep outside the car?
Can we have a garage tour of car throttle staff 😂
Hows Ethans back?  Has he been to a Dr and gotten some spine scans? Correct it while he is young.
Is that the same camp site that Al, Chris and Boothy stayed at in the Budget Bike Battle of Britain, or am I just wishing it was?
Have I missed something with the Porsche?
Please stop the flashing transitions omfg, what are you thinking
The jacket! Is that an Alonso Renault jacket??
2:22 driving on the wrong side?
A boot bacon sandwich? Surely it’s called a bacon boottie!
Isn’t the 840ci roof weight limit like 75kg? How does it not fold like a red hot mars bar with someone in it, fair play 😂
great video lads great fun . However do you really know how rare the Ford focus millemnum is ? .They only made 1000 of them and there are prob less than 200 left on the road . That car needs to be restored  asap .
Can you save my car from going to the scrapyard?
18:17 is it just me that thought that was Mark mecanns house 😂
Don’t suppose Edwin wants an E46 in a fairly rare combo? Imola Red, 330Ci, Manual 😂
How much percent did the power station end up at after doing all that stuff?
Is that the same camp site they went to in budget bike battle
Hold the phone, how have you got mayo but no brown sauce with your bacon?!
why not just make the bed where the living room area was just cut up a mattress and lay it down with a cushion your sorted
14:45 please tell me that's a vine reference from back in the day from Edwin 😂
Can someone inform me where the renault f1 jacket is from?
Does the Ecoflow suffer from the same Thermal Runaway that EV cars suffer with?   Could make a toasty nights sleep...
A bmw over heating? Never heard of it 🥲
What's happened to Alex? How come he is not on "the show" anymore? 😔
What cost £10k?
What happened to the Saxo
As enjoyable to watch as this was, what the hell is happening with that Porsche 924?
Do you guys want to do a video on my shit box van conversion? Its covered in graffiti at the moment but I will start conversion from the weekend. Where can I send pics to see if you are interested
Why has the tag along look like he has no neck 😂😂
How do you get an m60b40 to overheat? 🤔
is car throttle running out of money without Alex? Don't get me wrong boys doing great job but with this sort of budget you can only go as far
More of these challenges please
SO couldnt ethan just fold the passanger seat forward to make more space for the bed?
Why blur the car when you have it in the thumbnail 😂😂😂
Didn’t you do this one already?
Wait a second , that place at the beginning of the video , was the place where the leaning citroen tower (from top gear) fall into the ocean while Clarkson was licking ice cream xD
