How do you get a legendary card when you are lvl 8 king chest
So u were using minor???
why does everyone forget that you can unlock prince from the tutorial?
wasnt prince in arena 2 ?
Cant you get Prince like really early on?
i got prince to lvl 11 in arena 3, unfair advantage? yes
Can you try clash royale but only upgrading 1 cards per arena
Could u play on my account
Why does he look so dead inside at the start of every video lmao...
How about getting to 4k trophies with no win condition?
hey, how do you create that many accompts???
Great vid! Love these challenges! Maybe try this with win conditions only? But you could include like pekka and mega knight?
I really love these challenges, and watch every one, maybe try it with skeletons only? But it will take a while to get to a full skeleton deck so idk? Love the vid!
I am so curious why didnt he show clips of Pekkas playhouse??
why don't u go for 4k anymore?
How old are you dude?
fr, im in jungle arena rn, facing lvl 14 wall breakers and lvl 12 and 13 for the rest of his deck, lke what??
Bro think how many accounts he has that are 4000. Crowns
how about beating clash royale but you're forced to put every new card you unlock into your deck
Can you beat Clash Royale by only using the starting deck?
What’s your clan name
Aren’t there a lot of bots in the early arenas that basically have pre set decks?
Day in the life of a magic archer player?
idea from b-rad??
any tips to get out arena 12?
Can u try speed run clash
how do you create a new account?
It's normal if im in arena 6 and i have a lvl 10 mirror?
Idea: can you beat Clash royale by only using skeleton cards.
Could you put a track list of all the music you use? Its very good.
Hmmmm all mid ladder players do this anyway 😂
Can you try towers targeting troop only
How did you upload a video like 1 day ago sheesh congrats to you
wow uploading somewhat like daily?
My question is how many emails does he have to create so many accounts
Another KFC video already? Goated
whats that playlist?
Bruh how is it that my best cards are lvl 12 in CHALLENGER 2 when these kids have lvl 12 cards in JUNGLE ARENA, just makes me so mad to see people with over leveled cards
How many Clash Royale accounts you got?
Is it just me or his face on the intro looks photoshoped in ?
How am I in leagues and have lower leveled cards than jungle arena players
5:00 Is that the Pokemon Theme Song for Sun and Moon?
Only buildings?
Quick question: Whats the occasion to go to 3k im not complaining or anything its just you usually go to 4k or leagues.
no shot 2 kfc videos in ONE WEEK??????
Did you made a new account in save the old account?
Can anyone tell me what happens to all these brand new cr accounts after the challenges are over?
could you try to get to 4k with the starter deck?
how many emails does this guy have omg
Who remeber this times when he try get 4k instead of 3k?
back2back vids?? nice!
You sounded sick in the voice over. Are you all right??
I would never recognize that you uploaded a new video . Please for the love of god , make a new thumbnail 😭 didn't you milked that photo enough kfc?
What’s that Valkyrie
What if you only did the random option
Was this challenge harder then random Decks?
What if you tried reaching 4k with spells only, or ground targeting only, or melee only, or using only a certain amount of cards in a deck like not being allowed to use 8th card slot
Wait clone in frozen peak?
I just wanna know how many different email addresses KFC has
2 VIDEOS IN A ROW??? bro take it chill bruhhhh. but fr cool vid.
Who were the 6 viewers watching you in the training matches
BACK TO BACK VIDEOS????
2 videos in a few days?? Is this a dream???
are we not going to talk about that last game?
e giant loving this challenge
Do u even have a main?
New challange: Playing troops,spells and Buildings that cant attack any air troops
did anyone ever mention how goood his naming sense is or is it just too obvious
3000? Why not 4k?
Can you make beating Clash Royale with only using only cards you have a emote of
Just how many accounts this guy is going to make 😅 . Love your content ❤️
Does KFC in your name stand for Kyle's Funny Clash? Idk what else it could be
Can you link the playlist you use in the background it’s really good
0:19 3000? already?
Second?
