9:08 lol and you'd wonder why it's rarely asked nowadays exept in  US. The answer that should be "good", or  "not too bad, and you?"
amazing little initiative to include some personal questions at the end, felt more human keep it going
Is one of the books Grosjean's cook book?
I heard redbull is hiring Mercedes workers on their engine department. Is it cause any problem to Mercedes?.
What measures does mercedes team engineers are putting in place for w12 to run on every tack to keep pace to win .😇
The only way would be to stop Valtteri earlier? He had a 3.3 second pit stop? Couldn't those 4 tenths you said he was lacking be made up by having a 2.9 second pit stop?
hi James, has Lewis finally gotten in there or not?
was that youg TOTO?
Will it be good to have 2 exhaust sensors? ECU will read both, if both showing high temp then ECU will cut the power
wind?? what is it, a badminton match?
Not to be weird or anything but am I the only one who finds him very attractive?
Will Mercedes's low rake concept problem still affect them in 2022?
The gear on the top shelf, what’s that from? Superb content making F1 much more interesting, ensuring the future of the sport, thank you🙏🙏
"what is your favorite curry?"  *braces for James' entire life story*
How much HP would an engine lose when entering a default/safety mode such as what happened on sunday?
How does team decides who will go on the podium for representing the team? I would be delighted if I get an answer 🙂
Why have you won so many championships again, curry nights or rare participation?
Wasn't Max's pit stop 2.3 seconds & Valtteri's 3.3 seconds? Would that have given Valtteri enough time to get the tires up to temp?
what happens with the failed sensor?  is it for sale?
Why did you guys used different angle rear wings on bottas & Lewis? I think bottas' wing was making slightly more downforce, isn't it? So he was slower on start finish straight. Correct me if I'm wrong.
Love the fun questions! I don't have Twitter, but can we ask questions on YouTube?
Where is the best place to ask a question about next GP?
I suppose, it would be too much to ask to get lewis, Vettel, verstappen, Alonso, Kimi and lando to also partake in this test day with Grosjean ;) then have say, a race format?
Will you replace Bottas??
Okey but most important question is  why Bono changed his glasses?
Could you guys do a video introducing us to your amazing social media team? They really do a phenomenal job and they should have their moment to shine!
Wait if the mediums and softs kinda behaved the same then how did the mediums last more than the softs? Idk if this question is silly cuz I'm an engineering freshman and not experienced like merc engineers😅
Can you guys explain tyre temperatures please.
@Mercedes-AMG Petronas Formula One Team  Is there any thought to the effect of wind on low rake vs high rake cars? With a low rake car possibly being less affected by crosswinds and vice versa.
How did Lewis manage to do back to back push laps in 2020 but not in 2021?
Women do not buy Mercedesses?
Why are Mercedes pit stops so relatively slow to Red Bulls?
9:27 I love how you guys answer these pointless questions as seriously as the other more serious questions. 😂
The most important question according to me in this was" How are you James"? . Wishes to everyone working hard there
Mercedes food reviews?
Ok how many James' do you have in the team?
