is he replacement of gini ?
Is he predominantly a right-sided CB? Like how VvD is predominantly a LCB although right-footed, would he play RCB while Upamecano played LCB?
2:10 i'm missing something? how is that a good tackle?
Is this guy actually good?
Not sure if i understand the amount of centre backs that liverpool are buying at the moment... if van diyk and gomez are back next season, plus phillips, williams, davies, kabak who's gone and whoever else is in the youth squad... why get another one...
Kabak Or konate, who is better? I see many lfc fans upset bcz they didn't sign kabak..
Why is everyone forgetting about joe Gomez :(
is he a ball playing defender like van dijk, bonucci, or a simple thick wall like koulibaly?
Can any Leipzig fans elaborate on his injury record? I heard that some of his injuries were due to Lepizig staff mismanaging him and rushing him back too early, is this true?
Did he just bully Lewandoski?? I think he's gonna do just fine in the Premier League!
I wonder why there aren't many clips of him. Then realized he's only 22 few days ago
Maybe turn him into defensive midfielder still young, might be wasted at the back looks like he has some really good attributes, think toure, vieira.
Gomez will start over him?
Not sure after signing naby keita for 60m from this team and league and seeing Werner for Chelski can not take videos of him seriously
How tf ManU didn't battle for this amazing defender . Good at tackling, passing , press resistance, heading clearance, speed everything what defender supposed to be .  May B ManU board was searching for Overrated English defender for 150 million . And it's good for KONATE he will not be racially abused at Liverpool  tho.
Video: which was your favorite moment? Literally everyone: WELCOME TO LIVERPOOL
Any Leipzig fans here. What are his qualities, strengths and weaknesses??
Any other Liverpool fans here watching Konate after today's news?
Didnt liverpool learned from nabil keita ? He ll flop
Which foot he good at ? Left/right/both ?
Wait whuuttt? Konaté and Upamecano aren't the same person?!?!
