Jimmy: ‘what’s funny about that’?  Your syrup Jimmy
Three times he asked the ref what was funny. Very arkward  indeed
Whsy was the ball called on the brown & was tbat why the ref was laughing???
Or did the referee act insecure and made up a excuse to give him a warning because he eas caught red handed unable to do his job while the audience were cheering Jimmy for having the courage to stand up?
Does he wear a wig 😂
"I'm funny how? No no, wait.... I'm funny how? Like a clown? I'm here to amuse you? Jimmy going all Joe Pesci 😂🤣
Did Jimmy do this to make sure it showed up first on 'Jimmy White Snooker' searches? Rather than all the times he blew the WC final!!!??
Whats funny about that?.........  Might we start with your pineapple styled syrup and work our way down?
Is that really a wig jimmy white is wearing?
Bad refereeing all round. Why on earth did he nominate the blue on Jimmy's behalf, and why did he laugh like that? Also I don't think Jimmy stuck his finger up in the way the ref was referring.
Was there a funny side?
Why’s white being silly now?
Is it offensive to stick your index finger up? Ref is clutching at straws really. He was embarrassed by Jimmy's childish behaviour. Nothing in it but if he was the one 3 nil up you bet he wouldn't notice anything.
How could you take Jimmy seriously when he plays snooker balancing a coconut on his head, come on Jimmy it’s not fancy dress.
How much longer is White going to embarrass himself with that rat on top of his head?
am i a clown? do i amuse you? funny how? what the fcuk is so funny about me? tell me...
I shot a crow Wednesday morning , and wondered where it had landed.
Why is Jimmy getting so much grief here, he did little wrong, the ref messed up and laughed about it, I dont think I'd be too happy either and then he warns Jimmy for giving him the finger which he didn't, he should maybe get a reprimand for this, Jimmy is innocent
Why did he react like that? Very disappointed in Jimmy for acting like an arsehole there.
I hate when someone asks a question 3 times...!A hole! Why they still give him a tour card? It should be EARNED!
Jimmy must be strung out is he back on the coke
If he didn’t mean “up yours” by sticking his index finger up, please tell me what he did mean?
@ eurosport snooker. Who is Immy White and why did they get involved in an awkward spat with the referee?  He had enough on his hands with his awkward spat with Jimmy White as you can see in the video you posted.
"I'm funny how? I mean, funny like I'm a clown? I amuse you? I make you laugh?"
Why in the world is he nominating a colour in the first place? What possible debate could there be over which ball he's gone for next whichever it were to be?
Did they shake hands at the end?
Why is White still embarrassing himself every tournament?
. You think I’m funny ? Funny how ? Funny like a clown ? Do I amuse you ?
whats funny is jimmy,s gorilla wig
Overreacted at bit, ok. But apologize? Are you guys serious? Apologize for what? That was aggressive? You all should get your eyes and ears tested. End of story.
it wasn't funny at all though. So the question is: is it more "unprofessional" to ask what was funny, or laughing at one's own mistake instead of apologizing?
I wanna know how YOU behave if ref makes his jokes in the middle of the frame ... its definitely inappropriate.
