Are any other people subscribed to all 3 of Michels Channels?
What's the favorite type of pokémon here mine's flying fire and dragon
I know this is a bit late, but doesn't Briar's hair kinda look like Brassius's? could just be a coincidence tho
My egg hatched into a piplup, do you think it’s random? Or was it because I play Violet? No idea.
Why is Jacq there? Because he wants to get into Briar's incredibly tight pants but realized once he was there that he has no social skills so he's been standing out in the field trying to work up the nerve to talk to her.
Is Dracula Russian
how do you get them to a high level they started out as like low low levels when I played
Or maby German?
40:17 I got a Piplup from the egg, not a Chimchar. Is it different depending in what starter you picked in base Scarlet and Violet?
Lol why did he give that guy a stereotypical Dracula accent
Why is the caretaker have a Russian accent lol
Is it me or does Michael sound like Gru from Despicable Me when he does the Caretaker's voice
Anyone else Fing terrified they're going to release Gen V remakes wayyyy too fast? Or get ILCA to make them again?
how do get so many xl candies its crazy
Yeah idk why but Poochyena and Vulpix got redesigned. Can someone explain it to me as to why? I mean, they look cuter and better but im curious as to why they did that.
What if the new Pokémon legends game is in the unoca region and we make the scarlet or violet book
Can someone explain this to me why is his early DLC Pokemon level 50 when mine are like level nine
8:16 you know? That a very good question 😅😂
Is it a Johtonian Whooper if it is like that EVERYWEHRE except Paldea?
Do you have to pay money to get the DLC The Teal Mask? Because I don’t have the DLC for Pokémon sword and shield because my friend said you have to pay money to get it.
Just realized their names are Ki-ride-on and Mi-ride-on  Ki in Japanese (google translate) seems to mean Air, and Mi seems to mean food/fruit/piece of meat(?)
10:06, what was that?
16:54 Assuming the students were chosen by lottery at Blueberry Academy too, how in the world did not one, but TWO students who are from the town get pulled? And not only are they both from the town, they are SIBLINGS! What are the odds? I sense shenanigans.
why was he pronouncing blueberry like that 😂😂
I just wanna know how long it took you to get the shiny applin. I’ve used two shiny sandwiches and still haven’t gotten one, but found a shiny noibat without a sandwich 😂
How did you already get the dlc??
I wonder how this would go if team sky played this
I got piplup in my egg so I’m guessing it’s random?
Where did you find Mr Jacq? I didn't notice him anywhere.
32:02 what is this?? I love it😂😂😂😂😂😂
16:00 Ok correct me if I’m wrong but doesn’t that look kinda like Jessie. So what if she finally became a nurse like she wanted to after team rocket broke up
why do you have like three different accounts to block?
Is it just me or does Kieran have a crush on our character
I think what you get might be random, I got turtwig unless it’s based on your base game scarlet as I chose sprigattio and got turtwig
how do you have so many rare candies???
Oh the chimchar is suprising! Also can anyone tell me if you can get a different starter instead of chimchar from the egg somehow? Because, big fan of empoleon here.
So it appears that this DLC is alot like the Isle of Armor, in that if you are playing a game file that hasn't beaten the final stage, everything is much lower level..which makes me wonder how early in a new game you could travel to the DLC. I know in sword and shield you could travel to the Isle of Armour before you beat the first gym.
How to get the starter egg
blubery?!
Why is it’s collision in post-DLC story 31:53
How did the care taker go from Scottish to Russian
Been playing this myself and so far my only question is why the rotom phone, somthing that canonically floats, require a selfie stick?
I don't remember if you've officially said why, so I figured I'll ask. Why did you stop livestreaming pokemon? Will you ever stream pokemon games again?
Why is the caretaker german
goddamn gamefreak, how hard is it to make objects have collision. you know, the most basic thing a AAA game company should know how to do
carmine: my BROTHER has been all googly-eyed'' mikey: oh, does SHE think i'm cool? how even
I got piplup and I chose Sprigatito but in violet I chose Fuecoco for my second play through now I’m real curious what I’ll get in the egg
The egg is random as I got Piplup from my egg which is the one I love most!
So in what region is kitakami in ? It’s not in Paldea and blueberry Academy is in Unova but they didn’t say Kitakami is in Unova too.
IS THE STORY JUST PEACH BOY
Shouldn’t they be under the unova region in Pokémon home? Seeing as they are found in the unova region
Can team sky go?
Are you gonna do the DLC as team sky?
was that egg random or guaranteed?
The egg must be random or something cuz i got turtwig from mine
Did you pick Fuecoco as your starter in this save? If so I think it gives you a matching Sinnoh starter egg. I picked Sprigatito and got a Turtwig egg.
Are you going to make a sequel on Team Sky after you finish the DLC?
Wait the egg is a random Diamond, Pearl, Platinum starter? I saw someone else get a Piplup.
I’ll have to check and see which starter I’ll get. I wonder if it’s based on the starter you chose
What item is rooshi holding
Who has a poochyena level 60?
But... why should a floating pokemon need a selfie stick?^^'
When team sky leader using flying tera type mightyena? GO TEAM SKYYYYYYYYYY!!!
Are the sinnoh starters random? I got a turtwig. Is it based on your paldean starter?
michael did you know? that the land of KITAKAMI, actually the word kitakami is a restaurant of my homeland of indonesia (and i suppose i have to speak indonesian but you guys speak english) :)
46:13 Wait, does he not know you can roughly see the base stats ingame in the pokemon summary?! Or is that just not precise enough for him? But it should be enough for deciding on a nature, right?
Why did you give the old Japanese man a Scottish accent
Do you have to pay for the new update????
So, you can access the dlc before having done most of the story — I know cause I didn't need to finish it before it started xD That's why they don't make any references to you being champion etc., again. Also, the dlc actually scales with the player — I think with gym badges, not sure, but why only those badges again?! — But even more unexpected, the pokemon trainers pokemon change, too, Somewhat. For example, in my first fight with Carmine, she didn't use the poligheist (Definitely butchered that name), in fact, I'm pretty sure she only used the poochyanna (oh boy). I am, however, not sure yet if random trainer also change the pokemon they have (haven't gotten that far into the video yet xD). So it seems pretty similar to the isle of armor in this regard, as far as I can recall rn. — They don't seem to evolve pokemon though, atleast not that much, probably to stay consistent across the different possible states, cause the wild pokemon are not evolved and/or just to show all off. But I dunno.  Also, I wonder if the pokemon actually randomly change levels after beating a gym or two Inbetween — Definitely gonna check that out
Why does the nurse joy look like Jessie from the anime
So is the egg random cause I got a Piplup from the egg.
Why did you go with a Russian accent of all things for the caretaker? Its not like this is Sinnoh where that might make some sense. And it was definitely not a Scottish accent.
Jesus what is it with Poketubers bringing shit mons to Kitakami like ffs jesus whats happening
Am I going crazy but I thought raging bolt and iron crown were coming out with the dlc
Caretaker is Scottish, Irish, Northern English, and sometimes Russian..?
Did game freak give you the DLC early?
michael i have never had the issue of needing a crit capture to successfully catch a pokémon what r u talking about
Ok wth did I do wrong? I'm staring at an empty loyalty plaza, no signboard in sight. Did I miss something ? Edit; rebooted the game and it appeared. Super worth the wait for immediate glitches 😂
Wait does anyone know why mickey wears a hat in every of his video
I’m curious why random characters get to go but the friends we made along the way can’t come- was that a writing decision
I got piplup from my egg, I wonder if it’s random or different based on violet/Scarlett
Why can't they say there is a trip but you can't attend cause you are bad at school? Or something like that
why is the shiny dipplin spoiled in the thumbnail?? i haven't even seen it yet...thx
Y does his Scottish accent sound like gru?😂
With my egg, I ended up with a piplup! My original starter for Violet was the fire croc so maybe it has to do with your starter chosen in the main game?
Can't you give them mints to adjust the speed lowering?
Did he...miss the hisuian Growlith? Ya he saw it but, did he thought of that?
Putting the shiny in the thumbnail, really bro?
Is there an algorithm philosophy to why Michaels face is in the top left and not the top right?  I'm sure there is some sort of strategic reasoning. Please advise
I replied to Jacq, with "What is it?" for the giggles.
Mikey why is your Scottish accent just muffled Russian?
Bro was in lag-tree thicket too?
is it just me or is the caretaker russian with that accent
Chimchar is my favorite Pokémon! Has it really been Chimchar for everyone?
41:38 I got piplup from my egg, so i guess its random 🤷‍♂
Hi, I’m looking for a HA Tatsugiri Curly Form if anyone has one for trade that would be awesome,really want one too use on my teal mask team Thanks
did u know that dipplins signature move actually changes if u use the shiny
How the hell did you edit this video so quickly
What was that accent part Russian Irish and scottish...lol
Terastal Pokémon….ears?🤨
Who else got harissfeild (yokai watch) vibes from the rice feilds outside of mosui town
Whats up with the people wearing gold in town? I swear they told me to meet them at the waterfall back in Paldea but I can't find them.
Is this for violet
how could i i dont have notifications
Did they ever fix the save glitch?
wait what- WHEN DID THAT HAPPEN
Once you get the full Pokedex here you can get a special reward/quest in starting area from a lady with hisuian growthlit
Wait it came out?!
Idk how your game looks so good. Mine still had lighting, framerate, and graphical issues. 😅
Am I the only one that REALLY dislikes Carmine? (To be fair, I’ve only seen her be rude to the player and her brother).
Why is it not out for me yet😭
ITS HERE??? i thought it was releasing later this month
Was that a shiny at 40:06?!
What did everyone get for their Sinnoh starter? I got Turtwig!
Apparently the starter egg is random with which Shinnoh starter you get.
Anyone else sleep in, forget to update the game for the DLC and is now watching this while their game is updating? Anyone? Just me? 😂
How did everyone know what shiny Dipplin would look like? Had I known I would've spent some time catching a shiny little apple dragon too
Maybe Team Sky explores Kitakami if not Unova next? He'll be happy to see more flying types and Mightyena
What’s the item your Koraidon has? I don’t recognize it.
Im so confused about the Egg, because I got Turtwig from mine so I thought "oh, its the sinnoh starter with the same type as your paldean one, like the isle of armour" but Mikey picked Quaxly and got Chimchar, so now im like "HEH????"
I wonder if we will get a team sky run of the DLC And he can be forced to use the Pokemon from the DLC as a joke
Weird, the egg Jacq gave me ended up being Piplup. Don't get me wrong, Piplup best Sinnoh starter imo, but is the Sinnoh starter egg go off by the Paldean starter you chose, or is it random?
So the egg Jacq gives you is random… cuz mine hatched into Turtwig
Wait i got piplup from the egg, is that a violet thing or is it random?
What are everyone's thoughts on the long trip you had to take?  Because if you really think about it if you look at both Maps the place you go is in the top right if you line the maps correctly
How did Mikey make the old guy  simultaneously Russian and scottish
no its always random: it can be turtwig, chimchar or piplup
Was the weather rainy for everyone who started this dlc?  Cause it was last night for me when this dropped.  So I was there when it initially dropped.
Wonder when Team Sky Mikey will land in Kitakami
0:16 hello? Hello hello? Uh I wanted to record a message to help you get settled in on your first night
Who wants to bet he gets a Mightyena with an flying Tera type,bringing the rage of Air Bud!
When are you going to do more non pokemon related vids
Wait what
