Desolation????? Pahahahhaha. Get dropped more you clown
Why haven't you uploaded anything yet after fight?
I noticed in the fight last night both Eddies eyes had a tired look that didn't come from the damage like he was ill or something like flu or a bug, then this pops up from a just over a week back and Eddie looks under the weather here too, not sure if it's the lighting here but did anyone else notice? I was actually shocked how good Eddie looked on the scale but that trimming takes alot of energy out a big man's body for a long time, nothing wrong with his cardio or his heart I just feel a edge wasn't there for Eddy that lively bite he always has to his character wasn't shining in his eyes. Weird to explain but without being doctors we can all look at somebody and think they don't look theirself, I just had that feeling with Eddie at the weigh in I tried listening if he had a croky throat because I me, my dad and about 10 people I know without even going out had a bug or whatever a couple weeks back and it was literally man flu on mdma, took the stomach and lungs out my body felt empty and basically on another planet so just a thought. Like I said not sure if anyone noticed anything off with Eddie the fight week or maybe just the gradual shredding of his body shape still working savage mode in training camp left some of the best of him out the fight night. I'll be honest having watched Bjorn he's seemed that stiff that a bit of decent tactical and technical work would flatten him, but he surprised me improved alot tbf his trainer did a great job for the win.  Big respect to all men involved anyway God bless
When is the rematch?
Desolation of Thor?!! Hmm…the future isn’t quite what this video is about!
An orange?? Mate, Eddie.. that's not an orange, it's a grape.. it has to be😳
How many people does Eddie need 🤔 has he taken more with him than Thor? S-o-T
Desolation or decimation?
Is it an exhibition or real fight? Eddie will smoke thor
How did you get the liquids through security??
womdering if ross will be in your corner? i know hes having issues at tbe moment. would love to see hall and edgley meet up again.
Why is Eddie the only dude wearing a mask walking around...
why is he still fat?
What would you do if Eddie and his mates were coming at you?
I want to bet some money on Eddie where in the UK can i do this?
Why is thor doing arnolds? He conditioned himself and dropped loads of weight for this fight? Which is 2 weeks away. Proper random
How does cost it in first class
Hey Eddie have you seen the hazelnut whisper gold? , ah mate they are so good maybe after you win the fight you could get a box 📦
Desolation or Decimation?
What happened to the his sparring partner the mountain?
What are you intermittently wearing that mask for Eddie?  Thor never put a mask on once or got vaxxed.  My money is on Thor.
I wonder if you know the meaning of desolation? Lol
When is the fight seems like it's always moving
Can he win?
where is josh?
Curious as to why you're wearing a mask walking through the airport?! 🤦‍♂️
Desolate or decimate, which is it? Are you going to make Thor feel wretched and unhappy, or are you going to reduce him by 10 percent? Both, perhaps?
the fights for free? i would have paid
desolation of Thor? 🤔
Dude u tryin to box? Lol! Good luck man but thor is gonna smash u. I've been telling u this for 2 years...learn how u box lmao
how big is your head?  NOT as big as Oberst's!!!
How can we watch the fight? I keep waiting for Eddie to tell us. Somebody help me figure this out
Where can I watch the fight?
So is it desolation or decimation? Lol
I wonder if Eddie thinks he could take mike Tyson.  Prime for prime.  Obviously he could defeat mike now.
hi. Where can you stream the fight?
So.. where I can watch the match?
Where’s Josh? Who’s this Big Red guy? I don’t remember seeing him in previous videos
Legitimate question eddie. If you tore your bicep doing what your calling "fake boxing" (you showed the video, it's the same hands down sideways boxing as been for years) to psyche thor into thinking this is how you box. Then WHY after being injured, do you continue to do it? You know it injured you and put you back in training, could of had this thing done last year. Why continue to do the potentially dangerous for your body "not your real boxing" and not actually spend your actually needed time and energy into your "actual training"?
I heard it is 1 am fight in Dubai. Is that right? How are you going to cope with fighting so late?
How’s he get the food and drink on the plane
who is showing the fight how will we watch it .
Hey, what's this join button?
Where can I bet on this match ??
Wheres the big boxer lad?? U sacked him eddie?
How comes the fight is on a Tuesday?
first it was the biceps and now it's a cold. one wonders what the next excuse is just before the fight? Good luck Thor! 😅😅
Eddie will there be a rematch after you win? 😄 Big love!
will it be streamed?
does anyone know what the music is in the video
Do you have to be jibby jabbed with the experimental gene therapy mrna juice to fly to dubai????
hey eddie where can i Watch the game? i live in japan by the way ur content is awesome!!
I just have one question, who is looking after your dog?
Where can I watch the fight and where can I bet on the fight.
Can someone tell me where i can watch the fight live
What time and date will the fight be in NZ?? :) Been waiting and excited for this fight!!
Decimation or desolation?
Where can you buy tickets to watch the fight online?
Yeah you get your own cabin this time ... but does it come with a shitter where you don't have to open the door to wipe your ass? 😁
Is Josh not coming to the fight?
Where can we watch the press conference? Will it be in the same streaming platform as the fight?
How can we watch the fight? Will it be on YouTube.?
Anyone else having trouble trying to sign up to the SEGU tv site?  Just come up in red can’t sign up.  Thanks
Wait....the fight is happening really soon? I thought it was in a handful of months?
so are all the team in first class?
WHAT CHANNEL IS IT ON
How long do fights go for?
Someone please tell me the fight is titled clash of the titans
Am I the only one who thinks Eddie is looking very tired this video?
I’m confused is it the desolation or the decimation of Thor?
Who is screening this and how much? Can't seem to get much info online?!
Does anyone know where i can watch the fight and tell me whether its free or not?
What time is the fight?
Desolation or decimation?
Why the weight obsession Eddie? feels like you dont want to lose any and your training looks like its more wight training then boxing(i said looks like) You are not training to be the WSM anymore so why not drop to a more thealty weight?just wondering.
Ok. I've watched a lot of Eddie's videos now and at the risk of sounding dumb or too American, I have to ask; What is he talking about when he says physio? Is that like a physical therapist? Someone please answer lol. And fight well! this fight is going to be awesome!
Eddie do you know if this fight will be on any sports books? I hope so because this should make me some easy money, Thor doesn’t stand a chance
I live in Dubai, can we watch it live here?
I'm torn between the two in boxing skill. Thor has more technique, but Eddie more explosiveness. I so dearly want Eddie to win this
What's the excuse when Thor knocks you out
Is it a ppv fight ?
Where do I Bet on this fight?
Desolate? He's gonna be really lonely?
If the right is available to watch on Freeview so for free will it be ok e on your YouTube channel?
why doesn't your coach tell you to keep your guard up
Who’s Thor?
When's the fight
Decimation or desolation? Title vs thumbnail
Ok honestly where can I bet on this match ?! Cant find it anywhere.
anybody know what time the fight will be?
Is it desolation or decimation? The thumbnail and title are not in agreement 😅
How can we watch the fight ??
What channel will we be able to watch the press conference and weigh in on?
Wheres Josh????
Who initiated the fight ?? Been that long I’ve forgot
How do you say going to have to attack Thor and get close to stores just gonna jab the shit out of them and big and he’s going to fall
Anyone know the time of the fight?
Where was the footage of the hotel?
Where was the big love the beast
I know you did videos with Wim Hof but you don't practice the breathing technique? You shouldn't be getting sick.
just wanna know, if thor gets in the same hotel , will we  see a sparring in the hallway?! much respect for both (from austria)...
Will there be an undercard?
When the press conference at?
Desolation?
Are you finally done fucking talking?!? Actually gonna right now??   Great!
How do they make money if the fight is free, anyone know.
Well is it decimation or desolation? 😄😄
Where will it be streamed Eddie?
