Can you make a video on combatting people that bring their keepers out? It feels like I’m consistently unable to score when they bring their keeper out this year.
Dude you don't explain why do you use this as your defensive tactic. What about offensive and normal tactic? you do use 4-4-2 as your normal formation.
What is the formation?
Starting to think all these videos are bullshit, I mean why would these guys want us to be good?
Is a 4 5 1 formation good?
what in-game camera angle is this?
So when put my play style on defensive in game will my players start doing the custom tactics?
I currently use a 4 1 3 2 formation do you think these tactics will still work or not
Can someone please explain what settings are changed when going attacking ultra def/attack or are you playing defensive all game ?
Please advise me how you compete against morons who buy the win by buying the best players vs a team worth less than 100k it's utterly pathetic. These idiots are ruining the game for everyone just can't compete no matter the tactics they walk through defences shoot from 50 yards and it goes in 😡. Any advice for full on defence and counter?
I'm a bit confused. Do you always keep your ingame settings at defensive and not balanced or attack? Great video btw.
Where's the attacking tactics?
Have you tried any of the 3 at back formations this fifa tried 1 and seems to work attacking wise but constantly getting caught on counter
Can you share tactics and gameplay for 4-3-3?
I’m confused are you using a 4-3-2-1 or a 4-2-2
Why do you use a more "attacking" setup on the defensive game plan??
What happened with showing cb's and goalie?
What camera is that
Am I supposed to go straight defensive as soon as it starts?
its so unclear he jumps over twice from screen and there is somthine completely diff on the tactics without him telling what for
As an American that knows almost nothing and is just starting the game, what recommendations would u give me? Need a lot of help
Whats a good formation for Serie A players?
Could you use this in a 4-3-3(4)??
Best players to use with this formation?
What’s the player instructions for both cb’s ?
Delaney over cam? Good or bad
What’s ur camera setting please dude
This tactics shit how can I play counter
When i used these tactics all my players would clump up on the opposite site of the pitch? Found my opportunity to create chances was literally zero??
Hi mate, thanks for the videos. Could you do a tutorial on the new left stick switching option? It’s really confusing for me 😅 thanks
do we change player instructions ?
Nice I shall try. Any tips for tackling? I hardly win any tackles, rebounds always go to the opposition.
Hey mate, just wondering who you think is more likey to hold their value, Llorente or KDB, as I can afford one of them and want to build a squad around them ! Cheers
Hey mate what is your camera angle that you use my game is so zoomed in on tele broadcast I like yours alot
Loved your 4-2-3-1 tactics managed to tweak them to suit me, question is would Sancho be good as the attacking CM in the 4-3-3-1?
Opinion on KDB as a CAM and Lukaku as a ST for the 4-2-3-1?
What are camera settings u have one? I really like how you can see almost 1 half of the field!
Could you use De Bruyne in CM in this?
So what’s better to play in at the defense or attack? What would you say is better? I’ve seen people use it in attack.
Wouldn’t it be better to have the attacking CM on the opposite side of the attacking full back for more balance?
What do you all think of the game?
How do you do that thing where you have another player running at them whilst controlling the other
You play old gen or next gen version of the fifa 22?
Do you have the left and right forwards on stay forward aswell as stay central
Does the Left CM on “get forward”, have to be pacey? Would somebody like KDB work there?
So which formation it is xD
What sort of striker would you suggest using someone such as Werner or would Lukaku be usable?
What camera angle and custom settings please in this vid?
Yoo bro..I try to ask this question a lot of friends and they have no answer.  Why why and again why what is this nonsense for what is so much information?  Who benefits from it.  Too much text on the main page is difficult if at all to know what formation your opponent is playing.  I think it's not necessary.same game same bullshit
Is the 3-5-2 viable this fifa or other 3 at the back formations?
Tactic? The gameplay is so laged it's big problem make pass xd
probably gonna get roasted by this but i need to know if i'm just bad or this is something to do with the game   i started playing fifa last year (fifa 21) so i'm not very good but last year i was doing fine, i could win some games. But now i cant even pass the ball haha is the game harder this year with these mechanics, my team/ formation/tactics are bad or i'm the problem?
Instagram gang! Looking forward to the new fifa, anyone else thinking of just playing career mode this year?
Do you play on the ps5 version or ps4 version?
Discord army (I’m the one who asks the stupid Shrek questions, take that how you will Al)
