Paul Tuttle on Pawn Stars? hahahaha
is there any good info on how scripted was this show?
Almost like these people are paid to act that way. IS there a word for that? People paid to act?
Not an avid watcher of the show, just random clips here and there....  Are the kids really as dumb as they seem on TV?  Or just an act?
Dose anyone know if the guy ended up selling that boat anywhere else
Do these people not realize their coming to sell their stuff to get resold? If they wanna get actual value gotta find a collector to buy it. Duh 🤦‍♂️
“Can you even find one?” Who cares, that doesn’t mean more money, demand for it means more money
There is only 150 like this left ? dude I never seen 150 boats XD
The scenes with rick in the back of store there's 3 guitars.  Red strat , anyone know what the blue guitar is?
Am I the only one thinking this title is clickbait.... they arent even that angry...
What do you have *a necklace worth 10k* sorry to burst your bubble but *what you have is $1,500* I'll give you 1k
18:43 shes thinking  ... now how am i supposed to get my house back after gambling it away lmaao
17:21 - _“What're those?”_  Well, they certainly aren't on His feet, that's for sure! 😮
Anyone else run out of Kitchen Nightmares to watch in 2024?
How could you not tell that’s a copy?
24:52 why doesn't his moustache fit his face?
What the hell’s a gorget, classic old man
anyone know if the last guy ever proved himself right?
Took out a second mortgage, huh?
Why is the sky blue?
3:39 did anyone else here the vine boom?
How do you decide on the final cut for a video like this?
Makers mark at the top near the flint lock and the owner didn't see that, and he's a collector?  He must've lived deep in the cave.
I don't understand why they go to a pawn shop when they want to sell an item. Don't you use a pawn shop if you're in need for quick cash and you come back to buy back your item unless it's already sold?
Why does this guy always have such an enormous swing of the arm when he goes in to shake someone’s hand. Like every single time he spends a good second or two before actually making contact
has anybody ever had to be dragged out by security?
Halbards? Tourist copies more like it.
How can someone walk into a place, not know what they have, hear an expert, then either out right deny that opinion or ask literally the price they said, clearly not knowing anything about actually selling something to a pawn shop
i was just searching deltarune ost why did this pop up
Paint job on that boat - probably close to $5,000 Factory motor (IF he can find it) - UNKNOWN.  Plus, work on the current motor and also possible electric work.  That seller waa just way too attached to the frame.
How dumb do grownup people have to be to EXPECT full retail when trying to sell something at a pawn shop????
I just wonder why these ppl act like this pawn shop is the only possible option… seek ppl who are looking for the collectible your selling, try different locations etc etc, some ppl act like it’s this place or no place..
I wonder if the Guy with the Lindbergh Briefcase ever came back..
A boat!? Theyre in the desert right?
Why do people think if they haul something is of value and they go to the trouble of hauling it down to the store, Rick Has to buy it, at Their asking price?!
tell me something when they tell you they need to call someone to check out the item that the customer brings in. When calling the expert does the customer get to hear them talk to their expert or not? Because if not they might tell the expert not to tell the customer the real price so they pawn worker can buy it for a lower price. When they sell it for the right higher price they will give a percentage to the expert for the lie he told.
Is it the original copy ? Looked like old paper and could have been the back copy of original which would make it worth something.
9:58  Wouldn't that be illegal for Ric to buy? He said he can't buy any that were made in the 1900s. His expert said it contains parts from the 1830s but was actually made around 1950
You need an expert to tell that was an Elvis copy?
Is there anyone who has any lead about the first boat guy? I want to make him an offer
I'm not sure if Chum Lee puts on an act or really is that stupid... I lean toward the latter.
who is this thick guy making weird comments? jimmy from gta 5?
The camera literally zooms in and shows its not an original like 20x during the clip. lol.  Are people really this stupid?
If you have a high dollar collectible, WHY WOULD you take it to a pawn shop?
What is Austin Russell smooking? 😆 Man that guy is high as a kite!
As for Lindbergh’s briefcase -it was sold to pawn shop before the transatlantic flight (when Charles A Lindbergh was 24). Why would Charles have a briefcase when he was a pilot?
"Is that your cry baby, whiney assed opinion...?" Seems to me it's not Rick whining.
26:20 what’s Jack Black doing in the pawn shop, he no play video games
If Rick didn’t want a boat why did he tell the guy to bring it down to the shop?
How was the lady in pink an angry customer? She was so nice
Do they have to pay the experts every time they go down to the shop for appraisals?
Why you cut the film? It's he OK? I will not read the comments to know! Show all in YouTube!
Hudson's bay - indians?
Why don't any of the people in the video look at each other when they shake hands?
Hey State Hospital North ... how much is a copy of an attempted bribery check worth (and then some)?
How's our old friend Detective Becky?
If they're so valuable and so rare, why are you trying to sell them in a pawn shop that is going to give you the very bottom of the range of what they're worth? These people are morons or actors.
I wonder if anyone comes in with Elvis Presley codeine or morphine prescriptions signed by his doctor....
Dang to find out you used your mortgage to buy something and later find out it’s worth $1500??? 💀
How drew know that it's fake? He uses magningly glass
What’s is the point of this show?
Why does he always sweet talk an item til a price drop? Or am I overlooking something??
A hundred grand? That kid is definitely the one who's smoking something and is about to buy more with that kind of money.
does the old guy even know how to run a pawn shop anymore or does he just lean on the talent.
Second mortgage on a house?? Probably lives in trailer 😂😅 1k
Do they ever know what a piece is about without calling in an expert?
I have a coin from 1912 how much does it cost?
Why not sell it but without saying it’s fake I mean anyone will buy it
14:30 Drew has been looking forward to it all day? So people who sell things have to wait around the pawn shop all day for experts to show up?
I wonder if pawn shops have financial arrangements with their experts to give below market value appraisals to unwitting customers so the pawn dealer can offer way below what an item is worth.
That Lindbergh briefcase interests me.  Why would Lindbergh, the unknown at that point, emboss his name on the inside of his briefcase?  Was that customarily done then --  instead of a luggage tag or business card holder -- as a way to identify your belongings?
They crossed the Ocean all the way to India just to make a trade with the Indians? They should've just scrapped it
Why would you bring a boat to a pawn shop lol. There's a ton of people out there with deep pockets who would buy that no problem.
The question is "what has HE been smoking?" $100,000...
How many times can you say 57 chevy in under 2 minutes. lol
I read an article about how all the deals are staged. So when the sellers get upset, aren't they just acting? lol
King of Rock and Roll🤔How and why!
Could they find someone more interesting to regurgitate fact he finds on the internet?
Why are the pawn stars all so fat
How is that these guys no so much about everything they get. When i go to a pawn shop to pawn something i never get a back story on what I'm trying to sell. 🤔
How much you want for the rifle's?  How about 2k Expert: they are worth 1k Pawn stars: Will you take 3 bucks?
The thing is, has he ever match anyone who asked for a selling price?
23:48 am I insane or is that a H*itler stash 😂
Why would anyone sell to a pawn shop? The expert evaluations are cool, but you are never getting a deal there. There are so many options now...craigslist, facebook marketplace, eBay, etc.
Trying to understand why a boat would be a "money pit"? I understand repair wise. My first boat ride was my uncle's Glastron. Loved it & it handled great. Just classy.
Do the pawn stars' ever lose? I ask as someone who never watches the show
Is it just me or is big Haus the coolest dude on earth?
how many people have been told something is fake when it’s real
I remember I used to watch this every week  back in the day is this show still going or are these all re runs ?
Idk why, but I feel like the old man should dye his hair that shade of light purple like many of the old ladies do! 💜
How is it possible that Rick looks at his shoes 100% of the time when he shakes a man’s hand? He has never once looked a man in the eye when he shakes. That’s not how deals get done.
17:53 nathan fillion plus woody harrelson?
Boat looks more like a 1958 Chrysler product. And that's a '56 Chevy, not a '57.
.. is Chum really a moron, or does he just act like that for the camera???
I'm curious what the lady did back in the day to get that contract from her "friend".
WHY would someone leave that briefcase and not take it with them...
Did he come back to cost a whole lot more?
Y’all realize that these are all staged right?
23:12 seems like the guy with the haliberds has actually studied something, but what was it he studied?
Why even waste time selling something for 75% of its value to these guys just so that they can make money.  lol list it online and sell it for what they would
Do you think those reactions are staged?
Been waiting to c this contract all day... thought rick just gave him a call... be right back... hmmmm
Lindbergh wasn't the first, nor the second, not even third across the Atlantic. See BBC programme Q.I. with Stephen Fry.
Why does Rick have such wimpy handshakes?
“What do you wanna do with it?”  Nothing man I just want you to look at it -_-
Why are these people so honest when they’re trying to sell their stuff??
How about gloves mr.autogrsph guy
Imagine walking into a bakery shop , checking out a piece of bread and then asking the baker what he wants to do with the bread.
I never understood y ppl go to pawn shops and expect like top dollar on a item
Why the heck these people expect top value from a pawnshop? Lol
Why do customers suddenly think they're experts on what they're trying to sell after a quick Google search like wtf😅
Why is treetrunks voice actress trying to sell elvis contracts?
Why do people goto pawn shops?! Well if you take an item to an actual auction you have to pay fees and the auction house takes a percentage on top. Pawn shops are a much faster way to get the money and they’ll give you a valuation at no extra cost. Just to have an item valued before an auction could cost you hundred of dollars.
how can you NOT see that the elvis contract is a copy? like HOW?
Did that guy ever come back
Boat-guy was on the verge of crying?
Is this a biased show or something 'cause everytime they call a do called expert it's always less that they expect
That neck piece.. alloy like that as a natural alloy appeared since 1550s. Although after that it had like a dozen names and varieties. Can't tell from video alone without chem expertise if that's artificial alloy or natural. And artificially it began to be recreated in germany since 1750 "german silver", yeah, 20% zinc even though they did NOT knew it's  zinc,  under another name - white silver, silver brass, etc,  Zinc first isolated in 1746.
Taking something of significant value (real or percieved) to a pawn shop and expecting to get a retail price out of it seems ridiculous to me? The "edge" and "rudeness" that some of these sellers have going in amazes me? Pawn shops are for people that are desperate for quick cash. Take it, market it and deal with all the inevitable ridiculous offers you will receive if you want top money. Otherwise STFU and either accept the offer or move on.
Who's William Hart ?
What is the song played in the beginning called?
Do they not know it's a pawn shop? It's not an auction place.
I’d love for the experts to flip the argument back around to the seller & ask why they believe they’re correct 😂
Wonder if the d-bag ever got 100k for his crappy necklace?
Was the rifle guy the same guy who brought in the Patterson Colt?  ETA - tney bring it up when the expert arrives!
“people that actually know what they are talking about” so people who will lie to you? just because he says something you didn’t like about your axes doesn’t mean he doesn’t know what he’s talking about
26:00 My question is even though it’s not Charles Augustus’s bag but his father’s Bag wouldn’t it still hold some kind of value through its history and extreme close association with Augustus himself?
Expert: Tell me what you know about them...so I can angle that into my appraisal to give my friends a bit of leverage in ripping you off.
So the Elvis copy why when he picked it up did it have a bit of paper barely hanging on and was a bit yellowed but in the original image it appeared ot be one solid piecec of paper?  Maybe I missed something or am seeing things idk
But where can you find one?  Well, it isn't like I woke up today and decided I need this boat.  It a general pawn shop.  The question is always "can I make money"?
I sometimes wonder if the writers/producer have the sellers go super jerky.
I know it’s a tv show that needs drama, but haven’t these people that bring in $100000 items to a pawn shop heard of auctions, eBay, Craigslist, etc….
wish they'd make a follow-up showing what these folks actually sold their stuff for, especially the $100000 necklace
Why are people so difficult?
Wasn’t the guy who brought the shotguns the same collector who brought the samuel colt pistol
Follow up on Lindberg leather bag? Did the mustache guy ever return with more proof it belonged to pilot?
Not strong enough to lift the rifles? What.
Dingleberry, Germany?  OMG I'm dying!! 😂
Anybody know when the last guy is coming back with the paperwork for the briefcase?
Wasn't the second man one of the two guys in 'Dumb and Dumber'?
Wonder if the last seller returned or not can’t remember
He mortgaged his house to buy a necklace?
How do you not research the product your wanting to sell?
How could Rick not know that Elvis contract was a photocopy?
I cheer when people walk out WITH their items. I'd be asking those guys how much they intend to charge someone else.
Why do these people act like Rick and the crew owe them something? These people clearly don't know as much about their items as they think, can't provide as much evidence to back them as the experts who just walk in and can list the reasons why it's not what they think it is, and then they still want to act like they should have to buy it anyway.
Isn’t this show fake anyways? Aren’t they all actors
If this show is staged then that lady with the Elvis document was an incredible actor. I really do wonder weather or not this show is real or fake
William heart, I wonder if he is related to Steve heart from BBCE.
They needed an expert to tell them it's a xerocopy? I could see it from here.
I’m looking to sell this briefcase full of $1 million in cash.   How much do you want for it?  I was hoping to get $2 million.   The best I can do is $50.
Guy comes in to sell 15 pounds of gold "i just want $1000 for it all" Rick: ohhh i dont know.....how about $50? Look man im taking all the risk here, theres some dents and scratches in those gold bars!
if we can tell it's clearly a photocopy on a low-resolution recording, then why go to so much effort, they blatantly spotted that right away,
wasnt that a chevy? lol
Why do I get the feeling like the second kid stole that item from his dad.
What's a solid flip, purchase for 40% of retail? Maybe up to 75% if we're talking about 10s or 100s of thousands. It's like these people think Rick can auction this stuff off the next day for 100% of the appraisal...
Why is everyone fighting with the waepons guy? smh
The Indians?
This one here is ancient it was on years ago why repost it?
Idk why he always ask " what you want to do with it " isn't commen sense that he want to sell it smh
Hudson Bay Gorget guy, was it a 2nd mortgage on a trailer home? Nearly identical piece like this was up for auction in 2015 expecting 2-3k usd. It sold high at 6250k. Most are valued at 1k or less.
How could the appraisal guy be looking forward to the Elvis contact all day if Rick just called him to come in and look at it? O ya I forgot it's all scripted just like that stupid storage wars show and all those other "reality shows". Lol
Selling rare on unused items through a pawn shop, and expect top or even market prices? Yeesh; if so rare, sell it yourself.
People selling rubbish and wanting way to much?
Briefcase could have been given to son, but how would it be possible to prove which sold it. It was probably used by both of them.
Is drew Chris Hansen’s brother?
The pawn shop always has the question: "if it's so great, why would you sell it?" to hit the customer with when they espouse the items virtues.
why do people think they will get top dollar going into a pawn shop
His dad mortgaged his house for that pos necklace? Then the kid tried to get $100k for it from Rick? The apple didn’t fall too far from the tree in this case, did it? Someone’s old man got f—ked good on that one. 😂
Where is that video with the old man ? the last video he wish he getting more I wanna see the stupid in his face after he dose his homework on that bag lol
Wouldn't the Lindbergh bag still have some value? Sure it's not the correct guy, and obviously wouldn't be worth thousands of dollars, but it's the guy's father? Surely, there's a collector who'd still want to add it to their collection?
3:53 zoinks why is shaggy trying to sell a mosaic
If it's a good looking boat why are you selling it.
Can we get a where are they now? Lmaooooo
"Can I get a tenth of a million from pawn stars?"
Is it a convertible lol
"But it's hand forged it has to be old!"  Me: looks over at my forge, anvil, and pile of half finished forging projects. Double checks that it is in fact 2021 when these were forged.
HTF is that worth anywhere near 100k in his head? Just cause it's old, it doesn't mean it's expensive.
How did the 4th person get those through an airport
Why would ppl get angry at ppl whos just telling them the truth ? Its ur own fault that u got something that u want for more than its worth.
Did the guy with bag ever come back?
Legend has it his still looking for evidence of that briefcase.   But really who goes to a pawn shop and expect to get top dollar for things? Everyone knows if you go to a pawnshop your going to get bend over your either going to pay more or your not getting what your asking or worth less.
The boat owner, ask yourself:" Would I pay for the boat w/ that price?"
11:58 was Rick releasing a demon or something??
the contract is legit. The checker person want to buy it cheap from that old woman. what is the purpose at 1955, making such 'copy' to create a fake document?
15:20 what is that face? was he cooked?
Where's Mr.Beast when these people need him?
It was very obvious it was copy that Elvis signature, why they called the expert ?
Funny how they keep hiring or bringing in the same appraisers, to appraise these peoples valuables, how come they’re no different appraisers? At least in the show of clips that I’m seeing, they all seem to be the same appraisers., Granted some of the items clearly are not worth what they are, there are some pieces in there that I don’t agree or not worth anything, this is extremely touchy to be a dealer or a buyer
14:30 Why does Drew look like a mix between Kennedy and Clinton?  💀🤣😂
"What the fxck r u talking about?" So scripted.
/?Why do they always make Chum lee sound like a moron?
What’s chumlees relation to Rick?
WTF would you ever sell anything like that to a pawn shop? Pawn shops are there to fk you out of what anything is worth
How exactly could they get “bad deals” when the show was scripted?  They admitted every item was cleared before appearing in the show.
Just in beaver? What is that?
What is it with these pawn shows all there customers seem to be mentally ill in the heads, there ether morons or retarded only in the US of  A
Pawn Stars:  Wow what an awesome boat, so cool, what do you want for it? Seller: 10,500 Pawn Stars: Ehhhhh like lipstick on a pig....bad paint job, falling apart.....  LOL these guys are hucksters....
Who buys a boat inlas Vegas?
Are these videos scripted ??
The last thing they check, is it a photo copy?
Ppl really should get things appraised at least 1 beforehand.. I mean how can you begin to trust in person doing the authenticity for a pawn shop... They get called there for a reason.
Why do these people not check out things before they buy, yet get upset when the pawn broker does just to find out that the objects arent that and then some
The last guy, did he ever returned with the documentation? He’d seemed so confident.
What is with this phenomenon where people are presented evidence that what they have is fake yet they become more steadfast in their belief that it's real?
A collector in a pawn shop?
The most annoying question is "what do you want to do with it".... What else are my intentions by bringing an item to pawn shop????
Why does Rick laugh at his own not so funny jokes?
How fake is this show really?
28:44 did he ever came back? 🤣
Why would anyone sell to a money grabbing pawn broker?
Everybody knows Pawn Stars is fake and scripted so why even have a video like this??
they don't like the shoe on the other foot? lol
5:00 how did he let him talk like that and not kick him out
How is a suitcase that belonged to a congressman who was the father of Charles A. Lindberg worth nothing?
what is the guy with the goat bear doing? Know nothing, but smirking all the times.
I wonder if the "punk kid" oops sorry the guy with the gorget finally got his 100 grand?
For the people wondering the halberd is worth 1600 now
Find a 1958 glastron?I live on a big lake in north Idaho and I have seen at least 30 of them.I am looking at one right now to buy for 2k
He didn't like how he asked the zinc question???🤣
Did anyone else notice Rick said he bought the Old Man a 57 Chevy, yet they show a 55...?
How about good deals, there used to be a pawn shop "Junkarucci" in Barkly St, StKilda c1990 and Johnny the Proprietor who later went on to run the Town Hall Hotel in Nth Melbourne sold me from Junkarucci my first Clive Barker book "Weaveworld" for $10 aehy did get some odds and ends aehy quizzed Johnny "How does the shop work?" Johhny said "Well once aehy went to a Garage Sale and there was a $2 box of jewelry, plastic beads and stuff, aehy bought the box then looked through and found a gold Rolex aehy took it to a Jeweller and sold it for 10 grand"....
Why would anyone bring something valuable to a pawn shop? What about Christie’s and Sotheby’s??
Am I the only one who could tell the Elvis contract was a photocopy just by glancing at it ?. It was pretty obvious
You even blacksmith bro?
I wonder if they do a practice run before they turn the cameras on. Like do they rehearse because it often sounds really stiff like they're reading from a script
Why does the first guy look like the shorter guy from American Pickers??
And then they're like I'm still interested.... 🤔 and why is that.
why would anyone go to this loser, just post on ebay wait a few weeks and get what you want from your items
Does anyone need credit repair? Comment here with an email for more info😊
Do these guys who have an expertise on literally anything that you can think of just live down the street?
I don't understand why these professionals don't wear gloves when handling old paper.  Our fingers have oil and grease on them.
3:01 Gatis Kandis, is that you?
Did the last guy ever come back?
I wonder how many people got owned and bought that fake copy of the Elvis contract.  Her friend who gave it to her probably spent some big money for it
I know its only show but why people pawn anything not selling byself? Got that some people too lazy or not best with technology but rest of?
Do the buddies and experts ever side with the sellers?
Gee...I wonder how many times the "buddy expert" ultimately ends up being the buyer of the item from the pawn shop. Conflict of interest possibly affects the appraisal value? Hmmmm.
i wonder how much it cost ? my life
why is the guy so nice tho
2nd mortgage on a house are you serious
Why does anyone sell stuff at pawn shops? Throw any of that stuff on eBay and they may have gotten what they wanted….. except maybe the necklace, idk what it’s worth
Why TF would ppl sell rare items to a pawn shop......
i wish there was after interviews. like 6 months later goes back and interviews the person did you get the money you were looking for?
How was the Elvis contract not immediately deemed a copy?
is that one of those "boats" from spongebob?
Why would anyone sell something of real value to a pawn shop? Go where there is a real market...collectors.
Why didn't that Elvis expert guy looked if it was an original at first?
What is the name they had for the  medieval spears? Is the name “Haubert”?
What if the elvis contract guy was just bullshitting
The eternal question. I have a priceless work of art. Do I take it to Sotheby's in NYC or to Rick's Pawn Shop in Vegas?
All the expert are ready to explain..how can he get someone expert in just a few minutes to come to his shop to explain. Or the “expert “paid actor” just to make this pawn shop more interesting.
19:00  “Have you ever had these appraised?”  “I’ve done my own research.”
Why show never stayed rip off arrests who stole from there customers period
Why do people go to these guys when they clearly screw people over lol
If these are real professionals, why aren’t they wearing Gloves while they inspect aged items?
How come these guys knows so much minute details as soon as the customer bring then things.
....How many years should we wait?
What I really want to know is how much longer is green painting of the lead singer of The Doors, going to remain unsold haha
It all boils down to one question: being polite is the best way out in the middle of a negotiation. Sell whoever you want and buy whoever you want. Nobody is obligated to anything. But staying balanced at a time like this is the best way out.
Gee, I wonder why he though Rick took him to be "some punk kid?"  Any guesses?
Was chum on xans in the first few seasons?
“Is it supersonish?” -Chumlee
Cracks me up how someone brings something in and the the Pawnshop guys ask what it is and 30 seconds later they are telling the guy everything there is to know about the thing even though 30 secs earlier they did not even know what it was ROFL....
I was watching a Mike tyson video... how did I get here?
Really what ever cud it beef
The Elvis contract looked like a copy the first time they showed it on camera. Why was that so surprising? Just hightening the suspense for ratings perhaps.
Halberd guy and Craig were wearing the exact same $20,000 watch... Audemars Piguet Offshore Chronograph 25940... Do they hand them out at the airport when you land? 9:10 and 19:51
You ever feel like these people such as “Craig” have a deal w the pawn shop to come in and say some items are worth less than they actually are so that the pawn shop can get a killer deal?
Anybody know if the guy sold the boat after and how much ?????
Couldn’t there be a high possibility that the pilots father handed the bag down to his son? Like that’s a very plausible situation and wouldn’t the bag still be worth something considering it’s for sure in that family as well as the father being a Congressman?
did he ever find out if it was his father's or son's bag?
This pawn shop bargaining the value. Its not just the price its about the story behind the item.
I have watched a couple of your episodes. Now, I have a question..Is your shop a mob front? You guys seem to be rolling in money for a "pawn shop".
Where did you see such a cat that would care what mice say about it?
What is ed sheeran doing in pawn stars?
Why do people like the punk kid walk outside thinking that hair is acceptable? He clearly made sure it looked like that
Lip stick on a pig ?
I wonder if their professionals are advised to tell them stuff isn’t worth anything to try and buy the stuff stupid cheap
Pawn shops are all rip offs lol! Don’t people know?
How do these guys sleep at nite?
Am I the only one who finds the owners arrogant/ignorant?
Johnny Cash's guitar? The best that I can do $3.00
You should ask for a US$200,000
and what's with the dude with the halberts... he loves them doesn't mean he's an expert on pricing them... he's just mad he probably paid more than what they're worth and can't get rid of it.
What's with people and boats... I wonder what kind of mansion he lives in lol.
The art of owning a pawn shop is to offer no more than 1/3 of what they're asking. They always ask how much they're asking and then offer 1/3 of it.
I can never understand why you would bring a high value item to a pawn shop? If the neck protector was worth 100k , why wouldn't you find a collector and get top dollar??
A RIC,😆🤷🙅,how much can I get for a gold plated adult diaper ?300 grams anorexic sumo man diaper.😆🤷🙅
750 a piece? Shiiii I wish I could get an AR for less than a grand without having to build it lmaooo
lipstick on a pig? 😳 🐷 🐖
i wonder if these guys sold their stuff more than pawns offered
Why don’t these people who think they have something try to sell them to collectors, or get their items appraised. No one sells a rare item to a pawn shop 🙄
bro lived in Little Falls Mn? that’s like 10 minutes away ⁉️🤣
I felt bad for the lady, but I would like to know how much that Stevie Wonder painting cost!
I recognize the old man with the rifles. Has he been on the show before?? 🤔
Maybe research the prices on ebay first? The gorget goes for $400-$500. Ha ha. Shoulda taken the $1000
Why is Dumblee even there?
People are still saying “Indians” when referring to Native Americans? Indians are people from India. Calling natives, “Indians”, is just insulting and also just plain incorrect.
I just looked up on the internet halberds I can get them from 500 to 1500 whose interested?lol
Who goes to a PAWN SHOP to get top dollar for a collectable or antique?? You go to a dealer who specializes in whatever you want to sell and put it up for auction, AFTER you have it evaluated by a professional to see if it's authentic! That is why I stopped watching this show, it got so repetitive and the people who went to sell to a pawn shop were overall undereducated in what they were selling. Sheesh!
Who actually pays those experts to show up and give their oppinion?
Why do people think there gonna get too dollar at a pawn shop I gotta go into it knowing your gonna maybe get half of what your asking they still gotta stock it hold on to it as inventory and try to maybe sale it for what your asking for it some people logic is crazy to me 🤣🤣🤣
5:47 lol why the random fact blip about the AR-15?
Always great to hear chumlee ask a question a 9 year old would ask.
what happens when you put unrealistics up against unrealistics?  You get all these idiots.  Except for ChumLee lol
Am I the only one who wants to hug the sweet lady? Cheers from Portugal
If you’re friend gave you a contract Elvis Presley signed why didn’t they pawn it. 😂😂😂
It is all fake so why does it matter
"let's see if this is an original" - proceeds to grab that thin sheet of paper and creasing it
Can you guys maybe add subtitles to your videos?
Why didnt these sellers consult with a buddy ?
Can we get an follow up video on Kris the punk kid successfully selling that shyt for 100K 😂
Liam mcpoyle?
Wonder if he still has the boat. I'll drop 10 for sure easily. My pops would love this. My paint guy would hook me up just as long as he can go fish on it and smoke himself retarted while doing it
Is it Chumlee or DUMBLEE?
If it belonged to his FATHER isn't there like a million percent chance that he passed it down to his son? That's a rhetorical question.
Does Chumlee have learning difficulties? What a mong.
Why get mad if someone doesn't want to buy your stuff?  Even worse not getting not an offer 😆
Hi, Pawn Stars, This is Curtis, I have a real to reel by Jimi Hendrix, what do you think it's worth?
The stupid thing customer do in this video is question Mark Hall patton
Why do you  have to rub your fingers on contracts and paper work?
Who wants to find out who the old woman is and start a gofundme to help her 😃😃😄
3:31 where did your dad live? A mud hut?
Where do these people come up with these insane prices? They clearly have no idea how pawn shops work, and then even at auction pricing, they are asking for way WAY too much.
The Elvis contract?  You need a hoop to tell it is a xerox?
0:15  is this a convertable? DA BABY?!!!
Wouldn’t a carbon copy be obvious to an expert instantly?
The quizzical nation comparatively influence because observation archaeologically pause athwart a amazing verse. gullible gusty, dull sandra
Weren't they on ICarly???
The living pants collectively question because protocol possibly entertain above a misty roll. economic, towering tabletop
He’s not strong enough to fire a 45? Lol wtf there is no way he’s a firearms collector...
The throat protected episode there was a song playing in the background how could I find it ?
Do you have to stay for his history lessons when you just wanted to sell something?...
Can't they get better actors
$85,000? That’s not enough for the number of grafts you need for a full head of hair. And it’s not even close to what Rick needs.
Is it just me or the old man never ages??
What’s the music ??
One of the oldest companies in the World? USA maybe, there are Japanese companies that are 2000 years old.
Any episode of the store selling an item?
I always asked my self why aren’t they using gloves when it comes to Antiques?.
Do these guys know pawn shops aren't collectors? They're there to make money... if you're items are really that valuable and you're certain then why aren't you going straight to the consumer?!?
I wonder if he ever did prove that it was not his fathers I would like to know that
Why do people always come in saying, "I'd like to get $10,500" and then start negotiating at $10,500?  Do they not know how negotiating works?
No lie had my first 17 second ad wtf is happening? ?
How do you let someone walk into your store cuss at your expert and not kick them out immediately….
Why would anyone go to a pawn shop looking for top dollar?
Because they haven’t hear their offer until now? Why people gotta be dumb. Probably will sell it online after they hear the price.
The crackhead at 4:45 😂 where did he get that number and why ?
Why would someone take an old, unique boat to a pawnshop?  Why take anything valuable to a pawnshop?  Do people really like getting 1/10 or worse, of the value of their items?
You can see the Elvis is a copy clear as day, how couldn’t the “expert” or Rick see that from the start? Smh
It these things were hundreds of years old, why dont they use idk like gloves? Call me crazy but ive seen things that were like 100 yrs old and the pros all csi everything. These guys grab them like they are the last piece of chicken at a KFC
Am I the only one who loves these yet find them so hard to watch at the same time 😆
Still using that skinhound  eh ?
How much was his $50 necklace actually worth
I don’t get how people ask “what’s the lowest you could do” and then ask for lower after the person tells them. And then the spineless dude goes along with it like do you not understand what you mean by lowest
What are those ?!! 😂
Maybe I missed this part (And also because ik nothing about the pawn business) But is there anyway the contract could still be valuable? I mean if it was copied around the same era it was signed would not have some value?
Do these people understand that a pawn shop is never going to give you top dollar for something? They'll generally give you about one quarter to one half what it's worth. If you want top dollar go find a collector.
Is there any American here who has  ever met them ?
how could they not tell the Elvis contract was a zerox?! I called it, the second she put it on the counter!
How come his experts that come in never make an offer. Probably be better than Ricks.
I'd like to know how they pay all of the experts who are on call.
I wanna know how much they pay the "experts" to undervalue things.
Was a good lookin' boat...idk Rick...
Wonder if any of these are worth something because some moron argued about their price to Rick on Pawn Stars.
Why would the guy who checked the elvis letter not just let the old lady have a good day and get some money
I feel like it could have been Charles passed down from his dad 2nd hand?
he got the Axes in Dinkelsbühl? wow thats only 20 km from my home and i have friends there :D very old city :)
Anyone else hear that creepy distorted scream at 12:58 ?
I'm I the only one who saw immediately that the Elvis Presley contract was a copy?
In this age of the internet doesnt anyone take 5 minutes and do a little research online before bargaining with a pawn shop?
These people are always like "I could sell this online for way more than you are offering!". Then why don't you?
the guy shooke at $1450 not 14k
Could you squeeze anymore ads in here? Greedy.
These people are always like "I could sell this online for way more than you are offering!". Then why don't you?
I hav never actually watched the show but why does it not seem lik there is never any wait at all for the guys he calls in to come i mean i get there is a cut but still are they all lik down the street doesn’t even look lik they wait 20 mins uk
Angry and disappointed about WHAT?  They are playing their roles and acting the script. Some people think this is real
Anyone else catch the Amazing Fantasy 15 on the shelf at 26:37 ?
is it a convertible
Is this just staged?  Not really watched much of it tbh! But I guess it’s just set up for views....? Like storage wars is staged 🤣🤣
Why are these people getting angry about being offered less than what they think it’s worth? Like, it’s ok to disagree, but why get mad? They don’t owe you a sale, they have every right not to buy your stuff.
dude with the necklace looked like he was jonesing, right?
Always wonder how much is that Jim Morrison picture or is it not for sale? I love that photo
I could tell that contract was a copy the moment I saw it. How could they not tell?
How many adverts could you fit in this, ruined the enjoyment of watching
Why do people like that use pawn shops that will only give you a little money? Sell it online, Facebook, E-bay, etc.
Why is that a lot of people is angry at Rick for his offers the seller always has the choice.
sometimes people come with very rare stuff. I ask myself why don't they put it on auction and you will get ten time then you would get at a pawn shop.
Have you found any comment with my name....FIND OND,,,,,,FIND ONE
I have always wondered why these people go to pawn shops.  Don't they know that pawn shops don't give you squat for whatever it is you have?  Sell them at an auction, on ebay or some other place.  I would NEVER go to a pawn shop.  These idiots have no one else to blame but themselves.
Why does people ask so much money for worthless stuff
11:57 was that his laugh ??😂😂
Why are their expert friends always show up so instantly?
Why didn't that guy "pawn" the Gorget take the 1,000 dollars, and they come back for it later? Obviously he needed "some" money and he could have had it AND get to keep the piece as well. Some are just so greedy these days!! Another thing; EBay anyone?  The stupidity of some never cease to amaze me.
I have a question?  I have been looking into some coins on the Litecoin network, seems like most of these coins like Scala, Turtle coin, electronero are all still at ground level.  A person can pick up millions of coins for a very small investment/risk, have you done any research on these coins?  I have heard little to nothing about them.  There are also coins on btc network nero, arrr, wow and others.  I was just hoping to get your opinion on these projects.
Why would anyone come in to sell an item that they believe is worth any kind of significant money (10-100k) and NOT have had an expert validate the value before coming in? And then accept what the pawn shop owner's expert/friend says about the value? Makes zero sense.
Can you put the subtitles please ?
I think he wanted to low ball me ..lol..yea 99 percent of what you think it's worth? Geeze..hes in the business of making money..but hes not going to RIP you off that bad
I have 104 years old grandma, walks, talks and sometimes cooks, how much can I get ?
How can one be a pawn shop owner, and not know anything ? The guy is always leaning on others to do the work ...
5 or 6 angry/disappointed customers? 🤔
I question some of these these so-called experts they bring in as much as I question the potential sellers.
Anyone else feel bad for the lady?
Find one WHY?
I don't know why these people are so angry???  If you believe your "antique" worth a lot nore than what they are offering, then its easy just sell it yourself.  Why even bother to go to the pawnshop?!?!
Rick asks for the history and once the guy says its from 1957 rick immeadiatly starts to explain the history behind these rare items
I have a 2021 original stimulus check will you buy it lol 😆 ... it's even signed by the person who cashed it on the back
on the  necklace get it appraised if you want 100k
so how does one make a carbon copy of a type writing machines?
What should we do, when we are deceived by a trader. The merchant steals a piece of our item from us and then says it was us. Some idea.
what i want to know how do they take the scratches out the glass display cabinet with everthing thrown on them asking for the mrs lol
I know it's a show and it's all staged, but why do you keep having the disgruntled customers use the argument that they could sell it to someone else for what they're asking rick to pay? Why even come into the shop? Because it's staged. That's why.
"poleaxe is an english term for warhammers"  excuse me?
did the 3rd guy say the n word on the flashback?
Why would you be handling a document like Elvis’s contract without gloves? If that thing was worth $10k you better believe I’d have it in a sleeve away from oily fingers.
Why doesn't anybody EVER highball Rick? If they want to sell something for $10,500 they should start out asking $17,000. Then let Rick talk them down from there. No one ever, ever tries that on this show.
It’s funny how they ask..”so tell me about this...and than they proceed to tell them all about their items lol
Please tell me the Elvis lady has French Bulldogs. She looks just like one. Those bottom teeth and all.
Is it a convertible? 😂
Why would you want to pay $1,500 if you found it in the ground?
Well if you want big money on this ask an expert if it's authentic and if it is then sell it at an auction .. simple
Is the briefcase dude rocking a Hitler moustache or am I trippin
Why don’t these sellers put these items online instead of trying to get a lower price than what they want?
The neighborly withdrawal singly hang because bone reportedly check during a murky question. cute, poised hedge
First guy is too invested in his project boat and thinks a seller would pay more than top dollar for his pet project?  He could never sell it to anyone for that much money much less a pawn shop whose only goal is to make money off the thing!
If you're wanting top dollar for something why would you take it to a pawn shop?
100k for a gorget really is that even a deal I’d say no immediately
Was that second guy Liam McPoyle?
Is no one gonna talk about the fact the pawn shop dudes  were on that one episode of Icarly?
Ok, i really am curious what is the name of that soundtrack on 18:48, heard it before in another show, couldn't figure out the name of it.
Why sell it to pawn shop? Just sell it yourself
05:25 He wanted to lowball you a 100k ornament for 1k? Lol. Even cheap rick isnt that cheap lol
Where's the battletoads?
Is  this  staged?
Is everyone just going to ignore that the second guys dad took out a second mortgage on his house for a nickel necklace worth 1500?
Wtf is he selling a Gorget for. He’s like 25
Anyone ever noticed all the wrist flopping handshakes from these folks?
Where is this guy's kid? He reminds me of that dad from Ted.
They out a business yet?
Does anyone actually like the Pawn Stars? They pretty much rip you off or make fake TV deals so I have heard.
Am I the only one that knows that you don't go to  a pawn to get top retail dollar ???
I wonder ...are these appraisers working with the pawn shop ?
What do people expect when they take their valuables into a pawn shop 🤦 what do you think the job of a pawn shop is 🤦🤷 anyone?
What can you expect from selling items?  Having it sold instantly?
I wonder how much the expert cost
I hear that Rick is almost broke now and his store is making huge losses, can anybody confirm?
That car looks more like a 55 or 56 Chevy. 57’s don’t have the white going up like that near the trunk
Even an old copy of an Elvis contact has to be worth $100?
It's difficult to say who were the bigger horses' patoots on this show. The store owners or the customers.
LMBO can you even find one? None wants to find one moron. piece o junk w a cable n pulley steering mechanism.
Why why why why why can’t chum and Corey put padding on the glass
History Channel still hasn't got it right. Pawn star in history channel?
Am I the only one that hates Corey?
Ya'll know most of this is staged right?
Isn't  the show almost all fake?
Why is it that ugly people are always inflated with video views?
Wasn't this show proven staged?
Nobody thinks that maybe Charles Lindbergh might have been given the briefcase from his dad?  So we just pass on something that was probably owned by a famous historical American because he didn’t buy it at a store himself.  That’s like passing on Abraham Lincoln’s top hat because it was originally owned by his father... btw it sold at auction for 8.9 million dollars.
But he'll take $1500 a piece?
Does anyone know what happened to that guy with the Hudson Bay gorget? Did he try selling it?
They dont know the name William Hart?
Is this fake? How do they talk between scenes like that?
Who in their right mind or even out of their mind brings a 1958 Glastron to a pawn shop
Why was the with the halberts flexing so hard? My guess roid rage. This guy came in with an ego the size of chumlee.
"Belief" is not evidence. Epic fail.
Why would you sell a boat like this to a pawn shop....
Why did I think she was putting her middle fingers up at them at 15:12 lmao
I wonder if this was before or after that autograph guy was proven to be an absolute fraud
4:20 is that the dude that 💥🔫 up all those asian massage people recently?
Trade with the Indians? Were they in India?
Did the last guy ever come back with the brief case?
Did it ever occur to them, that maybe that Lindberg bag might have been a hand-me-down from his father?. Even thought it wasn't made for Junior, it may have still been something his father would still have given him as a sort of "Hey maybe if he doesn't become big like me, he won't have to change the name on the bag" or "Maybe he will fallow in my footsteps and take up my name entire". food for thought?!
Did that last guy ever come back?
How about that halberd... did a simple google search for antique halberds(not reproductions) found one for $1500 and one for $3000.... nothing close to the guys $7500 per. Unless it could be proven to belong to nobility.
How can he not hold it up? Ive had the opportunity to shoot an old triple barrel musket.  Theyre not that bad.
why do people forget that ultimately it is a pawn shop and they still need to make money...
did he paint that boat with a mop?
Where is the Pez guy?
Why would you take out a second mortgage for some random artifact??? Just stupid.
