The NYT reported that hamas had detailed information about the Israeli military, including troop movements, server locations and their intelligence hub. I wonder if that information was among the dozens and dozens of boxes of highly classified documents trump stole. If it was then he is the likely source, especially considering the fact that he had an axe to grind over Netanyahu's acknowledgement of Pres. Biden's win and the fact that he works for putin who is chummy with Iran who funds hamas. It's worth noting that trump's father in law is a communist who likely worked for the secret police in Slovenia/Yugoslavia, still owns houses there and frequently travels there AND lived in the White House with trump when he was president. Since the hamas terrorist attack trump has been publicly gloating, as if he knew it was coming.
Flood the tunnels with water or CO2. Why go in and risk lives ???
isnt this the journalist who spread fake news about the children?
why do israeli lives matter more than palestinian? why is the death count of one more important and talked about? israel is forcing hundreds of thousands out of their homes, spreading white phosphorus along gaza, stripping citizens of their food, water, and electricity. for YEARS netanyahu and his government funded hamas in order to push peaceful palestinian independence down, and is surprised when it backfires? it’s ridiculous. the israeli government must be held accountable for their crimes against humanity. my heart aches for those killed on both sides of this conflict
Has anybody thought of flooding the GAZA tunnel system with water? why go to them when you can bring them to you?
Why can't we all just get along and live in peace? This war is costing us all. There is no morality on both sides.
What about if you set up rewards to find hostages in Gaza!! Arab would sell their families if money involves.
Are you aware of any examples of "innocent" adults in Gaza standing up against Hamas terrorists? Have any "innocent" adults in Gaza become informants telling the IDF where to find the terrorists?  Is someone truly innocent if they see evil happening and do or say nothing to try to stop it? (Think 1933 - 1945) I am not convinced that telling good people in Gaza that they are completely innocent when they stand by and do nothing to prevent terrorists does any good. I am more and more convinced that empowering good people in Gaza to inform against terrorists and instill in the good people in Gaza a duty and responsibility to stand up aganist terrorism is a sound approach. Although they do not deserve the consequences that have come to them, can they realistically expect anything else if they stand by and do nothing? 🤔
How is that done?
Where were Blinken's tears when the same atrocities happened to Ukranians by the notsee Ukranian army for the last 9 years?
What do I know, I don't live there  But if a million people evacuate Gaza isn't Hamas going to evacuate as civilians hiding in plain sight?  Prayers for the people of Israel.  God be with you
Like that’s even possible, draconian bs
The terrorist group of people think that they can do what they want without any question  ask don't think so ❤❤❤
That anchor has a face for radio, and a voice fit for an ASL interpreter. Who hires these people?
What I dont get is….when you warn Gazans to move, wont Hamas just move to those “safe” areas with them?
Evacuate to where?
Evacuate to where?? What Israel is doing is so evil. No support for this vicious retaliation
evacuate to WHERE? ffs
I cannot stand the media! I've watched multiple reports and these idiots continuously ask "is there going to be a ground invasion"??? What??? They actually have to ask that question??? Good God our society is doomed if people are this blind.....
Why is it when Hamas kills people it's muder, but when Israel kills people it's "deaths"?
Will Hamas continue to hide in tunnels like rats and use their Palestinian population as human shields in the war they started? I bet you that Hamas will force population to stay under the bombs as they did since a week now…
What am I supposed to Boodoo? I called for an Uber. Got an Arabic driver with a Palestinian flag. Do I are myself I refuse the ride, but according to Uber, that’s racist they don’t understand they send use mostly air, drivers permit drivers Arabic, Arabic drivers mini with Palestinian flags.
How they know how many people died because they don't know how many died in Hawaii
Why are we warning the enemy before we strike?  Who does this???  👀
What prevent Hamas from evacuating with the general population?
This shit has been going on for decades... why is this all of a sudden news again?
Isreal intelligence knows which buildings Hamas are located in, but they didn't see this attack coming?
Deprivation of food, water, furl and electricity then asking them to leave? That's basically impossible.
Where are they going to go? It’s already the most densely populated area in the world
how many people would like to be bossed around like this by foreigners? just wondering oh and it doesn't matter if its a war or not.
Any protesters who cover their faces are doing so for a reason; they want to hide their identity and why? What are their intentions....
How about the UN tells Israel what to do.Cut all Israel funding until they find a solution with Palestinians.
If Palestinians are so innocent than why they were celebrating and passing out candies after what Hamas did to all these innocent Israelis in such inhuman way?!
I wonder if Hamas will just let their Palestinian citizens walk out without gunning them down.......either way the ordinary citizen is screwed......
What has the UN actually done in the last 70+ years besides  bring Castro into the USA to speak at its conventions?
Where are the Gaza citizens supposed to go? Will you let them into Israel? They can’t get through the ONLY exit into Egypt. Help me understand??
Why 24 hours? Palestine planned this attack for 2 years and didn’t take care of it’s citizens? Like leaving your border open to terrorists, governments don’t care about their people over there or over here.
This war is not adding up. Why would Hammas order an attack knowing this would eradicate his own people?
I wonder how many Palestines will walk to the Temple Mount, under the directive of tha Hamas Leader?   Where are these civilians going to go?   Egypt does not have open arms, and says only 400 are allowed in per day? Why doesn't Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon and the UN help these civilians?   These civilians have no water or electricity.   Did Hamas not think of their people?  So many questions unanswered.   Prayers for Jerusalem and for all the innocent people.   Those who want war let them fight away from the people. May Jesus protect the innocents.  May those who do not know Jesus, find Jesus in their hearts.  Only Jesus can bring peace.   🙏 ❤
Why are you supporting terroriats?
Does UN acknowledge that hamas and hezbollah still is threatening very simple existence of Jewish state 🤔? And what is the UN planning to eliminate the threat by hezbollah and other Islamic terrorist groups that are threatening Israel in future 🤔??
I suppose the innocent Israeli people brutally killed warranted a stern slap on the hand? Seriously.  When Hamas attacked innocent women, children they should ignore this terrorist group!
Why are Muslims angry now that Israel is fighting back?  Palestinians and their supporters rejoiced at the crimes committed by Hamas shouting Death to Israel!!  They should continue dancing and singing and enjoy the situation.🙄
do you think thst the israelis don'nt know thst the attack is coming?israelis  one of the most smart in terms of espionge ? do you beleive?
Wonder how long it will take Israel to nuke iran, nuclear winter coming your way
Why did Hamas asked Israel to remove your innocent babies or civilians
UN who?
It take two to tango I’m wondering if the government israelís are so inocente
Get more 'peackeepers' in there for the operation?
Where is HAMAS now??? 🤣🤣 hiding in MAMAS dress.... SATAN AKHBAR!!!! SATAN AKHBAR!!! 😂😂😂😂
If there is a true and just God, I ask to be with the Palestine People. Be with the people who don’t have a voice to tell their story.
Why do they continually attack Israel?
How are the Israelis on a high moral ground when they have illegally occupied gaza and the west bank for decades.
Is UN a stooge for Israel ? Or maybe UN a errand boy & puppet of Israel.
What is the un doing to arrest these Hamas war criminals?   Un should condemn hamas for intentionally trying to kill their own people by lying about the evacuation order.
How in the Fuck did Benjamin netanyahu get back in office he was gone and now he's back can't you guys see he's a fucking criminal we will put him in hell he will not get away with nothing and so will we put all of them in America in hell also. 💀
Is not war for land is religion war
Did Palestinian terrorists tell Israely 1 hours in advance that bomb and slaughtered Israely?
How can you win when you warn your enemy.
why is this
Where do they evacuate too?  Genuine question
Is spreading misinformation and supporting Zionist terrorism your specialty?
I’m confused. Israel has given over 5 days of warning to leave Gaza. But Hamas won’t let them go. I’m curious where these Palestinian people could go? I’m sure their neighbouring countries are welcoming them. Again, these 1.2 million have been warned for days.
Where are the people to go ? They are trapped like rats in a bucket.... 😢😢😢
Can we ask the ? If this gets us close to peace or further. Who’s gonna feel safe Palestinian or Israel? This Zionist way is not the answer.
if hamas hand over hostages, will the IDF continue to take out gaza or will they stop?
Evacuate and go where? And when, if you can come back, what will you find?
Have they heard about our Jesus?
Is this not a form of genoside?
Where are the Gaza peoples supposed to go ?? There blocked  by land sea and air, now food water fuel and electricity  are blocked.
Where will the evacuees evacuate to may I ask ?
So, how will Israel destroy huge tunnels, built under houses, that allow weapons into Gaza?
Well .. to where?
For all those blaming Israel, what was hamas thinking of? what was their aim? did they think Israel 🇮🇱 will not retaliate? my heart goes for the civilians of gaza, caught up in this war, but a people pay for the actions of their leaders. Hostages have been taken, innocent children and vulnerable men and women,  youths slaughtered, for what reason,  what were they thinking of? the gazans are now shouting, to whom? Israel will defend themselves and do everything to flush hamas.
Did homegirl bust a fart?
Is there any way to put a FULL STOP against quran or any kind of Islamic preaching ?? Otherwise this problem will never come to an end ...
Wait what? The Isis imitators are calling for a day of rage? All they know is depravity and bloodletting. The ideology that fuels them is like something out of the sixth century. They've lit a match and the flames are consuming them.
Why in the world are the southern communities of Israel unarmed? Why Israelis don’t have a second amendment? They need it more than anybody in the world!
Evacuating 2.1 million people??  HOW?  What legal right does ANYONE have to force that large a population to move?  Where do they go?
Is IDF recruiting foreign soldiers? I want to join but no news station mentioning anything regard this.
UN IS DICTATED TERMS BY ISRAEL ?NOT OTHERWISE...DISSOLVE UN IMMIDIATELY...SERVE NO PURPOSE.
There’s a report on IDF channel that Israel have rescued 250 kidnapped people in Gaza. Why is there no news about this?
what if Hamas evacuates south along with the civilians?!
What is this FAKE NEWS???? Propaganda at its best!!!!
I wonder where our "greatest ally" plans to send its enemies?
HOW COME YOU CALL PLASTIAN IS HAMMAS??? PUT EYES WIDE OPEN THESE ARE GENOCIDE CLEANSING KILLING MURDERING INNOCENT CITIZEN IN PLASTIAN.
No idea what they expected no matter who is right if you attack your going to get hit back !! Didn’t Hamas think about that or did they expect to attack Israel and it be ok?
Where is the freedom and democracy when USA recognise the annexation of Palestinian land by Israel many year ago  After forcibly evicting Palestinians from their land I do not support HAMAS  terror, but this is duplicity
Simple question ! who is the first living in the area of current Israel area ?. If it is Palestinian , then Israel people shall return all area to Palestinian! You cannot just invade the area and said it belong to you !  No one welcome strangers walk in their house and occupied it saying this house now belong to the invader
Why isn't there any video of Ukraine like this
Where was MOSSAD?
My question what is the country of Hamash ?
I'm not sure if the Palestinian civilians in Gaza can say no to Hamas without getting murdered.
Who knew that Hamas infrastructure includes UN schools, ambulances and healthcare facilities?
What u guys are asking is that every state should force its people to see everything trough their corrupt and morally bankrupt government's eyes or be punished... and you think you're the good ones 😂
Could Madrassas classes be training grounds for Global Radicalization?
How about 1949 where your Israelist went to every house and killed the male,  chase the women and children away and grabed their land, hoarded Palestinian  into Gaza and prevented then claiming the land making GAZA an open prison   Nobody made much protest then then
can we put us soldiers on the ground in the north and at the west bank and warn them not to enter?
When was the last time Hamas even cared for their own people?
what   kind of kabala    demand  is it?
Why don't you see any Muslim country willing to take them in during this time?
my heart bleeds for civilians on both sides....what did they do to deserve being killed lyk dat?
What help does Israel desire to confront there enemies? 🇬🇧
The main question is how this brazen confidence is coming from to HAMAS .  The Israel must keep guard itself against dirty weapons which may be in possession of HAMAS . Probably they r supplied by rouge nations like Iran , Pakistan or North Korea .
Evacuate to where?
Israel killed palestine people about 70 years..how do yo feel if your family all death and your country nothing left.if you not feel nothing you better check your brain in crazy hospital
Why not relocate all the Jews settlers to the USA they'll definitely be welcome and leave the PALESTINIAN alone.
Think ul find the hostages?
I havexa question how did the terrorist know the irin dome was down?
Why on earth do you allow a news bulletin as seriously as this to be interrupted by some inane commercial advert?
How? 1M in 24hrs?
Deleting comments much?
Where will the Gazans go?? Where?? It is an enclave, an open air concentration camps.
How in hell can anybody evacuate 1.1 million people in 24hrs?
Did Palestinians give any notice before bombarding and physically killing the Israeli people? I think Israel is very gentle., 24hrs is good enough given the circumstances.
Palestatenians has to evacuate in 24 hrs?...but to where??
Evacuate to where?
Where Gazans can go? They lose their livelihood, who is going to compensate them?
Are the peoples of Gaza just too ignorant to crawl the 5 miles and surrender to the UN safety zone?
and where are they supposed to go, to their summer homes ?
What did the UN say?
Evacuate to where, pray tell….😢
Israel is still being focused on specific targets? I expect them to just level all housing in Gaza so Palestinians won't have a place to live afterwards. Terrifying. The Palestinians are going to become refugees again. I hope they can keep the civilian casualties low.
Won’t Hamas evacuate with them? So their just moving into another territory? Hmmm maybe they won’t be able to take their weapons n missiles with them?
Palestinian around the world protesting and chanting Free the Palestinian, to whom they want to speak too, to Israel or HAMAS?
wonder why no one in israel blame russia no one mentioning russia wherein its clear russian is involve in this terrorism in israel through hamas
Why not ask Russia to house Gazan
Warning: Images are distressing. Are they real? https://youtu.be/tDtPVWbP2WM?si=m0ilHbpz01Lpf0gD
A million innocent civilians are supposed to move en masse to the South; to where?  They're penned in like cattle, not unlike Warsaw Ghetto v.2.0.  Israel should target Hamas for their craven terrorism, but butchering innocent civilians makes them no better in a moral or humanist sense.
Finding out there's no evidence of child beheading is a slight comfort. You go and kill their babies now? Is that ok? Because some of us are losing respect for you fast.
Why only northern part ? Why not entire Gaza strip for good.
what about the tunnels
Can someone explain why the Jewish people in the US who claim to care and love Israel also vote democrat?  What policies do they have that draws in the support of Jewish people at a 70%+ rate?
Why does the UN keep sticking up for these losers? Most Middle Eastern countries keep them away.
Or what next?. Creating WW3 then.
Now look at what hamas has caused, wherever one is , Is he happy? 😢
Why do the Hamas involve the ordinary upright Palestinians in their madness?  And why do these Palestinians allow themselves to be used?  If they want peace, to live peacefully in the land allotted to them, then why dont they do something? 🤔
Day of rage?! It's only Friday.
And.. where are these people supposed to go?
Asking the UN to actually do something? Nice touch.
really nicole? not just the baby-beheading lies, now inviting pundits that just expand on your lies? don't you get it?
