Does Octopath Traveler count as a 2D game?
what is the video game at 2:37?
What's the name of the game with the lil green dragon character at 19:16??
15:54 Why is no one talking about crunchyroll being on the Wii
5:33 they weren’t?
Why is it that anytime I watch Scott it comes with a Kevin Hart and Steph Curry Ad packed in
What's the game at 19:16?
Anyone know what those games are at 12:11 and 17:45? They look dope
what's the game at 10:17?
Game at the 48 second mark?
What game was shown after the ghosts and goblins footage
20:11 is that the detective android from detroit become human sitting on the train in the final fantasy 7 remake?
12:02. What game is that?
0:47 anyone know what this game is?
Is that the music from skyward swords Bazar playing in the background?
12:11 anybody know what the name of the game in the background footage is?
Anyone know the name of the game at 2:37? I used to play it all the time as a kid but I cannot, for the life of me, remember the title.
12:11 what is this game?
What about 5D chess with multiverse time travel
When did it fall?
why complain that 2ds games are more cheaper that means more people will buy it and its more affordable although i see you're points but don't give nintendo ideas
what is the name of the game at 0:47
4:18 what is the name of this game? i remember watching it on youtube AGES AGO and it seemed really interesting. anyone know the title?
8:57 what game is that?
What game is he playing on 0:47?
5:30 what about link’s crossbow training?
15:11 Why don't you have the red case?
8:57 what's the name of this game? I played it years back on the 360 but haven't seen it since
what game is at 18:04
What game is at 10:38 ?
hey scott, why don't you make a video on wrestling game ..... and i see wcw vs nwo revenge. 3:40
can you make the parts where you scream a little quieter? The volume is pretty equal throughout the video but everytime you unexpectedly scream its freaking me out tbh, so annoying x)
What's the game at 19:16 ?
I looked up Poltergeist of Borley Forest. There are multiple full rips of it here on YouTube...is it worth it?
20:42 what game is that
12:12 what game is this?
Does anyone know the game starting at 9:50?
What is that game at 8:27 It has been in my back of my mind for years XD
What game is this ? 19:17
8:57 what game is this
scott, my man, why did you just run past that star coin in New Super Mario Bros.
And now this debate is back already because Metroid Dread
18:12 what’s this game called it looks neat
why does this guy need to scream every single video? Has he not heard of a thing like headphone user?
I’m confused isn’t Metroid dread 60$?
What if the back to 2d didn't happen on the ds? It'd mean that the ds and 3ds would only have 3d
What's the game at 18.13?  Looks like shovel knight but clearly is not shovel knight. Great video as per Scott!
2:42 does anyone know what game this is?
1:52 have you ever heard of quake lol
What's the game at 19:16?
Yo anyone know the game at 10:39? Looks like Metal Slug maybe
What is the game at 19:16 called?
Does anyone know what Kirby game Scott was playing on the GBA was?
What's the shooter game @ 10:38 min?
I'll give you most of these, but while Metroid 2 sold more than Super Metroid, which one was better?
Does anyone know what game this is at 0:47 ??
What game is on at 18:07
What game is that at 2:38?
14:50 *twerking crewmate is that you?*
Can anyone tell me what the game at 8:16 is?
Scott, what if there was an episode where the border edges curved as it become pure from all the games you talk about that are successful or you like
Can somebody tell me what that game shown from 19:16 to 19:25 was? It kinda reminds me of Zelda 2, which I have a guilty pleasure of, and I wanna try it out.
1:52 Is this what happens when Mario gets Shadow the Hedgehog's edge?
whats that game at 9:45?
Is there such a thing as too many 2D games
what zelda track is playing at the end?
RPG Footage... in a Scott The Woz video... What Sorcery is this?!?
ONIMUSHA TACTICS?!  How did I not know about this?!🙀
PLEASE what is the song at 8:45 from… its been about 30 years since ive played some of these and its driving me CRAZY cuz I cant place it.  Please someone help!
Aaahh, scott... You wanna google what it truly means for something to be 4D.. VR games are more real-ler 3D but there is no 4 dimensional reality warping stuff in any upcoming tenchnology within our range
Right. Because I saw her on screen, I have to ask. How is Klanoa pronounced?  Kla-noah? Klone-a? klanooooooooooooow?
Why should the 2D titles cost more? The better answer is that the 3D titles should cost less
Is this fella related to Norm the gaming historian?
"Is this moonshine or porn?". A question I've never considered until now.
11:47 Wtf, why is this a trend? I've never seen this before...
Is it weird this is what I fall asleep to?
Scott, what're you mad that you don't have to spend more money for a good game?
9:52 What is the name of the game
If the controller shakes does that make it 4D?
can someone tell me what game was on screen at 6:02 please
Can anyone tell me what the game at 2:39 is called?
9:47 what the hell is this game's name Please tell me, I have vivid memories of it or something like it and I can't remember it's name
Can someone tell me the name of the game at 10:38 it looks pretty neat
19:16 Hey, I have seen that game before but I can't remember the name and Google has failed me, Can anyone help?
If someone could tell me what this game is I would be a very happy man. 9:51
12:13 what game is that?
anybody know what the game is at 18:12? It looks awesome
Why is super mario sunshine in the thumbnail if this is about 2d games?
10:38 What game is that?
19:17 that game he got footege from looked interesting what was it
it's puzz to woz
18:11 Yooooooo actually what game is this
minecraft: am i a joke to you
3D isnt ways an "upgrade" just ask anime fans
10:39 what’s the name of the game?
What was the game at 2:46?????
Metroid video when?
what’s that game at 11:30
what game is he showing at 11:12
Woah woah woah what’s going on with Scott’s hair?
Why does your PS1 have a tumor? Is this an NTSC thing? The PAL one is flat on the top, both models.
Nintendo switch accessory video?
Look up the graphics of Monkey Island 3 and 4 and tell med 3D graphics weren't a mistake.
What’s the game at 2:37? I’ve been looking FOREVER for that game.
8:08 WHAT GAME IS THIS OMG I PLAYED IT AS A KID ON THE 360 I CANT REMEMBER WHAT ITS CALLED
"What is this, moon-shine or porn?"
Not trying to hate but, anyone else feel like scott's scripts are starting to feel repetetive? (not the topic of each video, but rather what he says about that specific topic)
9:50 yo what is this game i think i had it on my blackberry tablet when i was 6 and i need to know
"What's half a Z?" Welcome to algebra
10:42 which game is that ?
Anybody knows the game at 9:52 ?
21:08 what is the game
Game at 0:46 please?
Are there 1 dimensional ga- [Content Deleted]
How do you capture such clean, clear shots of those Virtual Boy games?
Want crash bandicoot the first true 3D game?
1:02 but why is it red?! 😲
9:21    Why   Why did you show sonic 4      Why      Why
What’s the game at 0:31 ? I used to play it and now I want to look it up!
How in the- Metroid 2 outsold super???
There's always one joke in your videos that will make me immediately hit the like button after I hear it, and this video's joke was "Is this moonshine or porn?" Bravo.
What Mario game is that at 14:30? Looks really cool.
What’s the name of the game being shown at around the 6-minute mark (with the guy fighting the dragon)?
3:51  am i the only one who noticed that this is deku link outside clock town without the deku mask on a c button? implying that this footage comes from the glitch that lets you escape early.
Persona 4 video when?
Scott asks for games to be more expensive
Can someone tell me the game at 2:38? I played that so much as a kid and I have no idea what it is lol.
Can we please not complain that some games still launch at under 60$? I’m not sure my wallet can take it
Scott:  "What is this - moonshine or porn?"  XXX Jug:  "Yes."
What game is at 12:01?
So Scott what about the Kingdom Hearts series?!
can we just talk about how many times scott was held at gunpoint in this video?
Hey man what’s the game where you play as the man in fire that’s pissed
Can somebody please tell me the name of the game at 04:19. I remember it so vividly but can’t remember the name.
When is Donkey Kong Country Tropical Freeze getting it's own Video? I swear him mentioning the Game, by now is more of a Scott the Woz staple than Zip Lash taking a bath
Can someone please tel me what game that is at 8:27?? I know I’ve played it before but I can’t remember.
wait a minute its not sunday
9:06 what’s the game?
5:35 how does Heroes lack intergrity
How do u put out so much good content
What is the Kirby game at 14:04? Anyone? Thanks
What game is at 12:14?
10:39 What is this game? It looks interesting!
9:33 Guys, is this the first time Scott has ever laughed in character?
Can we please have videos of Scott playing Kirby's Return to Dream Land and Kirby Triple Deluxe and either explaining why he thinks they're more "generic" or realising that they are not generic
Does this video confirm who Scott's talking to, Dad?
I wonder how World of Warcraft would look like in 2D!
What is the game at 10:39?
Great video but where’s terraria? They put SO MUCH in a 2D game
Aren't those fancy gaming racing rigs 4D? I mean they can make your chair move, if you are willed to sell your liver and a kidney for one of those atleast...
What's the game shown at 0:47 ?
Does anyone know what game this is at 19:19?
Speaking of 3D and 2D games. On which side do you guys lean more on, when it come to rumored new Donkey Kong game? 2D or 3D? What would you prefer? I think 3D would be kinda cool again. I really liked 64.
what’s the game at 19:16 ? it looks super gud but I can’t find it haha
Donkey Kong vs Mario wasn't a 2d platformer for the GBA?
What's this got to do with the Wii U?
Is it just me or is Scott repeating himself every minute or so in this video?
Question: What was the  first propper 3d video game?
Nights or is it Knights was the first 3d game and was good
Did that Chrono Trigger footage mean you've finally started playing it?
WTF IS A TOOTIE GAME!?
18:27 Switch: am I a joke to you? Ps4: hey, slow and steady wins the race
Hmmm about the fluff and cutscenes… am I the only one who actually enjoys that? I kind of enjoy games as a cinematic experience IM A PART of, that’s why I love playing games like Pokémon, Genshin, Persona 4/5, kingdom hearts etc  and 2D games can also do these cool cutscenes, examples are Pokémon black and white and their sequels
8:04 Who’s that girl?
Hey scott can you make a video about limited run games?
Could someone please tell me the name of the game at 18:12?
when are we getting 1D games
Does anybody know what game Scott was showing around the 8:57 mark?
Scott I love u but whats the deal with the audio :( I either cant hear you or my ears are exploding on the same volume setting.
Could you cover The Rise And Fall And Rise Of Mega Man Games?
Can anyone tell me the game at 19:20? I've been trying to find it for a while now.
What game is this? 9:50
Is this the guy that owns sonic jam? I love this guy!
Smash Bros?
15:56 HOLY SHIT WHAT GAME IS THIS I HAD IT ON MY WII AND HAVE BEEN TRYING TO REMEMBER WHAT IT WAS CALLED FOR LITERAL YEARS
i wonder how long that mouse trap cut took to set up for 2 seconds.
Is it just me or does Scott repeat himself alot in this video
Is it bad that this is the first time I heard of warioworld?
@6:35 What Kirby game is that?? I remember it as a kid and want to play it again
11:00 Was that mouse trap? Board James + Scott the Woz collab coming soon?!?!
Is this the most guns ever in a Scott video? 17:15 Wow Scott, Nintendo? Making bad decisions for their customers? Unheard of!
What'is that shooter at 10:38?
Game at 2:36?
have you ever heard of this small franchise called pokemon ?
wait a minute I thought I paid $60 for Metroid Dread
Hey what’s wrong Donkey Kong King of Swing????
What’s the dinosaur game at 19:18?
What is the game at 18:13?
GTA was 2D? How?
what game is that in 10:40  and 10:43?
Why do you want your games to be more expensive?
What game is that @ 12:16
How did you not once mention Stardew Valley - Forrr shammeee
good ending question; Where DID everyone go?
Why is he playing with his ballz
Is it just me or is your audio always horribly unbalanced?
As a megaman fan, was megaman x7 so bad that scott use it as a example?? Wow im honored
is that why they call it the "Z" button on the n64?
Why is scott obsessed with guns
What hat is in the background?
How is Cuphead an Xbox exclusive?
Have yyou tried bloody zombie on psvr.. oh the potential.
someone plz help. whats the game at 8:26
Whats the game shown at 19:17 and 18:12 ?
What's the platformer at 8:57?
I wonder if Scott will do a video on Metroid next, with Dread coming out soon...
do cars games usually look really good cause they dont have to animate as much?
How is there a 1.8k xomments in like 21secs
The only game I really play is Tetris... Is that 3D?
What game is that at 2:39? I've been trying to find a game I had for my old PS1 where you play like a cop or fbi agent and it looks like the game. I'm hoping of I hear the title it'll help jog my memory. I think the end of the first mission includes a shootout in a Chinese restaurant too but I can't be sure.
Is it just me or does Scott allways look high
I wonder why when someone shows Hollow Knight most of the time its in King's Pass. Probably because they've already beat the game/ are in the very late game and they have to make another save file to get footage. I mean its a good thing because imagine getting spoiled about some of the stuff in the game. But the person you tell it to probably wont understand what your talking about. And for anyone out there just now playing Hollow Knight, try to get 112%.
Is it me or did Scott precure a new capture kit that retains 60 frames per second?
Anybody know what the game at 19:20 is called?
19:20 Does anyone know what this game is?
What’s the game at 8:26 I’ve been trying to remember for years
does anybody know the name of the game shown at 2:37? I've been trying to find this game for years
What is the game at @10:38
Wait Metroid dread is not 60 bones??
LMAO WHAT IS THAT FIFA 22 COVER I'M SUFFOCATING
This is a terrible video. Why is the title 2D when the video itself is 3D?
What's the game being shown at around 10:39?
Can someone pls tell me what dimension pixel ripped is in.
Where does Rimworld stand on this?
Anybody knows the name of this game? 19:16
5:10 "What is this?, moonshine or porn?"
Can someone please tell me the game title for the game @6:19
What's the game at 12:11? It looks fun
Scott, are you okay? You seem to have a floating gun near your head.
why is he wearing his hood like that
13:50 Scott! Why did you have to cut the footage off there?!?!
Would it be weird if I mailed a briefcase full of 3D Gameboy Advance games to Scott's home address?
Does anyone know what game that is at 2:37? Looks right up my janky alley.
What’s the game called that’s at 19:16 it looks really good
Why aren't 2D games priced the same as 3D you say? Thats easy... *Budget* 2D games are much much cheaper to develop than 3D games.
11:00  Who else remembers the struggle that was getting Mousetrap to actually work?
Scott why are you growing facial hair on your chin
I played RE 2 Remake and loved it. Was 3 no good?
I don't know what to comment, now that you've released your Sonic & Knuckles video.
Just sitting down for dinner, hmm wonder what to watch *new scott the woz video is up* Ooh! This just went from a meal to an experience.
0:47 what’s that game called?
Does anyone know what game that is at 10:38
But how do you press half an z
Wait it wasn't a week since the last video how is this possible
When will you do videos on the "Choose Your Adventure" Genre? I wanna hear you talk about Henry Stickmin!
Is it weird that I want Scott to play Spiderman 😭
19:16 What game is this?
Does Kirby Air Ride count as a 3D Kirby game on gamecube?
Scott watches Company Man?
What's the game at 10:39? That sprite work is purdy.
"Were did everyone go?" They're at home playing 2D Mario!
Can anyone tell me the 8 bit music playing during the middle video talking about xbox 360?
does anyone know what the game at 10:38 is? it looks sick
Which game is at 10:40 ?
Was I suppose to put on my 3D glasses to watch this video?
Scott has diarrhea ??
Is that the guy who owns Sonic Jam?
While I have no qualms with smaller games being 60$, I have issues when a smaller game is 60$ on Nintendo consoles specifically. I can expect a game to go down in price regularly on other platforms but on Nintendo's consoles are pretty much doomed to 60 unless the stars align and I happen to know about the sale. Like Metroid Dread being 60 isn't an issue, the issue is that it'll stay 60
Scott you ever heard of quake?
what was Zaxxon?
What is the game at 10:39
Day 108 of asking Scott The Woz to do the rhythm heaven games
Day 7 of asking scott to do the psp video
What’s this upload schedule lmao. Solid videos though.
Where is Gex, it started as a 2d game.
Meanwhile everyone knows Pokémon handheld games, but then... the f*ck is an XD?
Eyo where's the z axis I can't believe ppl these days smh
A lot of jabs at 3D Sonic lately, Scott are you hinting at something?
Why do I get the feeling that he started writing this episode because people were saying that Dread isn't worth $60?
10:38 what game is this? looks fun
what is the game at 0:47?
Where is my fellow 1D gamers 😎😎😎🤙🤙
Who else prefers the old top down pokemon games (gen 5 and before)
I think the real question is if any game at all is worth sixty dollars. If you need to price it at that point to make back your money then maybe your budgets have ballooned out of control.
Why is there NO MENTION of Megaman Legends!!
Can you cover sonic colors ultimate  on the nintendo switch
Where’s flingsmash in this video?
1:19 Why is Kirby Star Allies bigger than Shovel Knight and Ori? I assumed the latter were more popular?
What if Scott was in the next Board James?
19:40 don't know what the hell happened with the audio editing but Scott will probably delete the video to fix it
What is that game at 10:39? The graphics look beautiful and the gameplay looks awesome too
Not sure if this channel is a one man band or not. But if there is a person behind the curtain editing all this content.... Good job.   If it's Scott... Also good job.
I laughed way too hard at 'is this moonshine or porn'
18:43 Wait, what makes a game on the 3DS any different from a game on the Switch?
Am I the only person that didn’t know a fucking 3d platforming game featuring fucking wario was a real life thing. I’m shaking
but what about the L dimension?     y'know, cause I'm still waiting for Scott to talk about the L button
what is the game at 10:41
“What is this moonshine or p^^n?” Scott, 2021
Isn't this that guy who played 5 hours of persona 4 golden and liked it?
So Scott just uploads randomly now?
Man why is that guy threatening our boi Scott with Gex!
whats your favorite wikipedia article
why am I tearing up at a Scott the Woz video...
I still don't know if Scott likes games from the Wii U or not
Is it just me, or does it look like he's sitting more center to the camera rather than the right side of the camera?
What's the game at 10:37?
What's with the gun?!
Can you tell that Scott might not be hetero?
what is the game at 10:17?? i wanna play it it looks so cool
beard?!?!?!
if you're talking about 3d, where's quake
scott suddenly uploads?!     he's a legend fr
What happened to Sunday nights. I like the randomness, but I love a good schedule. Still love you Scott. 💙
“What is this? Moonshine or Porn?”— Scott The Woz
6 minutes in a 20 minute video and theres already 7 dislikes?
Why did he have to do it while I was studying
Scott when is the Persona 4 golden video coming
I almost wonder if 2D games will ever just become this really niche thing in the future that barely any big companies do anymore like what 2D animation has become in most parts of the world! Well, I hope not, but, I guess time will tell.
Yooo Scott The Woz?! Is that the guy who talks about the Wii U, Luigi, and Gex?
first?
Scott talks about dimensions. What is this? Geometry?
Stand in front of the mirror? Why not stand in front of the wall?
Do you have Sonic Plus on Xbox 360
SCOTT THE WOZ?!? I LOVE THAT GUY
