How does someone give an “honest” review of a game without mentioning a single issue in the game.  To afraid to not kiss insomniacs ass to even mention the crashes and various bugs it launched with.  This guy will get free gifts from insomniac left and right and pretend his review doesn’t have a narrative
I have A Question. When you complete the game, can you change the venom powers into black or will it be white only because of some events happening in the game? I really want to know because I would like to use in free roam when completing the game the black symbiote venom powers and not white
Can you still play Peter after the story? It seems like Peter is retired in the ending and I'm not sure it's still available to play as Peter
Did everyone that got a review copy of the game just decide to unite and simultaneously post spoilers? Youtubers, ign, gameinformer etc. All posting as many unavoidable spoilers as possible.
Is there better suit battle damage in this game, or is it the same as the last games??
When can I expect to get my collectors edition will I get it the 19th because you can play the deluxe edition on the 19th or will I get it the 20th
Am I the only one bothered by the Mysterio spoiler at the very end?!
I pre ordered the Digital Deluxe Edition. Can someone tell me the outfits you get for the Digital Deluxe Edition?
Do you know what’s coming out for marvel, Spider-Man and Miles Morales?
Is spidey datin a red headed man?
Yoo wtf was that a black panther spider suit??
Are you going to do a walkthrough of Marvels Spider-Man 2 when it comes out?
goddamn bro why so many spoilers in the footage?
Did I just see a black panther spider suit?
What has happened to Jameson's face?
Big question is that suit available early in the game and you definitely know which one I’m talking about
Can you free roam as just peter and miles with regular clothes?
My thing is how do you get the digital deluxe suits because I preorder the launch edition with the moonlight Spider-Man suits so it’s like buying the game twice or it’s a update plus love your Spidey content also do you have to send your memories from Spider-Man PS4 to the PS5 or there just in the game from the start
Can we turn into the symbiote suit anytime now
Question you said avoid spoilers when you spoiled some of the game not all just some I know about the spoiler warning but you saying avoid spoilers caught me off guard
Does this video have story spoilers I really wanna watch it without getting spoiled
Can you still use the symbiote powers after completing the story????
Can you switch between characters while you in a mission or crime
Is it just me or does anyone else notice that some of the suits for Miles look like Black Panther suits?
was that a Wakandan Spider suit I saw?
(didn't watch full video) no spoiler answers please but only question i need answered pre launch: are you limited to using the symbiote abilities for certain story chunks? is it just gone for the post game/ free roam?
Love the content Caboose, can't wait to play this game! Could you go into further detail about the swing assist? How does it feel? Is it more difficult? Can you actually fail? Does it feel like actual physics based swinging? This is the thing i'm most excited about for this game by far, i LOVE web swinging lol.
i pre oderd digital can I play today?
Sooooooo is venom playable ?
So after you beat the game you're stuck in that day time?
How does the swing assist work i couldnt help but notice you go into that in your review
Where can I find your dishonest review of the game?  🤔
Can you take the metal arms off??
WAIIT CABOOSE PERSONAL QUESTION, IS IT STILL TRUE THAT EVER SUIT HAS A SYMBIOTE VARIANT
Which is better? Arkham City, or Spiderman 2?
So uhm is venom playable?
can you replay the enemiies bases like in the previous games?
Can u switch up to symbiote suit tho?
new game plus?
Can we get a square button hit count on your playthrough?
Is nobody gonna talk about noir doing the cube trick
Bro wtf why would you put sandman in the thumb nail
with the different variations of the insomniac suits do the venom abilities change color? for instance a white symbiote with white symbiote tendrils ??
Can you still use the Symbio Powers after the story ?
Spoilers? Someone pls tell me if there is any spoilers.
Can you use the symbiote abillities after beating the main story?
@Caboose so does this mean your done covering Spiderman 2?
Will you be doing a play thorough series for the game like the last 2???
@caboose will people hoping to play as venom have something to be happy about?
Hey caboose do you know if you will get the game on a certain day if you preorder
The one suit I really wanted to see is if there was the original from the comics can you tell me if it is in there
Caboose, I wanna ask you one thing. Considering that I saw a spoiler clip of the game, will be able to keep the symbiote powers even when we beat the main story? And if not, would you predict or guess that they bring the symbiote powers as an option when the New Game + update rolls around?
caboose is there new game plus ?
Bro did any one else see the miles suit from the spider verse where he is wearing a cape
Can you still do stealth takedown on the ceiling and walls like in Miles game? That was one of my favorite things in Miles Morales.
There no gadgets or suit power?
Is the Spectacular Spiderman suit in it?
Wait so you are stuck with the time of day the story ends with?
Wait I think I just saw blood in the game at 2:31 correct me if I’m wrong
What was you reaction to venom killing kraven
Why did that scene with jona looked like that
THE NOIR SUIT????
wait is Black Cat gonna be in the game?
When you stop a crime does the other spidey just disappear cause that’s what it looked like in this video and I’m kinda worried now
How are the side content?
WAS THAT THE TASM 2 SUIT!!!!!!!!
really got to put the massive spoiler in the thumbnail? Knobhead
Have there been any fps drops or performance issues during the game?
So if you can’t change the time of day post game, how will the day/night cycle work?
i would have like more info on venom
Wait so we cant change the time of day?
Bruh how is there still no mission replay
So no dlc this time?
Was that the TASM 2 suit?????
@Caboose, do you know when the collectors edition starts shipping
Can you do a playthrough on livestream?
Caboose whats the take on the suit damage throughout the game does it happen depending on how long u have a certain suit on?
Does Miles Have A Black Panther Suit😮🤯
Is there free roam after the story to achieve 100% plat?
Hey Caboose, hope you can answer these two questions : is the social feed back? And can we still collect newspapers like in the first game?
How can I play it I saw a lot of persons that play it
The amazing spider man 2 suit? 2:31
DID I JUST SEE A BLACK PANTHER SPIDER-MAN SUIT???!!!
before I watch the video I need to know if there are spoilers (never mind he just said that the video is spoiler free)
am i the only one that just realised there is a black panther suit in the game
is thus a spoiler review or spoiler free?
I just have one question, Caboose. Is the social feed feature returning?
Are wall and ceiling takedown’s still a thing?
Just tell me they got the Bully dance please
Why is black cat the only good looking female character in game they did MJ know justice 😂😂
Wait is Sony hacked rn? I'm kinda scared to buy it from ps store
do you still have the symbiote after your done the story?
Not too thrilled to learn there's more MJ missions but being able to sprint is good and this also gives me hope for a tense mission where you need to hide from Pete as MJ because the symbiote affected his mood enough to make him hostile. If I get that then all MJ missions are forgiven. I wonder though...did they bring back NG+ locked abilities like in MM? I loved that that was something I could look forward to and made NG+ more worthwhile. Also wondering how fidelity performs compared to performance.
One question, you said the game doesn't let us change the time of the day after we beat the game so what's the default setting post story mode.. Afternoon, Evening or Night? i really hope its Afternoon
hey can you use the rage mode anywhere or just in battles?
Please I need to know if performance or fidelity is better
Is it me or the frames are going down a lot in this game ? Nevertheless I'm so ready for this game !!!!!
Y they butcher venom?
I’m actually extremely bumped out there still is no real night and day cycle 😢  And now you tell me that we cannot even change it manually like in the first game… 😑  Really Insomniac?
THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 2 SUIT?!!?? 2:33
please tell me you can switch in to the other spider man when they are stoping a crime with you for exaple your playing as peter and go to fight a crime you see miles there can you switch in to miles
Will symbiote be playble after story?
It’s not even on the list bro what are you talking about?
Hey caboose a little question is there a day night cycle because how are you supposed to play during the night
Is there any missable trophies?
Erhm... I am slightly worried. Some of these gameplay captures look really... Not good. In terms of graphics that is. That clip with JJJ looked like the TASM2 game 💀 Am I being crazy? Some of it looks really bad for a next gen game
Can anyone confirm whether or not each suit has a symbiote version or if its just certain suits for peter
Was there new game plus?
Does every Peter suit have a symbiote style? If not, huge L
Caboose does this game have fluid animations? Did you get goosebumps from how miles moved with all the exaggerated swagger of a black teen?
Is new game plus in the game?
Hey Caboose I have a question, can you walk run downwards
Spider Man remastered and Miles Morales hit 120hz with HDR 3480 X 2160(4k) and VRR… Please tell me it’s the same for Spider-Man 2
Is Venom Playable? Without spoiling?
Just answer 1 question non spoiling, can you use symbiote after completing main story?
But is venom playable at any point🙏
Damn why is sandman in the thumbnail. Smh
Is that a fucking black panther skin for miles? I can’t wait for this damn game
I wanna know if Spider Gwen shows up so bad
Is there new game plus though, Caboose? I always enjoyed replaying Spiderman and Spiderman: Miles Morales with all of the abilities and gadgets unlocked :D
I have one question I hope you can answer which is if mysterio is main quest or a side quest
You can’t change the weather or time of day and you also can’t replay missions ? I’m actually kinda mind blown why were these features neglected they were in the last game they better get patched in at a later date
I have one question caboose… can we do the dance? You know what I’m talking about
No final swing suit from NWH? I guess  it will come later
How many hours is the story because this sound amazing
Is there a time when Peter is not Struggling Financially. Lol
Can we free roam as peter or miles?
8:09 is that the miles morales first suit from into the Spider Verse?!
Any chance for DLC’s??
Are there villains they still haven’t shown yet? I want to be surprised and be like no way!
All I need to know is... is Screwball in the game?
Are the side quests and stuff as annoying as the crimes in the first? There were so many?
is there any spoilers in this video?
Hey guys, is it me or do I am the only one that thinks that this game is gonna be even longer than 17 hours?
Was I just casually shown a black panther x Spider-Man suit?
does have a post credit scene with green goblin? :)
quick question, have you seen lots of new finishers? i see that some of the finishers for Peter are the same so I’m just wondering
Is it true that you can swing and run on the wall at the same time? I feel like I remember seeing it confirmed somewhere
Did anyone else notice that miles has black web swinging up to sandman😮!?
Bro why you gotta show us that sandman is in the game so corny for that
Anyone else see the ASM2 suit when using the symbiote powers??
So wait. is there no way to change the time of day/ weather in game at all?
New game plus?
Can u switch to black suit like web of shadows
Is it just me or why does sandman look like caboose lol 😂
You're Canadian?
I was wondering if new game plus was in spider man 2 or us answering that considered a spoiler
2:31 is that tasm 2 suit?
Will you be releasing a gameplay walkthrough?
Can you play with the symbiote while free play?
I want to avoid all potential Spoilers so can yall just tell me: is it good or nah?
is there new game plus?
Is JJJ VA the same for Reinhardt?
Was i the only one who saw the vulture wings at the mj mission part😮
Can Peter Parker finally do stealth takedowns on the ceiling or off the wall like miles did in his previous game?
Is that the amzig Spiderman suit
black panther suit ???
Was that a black panther suit at 5:40 ?? Because if it was I know my main suit for this whole game
@Caboose is peter connecting his webbing tricks as miles did in spider-man miles morales? and does in SM 2? + i think J.J.J is a bit off looking
Is there new game plus tho?
Are the face animations worse? They look kinda janky
are these graphics looking a little off or is it just me? 🤔
Anyone know whether Peter’s mechanical arm are able to turn off/on? Or it is by default in the whole game?
Yo did he just surf on the water and take off again?? Holy shit that’s dope 😭
Guys jus one simple question here, is Hydroman in the game or not?
Hey Caboose! I was wondering if you are going to do a suit showcase or tier list for this game soon? Ofc after the 20th
Through all the trailers and gameplay and now this video, how much of the game has been seen?
DYUM were you playing on Performance Mode or 4k?
Is the Baxter building in the game?
I need to know if miles makes it out of this okay ??
I wonder if you be able to crawl or swig across the bottom of the bridge  like in tasm 2 for the ps2...I kno "Joe weve come a LONG way from thoes precious Playstation days" JW
Can u go more in depth with the swing assist and fall damage? I’ve not really seen anyone with early access reviews talk abt if 0 swing assist has good physic base swinging or how fall damage works with different heights and if u can splat into a building and whatnot
Why does it look similar to dyinglight2
Is there new game plus
Was that the Black Panther gold suit from the MCU???
Do we get the spiderman unlimited suit?
If you can’t change time of day what time are you forced to play in?
@Caboose as a person that has played the game can you confirm whether or not we will be able to use the symbiot suit after the end of the main story? also wanna add on to this and ask if the suit will be well a suit or will it be a button prese equipped suit like web of shadows
Can you use symbiote's power after you finish the storyline?
Plz answer..how hard is it gonna be to get ALL the suits? Because judging by the gameplay it looks like it will take FOREVER!
Can anyone tell if you can use the symbiote whenever you want? Even after clearing the story?
Wait huh how tf did you play it already
I wonder what is part of this Mount Rushmore of Superhero video Games
How is no-one talking about the miles Halloween costume suit from into the spiderverse
Can you play as venom I need to know 😂
does this game support 120fps like Miles?
Why did you spoil so many story beats & other big reveals?
I have a question. Which swing level assistance has the highest swinging speed. And how does swinging get challenging with level 0?
Does anyone have any info on how upgrading to the digital deluxe edition will work?
Can you just tell me if the final swing suit is in the game?
Somebody please tell me is there a symbiot switch mechanic in the game
But I've got to ask are there screwball missions??
is there a photo mode?
Is there new game+?
Amazing Spectacular Excelsior  Bro can you just tell me did they do something for Stan Lee.❤
Really Mj missions again?
So is it GOTY material or what? I don’t wanna watch the entire video for even minor spoilers. He gave it a 9 but is it really honest or biased. I saw other reviewers give it an 8 and 9.5. I don’t understand.
Does the game have battle damage to suits
Alright I just wanna know one thing was venom made or is he from space in this game?👀
Is the game code redeemable? I thought I would be able to pre load it but the code brings up an error message.
Does kraven have a syrum or mystical enchantment to give him super strengh?
Can you turn off the spider verse effect on those suits?
Please tell me I wasn’t the only one laughing my web of when JJJ was yelling at Spider-men
Unsure if this is a “spoiler” type of question to ask but it isn’t to me… is there a NG+??? I heard there might not be right out of the gate and I haven’t heard any mention of it since
Is there a black panther cameo??? Because that’s definitely a black panther suit you were wearing. Can’t freaking wait to play this game Thursday night
Can you turn off the wind visual effect on your hands etc? Nittiest of picks I know lol probs won’t be an issue at all when I’m playing can’t wait looks amazing. Just curious cause I thought it looked a bit goofy
I don't want to watch the video yet, but can anyone tell me if we can seamlessly transition into symbiote suit or do you have to manually equip it from the menu?
When does the walkthrough come out
How was John Paesano’s score for the game?
Wait are we still getting a series from you, ( I'm assuming you pre recorded) 🙏
For ppl that played the game did you think they did anything actually original
Hey guys/cabosse so around 7 min into the video, I noticed a little icon on Miles’ head when he was doing a crime, can you swap to different Spider-Men at the crime scene?   For Example: You do a crime as Peter, a little icon to press triangle appears on Miles’ head and you press it to swap to Miles.
5:40 ¿IS THAT A BLACK-SPIDER-PANTHER OUTFIT? I Think i found my default suit for the rest of the game.
is there NG+?
Caboose can you post Miles swing ing music from the game pls😅
I don't mind spoilers the thing i do want to know is can you visit aunt may house any time u like without just missions
Were the gameplay
Is it me or the game just feel graphically less?
Is that tasm 2 suit !!! 😭
can you please do a spoiler review i am a pc man which means i cant play this game yet so in the meantime i want to see spoilers until it comes to pc if it even will
5:46 black panther suit?
Off topic but do yall watch YouTube videos while on the toilet?
GAME OF THE YEAR?!
