Who else thinks that Henry and Sam look alike 🧐👀
is someone here from 2024?
Where is michael, dustin and lucas?
"And the extension" "The what?" 1:02
Where can we watch this part
wait it was all...fake?💀 i thought they where actually outside
Doing Enola Holmes 2 in our city Hull? Good luck
Why isnt anyone talking about millie and louis dancing at 0:33
1:05 The what?
Everyone forgeting lines: Um what?  Millie forgeting lines:Laughs cutely..  edit:Hi potterheads i am welcoming u to new hp characters....
is no one gonna talk about the fact that they filmed a whole scene and no one noticed millie's glasses until she did
Where do I find his
Why is no one taking about how cute it was the way Louis dipped Millie at 0:32
What is with mills and flossing?
Everybody talk about how beauty Louis is but is no one gonna talk about how stunning Henry cavil is
Just how many harry potter characters were here?
Wait did her or her stunt double do the karate
Whos here watching enola Holmes after watching Millie Bobby brown in stranger things?  it feels so wierd watching her as eleven then her as enola holmes! shes such a good actress
Did Millie and Louis do all their own “stunts”? Like when Millie did the fight scenes with her martial arts
Wait wait WAIT Helena? Or Bellatrix lestrange?  OH and Aunt petunia?? So this is what bellatrix does in the afterlife after getting killed by molly huh
Is it just me but why every time I see Helena I thin of Bellatrix ??!!!
I'm here for that "the what??" of Henry Cavill :))
why does she looks like 30 when she’s literally....... 16? 😳
Whats on her cheek in the thumbnail
IS THAT BELLATRIX!?
Floss in 2020 really?
Ok but why does being in a movie look so fun
How much make up did Enola's mother need to cover her death-eater tattoo?
Why isnt anyone talking about the fact that there were three Harry Potter characters
Did no one else lose their shit when Millie's hat flew off during the train scene?
Am I the only one who thinks Henry and Sam look a lot similar?
01:01 "...ehhhh the what?" xD
Am I the only one that thinks Mycroft (Sam Claffin) looks like Freddie Mercury ???
I wish I was a actor or even as good as a actor as her like i have so many questions
How is called the song at the beginning??
1:06 isnt that the  women playing ballatrrix in hp
Just me who’s like ‘why is the whole Harry Potter cast in this’ jk not the whole cast but like
Did Millie really do all those martial art scenes???
Is it just me or is enola’s mother’s actor, the actor of bella lestrange from harry potter? Idk if her name’s bella but she’s one of the lestranges
i clicked on this thinking it was on the trailer and i was like is she serious about doing that floss dance or what
I have not watched this show yet. Do they play the loud music all through the scenes?
Ok so like am I the only one who thinks that Mycroft Holmes looks like rami malek as Freddie Mercury?
WHY is nobody talking about how Louis dipped Millie @ 0:32
why have i only noticed Henry has a bum nose till now :/
Who else saw this before it got released <3
how come hollywood hire no-talent stick figures and whores who can't do shit while millie bobby brown is the ultimate definition of charisma?
Henry @ 0:22 is making me question my sexuality
why did she sound american in one part
@NetflixFilmClub, can you PLEASE adjust the volume of the 'thanks for watching' at the end, so it's the same level as the video?! It's so annoyingly LOUD! Happens on every video of yours!
Will anybody talk about how thr guy look😢
Who is "Enola" ? I Tho the holmes sister is "Eurus".
Anybody here from watching stranger things trailer ... oh just me ok ...
How can Millie do the floss dance from fortnight and I friggin can’t ahhhhhh 😂
Is it only me O R she totally looks like Natalie Portman!?
Ok but how is no one talking about how adorable Helena was with that baby aye
Please can we have a sequel where the Viscount and Enola are a married couple being cute but solving crimes at the same time?
Question How many times have u watch enola holmes?  Reply
Wut is superman doing here , can somebody explain ?
How did Superman/Geralt of Rivia, Finnick O'Dare, Bellatrix Lestrange, Eleven, and Piero de' Medici end up in one movie?     (I know they're actors, but still)
Who saw this early by playing the Enola Holmes detective game? 🙋🏼‍♀️
Is nobody talking about millie's american accent at 1:56
Gonna be honest i left my phone on autoplay in my pocket, Dunno how i got here or what this is
Please, some good Samaritan who wants to share his account with me?, I am a poorgirl😫 and I even have a credit card😭😭😭
0:33 WHY IS NOBODY TALKING ABT THIS
How is this suggested to me after I just watched it last night?!?
Wait did she actually do the flip thing
is this 50 shades of grey im new
Am I the only one who has a MASSIVE crush on Louis I-
so what is Enola Holmes about???
Why am I disappointed that it was just a green screen and they didn’t actually jump of a moving train in the countryside? Like I genuinely thought they did!
When are you going to release the gag reel for the Witcher?
how people shared it before you??
Did anybody realize the Scream sounded the same way when she acted in Stranger Things
0:34 Why does that dance fit so well with the music OMG xD
If you were going to publish, why did you hear about sending it to emails? 🤦‍♀️
How is no one talking about how Louis bumped his head in the window
why isnt anyone talkin about the fact that there were three harry potter characters bellatrix,aunt petunia and madam maxine
Am I the only one who always thought that dude is called MINECRAFT?!?!!!
How many people saw it in the fan meet first?✋🏻
who has seen this video from the zoom meeting? 🙋🏻‍♀️
Ok but how is no one talking about how adorable Helena was with that baby
Is that...Aunt Petunia @1:30???
Are we close to The Devil All The Time blooper reel? 👀
whats aunt petunia and belatrix are doing!!
1:30 is this henry’s laugh?
What's Harry Potter's aunt doing with Bellatrix Estranges daughter.
Who else is alive for Sam Claflin's dimples
