YOU BUILT THE BLOWER??  where is the video of building the blower?  i think you mounted a snow blower
What happenend to the ultimate snowblower fter the skid steer snow blower arrived?
did you folks put weight on the deck over top of the rear diff will cut down the bounce in the front
Hi Riley.  Is it possible that You could draw the hydraulics and make a partslist?
I mean it's not really a homemade snowblower is it? But good job repurposing it. And wow you must have a ton of money to buy all that equipment. Good for you, 99% of people can't afford to do that.
is there any way you can lock the differentials on the Army truck ??? that would really help to keep the truck from getting stuck as you can see once one wheel spins it stops pulling... I would think you could purchase the parts to do that it is an army truck after all ! but even if the parts are really expensive I think it would be worth every cent !!!!!!
It looks like it's leaving an awful lot of snow behind several inches I don't know if your float is dropping down low enough or not.
What camera are you using?
What make and model is that little camera? Please
Nice tig weld. That pattern 👌is this your first time installing hydraulic pump?
Just wondering if you forgot how important weight was for this sorta thing. Without a thousand or so pounds over the rear axial to counter balance the extra weight now on the front plus extra to help with actual ground contact , you end up stuck and riding a bucking bronco as the rear jumps up every time it gets some traction an then losses  it as the tires leave the ground.     Sorry I did forget to say that the project was really cool. And if you have some sort of bed adding logs, gravel, sand, stones, or tractor weights will help solver your bronco issues , any weight thats at least 4/3's the fronts current weight will give you grip on the ground and stop the bucking.
Might be a good idea to put the blower down all the way into the work position not scratch the surface and not leave more snow behind than you move, another good idea would be to fill the back of the truck with some ballast to balance it out and to give the rear some traction.
I see one possible issue. Did you take into consideration where the engine oil pickup pipe is in the engine that powers your blower?.  I would check that as in the up or work position the engine maybe starved of oil due to it not being level as it would have been when it was in the car you removed it from.
hmm  wonder how this older lady got this young man? ;)
How the heck do you get an army truck stuck ill never know .
I see the storage containers in the background. Did you build your own shelves to hold those or did you buy the shelves?
Great job - engineering and welds are impressive.   Question, not a criticism, a question:  Why didn't you just put a snow blower on that nice, tracked, skid steer that was parked in your yard?  Cab, heat, quick detach if you 'get stuck'.  Money?   Anyway, very nice work, including the photography.  Congratulations.
Can we...you know Hear it??
Wait why are you so calm? This made me miss how CC's used to say a thing just once, they talked calmly, measured and deliberately. Everybody else just goes AUUW AUWW OFOFFFFF AAAUWUW UHUH AAAH. Lots of screaming and hollering, while you're as calm as can be! You even edited down the volume when you got excited for it working! 😊 Subbed!
Did you put up no hunting signs on your property?
Just a radnom question: is there a video about your Internet installation or something like that?
OK awesome build that is really cool great welds😎👍👍👍 by the way👍 big question I have do you still have the dozer I know it’s the middle of the winter just feel I needed to ask haven’t seen it in any of the videos lately🤔🤔🤔
Where are y’all?  Traveling?
Weight on the rear to counterbalance the snowblower?
Are you going to wire your ignition through your multi-button unit?
what is the super small hand held camera brand and model ???
Wouldn’t a couple thousand pounds of ballast in the truck bed help things out a bit?  Congrats on the family news.
It looked like the blower was running backwards at 1:04.   Was that an optical illusion?
I was wondering why you used a spherical bearing/heim connection for the blower instead of something with more support?
I `ve never blown snow before but couldnt the big cat not have done the same thing?
Love the channel!! Im sure someone has asked this but if you were to do it all over again and could only have a skid steer or excavator what would you go with? I have 40 acres of raw land on a mountain and realize I need to go much bigger than a a chainsaw and a 4-wheeler ;).
Fancy shop with all sorts of fancy equipment but you don't have proper ventilation?
Too badcthe truck isn't AWD....  Next, you should mount the snowblower on the front of the Cat... or build another, bigger, MORE POWER Tim TaylorTool-Time blower for the Cat
What happened to the skidsteer and blower? You need to put double the weight of the blower on the back of the truck or you will be spiraling down the hills even with chains, that us very dangerous the way you have that set up.
Perhaps fabricate some sort of cover for the front of the blower, I see a lot of snow being flicked upwards obscuring your vision from the cab.
Is the blower spinning at the correct rpm?  Looks pretty fast.
Is your exhausts blowing right at your fuel / gas tank ?
Hey, would you add auto start to your blower. You'll be able to start it remotely
For a mod, how about adding wings to each side to give you more width?  Like they do on train rotary blowers?
Are you planning on covering the engine and electricals for the snow blower ? To weather proof it ?
Any one need faucet extender ,pls contact me
Riley is the Doc Brown of our time. Is the time machine next????
maybe more weight at the back of the truck, for better grip, and offset the weight at the front?
When blowing snow, you should have dropped the blower lower for a much better video effect. Loved it anyway 👍
Would a remote starter work on the blower motor..?
Would you be able the use that switch board to control the 2.2 ecotech? momentary for start, on/off for ignition? And use like a trailer electrical plug for your quick connect to the blower?
I’m from the UK but now live in Australia so never had to deal with the amount of snow you guys do, just curious what the benefits of using a blower are instead of a plough? Plough seems way more affective to me. My knowledge is based from YouTube though 😂
What cad software were you using?
does the tire inflation/deflation system not work on that truck.
Should have it turned to the right so snow doesn't mess up viewing out of windshield.
Could the truck use some weight in the bed? The tires look to have allot of snow around them. I wonder if you may be able to lower the blower a little more. I don't how your old road is.
Ice cream or dill pickles maybe…
I don't know how much you had in buying the car and other expenses, but did you ever consider just buying a fairly big tractor and just hooking up the snow thrower to the tractor 3 point hitch and PTO?  Then you would have a tractor in your equipment stable.
What about weight in the back to offset the imbalance from the front?
Did you get front and rear lockers on the truck with highway gears?
wait, wires for control?  Use an ESP32 to expose its own wifi network and control website, operate it from your phone 👍 😉
I think there may come a need for a radiator guard/debris filter for snow or ice build up and protection.  What do you think about a couple of heavy duty limiting straps to back up the ram at full extension.  Would an in cab deadman switch be possible for safety?  Some easy on/off tractor weights on the back may help with balance, traction, and steering. Can't wait to see you use it on a deep deep snow!
Can your plasma tool cut the square steel pipe instead of using the power saw?
Would mounting a set of mower zero turn wheels on the blower with something that will enable the wheels raise and lower the blower work? This will allow the truck to travel without putting stress on the front suspension and keep consistant traction on all four wheels. It should also allow the blower to float on its own.
What is the name of that little stabilizing camera?
Does the blower block the headlights, or don't you care if it does?
Should just put the car the motor came out of as ballast for now until you can get something more permanent.
The upper mount position @8:31: I realize that the cab needs to tilt, but the force on the ram would be much lower if the truck-side mount were higher and further forward, within the limits of how the mounting frame could be extended up and forward (and together in an A-fame) without cab interference.
Winching @6:07: I wondered why the truck was backed into the shop, making the work location right by the door in winter, but assumed that the idea was to be able to use the skid-steer to move the blower... apparently not.
12:43 - same as S-Pod?
Do you think a rear ballast in the bed would help with traction - Especially backing up??                                     (Edit) By the way... GREAT WELDS!!!
Question: From inside the cab it looks as if visibility is low because of the snow being blown from the chute at eye level. Could/would shortening the chute below the windshield level help with that or was it just my perception that was off?
What program are you designing your parts in? The CAD work I guess... and you should think about doing just a basic  how to weld video. Do you do calculations on the parts or have "rules of thumb" you go by when designing parts like how thick the metal bracket needs to be or how much metal needs to be around your pin hole for the mount as an example?
i saw you tube channel that he used a pvc pipe on the cutting edge to slow pick up of rocks im not sure how well it works he had d 2 foot of snow  ?
Call Dave Sparks and ask about snow cats with snow blowers attached!👍
How much would you charge for one of these for zombies?
Hi are you going to put anything I ng in the box for dead weight.
Can you see anything while driving that thing?
Food for thought, during the snowplow season you could make a concrete block to weight down, evenly distributed on the vehicles flatbed, to provide further traction; but to exceed the vehicles gross weight restrictions.
Hey sorry to bother you again but where did you get that control board at can you send me a link brother I appreciate you thank you
Hey Riley I got a question for you bro when are you going to put an exhaust system on that so you don't blow that exhaust towards that gas tank and try to catch it on fire brother let me know what you going to do cuz that's got me a little worried and I hate see anything happen to you guys thank you so much
First, a question about the engine. Are you going to crate a shroud to protect the mechanical parts when running and during down time. Second, will the weight of the front end require any counter balance on the rear end of the truck? I worry that it will cause rear end traction issue with so much resting weight sitting on the front even when pushing along the ground. Most large trucks that I have seen these one have a full load of sand or salt in the back.
So am I the oddball here: please do not answer.😂. I just want to know what group was singing that song, ‘little by little’. Now back to the program. 👍
dunno if it’s been said put some weight in the back to give extra grip to counter the blower on the frount
That hydro control unit has a big black knob on each end... do you know what they do?
Did you think about using a winch and cable instead of a hydraulic ram?  That way if the blower hit a bump it could jump up if needed. Or you could leave the cable a bit slack and it would follow the contour over a rise.
Did you consider a power pack (engine and hydraulic pump) in the truck bed. Then hydraulic hose to hydraulic motor on blower on front of truck.?
Have you considered electrifying that truck? I wouldn’t like to have all those fumes in my house and just think of how pleasant it would be to hear the birds while working. Half of your off-grid batteries, when charged and running at 2-3C would give almost 100 kW electric motor to compete with anything that smelly, noisy dinosaur from last century can do.
Get some weight into the back of the truck with that much weight hanging off the front.
Where can one learn more about the hydraulic components like these to do various functions? I'm familiar with manual and pilot style controls but little knowledge of electronic actuated controls, specifically the manifold
Lube up the chain and everything else in the blower?
Can you share a link for the 3 point repair parts please?
Hydraulic ram to engage the blower?
I love watching your ingenuity.     Just a question:  Is that hot exhaust system well secured above the gas tank?!?!?!?!?
After you get to town in the snow blower to get the ice cream, are you going to get pickles, too? That’s an old pregnancy joke. 😊
Can you invent a cnc back tickling machine?
Think about a back up mechanical stepper or something (cheepo bumper winch etc.) to at least pick the system up and pin-able,  in the case the hydraulics fail... pick it up and come back to the shop.  I paused and looking forward to the cab forward with the unit on.
Would it not have worked by adding small wheels on the front of the blower to 1. take the weight and 2. follow the road contour?
Are you going to add a ram on the chute deflector, so you can blow snow down, or to the side, instead of just up in the air  ?
What do y’all eat for dinner?
Does your lift cylinder valve have float capability?
Is the truck geared low enough to not have to ride the brake all the time while snow blowing? If you decide to add a salt spreader to the rear of the truck, be careful you don't kill all the trees on the downhill side of your road with the salt water! Once they die, it takes a long time to grow them back
I,m not real sure but I think you might be turning the blower a little to fast as the augers are throwing alot of snow out front, the RPM on the main shaft should be between 8 & 900 as it would be on a farm tractor , just a thought Murray
Why You don’t mount a engine preheater? It is so easy and You have no starting up problem with army truck.
Love the videos on the snow blower did youu think of the snow skid for it  like to keep the rocks out propeler out .
Great job. Now just need some weight in the back. I wonder where you could find a few rocks to put in the bed? lol.  Why not attach the blower like a regular plow where the ram pushes a lift arm and the blower is just attached with a chain to the arm? That way you don’t need a float function on the ram because being attached with a chain the chain will let it float up and down.
Does your welder draw power thru your solar system, or have an engine for powering it?
Riley you might consider building a guard over the chain drive that is in the bucket of the blower. If someone were to get close to it and get a piece of clothing or  something pulled into it as it goes thru the sprockets it may pull them into it and injure them.
Have you named this Frankenstein blower yet?   Truly impressed with your tenacity and engineering skills.   Congratulations.  Wishing you both another blessed week, gentle seasonally appropriate weather and restful evenings.   Peace
Excavator?  use the D8!
if it worked why did you get stuck?? it cant even get to the bottom off the snow, when tires leavs that big dents in after you blowed snow its shit.
Are you making a top to protect the engine and all the other accessories on the blower?
This is impressive. I just wonder how much this has cost.
"Ice-cream in the winter?" Dude she's pregnant don't be surprised when you have to go to town for pickles and Ice-cream or any other weird combos
giant track project coming soon? ohhhhhh i think so!!!
Consider a flow control valve (slowdown) for the “down” function of the blower so you can fine tune how slow/fast it drops (if you haven’t already).
Maybe some bucket loads of weight in the back for traction? Looks awesome!
I love watching you guys, you're truly inspirational and I can't wait til the baby comes! 😯😮😯 One question, where did Riley learn all of his fabricating skills, college?
it wouldn't be easier to use an electric actuator instead of building a whole hydraulic system??
Is it possible to add helper air bags on the front?
So much weight out in front of the truck.  An electric motor on the snowblower, instead of heavy gasoline engine?  Generator mounted on truck bed?  No need for V-belt clutch, etc. Possibly could move the blower closer to front of truck, lessening weight on two front tires?
do y0u add weight to the back of the truck when using the blower?
Maybe consider airbags on the front of the truck to compensate for the weight of the blower? Thanks for having fun & sharing 😊
I would still see if you can beef up the front suspension.
Did you use the power steering pump on the car engine for your hydraulic pump?
Though occurs why not use the excess heat from second engine to heat the m10s engine via block heater or cab, and the alternator do some other tasks letting the m10 engine be more efficient or other extremal devices? Just a thought?
Great video, so many questions! But since I cannot afford other channels in which you most likely covered let's go with this!... "Breath"...  Riley,Dang I forgot how good u where at welding.  Rock on! Courtney, ur the video editing queen, with spawn of 2x ginger... Riley I may have missed but you have a new fuel tank? Guessing the old poopy one just needed  modern refresh? Other then that so many things NOT covered in videos, but thankfully my smart , "Arse" brain can imagine......... I'm thing so fin in vids for less conganativly capably persons should follow ;). Good luck on NOT getting a " risk taking riley" for the wee one! Keep up fun content! Bob the dad out...
Un-freaking  believable.. A great accomplishment. Congrats!! Question.. Are there any concerns whether, over time, the stress of bouncing up and down the road will degrade the structure holding the plow in place? Looks real solid on the road but just wondering if that might be a concern?
Can we address the elephant in the room? The chrome tip on the exhaust doesn’t exactly scream north Idaho snow blower. Maybe it’s for that trip to town.
Maybe add a big metal counter weight to the back of the truck like a crane has could help with the with the weight on front issue and with the overall traction issue.
It needs down pressure it looks like float left 2-3 inches behind? Does the truck have front and rear diff locks.
Since you took out the engine of the Pontiac will it be the base for an off road go kart?
Have you thought about making some connections to have everything mounted in the cab.
What do you have for some cushion (compliance) to the truck chassis if the snow blower hits something. Impact loads can do a lot of damage to both the truck and the blower.
Super cool do you need to put some weight in the back end of the truck Do you have any skid plates on the snow thrower How about extra driving lights so you can see what’s going on when you’re blowing the snow otherwise very cool good job🎉
Are you going to replace that funky engine ignition switch with you cool little relay panel?
Been following awhile and I think someone is very intelligent and has the $$$ to back it up, which is a good thing. After all the projects are done and everything is set up, what is the end game? This is not a farm, and not a ranch so what do you do to keep occupied?
What happened to Riley's snout? Kitty cat smack?
How comes when is was blowing snow it wasn't at the bottom of ground level?
I'm only half way thru... but aside from whether the truck will handle the weight in the front, I keep coming back to a counterweight on the back.  I know it's four wheel or all wheel drive... but aren't you still going to need a counterweight over the back axle?
Did you not engineer in a little bit of float to the ram so when the terrain isn't level the blower can still be on the surface and float as the surfaces change In the late of the video the blower was leaving a bunch of snow and you may have got stuck ,hard to believe a V6 powered snow blower on a 4x4 3 ton would get stuck , good work now just fine tune it
How do you turn the darn thing around?😆😆
Great work guys! Do you think adding weight to the bed help out with travel?
Out of curiosity who do you folks use for welding supplies?  I am a driver for Linde delivering welding gases
Did you feed a kill switch into the cab to avoid a Jeremy Renner moment?
Riley, just a wild and crazy idea, maybe.. but would either galvanizing the snow-blower metal, or perhaps a teflon coating reduce/stop the rust?  I've seen the county trucks add extra weight in the bed to provide more traction, and one of them said it is important to have what is contacting the snow (on the snow-blower) to be the same temperature as outside to reduce wet snow from sticking to it.  Overall though, we're excited for you and love watching the channel.
How are you doing this all by yourself? This is crazy complicated stuff. All the motors, haydraulics, electronics, welding etc. Wow
Another great team effort . My question to you will you consider a 1 year recap on how your solar has worked ? I am considering a similar sized system as you constructed . I have way more trust in your analysis of it's performance vs so many of the so called , Let us help you everything is wonderful crowd . Thank you
Riley is a mad scientist. Is there anything he can't do?
YAY!!! I never doubted your mad genius skills Riley! I have ONE question for you. Will you need lights on it to see where you're playing (just in case)? If so WHERE would they be placed? Good job!
why didn't you have a hydraulic line, routed from the tipper to the front, with a switching valve, with which you can switch back and forth between the body and the snow blower, then you would have had a powerful hydraulic system, and also enough hydraulic oil
Do you have purchase information for the relay push buttons?
What's with the holes in the back of the cab? Are you installing a heater in there?
