What project would you like to see finished?
0:15 Botox?
This is freaking me out why is his hair black and eyes blue😂
wath happened to riley?
Why does he keep changing his appearance so drastically?😂
Is it me or does he look like Chris Evans half brother?
Is a stone which has the ability to change from a rock to lighten
Is that AG1 guy an ELF ? 😮
Did I miss something cuz when did hujackmens cousin start becoming the host?
Is this the real james or walmart james?
work from home robot or dodgeball robot or ark reactor
why does James look so uncanny here
Anyone else feel like Jlazer and Hacksmith are Peter Parker and Tony Stark in that order?
Did you also make spy’s (team fortress 2) disguise kit? You look a bit different
how much for a batman suit from the 2008 Dark Knight movie. with gadgets?
Are u guys talking about psyonic the prosthetics company?!
Is hacksmith inc based in the uk?
Ima just ask but did you guys try a baseball pitching machine for the dodgeball machine?
Hey im not judging but did anyone tell you that 1/3 of thoes were SUPER dangerous?😂😂😂 (joking obv) but like the triple jet engines with gas on you back!!!!! Like bro!!!😂😂😂
Does anyone know the type of engine that he used for the jet engine umbrella. Ive been looking for an engine of that exact stature/ model for quite some time for a project.
Ok where can i get the black widow gloves?
So what happened to homie when he picked up the tazer ? Did it punch his ticket ?
Y dont u collab with Jake laser? or Mark Rober?  Im crossing my fingers and hoping that one day you guys end up doing this colab
are u jhon wick??
Is it me or does hack smith look different I have not been watching so please tell me
0:52 april first? You sure thats real?
Wait is Riley ok?
Wait, tritium is real?
Just curious, is that guy the real hack smith?
Was u goin for tha wolverine look bc if u was its workin😂😂 nah jk but i fr love wht all r doin keep it up
Why James looks different everytime?
What if you install a real self healing system by heating em by the press of a button instead of using a torche?  Thermoelectricity?
Where is James that’s not him that’s the next project a plastic James replica
Have you guys ever considered making a battle bot? I feel like, with your engineering ingenuity, you could quite literally change the whole game
Just ask stuff made here for the doge ball
I really don't know why but he looks like Tony stark and Jhon wick merged together
for the black widow thing cant u just make it so it will only activate when u do an actual punch so its safe?
Not a criticism, but just a question that I think is really interesting. In all the years you guys have been engineering stuff, have you ever created anything now used with real-world applications? Although a lot of the things you guys have built, I think that creating something with practical uses would be something that will be around long after your show or yourselves.
why did you make Mary popins umbrella?
Who is that
Why is he continuing to hide his ginger
Guys is it possible to make water  bomb like from wakanda forever
What’s up with the deepfake on James face? 😂
@james What happened to you? You look completely differed and work off in all your recent videos.  Take care man!
Did he get plastic surgery?
I want to know how to get a job with you guys
Tritium isn't radioactive on its own though... Right? And isn't it in sea water?
Answering that age-old high school math question, when am I ever going to use THAT in the real world?
At 2:17 is that a Tesla Cyber Truck that lands on Inspector Gadget?
Did u get plastic surgery and dye ur hair?
Wouldn’t using the same material as a parachute for the umbrella be a lot safer
Is it only me or he is looking different
Botox?
You guys should continue project number 2 or 8
Bro why is he a deepfake
Did he dye his hair and beard
When did he turn into chucknorris
Why his face looks so weird ?
Theoretically, wouldn't the dodgeball robot be just reversed Mark Rober's moving dartboard?
Why can't I reply?
Is it just me or u look a bit different
But Why is Captain America making you tube videos. .  Lol
What happened to you. you look very different from your past video
Wait is homie dying his hair/beard now?
Why does he look like iron man, wolverine, and hawkeye all at the same time.
can't they use them rpm spinning ball launchers to shoot the dodgeballs, but use ai to detect when it should trigger and sent it in?
for the ferro fluid ask nile red he makes ferrofluid witch doesn't stick to glass
Arc reactor using Thorium?
What about odm gear
I wonder if a quad turbine hover bike could be possible?
Surely the dodgeball robot could use a standard ball launcher firing using wheels like they use for pracice for football, baseball etc rather than tyhe pnuematic cannon you seemed to be trying?
bro one question     which engeneering did u do?plz someone reply
when tf did he get plastic surgery
Is it just me or he looks like Captain America with the brains of Tony Stark?💀
Could you replace all your bones with metal? Would you get used to the weight?
Is this Kingsman toy?
Wait, someone died from the 40000 electric punch ? Or did he just got tased really hard ?
Use a baseball pitching machine as a reference for the dodge ball robot?
why does his face look a bit weird
Is it just me or something's weird going on
Why does he look so different now? Did he get plastic surgery or something?
He got Botox now?!
Is that Keanu reeves bro
is Riley alive?
Did the black widow thing guy die?
Who are Nate and Cali? They're not in KOR
Man looks wired. What happened?
Did you get plastic surgery?
They couldn’t figure out how to launch a dodgeball? 🥴
What about Tony Stark's helper robot? Slightly ties into the Doc Oc idea of helper arms but being a self contained mech you could call over that could help weld, cut, hold, etc whatever you needed in considerable excess of human abilities? Plus, tracks rather than mech legs.
what happended to james? this is not the real deal!
What the heck happened to him?
Do you think it is possible to build the suit from the invisible film?
Why I’m thinking this ain’t hacksmith???
Hacksmith I love your videos, but have you ever thought about helping the world?
Dude, I haven't seen your channel in a while, what happened to your face? You look quite different... Is this a deepfake?
Is that the hacksmith, his looking good but different...
Do anyone knw why James looks different at this video? 🤔
Did my man just dyed his beard and eyebrows too😅😅
Did he have plastic surgery?
why he look like this🤣
Not to be mean but am I the only one who thinks James looks different?
Before he looked like Logan (wolverine) now he looks like his brother... Don't know if that's good or not...but I like
Has James dyed his hair
Who the hell is that😂
why he look so diffrent?
Why dose He looks different?!🤔
Could you make a robot boxer like from real steel
Wait.... Who's this guy?
That is a deepfake of James? why not saying anything?
Does he look a bit off?
You could DEF make a propeller version of the flying umbrella, maybe give it 5-6 props in a circle on a stick?
What happenned to his face?????
Could you pls make a walking tripod?
Why not just attach a football thrower machine to the robot arm with camera a stuff...that should be fast enough....
Is it me or why does he look like a body double to me?
bro what happened to you?
I just came back after a while why is James Tony now?
Why not try a reinforced umbrella
do the dogde ball one, and then watch me still dodge everything, I don't get hit in dodge ball
Anyone notice, His face is little different? On the other note I hope super speedy recovery on your mental health!
What happened to his face?
Can you build a real life iron man mask with Jarvis and make it look like the same as what iron man sees
Am i the only one who noticed that James's face looks diferent?
Could you please make the Omnidroid from the Incredibles as a real rc? Thanks
Yo for a design idea maybe wardens glasses from siege possibly would be cool
why does he look so different?
is his face a deepfake?
Is this AI James? Looks off :P
2:17, the Cyber truck really makes you wonder 🤔
Is this deepfake?
Does that seem deepfake of have i gone mad?
Bro what's wrong with your face.  Bruhhhh.
its good that hes back but why does he look like thay
Okay but who is this black beard guy?
btw u guys have made cool plasma stuff...so what about "fazed plasma rifle" from the terminator future war, and make it cut through metal to terminate terminators!
Two questions 1: so are you ever gonna revisit the arc reactor? 2: I thought you did upload the winter soldier arm video? What was changed?
what happen to his face??
Anyone else prefer it when all vids were free and not hidden behind a pay wall called YouTube membership? 😑
Is this video deepfaked?
The projects are super awesome and all of you guys and gals are super awesome, BUT HOW ARE YOU DOING ? Not to long ago, you were having some mental health problems and that's nothing to take lightly. I hope you're doing better.
Did you guys try to make a wave motion gun or was I seeing things?
why he looks weird?
Is that a cyber truck that lands on inspector gadget
that is to say the blade, the flying hook of the armband and the dart system?? because if making fictional artifacts into reality that in my opinion is a good challenge since I have confidence in you
do you think you can do the hidden blade of the game assassin's creed syndicate???
Wtf happened to his hair
who?are?you?
Plastic surgery or Botox or what?
Why your face change
How'd they get wolverine to host??
A cancelled dococ project? An upcoming collab with a bionics company? I think we all want to see a 4 handed backpack.
What hell happened to his face😰😱
Why does he look like a boot leg Nicolas cage Edit: why did you dye your hair and were your eyes always blue?
So everything at your store is just branded stuff from AliExpress?
Day1:Can you make the predator's gaunglet?(it makes you invisible
Did you use keeps, cuz god damn your hair is thicker than I remember
What happened to his face???
Man, are U making a wolverine cosplay? Jeez u don't know, how glad I am to still see your face here after all this stuff. Take care and thanks for being here for us!
Since when did John Wick run Hacksmith industries?
Who is this maan:)))
Who wants to see this man making daredevil weapon?
What has happened to James? He's starting to look like Superman villain
Is this actually James? He looks and sounds slightly different. Maybe it's just his improvement and short absence from my life.
Can you make shadows hover shoes?
Guys why dont you make a series where ypu show your inventions in public and get their reactions🤔🤔🤔
9:47 i have a question. Would u not be able to use  high speed rotating belts like the ones used for launching footballs
Was that the hacksmith  he look so different hope he is recovering fast
is that james he kinda looks off
I stopped watching for 3 months and you got plastic surgery????
Plastic surgery? 🤨
When are we going to see a double sided lightsaber?
Why does his beard look black
Why does this look like an actor replaced hacksmith? Lol
Why does he kind of look like the Abraham Lincoln animatronic at Disney world
Why does this guy always look different?
Why does it turn into Spanish?
Was this done with AI?
Can you guys make a rick and morty laser blaster for no reason at all
9:40 I recognize that FRC architecture...  What team are they from?
How did I miss the go go gadget hat…
How did he go from Thor to iron man?
how is this man so majestic
This may be sound super weird, but why do you look like Keanu Reeves?😂 More like a fusion of Keanu Reeves, and somebody else that is super weird
No offense or anything but why does he look like that, did he dye his beard?
Is that wolverine?
what happened to his hair and skin color, it looks like hes from middle east
what about the spider man web project?
Did you try two opposite magnets in the vessel to suspend venom?
Is that you still or did you just put dye in your hair. Kinda threw me off.
Wpw is it even the same person
10 grand in jet engines attached to the end of a long pole??? Thats more a weapon than anything XD
Something is weird about hacksmith. He doesn't look like he normally does making me wonder if. This is aI generated video
What happen to your face dude. Is it a mask.....😮
Is it me, or does James look a bit different Like his whole face
Maybe I’m stupid or I’m just not caught up, but does he look different???? Idk if it’s his hair color or what, but he looks so different.
Plastic surgery???
What happened to your face
intro man, who tf are you?
why does he look so different?
OMG what happened to him?  he looks sooo old :(  [I hope they didn't addict him to psych meds they can permanently damage the brain chemistry.]
How are you coping with your mental health issues? I hope you're doing well.
Any ideas when the mini saber will be off back order?
am i the only on that thinks he looks AI generated on the video at the beginning??
How about making second version of the mini-saber? One you can mix and parts for your own price. Proper metal frame with plastic handles i can make from what ever material i choose later on would be nice. 45€ plus shipping and import taxes is bit high for essentially larger size bbq lighter made from plastic. Also couple butane tank sizes would be nice option depending on use. 5min flame time aint much if you go backpacking.
Show us the cloning machine 😂
i hope not to be rude, but what happened to your face?? i think its the beard? or the mouth? but not sure since i haven't been able to watch the vids
What the hell happened to his face😳
Wouldn't the suit work in space if they used Ion thruster?
Why does...James not look right? Something about his face doesn't look correct, I cant put my finger on it thought
Is the presenter "James"?
What's happened to him? He looks so different than few years ago?
Is it just me or anyone have notice something different in his face?
Is that his brother or actually him with dye?
Bro what is your education how you learn This  stuff
Woah, these are all sick!!! Also quick question, if I wanted to make cool stuff like this, what kind of engineering should I try to learn? Please and thank you!
Are we not gonna talk about how Hacksmith's face looks different!?!? I can't point out what changed but something definitely did.
Is the retractabit ratcheting?
What happened to James' face? Why does he look different? Or is it just me? Or I'm missing something? Haven't watched any videos recently. Maybe something went something.
Is John, I mean James, really thinking of coming back?
What happened to Jame's face.
what happend to your facial hair, did it change colors? (i havent watched your channel for a couple of years when you were called the hacksmith, so i dont know what happened)
How do you get a membership
Why is Keanu Reeves hosting Hacksmith and why does he sounds like James?
is it just me or or hack smith looks very differnte like it is a diff men
Is it just me or does James look so different but it’s a good different
If you, haven't already, could you show the finished winter soldier suit plus arm?
What happened to mr beast video? Also why do you look like tony stark
Has he done a plastic surgery.. i mean what happened to his face
Can you rework the electric gauntlets to electro knuckles
Electric skateboard Testing ?
Why does James look different- he looks like he looks he got the biggest glow-up of the century
What happened to ur face???
Is James's face being deep faked?
Why does James look so different?
What if ypu used fero fluid as a way to manipulate other stuff instead of using it as a source or operating
The dodge ball machine needs some adjustments on the rotors it should look like an inside barrel of a pistol for a aerodynamic throw like how they throw those footballs it should be spinning
Who is that? Doesn't look like Hacksmith to me?!😥
Bro not trying to be mean but why he looks like that
Anyone else think he kinda looks like Tony Stark now?
James what 😢 happend to your face
Why he look so different
Why your face look different....
Does anyone else notice that James looks different
He looks different Is that a deepfake of James?
0:20 wolverine intern??
Wait what happened to your face and your eyes ? They were brown right?
What happened to his face
Is it just me or James looks a bit different??
Is it just me or does James look a little different?
so uhhhhhhh where's Riley now...
I really want to see if you can make nanotechnology.
Do the winter soldier arm
Does anyone else notice that he dyed his hair black
How is Riley doing?
what is this company making bionic limbs and how do I apply for an internship?
what happened to the dude who picked up the tazer wrong?
Bro why his face look different
Is it possible to make a voice changer that’s handheld but utilizes ai voices/deepfakes?
Woah does his face look different? Or is it just the beard
Can someone explain to me why his face developed to a giga chad face?
who da heck is that?
Is James a deepfake in this video?
I wonder if an AGNI/Lynch high power DC axial flux motor would be suitable for your Inspector Gadget portable helicopter? You can push them to approximately 50hp and 5000rpm, large pancake style that weighs about 25 lbs.  It might be outdated by now...
Is that James!? It looks like a clone!!
Is that the hacksmith or Keanu Reeves
When did his hair turn black?
I wonder if it's possible to shoot an electric projectile from your wrist.
Am I the only one who thought that james looks like a completely different person in this video
What happened to your face  I don’t mean this in a bad way but it looks way different
Bro what is this video, he looks like a deepfake and the style is so outdated
For the dodge ball machine, y'all didn't try just upscaling a nerf rival blaster with a hooper-flywheel system?
James how the hell do you look more like a comic accurate tony stark than rdj , holy shit thats cool
Did he get plastic surgery?
Is it just me or did James get Plastic Surgery? 🤔
Is there a hair dye your recomend?
you look different hmmm
Who had the BSA uniform in the radioactive dump?
is this your normal hair color or did you dye it? if not i kinda thought you were a different person   kinda miss the longish beard   but if you wear a long wig ya could totally rock a john wick   hope we see the winter soldier project tho   would be awesome if ya maybe put some hydraulics for added force   and maybe some more back support so users could have more strength
Is it me or does he look like jhon wick with out the long hair.
Do the dock ock arms or the ball lancher
When did you grow up? Beard up? Hmm...
Why don't you guys try wireless charging pad to charge all devices at once like apple planned  but couldn't execute
Is that him??? Looks like a look alike or cgi
Is it only me that thinks his generated by ai ? 😂
Is this him?
Could you guys make actua working odm gear
I'm very curious to know what the most dangerous project that DID get made would be.
The hack smith looks different does he have a double up taking his place because of the recent events?
what happened to james' face
It’s good to see James back, but is he the real James?
keanu? is that you?
who in the pajamas is that weird black haird guy?????? 0:21
What is going on here .? That isn't The Hacksmith .... Looks like some dodgy lookalike...or your using AI....?
Is it me or in this vid dose James look different maby I just the dyed hair that's throwing me
Did they deepfake their own video? Something feels off...
How are you holding up man? One of these days i would love to be able to check out the lab one day if you ever do tours. I would also love to maybe get your opinion and help me with some projects i have in mind if you dont mind that is.
James, is that you? What happened to your hair?
why would you need a dodgeball robot when you have wrenches? if you can dodge a wrench! YOU CAN DODGE A BALL!
Great to see James doing better but is it just me, or does he look different, I can’t put my finger on it
the cod black ops zombies galvaknuckles?
Why is he starting to look like Nicholas Cage
Does he look... different to anyone else?
Why ur face look so odd ?
Did James dye his hair? Seems darker than I remember.
Did you calculate how much Energy the Arc Reactor would provide? Would it be usable other projekts? I really like your Videos.
is it me or does the hacksmith look different
Is that deepfake?
What if you combine the Inspector Gadget helicopter with the umbrella idea to create an autorotating helicopter that will bring you gently to the ground after jumping off the roof. No motors, fewer points of failure - what could possibly go wrong?
WHY HAVE THESE GUYS NOT COLLABED WITH MARK ROBER YET
I just broke my hand in nearly the same way. I was wondering where else I saw someone with the same break!! Mine was from me pitching and I got hit by a line drive back at me on my throwing hand at 100 mph exit velocity. I also now have titanium in my hand in the same left 5th metacarpal!
Is this hacksmith made by AI?
Is that james, or an "AI Mask"? sorry if that is somehow rude
Do u get surgery ur face looks different. I might be trippin it could be ur beard looks good tho
members only video ? lol
Did he get plastic surgery 😢😢😢
Why does he have black beard and hair? When did that happen?
Who is the guy in the start of the video? Why the hell does he look and sound identical to the actual hacksmith guy?
why does e look different, i feel like its ai overlayed on an actor, his hair isnt black
Great to see James back on the channel. Is it just me or is his beard and hair looking extra dark🤨🧐
Is It Just Me Or Does James Look Like His Face Is Deep Faked?
Why are you deep-faked though?
yo james be lookin kinda different or is that just me
When did hugh jackman join the team?
idk why but you look different
woah what the fuck happen to james?!
Why do you look so different?
Shouldn't the product promotion be teased at the front of the video in a 5 second section, then "watch till the end to find out more" ???? And damn you guys need a podcast to promote hype that stuff up, like linus WAN show.
Not sure if James dyed his hair or it was dyed before and natural now.
Why you guys gotta weaponise everything? How about inventing a love machine or something that's not built to kill, mame or escape accountabilty? 🤣🤣🤣
Is this Mandela Catalogue Hacksmith?
Could you guys try to make a Transformer?
Man why does he look different
what was the rocket attached to the 2 by 4 from a year and a half ago
sooo uhh why is he rendered and not the real person
Where is james
BRO WHY WOULD YOU THINK TRITIUM IS A GOOD IDEA!?
I can't quite figure out if you dyed your hair and got a spray tan or if you are like using a filter or something.
what in the deepfake is this???
It is fust me or does he look like the old Wolverine. He looks so cool this sideburs damm🔥🔥🔥
There’s sth fishy going on. Is this a deepfake video of James? 🤔
please tell me that joke was what a b slap
Is it just me or does he look like he was animated?
So did the dude who picked up the tazer thing die?
Why he looks different?
did James dye his hair?
What have you done to your face? You look like you're about to go through a simon cowel plastic surgery period. Mid likfe crisis? oof
Is that an AI James?
Bro look different ( in a good way). What's new abt him?
what happened to your face is it AI ?
0:21   is anyone else getting early Tony Stark Vibes with the bew look?😊 maybe crozzed with wolverine
Hugh Jackman?
James, you look so different now. What happend?
New haircut?
Did he get a face lift or something he looks like a totally different dude
Why does he look off it isn’t his hair his face doesn’t look the same
What happened to your face
Wait, did his hair went from brown to black or am I tripping ?
did he do plastic surgery?
Did you guys ever do anything with Mark Rober? You both would make some cool stuff
James what happen to your face it looks different from earlier more like you use Barbie effects.
James what happen to your face it looks different from earlier more like you use Barbie effects.
is that really james? something is off
Yo is he the same guy , like wait is it just me but he looks completely different z what TF is this the same guy, maybe I'm seeing him after 3 yrs he looks like a complete diff person and way more hotter
Is James' clone, John a good enough replacement for the Hacksmith???  (this is a joke, it's literally just hair dye for next week's video, nothing else)
james face is very different???
Is it me, or does this man look like iron man more each day.
who was that?
is it just me or anyone else think his face has changed (kinda feels like ai eddited.
Why do you look like that?????
Who are you?
If you want to fly how about wings that deploy in the air when parachuting. It's far safer as you can eject the wings and use the parachute if there is a problem. The wings can be inflated and go above a beyond a normal suit by being far larger to create more lift. You could even incorporate an engine to provide thrust and lift.
Did he dye his hair? Looks epic!
what the fuck happened to the hackmith???
Is it just me but does James looks very different
who is this dude? hacksmith parallel uniserve double?
I'm happy to see James back at it, but what happened to his hair
Is he James ?
Why does James look odd. Not trying to be a dick literally asking a question
Printer ink in the beard hey?
he looks so different did he dye his beard
Wait he looks a lil different...
is that you james?
why is there 16k likes but only has 1.4k views do they bot like?
You want to fly like a real hero? What is about flying like Hiccup?
Ai based character?
I mean, that is not James, is it? He looks ... very different
Is it just me, or does the video of James look Ai generated?
Is he the same guy ,he  looks completely different, and even sounds different
Can somebody tell me why it has only 900  in 2 hours???
did he... get plastic surgery ? why don't I recognize him ?
Who's this guy 😂
I know its sounds weird but im pretty sure this isn't james, im mean its his voice but not his face... What's going on?
YouTubem why are you so broken? You say there are 459 views, 1 010 comments , and 15 134 likes.
Why is your hair colour changed ?
459 views 2 hours later? some youtube glitch
was he the original captain america i forgot!
Wait sense when has James been back bro we missed you
Plastic surgery, really?
Why does James look a like brother of Keanu Reeves?
Is it just me or does James look much healthier? Glad to see you back!
Did he dye his hair black?
wait how do you look so diffrent in this? like when did your hair turn black 😭
Did a Tesla minivan land on Inspector Gadget?
I'm extremely interested in getting a pen and notebook as well as the handy man pocket book, what!!!!!
what happened to your face
Great to have james back .. But why does he look different though?
Why the video has only 436 views but more than 10k likes and 600+ comments?
Id love to see more videos of the cybertruck, maybe make it street legal, or take it to the golf course?
Are you guys doing something related to John Wick cause james coloured his hair and beard black and shaped it like John Wick
Why are views fixes at 435??
Maybe it is an ai voice and a doppelgänger
Is it just me or does James look like Keenu Reeves? His beard  was giving me John Wick vibes.
Why is looking weird
The rocket umbrella seems more like you want to fly around like Mary Poppins. If you simply wanted to jump off a roof and use an umbrella like a parachute wouldn't it be simpler to make a umbrella big enough made out of light weight materials, but strong enough not break under the weight of an average adult? In order for Doctors Octavius mechanical tentacles to be more achievable you more than likely would need to build an exoskeleton suit to support the weight of the mechanical arms. Might make more sense to build Mac Gargan's scorpion suite then four robotic tentacles. Or a walking tank exoskeleton suit like Aleksei Sytsevich The Rhino character.
What about the exo skeleton?
What happened to his face man 🙁🙁
Why does my man look like that A.i face from tic tok 😂
Who are you
Im just curious because its been a while since watching hacksmith what happened with him? He looks alot different
How come its showing 400 views
Who are you and where is James ?
428 views 766 comments and 11k likes how?
Why does James look so different?
what about cyclops goggles
What about the new toroidal edf fans? For flight?
Bru🥴Is that Hacksmith from wish?
Am I the only one who thinks James looks more like Hugh Jackman than himself in this video? I can't tell what looks off but at one point I thought James was AI generated lol
What happened to ur face?????????????????????????
Uhhhh, WHO IS THAT!?
Why does he look so submissive
That's not James! That black hair and goatee!?!That's Emo-king James! He looks good
Is is that him or something else
What about thorium for the reactor?
i’m so confused what happened to james. that doesn’t even look like him... did he have plastic surgery? is that an AI filter?
who is this and where is james
Who is that handsome man lol
Why is the views so low
Is it just me or does he look a bit different today
what happend to your face it has changed
what happened to his face
Is that a deepfaked James?
How the heck does this only have 424 views 1 hour in
why does your face seem deepfaked
Why is he looking different ????? 🤔🤔🤔
Bro why views are so low?
Who is that guy? Is it some kind of James clone? Result of project 12? And my vote for number 2.
why he's looking different....
Was that AI?
Why did the sponsor backing out last minute stop you from releasing the video of the junk robot? I though you could cut out any mention of them from the video before posting. Oh and what about the time and money? Were you already paid or did they screw you over last minute leaving you hanging?
John smith...?
Being engineering corporation, Do you guys fill Technical goal papers? No idea how you call this documentation in English, but I mean the paper you use to describe how things are made, with what technology, etc.  Like, how do you even do that for your projects?
Why does he look different now
So who was he🤔
quick question. are you guys working on another plasma saber?
why his face seems so changed?
Hey hacksmith I wonder it u could make the most realistic Batmobile I've been a long time fan of the Batman builds and would love tho see one if that's ok
Did James dye his hair black? Also JLaser has already made doc ock arms.
James looks so good my Uncanny valley instincts are going wild..are you animated or something?
Something off with the face it doesn't seem right, on ltt or Linus tech tips when Linus wanted to stop going on his channel and let someone else do it he talked about Ai that can change people's faces to anyone and let them carry on the show without the main person, I can see it now but if I am wrong please let me know
Does James look a little different?
What about a new exo suit?  I bet with the new battery tech you could make a pretty cool one.  Maybe even work on one that is a 40v or 60v DC system that could be powered by popular power tool batteries?  Glad to see some new content from the team!
Whos this guy?
Why does he look so weird…?? Didnt he have brown hair
Is he doing a John wick project? Cause my goodness he looks like him rn
Why is there so much less view
Why does hack Smith looks so different?
Is this channel dyeing??
why dosent the duaghter get  ag1 so she dosnt bring back le germs
Do you guys think it would be possible to make a real life vibro blade? Like an actual sword like in MGR because that would be really cool!
0:48 this has gotta be a deepfake problem something…?
Is it just me or is the view count of this video really stuck at 418?
What happened to his face 😕,,  he looked like a clone of himself
What's up with the deepfake/AI face filter?
why does he look so different? like a knock-off Keanu reeves
Is black hair just the makeover for the vid? Or is it new go to?
Did they freaking deepfake the hacksmith?
Did you get plastic surgery?
whats with that look
Wow These re askg
What's with your face man???
Did James always look like this??  I can swear he looks different...
Why are the views stuck at 418
uhhhh who are you?
Did James dye his hair?
Is it me or his face looks very different  👇
Could you make a expandable watch gauntlet like iron man’s in civil war
AI FACE ?!!!
What happend to Rylee afterwards?
u look a bit strange in this vid like u guys using eye tracking ai or smth...am i the only one who feel like that?
yoo sick! I'd love to see Doc Ock Arms...like how it's placed in no. 8 🐙also what's with james' new look? 🤔
Is it just me or does this guy look good in every costume
Your hair color and beard... New IronMan video soon?
Why are you looking similar to Tony Stark
wtf is wrong with his face I think thats AI generated shit man
Is this Reuploded
Did he dye his hair and beard
who?
What project would you like to see finished?
