Why does the bottom of the boat look like it has been sitting in salt water for 20 years ?
When does do the hull bottoms get painted with anti-fouling paint?
How do you keep the salt out of all that electronic?
Whered you get your money from?
Super fun project. Would love to know how moving away from Victron MPPTs will increase efficiency. I’m installing Victron in my van.
Question.  If you neeed to get into or behind a panel with a "whisper wall," is there a easy was to get in and put the wall back?
Just a curiousity ... ah heh, but what have you noticed as far as the chem trails out on the ocean, are they present out there or mainly by the continents?
Love the video - question if I may; I was looking where they were fitting the Whisper wall, is there any further insulation going in between the frame to reduce heat loss/gain?
I love the color! Does anybody know what the color is?
Are you going to have one or two electric bikes?
Two electric scooters like a segway one with dirt tires maybe?  but that go cycle looked like it folded easier than the other one maybe you could get dirt tires for it...
Does she has OF yet?? 😅
If it is the first time in the water, why is the white hull stained and dirty?
Hey guys,  what brand lithium batteries are in your boat.
When are you two going to have babies??
Why is the bottom paint so sketchy?
The boat is looking awesome. What kind of trees were behind you at the end of the video ? Do you know?
Have you looked at this electric bike? I have it on my boat.  Ecotric Electric 20" x 4.0 Fat Tire Folding Bicycle 51lbs with battery Folded: 	◦	38.58 x 24.4 x 33.46 inches
Why the hell did they put it in the water before the bottom of the hull is finished. Now they're putting on the mast without the bottom finished...wtf?
THAT is your new boat? Do we have the plan correct? And you're worried about the bike. Really? That tiny boat - hybrid or not - that is the worry. Honestly: this whole change (not upgrade) is shocking.
I’m curious about cleaning the whisper walls and overheads.  With the humidity in the tropics, mold and mildew will be an issue.
Are we going to see a dishwasher installed? 🤔
Getting closer!  Ignoramous question…Why does the hull below the waterline look mottled?
Is Jason getting his dishwasher
That ramp. Lots to talk about.  1. Is it really that steep or is the camera convincing me that it's about 40 degrees? 2. Why is it that steep? The place was obviously purpose built so there must be a reason.
That looks way smaller than the one had prior. Why spend all that money for a much smaller boat thats crazy.
Maybe buying just one electric bike would work for both of you.  They make towable and foldable carts that will attach.
Did anyone here get a message from someone claiming to be Jason and Nikki?  Someone asked me to message via Telegram. After a short exchange I am being offered a gift as a subscriber.. And it's an IPhone. I'm assuming it's a scam.
Love the whisper wall or ceiling . Must be a good,fabric that,does not stretch over time . can you show more? And you should try putting in a panel so you know how! Thanks for sharing , cheers warren
Love the episodes! Nikki - my wants to know what you sunglasses are 😂 Random I know
Would a onewheel work? Something like a pint?
Dish washer?
Curiosity is looking fantastic.  So looking forward to seeing ya all set sail . 🎉
Have you considered electric Bromptons? Don’t worry too much about the small wheels, I’ve ridden my (non-electric) Brompton on every surface imaginable. They’re surprisingly versatile & basically indestructible. This comes from someone who’s never owned a car & has 5 bikes so, from lots of experience.
Why is the bottom of a new boat soiled looking dirty? Even if it is epoxy glue it looks unfinished.
Have you looked at Blix?
I check in periodically to see if this ninny has come out yet. any day now.
why's the bottom looking so nasty?
I'm guessing they are going to paint the bottom after?
I am so excited for you guys!!  I have been stalking your channel for this moment!! She floats!  Question for you. Will they clean the lower hull before she's officially launched?
How much did it cost?  💲💰💵
Hi. Congratulations on your new boat. Why didn't you go with the Victon MPPTs? I didn't quite understand what type of mppt that was. Looks like a lot of devices and cables. And where will you start your new journey from?
How about an electric scooter vs bike, smaller space.
Why is the bottom all spotted.?
Did y'all look at Windelo catamarans? Wondering if you have seen their electric propulsion system?
How much extra is a "Crows Nest"?
The big question; how much is the boat costing you?
Have you considered buying a Brompton  bike? They're the most compact of all folding bikes and also come with electric options.  There are also EUC's like inmotion V12HT which are a lot of fun and only take a short while to get the hang of riding. All the best for your new adventures on the high seas.
So frustrating to have to wait. But all important things involve potential delays—break a mast! (Instead of a leg for luck)? 😊
How about the Lectric XP Lite (46 pounds)?
What happened to the sound? It's kind of tinny.
Can you take more time and explain how the cabinets are so light?
I saw a Nautistyles video where they showed what they said was your cat, this was probably 12 months ago. Are you actually that far behind on your videos? Just asking not complaining.
KayGee? Actually, KG after a number, is articulated, "kilos" just like LBS is "pounds" and KM is "kilometers" etc... Yeah, it's tricky, l know ❤
Foldable offroad e-scooter instead maybe?
Joke around the boat yard ( Napa CA). When are you going to launch? Two weeks!! Two weeks is perpetual.
Why does the bottom look unfinished???
Does that weight include the dishwasher?
Can you power it with a V-8?
Why is it not fully painted?
Do the bikes need to go in the forepeak?
No insulation in the roof?
thanks for sharing. Is this a new camera?
Beautiful boat!  Wondering why that cavity in the ceiling did not appear to be stuffed with some kind of insulation?
Where is the bottom paint?
I am wondering why the below water part of the hull was not painted but the above water part was? I am sure there is a good reason; just wondering what it is.
Did I miss something about antifoul?
Have you looked at Letric? They are foldable.
Did they accidently make your boat smaller? (Mast trimming, bikes not fitting) I'm so sorry for your delays😢, is this the norm ?? They've pushed out this size a lot, are they trying to benefit from your you tube?
Why are there blotches all over the white paint on the bottom of the hulls?
Why does it llok like a 55 or 56  chevy with the front cut off
is that wood framing?
Tim? Yes. Many guys use that sound for "comedy".
Just curious why they wouldn’t measure the stays exactly the same as the ones they’ve already launched?   Seems like a stupid oversight.
I like my Fafrees F20 Light bike. Not sure if you really need the fat wheels, I guess in most circumstances you would not, especially for groceries or checking out a town
Ten times further on an e-bike?  Normal bikes don't need a battery - infinite range.  E-bike provides no exercise; that's not exercise.  Normal bikes have more options, and can't have battery fires.
Why are three no people outside?
Why does the underneath of the boat looked unfinished? Splotchy looking?
Why was the lower part not painted ??  Fantastic day for you guys
Will you have a charging point inside the “bike” locker?   Could be really handy 🙂
About the mast: could you guys explain in the next video more of how it works on a catamaran? I was surprised that it didn't go down into the hull deeper(just attached to the surface).
Does anyone agree that Nikki looks like a young Audrey Hepburn?
12:47 Have you decided where you will install the Binford 5000 yet?
What an exciting time for the both of you! As far as bikes go, though it may not be an off road bike, have you heard of Carbo Bike? It is also foldable and made of carbon fibre. They run ads all the time and they have a YT channel too. Keep us updated!
Does the very bottom section of the boat that was sorta white get cleaned up or "painted" white at a later date?  The color portion is just stunning!! Sorry for the disappointment regarding the mast. But it floats!! :)
What a gorgeous boat!  As for the e-bikes: Are you trying to store them side by side, one in front of the other, or against the hull stacked?  If against the hull could you come up with a hinged shelf that the upper bike would be on?
Have you looked at the Blix electric bike? Or the Specialized electric bike? I believe their tires are larger but they may be lighter.
Looking good so far! I'm curious to know what are the black rectangles below the waterline on the inside of each hull? (Thats outside the hulls on the inside of each 😊)
Does everyone know what time it is?!
Spray water see what hatches leak
Congrats you two. Did you struggle with any of the obvious air pollution in that area? The city shots feature a constant fog of pollutants.
Congratulations for almost being at the finish line. The boat looks great, especially with all of the new technology. Looking at the ceiling without insulation. How will that be for outside noise? Like rain or whatever on the roof.
Fun video. Is that smog?
The delays have to be so frustrating. You guys are staying remarkably positive about it - at least on camera.  One question though - why were the bottom of the hulls so splotchy looking? Looks like they didn’t get painted
That big debate you had at the end there  ?   Was  that a mass debate  ?
I have a Lectric XP 3.0 and I love it but you would be hard pressed to get one of them in and out of that spot on a regular basis. Do you need both bikes to fit in that compartment? Because if so I think you may be out of luck with e-bikes. I don't know of anything that folds more compactly than the gocycle. Maybe Vello but they have the same city-bike focus and hefty price tags. The only other one I can think might work for you is the Lectric Lite which is at least significantly less heavy than the XP which would make getting it in and out of a compartment like that much easier, although I don't know whether the folded footprint of the Lite is much smaller than the XP, in which case you still might run into problems trying to store two of them, especially if you need to have racks on them for cargo, etc.
Can you give us the dimensions oof the forward lockers ?
The Lectric XP Lite doesn't fit in the space? Folded size is 36L x 16W x 26H. We test rode them last week and it was zippy and quite stable. Plus serviceable unlike some of the other smaller folding bikes, ie Jetsons.
Have you looked at one wheel?  Not a bike, but smaller and get you farther than walking.
Have you looked at the MiRiDER bike, 17.3 kg, folds down to 780mm x 690mm x 460mm, prices from £1,595.00 depending what accessories you add.
all good but  fault finding  will be fun when its all buttoned  up ???? hmmmmm guys
Did I miss something?  No anti foul paint?
This may show my ignorance but why does it look like the bottom is unfinished ?
Why no insulation? Black panels will soak up the heat then transfer into salon. Does that mean there is zero insulation in the boat? No insulation means condensation and mold in strange places.
Brompton bikes?
Why didn't silvin send a tech out to do the lines,  silvin CEO went out personally and did parley revival sales in Panama ?
Why does the bottom look unpainted and unfinished? I don't understand that.
Why does the bottom of the boat seem to lack any anti-fouling?   I'm curious?
How come the hulls look unpainted and kinda weird going in the water?  I would have thought that was all done prior to going into the water.  Look forward to your next show.  Merry Christmas
What is all over the bottom it looks like paper and tape not smooth.
What Binford model would the PV panels be?
The Lectric XP Lite won’t work?
Not sure if this was suggested but can the bikes be broke down further?  Such as removing wheels or handlebars?
is the bottom not being painted?
How can they afford this? It's not like they are LA Vagabonde? They must come from rich family, I guess.
i will bet the big debate item is a dishwasher :D
Omg, I’m so excited for you guys! Also…why am I nervous?!?
Doesn't everyone know Tool Time?
I'm betting the big one that's been a big debate is a dishwasher!!
How do you avoid  E-Bike Battery Fires on a fiberglass boat? Don't  bring one on board, Rent the ebike.   Aternative to buying a folding bike, buy a ebike you can disassemble, remove the front tire or both tires, handlebars, peddles, seat, baskets., battery and store parts about the boat.
No bottom paint?
YES,  that question,  IS Jason getting his  dishwasher installed on this BOAT?  thanks for sharing.
Electric bikes are in their infancy, I think.  They are ever changing and improving at the moment.  Would you consider holding off and instead of electric, purchase a Bike Friday or another folding bike until you really find the electric bike that you would like to have?  Thanks for another great episode.  Congratulations on your new floating home😊
What kind of solar panels do these boats use? I’ve never seen flexible solar panels without that little bulge were all the wires and connector comes out. But there’s are complete flat!!
Do you guys get system design and dimensioned drawings for your boat?
A watched catamaran never boils?
Why does the bottom of the boat look like it is not completely painted??   Looks likes lots of patches on the bottom.
Why does the hull below the waterline look so crappie?
Have you thought about an electric Unicycle (EUC)? Compared to a bicycle, they fit in a small space, you can drive even on bad roads, the range is superior... Of course, they do require a couple of hours of learning, but I recommend you try them while you are there, they are all made there.
What was the reason to change from Victron to Gensun?
Sorry if I missed it, but did you guys choose a different mast that what was on hull 1 or what was the reason the rigging (I know you said shrouds too long) didn't work?
Brompton Electrics.  Ask Nick and Terysa about Brompton bicycles.
2 weeks?  We have to wait 2 weeks! 😵Oh OK I see...whew!  Beautiful videography Jason!
I remember Tim the Toolman Taylor. Are they going to finish painting the hull?
Beautiful boat! From the video It looks like bottom paint is not applied.  Is she coming back out?  Or is it just how it appears on the video?
I thought your catamaran was getting retractable dagger boards?
Have you guys looked at the Lectric XP Lite model?  It is about 25ish pounds lighter than their regular model and only one gear...may be perfect for island travel.
Has to be a dishwasher, right?
Hey what the lightning strike protection system, what have you done about that ??? So lightning doesn't fry all those electronics.
What about a scooter instead of bikes?
Congrats to you both.  We love watching every video. Would you consider a “Lessons Learned During the Process” video for those of us behind you in the queue?
Anybody know what time it is???? Tool time!
Did I hear "dishwasher" ????
Maybe all terrain scooters could be better than bikes.
can't help but get the feeling that there is a whole lot of stuff you are not telling.. hmmm. well, best.
Curious what you’ve chosen for bottom paint ?
When do they complete the painting on the lower hulls + anti fouling + boot stripe?
Looks grat. What excuse did they give you for such a collosal mistake with the shrouds?
see weighs the same as a rapido 60?
Maybe the bikes won’t be too heavy if you disconnect the battery before you stow it?
Couldn't be more excited for you guys. Regarding those fabric whisper wall panels, if you have to access something behind them, can you pop off the whole panel, or do you have to remove and then re-insert the cloth with a putty knife?
Will you be using a biocide treatment in the diesel for added protection?
I see the bottom does not look completely finished. It looks lime you are lacking some anti fouling paint. Am I missing something?
Why does the bottom look so dirty?
Definitely know Tim the Tool Time guy!  Question...is the bottom of the boat going to be revsealed or painted more?  It seemed like a very thin coat with lots of patching visible.
Ahh did someone get their dishwasher? That is what it sounded like...😅😮
Why did it look as if they didn’t complete the bottom paint? Beautiful above waterline!
Dishwasher next week?
Why are they doing this when it doesn’t look finished?
Loving watching the progress ( one step forward two steps back it seems) So I am curious are you ever going to divulge the total cost of your new boat? I am loving watching these weekly videos , can’t wait for trials.
So with the new boat, you going to get new kitty(s) for the new adventure?
Curiosity is DEAD SEXY!!!
Looks amazing in the water.  Re bikes, are you not worried about lithium fires?  The batteries they use for bikes do not seem to be as stable as ones you would get for your boat batteries
When the hull being painted?
Is Jason getting his dishwasher?????
How about the Lectric Lite?
Do you really need electric bikes?  No offense but people have been using human powered bicycles for over 150 years.
So, what about the chinese new year shut down? How is that going to effect your delivery?
I’m looking at all the work yet to be done, the number of people involved, does HH actually make a profit on this sale?
How about Varla scooters
14:55 get the bikes you want but have quick release wheels? Front and back. 🤷🏼‍♂️
It’s been a big debate…Wait, is Jason getting his dishwasher?
can't you change the tires to allow the bikes to run in the woods?
Why isn't the boat painted on the bottom yet? She sure is a beautiful boat. It looks like it will sail nice and smooth in the water.
Did Jason get braces for his 40th birthday? Never too late. Congrats on the launch.
Seems like the white on the bottom is not clean at all
