Why is the screen so fizzy whenever theres movement? It made me think the match took place in America .
Where’s the foul on Bowen that led to the red?
I know a lot of comments are about the ref; and rightly so, but I have a more important question:  Why was this filmed on a potato?
Cresswell very unlikely to get sent off, Why on earth did Maxwell Cornet choose to play for Burnley in a relegation battle then playing in Europe for Lyon? 🤯🤦‍♂️
One season wonder
What Mafia bribed the referee for this game? He last took money off the Croatians.
How can these Refs be getting paid ?
Why on earth does the ref stop the game for tackles not involving the head? As soon as he blows the french fakers get up.
How did VAR not tell him to look at that, it was never a red card. Cresswell barely tapped him on the shoulder
The referee was banned for accepting bribes and match fixing, yet he’s allowed to referee a quarter final?!?!
Surely that’s not a red card? Slightest touch and going away from goal?
How is that not a red card? Through on goal, Cresswell takes him out. The English commentators 🤦🏻‍♂️
Who was the CB that just stopped running before the red card? I would be fuming with him if I was moyes. If he kept running and got in between the player and the goal, it would have turned that red into a yellow.  Awful by the CB
How is that referee allowed to referee any game? He is an utter cheat.
Red card or not Lyon would still beat West Ham
Why when the Lyon players fall over and stay on the ground (not head injuries) allow play to go on then decide to stop it later on in the move? ive never seen that before really bizarre officiating to say the least, why didn't VAR go back to the foul on Bowen in the build up to the goal?
WHY DIDNT THEY SHOW THE DEMBELE WINK???
It’s not a red card but what was he thinking? He’s going away from goal zouma covering creswell had no need to put his hands on him.
Why didn't BT show the Dembele wink 👀
How's that a red card..what s joke decision
Straight red. I dont understand what is shocking about it? Dembele took a touch forward towards the goal. Unfortunately but correct decision
That was a red card for what reason exactly. I’ve seen worse been given no card.
What did the Lyon manager say to Moyes after the game?
Don’t know why people are acting like that was a ridiculous red card decision. Shouldn’t be pulling someone back when they’re running towards goal like that.
So apparently that's not a red? Just be honest come on... West Ham played well and with 11 they might have won that game. A win in Lyon and nobody will talk about it
Clear Red he took down the last man pulling him back whats not red about it?
Can we appreciate that touch by Benrahma at 38 seconds? Like old school Fifa control
Have they got rid of that flipping cat kicker yet?
so who was the biggest villian of the night? a) the ref, for a shocking display of officiating, b) Dembele, for drawing the red card foul (and got caught winking about it), or c) that muppet who ran onto the pitch in the middle of a potential West Ham opportunity?
Is it me that thinks West Ham need a striker Antonio doesnt score a lot dont remember the last time he has scored
Bowen.... If Grealish is worth £100,000,000 - how much can Bowen be worth? If City offered a straight swap: Grealish for Bowen, West Ham would put the phone down on them.
BT Why does all of your football content have lines through it? Such awful video quality
Running away from goal and with a central defender still there…how is that ever a red?
please tell me its a different ref in the second leg!!
In what world is that ever a red?
