Did you turn it into a Demo Derby car?
Is the car for sale do you still have it????
Makes me wonder how people steal catalytic converters so quickly and so easily….
Do TBI experts exist? LOL! had one once, never again.
No oxygen sensor on the old cat disconnected? Needs exhaust system.
No spark? That things slowly becoming a handful.
Did they put filter on with a 3/4 impact.
TPS report? Office linebacker?
What did that muffler do to that guy?   ...Larry
Why not use an IV bag with a drip line to test the engine for sparkalator?
did ya check the blinker fluid?
Worst engine on the planet? Maybe 🤔
is that how rednecks lift weights
Basically trying to figure out and fix a concept car
Didn't they try to use a gas block into a diesel?
Low voltage to the computer?
Is this vice grip garage with a camera man?!!!! I'll need a cold snack
I really must ask. What happens to all your tires? They always start out with white details but soon turns blue.
Those TBIs have a million gaskets and screens, but they're pretty easy to rebuild. My question is why do the kits cost $70? So many vehicles have these in them, but a handful of o rings and paper gaskets are a million dollars?
Maybe the computer feels no back pressure and overcompensating cars require engines require pressure to operate properly. That’s why these Davison people put open exhaust on. It won’t idle at a stoplight because there’s no back pressure on the engine.
Coolant temp sensor?
Makes me wonder who filmed this video for a guy. We don’t normally see an “in motion” camera perspective haha.
Music from 49:00? You've changed Derek
are those old Caddy bumper plastics remanufactured? Cos that is a monstrous beauty
check the ground connection on the computer? probably rusted
New camera? Eveything looks dull and brown.
Maybe the fuel regulator isn't working or way too high pressure
10:13 did a guy spit on during the production WHILE in the O’Reillys shop? Cheers to the great content 🥂
Should you put some magic mystery oil or atf /oil in cylinders before just to make sure there is some lube from sitting so long .
how many OSHA violations? all of it😂
When I look at the total cluster mess under this hood, I'm thinking what in the world of a spaghetti mess is this?
This guy is pretty bad ass, does he know how to work on a Northstar engine?
Hi Derek;  Are the two relays plugged into the correct sockets? Whoever had his hands on the engine long before you bought it, might have buggered it up royally. Your step by step process is the only way to get the beast running properly. Good luck. From a shade-tree mechanic trying to help.
can you put a paper clip in the ALDL to get the engine light to flash codes?  was that a thing as far back as 81?
The mental gymnastics to fight a stubborn motor... No sleep thinking if over, then if I set it to 70 maybe it isn't resetting because it thinks it already did?   That
How does your camera person not laugh or make comments when filming?  I would be spewing out my nose with some of your comments...
I have a stupid question. Why can't you just swap the green relay with the time relay and add only the ground wire with a switch to cab?
What was the brown Cadillac from Goodfellas what year and model
Who was your camera man for this one?
If it's not charging right it will not run right. Right??
What kind of cheap ass garage did O'Reilly's put you in with no lift?? Come on O'Reilly's.
Bro. Did u for real barf??? 😂😂
Looking at a 81 Cadi fleet wood 6L and they made it fuel injected and now it won’t start. Anyone know what could be wrong?
I wonder if it had a vacuum leak with all those hoses hanging around. This episode was a bit stressfully.  I had a ford station wagon that gave me a similar feeling I got from watching you struggle. Great video though. Those 80’s mechanics had their hands full.
Is this Betty White?
Maybe change the spark plugs from underneath of the car sometimes that’s the way a lot of V8 and V6 is were designed. It’s not comfortable to do it but
What ever happened with this beauty? It is in really great shape
Have you tried checking the air in the spare?😂
I think it's running some weird os compilation of Windows Vista/Me/8.
So... did you get it home?   What did you find out?   Did you get it running again?   Inquiring minds want to know!
What has she been promised she'll never recover from...future small claims judge?
Those plastic bumper parts.. has anyone made metal substitutes?
You put the air box back on with vacuum tubes on it connected to somewhere???
Huh? Is your tripod moving?🫢
What's a Dad sneeze?
Hi Derek; Is it possible that the injectors are switched -left to right (or front to back)?
imagine trying to find engine parts for this car
I have a 95 cadillac devlie just had a oil change and notice when car warms u] about 10 to 15 minutes i hear a knock or tapping sound what could it be please any help would be cery much appreciated
Bruce Roe is your guy for any of these old Cadillac EFI questions and parts. He is a genius on the system and will reman your ECU for little to no cost.
Doesn't O'Reilly have a lift in the garage?  If it were me, I would be saying "bleep-bloop" for an entirely different reason.
Which O’reilly’s distribution center is that? Washington State?
What kind of microphone are you using on that sharpie? My goodness that thing is oddly loud. Like people's pants and shoe bottoms on those 90s soap operas.
Are we on fire again? I'm gonna unplug these typewriters.😅
I want to know how the cameraman didn't laugh
You're a brave man, and a patient one.  I wonder if the return fuel line could be plugged, causing the over pressure situation in the injectors.  Just a random thought.
If you erase an already erased computer, does it make a sound?
It either needs to be figured out with some research, swapped with a high power diesel (my favorite option), or a ~500 hp (possibly with forced induction) big block of some sort. Maybe even some sort of decent power with the stock bottom end that’s in it already.
What did you end up doing with this Caddy?  Looks like it would be a good candidate for an LS swap for drag and drive.  Is it for sale?😊
How does Derek keep from using swear words? This man is incredibly disciplined. That exhaust removal would have sent me into orbit 🙄
I would say when you put the injectors back maybe you just tightened down the allen key grub screws on top off the injectors down all the way ?  I'd say that these grub screws act as adjusters to how much the injector plungers go up and down   Maybe I'm wrong but I don't think so
Did you taste the oil?
Can a guy ask the camera man for a hand??
Is there a part 2?  Don’t recall if you found another throttle position sensor. It being unplugged might be what caused the deactivation solenoids to wig out because the computer has no tps signal
Whats become of this car? Feel it has potential but definitely needs hammering
Update? I'm real curious if you ever go it to run how it did from factory
@Vice Grip Garage I would like to see you put a scan tool on the car & read what codes it is throwing.
I wonder how many thousands of pounds of extra tools he acquires, Hobo Freight, Oriley and so on.  Cans of fuel, man garage sale here I come!
Can you get the plastics that go around the rear bumper or that’s how it is so the cars are right off
Map pocket? I thought that was a litter bin 😆
so it was running crappy why then?
did you forget to close those injectors after hitting them with 9V?
I always wonder if, like in this case, you did any research on the schematics or anything on engines you've never dealt with before prior to jumpin' in and working on it. My Dad was a big Caddy guy and I wish he was still around so I could ask him about this. That interior is VERY familiar to me :-)
check the geg for the fuel thqat you put on the top
What about those mini-switches you have been twiddling?  I've never screwed around with a Cadillac, but I have replaced those type of switches often enough to know that they are so unreliable they even resist the magic of DeOxit
I wonder why the fuel tank was removed. Makes me think that maybe something happened like someone threw sugar in there or something. So when they parked it they cut the tank out and cut the filler neck off in order to condem it and prevent anyone in the future from ruining the engine.. 🤔
Engine Swap!!! How about a straight 6?
600-650 cfm carb would be perfect, but i'm not sure if the computer ran the timing on that car - in which case, you'd need to do an HEI swap as well.
My 89 Camaro has done the full blast of fuel like that before. It was the relay that makes the injectors open and close that was bad. You did say you swapped them but maybe both bad? Also if stuff gets in the injectors it can make that happen too. Did I miss the part where you took an injector apart or did you not do it? I do fully agree with the carb idea! Unfortunately, a whole bunch of other stuff is controlled by the computer too and you end up with all your electro-digicals as you'd say acting stupid in the vehicle. Anxious to see what it is when you finally do get this thing going. Great show Derek.
Why do you have your video with the sound so fast? It’s hard to understand. I like the videos but don’t like the sound or the talking I should say.
Why not use the floor jack to raise the fuel tank into position rather than muscling it and risking pinching lines etc?
I just want to know how high their insurance went, just because Derek was working in the shop with his safety squints and other safe practices.
Don't you think you need to vent the shop before you get monoxide poisoning?
Why doesn't a nice-looking garage have a way to get the exhaust out of the room?
Why not greese the fuel tank gasket?
Does exhaust back pressure have anything to do with anything. Cut few  off my whips way back when and they ran perfect before but wouldn't run after.
How long till part two?
Not sure if the same issue but my sons 98 Oldsmobile same year drain plugs on firewall plugged up this rusting holes in firewall . The computer on that car was inside on fire wall behind glovebox  The water damaged and corroded all connections and computer .
Do a motor and transmission swap make it a 4 speed
who won the duster?
Hey after having to cut off most of muffler and pipes, why they cut off the gas can.
Do an injection swap other than the ones recommended by Caddy.
lmfao!   face shield?
I thought it most likely the phase converter on the thermocoupler affecting the left ear and the right ear meaning it is going to be difficult reading the final front ear, have you asked Spok what he thinks
My 2011 Honda Accord broke down on the side of the road a couple weeks ago.  The shop I took it to said it has no compression and it needs a new motor.  How do you bring these old cars that look like all rust back to life?
1:58:10 I Wonder since the alt wasn't charging the Ecu wasn't getting enough voltage to run the engine correctly.
WHAT's the UPDATE ?!  What fixed this POS?
Was your boy filming that? If so he did a great job!
I wonder if this was the car from Matilda that Ms. Trunchbull kept having problems with lol. Just looked, it’s not
wouldnt it have an 02 sensor to calibrate the engine for v4/v6/v8?
is there a handy cliff you can push it off? 80's gm... ugh
I wonder if an aftermarket efi and computer would work?
you should still take it to cadillac and see if they will honor the warranty?  STILL
I think the injectors are holding open. Maybe dirt on them or damaged seats from the screwdriver.
What to do, what to do... How about.. 5 gal of gas ( too much??  Perfect..) somewhere way off the beaten path, and a match..😊
How about a Holey EFI and cleanup under the hood. That wil make it usable!
What did you do with this Cadillac?
I think this is only the second time the car has won? The other the Grand National?
Alternater playing havic with computer? Cant get a constant voltage to set up on?
Some safety goggles maybe? Just a thought.
With every try there's a 1000 guesses as to what's going to happen.
Does the very beginning seem unsaturated vidgeo or am I too many road sodas in
Can a duramax fit in there?
I dont want to seem like a dick or anything but is anyone else annoyed more by the camera guy than him just being a tripod ?
How did cameraman stay quiet during whole thing?
Who is shooting this? Part of the deadpan humor of your older videos seemed like a video diary.
35:13 did that noise make anyone else think of the Back to the Future opening scene where Marty gets blown across the room by the giant speaker? BWOMP 🔊
Big Fan, love your channel. I  was wondering if you would consider working on a complete 1983 928 Porsche with a no start situation? Would hand you a clean title for a 1984 Chevy C20 pickup runs and drives great. Has a little (weight reduction) not bad. And a Stahl utility box with removable racks.
At one time you were funny.. what happened?
Can the distributor have shut down mode going on with the cylinder shut off part electronics ?
Derek and crew:  How does one contact you or your assistant to inquire about buying this Cadillac?
Manifold air pressure  (MAP) sensor?
New MAP sensor?
How bout a floor hoist.🤧🙄
how far you going to get before you get a ticket
Is Derek the most patient man in the world… or are there outtakes of him cussing and smashing stuff up ??
Derek , how about removing all of the 8/6/4 stuff and put in a Caddy 500 with true dual exhaust quite as possible wide tires , find the rear fender skirts ,and end up having a stock appearing Caddy capable of leaping buildings
Hey maybe theres some old boy Cadillac tech out there you could do another episode letting them go at the electrodigitals on it ? Somebody somewhere must know how to work on those miserable systems !
Greetings: I wonder if U found the key 4 the 'spokes'?
Did your rebuild process of injectors have something to do with your poor running condition?
How is it that you always buy cars 500+ miles away? lol.
Injector o ring- metal spacer delete?
I don't understand why you're making taking off the Cadillac converter in the muffler so hard when you have a freaking Sawzall and a grinder you shouldn't have to do all that extra BS
I love your show. I watch it a lot, thanks. I have a 1983 Dodge with a 318 factory built with a 2-barrow carburetor in it, and it is constantly having problems with idling, so which is one of the Holly Sniper kits I would recommend?
plug wires u might break a few?
Do you still get that buzz when you purchase another vehicle.....its always felt good gerting a different ride
Was that a 1st mar div blue diamond on ur inner arm?
I noticed you have a Seville Classics tool cart. How do you like it? Does it hold up to daily home mechanic use? I can get the 11 drawer for sub 500 but can't see it in person. My only fear is the smaller drawers seem very short where it could be an issue fitting tools where you wont them. I see 9 pliers drawers if you get me.
i thought to begin with looking at the trim and body work this has to be the best revival yet  when you were working on the injectors you mentioned give me a carb any day and maybe could that be done here replace the injector system with a carb install standard of the shelf electronic ignition unit to bypass all that early engine management system is that possible i don't know
This is the first one I’ve seen proper give you a quandary Derek. 🙏🙏👍🇬🇧🇺🇸
Been watching the videos since the first revival. Always entertaining. But why so smokey looking?
Through a Q jet and drive it
Dood wut du - - - -!  Can you spell car lift? Or even floor Jack??
How much are you asking for?!!? I’ll love to drop an LS in it!!!!
Any chance you could try to restore it to 8-6-4 original status? I know not practical in the real world, but for Youtube could be fun, seeing the 8-6-4 light on the dash, knowing this is one of the few working engines.
Probably MAF isnt connected so it doesnt know how much air is going into the engine
Can it just get a regular carburetor and bypass the entire injection system? Asking for a friend
How do you find these odd cars. You have a lot more patience with those computer and vacuum lines than I do. I would of let her set sail sooner than you did. LOL Great show do you have a shop that you are letting the public visit? Would love to take a road trip out and see you and meet you.
Im torn between a carbureted small block swap or adding a modern fuel injection system like a sniper or atomic. Would love to see some of the older efi cars live on with an updated efi system
Replace it with crate engine?
Carb swap? Illegal as per the EPA
What about the fuel filter
Yo seriously D.  How do you go from unplugging and replugging, hitting your elbow and car starts and no explanation...killing me bro
also who was filming???
Uhmmm is that amount of smoke in O'REILLYs garage OSHA approved???😂😂😂
Derk. You knew 4 days ago you was gonna hafta carb swap it. Do you put yourself AND us through the 2 hour 20 minute pain on purpose? Anyways, thanks for the show.
Loved the episode, who's the new cameraman/person?
How about converting it to a full electric? Plenty of space for batteries.
Enjoy the videos, but can you edit them down a bit? Feature film length YouTube videos are a bit hard for me to get through.
Oldsmobile hubcaps?
Can you imagine one of these cars with a nice big block Chevrolet  V-8 engine ?
can you say goggles and a face mask?
Why do people tighten oil filters like axle nuts, please help me understand...
puzzling.   A crash course in brain surgery...Metallica
How you do you keep yourself from attacking cars like that with a Tanya Harding?  I would have chucked multiple tools into the drywall.
Got to be a used computer in a junk yard somewhere and then derby it?
Have you tried using the other end of an allen key? or just fooling me !
What happened to the 4 6 8 car can't wait to see what u do with it cheers brownie new Zealand
How did Apollo 11 or any space craft produce thrust in a vacuum ?
My experience with throttle body injection is that they're ok but it seems like the like to randomly stall the engine while going up a hill or long highway trips but only stall for a slight second and come back to life. It always made me nervous driving a TBI because of that but i noticed if i used a higher voltage ignition coil it usually made it run better? Doesn't make sense because the coil doesn't power the injectors they're powered by the ECM but every time i used a different coil other than a accel high voltage coil it would always do a weird stall thats why i just like the carburetors or actuall fuel injection because TBI is like one little break to being stranded on the side of the road.
how about maybe the return line is plugged?????
Engine swap it and make it a cruiser or… sell it
Why o why did car makers get so far up themselves that this car was ever manufactured. So complicated. The combustion engine is simple. Keep it simple. Love you Derek.
what to do with it?   Sniper EFI and make yourself a blue-wall goin' to town rig.
I'm curious to see if Derek will rip off all that computer crap and make it a carbureted engine.
It LOOKS good anyway.  Maybe an LS swap? OR! Coyote swap and really upset the proverbial apple cart.
You sure it’s not a sensor? So you can’t fit  a carburetor and a regular distributor on it with a different intake manifold?
Has this guy ever heard of safety glasses? Apparently he has never had a server eye injury!!!
It needs a mild Buick 455 build  / quadrajet carb set up...
I wonder if you could make the cylinder deactivation work somehow with a holly ecu would be a massive undertaking but would be cool
I just searched on google to see what size engine that is, and it’s a 368, if any of y’all were wondering
since when we have cameraman-age?
isnt that a hendrix song? if 8 was 6 was 4?
Has ANYONE done a variable displacement engine that wasn't invariably a POS?  Hell, even Honda's version of it on my 2010 Odyssey is crap. Most everyone that has one puts the inline resistor into the temp sensor to trick the computer into thinking it's not quite up to temp, which keeps it firing all 6 cylinders.
If the transmission bolt pattern matches older Caddy engines...472 or 500 swap would be great
Will that carb swap come with 500ci?
Im only 12 mins into the vid so if Derek addresses this at some point i apologize, but could someone tell me why Caddys of this period always look like their rear bumpers are pushed out a half foot from the car? Im assuming theres supposed to be trim there or something but why wouldnt GM just mount the bumper to the body without having a giant trim gap like that? Seems everytime i see one on the road it never fails to have a gap between the bumper...
Didn't James May have one of these during their Florida to New Orleans Road trip on Top Gear?
How does the guy not have 14 lung ailments by now??
I don’t think gm ever got the dropping down from 8cyl down to 4 cyl right. The newer gm trucks are dropping lifters at low miles. And even causing further damage to the engine.
I have to wonder if the TBI system from a early 90s 454 might be the ticket for that thing. It'd bolt right up more than likely.
Who sells brand new, replacemant fuel tanks for a '81 Cadillac?
Where are your safety glasses  ?
I'm guessing when this thing rolled into the dealership for warranty work sick days were used.
Does Derek edit out the swearing and tool throwing? I feel like this episode surely had some
I hope you and your family were not affected by the tornadoes in Tennessee. Can you do a carburetor swap on this car? If so, I would be very interested in seeing that!
What about an engine swap?
I wonder if it could be the injectors.  I don’t know how the tbi system works just not super familiar with it but I know on some other style fuel injection systems when the injectors go bad it will have the same symptoms where it will start and run for a couple of seconds and then dies, because the bad injectors draw too many amps and freak the computer out
How about an LS swap.  A cushy boat.
Try a coolant temp sensor! It will fail to -40 and just dump fuel.
I'm super curious as to what you will do with this one?i vote carb swap
I would like to see a carb swap on the Cadillac if it's possible.
as nice as the body is on this baby could it be LS swap time ???
im wondering if that alternator not charging might be the problem
How does a feller go about having the intestinal fortitude, to work on a vehicle in a shop this clean??? I'd miss every drain bucket I  attempted to use, and every fluid known to man would be covering that floor in about 32 seconds. Makes me nervous! 😆
LS swapped it, pull that junk motor out drop in that LS motor…. Wondering 🤔 what that guys up to?
Fun project. @vicegripgarage maybe I missed it but I dont recall seeing you check for trouble codes? The ALDL port to pull codes should be at the bottom of the dash near the steering column. It's very primitive but reading the hard codes may help find some failed components.
After all the work I'd like to know what the problems are. Perhaps you can do an episode where you get it fixed and then convert to a carb setup. Also, why is it that all the cars you revive, none of the radios work? I'm waiting for a show about bringing a car back to life and the radio works for your drive home.
Is the manifold the same as for a Quadrajet?
Keep the car for an LS swap and a paint restoration to factory new stock
How did it manage to cover 65k!?
Are you willing to do a small block or mild LS swap and mate to existing Turbo 400?  I just need it to start and deliver over 185 hp to the rear wheels and working HVAC.  I will buy it: for $8000 cash.
Can you run a fuel pumps like that dry?    Like how you was testing it
Are we calling this one Casper or Ghostrider she fought you more than the red chevelle ( Rocky)
Pull a valve cover and show us the typewriters...
Great episode like always but did this episode seemed forced to anyone else?  The Derekisms seemed more manufactured than off the cuff.
Looking like its gunna be another engine swap here….
Well a fella has so many questions but would putting a carb setup work due to the computer not interacting with it? Would love to see it drive, please don't give up. Betty White lives on.....
Looks like a coolant temp sensor issue
Carb swap it or swap a 500ci Cadillac v8 in. Be a heck of a burn out car with a 500.
UUUh, can we get to it?
is it possible, and i don't know if you had already checked it, but i know with most 1 gen fuel injection, no matter the manufacturer, that if the coolant temp sensor has failed, i've seen obd 1 ford fuel injection have hard starting, over fueling issues, lean fueling, rough idle, etc until warm .  then completely run fine, as it turned out the coolant temp sensor was telling the computer that the engine was warm, giving a "warm engine" fuel map (to lean for a cold engine), and until the engine physically was warmed up, it would run like crap.  When i seen this one giving full tilt on fuel, it made me think that possibly the ect sensor is telling the computer the engine is cold and to give more fuel.  just a thought.
Can a brand new cadillac run and drive 500 miles? I see more brand new cadillacs broke down along highway than any other vehicle
If the tbi on it is the same as what is on a 454 I have an adapter for a 2 barrel Holley carburetor.
Have any of you saw behind the glove box on these 864?? There is miles of spaghetti wires running everywhere with a huge brainbox with 3-5 plugs of wires going into it pretty wild looking at it 😅
Did the camera person work on the “Blair witch” project also?
Dude Derek, hubby & I found you recently on the tube. We love you & your family❤  Ok female question, be nice... Why do you waste your time on the RUSTY YUK? Its ok to have standards, maybe less rust then you can give away and others/youngsters can enjoy the classics?Loved Monte carlo, I remember my brother trying to shut heavy real doors back then on my leg ouch.   Maybe drawings to win cars ?? buy merch, leave a comment? We need to watch newer ones too. We laugh, when next video popps up and it usually you!   Thanks for makin us giggle, its been tough losing Dad and making sure kooky Mom is ok. Our fav Dog went to heaven too. You are messin with us newbies with your madeup words❤😂❤
Can a guy get a refund for the Cadillac injector gaskets?
That is a neat Coupe Deville! I'd love to see a carb swap! But would a fuel pressure regulator stop the flooding?
how can a 12 volt injector work with 9 volts ??
Anyone else wondering who’s taking the video?😊
Could you do a Holley EFI Swap?
I'm wondering if that computer is got moisture damage.
Im 15 years old about to put a transmission in my first truck, I picked up a 1992 silverado k1500 4x4 for $250. Its got a 350 with a 4l60. Do you got any tips for a young fella like me trying to do this job?
Next give away car maybe?
Ls swap candidate ? 🤔
Solid body, perhaps remove that engine and go with a moderately built big block or small block.
You would think that Cadillac would have made it a way to just run on all 8 cylinders or maybe Holley makes a sit up to switch to all 8 cylinders.
How about pulling the engine and swapping in an LS-1 ?
I’ve watched a lot of your videos and I’ve seen u put 15w 40 in everything pretty much. I was wondering if it would be ok to put that in my 5.7L 350 Chevy I have a 97 Chevy c1500 single cab short bed
I just... how does an auto parts shop's garage NOT HAVE A LIFT? Help me understand.......
Vacuum leaks or concerns
GM has been slapping things together for years I’m not so sure they want it to work I guess the goal is just enough so the warranty runs out
THE best muffler delete ever!!! Who was behind the cam? Thanks for sharing!!!
Why gm would put a computer that controls the fuel that has 1 million connections that get pure filthy thru normal use instead of a tried and true manifold and carb is beyond me!!!!!        You put a quad or a elderbrock on it and it's done and I bet it would put like a kitty!!!!!!
Huge fan of the show Deric!!! I’ve learned so much going back and watching everyone of your square body videos! I like you struggle with electrodigicals. I was wondering if you could give some detailed instructions on how to use a dwell meter on points. I have an old 39 master deluxe I need to put new points on. I know it seems mundane to you but things like using a timing light and what to look for, or just simply how to hook up a lone wolf would be awesome content for an electrical deficient individual like myself!!     Thanks Jason Keep the videos coming, can’t get enough of them!
How many rodent viruses did you get this time, Derek?
carb it or do an LS swap in the parking lot of the local salvage yard, invite local fans to come by and provide tools and info?
2:00:15 - is that THE Goldish Dart?
Could it be that it is not reading any back pressure?  After you cut the exhaust off.
No electric trunk pull down?
How much would you sell it for? I would ls swap that
Well I don’t know if I can Upload a picture on here but I bought a 1973 Ford F-350 Dentside dullay and plan on driving it 350 miles home from Alabama to Louisiana got any advice?
Where is the safety equipment: Ear, Eye and face protection?
Maybe put a small block with a carb?
Was the terminal broccoli used on many models?  Or is this one here just for the 864 nightmare?  34 years later i paid $300 to disable the cylinder deactivate on my 2015... .wow
Check the TBI connectors…I’ve had several early crossfire engines run like shit and had to either re-bend the terminals on the injectors or replace the connectors
Could it be firing 4 cylenders, and dumping fuel for 8 cylinders
Are you folks safe???? Our prayers are with you!
I wonder who was filming?
Take that injection crap off and use a Carborator  ?
For the injectors, before you could stick the screwdriver in to move the plunger you removed a screw, is it possible that this screw is for injector adjustment?
What was the displacement?
I don't know anything about 1981 Cadillacs, but I suspect that the two dots are indicating which buttons to press next (Low and Auto).
Take out all the sh!t and put a new fuel injection system on it or carb.  I would go with the Holly unit fuel injection?
What is the scrap value for this car?
Derek- I'v been watching for several years, and I have never seen you use DeOxit or other tuner cleaner to tidy up your electronix. Most of the stuff you are working on has probably built up oxidation or 'gunk" that limits the flow of electrons needed to make this stuff operate. I have found this with almost anything over five years old and definitely if its over ten. Is there a reason you don't use this stuff? Keep up the good work, it is very  entertaining!
I think you push the driver side knob on the stereo to turn it on?
can I buy this Cadillac from u?🔥
Will the Holley Sniper 2bbl system fit that intake? That could be a cool upgrade
HOW COME I SQUINTED WHEN HE STARTED CUTTING THE MUFFLER OFF?
Like the variable venturi brain storm?
Best options: 1) sell it asap. 2) swap in a 500ci big block Caddy lump and carbs?
no easier way to cut that pipe clean?  LOL
Back again my sister had a white one and I think that one is haunted I know where GM built a motor at does my wife work there at Romulus engine plant and they had problem with them right on the line can you cut them loose where they're only they're running on 8 cylinders only good luck
6 and a half minutes in and my eyes are already going crazy. What's up with that camera lens? Are we filming from the perspective of a fish?
Who’s filming, Derek?  There’s another fella there!
Anyone catch the wire wheels / hubcaps are Olds Delta 88 I believe? Or Regency Brougham?
Derek, what are your thoughts on what to do with this car?
Can you do a simple carb swap? I have 0 knowledge about this engine.
What ac Delco plugs do you use in a sbc?
I'm not a mechanic but, I wonder if spraying a little WD40 around the lip of that oil filter would help loosen it up so it can be removed. WD40 seems to help a lot in loosening up rusted bolts and stuff. Just an idea I had.
What do they do with that little red van with the face on it for
Derik, what’s your criteria for doing these build/drives? Do you have a distance, a potential repair, cost, etc.? I remember in some of your videos you say that they don’t even have a title or registration you’re doing the dirty driving back to wherever you go, which is usually your home. Just curious love the channel, love all of yourefforts and appreciate the time away from your family
Derek, could you please use a gyro camera when moving cam shot. I enjoy all your videos since years ago. But when shooting with moving cam I get almost sea sick.
Don't those TBI's have a fuel pressure regulator in them?  Would that have been the place to look?
I wonder what Wynonna Judd is doing today.
How do you? and just throws the air filter, there you go! LOL! I love this guy.
If you can carb swap it that would be fine, but seems like a lot of electrical gremlins.
I don’t know if I’m feeling the camera person thing….
i think the lower orings on injectors should have fit into the grooves that are in the necked down portion of tbi.   You had them correctly located but then took them out and slid them on the injector , fuel is leaking by the injector from the fuel supply reservoir around the injector
Carb swap and then let's see how many hoses and wires can be deleted!
Well, too bad, it didn´t wanna run..  Anyways, just throw in a blown big block of some sort, add a pair of slicks, and lets see how that turns out!?. :D
How come the trunk wouldn't stay up by itself the trunk lid LOL I just noticed things
I noticed those are oldsmobile hubcaps I need for my 1983 olds 98 can we strike a deal on those
With how clean most of that car is I'd like to see if you could find an adaptor plate and get a Holley EFI system in there. Then you could sell it for more or find some other purpose for it.
It appears to be the same tbi or similar the 4.3 S10 had.  Why not swap it over to that setup.  Keep the fuel injection and have something that works.
Maybe resetting the computer clears the error codes. Once set, those codes goof everything up. PCMs are extremely robust in their construction; the chances of the computer being "bad" are not great. The computer relies heavily on sensors to tell it how to behave. If the sensors are wonky the computer will act crazy.
try the duster down the street maybe ?
Engine swap?  Chevy small block maybe? much more reliable
I wonder if the fuel line routing was wrong and it was delivering fuel through the return side
Wasn't it Mel Gibson in Waterworld?
LS swap it, they don't need oil or coolant, mebbe allison trans, or is it wrong to call a transmission a trans now?
How does Oreilly not have a lift for this guy
Did you get a dedicated camera guy? Or gal, i guess, but i swear i heard the camera guy laugh... Great video!
Out of breath watching you remove the cat and muffler😅  And, those are OLDSMOBILE knockoff hubcaps. Really??
Was the cameraman prepared for Derek's mannerisms and antics? He held his composure well.
Before you do anything with it see if you can get some new injectors or a whole different tbi unit and put on it. Maybe it’s the injectors sticking open sometimes and not sticking open other times. You can’t let this thing beat you lol.
great watching. just wondering how good the extraction is in that workshop
Also, can’t help but wonder since the catalytic converter is gone and there’s no muffler, could it be a (lack of) back pressure issue? Or is that only in diesels?
I love your stuff it’s always great! One question though and by all means I know very little… why not try new injectors since you thought maybe the screwdriver may have damaged them? Thanks again for all the great videos!
Curious if Derek ever walked away from reviving a car?🤨
So what would you rather find, mouse turds or tbi's??
why, do you still do things on jack stands?
See if you can get Holley to sponcer a conversion to a sniper 2. If that's even possible .cheers.
Can you not hook up a scan tool / DRB (2) to see what the check engine light is doing?
Film crew? Is this unused footage from the TV show? Totally different feel when the camera is moving and zooming
Do you ever tell the camera guy or yourself to turn the camera off and then have a complete melt down? I think everyone that works on cars loses it once in awhile…
If possible, how bout aftermarket EFI?
That looked like a milwaukee angle grinder, but it had a blue battery? Anyone know what kind?
The ignition control module on the distributor seems to be the issue causing the injector pulse to occur for more than the allotted few seconds on key forward prime.
One injector is choke and the other is run? That how it was on my 85 Isuzu PuP.
Can you put a fuel filter on a return line in order to keep from sending junk to the new tank?
LS swap for luxury over potency?
Could do a raffle with the car??
Camera is really shakey in this one? Love your channel regardless!
Maybe just dump some meeses in there and let them fix that wiring for you. That should also fix any computer issues.
What if fuel in exhaust ignites?
Derek why are you not wearing your safety gear? Are you trying to become blind and deaf?
Where's Betty White when you need her?
why?
Did you find the MAP sensor issue? Go ahead and upgrade to a 5 bar since you’ll have to replace it
Wondering did the cat delete included an o2 sensors delete as well … missing computer info for fuel mixture ?
Is it going to be part 2 too this
In 81 would you just unhook the battery to clear everything?  Make it a demo derby car.
Did you check the map sensor, and the TBI you can get one off a pickup late 80’s and early 90’s
Am I on the wrong channel?! Where's the weeds and the trees and the fields and the critters , and is that car almost brand and new, where's the go faster holes and weight saving holes and the ruyst and the cracked windshield and...?!
Who is the new camera person?
Oh my God your cameraman made me so motion sick. What happened to you just putting your camera on a tripod or whatever so all those movements doesn’t make someone so motion sick
where are your safty goggles and hearing protection?
....computer must be functioning or it wouldn't signal to FP to run at all no?.....as earlier poster said.....coolant/temp sensors screw a lot of things up...TPS too..is there a Idle control valve...air flow meter?....always an education for us....thanks....
The cat sensor might be the issue
Hell, what about ripping everything off that big block 368 that you don’t need and installing a Holly Sniper EFI system then run a dual exhaust and call it a day? I bet it would turn out to be a pretty decent cruiser.
Who’s the camera man ?? Did a great job
Wandering if it is O2 sensor since the muffler were clogged it carbon up the O2 so bad,the computer can’t get a reading.
I am wondering about the temp sensor. If that's bad the ECM will read constant -40° F and fuel accordingly
Why don’t you just cut the clamp off the muffler where it attaches to the pipe?
How close were you to just letting it burn at the end? Lol
Carb 454 swap, or trailer it to Demo Ranch?
Love these long episodes. Gives me a longer bit of escapism.This looks a tough build and I’m definitely not looking at comments on what happens! Oh the trepidation!!
“Filter?” I thought it was pronounced “filtrè.”
LS swap candidate?
I don't know if a carburetor would  fix this but if it would lets see a video of that
About 3/4 thru the video, where the selenoids are clicking. Move the throttle back and forth. I believe that's like a variable resiter. Probably has crosion build up
How much would the scrap value be for this cream puff?
Ok, I am 1 hour and 38 minutes in and I am feeling your pain. Are you sure you didn’t secretly film my son and my self’s adventure in getting a 1996 Lincoln Town car running after it sat for 10 years with a tankful of ethanol fuel?? Time for a wobble pop and a little rest and relaxation!!!
Big block swap or Les swap the pain in the arse
Wonder if you could use one of those computer testers..? Pex
Why not put a fuel filter ahead of the injectors?  You can the catch any junk in the fuel line instead of flushing the fuel line right into the injectors.
Where's the air filter?
Maybe because the Alternator is not charging, it ain't sending enough voltage to the Computer.  Just a thought.
Carb swap that Thang maybe put a blow through carb with a procharver I don't know!!!
You asked why TBI didn't last. It's a descent option to add injection and fuel trim to an older block as it's basically just a "smart" carburetor. But you can't adjust the fuel trim cylinder by cylinder, so some will always be a bit off unless you have a rats-ass perfect fuel distribution through the manifold.
What about putting a new model EFI swap, like you would use to convert a carb car to EFI? As for getting the seat back. While setting in the seat, hit the switch while pushing back and "sometimes the seat would go back.
It could be working properly but the fact that the exhaust is cut and thus causing the o2 sensor to read a ton of oxygen, it's dumping a ton of fuel as it thinks the air/fuel ratio is lean.  Coolant temp is probably still reading cold so it won't enter the official closed loop mode, but if it's anything like the LS generation ecus, they still have some that are programmed to have the short term fuel trims function from o2 sensor feedback when the engine is cold or still in "open loop."
I thought all Caddy’s were front wheel drive after ‘67? Or was that Eldorados?
What should you do with it? Give it to Cadillac Dan for a Christmas present!
That thing needs a 572 with a 14-71 blower. Those early EFI setups were unreliable when new. Let the thing sit for a couple decades, nightmares will ensue. Worse, the available data necessary to diagnose issues is like unearthing the Holy Grail. Kinda wondering if the wide open exhaust wasn't messing with the 02 sensor and throwing the ECU into some kind of hissy fit.
Show us a carb swap!
Who was running the camera?
Anybody else solo air guitar the intro song?
Can a guy get a scan tool or Master ASC Certified mechanic? Lol
Who is on the cam? Whoever it is they doing a good job. Making it more enjoyable to watch.
Paul from Fab Rats is converting an LS 5.3 with a kit that stops the 8/6/4 non sense. l wonder if theres a delete kit for those old ones and what juice newton is doing today?
carb conversion or new efi
I'd like to see a carb swap see if u can get her going she's mint in the inside and outside seems like it's just the engine
When ever has a wet willy not worked? (referring to tho O ring thing)
I'd like to see if a computer change would help 🤠
How did this car get so rusty under the hood?
WTH is with all the commercials
What would it take to strip that engine to the bare metal and try to make it a regular v8
Wouldn't the car digicals primarily run on the chargelator, whilst it boils the battery, in that 80s technology whizz  thingy?
Derek do you think since the alternator isn't charging right there might be a problem getting the right amps to some of the 300 different sensors maybe? That possibly could be one reason it won't run right?
You're one very brave guy trying to tackle that antique MDS. Is there a way of deleting the MDS and going for a full time 8 banger?
Who's filming
Has anyone, instead of putting the filler panel back in, just frenched(recessed in) the tailights and bumper?
Was this car flooded under water? Certainly looks that way
Is Jessica filming these now?
What next?  A 350 small block diesel?
Wrong fuel pump & pressure too high?
Is it possible to put an older engine in it ?
Derek, where did you get your patience from? Is that brake drum still rolling down the road?
Is that the green and black toolbox from hobo freight I've been drooling over?
Would love to see either a carburetor added and does Holley offer a fuel injection kit?..    The car seems clean and should be saved.    Although my favorite year for most all gm products was 1979
Reilly Auto can’t offer a guy a lift to work under?
Ive watched you test for gears before, wondering what magic kept those drums/ discs on. I always throw an oversized nut under a lug nut on each drum or they will dly off every time for me.
A feller can delete on the 8-6-4 if so inclined? Just get under those Valve Covers and change out with earlier Year Rockers. FYI
A feller felt strange watching Derek have a camera operator on a revival.  I mean, I got used to it on Road Worthy Rescues, but this?  Is he moving on up to the East Side???  :)
Maybe the Meeces have chewed the wiring to pieces.
can you not just pull the ecm fuse for 15 secs
Wait someone is filming him 😮
Is it just me or did the cameraman forget to pull the safety plastic thingy off the lens? Got that weird soft focus thing going on.
I have no clue, but wondering if the injectors(1orboth) are shorted..  that was an issue with GM and maybe others in the 80s-90's. that or something like the capacitors died in the electronics
With the charging issue may be causing all the other issues. Not enough charge in the battery to run all the electronics
Are you supposed to send 13 volts to a fuel pump ??
Computer messing up cause not charging?
Did you ever actually change the throttle positioning sensor or did you just talk about changing it? Also you could check voltage at the injector connectors to see if they are indeed pushing 12 volts to the connectors constantly during startup or if the fuel injectors are just letting fuel blow by on their own without power indicating a bad constantly open injector getting stuck open or held open without power
Maybe a demolition derby car? Would probably feel pretty good to see the thing all smashed up and going to the scraper…. Or just cut your loses and sell it
Sell it or engine swap it maybe? Seems like such a huge pain.
OK here's a question, who is holding the camera for Derek? I just noticed it's moving around, usually he has it on a tripod, is it Jessica, or a perk of filming at O'Reilly?
I just tried buying some merch and the website said it cannot process my card information, then proceeded to charge my card, I entered my account info for a second time, was charged again and still hit with “cannot be processed”, anyone else have this issue? It’s taken 100 bucks from me and id really like to get my merch and money for the second charge back
So who was doing the (fine) camera-work? (cue the "He told ya at x minutes and 43.6 seconds!" 🙂)
Was there a scan tool in '81 to see what the computer is doing, or thinks it's doing?
New burnout car?
With all you went through getting it to run, why bring up the fact of those being Oldsmobile Royal hubcaps.
Maybe since alternator is bad it doesn’t have enough juice too run the computer
Why doesn’t a guy use truck ramps instead of jack stands? They are safer and can lift the car higher if you buy the right ones.
what's all that hi quality camera-operator-nice colors stuff?!
Will this one be Barry White?
Have you considered putting a Holly Sniper Fuel Injection System on that car?
The body is in really great shape, would it be possible to motor swap it to something without all the digacals and maybe do it as a giveaway?
Great video Derek, can you change the fuel injection to a standard carb if you don't want to mess about with all of the computer stuff
Are you guys okay? Were you affected by the tornadoes that were going through Tennessee?
Is it wrong to laugh when Derek gets sparked ? Cos I did 😁
Is it possible to just delete the V8-6-4 malarky?
I wonder if those bumper fillers can be 3D printed easily.   I am sure there would be market since those just disappear on all those Cadillacs.
Who is the cameraman?
How different was that TBI than one you'd see in a post 86 Chevy 350? Kinda surprised A1 Cardone didn't offer a rebuilt one, or if it was possible to scavenge the injectors from a chevy one.
Id like to see what you have to do to get it running with the original set up
Did you try connecting positive and sad together for a bit to reset
I wonder why she's got Oldsmobile hubcaps?
I wonder if Betty White had a misfit younger brother as well...
When in doubt check the codes. Google paper clip code reader.
Carb swap simple form ?!?! Good luck
Throttle position sensor ?
Why is Derek not in his own garage the past few vids?
Wonder if the computer stopped working correctly due to the voltage dropping with no charging whirler and it didn't know what to do (not that it knew in the first place)
Future plans?  Gonna rip the fuel injection out and convert it to conventional 4 barrel carb?
Why?  That is a very good question...
I'm wondering who's crazier. The person who thought of the V8-6-4, the people who approved it, or the guy who tried to fix it. Good on ya Derek, rather you than me 🙂😎
How does camera guy keep it together? lmao
Can I guy just do a carb swap?
Did he check the temp sensor it would drive them crazy lol
How about you engine swap it?! Drop in a 6.0 LS. other than the crappy GM electronics, the rest of the car is nice!
Derek! Check coolant temp sensor resistance. Had same issue on old tbi 350 and when it goes bad it defaults to like -50 degrees so it will dump way too much fuel and flood
What's the opposite of a Casper? This haunted car sure isn't friendly.
Do you ever get stopped by a cop while trying to get the various cars home?
How much laughter from the camera person did they remove? I have to imagine this is the first time a host has snorted 8 pounds of mice house and then hocked it onto the floor like a cat
Turbo Ls swap? Fast boat sounds like fun
I wonder if the computer or chips out of the pickup trucks in that era would work with all the displacement stuff disconnected. Carb swap tine
What kind of work light is on that hood?
How in the heck did that drum come flying off ?
I wonder if a combination of that tool and softening those creases with a torch would have made the job easier
funny a GM with a bad fuel pump?  Didn't they finally fix this issue in.... oh wait they haven't fied that one yet.
anyone know what VGG does with all these cars once running?
Just a thought. Could you just replace the engine with something easy like a carburetored 350?
How did it rain under the hood
What is with this bad habit of “safety squint?” Didn’t you learn your lesson with the last eye injury?
DAMN! What an absolute nightmare!  How about an LS swap on this one?
Im am by no means a mechanic. Could you rip all the crap out, put in a Holley Sniper? Leave it full time V8? Derek, thank you so much! For bringing us all this enjoyment.
All the mice living in the tailpipe and muffler. Makes a fella (and fellet) wonder why the mice didn't just chew up all the wires. Only thing I can figure is they were just exhausted all the time.
Has anybody suggested an LS swap and/or putting it in the burnout competition?
Hilarious as usual, great job! as for the caddy? I'm pretty sure when she started on fire, ida just stepped back and let her burn.
How is it some kid on the street can remove a cat in 2 minutes?  :)
i wonder if those injectors need replacing . i'd like to see a carb conversion....but, other than that, its a good GM V8 block, and drive line.  it seems the transmission works.  but that early digital cylinder cancellation isn't doing you any favors. that   idea was ahead of the computer technology of time ... ... especially  when the Commodore 64 was considered  high speed. putting  that car back  to original is a long day.  easier to rip it apart and make it into a super drift car.    😁p.s. your patience is remarkable. i would not have lasted that long.
Seems like a decent vehicle in need of a heart transplant but why, that is the question.
Its a cool old coupe, with some horrible tbi... Would be cool to see if holley could help you make that thing run as it was intended.
Hey Derek, do you ever swear off camera? I do whenever I'm working on cars and I get frustrated when everything seems to go wrong. Great episode as usual, thank you.
Maybe time for a new engine LS engine or a normal 350 engine
Did a feller and his family survive the nasty weather in your part of the country yesterday 12-9. Saw some tornaders whipped through Tenn. Did you ever finish your storm room in the garage? Hope yall are safe.
I'm not sure how common it is for this era, but my '90s vehicles have had leaking capacitors in the ECM wreak havoc on me.
Is it still a Cadillac even without the Cadillac Converter?? Inquiring minds wanna know.
A good looking car........ LS or LT swap? Or big block with Magnum supercharger? Love all you do!!
Do you like fuel injected cars
Maybe the alternator not charging is affecting the digicals?
Could it be possible that the fuel pump wiring could be wrong??
Do a carb swap on it
Derek, what happened to your camera lens? ;)
im sitting here watching your video wearing my vgg hoodie if you need my help just ask lol
sometimes you had to take the tank out to take them to the junk yard,make you wonder
I wonder if this early OBD system had any way to read codes? I remember early 90s fords you could jump two pins and the CEL would flash in morse code ( I still remember 3-3-2 was insufficient egr flow detected) While some curse the complexity of modern cars at least the codes can give you lots of clues. I guess this may have been before the technology was there.
may be just hook up the drivers side sprayer..like a 4bbl. only 2 work..
Hey, how about an LS swap?
What honestly makes you put in the most work and most new parts to the most random of cars. is mainly like rust free examples just get all the love or mainly cause you like it. cause you have done some amazing revives on some pretty killer rides you just made work not putting a bunch of stuff on.
Dealership troubleshooting manual?  One of my half uncles was an engineer at Cadillac and I vaguely remember him mentioning that engine, but I was too young to remember exactly what he said.
Bad computer or the Eprom chips inside the computer need to be re seated. I'm pretty sure Cadillac had updated Eproms for these in late 1981 and were only specific to that year.
Is it for sale???
What’s that Holley fuel injection kit called again? Throw one of them on it.
The car is in amazing shape, pride of the 80s interior. But what in the devil is wrong with head liners in general? Why can't head liners be of the same quality as the rest of the interior. Mysterious!
i got it what is the price of scrap right now ?? yard art ?? anyone having a monster truck car cushing i don.t know for sale 500 bucks  ????
is this found footage from Derek's garage witch project? Love the show and all that you do!
Maybe the oxygen sensor is fouled? Or something with the TPS or IAC valve?
Did you hire Michael J Fox as your camera man? Real Shaky Lol
Who's your camera man boss? He oor she is doing well
Would like to see a carb retro fit done to the tbi 368. Something ive never seen and not sure if its possible as most would yank the 4-6-8 and dropped in a 500/472/425.
Stressful just watching. I'd like to see something furthur with this Caddy. Carb swap or engine swap? Would you have to do some deletion on 4-6-8 valve holding closers?
Is that the same missfire/crossfire engine they put in the 84 Corvette? Or a variant of it.
TWO hours of VGG. Can life get any better?
good attempt Derek on the ol land yacht..how bout a carby swap on her?
Um, Derek? As you are being hosted by O'Rieley, why aren't you in a garage with a hoist?
See if Holly will sponsor to put a Sniper EFI on it. Would love to see it on that car. It's too nice to just sell off not running. No telling what the next person will do to it.
Does the sound keep going of and on?  Or is it just me?
Are those injectors different part numbers? Did you accidentally swap them left to right?
My question is did you have to call your wife to come get you?
Could it be a rubber hose?
I see it has anti theft cats  ?
Derek how many times have had to have metal removed from your eyes grinder without a guard 😂 been there done it myself 😂😂😂
A guy's got a hunch that the pump is pushing 60ish psi instead of the 12 it needs maybe?
I had a 1979 Eldorado I got in 1992. Same over engineered piece of junk. What should you do with it? Have it crushed. It's a feel good thing.
Does holy make a throttle Body computer Replacement system for that engine jest a thought  my friend
hey derek whys my lunch taste like gasoline?
A massive vacuum leak ? Or small pain in the ass one !!!!!
Did this episode seem more stressful than most? lol
Did anyone notice that the hubcaps are off an Oldsmobile?
Did u check the windscreen washer pump? Asking for a friend
How about putting a modern EFI setup on this Caddy? Fulfill it's original mission as a Fuel Injected car.
Is this camera guy from Law and Order?
Not a Bad Price but fuel Tank Hmmmmm
Now ya think O'Reillys would have provided a fella with a dang lift,so you wouldnt have to be all over the danged floor..smh I feel for ya Derek..😞
What are you calling this car Decker? .......... "Christine"?
I spent the last third of the video looking for the Microsoft Windows sticker under your hood.  Did you try running Windows Update to fix the computer problem?  Haha.  Maybe convert it to Caddy-buntu in the future? 🙃
I wonder how many ground points for the ECM are rotted off the chassis or engine grounds somewhere?    Probably a bunch... 🤷
same TBI as an S10 V6?
I can't decide  trailer or crusher ?
Did anyone else get 60 seconds of ads every 10 min or just me. I stg YouTube is about to make me loose my mind.
Do you remember the 4100 motors on some of the 1980s Caddys? They froze up after so long. Was it the aluminum heads that did this? I had a beautiful Caddy Fleetwood from the 80s and it had the GM 4100 lock=up engine problem. I finally sold it to a man that was going to put another motor in it.
What work light is that?
Why r white Cadillacs haunted? Ghostbusters.
Are you getting spark on all of the cylinders
Looks like my 1st car a white on white 86 Fleetwood it had the 307 olds motor though loved that car this one not so much that motor is weird got a feller thinking why in the world
I dont know if it helps but i only shop at orielly now for brick and mortar car parts
Why aren't grinders reversible?!? I've been asking for 40 years!
Was a lot of fun working on this here vehicle. It's a fine specimen. No worries. Say are there any sort of cliffs around here a guy could maybe accidentally roll heavy objects off of? Preferably with some really deep, deep water at the bottom that's too polluted to swim or fish in? Just asking for a friend, if you know what I mean.....
Could any of the issues be because of faulty injectors? Maybe there are seals inside that got damaged and that's why they're dumping so much fuel??
Also does it have a dual function temp switch
😂That brake drum thing was hilarious ask me how I know. Yep been there.
who's camera man or woman also a lil rag or paper towels to block things from falling in...I know it's not as exciting. BUT
Do I see a new burnout vehicle coming soon?
Wrong cover sheet on the TPS report?
The Cadillac V8-6-4: if 2020 was an engine.
Install a carb? Holley sniper or better yet, install a 90’s corvette LT1 engine/transmission? Replace the 4/6/8 with opti spark! lol…although, once you get to know opti spark, it’s pretty simple stuff. Keep the caddy and change motor? 501? 472? 455? A nice different motor you haven’t built on your channel yet?
New burnout car?
maybe   possibly    a  timing  issue..........also........because  it  back fired  into   throttle body,,,,,,,,,,,,,,caught  fire
Oldsmobile hub caps?  I Love this Caddy!
What is a Bat tree
Mr Derek May I ask what's up with road worthy rescue  or am Way behind The times
12 years, is this the one where Derek finally has brakes?
Have you ever had a jack stand fail or any close calls?
Why do you not make your own gaskets?
If you are by yourself, who is videoing?
Troubleshooting to get it running 👍
Requesting the camera operator wobble a bit less. It's nice that I can always see what Derek is doing, i just need the image to be more stable. Maybe someone forgot to stabilize it in editing?
Why did you put the fire out?
U screwed up the injectors,   rember the screww u removed to get to the pin to make them click?  Those are the same as air feul mix screws on a carb, the injectors are full open,  need to be put on a computer and reset
Oh no! There’s a big metal thing, WHAT DOES THAT DO!?🤣
Where are yer ear plugs and safety glasses?
Betty White 2.0?  Also, any plans to write a book like, 'How to talk Vice Grip Garage.' A guy love the dialect!
Almost getting smokey in there !?!?
So what was the issue you were playing with wires and it all the sudden was running ?
Great video Derek ,just wondering and praying 🙏 you weren't affected by the tornadoes that went through Tennessee this evening Saturday.
Nobody warned him ? How could he know 😢.😊
Is it possible to bypass the whole TBI system and just run 8 cylinders. I mean gas mileage smash smilage
My melon still hurts from dealing with one of these piles some 30 years ago. Eeeek! The flashbacks! The thermostat housing design was just.... i still don't know what to say other than.... why???!!!
would still like to know what is actually causing this issue
On TBI injectors, usually the screw on top changes the flow rate, it sets the end stop for the armature and thus the maximum solenoid stroke. There are two adjustments that are usually factory set, between the two they set the injector flow rate and the offset time (opening time - closing time). I’m not sure if you got that top screw in the right place but if the injector is constructed like most TBI units I’ve seen, the fuel flow might be off if it isn’t set right.
Derek... dude, did you really vomit at 10:05 ? (Sounds severe through headphones). If so, that was quite the accomplished recovery 👏
Wow! You kept going WAY longer than I would. I have wondered if there was anything that would tick you off and after all that nothing, I believe I have my answer.
Is this what doing revivals in 2065 will look like?
Why don't you have an engine so you can read the codes and find the
Like looking under the hood of a 87 Buick Grand National  huh Derek  ?😏
see if you can drag it home and carb swap it.
Ok did you try unplugging the 02 sensor.....sometimes that helps......
Will she do a burn-out? Independence Cadillac.
You want to know how to fix that 864 engine? You rip it out and you put an LS in it
Maybe,,,,the battery in the brain can’t hold a spark..cut the power it resets,,keep the power it fizzles. Radio shack ?😮😢😂 quality yoga on the aft section,,,
Did you get some thermal freckles when you were cutting the muffler off? 😆😂
Soooo what made it idle ? without stalling ?
Can you do the paper clip trick and get a code from the check engine light
Carb / Blower LS swap, make it a burnout rig?
I'm wondering if the injectors got stuck open with a screwdriver massage.. I wonder if you could just throw a new set of injectors in it. And see if that would make a difference.. I know at this point I would be ready to jerk the engine out and drop something else in, Literally anything else. I would like to see an update video tho
My 305 had that Tbi and I had issues with the injectors replaced it all ran great before it barely ran could be the same issue
Man that car is clean..Hope you get those issues worked out.. Any possible way someone could 3 D print you some new plastic bumperettes?  Keep up the awesome work there brother..👍👍
Why is there a space between the tail light and the body?
1:43:00 someone put the 460ci TBI injectors on a 289ci TBI?
Caddy looks in good shape from what we can see on camera but how much time, effort and money? Do you really like Caddies that much?
We did not knw what to do with them 42 years ago, should we do now ??*
This episode seemed different, are you being directed now?
What about an LS swap?
Who is recording?
Do a carb switch and a computer!
Derik, good thing that wasn’t the captain’s side, with that drum that fell off? The back of your leg wouldn’t have felt to good?👍
I don't know how you do it Derek, I was throwing F bombs and I wasnt even working on it.   How many did you edit out??  LOL   Love watching you dude!!!   Keep'm coming!!
what is your fuel pressure? maybe wrong pump or bad regulator.
Can you retrofit a Holley EFI?
Could do another Holley EFI conversion….the engine itself is OK, but the electronics are malaise-era crap that was spotty at best when new. The displacement-on-demand junk is just that….usual dealer fix was to unplug the solenoids.     Either that, or can the whole driveline and LS-swap the thing….the car itself looks to be in good condition.
I dont know if it would be the issue but it seems the lower o-rings on the injectors went in wrong. Maybe bypassing fuel straight in.
Oldsmobile hubcaps?
Im confused, since when did a guy get a camera person, that, him, her, it, they , whatever . It scares me, that change that is. Not sure if it means changes to the channel and just how far those changes will go. Over the years ive seen far many beloved channels started making "improvements" which ended up losing the soul of the show. I don't think i could handle losing vice grip and family, and before i get jumped on for being premature, change happens somewhere and starts with small things. Anyhow, on with the show...
I wonder if it is not running right because the O2 sensors
45:00    Is that "pin thing" called a "Pintle" or something like that?  🤔  I don't know, I'm not a fuel injection guy.. 🤷  Gimme a carburetor.... THEY make complete sense to me, and I'm happy. 😁
When did you start working for power nation  Dereck?
It looked like you forgot one of the gaskets on the throttle body unit,  it's by itself on the back passenger side.  Could you not do a paper clip in the obd1 port to flash codes or did it not have that.   A voltmeter to check tps, map,  and ect sensors would have been beneficial.  Those sensors have most impact,  o2 doesn't do much and doesn't even rule into the strategy until after it's been running a while and under certain conditions.
Were they reliable after having the nannies deleted?
@derick , I heard the zinc in rotella t6/7? Syn was not the same as the zinc in modern oils ? I used to run the OG rotella in my Audi turbo cars , how do you feel about the new rotella in Di motors ? Thanks 🍻
How about changing the fuel filter to go along with that new tank? Maybe replacing both injectors also.
Northstar?
LS SWAP or just sell to the junkyard
Carb swap it and see if she goes
Those this steel seat rings that you may have omitted, it possibly permitting fuel to bypass the injectors, and pouring into the engine.
is that a Brougham?
How did you do that with no profanity? I'm impressed,
I was wondering if the old man wouldn’t surrender the keys so the family yanked the gas tank?
Got a new Camera man? Good job great video
Bet u got that one cheap? No body wants them for a good reason !
Who in the devil was filming??!!  A guy was getting dizzy watching
Who is running the camera
Could it be a bad ground between block and frame?
😳👎🏽 BARRY WHITE …?  BETTY’S MO BETER 😎 After 46 commercials (4 @ time) IDK WTH are you trying to do? Please wear Safety Goggles. 🎄🙏🏼
I must fastforword. Did u send it 2 the crusher?so many good old ones you could work on!  1972 and older is the tickit!
So mice moved the insulation from under hood to inside exhaust?  They went in and out of the tail pipe?
A fella wonders if there was a way to bypass the old cpu and switch to that holley efi system you used before I'm no mechanic just a loyal watcher...so put the boss hog horns on it and ls swap turbo supercharger a maker that dip and do lots of donuts with boys for new years thanks for the videos and laughs
You gotta fix it, cause I want to know what the issue is!! lol
Isn't that the same TBI as the 88-98 CK trucks?
And you wonder why we were drank so much in the 80s 🤣🤣🤣
What to do with it???? How about 400lbs. Of Tanerite 😂
Did I hear tannerite was an option?
Injectors?
Do a carb swap, I have a TBI on my truck and thought about doing a carb swap, but I don't know how to do it
Was the camera man Micheal J. Fox?
A friend of mine actually did a template to 3d print the rear bumper material at the tail lights. They fit perfectly on his 87 Brougham. Wondering if they are the same. I sent him your video so he can get a hold of you to try them. He printed his from some flexible PLA and sanded them smooth.  Couldn’t tell they were 3d printed after painted.  He can probably do the fronts too
When are you gonna learm!!!???      Everything will work much gooder when you turn your hat around!!!   😁
Who won the 73 ?
Is this car related to Betty White maybe her nephew
Did you guys have any tornado problems? Everyone OK?
I wonder who is doing the camera thing
If there was ever a case for a LS swap...
Is this Betty white 2.0?
Interested in buying it do you have a number it would look nice next to my 84 Cadillac
Are u happy u paid money  4 that? I think no!
Haunted? No, this thing has more ghosts than ghosts busters would want to take on! You gave it a good shot!
Wait... who was the movable tripod?.. awesome camera work followin a feller around❤
Did you think to check the high speed muffler bearing???
Bank 2 spark plugs? C'mon Man!
Derek how many batteries have you bought in the past 5 years? Lol
How do you get every car so cheap? I want to know!
Hmmm..I was a wet behind the ears tune up technician starting out in '84 when these cars were just aging out of their dealership lives and moving into the realm of independent garages...saw more than a few of 'em. Spark plugs are actually pretty simple on these, you jack 'em up and go in thru the wheel well with a 3 foot extension.. The 4-6-8 had a piss poor rep and a lot of jokes were made, but I honestly don't recall them being any worse than any of the other barges GM was hustling in that era.. I moved on from the tune up shop to a local Pontiac/GMC/Toyota(?) dealer in '87, one of the bodymen there had one, and it lived well into the nineties, had a few hundred K on it as I recall..rode like a cloud, handled like an ore freighter..
Where are your safety glasses???
How much do you want for it Derek? I'd ;ove to have that old boat!
Was that battery bad the whole time?
I don’t know what was better/worser, that terminator broccoli injection fiasco or the muffler removal.
EGR valve. I do not know if it is the problem but it is a problem. I noticed it is un hooked.
This is just a thought 1994 chevy 454 had tbi injection wonder if you can use the tbi and ecm maybe have to wire the ecm to work. Well probably easier to carb swap it.
Happen to have an old 396 hanging around?
I don't know if this is similar to how the computer-controlled carburetors worked in the 1980s, but I remember that my 1981 Buick Electra with the Olds 307 and a computer controlled Quadrejet would dump fuel when the O2 sensor was plugged in because the catalytic convertor was missing, and they designed some of their systems to rely on the backpressure that the convertor provided. When I put a convertor back on, it started fueling much more reliably.
52:46 didn't you forget the metal rings, that you took out?  nice that you have a camera-feller/-fellette now btw. it's really a differnet level, thanks!
So Derrick has a camera person now! Where is he at?
How long is this wagon? it looks about 16ft +
A revival in an Oriellys garage?  I am sure you’ll figure it out. Goodbye.
Who else squints and turns slightly away while the grinder went to work on the exhaust?
Anyone else think it's strange having the camera guy following D around? Kinda Feels like I'm watching the old tv show trucks or something.
Overalls?!...well well well Mr.Fancypants, what's next a dinner jacket and a tie?
So Derek, here's my question, does that letter apply to anyone that has 1 of those cars that still have under 50k on the motor?,, cuz we know there are some still out there with under 50k on the motor
Why does the camera keep moving?  It makes my head hurt.  PS.  LOVE YOU DEREK!
I'm an hour and 45 minutes in, I see Derek struggling with this Caddy dumping fuel, and my first instinct is that the coolant temp sensor is bad, showing -40F to the ECM, and making it dump fuel. Let's see if I am right, or one of the other 274 antiquated electrical control systems is at fault.
Could be a coolant temp sensor bad or Unplug. efi really need those sensor or it will think its -40° and flood. my LT1 1996 impala SS had a bad connector or the coolant temp and sometime it would runs like shit and smoke black at the tail pipe until it died. wasn't easy to find since it was doing that out of nowhere rarely.
I wonder if you could just tuck that bumper right up in there close to the body how that would look
Ow what
Is he really tasting the oil and why?
That is a long reach over the fenders to the engine plus hood does not open enough.
Do a carb swap and drive it home and dual exhaust 🤔
who caught the Office Space movie reference????
The 81 coupe deville is a good LOOKING car,   ....why not LS swap it and make it what it should have been.
How can anyone look at this complicated mess and tell me that modern cars aren’t better.
How about a mid 60 Ford truck 2 barrel for a 352 V8. Do something.
I wonder if a manifold and a carb off a 1980 would fit.
Fuel injector cleaner would have been better then a screw driver ?
Who is your camera person?
How on God's green earth did your camera person keep from laughing out loud when you were removing the muffler???? 😅😅😅
13:06 Derek..... Did you get the memo on the TPS reports?????   If you could attach the cover letter to all of the TPS reports that would be just grrreeeat!
What about those people who steal catalytic cons. They're in and out in minutes. They don't have this much trouble...
Dont you have a spare LS laying around?? It would be reliability with a good engine.
Isn’t that how the plague was spread? Mouse stuff. The brake drum was trying to get away.
Seat close to the steering wheel?  Probably driven by circus little people.
Derek, have you tried KROIL ??   I bit the bullet and bought a 12oz can for like $28 or so !!!!!!    but, I do think it is better than PB Blaster, which is of course, as you know, VERY GOOD !!!!    I just wish it would get more popular, so I could buy it local......
I'm curious how they cut the tank straps off the tank without cutting into the tank since those are right up ON the tank.  Seems like that would have been tougher than cutting a bolt on the straps or just undoing the bolt.  It's like they went around the back of their head to scratch their nose.
At what point did you start thinking about a refund your money ❤
How can the camera person keep a straight face while filming, i would be laughing my butt off.
Why so long of a vid
I think cause the fuel pump is cut out the injectors arent grounding?
How'd you get your tripod to move around keeping you in view? Another great video!
Who actually won the exhaust fight? Derek or Cadillac?
Hey Derek when will your sunglasses be back in stock?
632 big block would be better...9second drag build ??
Can't you just unhook the digicals and run all 8 cylinders?
Put a Carb on it, one them new fancy distributers forget the 8 6 4 and drive her home?
Who did the camera work? I was starting to get dizzy five minutes into the video?
The V8-6-4 must be like an early version of GM’s current AFM system? It’s a neat idea but from personal experiences, AFM still has kinks that need worked out
who was the camera operator?
You were in Springfield and didnt come over for a cold snack?..Ill be dipped
Does anyone know if there is a performance rear end that will bolt in from a different division of GM ?
Can you steal your own catalytic converter? Feller should get a small fortune for that honk’n thing
WTH you actually tasted that oil? I can see it on your tounge. I always thought you were just faking it.
I wonder if you could move the tail lights and bumper in, rather than reinstalling the spacers ?
Do you still have  Betty white  the 1970 cadillac  sedan deville
Betty White Jr. ?
Not sure if this is a first for Derek, but doing a revival on a cement floor.
dont mean to be negative nancy, the new camera non stop zoom in and out is a bit much?
How does that work 45000 views in the first hour it's posted when the video is 2 hours long wtf?
Is it just me or is it weird watching the video with someone else recording.
Why was that in missouri if it was from livingston
I wonder what randy travis is doing
Here's a big thing. What does that do?😆I love it! That's exactly how I'd fix it. That engine is very intimidating!
How about a little fire Scarecrow?!
You wonder why V8-6-4 is that the little engine running on 6 cylinder or 4 cylinder on the highway general motors had done this to save gasoline.
Is this not the same as displacement on demand that they brought back? I bought an old police car 13 Caprice ppv l77 motor that i just took the cam out r And replaced it with a stage 2 Cam
We're im at we're about to get are first O'Reilly's, I wonder how competitive the pricing is.
How does Jessica not talk to you while filling? She is so good
So who won the Duster?
Could you imagine if it was under 50k miles and you roll into a dealership to claim warranty work?? 😂
I've only just started the video, and I've seen almost every "will it run and drive home" videos.  But correct me if I'm wrong, is this the first video/production that has it's own dedicated camera man?  I'm sure on previous videos Derek wasn't the only person on scene with recording but I don't remember an actual dedicated cameraman following him throughout the revival.  I bet this makes the editing and all of the tri-pod placements, cameras etc a lot more streamlined to keep up with the demand of producing new videos.  Anyway, great to see the constant improvement on these ol' projects.
Put a different motor in it ?
Someone was probably getting ready to scrap it, wonder if the catalytic converter is missing?
Forget about the caddy, whats up with the cartoon van in the background!
Is the camera blurry or do i just need to drink a couple barley pops to adjust my eyes?
2 hours 20 minutes?? Thanks!!
Automatic seatbelts were around the end of the 80’s early 90’s right?
Paint looks intact?
Anyone else weirded out by a fella having another fella  move the camera around while he talks?
Anyone know what Derek did for a living before Youtube?
Did you guys use your storm shelter this evening? Lots of bad weather in your neck of the woods. I hear Franklin, Gallatin and Hendersonville got hit pretty hard.
Yer own camera operator now?  Or was that O'Reilly?
Will it run and drive??  The bigger question is did it run and drive when it was new.  Those 8-6-4 engines were terrible.
EFI? Am I in the right universe?
I'm confused I thought you hurt your paw and weren't coming out with new episodes, don't get a guy wrong I'm glad you have but are you better or was this something saved?
Is there any way to contact you about engine work? Or even a consultation/diagnosis?
Did anyone else immediately think this would be fun candidate for the C5 drive line that was pulled from totaled Vette?
So can he actually taste the conventional 10/30 bcus iv always wondered about people tasting the oil..???
Kind of looks like you can cut the bumper off the bumper,,, and screw that Chrome to the body somewhere, but where is the fuel filler....
Wow! Those hubcaps are likely worth at least $1,000! Taking bets what that hood ornament's worth,, $300?  More?
V8-6-4?  I had a used one in the '90s.  when it fails, it becomes a V8 and the the cutoff does not work and fails.
Anyone notice the difference in the garage?
Very nice body style. Now, about that motre? Got an extra 427 lying around?
Cold snacks, beef jerky and cheese, living room tv?... Engaged.
Betty White II ?
Who is working the camera...
How the hell do you keep producing content so fast?
This feller will wait till video done before asking, “whose garage is  that in the intro”? Good Times!
57 seconds!? I've never been this early.
Who won the duster and the nascar?? Never heard anything
