okay so is this just the universal dysfunctional family song because I sometimes also cry at the simpsons when homer strangles bart or lisa feels neglected
Can you give the sheet music for this song?
do you watch the simpsons on disney plus as well?
why am i hardcore vibing to this song-
Wait what episode is this based on?
Is it bad that I cried listening to this song? My parents were divorced before my first birthday, but it still...hurts? Idk how to describe it. I guess I still think about what could have been if they’d have stayed together. Still a VERY very pretty song, though 💕
what instrument is this because it’s wonderful
What about Sideshow Bob?!!???
Honestly it didn't sound like you had any air behind most of the beginning notes. Were you running out of air?
Honestly it didn't sound like you had any air behind most of the beginning notes. Were you running out of air?
12 uploads over 12 days...u know what the number 12 is good for?? Number of songs on an album...? Js. . .
damn why am i sitting here at 6 am crying over the divorce my parents have had since i was 2–
sometimes i wonder if i should watch the simpsons from season 1
Wait! I thought you were stormfront for a bit
IS THE CHORUS SUPPOSED TO SOUND LIKE THE THEME SONG? Omg the subtle genius
which episode is it tho
what episode was this about??
WHY CANT I GIVE THIS VIDEO MORE THAN OND LIKE?!?! THAT MADE ME CRY SO MUCH❤️❤️❤️❤️👏🏼❤️👏🏼
Now, I'm just thinking... Is this the egg that's supposed to hatch?
Can somebody please tell me how to play it, I'm so bad at learning by ear!!
Excuse me, is this the simpsons theme song in the background???? Dayum
Dodie is this cause you were brushing your teeth and humming to the pitch of the buzz??
Is this on Spotify?
Can someone tell me which episode this is? I really want to watch it now
what episode did u guys cry on i cried on the one where bart got a f after studying
Is this Dodie's White album period?
DID SHE SAY A NEW UPLOAD EVERYDAY STARTING THE 7TH?!!? BECAUSE I THINK I READ IT RIGHT BUT ALSO I BLACKED OUT A LITTLE FROM THE EXCITEMENT AJSDHFBEBS
dodie your mind is so beautiful, can i just peek inside it for a day??
where did you get your glasses from? i love them! :)
What is this person! Where do I sign up to be more like this person! Omg I'm crying 😭
would you be so kind as to post a new song soon please
ohmygod is 🥚 coming???
Where are you from?
wait okay but does everyone remember that simpsons movie when marge taped over her and homer's wedding video?   BECAUSE THAT HAD ME BAWLING
why did i think "12 videos every day" meant we'll literally get 12 uploads per day
I really like this it’s an interesting topic for a song! I wonder, do you reply if I’m early?
before listening I’m seriously wondering if this will be a happy or sad bop
Is this heaven?
Well isn't this a mood
is this about something else, dodie?
