How much he weigh now lol
Jidion im confused bro, the video you made about doing bad "HomieSe... " jokes and how wrong it was, then you use the title as a joke around the same subject... did you change your mind about those jokes or something?
But the prayers for rent being paid didn’t come thru bro?!?!
what is this tnickels energy
Do Christian pranks
in the title there's a joke about coming out of the closet but in your last video on the main channel you said you would drop all the inappropriate innuendos to bring yourself closer to Christ?
When are the letsplays coming? Also you should do horror games thats really entertaining
so did he not actally come back?
🤦🏾 U can be Christian and rich at the same time yk that right?   Basically what i mean is u shouldve kept doing what you were doing before and js focused on the lord in ur own time bc money is something we all need almost as much as the Lord
He just feels off can you at least in private your old videos so I can watch
Money ran out?
i have to ask what you mean sinful stuf i dont think some of these pranks were sinful yo
what's with the devil horns hand sign at the beginning bruh
Bu- but what if you do Christian pranks?!?
whats happening with the biggest menace series now?
Pockets started running thin?
Jid we love u but what’s so bad abt pranks like it does more good than bad 😭
Jidion will you still be a Christian??
Yo jideon i got a really big question are you still going to release your catching edp video where you caught him again for doing the stuff he does best (you know what i mean ) as like a final video of your prank era or is that never going to see the light of day
Just a suggestion bro bring your camera a bit lower. You’ve got a ton of headspace. Could make the shot look better
yo what you ogn do for april fools?
Is he just gonna react to others pranks now?
He censored me for asking questions about jesus.  He lost me when he cant defend his faith and just created an echo chamber to God
Can u re-upload the prank videos 🙏
When are u posting the EDP vid?
will you ever see the captian again?
Money run out already?
What games are you planning on playing?
are you gonna be able to play GTA 6 ? idk if ur religion is against that
Are you still gonna colab with creators like Niko? For example like one of their guess who's the "whatever" videos?
Jid how u see YouTube chat while streaming I only have 1 monitor and use obs?
Ngl, idk what to feel about this...
Money ran out?
Making queen guards laugh 2??
thought u were good on money for ages 💀💀💀how tf u need more money
Why don't you do good "pranks" like giving back to the community or helping someone out as humble as you can? I think it would be a good turn from what you did in the past
Are you still gonna try to catch predators with skeet?
So does this mean the menace is coming out of retirement?
What happened??? I swear it’s only been a month or two and you look like you ate the old Jidion
Jidion wtf is a minorah doing in the background? Lol
Ran out of money already? Goofy ass boy.
Do food reviews or cooking                  edit: should i scam cup cake man and donate his monye to a good cause if so like
What's the point??! Nobody wants to watch you play games and react to videos.
Do a GTA online gameplay
Skibidi toilet 1-70 reaction? Think about it
Did anyone actually think he was leaving for good 😂😂
old vids coming back? welcome back jid
Why can't you do pranks? Its not a sin even if you wont go to hell
Can you play lethal company
Maybe wholesome pranks ?
What happened to your editor ? And camera man ?
Jidion bro nice to see you back my man. Love how you are just being yourself and doing what you want to do. Are you going to be back on your main or this burner?   Also i think edp likes you...
maybe you could teach the gospel minus the calvinist work salvation stuff, just a thought.
Is that a menorah
What about tameish pranks?
Why not bringing back good hearted pranks? What would be wrong with that?
Brother why did you wait until you got rich before you came back to God?
Why can't a christian prank if its family friendly and all in good fun, god likes to laugh too
You could maybe play the upcoming Gate Zero, christian game? Could be a cool experience!
why no thatwasepic orbigdaws stylepranks?
Hey bud why don’t you do a bunch of stuff and see what works out from vlogging, gaming, podcasts etc and we’ll let you know from likes
wait what!!!!!!!!!!
Can somebody explain to me why pranks are against christ?
How is it Christian to always do some gay sh and I’m not tripping I fw you but like why
Can you please put the vids on this channel back
quick question, u think that you'll be reposting all your old reaction videos? they were great and i loved watching them
What about christian pranks?
Ok but what about the old videos?
When is the prank over bruh?
Been riding with you for years bro, I'm confused now though. It's starting to seem like you're all a charade. A double minded man is unstable in all they do. Are you Gideon or Jidion?
what ever happened to the captain though its been years and you never got back to him or the fair
guess whos back
He's back? 🥹
What have you become
My question tho  No more biggest menace with Niko????
If you actually do start doing YouTube again, is it possible to re upload the biggest menace series? I miss laughing to them videos
Bro wtf
