Did you print out your own mine craft blocks
do you have a uhmm warrant
Do you do that? That is not my class that’s not look like Minecraft it look like my pants my pants my pants.
how did you make the blocks float
Wait how did you get diamonds and no items in the chest
How did the block not fall
Can you do a Minecraft? Survival for 24 hours please
Why don't coolies explode?
Yo what mod is this!?
Does these dudes have a permit to Build and Chop Trees?
Where is the furnance ?
How do you know how to craft planks?! :0
they have a permit for the cutting and mining right?
Man what was the texture pack?
This turned out great and was fun to watch. What do you do with all of this stuff when you’re done with it? Do you upcycle it into something else? I’m sure storing it takes a lot of room. You should make a village and turn all of these tiny house projects into AirBnB’s and rent them out!
How did you guys make those Minecraft items like the Crafting Table, Oak Planks and some more?
But why sand in your shirt...
Jeff is fearless he let a spider crawl on his hand… IT COULD HAVE BITTEN HIM!?!?
Have they ever played the game before?
How are the blocks floating what the hell
How are the blocks floating how the hell
what flag is that in the background 4:44
I just realized a door for a human in minecraft is 3 blocks and in the game is 2 blocks then the door you made would fit if you crouch but with a kid it’s just walking in so dose this mean that Minecraft’s characters are kids?
How Did You Do The House
Why broke tree
How are the blocks floating?
Man, id like to know how much they paid the carpenter to make those ahha
Why everyone copying my age im77
How are you able to make it A square to put the window?
Did you see the thwomp?
Can I make videos with you one day I’m going through my own videos can you
Bruh why is no one questioning how they just defined all laws
I can't tell if the blocks are 1 meter though a block in minecraft is 1 mete
Broo those edits when you used the crafting table and when you redpawned in the bed🔥wait, was it real?
Still trying to figure out how they got the windows to stay up :)
Now i wonder how steve can carry this much and big planks and woods :')
wow nice shader shader name what ?
can someone tell me where rob is
Yooo what shaders are those?
2:04 Is that how u put it in ur inventory  Hahahahaha 😄 🤣 😂 😆 😄 🤣 😂 😆 😄 🤣 😂 😆 😄
I don't know if it really good
Did they build that?!?!?
Bro why didn't Chris and Jeff just took the tools on the crafting table lol
How do you do that ok I like your video I didn't subscribe
Can somebody explain to me what the actualle heck happend to their channel.
Do you know every song in the world
HOW DID YOU MAKE A CRAFTING TABLE IN REAL LIFE?!?!
Where is rob
Beds do not stack in your inventory so how can you have 2000 beds in your inventory
Why are they hurting trees for a video
What happened to rob
5:30 why is there a thwomp?
Bro what texture pack and shader is this it looks so Real!
What state do you live in
I have 1 question where is Rob
Now that its done you gotta spend 24 hours in it right?
creepers got nerfed so they dont explode?
I’ve missed so much dude when did they they have babies
What is the fat guys name
24 hours in minecraft house????
How do you like real life minecraft stone?
How did you guys actually make that block stay up
Where is rob ?
Why were their backyard videos so much better than anything they’ve put out in like the last year….
What happen to rob and why isn't he in any vids anymore
Wooden sword only does 4 damage, how can it kill a creeper in 2 hits?
Where's rob?
Me confused af about how they made windows
What happened to rob
Where has rob been, he's not in any of the videos anymore
Hey love the vids! Where’s Jeff’s kid?? If they don’t want their kid to be on YouTube it’s fine,just can we know the name? Keep the good work up!
Whatever happened to the gaming channel you guys were talking about years ago?
what ever happened to rob
Does any girl watches this channel? I am skeptical 🤔
when is the gaming channel coming out, u can play Minecraft on it and make the same house!😀
Can you please check
why does the DB flag look like the nazi flag
How long did this take
Chris why is your name spelled c h r i s that spells Tris Chris
Can you do a behind the scenes like where you show how you made the planks float
Did they even replant the trees
Jeff can you make a video about 24hours in the minecraft house
what happen to rob
