Has anyone seen nentindo uses ninja mode using a Wii remote from temu
Yknow after all this time I wondered why doesn’t lawyer Kong just use the same powers on leggy like he did to Mario? She technically is a Nintendo character  Edit: i know she has knowledge on the law and can find loopholes but all the things that she couldn’t find a way around such as claiming her as Nintendo property just like Mario
Anyone else rewatching arcs and episodes after knowing SMG4 is ending?
is this fake or real
Dude just let them make the game he's gonna be gone for only a bit what's wrong with that?
Why is Nintendo using Wii U
Is the game really
9:02 why can someone just throw the paper into the fire?
what is the music at 0:24
_-Renember the Song Sugar Crash?-_
0:02 whats the name of this music
What about Luigi?
Bro how does this work smg4 gets to survive the Nintendo wrath but sml doesn’t how does that work
Wait did you actually get in legal trouble with Nintendo? Prob gonna happen to me ngl cuz I use my pikachu plusies. EVEN THO I PAID FOR THEM.
Smg4 Mario has fire powers? 8:00
They actually wouldn’t stop…right?
The question remains-was he actually sued?
4:55 wtf happened to big monkie
Isn’t meggy a Nintendo character smg4?
7:00 shouldn’t Mario lose his power in the new episode with that fake Mario? I mean it’s two years ago but
Mario was being funny without his Mustache so is the new Mario really Mario or is he brain washed by Mr puzzles
Did this really happen?
Wtf 👎💩 super mario odyssey?
Was he actually sued??? Im so confused lol ever since this came out i got scared and confused
What's the sound that the Pikmin were playing?
7:13  it's back now?
Why can’t Nintendo just copy and paste Mario??? 😂😂
Wait isn’t meggy Nintendo property too?
Can anyone tell me the background music when mario is about the leave
Why do I have a feeling this happened irl, but he made an arc on it. Like he was getting sued by Nintendo for copyright and he made an arc after it?
WHO HATES NINTENDO?!?!??!
How has it already been 1 1/2 years?
4:45 where is that map from??
Why would I wanna join your channel?
did this actually happen to smg4?
Who remembers when this was the newest SMG4 video?
I wonder, is Mario Meggy’s love interest?
My question is did this really happen    Did he have legal issues with nintendo
Did you actually get sued?
Why didn't mario just go down the slide in smg4's room!?
wait is this real?
Forget restraining orders, am I right?!
Wait there are Arcs ???? Wait this is peak fiction 😮😮
How'd you get the Funky Kong voice??
Is it me or why does miyamoto sound like brook from one piece
Was the Lawsuit arc based on Nintendo trying to stop you IRL, or did Nintendo have nothing to do with this?
why is life about papers
awhat app is dees?     I NEED IT
Lawyer kong:do u know what this is? mario:toilet paper🚽smg4:its toilet paper lawker kong:yeeeee thats toilet paper and here take it when u need to use da toilet
What do this guy use to make his videos
Were you actually sued?
What do you use?
What software do you use for these videos?
yo is it the end tell me
is this why nintendo doesent done a game with mario from 2017, lol it is 2023 now! nintendo
I know it’s just an animation but if you were a YouTuber is this the kind of thing you would do?
What  happened to  smg4?
It's this whole SMG4 Lawsuit real?
So is this going to have a part 2? I hope so (:
Since when was meggy a LAWYER?? NOICE
Did you actually get problems with Nintendo at some point ?
Is Anybody Gonna Realize That SMG4 Use An Brain Drain Meme? (Tigger Gasp Sound) At 6:04
Have you guys ever compared Marios hand to meggys😂
Who remembers old smg4
Is this true???
SMG4 looks like mario I wonder why they didn't mistake them.
did all of this actually happen? did you actually get sued by nintendo?
Why did Mario eat the pink dudes ?
Wait...did they actually get sued?
Why did the ending (before miyamoto) give me  end of Meta Runner S1 vibes
Did he actually get sued or is this satire????-
Anyone here that's just re-watching the arc?
how did Mario grow a mustache so fast
0:05 is he making more shorts?
Is it me or is SMG4 a HUGE fan of One Piece? I mean, he's got Saiko sounding like Nami and he's got Miyamoto sounding like Brook! YOHOHOHOHOHO!!!!
did you guys actually get almost sued?
What’s the music at 1:58?
I still don’t believe this episode that feels like a one off episode started an arc
Can you make fishy boopkins and bob as well
Didn't Mario and Smg4 help Nintendo against Sony when they took over
did meggy go to law school for 3 days like Spencer Shay?
why didnt mario emu chomp him?
Really?
Is it me or does miyamoto sound like brook
Why does the Nintendo owner laugh like brook (brook from one piece) hes like YOHOHOHO. Wait... When he said look he said luffy san... Definitely brook lol
5:22 Something about Mario's voiceline being cut short so he just says, "Mom?" is too funny.
I have a question Did you actually get sued by Nintendo
Was the end a metarunner reference????
Is this legit???
How do you mace these videos
Is this for real
WHY He Got That Nintendo Letter?
Did you actually get sued?
2 arcs in the same year? ngl the sotry arc is really good
lawyer kong is copy right him self so he has to turn him self in?🤔
6:59  Why didn’t he just eat the star
Isn’t meggy half nentendo?  Wasn’t she a splatoon character?
Does anyone else notice meggys voice is different
0:58 “Can he see me?” had me me dying XD
how is this funny its not funny go watch half of 2014 to half of 2019
9:58 what the name of this background song?
Why Does Meggy Not Count As a Nintendo Character? She's clearly in Splat 1, 2, and 3.
what 🤣
Is this the end?
hey lawyer kong, ever heard of the 1st admendment and the fair use act jackass
Is that Brook’s laugh
so when is super luigi gardening releasing for the switch? gameplay trailer looks sick
Wait aren’t guns actually Nintendo items? I mean they were in 007 goldeneye for the N64
Did this actually happen
Will the Nintendo Ninjas be able to beat Mario?
8:53 why did i think mario was gonna do a meta runner reference here
then who was recording them
Did this actually happen or is this a parody of SML being sued
GLaDOS has 1 question, why is the 4th video in ''the lawsuit arc'' hidden?
Did you actually get sued
Ok, seriously, how does SMG4 actually not get copyright claimed? Anyone know how YouTube & Nintendo’s Copyright and Claims work? Please?
I thought the arcs were over?
That battle music is very familiar... Digimon World I think? Someone help me out
Why is smg4 sad when dmc4 comes u have like 4 channels
Wait but actually can you still make content like this
The lawsuit arc?
Why can’t they just get a different Mario?
First SML, now this?!!
Is that brook from one piece i hear?
Is this another arc?  What it’s the lawsuit arc? 😐😐😐 😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤 GOD FU-
Did you really get sued?
Bro SML now SMG4? You guys are the Nintendo legends of YouTube!
is this the last arc
Is this actually happening in real life
whats the song that starts playing at 9:59
If this is an arc which character is he gonna kill off next or is this a happy ending arc
this was ACTUALLY A ARC?
What's the new name for this arc again?
I can't tell if it's the same voice actor for meggy or it's someone else being here for a while? What happened to the original voice smg4 😢
Guys why do I have a feeling that this is a start of a new arc?
I been watching you guys for 2 or 1 years now and pls tell me this is just fake pls
I wonder if smg4 is going to change the characters or make new models at the end of this
Do you luv persona 5 or do you just like using their stuff
Why use music from my fav game
Why use copyright sound effect from my fav game
Did he actually get sued?
Is that an arc I smell?
Is smg4 a family channel now? I haven't had a good laugh at his videos in ages
Hey SMG4 y didn't you have Melony take a different turn after axols death?
Bro was there a collab or something? The animation here is uncannily solid
What if Original Mario and Smg4 Mario are totally different characters?  Think about that.
Wait doesn't Nintendo own splatoon they can just delete meggys weapons
But he still makes videos. How?
PSX digimon theme music for fighting scene?
What if Mario and friends were in Jurassic park?
Will there still be Mario videos or was the suit real or anything?
meggy is still a lawyer??!
When Mario’s musta sh got cut off he magically grew it back is 2 seconds?!
whats the song at 9:20
Shouldn’t Meggy be under legal trouble since she was originally an Inkling from Splatoon?
"Do you know what this is? " *Toilet paper*
Are you actually being sued for real?
Is this the final video?? If yes: Goodbye SMG4… If no: the YouTube channel is here!
So we not gonna talk abt how this man got beat with a wii remote?
I'm surprised nobody asked what song plays at 6:55
Am i the only one who thought there was going to be a better call Saul reference
So when ya say that, does that mean that both the SMG4 universe and SMG4 timeline?
Why is toad the only one who dies in these lol
Smg4 try asking your friend try asking one or two maybe they have seen it
Is this even real!?
Have you got sued before in real life smg4?
wait did Meggy memorize all of the mushroom kingdom laws and other stuff like that while working with Mr. Monitor as a cop?
3:49-4:04 Wait is it Nintendo already working on a game that has Mario using a gun
What was the music playing when Mario ate the Pikmin? I've heard it before but I can't remember from where...  Edit: I remembered suddenly, It's Malo Mart from Twilight Princess
i was always wondering how they havent got sued for copyright infringement yet
@SMG4 please answer is mario x meggy a thing
WE'RE THA ANIMATION CAM FOM?!
Smg4 can you do a resurrection on desti meggy needs her. The fans well some fans need her back.
something i was summoning: *Chanting words* smg4 and friends: wait Sam what are you summoning?
Why do i think their actuly gonna reales super liugi gargening
Is that a phoenix wright reference?
This is a joke… right?  *Right…?*
in your videos can you not use bad words
Why does Meggy sound different? Did her voice actor change or did the voice of the original actor change?
When will the next video drop?
Wait tell me this isn't so
Why do people hate luigi
Why is 9:03 remind me of the last episode of season 1 meta runner
Isnt meggy still from splatoon? Or did i miss something
6:45 - 7:55 in my opinion is best scene, i wonder what song was used at start of 6:45...
Can you make Mario simulator interactive 2.
does this actually mean you need to stop making videos?
question: is this based off a true story
8:50  What's the name of the soundtrack , its really catchy
can you make if mario was in poppy playtime chapter 2?
I wonder what DMCA stands for in SMG4 wiki
Is this one of the episodes where SMG4 cries?
Where is more funny videos
Did you actually get sued
Can you please make an animation where Mario is in the Witcher?
0:51 Did anyone else notice 2 of the same player model that was used for the Butt Ninja?
my question is did SMG4 actually get sued before by nintendo
Anyone can answer my question
Theory, This Mario and Nintendo are separate from the official ones. Seriously though i would love to see this Mario meet Canon Mario.
Is it just me, or are his videos just not fun to watch anymore. Idk why but every video is not funny anymore, it’s getting old to me. In my opinion
meggy: But what about luigi smg4 & mario: eh
You're not getting sued right? <:(
What if bob was in sunset paradise instead of meggy?
Wouldn't Mario be under breech of contract by refusing to make games?
Just wondering can Nintendo memes 10 feature Meggy ???
Wait how does Mario regrow a mustache in one second
Is this your last vid
So since Mario has been in a game when he was a kid,(so he signed the contract as a kid) doesn't that mean the contract isn't legally binding?
No offense but um... how do I put this, who requested this lawsuit and order wannabe episode to this channel instead of a fan collab celebrating you 6 million subscribers?
What if Mario go on rainbow friends
What if Mario was in Cuphead and the Delicious Last Course
You know your funny meme animations how about you do one called the memeverse
This is not real... RIGHT!?
Have you ever thought about a smg5?????
Are you getting sued for real
did he actually get sued or not lol
i have a question for mario do you like mushroom soup
It is kind of strange that mario is in the public domain, isn't it?
What if Mario was in Persona 5??
Wait if meggy's not a squid anymore... How does she materialize ink based weapons?
wtf is this ? xD
Did you really get sued or is this just a joke I'm confused?!
If mario was in,roblox doors?
Does stupid Mario fall under parody law? Like I'm actually curious ngl
Was this episode inspired by meta runner season 1, with the end bit???
You used some South Park audio in your vid--didn't you??  :P :P Nice. :)
Hold up I'm still confused.your still making videos,right?pls
Um... what about the laws regarding protection of parody or satire..?
5:57 Why are people talking about the video but are not talking about the Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Songs?
Yo why Meggy's voice sounded like Athena's
Is this a joke or did they actually get sued I knew this day would come just like sml
Mario in Hollow Knight?
Can you bring back axol plz cuz I think it would be a nice twist ok
Did you actually get sued?
I just realized, how has this man made mario content for years without copyright and I can't post an 11 second long video with the Ghostbusters theme
We have all seen smg4 but, what about 4gms
Which video was better smg4 gets sued or the minion apocalypse votes in the description below
Is video true or just a meme thing?
New story arc?!?!??!?!?!??!
Why didn't Mario just grab his guns
Hey there smg4 I was wondering since you're doing new stuff I was wondering if you could do a smg4 video featured from Jeepers creepers because it's kind of an honor and celebration of the fourth Jeepers creepers coming out this October 28th that is all
0:44 I thought someone was by my window bro why did that sound so real???
i know you guys getting fun... but what about axol..?
Is this gonna be your last video?
Did you actually get sued?
is this real?
Question: are you still going to make SMG4 videos?
Is it true? Are you getting sued??😨😨😨😰😰😰
Anyone else have a heart attack because of the knocking
The question remains... How SMG4 never got DMCA-d?
Day 3 of asking for if mario was in danganronpa
Is it me, or has Meggy's animation style gotten a lot better?
what happened
What ?
Why dont u use jojo reference in the fighting with nintendo's guards to make it epic? Also all of ur vids are awesome :)
Why meggy looks the only one animated here
i still wonder how hasnt he been sued or warned yet-
Yo smg4 can you make a video were Mario and his friends were in NASCAR
1 question smg4, do you agree on Mario x Meggy? Pls answer
Are your channel namet 5 years ago SM64?
Is this based on a real event? Also, what are you gonna do for the 6 mill subs.
Did you actually get sued or...
Is it wrong that I kind of want Super Luigi Gardening?
How have these guys been safe from Nintendo...
Is this a reference to sml?
What would the main smg4 cast look like if they used the chaos emeralds
Why does Miyamoto have the voice of Brook from One Piece and why does it work so well lmao
So when did funky Kong become a corporate tyrant?
this might just be my smgnoia, but is this a new arc i smell? 🤔
Can you make mario plays mario vs luigi online or mario battle royal
Super vidéo  Uhm i now its years ago but Can you fond something toi bring black axol pls
SMG4 How to get Membro?
Now what are we going to have next? Mario gets banned? Meggy Spletzer: Ace Attorney? SMG4 works as a farmer? idk
There's still a one unsolved mystery.  How did Desti not respawn when she was stabbed? And why was she Bleeding?
I’m sorry but am I wrong or did you use BROOK’s voice for miyamoto 😂
The background song when mario and meggy was facing the ninjas was that the song from digimon game ?
4:43 since when can meggy fly ???
Does meggy have voice acting or is it her lines in her game Splatoon
New SMG4 arc?
why is miyamoto soul king brook of the rumbar pirates?
Mario and  Meggy always seem to have some kind of emotional connection with each other. I wonder why that is.🤔
yo smg4! the meme god! i have a question for mario...? Does he have any "parents" oh i forgot lugi to
Hello SMG4 how is mario
Can you link to the app
I don't really know why Mario donated $1,000 for Maggie super chat
meggy used to be an inkling before human, kinda concerned whether or not she's going to be taken by nintendo too
Where's Saul Goodman when you need him?
Are you making a new series on this
Try to make a video of what if Mario's was in Andy's apple farm
But this is parody right?
Did Nintendo say dad not to use the nunchuck to fight ninja?
3:23 Does Meggy's new voice sound a little deeper to you, or is it just me? Perhaps, she's just about to hit puberty, hence the change in voice.🤔
Nintendo announced a new Splatfest starting soon.  Is Meggy going to defend her title as champion, or will another character take home ALL DA GLORY?!!
When's the next arc?
Congrats on 6 Mill. also is it just me or did this video has Ace Attorney refrences. Because this is SMG4 getting sued or just to fit the video? Either way, I Love it!  Refrences:  Objection: 5:59 There were also themesong refrences but im to lazy.
is mario smarter now
Day 2 of asking for if mario was in danganronpa
Is it just me or did he start putting less effort into this video
Is that blue toad? Top tier character prove me wrong
Should there be a part 2 where an error or a virus is in the Luigi Gardening game?
Why does Meggy's text change from orange to yellow?
This isn't Minecarft?!!
Where's the guard's n' retards remake episode?
Wait a second, mario's escape of Nintendo????
Wait did nintendo actually confront you about this?
Hm I wonder when we will see Axol again cuz he's like in a bridge universe last time we saw himM
Nani??? Meggy Ace Attorney?
I have a question. Luigi is also a charakter owned by Nintendo he needs to go zo Nintendo to
Digimon world 2 music? Nice
Did you actually get sued.?
this is so random LMAO
am i the only one who just saw meta runner S1 for 90% of the video?
Did this really happen?
How do you think of this stuff?
Where are those days that mario was naked eating spaghetti
Well Next smg4 video can I see Mario And meggy fight
New arc?
Did you actually get sued or is the just a skit?
I really wanna know
SMG4 what happen to axol?
Next WOTFI exposed?
Did you actually get sued:(
why this trending on gaming?
Can you turn meggy into a fish and mermaid?
Has Meggy a new voice?
What did they do with Luigi?
Wasn't this a what if- way back??? I can vaguely remember. 🤔
I get Nintendos the father of Mario but who's the mother
Am i only one that ship Mario and Megy
What did he do to that paper
What ever happened to hobo bros?
I can't determine if this is teal or a skit
at 6:54 what if Mario stole a ? Box and got like... the weird mushroom lol
9:05 why does matio's outfit sound sticky ?
1:25 But isn't there a new Mario game called Mario Strikers? 😕😕
What if Nintendo turns a blind eye because their ideas come from SMG4?
I thought Asians didn't sue other Asians
Wait is it real?
Doesn't Nintendo technically own Meggy since they made Splatoon ?
What is he talking about???
0:06 What is that song was played?
Is it just me or did the quality of the animation and lightning change dramatically half-way through?
IS THAT A F/CKING JOJO REFERENCE???!!!! 6:30
Dang this janky new animation movement do be hitting different
Is this based on true events?
is this the new arc the legal arc
The end of SMG4?
Actually I Have A Video Idea So We Never Seen Mario Reacting To Mlp Videos Can You Make A Video Of Mario Reacting To Mlp Videos?
For real though, how has this channel NOT gotten utterly destroyed by Nintendo?
Wonder what the world would be like if lawyers could actually force people to immediately follow their legal stuff, like in the video... I have a feeling people would treat them very differently
Wait doesnt nintendo also own meggy?
6:07 is the meggy feels crazed or something?
Meg guys actions look a lot more realistic or is it just me?
This is all a joke right? I really hope so  I've been watching you since year 1 of you doing these memes
i couldn’t tell if i was watching a kids show or a magum opus art work
Did you actually get sued? Or was this just for the video?
Is this a new arc? The Lawsuit Arc?
9.1, wait is that an earthquake, ruuuuuun
What do you call a troublesome Canadian high schooler?      A poutine.
Hey smg4 what if you add Theo to your channel to make sense to tari and Bell
Anyone feel an arc?
When is season 1 of murder drones coming out :D?
isnt meggy a splatoon character ? so dont they "ow" her too
is this true you will stop making vids?
congratulation on 6 million subs smg4 i have a question about murder drones when will you release the first episode
I know that I wasn’t the only one scarred that he actually got sued right   Right??
New Arc??? Mario and crew Vs. Nintendo?
Wait why did they ignore the toads peach bowser and luigi
how much u wanna bet this is the start of another arc
Now what did you get sued for?
Did Sakurai co-operate with Master Hand before?
Just wondering are they buy castle?
Wait if the ninjas actually shot and killed Mario wouldn’t they have killed their main money maker and their own IP? If that box wasn’t there miyamoto wouldn’t be so okie dokie
2:02 can someone tell me the name of that song please
2:02 can someone tell me the name of that song please
Technically didn't Nintendo made meggy?
Seriously? I want Mario brain is normal
What do they use to animate
I am pretty sure that fair use might come into play if this becomes an arc
No new Mario game since Odyssey?  You mean like Origami King, Luigi's Mansion 3(yes it counts it has Mario in it), Super Mario Party, Mario Party Superstars, Mario Golf Speed Rush, Mario Tennis Aces, and Mario Strikers Battle League?   Not sure if 3D All Stars would count but there was Super Mario Bros. 35, although that got shut down in months which will forever be a dumb decision.
I Wonder how people back on the day coulded make subtitles tho smg4 videos, i wanna make subtitles for spanish viewers.
Wait isn’t spatoon owned my Nintendo
Funny, Isn't Meggy just the main orange inkling turned into some anime girl OC? You can clearly tell it is supposed to be the orange inkling but as a human that isn't a kid or a squid. However, it is still altered enough (such as the clothes) to where it is different enough (hence the OC part). If anything, Meggy should be getting hit with the DMC2.
Are u sued from YouTube for real or fake
When will you upload a video of thin Selene?
when are you going to be a smg4 channel but in spanish?
This has 666k views rn is this a sign?
But... How is this channel not getting sued by Nintendo I wonder
Did you Actually get sued
wait did you actually almost get Sued irl?
Wait...is super Luigi gardening in this video some sort if reference to an actual game that was a concept, cuz I heard that phrase somewhere before seeing it on this video
Is this part of the lore?
@ 6:42 Is that Digimon World 2 battle music I hear?
This is kinda random
Ya know smg3 has not showed up for so long wonder what's he doing
Damn the metal mario part was so cool Also, technically does Meggy still have that contract like Mario?
How come some smg4 characters sound like one piece characters like Sakurai hs voice of brook and saiko has like the voice of nami?
8:57 was that a meta runner reference?
why does the japan man guy sound like brook? (from OnePiece)
WHEN DID MEGGYS ANIMATIONS BECMOME SO GOOD IT FELT SO WIERD HALF THE TIME MEEGYS VOICE AND ANIMATIONS IS GREAT THEN IT SWITCHES TO LAWYER KONG WITH BROKEN WORDS AND MUSIC IN THE BACKGROUND ITS SO WIERD
If smg4 is getting sued, why’s Mario being arrested?
Oh, what kind of voicebank you use for lawyer Kong? Uberduck? Or something else?
This technically isn't a Mario just if Mario had -1 brain cells that be this one why don't they just print a different mario
Are you actually getting sued
Is it meggy owned by Nintendo
wasn't Meggy a horrible Lawyer?
Will this cause a Rap battle
this question has been around for a long time, is bob a character you invented, or a character from a game? if it's a game, what game is it?
Anyone question how Peach doesn't care what happens in her castle anymore
Did you actually get sued?
Hey smg4 can you make a video a part 2 of that and name it Lawyer Monkey Revenge
did they actually get a cease and desist letter ?
were did you get the music 6:42
When the next lore video?
What would you do if you was sued by Nintendo
If I remember a parody laws are thing and under them if something is a parody it's legal. If I'm correct, Maggie could have used not to save Mario.
OK, now which continuity are we following here? First we have clowns pulling the T- pose virus thing that's seemingly affecting the entire kingdom. Then we have everyone abandoning Mario because he ruined a pizza, leading to him going insane and ruining a bigger pizza. And now Nintendo is seizing Mario for some unknown copyright reasons, and Meggy is helping him escape. Which story are we following exactly? The last episode ended with a "to be continued"-. Are we following that story, or a completely new one? I'm confused!
New arc!?
ayo what happened to the production quality it like tripled or smt
How is #3 on GAMING?????
Is this true btw
Hey Smg4 how does it feel to have 6 Million Subscribers?
did he after get sued? or is this just a joke
What was with the sudden change in both quality and design?! It really threw me off! It's not bad. It just suprised me. That's all.
Wait isint meggy nintendo property sonce she once was a inkling
Anyone wondering where glitch shorts went? Or is it just me
what about when splatoon 3 comes out...?
Can we understand that this is the first video that 2 characters talk in the same frame? And I've been watching since 2016 so.. that's new
When do we get the video for mario roast
what happen if Nintendo see your videos and tell you to stop using Mario and cie ?
Did you actually get sued
What happened to murder drones
Do you notice an interesting fact, that with every million subscribers Mario thinks less and less about spaghetti porn and takes up his mind? We continue in the same spirit SMG4.
What if this was true?                                          It is not lol
New arc?
What no how and when does even happened man ?
Is this of beginning of a new arc?
Come someone please tell me what that music is from that the picmin are dancing to at the 0:24 mark? It’s driving me crazy. I know I’ve heard it somewhere before.
Meggy's a lawyer, how'd she get the idea to mess with Nintendo?
@SMG4 has this ever happened before?
It feels weirder hearing the Lizzie Freeman voice clips mixed with Elsie Lovelock talking. Couldn't they just have her record the little stunt snippets instead of using the Lizzie Freeman voice clips?
First sml then smg4???
New ark?
Video title “SMG4 gets sued”, what didn’t happen “SMG4 gets sued” I’m not criticising the video I’m just saying that it’s a false title
hey wait wheres the super meggy bat?
Can you please make a video where Mario goes to space
let me guess a new arc? the nintendo arc??
Is it just me or is there a growing amount of guys who hate Mario and smg4. First depresso now lawyer Kong, evil enemy group? Also has one of them been going to law school to make this idea.
9:55 I wonder if we are actually gonna see this character again. What the heck will this guy do wean he returns again? Idk, but am excited to see what this character will do in the future. As long as he doesn’t become a forgotten character
Wait smg4 is getting sued why what nooooooooooooo not smg4
MEGGY WENT TO LAW SCHOOL!!??
Bro im scared are u guys sued?????????
good video although I keep wondering what happened to the theme of the clowns. how is it solved?
Wouldn’t meggy, boopkins, Luigi, and more be controlled by Nintendo?
Did you actually get sued
I love your vids but I have a friend that's German so could you make German undertitles
Is this going to have a new arc?   The Nintendo arc
somebody who's better versed in international IP acts and all of that,would Nintendo actually have a case here? I know that copyright and IPS are different depending on the country but would Nintendo be able to sue glitch Productions who lives in Australia for using their character from their Japanese company
New arc?
how come meggey didnt get kidnaped for spatoon 3
wait. will you really get sued one day??????
what if this was true
Murder drones season 1 when?
Super Luigi Gardening 2 when?? But seriously the animation is excellent this episode. Great work
AYO THERE IS PIKMIN WHERE MARIO IS?!?!?! Edit: the timestamp is at 0:24
SMG4: why do I hear boss music?
Does SMG4 dislike luigi?? I can't tell at this point, but good video!
Who animating these animations because there killing it
Am I weird for recognizing Digimon World 2 music?
I have one question are you actually getting sued
Can u make a vídeo of Mario kart but i en out bad
So is Luigi still in the game or is he gone
Who can make the best naked spaghetti party for Mario during WOTFI?
2:10  that one pose makes me say "what"
Isn't Splatoon a Nintengo game with guns?
Nintendo arc? Idk I’m just guessing at this rate.
Just asking if this did happen I be so sad I be cry I love your videos smg4 is so funny pls don’t leave us smg4
Day 1 of asking for if mario was in danganronpa
Bro if this is real are we getting a new luigis mansion the gardening house edition?
did you realize there isnt a sponsor either a intro?
Why do I feel like this is some Nintendo arc
WHO just one day watched a smg4 video and now can’t stop?
Would any of you actually be surprised if Nintendo did go after SMG4?
What!!?? Why because smg4’s  to funny!? So many fucking haters out here. LMMFAO
IS MIYAMOTO BROOK???
Who recognised this as a meta runner reference?
Question u use garry mod or gmod
Why do the animations in this look good In this?
Were you literally going to get sued by Nintendo?
Who is that rock in your picture
Is this a new arc lol
Did this actually happened?
How the f can meggy just fly
when did they turn smg4 into an action movie lol
Did Smg4 just get another subs in only one year? Jesus
Could you imagine if the video ended with lawyer Kong taking Mario away, and we never got another SMG4 video?
what isthe music in this video
6:44 why arc don't have any cool action sequences like this but instead we just have beloved characters dying
What about the War of the Fat Italians MMXXII, is it delayed or coming soon?
So, how does it feel, making your first video with 6M subs?
Nintendo Lawyer arc?
i dont know if the channel will end really
I thought it was real? 😂
Wait mario can be smart?
At least this video was a joke about smg4 getting sued unlike           Sml
Are you actually on probation with Nintendo, or is this just a random animation?
Is this an arc?
New Arc?!?
Law. Hmmmm anyone watching a Korean drama about law?
Ok but what about an actual  "Super Mario Bros. 5" ?
i'm thie only one who shiping Mario with Megy ?
New arc?                                        ᴵ ᵍᵘᵉˢˢˀ
BRUH IS THERE A REASON THAT DOOR AUDIO HAD TO SOUND LIKE IT WAS KNOCKING ON MY WINDOW IRL ☠️ ☠️
Luigi can't catch a break, can he?
Is this a joke or real
7:57 where nuke?
But bro! What about Luigi?!
Nahhh bro when did she go to law school holy jeebus
wait a second doesnt Miyamoto sound like brook?
Just asking but when will you do War Of The Fat Italians 2022
Did you actually get sued?
does anyone realise forcing a living person to do something is slavery (i think)  thus nintendo is breaking multiple laws
I thought the game would be called Luigi’s Gardening Simulator?
Did meggys animation improve?
I really do wonder how Nintendo hasn't actually done something like this, yet.
He got sued?
But wait. Did he deal with this already similar like a couple of years ago and why is this person suing him what did he do it’s just perfectly fine
is this gonna be the next wotfi trilogy xD
Yo. When the next arc? Can we get a legal arc? Take what happened in this episode and run with it?
Did this actually happen to you, like did Nintendo and you and a little conversation?????
See? Is it really that hard to make something without making it horrifying and plain rotten?
Wait are u actually  getting sued
so is this the beginning of the nintendo arc?  Edit: I guess not... Goodbye Luigi
is he really got sued?
How neato would it be if Nintendo's security guards had weapons that just so happen to look like their consoles' controllers?
do stupid mario plays the mortuary assistant
Find then why does Mario watch Nintendo memes
Is this the Nintendo arc
Can we get back to the Clown Arc?
First the crazy clown, now lawyer Kong, Who's going to be this arc's villain?
Why are your thumbnails so serious and the videos so random and funny
10:15 sound effect link?
Hey just curious has Nintendo ever tried to sue your channel? Or how do u avoid them from sueing u?
Isn't Meggy owned by Nintendo as well technically?
But why smg4 is still alive like yea is cool but its rare that after 10 year the channel is still there
SMG5 when?
Does this mean luigi won't be in any videos for a while?
2:02 can someone tell me the name of that song please
6:46 wth mario actually lands??
If I was asked "what's the thing that gave you the best rollercoaster of emotions?" I would say-  A ten minute video about a guy getting sued for using a copyrighted figure over 700 times by a world-famous company
Did you actually get sued
Is it a new arc beginning?
i wonder if ur gonna make movies about this. are u?
Was that a meta runner reference??!!
Is it just me, or did Meggy's voice change? Did i miss a memo or something?
So You Can Still Make More Videos Right?
Why does this feel like the start of a new arc, other than that amazing video as always
Ay first off, congratulations on 6 mil and so insane to see how far you've come really. Second, and this is more of a personal curiosity but I wonder if Nintendo ever did try to sue one of your videos. I mean it wouldn't make sense, but it's just something I've wondered.
is dis real 😳
Is this the beginning of the new arc 😮
Smg4 what is the best Editing software do you recommend
Why do I get the feeling this the start of another Arc?
Is this the new arc? If it is it’s probably the Nintendo arc
Is he actually getting sued by nintendo
What's this? An actual budget for a meme video?! NANI?!?!
Are companies like Nintendo this dumb enough to not realize it's Copyright if it's fair use? If it has no real connection to the actual Mario canon, and is made for things like jokes, then it's legal!
Really?
what would happen if mario was in Jet Force Gemini, another nintendo 64 game
What does sued mean?
I wonder if this actually happened or if its just another funny meme thing
10:16 what is that sound effect from
Is this a cease and desist?
Another ark?
No guns? Huh?  What about the rabbids crossover
Anyone notice meggys voice change?
Serious question here but I have always wondered why Smg4 doesn't seem to get in trouble, despite how notorious Nintendo is regarding their copywrite.  Is he really only safe because hes in Australia? I mean yes Smg4 Mario is a Transformative parody, same as the rest of the cast..  But alot of the models, music, sets, and other assets are from Nintendo games so shouldn't that put him in hot water?
Whats with the clown thever thing
was that swag? love your videos, watching since the baldi video :)
New arc?
SMG4 did go wrong again? Sued...? At least Mario keeps the same.
8:50 Is Mario actually becoming a good person? Also I have to say these videos are getting better and better less rag doll walking better animation and all around better quality videos did I say better to much? Anyway keep up the good work smg4!
But what about Luigi odyssey?
Where can I buy super Luigi gardening
The phrase "nintendo is an *entity* I cant make mad" raises a few questions
who won't play this new game ??
Are you really being sued?
Why is this kong a laywer, are there two of the same kongs?
Did you actually get sued
So how the clown virus is fixed, or Is this a parellel timeline where It didn't happen
Is it weird that when Mario was about to leave smg4 I cried
Did anyone notice that smooth animation? Because I noticed that nice smooth animation. 😎👌
Did Meggy’s a voice actor change?
Why does Mario have white buttons instead of yellow buttons,
*what if Mario went through his own arc on being a better friend?*
IS NOBODY GONNA TALK ABOUT THE AMAZING THUMNAIL FOR THE VIDEO???
I always have wondered how Smg4 was able to make all this Nintendo stuff and still make a community and shows off it, without Nintendo doing anything about it
Why was this so sad until the end
Who else thought that a major story beat would be in place here?
Is using someones elses property gonna Destroy all them? Expecially a Million Dollar Property, the Stealing only happens when it's Claimed, not just used.
this is fake right?
Wait a min please tell me this a skit video and not actually real!!
Did SMG4 actually get a cease and desist note from nintendo?
Man why do the bad things always happen to Luigi what did he do!?
on a scale of 1-10 how good of a lawyer is meggy if she was partnered up with the legendary Phoenix wright
Where is Smg3 when it is so needed!?  (joke)
6M? Wasn't your 5M celebration like 5 months ago? Massive well done btw, what about getting another 10M in a month someday? Btw I love Meta runner S3.
Is this real?
did you actually get in trouble by Nintendo? like super mario logan?
Did you actually get sued?
Where is meggy and that anime girl, i forgor her name 💀
Don't tell me this is gonna be an arc...
wait is this a new arc...?
Anyone else starting to realize there’s more quality and smoother animation in videos now? It’s starting to get insane how much the channels improved!
The Nintendo arc?
is this real?
Is this made up or is it true
nice vid but what 'bout luigi?
can some explain to me where to get these SMG4 emoji’s
wait really
Why are the Nintendo goons just the Butt Ninja
You're not really getting sued, are you? I would hate to see this channel shut down
Hey Meggy,how do you feel about Splatoon 3?
This man has been playing with fate for over 10 years, hasn't he?
Will Lawyer Kong become the new SMG0?
Does anyone think this man will get sued by Nintendo
Wait doesn’t nintendo own meggy too🤨since they created her and all
Video idea: If Mario was in…. Warner Bros.
and you call this an episode?? i'm sorry but this was pretty cringe.... i hope you have a real special one saved.
In case if that's happens what character will replace Mario
can we get a video about wario gets shot down from the waluigi-copter at 9:35 PM
i am confused how the clown virus just... stopped existing? like, everyone except mario was a clown, and it got resolved the next episode and it is never mentioned again?
“What about Luigi?”  Eh, he doesn’t have plot armor.
Are you really getting sued?
Guys I think it’s another Story
If Nintendo wanted to pressing charges against this channel, why now? My guess is that Nintendo doesn't take too serious. Especially, Nintendo did receive lawsuit from Universal Studio back then. Allegations about copyright can be very poppycock.
how could meggy save mario didn't nintendo make splatoon
did you actually get sued?
Now that I think of it how have they not been sued
Why do I feel like this gonna happen
Is Lawyer Kong’s voice the voice of the DK Rap singer in DK 64?
Is this the start of the Nintendo Ark?
will this be a new arc
0:06 what version of that song is that? Ik its dr.mario but like what version?......did smg4 make it?
9:53 Wait a minute... Isnt mean the next Villain of SMG4 Lore will be a Lawyer Kong?!
Why am I sensing a new arc? 🤔
So nobody is talking about the Ace Attorney references? Okay.
Wait so your ending?
Wait I have only a question for smg4 did you actually get sued from Nintendo when you're making your videos for years for using their characters without their permission or something like that because it really got me off balance that you got yourself sued from Nintendo themselves
SMG, u start a play in Ace Attorney? Just so many references. I love ur videos and these references *making me so happy*
Please tell me this was based off a true story.
I hate to say it, but I feel like we are getting hints of Mario and Meggy one day could get into a relationship or is it just me?
What!?!?!?!
What's up? Problem with copyright law?
Meggie is technically a lawyer isn't she?
Wait is the Miamoto voice Brooke from One piece?????
I’m still wondering if this is still part of a larger storyline. Also the way the characters act towards Mario and how Mario acts seems to change from episode to episode. I’m thinking we’re getting a Mario arc here lol
i always wondered why they havent been hit with a dmca but glad they havent!
this is the first video ive ever watched from him and im dying what the heck is happening?
Start of a new arc?
Meggy is not a ripoof splatonn model?
Alternate Ending:  Meggy: Cease and desist? Under what actions? Lawyer King: Because of your Splatoon references. Meggy: Shit.  The End.   Not a mary sue anymore.
What does this actually happened tho
I’ve always wondered why SMG4 hasn’t been sued by Nintendo yet 😂
Hey wait…is it just me or has Meggy stopped calling Mario “Red” now? I feel like I missed when that change happened.  Oh, and congrats on 6M subs too!
Didn't this actually happen to SMG4? Edit: Now that I renember he and Kevin were just threatened (I think)
Did SMG4 really get sued?
Can you tell me wotfi 2022 will be themed
2:35 Why always on smg4 vids the balanced damage must be this?🤔
Don't SMG4 videos fall under the fair use law of a parody?
Why do I hear more boss music? Like all of these isolated incidents may intersect?
When 6 million special?
Is this true?
did you actually get sued? my friend says that your being sued by nintendo for using mario in your vids. copyright strike.
i don't understand why Meggy acting Dio or anti zombie (bit of theory)
Ok, I have to know. Did you get TheInvertedShadow to help with some animations? I can recognize that quality anywhere.
why do I smell the beginning of an arc here?
Why is there always demand here?
No videos with Luigi?
Imagine if this becomes a future arc
6:41 what is the name of the song
Is this a moment when the ship is real we don't know this is real or not but if people are shipping these characters don't do it it's smg4's characters not yours
Did you actually get sued SMG4?
When does a new story arc starts
The ending confuses me on whether this is real, considering SML had this happen…
Please tell me there is another arc
Happy 6 million!!!!!! Also wouldn't Meggy be part of the Nintendo property since Meggy was originally an inkling in inkopolis and Nintendo owns splatoon with number 3 coming out soon???
Wait did that actually happen?
Will you be at GamesCom SMG4?
When's the release date for Super Luigi Gardening? When is there merch? When is there DLC? When do we get a Spin-Off? How Much is it? AND WHY ISN'T THERE A TRAILER WE NEED NINTENDO TO RELEASE SOME FOOTAGE!
I expected another arc but why SMG4 your know the only place I can make smg4 lore is my mind
And this is a begging of an arc trust me guys
Still wondering what would mario do if he would get selected as a president..
The my dreams meme is relatable but why-
did u acctully get sued or is this a joke
Did the Butt Ninja return?
when i saw this video i clicked on it so fast i started to question if im ok
Did he actually get sued IRL or is just the video idea
make a vid about what if mario was in a { any film}
6:02 but isn't Splatoon a Nintendo game?
New arc?????
Can you do Mario in poppy play time chapter 2?
wouldn't nintendo would also be able to control meggy since she's the splatoon character
Did Mario commit Tax Fraud again?
Wait did you actually get sued ?
Hmmmmmmmmm why do i feel that Lawyer Kong might be part of Wotfi
Where's wofit 2022
Is it actually posible if we get a vidio one day without nentendo charectors i know it would be just as bad as SML but im curious how that would look like if this was real.
Wait If SMG4 got sued, then why is Mario the one handcuffed?
Will we see Mario again
It this be the next arc? Btw, congrats on getting 6 million subscribers smg4. I wish I had that many
Did he actually get sues tho? That my question
Did you really get sued
Wth, why there is +1000 comments after 3 minutes of existence of this video
So wait what’s going to happen to splatoon 3?
but why a link?
Where is the clown guy?
Did something actually happen or did I just so happen to find this video 4 minutes after it was posted
Is this Real?  Did you actually get sued by Nintendo?
2nd day of asking you this: if Mario was in: Cult Of The Lamb
Why am I getting flashback from another YouTube Channel...
0:25 name of the music?
Did SMG4 really got sued?
Is this for real
Has anybody notices how much he has been playing the Malo Mart theme?
how do you add hair to an addon on gmod because it doesn't work on Brutus (fortnite) etc?
Are you actually got sued?
request : if mario was in game of thrones the house of the dragon
Where Is He
Can you upload a video on 5 October
That make me wonder did he got sue for real
Wait what.
How the heck did so many people comment already
Mmmm. Did he get sued by Nintendo possibly?
He got sued? Better call Saul!
Is this lore?
What happened to all them clowns
Smg4?! Are you actually in trouble?!...
You think this would come sooner
How?
