I did some reasearch that trip is 44k per preson I really wanna do it does anybody have 44k that they don‘t need?
Where can you buy those snow parkas? I need one.
Why am I crying when the two ships were together? It's so lovely to see people happy and wrlcoming 😊
Name of the cruise ship please. Thanks
Do you like when people get in your video cuz it sounded like you didn't like it
why did u guys cover the apple logo on the laptop at 10:30? copyright?
Is there internet onboard?
Where do you book this?
Hi. Can we see more of her in a bikini?
how can i go do this XD
How much is this cruis? Ballpark?
can you review the "On Running" shoes...you seem to have a bunch of them! keep up the good work!
What is the passenger capacity of that ship? It looks deserted.
Where's the other cruisers? All I see is empty seats and staff.
I wanna know what other questions were on your list to google once you were connected to internet again! 😂
Doesn't look like many ppl are on the ship ahha how much does something like this cost?
What is cost of the ship
You haven't had time to take your cap AT the table? Guy, you have gotten this cruise for free, the least you could do is being polite with your host, as they help you to create content. Is it that difficult to remember that you're not in Amerika?
what is the exact itinerary? Or what is the itinerary called?
Long time watcher first time commenter - just have to know where my gf and I can get those sleek supple black jogger sets, love how they look on Kara and Nate! Any help appreciated thanks!
Was that Hotel California on the violin ?
Nate, what is your height in cm?
Nice trip. Do they not serve any good food? Hamburgers, BBQ, steaks, chili, etc?
How much did his cruise cost u...
Am i the only one wondering how much 16 days on a ship like that costs ?
What is the point of going there?
why am i tearing when two ships meet and greet each other?!
Does anyone know the name of that gym machine which was “broken”? Thanks
omg how can u eat soooo much??????
Where can I get more info about this cruise?
Are those Filipino Chef I've seen on the Pantry? 😲Wow!!!
Why is that I feel like most of the crew are Filipinos?☺️
You’re on a Ponant cruise!?!? I live in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and they have a cruise that goes to Canada and around the Great Lakes from our lakefront harbor. Luxurious indeed…
Hi Kara! Super random question lol, what’s the brand of your training shoes?
why does the coffe machine sound like an air compresser
I love how your questions show the difference of depth your conversations have been also.
This costs 31000 dollars? Wow
Which location will they reach first, the North Pole  or the Island of Misfit Toys?  🎄🎁
Nice trip for you but.... you are wearing masks? :)
Why do it looks like there’s a lot of Filipino workers there hehe
Who's from ТОПЛЕС channel?  Here's our time: 19:13
Just wondering that no one is interested, how much it costs It's just interesting
What is the name of the drone pls
I started googling her questions because I'm curious
Why is there a cruise ship to the North Pole? It’s causing so much damage over there to the animals, the ozone and especially to the icebergs. As if they aren’t already to an all time low and this ship just causally breaks them as it proceeds
Would love to know how much something like this cost. Would love to be able to do it in the next few years if possible but I have a feeling it will be an easy 10k+
Its looking really great and different experience. Would love to know how much does it cost and where to book from ?
But why
this honestly looks like a dream, just fantastic! but as i was watching i found myself wondering, isnt the breaking of the ice bad for the animals living there? and what would happen if there was an animal in the direction the cruise was going in?
Training to eat more? reminds me of people vomiting up their food at festivals in ancient rome to make rome for more
So this trip was $80k???
What time is it in the north pole when all lines of longitude meet there and that's how we go by time. Every 15 degrees.
Why in the world would you make a video advertising a $40,000 trip to your subscribers you got for free. Careless and senseless.
Sauna with their swimsuits on? never seen that before :D looks like a nice view tho
Don't you guys have a kid? Who watches the baby while you two are off adventuring?
How many passengers does this ship carry?
Kara please share your exercise routine. How do you get your lean strong body…?!
12:00 in which country the time is 17 : 59 ?  In north pole you enter different time zones in a short time :)
how much does this trip cost all up?
How do you justify destroying the nature and polluting the world, yet claiming you love the nature?
how much did this cruise cost you guys ? I'm curious now if just anyone can decide to go or if its just select groups.
which cruiser is this?
People still get offended by wearing a hat in the dinning room? Grow up already :D
How much is it? All that space, barely people around. It looks like it would be expensive.
where are your kids?
Why are they all so happy about the Russian ship passing by? Thought everyone hated russians in all kinds of forms
Are  you allowed to keep the Jacket?
We love your series and I have just a goofy question: Why hide the logo on the laptop?  I've seen it in TV shows and YouTube episodes, and am just not sure of the exact reasoning.  And thanks for all the entertainment!
How much cost the tour
Kara I’m wondering what workout do you do I rly wanna know
it is nice to see N-pole. I have a question....is it really necessary to travel N-pole burning a lot of oil and gases? is it environment friendly? Is it important to disturb nature around in N-pole?
Where is the bikini lady?
It seems paradox to go to the North Pole on a cruise ship - a place that is also endangered because of the pollution of such cruise ships... Just a thought...
She lays in bed? What does she lay in bed?
Where can I find information as to what cameras you guys were using they took fabulous footage would love to know what equipment and where purchased if possible. I am sure amazon sell it as well
Why on earth do you go inside a sauna wearing a bikini, eg. swimmshorts??? You have to be naked inside.. This is ridiculous! Or is it just because you Americans are afraid of almost anything? :)
I wonder what the impact of your cruise on the local environment is there
My god, how much did this cost?
Since when do you wear clothes in a Sauna?
Would love to know who the chef is with that amazing food!
Great quality video to a destination I can only make here through you (mainly for 🥶 Ts), so thanks about your lovely and PRO description!  I’ve a question, regarding my second point I can’t do such a cruise, NATURE related: don’t you think that breaking all that ice could also break or kill some local equilibriums, or even destroy some animals ecosystems??!??
Which cruise line is this?
how much does a trip like this cost?
Should those cruises brake through the ice like that? I mean, we been complaining about icebergs breaking apart.
is kara older than nate?
Bruh, how crazy expensive must this be? Look at those breakfasts and lunches
Cost is $50,000 PER PERSON???
I wonder why they heated the pool
Is this a reupload of an old video?
Why are people being forced to wear those USELESS face diapers????
How much did that trip cost?
What costs such a journey?
Do you really think the captain is navigating. It's the first, second and third mate.
Why exactly do we need to go on cruises to the north pole and break a ton of ice on the way?
where is the naked woman from the thumbnail
hay whats your 3 word loctation? ill meet you there
Wonder why glaciers breaking 🤔 😕 😢 🙄 😪 😑 🤔 😕
What does a cruise like this cost?
going to the north pole and not one mention of santa claus??
Not sure if its a good idea breaking ice all the way there, just for whims
why your teeth is so not natural ?
They still do the mask charade? :D
What ship are you on?
How much money was it?
I’m confused, so did you get invited for the cruise or did you plan to visit and researched between the two boats and decided this one?
What is the price of such cruise on that luxury ship?
You did not mention the name of the ship or the cruise company - WTF?
I really like your videos, but can you even go to sauna in the swimsuit? Most saunas i have been to, it is a huge no no.
How do you guys afford so manny trips together
Is it bad to break the ice up? Seems like it could melt the ice caps
Is this a national geographic cruise?
Are you the only people on this boat?
How does a ship like that, not have Starlink internet?
Just had a question war all the meals included or no
This is me not knowing any better, but isn't that boat going through the ice where animals live kind of like a bulldozer going through a forest?
How many people are on the cruise with you guys?
I’ve always wanted to ask if Kara is a former gymnast? I get that hint from the backflips in tuck position off of a boat.
Anybody else watch this just to see Kara? …asking for a friend.
are yall Swedish or something?
How much for two?
Can you tell me how much this pleasure cost? Just for science :D
Is anyone else on the ship looks like you and the crew?
Is all the food and like drinks free? And how expensive is the ticket per person
first time i see one of your video, already felt in love! :) you both are great! may i ask you what is your equipment  to record those beautiful videos? i saw a gopro  but not a lot more :) thx a lot
wonder why there arent cruises to Antarctica
The Rock is from Hawaii and I sure don't know the answer to the other question lol
Hi Guys Looks Great!!! How do I find out HOW MUCH, and can you tell me what type of rocks they are in the Suana Please?
What cruise company did you use?
I wonder if they were able to use the drone, while they were on the ship.
What the name of the ship, you’re guy’s talk to fast to really get of sense of what you’re want the view to really enjoy your video🤷‍♀️
Were there kids on the cruise? Would love to bring them.
How could u upload it with no internet? Or did u get back vary quickly? Amazing footage btw
Titanic still wondering how the heck that ship can sale thru icebergs without sinking
How do you post videos on the ship?
Wow...what a great adventure.. was wondering if the meals they served on board is Halal Muslim friendly or not.?
how much did this cruise cost?
I’m really curious… do you have internet on this cruise?
What is your mic set up? It sounds great even when you are on the deck which is obviously super windy.
How much does the cruise cost ?
Still wondering what kind of man Nate is always using his wife's half naked body as click bate. Smh
beautiful footage for nice travel.enjoy it. but why are you obsessed with getting fat. it is so strange to see you obsessing about food and exercise and goal setting all for not getting fat. were you so conditioned by your education? so narrow....
Anyone know what brand that black sweatshirt Nate is wearing is?
Why are your ankles not covered? You are at the north pole. That doens't make sense at all.
Who is your cameraman is
Trying to imagine the carbon offset costs. . .
Just curious: How much was all of this?
If its unlimited devices can't we all just get your password and use your access?  lol
What song is being played at 13:45?
Kara, aren’t you cold wearing a strappy dress to dinner?  (You look great, as always, just wondering:))
What shoes does Nate have on at 10:50 those are clean!
Whats up with the masks
Is this video about a trip to the North Pole or about close ups of this woman's face and body?
Just wondering, do they require that you wear a mask sometimes?
How much it costs?
Where's the lobster and king crab legs?
I cant find your ship on the booking Website can you help?
No need to be rude and delete a simple question guys....you could even acknowledge it privately if you don't want what I said seen
Great video, but how older is your gf than you??? It looks like 15 years...
The orange an yellow coats or how you name it, you get it from the ship or did you buy it yourself?
Have you ever made a video of your shooting “process”….that is, how your every move is sort of thought out with regards to filming….and then how Kara edits it all.     Thanks for this trip!   Wish I could do this one day.
What does this cruise cost?
Is it possible to take a  vtol and land onto the landing platform of this ship to take part for a couple of days or something like that? Seems like a really cool business retreat for a couple of days. Would get a lot of work done in an environment like that if I went alone 🤔
What time do they use near the north pole, do they use French time or is there a special time?
Love the jackets where did yall get them from ?
Anyone else casually eating a can of fruit?
show us some bush
Why are you only sometimes wearing one of those useless masks? Yes…hats indoors and especially in restaurants are considered rude.
Question: how do you two afford all that you do? I imagine is get a chunk from YouTube but we’re also do you get it?
You look like you had the ship to yourselves!?
Kara and Nate..  did you experience sea sick?
just wondering how you did a google search about the Nt, pole with no internett
How many other people were on the ship with you guys? Everything always looks so empty! And how many can the boat hold?
Can we have your flexibility workout routine? I can barely touch my toes haha :D
The hat thing is a question of respect to the people serving you, fellow guests and the crew in general--I am guessing that you have not paid a cent for this trip so perhaps a modicome of respect should be shown to your benefactors.
Hello there! I love seeing all your challenges - well done for everything you have accomplished so far ! I have not yet watched ALL your videos, but wondering if you ever thought about walking the “Camino Del Rey”….
I love this, but random (possibly stupid) question... how come you guys aren't taking drone shots?
What's with the hat criticism? Wear a beanie instead? Ladies tie their messy hair, guys wear cap.
i just wanna know what the trainers (sorry i'm English, Sneakers) are that you've been wearing? the black and white ones?
There is no internet on the ship??? Omg definitely the only con 😂 I get disconnecting for a few days but almost three weeks is a lot for me😂
How much a cruise like this cost?
How many bones are in the human hand?      A handful of them.
What kind of stone is on your engagement ring finger? I understand you travel a lot so you're not wearing your diamond (for safety reasons). And by the way your trip to the North Pole looks really fascinating. It looks like the both of you are having a good time. I love to watch your travels . You two make me feel like I'm right there with you, thank you.
Loved this episode. Curiosity for those of us that suffer motion sickness with even the slightest, did you have that motion levels where you felt the rocking and ice splitting? It seemed rough that one say and the boat looked rocky.  That is my only hesitancy with Arctic cruises…the terrible motion sickness I would suffer.
What Are the amazing video
Did you get to keep the jackets ?
Did you ever see anyone else walking around the deck or swimming? Xxx
who else feels aggravated with jealousy after watching these videos?
If you ever wondered what being married to your best friend looks like ❤️🙏🏽😇 #choosewisely #greatlife
Omg! How much does this cost????
Wait! How long does a polar bear mom take care of her cubs?!
have you found Santa yet?
How much is the total cost
Are Kara and Nate polyamorous?
When does the next episode drop?
I love the channel and love the content. One thing a lot of creators do that I don't understand. Why the black tape on the laptop logo or any product logo? The idea of "sponsor me, or I'm not showing your product" drives me nuts. If you use their product and it helps make your life easier, didn't they do a good job? Isn't that enough to promote or give them credit by showing their branding? I might be completely wrong, and there's a whole other reason for that; if so, please someone explain.
What time is it at the North Pole or what time zone is the North Pole in? Did you see Santa Clauses home?
Since you have traveled almost everywhere.. have you thought about where and/or how you’ll retire someday… when your ready to? I’m just curious.
Yet another fantastic adventure! I'm curious how you offset the CO2 from all your travels?
How much is this trip???
32 grands for one person? How is this even possible.
Hat? That's an issue? Lol, I had to rewind that section of the video to make sure I got it right, and the comments! Oh goodness - so many opinions on a hat! Lol, I didn't even notice you wore one - it really doesn't matter to me. But then, I'm Norwegian, and we have different social rules I guess :D
People telling you not to wear a hat in a restaurant? I hate to use the phrase but Ok boomers I'm 32 I wear hats all the time who cares.
Not disagreement but a debate. I’m just waiting thoroughly enjoying your beautiful cruise to the North Pole
Is there any place you guys haven't explored? OMG...... God bless you both. Travel safe...
How much is this exact cruise?
What's the difference or the relationship between Ponant and Swoop?
What is the "Nature" clip you added in here? Can we watch it on YouTube?
SANTA, IS THAT YOU?
This looks like an amazing cruise.  Love your schedule on board…breakfast, workout, lunch, spa, afternoon nap!😀  Love how you go to the juice bar after each work out, just because you can! I would do the same!  I also love your workout shoes.☺️ May I ask the brand name? Would love to get a pair like that, they look super comfy and cool!  Thanks for sharing this amazing adventure! You two look like you have a lot of fun.
Are yall the only guests on the ship? 🚢 ⚓
I need to know. For people prone to motion sickness would you not recommend this cruise?
It’s not an argument.😂 It is an academic conversation or Socratic discussion.
Wait, what? 467k views in 12 hrs for Kara and Nate...  Viral? Kind of for them...  Cheers!
Great video as always, thank you for sharing. I have to ask, what is the retail price of the package that you are enjoying? Trust me everyone wants to know...
lol Kara’s question about polar bears in harsh weather made me curious.  Based on a quick Google search, polar bears occasionally dig out snow dens for shelter but usually they’re pretty well equipped to just handle the harsh conditions.
We’re you required to wear masks indoors or was it just your preference?
Kara and Nate, please inquire about the age of the oldest person on the ship?
How do you post without internet
Have you guys thought about the fact that Russians are committing genocide on Ukrainians? You have control over your video editing. Use it.
Did y’all meet any other people on the ship?  Sometimes it seems like you’re the only two on the ship
Tell me you all have gloves 🧤? I’m sure you need fingers for the cameras, but haven’t seen one glove or mitten yet!
Another great video!  How do you guys afford to travel so much?  Seriously, you are so very lucky, I would love to travel like this!
How do you deal with motion sickness being on a ship for so long?
Magnetic or geographic north pole?
What are the chances that someone on the other ship was vlogging and they filmed you guys? That'd be amazing.
Why did the two boats meeting make me tear up
Hi guys! Does Kara have any ballet or gymnastics background? That's some impressive flexibility!!!
Might be a dumb question LOL but i thought trees provide us oxygen so if there are no trees around, how are y’all breathing?
6 weeks Prego? Indentions in stomach and hip bones?! 😊
Filipino crew? hello to all our Kabayans!! :D
Genuinely curious how bad breaking ice with a ship like this (or uneeded) it is for the environment? This can’t be good.. respectfully.
Am I blind? Since when did Kara get a nose piercing?
Kara, how do you still so fit with all the traveling? What are your habits for fitness while living life on the road?
Did you guys clean the olive oil bottle stopper before putting it back on after dropping it coz if you guys didn't i think it is kinda unhygienic
When are y'all having kids? How much fun do you need? life is more.
What cruise line is this? My husband and I would love to do this trip.
We searched the price of this trip, we can't do it. How are you financing this trip? Please share if you want of course.
Was the staff member who gave you the menu and wine during dinner  Filipino? :)
How do you post on YouTube without internet
why do you guys cover your apple logos on your macs?
This might be a dumb question, but how do they avoid hitting animals on the ice
How many cabins on your ship and how many passengers on this voyage? The ship seems empty.
The video quality is amazing!! Did you guys get a new lens??? I would like to buy 😍
Wait… it’s only -12c with wind chill… dang that’s seems warmer than I expected
What do you mean there is no land at the North Pole?  Where does 🎅🏾 and the elves live?
What kind of ship is that, that it doesn't have Starlink? 🧐
Did you meet any fun people on board?!
How many people are on the ship?
Please tell me yall tried the pool outside!! Lol
I write down random questions too when I need to goggle it later 😂
I know you guys said you don’t want to be on your phones, but watching you guys is so fun! How do you come up with your crazy adventures? By research or recommendations?
guys I love what you do.... but is this filmed in Aug 2022... after Russia's invasion of Ukraine?      if it is then I am so amazed that there are some of Russia's population who are still behaving as citizens of the world... or is this way before Feb 2022
Are there others on this trip? Looks amazing
Where are the other passengers so few?
You have eaten at some really cool places, but I have to know where have you had the best food of your life?
Really enjoying this series! I was wondering how many guests are on the cruise?
Doesn’t anybody find it ironic that this trip is possible because of polar ice melting and they’re on a ship also helping that ice melt faster?
How much the full tour cost in the cruise?May i know plz?i love ur vlogs so much..keep spread happiness u both are doing so well.good luck for ur future trips
Why is there no Wi-Fi?
Were you freaked out about being SO FAR from land?! You both are amazing... love your sense of adventure and desire to discover new places, people and things!
Is it really £27,000 ? Looks amazing though just wish I had the money
Is there truly no one else on the ship with you aside from staff? I don’t think I’ve seen anyone else. What an adventure!
How are they posting then if they have no internet
How'd you guys sleep on the boat if there is no sunset? :) Does the boat have black outs?
Did you tell us how much to cruise is?
Wait, why is there no Internet. That's one reason I wouldn't book this trip
19:51 this icebreaker?  https://youtu.be/bKaVhXn49xY at 1:20
how are u guys uploading if you don’t have internet?
The food looks amazing 🤩 idk if I'd so much like the ❄️ cold🥶 though!?!? I'm more of a ....warm sunshine kinda person! Maybe for a three day cruise;)
How many people are on this cruise? Every time at dinner it looks like nobody is around or when you were listening to music it doesn't look like many people are there. But I guess that sounds nice, instead of some of those ship where they pack people in like sardines! lol  Also watching Nate try and walk on the ship with the wind was hilarious! May have gone back and rewatched that a couple times. :)
I need to know how much this cost!!🤩
Tell me why I wanted to cry when the two ships were passing lol
Curious if breaking the ice is negatively affecting the environment? Will the ice easily fuse back together, is it disrupting the wildlife’s land?
Looks AMAZING! Love the vid <3 One question- don't you get sea sick?
Did any of you suffer with sea sickness on this cruise?
Can anyone else appreciate that they have different chapters in every video. I love it.
Tell us about your new wedding ring, Kara.
i don't see links to the boat tours on the description
When was this filmed?
Wait this trip costs......$40,000?!?!?!
wait how do they post without wifi
12:45 looks like alan walker :D nobody one the ship ? :P
I wish there was more info on whether or not breaking all this ice is ok for the north pole considering how much ice is being lost there. Makes me sad for the polar bears.
Is there a time when the ship can’t sail because of ice thickness?
I hope you explain the helicopter it seems to move what do they use it for?
I can help with only one of those questions Kara, Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson is from Hayward, California. Just FYI Zendaya is from Oakland, California. Both locations are about 40 minutes from San Francisco as the crow flies.
Enjoying your videos.  Please ask Ponant why they charge Americans more than others to go on their cruises.  Prices on their EU website is much lower than on their US website.  Thank you.  Happy travels.
Just two questions: 1) What dates was this shot? 2) Did you pay for this cruise?
Is this really a 40000 dollar trip per person? Yikes!
How much is this cruise?
That must be like a 35k USD trip?
What is Nate reading?
Were there other passengers on this cruise? Seems you guys were alone, or the only one using the gym and spa Edit: I did see a few people during happy hour & dinner.
We love your videos!  Look forward to them every week. We travel vicariously thru your videos.  About the food thing...could you put in a screen shot of the menus where ever you are eating? So we could see what we would eat?  That would be awesome!🍔🍕🌮🍉
wait....where are the links? Did I miss it? I want to plan a polar trip also! 😀
what shoes is Nate wearing?!
Have you guys watched Cecilia Blomdahl? She is a YouTuber who lives in Longyearbyen! I started watching her clogs about a year ago and they are so interesting! I was excited to see you guys, Kara and Nate, departing on the North Pole cruise from there! You should check out Cecilia if you haven’t yet.
So random , but why do you the tap over your macbook now?
Why are you still wearing masks?
So are they going to give you a compass to see what the needle does while you are at the North Pole?  Being right at the north  Pole i would expect for the needle to not move or spin. Which would be a geographic north I imagine it as being that since you are at the pole you would have to us visual to get around not a compass if you where lost. So the stars or the sun or the moon? Being in just say Canada you pull out the compass and you know at least the direction of north cause the needle is actually pointing north any way you turn. That’s the magnetic part of it.    ❤️🇨🇦
How unwatchable have these two grown to be?
I wonder how much this costs. I’d love to do this.
I think I already watched this vlog? did you just re-upload this or you guys went there again? haha confused.
What are the mask rules? Seems to be no rhyme or reason.
Guys, I really admire you both a lot. Love your videos and I wish to meet you some day. Can I ask how do you both manage to remain lean and in shape all the time in spite of traveling a lot? Do you eat whatever you want or follow a diet?
This is such an interesting journey...dying to know what it costs.
is this cruise seriously 40 grand a person??
LOL, Nate wearing his baseball cap...........indoors? I would not have noticed, or cared for that matter, unless someone brought it my attention. What's a cowboy without his hat? A few men in my life wear a hat, like a woman wears a bra. It's customary.
why are ppl so pressed abt wearing a hat in a restraunt like its JUST  a hat
So curious what the other people on the cruise do for a living to afford this …
How much was the cost for the entire trip?
Question …if the earth rotates at 1000 miles per hour do you feel dizzy at the North Pole axis ???? Lol
what's the cruise line?
This ship is so cool! Love this series!! Do you guys ever get sea sick on these trips? I would be worried about spending a lot of money to go on something so amazing and spend the whole time eating crackers and drinking ginger ale.
@Kara where’s the bikini from??? Love it
Please do a food review of the ship
What is the name of the ship please
Why the fuck does this come up when I looked up 1960 corvette?
So you can't take your hat off when you're eating? It takes 1 second. Freaking Americans...
Was this a gratis trip by Ponant?
out of curiosity what song was nate listening to whist he was running ?
What's with the multiple helicopters? Commuters?
Where are the links? Am I the only not seeing them??
I have a crazy question: isn't it bad for big ices in the North Pole that this ice breaker ship breaks them? Is it ok for nature to do it?!!! 🤔😉😀
I mean technically it's more an ice crusher then a breaker
is china virus still alive and well on cruise ships that go to the north pole?
Can y’all list what you had for dinner the night you did this video?    Someone better tie a rope around Kara in that wind! lol  ONE OF YOUR QUESTIONS:  Dwayne Douglas Johnson, also known as The Rock, was born on May 2, 1972 in Hayward, California.  Another awesome video!
If the North Pole is just frozen water, where does Santa live?     Y’all better look for him up there….  😉
Sweet for breakfast? For Norwegians, it is limited to Saturdays when the TV is switched on and the family gathers.
From where did you book this trip? Any promising resources who has enough experience who arranges this trip for travelers?
Guys I was looking on the website which exact sailing is this one?
Have your shoes dried yet Kara?😂😂
Is anyone else always starving after swimming
What kind of a sauna is that the when you can breath in the steam and not recoil
Why cant humans be this nice to each other all the time and everywhere? I felt that human connection free from all prejudice it actually made me tear up!
Is there a way you can see how many times a video has been paused?
Where did you board the ship?
Am I the only one with tears after seeing the  two ships pass?  Something about being in such a remote place,  then meeting another large group of people in that same remote place, moved my soul.
no internet? how are you going to verify your GPS coordinates are actually 90° N?
Hmm  that didn't sound like wind.. they're probably experimenting on seals somewhere on that ship😬😱💀
Wait!  Why does the ship have big steel blast doors outside the regular sliding glass doors at 16:51 ?
We need to know how much it costs?
Nates trying to run a certain number of kilometers?
Well, great but…is anyone else is confused why an icebreaker tour when we are in the middle of the August?
How tall are you Nate?
Daily life on a cruise ship in the North Pole?!?…as if I’m ever going to be on a cruise in the North Pole
But why does the coats look so comfy tho???
