Music at 42:00???
Intro theme? Someone?
What does one have to do to locate a video that shows a ship exit the atmosphere and enter space, or a video of re-entry. Everything I find blacks out or moves into animation during the definitive moments of space flight, besides the launch. Any help is much appreciated thanks guys
I can’t help but wonder what video and still cameras they are fitting in these satellites for VIP customers like NSA.  I mean, 60,000 low orbit spies - each like an SR71 only live data feed.  Add to that data mining of the internet feeds; wow what a trove!  I’ll bet that Starlink is well funded...
hi elon musk, where do the solar panels go on your starship. I really like that Super heavy has the legs for landing, just use harder metals. La starship Moon no necesita los Raptor s para aterrizar en tierra y podría usar tres SSM. Para mantener un basé en la Luna.
Idk if this is me being high of if it’s a good idea but Would it be smart to like send rockets and shit to the moon before Mars? Wouldn’t it take less momentum or something to get of Mars and into space if we prepared them in the moon and cuz of the moons gravitational force is weaker?
The landing was a scam?
can you please tell me how many armpits is wide the field on "of course i still love you" ? i get it's almost 200 feet, but i don't use feet for measurements. i use armpits
1:02:55 Cosmic particles started to fly near Stage2 engine?!
I wonder if the landing pads were magnetized if you could more easily control a fast descent or aligning its landing. divert the remaining ship's power to the pads and charge the ground pads. in the dream I had, the ship was using that electrical winding as an alternative energy source
who else is dealing with super long connection issues with only youtube working? ive rebooted my satellite multiple times, no cable issues, and it just wont let me use anything other than youtube.
What happens to the 2nd stage after satellite deploy ? I guess it re-enters the atmosphere and burns up, is there any images of that ? The onboard cameras are still working, right ?
Why don't you guys electronically stabilize those very long ground camera shots?  Doesn't seem like it  would be difficult, at all, likely there is possibly even free software to do this.  Then you don't have two dots dancing and vibrating all over the screen.  Also, some G telemetry shown might be kind of cool.  The on booster down view vid during final descent was VERY cool!
why is the landing of the first stage booster so difficult to translate to starship?
tell me about the background noise that's coming from the headquarters.
Oh, did the FAA make it to the launch in time?
Does anyone know the name of the tune at the beginning of the webcast with the SpaceX logo?
covid-19 + vaccines + 5G + starlink + neural link + false messiah = blue beam project?
How do you come with the names of the recovery ships?
Does anyone know or have a good guess of how many satellites they’ll need to start actual service in North America?
I was just thinking maybe the bigger rocket forgive me for not recalling the name .Maybe it blew up on landing because there wasnt enough clearance for all the heat the massive rocket was putting out .so I was thinking if the landing legs were longer there would be more clearance .or its the obvious and it was just cominng in to fast
What's the purpose of this
Is no one gonna say anything about Jessie looking amazing! And her webcasts are always on point! Great work!
at 1:05:10 there is stuff flying in front of the camera. what is that?
100% CGI. Anybody think this is real?
21:49 Hi SpaceX. Any possibility of improving object tracking at this point? Asking for a friend.
I wonder why we can only afford two bad cameras. Instead of 5 good ones
Who pays for this? How do they make money to do this?
How is exactly the stage 1 pinpointing the drone ship?
Ok just asking and please no bad mojo! Is Starlink "Magmar"? Because last time Starlink was kicked on it became Magmar! 😶 No joke! Love you NASA!
Is this the clearest landing view on ocean so far?
Why it is not going vertically up into space? What is with the horizontal flight?  https://youtu.be/kRAzuAVbyX0
Can someone explain what is all the stuff flying around at 1:03:33?
Does Grimes do the music for these SpaceX videos? That song in the beginning of the stream definitely sounds like something she would make.
How come we never get actual good footage of space? Does it even exist lmao
What happens to the second stage after the satellites are deployed?
when  may the jettisioned rod at deployment remain an orbital debris?
where are the stars?
Why do I cry when I watch these?
1:03:35 what was that?! 😳
Anyone else wondering if Grimes composed the intro music?
in future Mars will also have Starlink internet?
1:06:00 at 1:06:25. Can someone explain what's little like sand (white point) crossing camera view?
Where do I download this music?
Why was the earth not blue like on the discovery channel ???
Whats the music in this!?!??!?!?!?!
What will happen to the booster after detaching from deployed satellites?
How Do rocket find the landing area when it s landed?
Did the girl interview Is crying cuz the voice looks like
just wondering if the satellites are in low orbit Like the ISS once was and they move the ISS up because debris was hitting it wont these little satellites copp a pounding from that same debris.
Why only one Falcon 9? Why not a Falcon Heavy with the other two boosters? Appears to be the same payload as before. Hmmm.
When will Roane county West Virginia get starlink?
dislikes from ROSCOSMOS employees?
Why 5 min "Intro" ?
Whats all the bright dots at 1hr 6 20?
After launch of sattelites where does go the second stage rocket?
what's the blue line for ?
They don't want to give us footage anymore for some reason? clearly the cameras were working on both stages, wtf
26:45 what's wrong with her voice ?? it looks a shaky voice anxiety !!  hey lady, be confident in yourself,
How much is a stack of satellites? 64 of them?
Is this music by Elon Musk.🤣🤣🤣
when will Starlink be available for boating?!?!?!?!?!?!?
So all this is done to give people a better gaming experience?
Is it possible to put all the songs used in the live streams in the description or somewhere else please? Those are awesome! For some reason most of them can't be found using music recognition softwares.
Did the second stage booster come back?
Any one know what area of the world these are targeted for? I already know that early satellites were for Canada and the Northern USA. Can't wait :)
Do You have a Radar tracking camera or some  guy tried to?
1:05:07 what is all that debris flying about
Why stage 1 does never return to Cape Canaveral like before?
little bit harder (touchdown) today?
Is this the first time we've seen that perspective of the droneship landing from the boosters? That really looks super great!
Thank you everyone at SpaceX, this is always good for the soul.  Question   Would it be possible to have a camera on one of these satellites so we can watch the solar array deploy and travel to its final position. I know nerdy, but still cool   Thank you   William J McCartan
Where can I track this starlink batch in real time? I mean THIS, the one they just launched.
Why do they always lose signal on landing? Amazing btw
Could anyone explain why was there a sudden increase in the altitude during 57:48
6:57 — What's _tele-mis'id_ ?
Does anyone else think Falcon 9 looks weird after seeing Starship for so long?
Some of these new tracks Shazam fails to recognize.  I wonder the titles, especially: 1:19:25 | 1:20:04
Why do they wait so much to deploy de legs?
Why right at max-q (20:10) white smoke appeared? Is that a result of throttling down the engines?
How was this streamed one day ago? 🤷‍♂️
Why were there 2 narrators?
The boosters are becoming so black that those who aren't familiar with Falcon 9 will think, the first stage of this rocket is painted black.
