what would you do if the wall is Solid brick?
The wires are still sticking out of the wall, you just have them hidden by the wall unit, correct?
What do you do when the wall is filled with insulation?
Hope they can make In wall use approved extension cables as this one is code violation
Can you hide TV power cord behind wall? We don't recommend that you put your TV power cords behind your wall. It's against code, and for good reason—it's a fire hazard and against National Electrical Code. A regular power cord behind a wall can overheat or get damaged where you can't see it
I live in South Africa and our houses are typically built out of brick (yes, even interior walls). How can I hide the wires in this case?
Where is the power socket connected?!
How can you get past the blockings?
What if you have a brick wall instead of drywall?
Do American homes not have nogs/dwangs in the walls? before you do this you have to make sure that you dont have any horizontal timber in your walls
Why does no one mention anything about the horizontal "fire breaks" of wood that are placed between the vertical studs?
That's called a wall?? It's like paper
what happens when you pull the TV from the wall, did you leave slack for that and is it safe to run power cables thru the wall?
Nicely done but did you mention the electrical wires,gas lines etc that may be in the way?
But what if your walls are not made out of cardboard? 🤔
But you have a pull out TV. You won't be able to pull it out anymore without major problems. Do you have a video on what to do about that?
Who would ever mount their TV that high on the wall?
Can you please do 1 for brick walls
How about if you want to do it on an exterior wall?
Knickers! How do you feed a mains lead with a three pin plug attached to the TV?
Is it against code to run the power cord down wall?
why not show how it looks on the bottom end???  Its like you didnt finish the video?
Don't like stuff floating 'round in your walls? Where do you think the drywallers put all the scraps?
Another thing to consider is how far down to put the bottom cut out.  If you have an open back TV stand  you might still see the cables poking out of the bottom hole.  So I would ensure that the bottom hole is well below the open section of the cabinet. If you have a closed back cabinet it doesn't matter.
The TV is over the fireplace, so I have to go horizontal before I go down, any recommendations?
Seriously, why do all these DIYers show people who have only drywall. My house is 100 years old, all plaster & lathing.
you might want to check with your insurance to see if they will cover you in case of a fire with power lines in the wall that are not up to code.
Question running the electrical tv 📺 cable inside the drywall like you just did isn’t that a fire hazard and a code violation?? Please can anyone give me an answer thanks 🙏
This looks so easy and well done.  Where do we purchase the boxes for wires? What are they called please.  Thank you
All of that, but I still didn't see how he connected the wires.😐
Hmmmmnn this job is done with easy peesy plaster board, I live in a house made of bricks, so trunking would work better.
I did not see how you connected the power ?
Why is that TV mounted so high? It's only at eye level if you're standing, or has this guy stolen Emmet's doudle decker couch from the Lego movie?
What about the 2 by 4 that is nailed across the studs.. Aren't these cross boards part of code?
Great but how about something less permanent for those who like to rearrange often?
How can we do this on a solid wall?
Not much use if you have insulation in your dry wall really is it ?
You ran the AC power cable through the low voltage plate. Did it violate electrical code?
What if you have a English house, built in 1938 of brick?
No insulation? Good luck in a outer wall!
Any tips on what to do if gravity isn't going to help you run the wire in the wall?
Why would you want to run power cables with signal cable?. to me you would run power cables on one side and signal cables on the other to stop any interference from the power cables
Is the TV cord always long enough to feed through like that?
What if you have insulation in the wall?
I don’t understand why everybody mounts their TV’s so high up on the wall. Does everybody watch TV standing up now?
Hello, How did you check for the nogging; there is no mentioning of it.
All I hit is insulation in the wall …. Any advise how to get through it ?
I’m hoping that you’ll respond. It looks like this video is kind of old. I’m very curious when you want to add more wires, do you have to pull out the bottom piece so that the wire will drop down?
Check for studs and wires on both the upper and lower areas before doing any cutting
How do you do this if the wall is filled with insulation padding?
How do you thread the cables/wires from the top cut out to the bottom???
Are there any issues with pulling the TV out with the arm mount after doing this? I want to mount my TV with a similar mount that can extend the tv out, but I'm concerned about pulling on the wires if I tuck em behind the wall.
What’s the name of the box you placed in the wall?
What about a brick wall
Where to get ur wall tv mount?
Why use a utility knife when you could chug a monster and punch a hole in the drywall
What? No horizontal studs? 🤔🤔🤔
Can we do this if a stud is in the way?? I have a ugly wire showing and this would look alot better if I can install it
Why are American walls made of cardboard
I hid the wires now where's my $10??
Who the fuck mounts a tv that small so high?
What about Indian walls
why not show feeding wires down....
What did you do with the wires once you pulled them thru the last box?
I think it needs a pipe in between the two face plates so that you can drop a new cable down though the wall or if you replace the tv then trying to hook out the power plug with fingers in a bet up and though a tight gap is going to be rather interesting.
This looks amazing but is it a critter highway?
Hmm, most houses that I know of have insulation inside their wall, so you can't just drop the wires down, but if you could, this is a great solution
All that for a 24 inch tv?
Is this fire hazard? Cause the technician guy told me that I must find a electrician to do it ?
Is it still this easy if you have insulated walls?
Why do you have the tv that high? Looks kinda funny :)
What about the huge draft thats gonna come outta that gaping hole around the wires especially in cold climates
Probably a stupid question but can you reattach the piece of wall you cut out?
Isn't that a fire code violation?
Is that the Invicta pro diver on your wrist? Nice!
Where's the tv plugged? I don't get it
Did anyone else notice he drilled the screws into thin air 😂 there was no wall behind the actual screws 😂
Is your wall made out of card board?
I always wondered how they hid the wires
Now when you move, how the hell do you close the huge hole we just put in our wall? 😅😩
Couldn't there be a cross stud?
Wth I need to know how u feed wires in wall
What about the blocking across the studs in older homes? The cables won't pass through them. Also, running your electrical line (high voltage) down through the wall could void your homeowner insurance policy if there is a fire as a result. It is NOT to code. You'll have to get an outlet installed up behind your TV to do this correctly.
Omg your wall is a piece of paper, what about if you have a real wall like bricks or something
I've been trying for weeks to get this to work with my brick wall. What am I doing wrong?????
What about noggins between the wall studs????    Those will prevent the wiring from dropping down???   Tschuess aus Australien
Suppose the walls are plaster not drywall. Do you use a hammer to make a hole in the wall?
$10? More like $210! Some people have to buy a drill, drywall electric saw, a stud finder etc…false advertising
What if it is a concrete wall?
All well and good my friend but what's the solution when you have a "noggin" between the upper and lower cable plate position..?
What do you do if you have a house that was built of qiality materials and you have a solid wall instead of a prefab large dolls house
The title sounds like a Jeopardy category
Did I just watch this FOOL run a live power wire inside the wall?? Hey moron other people are watching this and will do the same! Not sure how many houses are going to catch fire thanks to your idiocy!
How do you get your cables past a horizontal stud halfway between the two boxes ?
Do you need to use a drill to tighten the screws or can you use a screwdriver.
great video, but why blast us with the horrible music at the end?
Why would anyone want a tv so high?
Great video but here in Latin America every house is solid concrete build so, this option is out of the question...
What about all of that hot air from inside of the walls that comes out of those holes as a result?
What if you don’t have a tv??
This is something I have wanted to do for years, and now I know how!  THANK YOU!  One question - in some of the walls in my house, I have horizontal studs as well as vertical ones.  If those exist behind the wall, what do I do then?  This was a problem when I installed home security video cameras.  They couldn't run wires from the attic down to the central unit, so they made it a wi-fi system, which is far less reliable.  Great video.  Short and to the point.
Not an electrician here but I'm pretty sure you're not supposed to run the power cable for the tv in the wall like that.  Nice idea though
Not an expert here, but what do you do about fire blocks in the wall?
Uh what if you want to pull the tv out.
That’s so cool. What if you get a mouse in your wall?  I would be afraid of them chewing the wires. Just wondering.
Dont houses in america have bricks in their walls?
What about noggins that could block the wires.
But what if the wall build with bricks and cement.
What if the tv is above a fire place?
Hmm it’s not allowed to run power cables through the wall but you can use a powerbridge
Is it safe for the power cord to be in the wall?
Look like the MAN version of Tom Holland?!! LOL😁🙃
Simple vid, thank you!  However, I don't know what to look for in tge store... What is the NAME of the "little guy" u pit through the wall to pass wires thru?  And where can I get it?
What if u wanted to pull the tv out  Wouldn’t it pull the wires and they could get stuck
Is it code to run the power cable thru the same feed together with other cords behind the wall? I’ve read somewhere that people make independent outlets behind the tv just to avoid doing this
Great vide but I thought you’re not supposed to have power cable wires run behind sheet rock due to hazard/fire code violation????
Question: what if there’s studs running horizontally between point a and point b?
What are this houses??? Its like slicing a cake
You can cut your wall?!
Itll be harder if the power outlet is not right under the tv....what if the outlet is farther to the bottom left or farther bottom right to the tv?how will we get the wires to line up behind the wall to the bottom cable plate?
Does your setup still look like this?
Pretty sure it's against code to run power cable through wall as its not rated for that.
How you do that on a concrete  wall 5in wide
Why's the TV mounted so high? I see this with a lot of Americans, it's quite odd.. Ideally you'd wanna be looking straight ahead, maybe even down a tiny bit.
What can I do if I have a lateral stud....I'm bummed as hell
Is this for an inside wall with a room on the other side.  Or a wall with the outside of the house on the other side, because then you have insulation and vapour barrier to worry about dont you?
I was expecting you to show us an example of extending and retracting the tv from the wall, thats the purpose of doing this with a swivel mount isnt it?
Are you suppose to put power cord in the wall?? Ive seen other videos where they say its not safe. 7 million wow!!
Paper walls?
Once you ran the wires through the wall, none of them looked long enough to reach the a/v receiver. Did they magically extend by themselves or did you go out and buy more wires?
What about the 2x4 that are about half way in the walls that are used for fire not to spread?
how we can do this on brick wall ??
Why do people mount their TVs so high?
Why is the tv so high up the wall?
I am just wondering why so many people mount these tv's so high.  This one is at eye level if you are standing, but most people sit to watch tv.  Mount it lower and you don't need to worry about the cables, you can just use the other components  to hide the wires.
i have question i want my tv mounted as well but wall is like yours mine has got face bricks painted how do i go about it ...
How do you do it in a Mobile home
How about a cement wall?
How do you feed the wires through without losing them behind the wall?
Great video. Do you have any videos on how to fix an outdoor outlet that stopped working, by any chance?
Nice..however, wouldn't there be opening/gap on that piece after we put wires behind? I
How to do it when my wall is cement?
How do you ensure the wires drop down exactly where you put the bottom plate?  I'm so afraid of cutting then go to drop chords and they get stuck or disappear LOL
I’m missing something! Where are you plugging in at ?
can u only use this on drywall?
How did you feed the wires from the top to the bottom??😅😅
Very simple Video thx. One question what to do if a cord is to short to plug in to outlet? Thanks again.
Perfect holes for roaches and rats ???
What if its a wood that has wood paneling what do you recommend and what about after how would I fix it
@lrn2diy hey I'm living in a rental.  Any chance you can put a video together on how to fill the hole back in and paint It over good as new?
does it get any easier than this?...nice vid...
Great Video!! Just a quick question, Are you looking to try out a new opportunity that has all the tools to try out FOR FREE????? Come and join us for a $1to try out and market yourself or find a new business. It is for sure beginner friendly!  http://1dollar-new.incomebuilder.me
What if your wires aren't long enough?
When did you use the stud finder? You most definitely left that part out of your video...!?!
If you run a extension cord behind the wall to plug in your TV is that a fire hazard? And what causes it?
What about preventing ants, mice, roaches and etc from using the new openings as a path to immigration into my home. I know that chemicals can be sprayed, but some folks don’t want to go that route and some are allergic to some of the chemicals. Any suggestions...?
I thought there would be some insulation between the studs.
What about insulation
What if you rent? You can’t go cutting holes in the walls. Do you have any solutions for that?
what if you have to deal with a fireplace?
You didn't show the bottom once you ran cords through, do you have to connect close to wall outlet on the bottom? Sorry new to all this might sound like a dumb question
What if my wall its bricks or concrete??
What about insulation? How does one deal with that?
Cutting walls with a box cutter is some american comfort i'm too european to understand?
Great video I got a question just purchase a 82" TV and I want to mount it over my fireplace, I'm sure the cords won't reach the outlet on the side of the fireplace near the floor,  what would you suggest ? And thanks
Is your walls made of cardboard? Where are you live?
hi, i have one cable outlet in a 3 bed room home its in the living room , how can i get cable outlet in my bed rooms
How did you run the wires? Did you use a fishing line?
Is it legal to pass an extension cord through the wall?
What if you run into a firewall block
Hello,  Thank you for the information and I do have a question; how do I apply this method if a wall has insulation ?   Thank you
What if there’s insulation in the wall? How do you feed the cables then??
Can you run the cables diagonally downward?
What if you have insulation in your walls? But otherwise good tip!👍🏾
What if there is insulation how you run your wires with out getting them stuck?
The real question is why are houses in the US made out of a cardboard box?
what if my walls are made out of bricks?
What if my wall has no hole?
What about people who rent and cant just cut giants holes into their walls?
What are the 4+ wires by name?
What if u have a brick wall?
Ok. How do you get around any fire break blocks between the studs ??
How do the wires do when you turn your TV? We turn our TV alot and I am hesitant to do this because of that.
What do I do if my wall is mate from actual stone / concrete tho
My dywall is 3/4" thick. I can't get this plastic box to hold on . Does this only work on 5'8" or 1/2" drywall?
What if the wall has a divider between the studs to add more stability to the wall? Example the wall is built looking like the letter H all the way from corner to corner
my home is full concrete how can I cut 10 inch concrete wall?
What if the power outlet is not directly down below the TV but 2 to 3 feet on the side below?
How did you get your cables started from the top of the hole? Please email me to Fastcars31@yahoo.com
Does this work on plaster walls?
What about bugs crawling through the holes now????
That is the wall? 😂
Instructions unclear, dick stuck in wall.
What type of wall is this 😂
Shouldn’t there be insulation behind that wall when he pulled it the little hole out
I'm not hating or anything but do you know people make money off of doing that not really cool for you too try to make it seem like you're only spending $10 to hide your wires I do that professionally for a living and it does not cost $10 to do such work
How can you make sure that there is no fire block
What if you got rats in the cavity and they decide to watch telly with you?
wth??? where's the insulation at!?
What abouts bugs
Is this usa... this isn't a house in kenya... we call them mabati... people of slams use them
what if there's a stud on the way that is not mounted horizontally?
You have a duplex outlet below TV for 120v at tv height. Your video left out where you are plugging in the tv. Did  drag an extension cord through the wall? If you did stop instructing people to do this. Thanks
Hey fellas where do you buy the boxes.  .??
You should have should us what all the wires looked like while plugged in after you ran them through the wall
What if my wall is concrete? 🏭
Why would you put the TV so stupidly high on the wall??  Total noob move.  Looks like a place where my mother would put a TV.  I bet the same people who put their TV so high also won't sit in the front row bc "It'll hurt my neck".
Do you have any tips on how to fix the wall afterwards? I’d love to do this but I’m not sure my landlord would be to keen on the idea.
@LRN2DIY thanks for this. I have a question. I want to mount my tv over the fireplace. The outlet is on the the wall to the right. is this impossible?
Where would you tighten the bolts if there was nothing to tighten the bolt too? They just slid in.
My question is... how In The hell u get the wires to come out the bottom to grab... aren’t the wires in the wall once u slide the wires thru the top... how will I get my wires out the bottom 🤔 ??? I promise u skipped that part.
In Germany, Europe and Uk these walls have insulation in them mainly for sound. So how are you gonna do that?
When the wall is made of bricks or concrete; How do I hide the cables?
How did you check wire inside the wall....?
OK well what if for some reason you have insulation in your interior wall and you cannot feed wires through
Where I can get that TV holder?
Any solution for brick walls?
Are those american walls lol cos mine are all brick even my 1 fake wall isnt just an empty panel....
I thought there was a residential code to put a 120v outlet behind the tv?
How can you say $10 fix’s when you need $200.00 worth of tools.
What do you do when it’s an exterior wall and there’s insulation in the way preventing cables to be easily dropped down the bottom hole? This probably won’t be answered, so I’m probably wasting my time writing this. 😕😑
I thought you are going to paint the wires to match the wall color
How to recreate this intuition in India brother ? I hope you know about Indian walls ! 😌
His house is made of wood?!
Why did you hang tv so high?
How about a cement wall
Why is your tv so high up on the wall? Are you standing while you watch tv?
Nice. Now how can I do that in an old house with plaster walls. Then is there a arm like that for these 75"+ screens as I'm researching to upgrade my whole system to that point.  Thanks.
Can u do the same if the wall is made of brick?
Is there a part number for this and what its called
How did you connect the dvr cable wire to the tv?
Can you come to my 🏡? I would pay 100.00. Oh well... I’ll have to DIY... when  I can. 🤔Cheers👍
Will this affect sound and temperature going through the walls?
I have a question though... Your tv stand is flexible, meaning you can move it side to side and in and out. Wouldn't that be an issue because it would pull the wires when you move the tv?
are all walls like this in america?
Where did you get the wall mount?
Or you could just use a drill with a bore?
1 question. Ever heard of a sheetrock saw? That was one of the most amateurish installs I have ever seen. Take the video down and let a pro teach.
My tv is on top of fire palace and the all lines are looking I don’t know how to covert it plz can u tell me way ?
How does your TV even stay up on that cardboard wall??????
What you use the tape measure for?
What if its concrete wall?
what if you have actual real walls? in no part of my home do we have walls you can punch through or even drill through without a hammerdrill
$10?????? No more like a few hundred as most households don't have the tools!
What if there is a stud that runs horizontally across?
Your house have no insulation? The majority of house have insulation packed behind the drywall you can't pull wires through like that.
where do the the cords hook to after you pull them through the second square thing on the wall. they reach the back of the TV, to plug into?
😂😂😂😂😂what kind of funny wall is that? I'm from germany our walls are made from stone😂😂😂😂
How’s ur neck from looking up to watch that tv. It should be at eye level sitting down. Not standing up
What if the wall opens to another person's hall or worse bedroom?!!lol lol.....nice idea though...thanks..
we have our tv wall mounted and a foot of cable but fire place is brick  there is a cupboard to the left side of it  not sure it would work
I know nothing about electrical stuff. Why can’t you just plug your power cord into a surge protector and call it a day? (After the power cord is run through the wall)
Wonder if using white plastic shallow rectangler pvc bout 2" wide would look good running all the wires through it, it would save from having to cut couple holes in wall.
What kind of Wall is this ? He just cut like a 🍰 .
Love the wall mount where did you get it?
how do you run your wires into the wall. If you stick wires through one plate, how do you grab it out of the other?
Does my neck in, when people put their tv's up that high!? Your house is a cinema ffs.... unless you've got a projector of course.
why is that TV mounted so high?
Ok, I understand that running a TV power cable behind the wall could be a code violation. But what about just coaxial and other audio/video and signal type cables? Thanks.
How did you run your wires to the bottom? Did you just dangle them until you could see them? Great video thank you.
Is your side 6 feet in the air?
How about on plaster walls?
my biggest concern is electrical wires. I don't know anything about home remodeling or construction. Does the stud finder make sure you don't run into electrical hazards?
your wall can make an easy hole what if it is made out of concrete.???
What about plastered walls?
Wall of cardboard!? Wtf
What about when you run into a 2x4 in the middle of the joists? I believe this has to do with firewall protection.
Thanks champion, question what do you do if you have a cross beam/stud that runs horizontal between where you want the wires to feed in and feed out.
Where I can buy the Dewalt screwdriver support at 4:50 ? Thank you
did u just block the part with the wire at the bottom? Also how did u put the wires through the top portion, u didn't show that part
Does stud finder works for bricks wall as well
You call that a wall?
what about when the wall is constructed with concert
What's your wall made off? Mine is concrete wall
this tv is so high. How you watch it?   head up or standing all the time?
What you run into a fire block?
my wall is a cemented concrete ballistic missile prof , any ideas?
Hi, what make tv mount are you using or would you recommend?
Feeding tube.....bad idea?
What if my wall is concrete?
lol was that tiny tv really worth all the effort?
How to Hide Your TV Wires for $10... if you already have lots of power tools, and electrical gadets?! :)
Why do all American homes have flimsy wooden walls, get brick or concrete walls!
it just works on american paper walls :D why u cant build houses resistant vs hurricanes?
How did u feed the wires though with out losing them inside the wall?
7mins with 4 ads...really???
Why is the tv so high up?
Great video,Seems easy but my drywall have thick insulation!?The cords will get stuck/trapped ..what do u recommend ?
Are the houses in the US made out of paper or something?
Would it still work if my wall is painted red?
What If Some body have Concrete Walls?
What about If you have brick wall?
What if you have brick walls?
And how to hode cables if my wall from bricks? Any idea, i kinda hate mamy tangle cable on my wall
what to do if it is concrete wall
I live in a pool will it work there?
what do you do if your house isnt made of chalk??
I am thinking of doing this, but if I do is it more difficult to extend the tv toward you because it pulls on the wires?
we oftenly do this at work ^^ when installing outlets on drywall  cleanest way to do it  wondering how you mounted that tv bracket though did you put renforcement's prior to placing the drywall ?
So do you have to feed the wires/ install the feeders between the same space of 2 studs? I would love to do this but idk if I have one or 2 studs away from tv to plug. I'm I not thinking clear or just have a woman brain. Lol but I'd like to know for reals.
And if I have a house made from concrete and not from shitty plastic and wood? (like most of the world, just america not)
How can i do this on brick wall?
did you came across with a firewall ?
what is the holder for your TV on the wall? looks so simple to install!
What if i have concrete walls?
Too bad you went through all that detail then didn't bother to show finish product? So the wires you pulled through the lower box went where? To a lower outlet?
What if my wires aren't long enough. Do I have to buy longer cables.? My tv's power cord is on the left and the wires for the speaker internet etc is on the right.
what kinda walk u have there
What are you doing to keep summer hot air and winter cold drafts from coming out of those wall boxes?  And bugs?
what if we have cement wall?
But how wire went down exactly where another puncture was there🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
What the hell we have walls made of brick should I use explosives to blow a hole in the wall 😂
What about the fire breaks?
what about any studs cross ways in the walls???
Would this work if you mount the tv over a prefab fireplace?
Nice but how to solve the problem when my wall made of red bricks?
Great video. I just got a house and the tv will have to go above the fireplace. Do you have any suggestions on hiding wires where they would need to go on the side and not down in the fireplace?
can i do that to panels ? cause their thinner than sheetrock
How do you fish the cable through the top and come out the bottom? Won't the middle studs be in the way?  Also, if you wanted to take out that cover, how would you get it out because of the inside thing hugging the inside wall?
wonder how hard it would be to feed wire if you have insulation behind the drywall
Hello, this is way off topic....my computer is on the second floor but the wireless router is in the basement...what do you recommend to enhance the signal? I got a better router with wider range and upgraded the cable internet service to the fastest and unlimited...,but neither worked...thx in advance
How about for a concrete wall ?
Isn't there a horizontal stud between two vertical studs? Wouldn't that block cables from reaching the other outlet? PS: I'll give you $20 U.S. right now if you come to my apartment and do this for me!
But what if creepy crawlys come in thru there
What kind of walls are those, don't you guys have bricks in America? No wonder homes are airborne at the slightest breeze. In Europe we build stuff old school, you need a tank to break in.
What if you have a brick wall 😂
Does this guy not know that studs are 16" on Center   Can't believe e he needed a stud finder.
what kind of wall is that? I have concrete and brick wall in my House
omg what house is that?:)))
WHat about if you have double brick?
I want to ask: that one of my HDMI wire has broken how can I take out the wire from the wall and replace it with a new one? Please help.
Great Video. Question: Did you have to check for any horizontal studs that might exist from the top feed to the lower? Or was it just Luck?
I love your video. I'm planning to put up a full motion wall mount next week. Do you have a DIY video for that? I looked through your channel a bit and didn't find one.
You dug out your drill to tighten plastic retaining brackets?? OMG.
I tried this, but roaches keep coming through the hole. Any idea?
what is the point of having the articulating wall mount if there is no slack in any of the cables to move the TV around?
So you can just cut your wall with a knife?
what about for the people who have brick walls?
what did u use to get the wires down the wall to the other hole?
what if you got a cemented Wall?
Since when do you mount a tv on a stud wall and how do you get the cables past the noggings.
Why would you mount such a small tv? Yikes!
what if it’s concrete wall?
if in background cement wall then?
Was that Alien Nation on Sci-fi channel?
Do you not have insulation in your walls?
that's great if you just have a plasterboard wall, what if the wall is single brick with plaster claddding?
Is that how walls are in the US???
What if you'd change your mind? New wall?
after watching ur vid I just have 1 question, apart from the uprite stud pattern, how did you get pass the stud bracing
How to do cable management? Just cutting holes.
cables into wall plate, and tv electric cable can into wall plate as well?  tv electric cable in plate and out plate from wall and connect to wall electric socket.  it's safe and i don't need to add electrical outlet for it?
how about if u have insulation in the wall
splendid! but how you solve the problem if these wall are bricks instead of gypsum/board....
for 10 dollars of work and 20 minutes of time???
what to do with a concrete wall?
What if I have solid reinforced concrete walls ?
Awesome video but why not use a regular screw gun instead of the Hammer drill ? lol thanks for the video though!!
I choose not to have cable because I can get my programming elsewhere. However, I do have a flat wall mount antenna. I end up needing to conceal about 3ft of cable. What is the best way to do this? Thankd.
What if walls are of concrete?
How do u do this "trick" with concrete walls?
Why are people asking how to do this with concrete and brick? Use your heads, if your wall is SOLID then how exactly are you going to run some cables through it? Why is this even a question in your mind?
Why didn't you line up the bottom plate to the other plates to make it "look" professional?
How do I do that for a concrete wall ?
dont see how this would work with fire blocks blocks that run diagnal?
do see how this would work with fire blocks blocks that run diagnal?
What do i do if i have a real house?   like with concrete walls
the paper wall?? wtf
Isn't there ment to be bricks behind the wall .😮
How can I cover the hole back if I want to change the tv to a different wall
brick wall ?
what about eventual rat or anything that chew wires on the inner wall?
What if your wall outlet isn't directly under the tv what do you do?
what can we do if we are in a concrete house???which mean the walls are made of cement and bricks...
what I don't get is what are all those wires. All you need is one HDMI...
Where's the insulation? Lol
Why house walls are wood plywood? In my country its hollow blocks cement
how did u avoid hitting any crossed 2x4s
How to hang curved tv?
What if one has concrete walls
Cool!  What's that yellow thing on the end of your drill that the bit goes into?
is your house made of cartboard? i have solid walls
How do I do this in a real wall? :)
What's the name of those plastics and where can i get them?
what if my TV is above the fireplace?  I need the outlet end of the cords go diagonally a few feet.  thanks!
On Amazon, do the plates come as a set or individual?
wow  nice . if bake side hv no space.........??????
why is there no insulation in that wall??????
Aren't u not supposed to run high voltage wires through any wall in your home? I thought its a fire hazard and would be a red flag for your home owners insurance.
did he just cut his wall with a knife??? wtf kind of walls do you have and how does it even holds a tv ??
And how do you do that on german buildings that are well made and not this thick paper
How do you do it if you have a Dwang halfway down the wall?
I'm from the United Kingdom . And could you please let me know how to do this with concrete walls . As my tv is on a wall mount to a concrete wall and you can just cut holes with a nife in concrete lol
what about insulation in the walls?  you just snake it?
what about the fire cross cat about 4' to 5' from the floor.
Is it just the power wire that is against code to run behind wall?  HDMI/cable outlet is not against code to run behind wall?
Whats the point of buying the $6 plate when you can just use a switch plate.
Jesus what are your houses made from, MDF / plasterboard? No wonder a hurricane razes everything to the ground.
illegal or against code to run  power cords in the wall. needs to be Romex with an outlet at the top and bottom
Besides my funny thinking, great production, good video, I'm sure it will help a lot of people, also 1 question, there's a limit of weight you can put on that? I was afraid of hanging from a concrete wall a 70" 60kg ledtv, this type of wall could support it?
strange ....! what kind of wall is that .. hollow.. we have brick wall here in India..
Hmmm how about cement wall?? 😭😭
what if it is a concrete wall?
can you do this without a stud finder?
Holy crap, why did you place your tv up so high. Do you like to crane your neck back when you're sitting down to watch it?
wtf man??? what if the wall is made of rigid concrete block????😞
how does your tv mount hang on a hollow wall?
what about solid wall 😢
Why is the TV so freaking high up!
Ok well what about if you have horizontal fire blocks. What's the trick to drill through those behind the dry wall ?
What about bugs crawling through that hole 😱
Do you have any idea to connect a 2 inch shower drain to a 4" drain with dread already cement in the concrete
Wait, what about nogs? the bits that go across the wall regularly in most wood homes using drywall ?
what about instalation in the walls how would u get the wires through that???
which item is $10. the drill ? Or the cutter knife ? lol
What if it's on an exterior wall? How difficult is it to feed cables though insulation?
Do you have suggestions for hiding cables with an all plaster wall?
only works with wooden walls.what abt bricks?
What if the power outlet is not directly underneath - or not in an ideal situation
I dont even have house how can i install this thing
..what if u have a fire block between studs??
what about concrete wall???
now how do you swivel your tv ?
How you can hide the wires in a concrete wall.  Thanks
what about like spiders and all the creepy Crawley's that might come in, I to want to mount my 50' but had a recent hole put in the drywall and one night a massive albino looking spider crawled across my floor. so not sure if pesticides are used for something like this maybe a coating or shield of some sort ? thx in advance
how do I hide soundbar wires ?
what if u have plaster walls?
what about a 3-feet stones wall inside a lot of  house in italy? We need to make a "track" in the wall, put the flexible plastic tube, fill with concrete, put the row plaster, the light plaster, and repaint the wall. easy, with only 1 day of cheap laborers
What if theres like roaches and stuff and when u make the holes the roaches or any type of bugs can get inside
how about the conceal wire not in a straight line. my tv is on the fireplace and media center is on the right side of the fireplace
i live in bagladesh my walls are made of cardboard,will this work as well??
how about if the wall is concrete???
wow thank you I learned a lot. what the name of  machine scan power on wall?
How to make when the wall is made up of brick and cement ?
that's a normal wall ,how abt cement wall ??
What if we have a concrete wall? How we gonna cut that?
How to do where wall is made up of concrete stones
dude, how can I do this when my wall is 20 fucking centimeters, cause that's how buildings should be.
What if your renting a place and can't do that to where you rent. 🙄
what if you have insulation or cross studs?
how do you do this if you wall is full of insulation?
what if i have a real wall, not crappy drywall?
What movie was that at the end of the video?
How do you hide white privilege?
Power cord behind the wall? Good luck with that.
wtf paper wall?
What code are you talking about? We build walls from ROCK where I live, you can't do anything remotely close like that.
what if walls are of concrete of at least 8 inches. Is there a way to hide the wires ?
$10?! Are the tools free???
what if we have a wall built with bricks&concrete , then what ?
What kind of witch craft is this? LOL Great video! I'm so scared of cutting holes in my walls but at least I now know that it's a fairly process.
Is there no horizontal beams to give the walls more structural integrity? I personally live in an old Victorian home with solid walls but my dad lives in a newer more modern home with false hollow walls like this, but it still requires drilling some sort of hole through an existing horizontal beam to drop cables through.
What do you do if you run into a fire block?
Nils what equipment and software do you use to make your videos? thanks!
Wtf?  My apartments will charge me for making a huge hole in the wall.  Hell naw.
your wall made out of boxes? mine made from bricks! no way to cut like that.
Gets 1.3 million views... asks for a dollar.
how to hide in brick wall?
Hey, awesome video. I live in Puerto Rico and all my walls are made of cement. Are there any options you know of that can help hide my cables in a similar setup? 👍🏿
What about if your wall is made out of brick.
Could this method work on a new build uk house to go through the floors?  I am thinking in terms of network cable drilling the hole then feeding an Ethernet down to ground floor.
I don't get the hollow walls, how's that any good?
Why don't u use a drywall knife, it cuts into drywall perfect. It's like a little saw.
Are walls supposed to be hollow like that? Cause I've never seen a wall like dat
I know a much cheaper way, not mount the TV that high in the first place! Why is everyone hanging the LCD big ass TV as high as possible? To get neck pains? Or just showing the just brand new bought 52 inch flatscreen TV?
What's another term for the receptacle ? I can't seem to find them anywhere ! Thanks for the video
6:10 what the Movie is on the tv?
what about if the wall is of solid concrete.
Informative video! Nice watch. What is it?
what kind of wall is that,,no bricks??hollow wall??how does the this very thin wall sustain the al kind of load and forces
what kind of wall is it?
Seems like a lot of work. Why not just paint them with clear spray paint?
how does it work with a real house? made of stone? 😂
How can you go around a fireplace?? We don't ever use it
How about concrete walls
ever heard of a drywall saw
Do these work on log walls?
why put the TV Sky high like that? u gonna have neckakes.
what kind of walls!!!!!
that kind of electric wire is not supposed to be installed in a wall. I would ask an electrician if I were you !
Great..but what if you have plaster walls?...I live in an older house.
why is your tv 7 feet off the ground?
what kind of wall os it to be cut open with a blade? definitely not a brick wall!
What if you have insulation in your wall
Why is his tv so high on the wall
what about if you hit a cross beam. what do you do then.
LOL Why is that little TV so high?
he he what is the solution for me?? as my wall is made of concrete??
What about fire stops?
How can I do this without my landlord killing me?
Was it a pain to feed the cables through the wall?
What's with the microscopic TV in that living area..? I'd need binoculars or something to even see it! That's like the size of most people's computer monitors today! (maybe exaggerating a little ahaha)
HOW THE FUCK ARE YOU NILS RASMUSSON AND NOT SPEAKING WITH A DANISH ACCENT???????
My TV is mounted on an exterior wall. I'm concerned about insulation getting in the way of feeding the wires down. What do you recommend? Coat hanger or snake of some sort?
Hi what about solid walls ?
What material is the wall made of?
whats the point of the flappers on the wall if no body is gona see them?
Why not just get nicer wires that you are proud to display?
You cut a hole in the wall what if you want to move house
what about the horizontal fire block?
Im not an expert but i thought your not suppossed to put regular power cables behind the wall. Code issues or something lie that. Thats why they sell a kit for that . sure thats cheaper and quicker but is it safe?
Why put your TV high up on the wall like that anyway? The ideal hight is head hight when you are sitting looking at it.  ie: on a low table.
how to fix dry wall after you made the hole? this is for people who live in rental apartment. please show us if you can.
How do you know if your wall is strong enough to hold your TV?
what are best brackets to hold 49 inch lcd tv to plaster board walls
and what if there is insulation behind the wall? sure that will get in the way of the wires coming down freely.
What about cemented?!
How did you wall mount your tv with that type of wall??  the screw will not hold the TV??
thanks I always wanted to know how to hide the electric  cords.
Isn't the TV mounted on a stud?
what kind f wall s that????
No fire wall???
Now your tv won't swivel.out also hmmmm
Not exactly code to have wires exposed in the wall cavity
you do know that running that power cable behind the wall is against code and illegal? if a fire is ever caused by that, it will not be covered by insurance due to negligence? I do this for work and you will be in deep shit for doing that. the problem is the jacket is not made to protect cables in wall spaces due to the fact that they can lose integrity over the years and fall apart
How about if the wall has insulation? Thanks,
isn't that tv too high? - - isn't it supposed to be eye level to the center of the screen?
My walls are made of bricks?! it's like you live in a box, so confused
Looks Good. However I have plastered walls can I use the same concept?
What kind of "wall" is that? Never seen a wall made of cardboard here in Europe  I'm surprised even how the tv bracket is placed on that weak and cheap looking wall
Wheres ur center speaker?
What about the fire block? That horizontal stud about 5 feet from the floor?
where is he from?
what if its concrete? like in my apartment
The idea is to hide the cutouts in the drywall. The cutouts are behind the TV and cabinet. Why then decorate the cutouts with these $5 plates? Just cut the drywall, run the cables.
Where did you get that tv stand?
What is the apparatus called? Great video!
Isn't that TV Mount a little High ?.
What is a Stud?
How to hide the wires for free:  Put the TV on its stand and on the entertainment unit.
What about the slack needed when you extend the tv on the mounting bracket.  Is there enough slack and will the wires move inside the wall when the tv is moved in our out.
I wonder how many people don't realize that he's mounting the TV on studs and not the drywall alone.
How to move a coaxial outlet from one wall to an adjacent wall?
My house walls are solid so this video is pointless to me, But quick question, how does this hollow wall hold TVs and stuff without it ripping down the wall?
Marco Reus???  Thanks for the video bud.
Will it work with plaster and lat type walls? How do you do it above a fireplace?
What's the easiest way to fish the wires from the top hole to the bottom hole?
nice video, I'm curious how to make this work with a floating shelf just below the tv... I'm thinking a wire moulding would be the answer since the shelf will only be about 2 feet below the tv...
Do all Americans live in houses made of paper and glue? No wonder why a tonardo can do such damage.
Can I ask what type/ name of the tv mount is this?
How is that TV still on the wall I always thought you couldn't mount a TV on a chalk board wall ?
It all well and good doing it on those walls . but how do I do it to my solid brick walls in my house ?????
you wanna charge us for the videos?
any Idea for a apartment?
why the TV is so high on the wall??
I tried to cute a square through the sheet rock last night but it's really difficult to do. Any tip that I can receive here?
Thank you for the video.  Are the recessed cable plates really necessary?  Cant I just pull out the small piece of rectangle drywall, cut a quarter inch strip from the side to the middle (to fish the wires thru) and then glue it back into the wall?    Since nobody is gonna see it anyway
i dont get it ?where is the electric plug go???????????
How would you go around running cables (network cable ) from floor 1 for floor 2 and loft ?   ( before i start cutting walls ) i have network plates , also might not be directly above   Thanks
I see it would be okay to remove a wire when you like, but how would you put a new one in, without opening the bottom receptacle? Would that be possible?
