Hi would powdered sugar work for this?
Can u please specify in grams pl?? Would love to try this one. TIA
Can you tell which sugar you use either granulated sugar or castor sugar .and flour is all purpose flour or cake flour. Plz reply
How to make whipped cream stable and my second question... It's important to use unsalted butter in cream because in India people don't love unsalted butter so tell me
Can u plz mention how many grams is ur 1 cup ...mine is 234gms Does 234gms require 6 eggs?...I normally add 4
Cup measurement ? Pls
I don't have a cake mixer, how do I go about mixing the egg
Spring form pan can using in stove? Plz reply
forgot to ask...is it as good using a hand mixer as a stand mixer?...I do not have a stand mixer...Thanks...this looks beautiful!
Cake mould size plz
Hi! How much cocoa powder should I add if I want to make chocolate cake? Thanks! Love your videos! ❤❤❤
can i skip eggs? and what difference does it make in mixing egg whites separately then mixing the yolks and whites together?
I like your youtube channel. I want to ask you which function tou use in oven for baking cake. With fan or without fan. I mean convection or without convection
In microwave how many minutes to oven?
Hi. I would like to thank you for wonderful recipes. Can you please make another chocolate cupcake recipes without butter milk? Just a simple recipe with eggs? thank you again
Hi 👋 I actually tried to bake it in a spring type tray but the batter leaked out..... 😢 do i have to use a parchment paper under the tray please.... thank you
Why did your cake sink a bit, i made a cake from another recipe, i usually comes out fine, and it was fine the last time too but when i took it out of the oven, it sunk,. Do you know why it happens?
Wow i love your receipes😍 n wanna try making this. Can you tell me the quantities in grams?
1cup of flour in grams? Thank you.
I have manual beater.  Kindly tell me the speed for egg beating and exact minutes for that. Thank you
Can I use this sponge as a base for buttercream and fondant cakes?
Is there any substitute for eggs
I would put the batter in two pans so there is no waste. I'm thinking of preparing a nine inch, four layer tiramisu layer cake. So I would prepare a recipe and a half to bake in two nine inch pans, and split for the four layers?
is that a cake flour or an apf?
Hi just doing this cake now and would like to know if you use plain or sr flour
Why can't we blend with blender after adding the flour
Did you use all purpose flour? What about baking powder or baking soda? Can I use this for a Swiss roll
can i use cake flour?
What size of the pan pls?
Do you know what it would be in grams?
You're Cake it's very delicious, but why the cake fall down? Please let me what's the reason? Thank you very much
How many kg sugar and flour or what kind of  cup for measuring  please
Hi, just wanna ask question whats the difference in terms of texture ans fluffines with egg white separated vs the method you use wherein you combine directly whole egg and sugar? Thank you.
Is he Canadian?
Still trying to figure out, why no butter?
How many grams is the flour and sugar?
Can you make a German chocolate cake from scratch? It's my favorite.
U don't use baking powder and  baking soda  in sponge cake...?
Can you use powdered sugar?
The cup of sugar is it 250ml?
For the orange  zest, when would be the step adding in during the baking  process? Thank you
Very nice ...can you mention the measurement of sugar n flour in grams?
Can you make a video on eggless cake
WHY YOU GET A STAND MIXER AND I HAVE TO MIX IT WITH A HAND MIXER?????? :( 😩😩😩😩😩🦍😭😭😭😭😭
Would it deflat a lot if it was flipped over???
This recipe is only for one cake pan? Or how many and which sizes ?
What if i dont have electric kneader?
Can you please make a delicious glutten free vanilla cake ??
Any sugar substitutes suggestions for diabetics?  Like applesauce with some other sweetener?
Can I use brown sugar instead of white sugar ? What will be the effect?
In grams,I think you have taken 150 grams of plain flour and Sugar?
hello want to try this... can I use blender for mixer instead? also I don't have vannila what do I use
Is there a way to avoid having a mushroom top to the cake?
How much grams are there in a cup measurement?
Hi I had a small query there is no need of using butter
Can I add strawberry Jello to make it strawberry cake? What do you think?
what was tha flour
Do you also do recipes for convection ovens? We are moving into a RV and don't want an Instapot..
What kind of sugar? Is it granulated? Caster? Or confectioners? Pls reply🙏 i'm new to this baking world, sorry☺
sir pls eggless sponge cake recipe
Sir if I reduce my eggs to 2 only. How much others ingredients i have to reduce? Please tell me sir. And also sir i don't have that blender what can I use instead??
Could you put this in a 13’ 9” pan?
what if you don't have oven can you use pot as your oven and how
Do you have to line the cake pan with baking paper?
Can u plz include grams for mesuring
Hi.. Could you please give the measurements in grams
Do u have to put vanilla extract In
Love all ur recipes. Do u have a butter sponge cake rec.
Good morning sir, thanks for the video. Question: can I use the cup of milk for measurement?
how much is one cup in this video? I hope you can answer me , i want to try it, then i can post on youtube
can you please show how to   bake an eggless butter cake.
What do u do to get rid of the egg taste. I make 8&9" cakes with 3 eggs and come tasting of egg, so I suppose 6 eggs will be worse. Do hw do I get rid of that taste.
thank you so much. I love this recipe. it helps to save time for baking. I do have a question though, is it possible to add cream of tartar or substitutes to keep the eggs stabilized?
@BakeLikeAPro hey I want to ask if I can use self-raising flour for this recipe? thanks
Hi, i just wanted to ask about the sponge cake. Can i bake it in a traditional oven? And if yes, then where do i put the rack and for how much time and what heat? Plz plz plz do reply cuz i really want to bake it for my children.
can butter be added?
Are you using iodized salt? or sea salt?
Can I use 6 eggs white and 3 eggs yolks?  thank you
what's the weight of eggs? thankyou!:)
do u use nonstick cooking spray so the cake doesn't stick ?
hello bakelikeapro, Can I use hand mixer with this recipe? pls reply..
dear can i try this in pressure cooker?  plz reply
I haven't got a mixer, just a hand whisk,   Will the mixture still be ok?
hello, would like to try this recipe but is baking powder needed or not? thanks😊
hi sir can i used powder sugar?
can i cook this in a microwave oven? wat eill be the temp.?
this is so amazing  but I had a question  can one use four eggs instead  of SIX
I want to know you preheated oven 190¢ for 15 mint then bake it 190¢ for 35 minutes?thank you
what happens if you add milk?
Everytime I fold my mixture, it keeps deflating. What should I do?
hello :) can i have a printable recipe for this?
can you tell me the exact quantity of flour and sugar in grams ? thanks
how can i make without better????tel me plz
hi there..love ur recipes because they're so easy.  can i use a different flavoring like purple yam extract instead of vanilla and can i bake em as cupcakes..thanks
does beating the eggs with the whites and the yolks seperated give same results as this?
hello . do you bake marble cake ? is there any recipe of yours ? i would like to try it since all your recipes workout for me . thankyou
The top looks so dry and crispy. :/ I am sure you'll trim that off but...since it's so crispy, it makes me wonder if the inside is dry too.
is this recipe no need of baking powder?
Could i use this with two 9 inch pans or do i need a pan with a high wall?
can I use cake flour?
can i put coffee for flavoring? to make mocha flavor?
why do you have to cut out the cake? should come out of the pan easily after its been cooled its cracked up
1 cup sugar is how much?? thnks.
hi, how many tsp of  salt u use?
what ingridients can u use instead of vanila?
nice and easy thanks what if i want 12inch cake the measurements plz
Is there a way to make this into a larger cake?  I was thinking of having a sponge cake w/fruits (lemon curd & raspberries or strawberries) for a baby shower - it's in August, there are 25 people coming and it's going to be hot!  Any advice would be appreciated. (PS - it's got to on a 2 hour drive to the location!) Yikes!
dont their have to be baking powder or soda
why not use butter & baking powder? ?
Hi chef, I was wondering, is it possible to substitute the flour for cake flour? or would it jeapordize the outcome, and also could we line the sides of baking pan with parchment paper as well?
plz can u tell me the size of baking pan u used.
Hi what is the amount is the sugar and the flour in gram's
For  sponge  are we not mean to use butter  or  magerine,?
Can I use cake flour instead of all purpose?
can I use white vanilla powder instead of that liquid one?
@BakeLikeAPro i made this recipe on a 10 inch pan and it deflated , what did i do wrong?  i may have an idea of what i did wrong, when i was going to add the flour into the mixture, the flour went right in the bottom so i was like oh crap this is gonna be hard to mix in, which it was but i think i did mixed it all good enough, in the end well 15 min after or so it begun to shrink and pretty much the center of the mixture went right in, maybe you can give me an idea of what could i do to prevent this, could i just use the paddle attachment for the flour mixing istead of using the spatula? also i didnt do the banging on the container.
how long i beat the eggs if i use hand not mixer?
sir Why didn't u add any butter to this recipe and if I want to add butter will it make any difference? plz tell me
Can this recipe baked by microwave?
how much is a cup of anything?! please help me out like when you said 1 cup of sugar...how much in gram or dl is it?!
Can I use granulated sugar or confectioners sugar ( icing sugar) I only have granulated
How many cupcakes does this make
and if we dont have that kind of pan can we apply butter to d pan we have so it does not stick?
Does this have a lower calorie amount compared to the other kinds that use butter?
+BakeLikeAPro Hi! would it be okay if I used a hand mixer instead of a kitchen aid? Thank you!
does it have to be a mixer?
can I bake it on an oven toaster or can I steam it because my oven is broken
i didnt put 1cup of sugar but instead 1/2  Cup is that ok?
hi would be kind enough to tell me how many grams r one cup equivalent to? thanksss!
d sizes of cups differ so plz can u tell me.. how mch gms of flour nd sugar to b taken
i dont have an auto mixer so what do i do?
there is no baking powder in your recipe?
Can we add something into that mixture such as choping strawberry or anykind chesse ?
hi nice video and I will try this. I just want to ask what is difference between sponge and chiffon cake? please share the recipe of chiffon chocolate cake or other recipe about chiffon cake. thank you very much  :-)
I tried other recipe of sponge cake? it ends up like had leche flan.. can you describe the finished product? is it similar to chiffon cake? I'm new to baking. thanks
This is the first time i've tried baking. I remember seeing my sisters using butter in their recipe. Hope it turns out ok. By the way, how long is it supposed to bake ? You should have put that. Guess i'll have to google it.  Fingers crossed !
I've been mixing the eggs and sugar for about 20 minutes now and I still don't see any peaks. what should I do??
hello happy new year can I ask please if what type of sugar you used in these sponge cake? and is it alright if I can usu confectioner type of sugar? thanks
can i make it without vanilla?
its not using butter??
How can I make this cake with 3 eggs? plzz tell me the quantity of the ingriedents..
hi did you use normal sugar or caster sugar? thanks
Can I mix ingredients with hand if I don't have machine?
This cake can make tha rice cooker? Pls tell me
Sir plz tell the recipe of eggless cake also
Does this cake need butter as u didn't add it ?
350 degrees what? fahranheit or celsius
what size were the cake pans ?
It turned to a dough and I thought you had to use self raising flour
What do you do if you have added too much flout
hi! 1 cup=how many grams? plz....
What size was the pan? 20 inch?
why did u not put baking powder in it?
was it granulated sugar?
is this a genoise cake?
Hi, is it possible to do that without mixer? thanks..
What flour did you used all purpose flour?
Hi, can I color this cake? I want to make a rainbow cake but I don't know if  there is another vanilla cake recipe that I can use other than this one. Also, how can I add moistness to my cake? e.g the mud cake recipe. Thanks
Can I use corn flour?
when? after its half baked?
Hi! Thanks for the recipe. Can i add some butter also?
what if i dont have stand mixer, can i use hand mixer?
what could i substitute instead of eggs? and how much?
how much for the celcius? and about what minutes?
Can i half the recipe??
Can you tell me what is wrong when the cake sinks while still baking? Thermometer inside oven said 350. Eggs looked ribbon like in bowl and pale, did I over beat? Batter seemed to look as shown,  it was rising nice looking while baking but looked as if it was browning too quickly, I went to check to see if it was done since it was getting brown and it sank in the oven. I left it to finish baking it wasn't done and it came out sticky dense and crumbly like. Suggestions?
Can you make them as cupcakes
Hi can you tell me the model number of your stand mixer ? It looks really good and sturdy . And what's the price ?
Can i put chocolate chips?
How come there is no butter or oil in this cake?
Hi! Can I make this using a hand mixer?
I just made one and it become beautiful and rise up but when it colded it went all the way down :(... can u give any advice to fix it?!  I'll be thankful.
how many cm is your cake pan?
this method of  baking a cake looks easy but you did not add baking powder in it... is it possible to bake a cake without baking powder? or you just forgot to mention it in your video?? plz tell me coz I wanna try this method at my home :)
Can the cake be made in a microwave? ?? Plzz plzz reply me quick I wanna make this cake
Is this what is called a Genoise cake? I really do want to try this. I am so taken with baking; biscuits,  cookies, bread and so on!   Can you tell me what size your cake tin is please? At present I only have a 24cm springform tin.
What type of oven do you used...convection or conventional oven. I am new to baking so please help.
Love the cake  it's  simple  one . .thanks . .Sir  what's  the ingredient  on your  topings?thanks  Philippines . .
In what degree we have to bake
Can i ask, the one cup of flour and sugar is how much grams? Please answer me as soon as possible Thank You
Could you please write about incredients in grams measurement. Your measuring  cup size is quite bigger than our,s
I dont have an oven is it ok if i steam d batter?
What kind of flour?
Hey, Sir! Can I ask If the Fluffiness and the Softness of the cake may affect If you only use Hand mixer? I tried to bake a soft cake using only hand mix (I don't have a Electric mixer yet) but it turned out to be a hard like a bread. Thanks a lot! :)
Nice video, I want to try it now, Is the last gredient  vinegar? Thank you ...
Could i use this recipe if I wanted to make a sponge sheet cake?
hello my cake was rising beautifully but then it started shrinking in the middle... can you tell me what went wrong, i poured the batter in an 10 inch tube pan,??? please
Helo how about my electric oven only 250° can i still bake for 250°?
Can I use cake flour?
If i do half the recipe, will the cooking time still be the same? :3
Hi.. for what can i use this spinge cake. Eat as it is or can i decorate it..can i use it to a sandwiched with fruit. Please help with this
Hi, how come there is no butter in recipe
I woundr r if i can make this in my easy bake 😞
Can you make cupcakes instead of a cake with this recipe.
Can I do it with cake flour instead? I want to use up my cake flour and I believe it will make the cake a lot more fluffier than it already is! And please make caramel cupcakes! Thank you
You didn't use butter is that optional? Does it smell eggy?
Hey, i dont have parcjmrnt paper so do i have to go out and get some or is it optional?
Ummmmmm hi bake like a pro I just made your cake and I have no icing please may you share how to make an icing for a sponge cake
Hi bake like a pro u add in the cake a vinla  or vinegar pls tell me pls request
What if I want to bake it in a 9 inch brownie pan will the baking time change and the amount
Can you please show how to make classic Victoria Sponge cake? I really like the way you give the proper amount of ingredients
can i use cake flour instead??
hello, 1cup of sugar and flour..how many grams would that be..please?
Can you Splenda instead of sugar
Can i use 3eggs instead of 6?
Can u write list we need
can we like bake it in cupcake pan?
What is the size of the springform pan?
I just sub what is this channel about
Hey. Great video and recipe but can i really bake a sponge cake without a kitchen aid?
How much batter in grams would I need to make in a  12"round cake tin ?
I wanted to know that can it made without eggs if so please share the recipe😊
can i make it as meringue the white eggs instead of combining white eggs and yellow yellow ? to volume the cake ?
Can you also use gram flour?
If i wanted to make to make two batches  would i have to just double the amount or change it slighty
how to make cake
could i add some baking soda or not cuz im gonna bake it and if i have too how many teaspoon(s) or tablespoon(s)?
Can we use tin foil as a container for baking?
Hai...can I use this ingredients and bake cupcakes aside of a cake?
I dont have a oven...can u plz tell me in what temp should i bake it in microwave n for how long
I dont have a oven...can u plz tell me in what temp should i bake it in microwave n for how long
What is 350 in Celsius ?
Hi plz share black forest cake recipe
how much is 1 cup in gm & 1/4 cup  ????
hi I like ur video its simple and easy.I have a question can I keep the batter for half an hour and bake again .bcoz I have a small oven so.
How many is a quarter of a teaspoon? Pls help me.
I have a question? can I frost the cake or is the cake to light to be frosted and another thing is it okey if I bake the cake 150 degrees below the recipe mention? because my oven doesn't reach that temperature. thanks for the recipe by the way :)
Hi may i know what kind of flour to use? :) thanks for replying
whats the difference between a sponge and a chiffon cake?
i liked the recipe... but i prefer making in a microwave-convection as i find tht user friendly... the max is 200degree Celsius tht it goes to... so wots the temperature i should bake it at? 180degree? or ny other suggstn?
Hi, I just have two questions, is the salt optional or do you really have to add it in the cake? and if i use self rising flour is it ok? would it come out right?
How many minutes before do you have to preheat the oven??
BakeLikeAPro Do we have to use that kind of mixing machine cant we use hand blender or something
wot about the butter?
hi can u plz share what is your cup measurement as i have to try for my friend daughter's  birthday.mine is 250 ml from Australia.waiting for your reply.thanks
Hi, Whenever i have only a single cake pan where the recipe calls for two pans can i make the batter for two pans and wait until the first cake is finished ( say 1 hr ) ? Please let me know my daughters birthday is approaching . thanks
Is this moist enough to decorate it later on or do I need to coat this with simple syrup?
How many grams of sugar do I need?and how much flower?
Can i make this in some cupcakes and how many cupcakes make this recipe?
I don't have one of those pans .what do I do . help🙈🙉🙊
what is the salt function ?
COOOOL can I add colours?
Heyyyy Can u tell me one thing???? Plzzzzz Can u tell me the recipe of a non-egg cake.... PlZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZz
Hi, do you have a recipe for a vanilla cake that`s not a sponge cake...I see alot of recipes that call for butter and not oil and they taste great but i find they go hard after being in fridge even if the cake has only been in there a few hours...I just love your chocolate cake and i wanted a great vanilla one as well...also to then be able to do a marble cake which my daughter loves...Thanks!
Hello, this cake looks so fluffy n super easy...cant wait to try it..however, can i make a chocolate version of the same?.. If yes, can you please tell me the cocoa measurements in the recipe..Thanks..Neha.
how about if i want to add a flavour to this cake like choclate or orange ? what should i do?
if i were to make cupcakes with this batter , how many will i get? and is there any difference in temperature or time ?
Can I pour the batter to the 12 muffin pans ? will it require same mount of baking time?
Can another pan besides a spring form be used (such as a round cake pan)?
Can i use less than 6 eggs?
Looks so good.. Must try this.. Anyway, do u have any Pandan flavour sponge cake? Because my son like it.. If not can u make 1? Thank u for sharing..
great recipe... Why didn't you use milk? no milk needed?
can we use castor or powdered sugar?
do we need powdered sugar or granulated sugar?, i have to make it tomorrow....pls reply fast!!!!
hi, can i know you're using self raising flour or plain flour? How long did you put it into the oven and at what temperature? Thank you
When youre mixing the eggs with the suger, how did you get it so fluffy? I am doing this without a mixer. Im doing it manually
I don't have kitchenaid stand mixer can I use regular hand mixer?
Can I get the same effect without the electric mixer by using just a whisk?
Hey love the video thinking of making one could I cover it in with icing out of the packet and so how would it stick when I have made one will send you a picture hqve you got a facebook page
Wonder what's the temperature u used for baking that cake?
is this sponge good for coloring? like in a rainbow cake?
Did you use baking powder and butter
what kind of sugar? granulated or icing? :)
Can I use self raising flour instead of all purpose flour ? :)
Does the amount of eggs affect the mixture? Say you have one to less,is that gonna make it different in texture?
Im confused now. I learnt to add butter and baking soda is that a wrong method?
I like your show, Thank you for  your time and effort .... You use  all purpose flour only? do you ever mix any other flour  in it?  I am still learning  your video  help me a great deal, Thank you again
Do you think lemon and vanilla extract would taste good?
Hi there, im assuming this is self raising flour ?
hi so you don't add butter or baking soda right?
Can I do this without vanila ? cus I don't have it.
Hi, I've tried your chocolate cake recipe and it turned out great! I just want to know how this recipe would taste like since you are using 6 eggs. I mean out of all the recipes I've tried they've turned out to be eggy..so I'm a little worried lol
If the batter is thick,it will form cake,right?because I watched lots of bids and some of them are quite confusing like this one"Gordon Ramsay sponge cake with fresh ginger"
I want to use this recipe for a character cake I'm making for my son. I have a few questions. Can this recipe be used in a 9x13 pan or will it have to be doubled? Is it moist or should i add sugar syrup before frosting? Is it cooled like regular cakes (in the pan 10 min then inverted to wire rack) or is there something else that needs to be done? I want to make the layers for the cake asap so any help would be awesome! Thanks.
Hi,why my egg doesn't double in volumes?help,plz
No butter can you tell me how many grams
Can I turn my cake upside down to decorate it? I am in a cake decorating class and have not yet frosted a cake are there any dont's to that?
may I know, is it ok to bake cake without oil or butter?
I don't understand your question.  I show all steps in this 3 part video.  If you watch this video, you will have your answer :-)  I would start there LOL
hi can i use simple hand mixer?
Hi :) Can I add strawberry puree in this cake? to make straberry sponge cake?:)
Did you use a cake flour or just a simple all purpose flour? Thanks. I will try this tomorrow.
Hi, when do you add the vanilla essence? It's not shown in the video
how much coca powder? Does it affect the amount of flour?
how about chocolate sponge flavor? i'll just add chocolate powder right?
is it not necessary to add baking powder or sodium bicarbonate to de receipe..?? wat flour do u use
Thank you!:) Also what type of sugar did you use?
Would it taste nice with buttercream frosting?
Hi, love your videos :D can I use this recipe to make cake in a jar ? Thank you =)
All purposed flour or cake flour????? Please reply mee
What kind of stand up mixer do you recommend for a 2 person household
hi what if you dont have a mixer that has a whisk attachment
is it plain all purpose flour?
My oven has 2 options bake and broil and im confused. Which one should i use??
I've been thinking about buying a KA stand mixer for a while now but haven't yet due to reading mixed reviews. I would like one with the lift bowl like yours. I wanted to ask if you recommend it or wish you had gotten a tilt back model? Also could you please tell me where you purchased your mixer from and overall if you recommend KA or wish you had gotten a different brand? Thanks in advance for your help! -Haley :)
wait, u didn't use any butter at all in this recipe?
If your hands are motorized, then perhaps so :-)  Thanks for the funny question, you made me chuckle !
Hi, mister is there any chance I can use a blender to mix the eggs if I don't have a mixer machine? Does iit still going to produce the same volume and fluffiness ? Many thanks in advance
Can we make a pineapple cake with frosting using a sponge cake by doing some changes?
Can we make a pineapple cake with frosting using a sponge cake by doing some changes??
How many grams is a cup???
Is it 1 kg cake?
if you don't have vanilla what can you use?
if you don't have vanila what can you use?
Hi, did you use granulated sugar or caster sugar?
Hi, what kind of flour did you used? is it plain flour, self-raising flour etc...
Should I fill the pan 3/4 of the way so it doesn't overflow?.
Hi, is the top crust will be crunchy and sugary ? Thank you ! Would love to try out this recipe :)
what type of flour is it
Do you have to use a spring form pan
Hi! Do you know if it's possible to add lemon juice to make it a lemon sponge cake, or would that totally ruin the batter?
I made this cake recently,but it sank in the middle! what was i doing wrong please?
No need.  It would make the cake more heavy.  All fats do this.  Sponge cake should always be very light.  Thanks for watching Yingz, and great question ! :-)
What kind of flour is in your recipe? All-purpose? Cake flour??? Thanks for sharing!
hello mister chef :) are you using castor sugar or confectionery sugar? need to know asap :D
how long do you bake for?
I was thinking of making Boston Cream Pie for Father's Day, but need to be careful of my dad's cholesterol.  Can I use egg replacer and still get a decent texture?  Or should I just replace a few of the eggs?  Please let me know at your convenience!
hey :) great video! is  this sponge cake fondant friendly??
I used to try this. I used hand mixture to blend the egg. But it cannot raise the volume and fluffy. What shall i really do? Is that hand mixture is not good? Or can we need some more time to blend? Plzzz plzzz help me?
hi, what kind of flour did you use?  and what sugar? just the granulated sugar? thanks
hi, what kind of flour did you use?
hi....ur recipes are very simple,easy nd delicious...thanks for sharing wd all of us...i want to ask..y dont you use baking powder in sponge cake?
I am looking to make a twinkie like cake, would this be the same type of cake?
Where do i find the recipe and is it available to print out ??
Oh i mean the sponge cake. Can i use the sponge cake as a base? Would it be easy enough to make? Sorry Im a beginner for baking
Hi, do u think i can use this as a base  to make a birthday cake?
Hallo,may I ask you,whats the meaning of 1cup of sugar??can u give me for gram?thanks so much
Hi Marisa ! This must be a trick question LOL.  Yes, I do add flour in, if you watch the video, you will seeing me adding the flour :-)  Thank you for making me giggle this morning :-)
can i use 4 eggs instead of 6?
No leavening agents are needed in true sponge cake, the eggs alone are strong enough to do the job on their own.  Great question and thanks for watching :-)
hi, i'm looking for the perfect sponge cake receipe because i'm planning to bake a layered cake for a birthday in 3 weeks .. can this receipe be done with a simple handmixer ?? because i don't have a kitchenaid .; thank you !!!
Hi! It will work if i put colorant into the mixture without adding egg yokes? Thank you :D i love your fudges!!  Can you do a pecan pie or a lemon curd??? thanks!
Hi! It will work if i put colorant into the mixture without adding egg yokes? Thank you :D i love your fudges!!
Hi! It will work if i put colorant into the mixture without adding egg yokes? Thank you :D i love your fudges!!
Hi. I really like the video but I just wanted to ask, when you keep whisking the eggs for 5 min, do you leave it at full power. Thank you
what is the difference between beating the whole egg and egg white separately?
Hi, what sugar was that? And can i use a blender instead of electric mixer?
If you do, do you need to add extra sugar if you put cocoa and how much cocoa?
hi i want to ask if i can put some flavor like cacao powder or vanilla ?
Is that self raising flour or just the normal all purpose flour?? :) I loved it btw :)
been looking for a simple sponge cake recipe. glad i found your video. i just have 1 question...do you use different oven temp with a non-stick pan?
Also, what can I use instead of that type of electric whisk? I have a handheld one, but it doesn't spin that fast...
u dont use baking soda or baking powder for this?
may i know what kind of flour you use?? The normal 1 or d High-ratio/superfine flour??
