Thank you Kang. May I ask how often you water when you over winter your plants?
Have a question ❓ the bucket needs to be drained or not? Please help 🙏
Hi sir I’m from 🇨🇦 overwintering our peppers mean keeping them inside for 6 months ,do we use the same method?
Thats awesome :) I am up in Canada and going to try this with our reaper and scorpion this year - do you recommend grow lights and the tent or have you or anyone watching just had them in a bright warm windowsill all winter and them been ok? Thanks!
How often should we water the overwintering Chili plant,thanks
Is it possible to keep hot pepper plants in the garage for the winter time?
Does that grafting really work? I really dig your videos.
How much water is given when overwintering, eg reduced.. also any fertiliser given before overwintering.regards.
If the plants begin to flower on an overwintered plant, should you remove the buds if you plan to plant them outside in a few months? I have some reapers and scorpions that have a ton of flowers forming . Thank you!
Did your new container (Lowes blue bucket) have any drainage?
What is the best soil for scotch bonnet plant please
How often do you water the plants during overwintering?
What area are you in? It’s October right now and I’m in PA so I don’t know if it’s too early?
Why do people make videos and not respond if we ask questions?🥺
How often do you water them once inside for winter?
What’s a cheap light/tent set up? I need to put my plants in my garage which isn’t well insulated. I live in zone 6 where it gets down in the 20’s F in winter, sometimes lower, sometimes much higher. Wondering if it would be better/cheaper just to buy the plants over again next year rather than try to overwinter them.
So wer do u keep plant over the winter you don't say ?
Do they need light and how often do you water? Or do they just get kept in a cool dark place like when you bring in a fig?
Does it need frequent watering even if its dormant?
nice plant! what is the temperature of the space where you keep your peppers? by the way, I like the sound of the wind, it makes the video real.
What about watering?
Can A pepper plant survive outside during  winter months  without doing anything to it?
What tool do you use for grafting?  Very interesting both wintering over and grafting.
My plants have been inside for a week and they are putting out leaves.  Should I take off leaves?  Will it grow slowly to where I could leave them?
I'm in Zone 7A - Will the peppers survive in a garage over winter if I put them in a window?
What light schedule?
Why not put the plant in a small greenhouse type enclosure (even the simple, cheap metal rods + plastic cover) rather than virtually destroy the whole thing to fit it in a smaller pot for only a couple of months?
Is it normal for the buds to start pushing out new leaves? I pruned my potted pepper plants back, brought them indoor and have them in front of slightly cracked window blinds to give them afternoon sunlight. Should I leave alone or do something to prevent further bud growth until the spring?
Hey Khang great video and thank you for the great info but I do have a question . Do you put water to the habanero plan during the Overwintering ? . If you do can you tell  how much and how often . I want to try overwintering and this is my first time doing it.
How much grow lighting (hours) should winterizing plants get
What lights and room temp. would you recommend?
Do you water the plant over winter?
Very awesome video man!   Can we still overwinter if we don't have a tent with lights? I just have a spare bedroom in my small home
Hi , I saw lil white fungus over my overwintered pepper plant after 1 month of bringing it indoors... does this mean stem is dying ? I kept it in not so bright area .
Do you always remove all the leaves?
Do Chilli lose there green leafs when it is to cold for them...i have some charapita indoor but they lose all there green leafs...i raised the temperatur in the Room it selfe since a few day's ....SOME IDEAS???
How long do pepper plants live for when you over wintering every year?
Dont you think its silly to first rinse off soil then add on soil?
What do you recommend if I don’t have a light?
When I will cut off the branches and take it inside, how often do I need to water the plant? Hope it will keep somehow through the winter without additional artificial light..
why cut the plant down if you are bringing it inside , i am new to chilli growing and i intend to bring mine in for the winter and leave it whole and keep it on a window cill above a radiator and hope  the light coming through the window will be sufficient ,
What grow light do you use? If someone asked already my apologies.
Where do you keep it during wintertime?
What overwintering is for??? What do you get by doing it? What is the  benefit????
What this procedure is for?
What light is he using?
I'm interested to know what do you use in your soil mixture
When is the right time to take peppers inside? I.e. when the temperature lows for the days is at a certain point?
Can you overwinter tomato plants?
do you overwinter in a cold greenhouse or bring into the house ?
You mention tent? What kind of tent? How about tule will that work?
do you still water the plant when you bring it inside the house? i hope it is not a stupid question..
Okay, so I've trimmed them way back, reduced the rootball, confined them to smaller pots, and put them under grow lights indoors. But my space is limited. The plants are only about a foot below the lights and I cannot increase the distance. How do I prevent the plants from growing taller during winter? It's warm enough where they are and they are happy with the light. I want to keep them very compact until I put them back outside after April 15th. Mine are Shishito peppers. Thanks for any advice.   (Just in case overwintering doesn't work for me, I saved some seeds from a few red fruit that stayed on the plant long enough to get soft and mushy).
Can I grow them all year indoors?  Or do I have to prune them down and make them hibernate?
I tried it and new shoots start to come out after 10 days. Do I need to change to a bigger pot and fertilize or just keep it moist and sunny location for the winter? Thx
How long can you do this? How is production?
Can I use this process on bell peppers? also Egglant?
Do you put holes in the bottom of the container for drainage?
What if we do not prude but owerwinter? Will it survive?
So what kind of peppers do you get with all the grafts?
Whats the tent set up? Is it necisary?
Can you take cuttings and root them that way for new plants?
Do you need to be that aggressive with the cut back?
Very interesting! Since peppers have a perfect flower and are self-fertilizing, does that make cross-pollenation between the grafted branches less of a problem?
More of a question do u still water it all winter like when growing in the Sommer?
Why is it necessary to wash off all that compost and cut back the roots? Also would it not benefit from keeping some leaves? I've never tried this myself. Probably it's too cold here unless I had space inside the house which I do not!
is this winter bucket with holes? and do you water it?
How often do you water?
How often should I water once I bring the plant in for winterization?
What’s the benefit of removing roots?
hey Khang do you notice weird growth come in when the plant first starts coming to life after winter??
I’m definitely going to be doing this this winter with my peppers what temperature do you keep your peppers over winter?
Hey nice video. Do you let the foliage grow full in winter or do you cut it back now and then? Because of less space I mean.
my question is if you keep the plant over winter and do the same method as you showed to this video, could it become more hot the peppers for the next year?
do you have success grafting two species, like an annum onto a chinese or baccatum ?
What happened if your plant begins to grow fungus?
Great video and advices! We winterized our two plants, it has been 3 weeks we ha e them indoors but no new shoots,  your plant look really green, ours look  brown and dry, please any ideas  and tips? Thank you.
Do you have any video about how to make warm house for plants in winter? Thanks
How often should I water my pepper plant while it is growing indoors?
How do you applied the Nim oil? (Concentration,  addditional ingredients, etc) Greetings from the Galilee
Is there holes in the bucket? And what soil did you use?
If you only remove 90% of the old soil, won't the remaining 10% easily contaminate the replacement medium? One or two eggs is all it takes. I want to bring some plants in, but unless I completely bare-root them I think I will have a disaster.
I am new to this, please let me know what the neem oil is, where I can buy it
Do u water and does blue bucket has holes under it?
What kind of setup do you use/ have for winterizing?
can you do this with any pepper plant? where do you keep the plants in the house? what temperature is ideal for over wintering? How often do you water the plants?
Can you prune plants and leave in the same pot to overwinter?,then repot in the spring when not warms up.
When you over winter a plant like that what is your light cycle like how long on and how long off
What kind of soil did you use here
What growing zone are you in? I just sprouted a dozen datils. Im in 9B.
i have a question,   can hawaiian baby woodrose overwinter? And morning glories seeds, can these climb plants over-winter? i didn't find an answer
What kind of light i have to use for that?
how often do you water it? also is your tent inside and is it absolutely needed
why do you need to trim all the leaves off?
What’s your fertilizing regimen for your chili peppers?
Is this pepper plant still alive?
December? Jeez that’s cold for a plant
Yeah it's hopefully you can answer this because I live in an apartment I was wondering if I could bring those plants in with a grow light I have tomatoes pepper plants please answer this Quest thank you
What if the pepper grew in the ground, instead of a pot?
Hi Khang,great video..you transplanted the plant to a smaller pot,will the plant stay in that container or will you give it a larger pot?
Hi Khang Star,  If one of my potted plants didn’t produce hardly any fruit should I still overwinter or replant? it’s healthy but just didn’t produce due to bud drop, poor pollination and due to excess nitrogen had more foliage than pods.
Dont u need to leave a few leaves for photosynthesis?
I might have missed it, but once you brought it inside, what do you do for watering the plants? Weekly, monthly etc? Do you fertilize? How long do you keep your lights on?
My jalapeno is around 6ft and the bottom half is turning to more of a wood texture, if I cut it down will it still be able to sprout from the nods?
how much watering do you need once they are inside, and what temperature is best for the plants when inside?
Great video, what kind of light do you use?
How do you graft.  Do you have a video on how to do that? Thanks
that bucket doesn't have drainage does it?  how does that work?
Love your videos! Thanks for posting. I’m a new grower and have 4 amazing jalapeño plants. What’s the benefit of keeping them over the winter? This may seem like an odd question I’m just curious. Do  the peppers change flavor or hotness the longer the plants live?
How many hours of light are recommended through the winter and should that increase toward spring? If so, how much?
How many hours a day do you run your light?
Does your buckets have drain holes and how often do you water them?
I'm curious...why not use the old pot?
Hi thanks for the great videos. How does watering work when winterizing pepper plants?
I am on a limited budget, what lights will I need when I bring a plant indoors? It will be in my basement which will also be about 40°
What is the age of that pepper plant?
overwintering do u water the plants ? where do u keep them ? what temperature ?keep them dry ?
Hi again.  I have some  what a related question.  This year,  I have grown peppers that are taking longer to mature fruit or only flower in colder tempretures such as rocoto peppers ( I should thank you for your help on germinating them)  .  Unfortunately, I live in not so sunny Canada  so I was wondering if you can give some tips on bringing fruit producing plants  indoor without trimming it down.  Any help would be greatly appreciated.   Best of regards
Do you have well water or city water? does it make a difference when washing the roots if the water is chlorinated or will the plant be ok?
when pruning to take indoors during winter can all the leaves be removed or must i keep a few leaves on ?
Great video! What is the soil mix you use for potting pepper plants?
Khang, I just watched this video and found it informative.  I do have a question, I brought in my ghost at the end of the year but I did not prune it.  All leaves fell off and new leaves have just started coming out in the last 2 or 3 weeks.  Would it be a bad idea to prune it at this point?  I don't want to kill it but it is a pretty big plant.
Hi! I was wondering if a plant was infested with leaf miners but I cut it down all the way and removed all leaves and overwintered it will the leaf miners return when the plant starts growing again in spring? Or should I just get rid of the entire plants? Thank you!
Hi @Khang Starr, Is Important to quit old soil? I have 3 plants of habanero in pots and i have cut branches and I have added fertilizer but the soil and the pots are the same. Thanks for your help and great videos.
Can I do this if my plant has already been frost damaged?  Went on fall vacation, got unexpected freeze ... leaves falling off, peppers falling off/dead ... just wondering if I can still salvage it ...
Can you tell me what you used for your potting soil ? Or direct me to one of your videos that I might of missed. Please and thank you.
when you transplant into the pot, did you have to add anything to prevent shock?
I overwintered a pepper plant indoors last year, without doing anything other than bringing it inside.  It survived and produced this year.  It was looking pretty sickly after spending all winter inside, but it recovered once I got it back outside in mid-spring.  So what's the point of all of the pruning and de-rooting?  I guess leaving it as-is causes the plant to spend too much energy trying to fruit/flower, and other things that just aren't going to happen indoors in winter without expensive lighting, and that it's better to let it go semi-dormant and "rest"?
how many hours of light on and light off to winter pepper plants?
Can you put your over winter plants in partial sun  (window) for the winter and it will still grow the next spring
Thanks I have a question is there any other plants that can be grafted to a pepper I have done tomatoes to potatoes and will be trying cucumber on gord next summer
Could you provide links of your lights and tent you have?
Can you spray neem oil on the soil and then bring the pot indoor (to avoid any insects that may be in the soil) ?
I live in Zone 7, Dayton, Ohio.Can one do this with garden pepper plants, transplant to a pot?An then do Pest Control, followed by quarantine ?Does it matter the type of pepper plant?What about watering? Fertelizing?
Khang starr I've been wondering  how many years have you kept a pepper plant?
I thought you lived in Houston? I'm from Austin myself and we never have 20 degree weather in December, or through the whole year in fact. Was this recorded somewhere else or maybe it's just colder in Houston somehow?
where can i find that tent?
How is the ratio for light-on and light-off time? 12h/12h?
What kind of light do you use?  Is it possible to rig one up. . .like using a desk lamp?
How much light per day is needed while overwintering?
Wanted to know if this pepper plant survived the transplant
great video, thanks for sharing which kind of lamp are you using? is it a fluorescent lamp? thank you again
You have just saved me years of frustration, thanks! If I may be bold enough to ask as it sounds  bit like we have similar weather,  where abouts are you located? I'm in Northern Ontario, Canada.
How do you know which plants would die or not when you cut off all the leaves?  Thanks for the video
nice does the neem work on wierd bugs from outside?
Do you have any recommendations for indoor lights? Affordable is best! haha
What size is the smaller bucket, and where did you get it? my older plants are doing ok, I take my older plants out in the sun if it's a decent day, but they are not fruiting.
hey khang Starr.I was wondering if theres a way to get pepper plants to produce more bigger branches towards the bottom of the bush.all my plants shoots grow super tall but only on the tops
nice video, i have question how much LUX light need the indoor plants to survive in the growing area
how about a video on best seed starting methods?
Can I graph different pepper plants of different species as long as they are still in the nightshade family?
did you eventually eat the leaves you cut off? ;)
When are you going to show how to show us how to graft?
Why didn't you use the soil that was in the old pot? Are you looking to produce peppers over the winter or just preparing for next year?
Do you have any videos on how you graft your peppers? I'd love to see that!
are you changing the pot size back again in summer ?
Thanks for the video!  When I brought my plants inside I noticed they grew black dots on the leaves and those leaves started falling off.  I'm pretty sure it's a fungus problem have you ever had that problem?  Seems to spread quickly too.
how many years can you cut it down and let it grow up again?
