Came out great easy to follow, I would like to know how to thicken the sauce a little after the oxtail are cooked.
Looks delicious Chris will love to give this a try can you please let me know on what the paste is and what seasonings you mix together to make the paste and how to make it cannot wait to try this but that's the thing I'm waiting on many thanks
Can I do this without the green paste or would I be missing out??!
Is this really got? I see the Scotch Bonnet pepper listed. Is there an alternative if those aren't in our area? Also How hot does it make the dish?
Si there a recipe for people who can’t eat chilli or chilli seasoning
Why use ketchup? I've seen so many people use it, but I think the flavor gets lost once cooked.
What is in the green seasoning. Where can i get it :)
Tell us the seasons in the green pack. In USA and dont know what you use
A one know where I can get a pot like that in NYC?
Hi do you have a recipe for the Caribbean green seasoning? Do you think the pressure cooker gives it a different taste?  How would you describe the coconut milk taste and why do you use it?
can i use boxed coconut milk ?
Not too sure about that coconut milk, otherwise great recipe!
We Jamaicans season totally different 😂🇯🇲 where is the butter beans?🤔😂
I tried making oxtail and it has a bitter taste. I added sugar thinking it would help and it looks so light in color. I was told not to use any more browning because it would make it more bitter. what should I do?
Could we add turkey necks to this?
Can I throw this all together and put it in the crockpot low and slow?
If want to use pressure cooker how long set it for?
Chris, I want to make ox tails and black beans in the crock pot, can you help me?
Can this be done without oxtails?Can this be a meatfrre dish
Can you use a replacement for the scotch bonnet peppers?
My daughter is allergic to dairy and coconut. What can i use in place of the coconut milk?
Where can I buy Caribbean pot vol1 that ships to the uk?  🇬🇧 Thanks
can u add some red wine to the pot or in the marinade process?
I was able to get grass fed oxtail for 5.99/lb! Making this on Friday. Is it okay if they aren’t cut? I bought it frozen and it is still in whole medallions.
Were can I get a big dutch pot like that from? 😫
That looks amazing! What are some good sides that go with that?
Looks good, Can I use beef stew instead? I had oxtail before don't like that after taste.
Where can I get a large pot like that
Does the gravy actually taste like milk or coconut? I hate both but really wanna use the recipe
Can you use a pressure cooker instead of doing the 3 hours?
Hi chris... I tried your recipe and I didn't have thick gravey at the end it was still alot of liquid there. What did I do wrong can you tell me ?
if you pressure cook it how long should u cook it for
Why you never finsh your videos it aleays cut off and what the careabean sauce
Why in the heck did you cut them up so small were you trying to save on the meat or stretch it hell I would choke trying  to suck the meat off off those tiny bones. KEEP THEM WHOLE.
Can u make veggie oxtails please
When did Oxtails get so expensive?
Can I use a pressure cooker to cook oxtails?
Chris  where  did  u get Mr. Dutchie from ? (Pot) I bought  some for my daughter  but i don't think they are any good. Everything  sticks no matter the  temp.  And  after a year  of use they  don't  look nothing  like ur Dutch  Pot, LOL
Love you recipes, do you have one for a slow cooker
I like this recipe... still what exactly does the Coconut milk do for the taste of the meat??? if you don't mind me asking.  I love coconut milk an never used it with oxtails.
8:06 i thot they tell you to toss the marinade liquid... that it is NOT to be used??
do you have any recipe for preserved mango plum etc?
Lost your recipe for your Tinned Mackerel Dish  Dutty gal  and cant find it in your Videos Any chance you can re post it please
Eh Slim! What's the name of the chune in your outro? The tassa one... Dah chune deh maddddd!
Ok. I looked through all of the Caribbean pot videos and also the website and I can't find the receptor for the Caribbean green seasoning. Can someone give me this recipe?
How is he speaking so differently from his previous vids. I know he is trini but it sounds forced...compared to his past vids.
I looked on your site under recipes for Caribbean Green spice and could not find it. Would you post the recipe here? Thank you.
Looks great! No scotch bonnet here :( Do you think I could replace it with some dried powdered chillis (I've got lots of these, ghost chilli etc) in the marinade, or should I just add the chilli after I start simmering?
What's the name brand/size of your pot? I need to buy one of those!
The green Caribbean spices you used looks like Jamaica Jerk Sauce.  Is it?
All I see is a pot of bones, where's the meat?
Hello! Your recipe is really good! I am going to do it again soon but I have one question: do you parboil your meat? My intent is to reduce the grease as I had to remove much of it when it was done--but I do not know if parboiling would defeat the marinade. Thanks! Happy cooking!
Chris can I use a crockpot?
who the hell put ginger in oxtail ? definitely not a real Jamaican!
What is his ethnicity?
How long and at what setting would you cook this recipe in a pressure cooker?
can I cook this in a crockpot?
What Is in the green mixture, is it sofrito or something else.
how about a video on curry boneless chicken breast? just a thought
Where is the video for the green seasoning
hey chris what about doing some tripe from cleaning to table
If I wanted to use my crockpot. at which point would I put it on the crockpot?
How do I make the "drooling" emoji?
chris question can i use my crock pot for this stewed ox tail.
Hello: Love your videos! Would like to know what type of pot you are using? Thanks from Los Angeles, CA.
Chris do you have recepies for the seasonings ?? this looks so bomb !! I wish I had you as a personal chef at home !!
who sell Caribbean green seasoning?
