These are beautiful but lots of rental places won’t allow you to do all this without then switching everything back when you move. When you start using contact paper that’s a pretty permanent solution because it would damage the surface underneath if you removed it later right?  What about makeovers for short term rentals?
If the excuses for this not to be pretty are limited space and restricted rules, I wonder 💭 why tried? 😂
Can you please tell me where I can find those vinyl hardwood floor panels?  Thanks.
Looks good but I'm a bit skeptical about the use of untreated wood as towel racks and hooks if it is intended for wet towels. May stain the towels and the wood won't last that long.
How is this rental friendly??? She took off the entire vanity mirror???
I love your videos!  I learn something every time I watch one.  This video taught me how to lay laminate flooring...I always wondered how you do the last piece.  You have great tips and I love your energy!
I have a question. Can you have that floor in the shower aswell ? LOVE the makeover!
I live in a pre WW2 apartment and everything is BOLTED down in my bathroom and painted over 500 times. I'd love to swap out my vanity but there are no screws. I can't cover it with a mirror because there is tiny shelf coming out at the bottom. It's such an eye sore. What do I do????
I noticed through a lot of your videos it's all the exact same style, your style and not theirs? I think it looks great, but maybe incorporate what they want as well
Hi!! I am not able to open the link for the wood flooring, would you mind double check the link  please? I really need itttttt :O
Really love the flooring! Can you show us in more videos how you do the flooring?
Can the door even shut over the heightened floor and rug?
Where is Marty? Asking for a feline fan friend.
The cost is high. Where to store all old things from apartment if is tiny?
Not very practical, the flooring is questionable and the rest of the arty farty stuff is just superficial ...it needed more practical applications like a real place to store towels ...no one leaves wet towels hanging on the backs of doors they need to be dried and flooring would have been better with a nice cushion type of vinyl Lino a nice lighter colour to brighten and make the room look bigger. but whatever!
How much UNDER $400?
Hi Alexandra! I'm thinking of installing the same type of vinyl plan flooring in a rental bathroom of mine that's equally as tiny! I'm wondering how much of the plank flooring you had to order? I'm planning on measuring of course, but don't have access to the apartment yet to measure and am hoping to as much budgeting ahead of time as possible. Thanks in advance!
Hi Alexandra, I really struggle to organize my kids room.. with all the clothes .. toys..hair accessories... so much stuff :( Can you help with that ?
Ok...where did the money go? I really didnt see a big change. I'm a renter and my bathroom looks way more glam than that. At least u tried. Loved the removable flooring tho!
Contact paper on a countertop?  No that’s just trashy.
Hi Alexandra! I love your tassel and pon pon earrings, where do you get it from?
I just worry about where to store everything once I've swapped it out -- like the mirror or towel racks!? I feel like I need a whole closet dedicated to just holding things that the apartment originally came with.
What is the obsession with pom poms?  Once in a while, maybe but in EVERY redo!  I generally like the makeovers but I'm getting distracted by the inevitable pom poms.  Perhaps it's time to move on to other patterns and textures.
How the hell did that cost $400?
how were you allowed to replace a vanity in a rental?
if they all look the same it's not styling
Where did you store the original vanity? It has to go back in once they move, right?
How many cases of vinyl flooring did you need for this? Looking into doing this in my bathroom and it's a similar size.
Where do I get the bamboo hangers? I don't see a link?
if your from Canada how are you getting things from target, we haven't had that store in Canada for over 5 years... maybe some of the $400 went to a plane ticket to the states
Unless contact paper has really changed over the years how you put on kitchen counters and bathroom counters seems impractical. It scratches and wears and the pattern comes off if you scrub it or if its wet for a while and moisture gets under it. I cant imagine it stays looking decent after a couple weeks of use.
$400 ? Seriously? I'm sorry but that seems a lot of money .
Is it just me but there was a concern about space resulting in the ladder DIY, but wasn't there a closet full of framed photos?
So much of that video was a bit impractical.... the original towel rail may have been in the wrong place but it was better than having wet towels slapped up against the wall and unable to dry.  Also I liked the sink..it looked like stone.  And lastly the mat.... how do you close the door???  It would annoy me each time to have to move it to close the door...
Any tips for working round a hideously coloured bathroom? My bath, sink, toilet etc are all green/grey and i have awful floral 70s tiles. I mean the whole thing just looks like its from the 70s tbf 😅
Could you pls list where you bought the shower curtain?  I saw a similar one in bed bath and beyond for $30
i want to change my bathroom mirror cabinet its a 3 mirror cabinet.. can u show in deatil how u did this 1?
Would you help me for my living room im on a budget and I love your style
Can you link the products you used? I love the wall hooks, the toilet brush holder and the over the cabinet towel holder and would like to know where to get those.
I would have left the black floor alone & let it work with the gold hardware.  Did not like the rope ladder.  Gold handles, new cabinet and lamp are enough money spent.  $20 for Target rug.  What raised the cost to $400?  The flooring?
Here's what I done understand,  when you remove all of this things and replace them,  where do you store them for the 1 plus years you live there?  I feel this is such a big transformation for a rental
How is a towel bar not practical?
Hi Alex, could you link to the hand towel rod that you put over the cabinet door?
Where did you find the towel rack for the cabinets, can’t find them. Please help.
@AlexandraGater Can you link the over the shelf towel hanger?
wait $400! I was expecting a very nice bathroom for $400 this is ugly
am I the only one who freaking HATE pom pom??
$384?  Must have been the flooring????
Um, 400 dollars for that?
Seriously? All that money on hardly a changed bathroom? looks worse than what it started out as.
Am I the only one who kinda liked the original floor? It was giving me like dark/black marble vibes. Or maybe it was just a style thing, the floor definitely wouldn't have tied in with the rest of the bathroom :)
Hai Alexandra you are one of my fav youtubers😍 can you guide me with DIY essential tools? Or make a video just for DIY essentials.  I m looking forward to see that. Thankyou.
Where did you get that basket from? The one on the back of the toilet with yellowish pompoms?!?!
Love the IKEA cabinet swapout but won't the damp towels damage the walls?   Love it otherwise!
