I wanna know what primer she used
I love the wig. Is that one from your brand?
Can someone tell me what video has the green glitter incident in it???!!!
"Who's Babs?" Made me laugh too hard. Babs is what i call my nieces because i have too many.
What happened to chasee
CAN someone explain... what ever happened to her bf?
Is that the Tokyo ghoul jacket from  ur kaneki look??
Why not green? Do you have beef with green glitter?
Hi. What kind of dog is that?
Is....is that a sombra jacket? Or am i hallucinating?
How often do you clean your brushes? I feel like I never clear mine enough
Love your glam videos! ❤️ do you have any tips for blending for people with hooded eyes??
Can you use lash glue if you don't have glitter glue? They seem similar. Also! What's y'alls favorite cheap black eyeshadow? I need one
Are they still together?
What was THAT HIGHLIGHTER BRUSH FROM!!!!!😍
Whenever I try a smokey eye or in general use a black shadow on the outer corners of the eye, it looks like a black eye. How do I avoid that?
Babs Seed from My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic. Am I the only brony here? Haha
Ok so I have a make up problem what if you run out of bronzer? And you can't contour? What can you use?
am I the only one who really likes her personality???
Ok I know the story of the green glitter but I can't find the video where it explodes can someone help me plzzz
What glitter does she refer to in all her videos ? ( ya know , the herpes )
could you do the pink eyeshadow/eyeliner picture on your instagram please?!
I love your channel! You are my absolute favorite! What palate do you use for vibrant colored eye shadows??
I know I have asked before but I cant find my comment anywhere...  What's a good eye liner to use on the lower water line? EVERY single one I've tried just wears right off in a VERY short time from blinking.
Did anyone else notice that spec of glitter at 1:30???
Why avoid green glitter? Genuinely curious 😂
why, specifically no green glitter?
When you were putting in blush you kind of looked like Elsa from Frozen.  What kind of dog is that? It's so cute 😍
What kind of dog is ripley?
What song was in the background?
What is the problem with green glitter?
What do you have against green glitter?
Do you know the exact color code for that wig?  It's amazing with the lavender tips!!
What was that highlight you used?
Where is that jacket from plz tell me? I kno ur busy but if u see this a one word reply is all I need! I'm in love with it! Also that's my favorite wig on u!
Could you do a tutorial on the looks from The NYX Face Awards? Would love to see that tutorial
What do you use to edit your videos?
What is the story with the green glitter
Love this!!! Is that regular glitter??? and what kind of dog is that??? so cute!!!
what highlighter did you use!? Im pretty pale myself and I have problems finding good highlighters.
wait, where'd you get your jacket omg its so cute!!!
Does anyone know what type of dog she has because it's adorable 😍
Could you make a good no-make-up look but with make up??
yet another amazing video. :D where'd you get them lashes though?? ;~;
I'm new to her videos ans they are amazing  but why not green glitter ? ??
Can you make a Harry Potter themed makeup tutorial.Cause if you did that it would friken Awesome @Glam&Gore
that jacket though!! anyone know where I can get it lol
does anyone know of any contacts that look like her eyes in this video? So pretty!
Hey! Can you do a "EMO" makeup tutorial? If not that's fine I just wanted to see if you could. If you can than that's awesooome! anyway byeeee <3  -Wolf-Lover-24
Please .YOU MUST TELL ME ! What is the highlighter ??
I want to hear the story behind the green glitter!
For some reason this whole look reminded me of... like... the girl "normal" female version of Kaneki from Tokyo Ghoul... does anyone agree?
you look like sabrina carpenter to me idk why
can u please do some gore 80's or 90's cartoon characters.. like rainbow brite, strawberry shortcake, my lil pony, ahhh real monsters, pepper Ann, any of them would be super duper dope!!!!!
Why no green glitter?
+Violet Hall just because people wear lots of makeup it doesn't mean they are trying 2 hide something. Usually they are wearing it because they find it fun and they like it. Also makeup is her job and she is really lucky 2 get a job doing something that she loves 🤗
Would you mind telling me what are the best ISO and Aperture settings for when you are just using the ring light? Thank you so much! You're personality is BRILLIANT.
i love her eyes! are those her natural ones?
will snazaroo face glitter be suitable?
+violet hall no profile pic what are YOU trying to hide your ugliness who gives a fuck how much makeup she wears she's gorgeous
Is the glitter easy to take off ?
Did anyone else get hungry watching this??
hi! what camera did you use? super clear!
Anyone else get the green glitter references? XD
What about an evolution of makeup (like 1900-now)?
what eyelash glue did you use ??!! i use one that comes in a smalllllll tube ardell brand  that only comes in with a pack of lashes. which glue do you use??
Hey Mykie, I'm going to a masquerade dance, and I don't know what the heck to do makeup wise. I would appreciate it if you would reply with any ideas to help out ❤️
+Glam&Gore What color would look best with brown eyes, medium skintone, and an all black outfit? I was thinking either purple or gold, but what do you think?
And if you aren't wearing underwear?
If you don't have glitter adhesive can you use eyelash glue? :)
Just a thought, anyone know which jacket Mykie's wearing because it reminds me of Kaneki xx
in what video is the great glitter spill in?
Hey there! Will you ever upload a more natural makeup, something more summerlike? I'd love that! :)
Can u chase do another vid together
Am I the only one who watched the intro like 26452946 times?
Can you do a tutorial on a look alike with your dog if you catch my gist...
I don't get it, why are you so against green glitter?
So I love Colourpop Ultra Matte lip, and I have three of them, but I'm having a problem with two of them bleeding: (Dr. M, and Be-Dazzled). If you know how to fix that that would be great.
Does this make anyone else think of Katniss Everdeen?
Hey does anyone know what jacket she is wearing?
Hey, sorry if you don't take requests but could you maybe do an Eren Jaeger cosplay tutorial? like how to create similar features for anime cosplay? thanks ^-^
can you use eye lash glue for glitter adhesive if you don't have any?
Mykie, when are you gonna make the long awaited foundation tutorial for us??
What is the dogs name
Do your parents approve of your choice in work environment? Please don't answer this question makes you upset sorry I just wanted to know because I'm thinking of being a makeup artist or a body painter when I'm older soon as I love drawing and I love doing makeup
What's ur sc?
I love ur videos. u are so funny and great at what u do. also, ur puppy is so stinking adorable. what kinda dog is that? husky? mixed with husky? lol still cute no matter what
where and what kind of wig please please
what kind of highlight did you use?
where are the new FX tutorials!!!!!!
Can u do your ideal prom/school dance make up tutorial? Would be fun to know what u'd like? :) You're amazing, hugs!
Would you do a kind of 60's mod inspired look? i absolutely LOVE your work! And your sooo funny ans gorgeous omg fuck you
Speaking of easy could you do a saint party's day eye makeup or like gorey leprechaun theme 😍🙌🏻☘
Was wondering if you could do a gory Disney princess look?
do the look your worse challenge
I have hooded eyes and I wanted to know if I could ever do makeup on my eyes like this
was that a green glitter reference?!? or three!
Do you use a setting spray if so what brand?
Who is that at 0:22 in?
please can you do a tutorial on Ash Costello from New Years Day's "Angel Eyes" video where she gets her heart ripped out? I've always wanted to see one! XD
Mykie can you make a Edward scissor hands tutorial.
Could you do an ice king gore tutorial bcus tbh I think that would be pretty coooooooool love you queen zombae ❤️😍😘
makeup around coloured liquid lipsticks (like blue and purple)?
Does anyone know what kind of lashes these are?
What's your beef with green??
I'll ask this on a make-up video! haha! did you go to school for make up? If so where! I want to start getting into special effects make-up your movies always inspire me!
Do you still find green glitter every were?!?
Hey Mykie, can you do a Mad Hatter inspired look? :D
where did you get your jacket/top? It's really cute :D
can you please do gargoyle makeup/effects ????? xxx
Please tell me you're at least like 5 % gay.
whats with her hatred of green XDD
Could you do a makeup tutorial of Undyne or something from Undertale?
what vid. did this whole green glitter thing happen in
can you please do a glam and gore angel and fallen angel tutorial
can u do like a gore Version of Disney princesses? please. tank u👑
What's the best foundation for dry skin cuzz everyone I get a foundation and put it on my face looks really dry
Can you do a heavy dark look like black greys purples every where
Can you turn in to the demon in panic at the Discos emperors new clothes?
Can you post a link to where you get your wigs?
Can you plz do your own candy man makeup that would be so cool
ok,where do you get your makeup! <3
A video about ur stretched ears ? 😆
Can you please do an undertale character but like, gore and like blood?
when are you going to do a full on gore look?
Can you do a jinx from league of legends makeup tutorial?! 😍
What about a look with blue lips  😁
Mykie, what is the jacket you're wearing during this video? I really like it!
Can you please do a tutorial for an emo/goth styled look. Go all out 😍
hey mykie when r u gonna post some more gore videos those are my favorite
Mykie, could you do a tutorial for Melanie Martinez's make up look for her Dollhouse music video, please?
is this Halloween makeup ?
Um.. Isn't it illegal to be this pretty with such an awesome personality? To jail with you!  (I just subscribed so hard)
Anyone know where that top is from? Love the collar!
where do you get your wigs??
What about a valentines demon theme? I love your fx makeup videos !!
what's your camera to your videos Mykie???? :)
WHERE DID U GET THAT WIG!? I NEED IT
Mykie! Can you please do a glam and gore version tutorial on The Black Dahlia? I'd love to see that!! Thumbs up if you guys agree :) love u mykie ❤️❤️
I swear to all mother's of glitter.. I don't know how it got on my puppy but there is a  green glitter on her.. I don't understand. we haven't even used glitter around her or even at all.  and I just noticed... we don't have green glitter..😂👀
i decided to use purple sooooo when I'm blending I kinda got lost what colour would I use?? dark pink or lavender??
i love your jacket- where did you find it? I will be searching for it now!
I love the collar on your jacket! If you ever see this I MUST know where u got it
You should do a new Q&A, I feel like it's been a while.
You have contact lenses in right? like just normal ones?
what do you use to clean your brushes?
Where does she get those liquid lipsticks
does anyone know why her foundation looks like that blotchy? I'm not making fun of her because with every foundation I use that hows my foundation looks up close 😭😭
Can you please do a q and a about makeup question I know I have a lot I'm sure other people do to! Love you ❤️😁
gorey cupid! (is gorey even a word? please help)
How can someone that pretty, be so genuine and funny.
can you do this with other colours to for a video please xxxxxxx
Can you do like a very simple eye zombae thing? Like around the eye with latex?
Can you please do a tutorial to beg your mom for makeup?
I really don't know how this is possible but, tim burton inspired make up tutorial?
WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT THAT SASSY HAIR FLIP?!
Could you do a my little pony equestrian girls tutorial
can you do a video of Panic! At The Disco Emperors New Clothes
mykie could you please do a video about your wigs? they look so natural when you wear them and I want some tips before I start. much love 😙
Will there be another NYX Face Awards and if so when?
the girl on the snapchat pic is YOU? nahhh how.? omg girl u transform
Can you do an Ash Costello inspired look?
Was the green herpes the same one as your rainbow eyeliner?
what kind of false lashes do you use/recommend?
Love this look Can u do a tutorial where you use a dark/er foundation? I want to see how you look.
your dog cant decide if its a husky or a chihuahua and its killing me with the cuteness!
Can you please do a tutorial of how you put on your wigs and how you maintain them pleeeeeeease!
Love that wig on you! Where do you get most of your wigs?
what type of lash adhesive did she use?
what type of lash adhesive did she use?
Can you make a video about your foundation and concealer routine? I would love to see that ;D
Mykie, have you always been this good at makeup? if not, I think it would be interesting to see/hear about some of your first encounters with makeup.
can you do a stitch tutorial from Lilo and Stitch?
green glitter lol have you found any more xx😂😂
WHAT ARE YOU WEARING?!? I love it... I need it...
Can you do something with an Alien look? :)   with scales and gills maybe? :)
Hi I was wondering if you could do a tutorial on how to do slits and scars and cuts because I wanted to do a makeup based off the slit mouthed woman <3 :3
How do you clean your brushes ?
Could you possibly do a wig collection video? I love all the wigs you wear and kinda wanna look into getting some. So maybe also advice on what to look for in a good wig and how to put them on successfully 💜💜💜
When she was blending out the black eyeliner in the beginning, did anyone else see little black puffs of it from the corner? 😂
Where do you get your wigs?? I really have been having a hard time finding affordable wigs that look nice. Thank you for making these videos Mykie. It really helps.
any videos for girls that wear glasses? I have issues where u can nvr really tell am wearing eye make up
Boyfriend does my makeup challenge
Can we just outlaw green glitter? That would be nice.
Why is the song in the background
More cosplay esque stuff like when you did kaneki?
phantom of the opera tutorial?
Walking dead zombie tutorial? Please.
What foundation do you use? I can never find anything pale enough. :/
I love your videos! Can you do like a male transformation??? I would like to see that. Like Andy Biersack....
Can u do a bride of chucky tutorial with a gore spin!?!?!?!?
Can u do a bride of chucky tutorial with a gore spin!?!?!?!?
mykie please please do a piercings video! like all about the piercings u have!
Does anyone know any alternatives to some of these products especially the glitter,lips and highlights something that works almost as well but is cheaper?
I know that you mostly do make up but can we pretty PLEEEAAASEEE have a wig tutorial?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!!!!
Wait, why not green?
How do you get the eyeshadow to go straight like that? I keep trying and I can only get it with tape and that hurts and is annoying. Whenever I try to put eyeshadow on it always is really rounded at the outer part of my eye. I hope my question makes sense. <3
Do a video were you show all yoU r make up or at less were you keep it
Can you do a makeup/special effects collection?
What gauge are her ears stretched to?
Talk about your wigs. Where to get them? How to make them look natural? Full lace, half lace, or none?
Why smh for green glitter?
What is this black thing she has on? And where can i get it? It looks gorgeous! <3
Hey I have a question glam n gore do u think u could do this in blue for me just so I know what it looks like plz I would love if u could and I would be SO happy
Can you show us your favorite makeup products? Btw I love you and your videos
You are AMAZING!!! Have you ever heard about panic!at the disco??? Well there was this video they did called "emperor's new clothes and i was wondering if you could do a look inspired on that? If you did it would probably be amazing like all of your other looks. ok bye ilysfm
I don't know if this is to basic or anything but I love your lip color in literally every picture you take, so I was wondering if you could maybe do a favorite lip products video or something. K love you!
haha I get that thing about the green glitter!!! have you still found some of it? xxx
Can you show us what colors go with each eye? Like purple with green etc.
Can you show us what colors go with each eye? Like purple with green etc.
this is so funny, everyone one is saying "What is this green glitter joke? what?" and I'm sitting back here like "i know what it is ha ha"
Why does she mention green so much?? Love you
Are you doing the nyx face awards this year mykie???? :) :) :)
Beautiful, as usual!!   For a beauty tips type of video, have you ever considered a "how to" video on how to apply individual eyelashes?  And of course, any sfx video is great and highly anticipated! :-)
Can you do an eyeshadow basics video? I have suchhhhh a hard time blending shadows/doing my crease. You're my favorite youtuber & I'd love to learn that from you :)
was your dog an Alaskan Klee Kli?! they are adorable!d
Can you do a video on fx keylie jenner challenge fail wound
[whispers] no mirror makeup challenge. please?
how do u get the sfx makeup off
Can you do a glammy Freddy Krueger, and a gore Freddy Krueger? Like him and his wife or something? Ur so amazing!!!
can someone please explain the green glitter thing?
Have you tried illamasqua? I know they have light foundations
Can you do sort of like a guide to liquid lipsticks? Just doing a comparison between quality and price
sorry to bother you but have u any tips to make my face look less long thin? I see loads of vids seeing how to create bone structure on your face??? your fab btw
STILL trying to find out what eyelash glue it is you use?!? Sam (Batalash) seems to use the same one and I can't figure it out for the life of meeee! Ladies, help!
could you please make a video of how to wear your wig and how to take care of it???
is it justme or does anyone else find her eyes so cqptivating?
MYKIE!!!! please could you try a RIPLEY inspired look?? any backers for that? haha <3 you!!
why not green glitter?!
why are you so adorable sobs
can u show you'r wigs collection and were u got them and you'r opinion on them?please?tenx for your vids love u
New subscribers are probably like "tf is her problem with green glitter" like you don't wanna know fam
wait what does she hav against green glitter lol😂😂
do you think that you would be able to film a skin care routine, because yours is WAYYYYYY better than my reptile of a face, and i'm sure many other people would want one :)
is it just me or does she sort of look like luna lovegood in this video without makeup on
why avoid a green glitter? what did i miss?
okay is it just me or does she look and sound like Quinn from one tree hill?😂
can you do a video on bleeding eyes like blood tears :) love you babe♡♡♡♡
Are both you and your guy from the us?  Because I swear, in the beginning it really sounded a lot like he said some Swedish words x) (I'm Swedish)
Hey Mykie, did anyone ever tell you that you can pick up glitter really well with a sticky lint roller?  Just for future use.
can you do a snap chat sfx  makeup
i know you already did a revenant look but.....I really want to know how to get lips like his in the movie, when they are all chapped bleeding and crusty looking lol. Gross maybe, but I am curious!
A deer/doe makeup? And for gore a zombie one or one that's been hit? 😅 Idk just add some blood or something :3
Can you do a sexy version of dead pool?!
Please can you do a 2 part glam and gore tinker bell tutorial xx
mykie!!!! do you bake your face/think it makes a noticeable difference?
avoid green glitter... hmm... you still findin dat err where??? lol
Mykie, could you do like a jawless walker inspired by The Walking Dead, Michonne's pet? just a request!
I feel like I missed something. What do you have against green glitter? xD
Could you do a spin on beauty and the beast? Like belle has been bit by the beast and now shes turning into some sort of ....werebeast?
what can't you dye your eyebrows?
Can you please do a video on your wigs?(:
What kind of pup!!??
Can you do a makeup tutorial for pale, beginner makeup users with what you use? I'm also very pale and it is hard for me to find what makeup works. Thanks! And I love your videos!!
please tell me someone got the green glitter joke?
Where on earth did you get that jacket??
why should you avoid green?
WHY must you never list what lashes you use?!?!? 😭😭😭😭
Can you pleasee do a pastel goth look?? That would be amazing! It had 600 likes from the last time I requested it :3
Anyone else notice a spec of glitter on her cheek before she actually applied glitter 😂😂😂
I wonder how many people didn't get the green glitter thing. c:
mykieeeeeee can you show us a Jeff the killer make up
How do you stop your makeup from transfering off of your face?
please do a q & a because i have so many questions about make-up
Could you do a variation of Blake Belladonna form RWBY makeup?
Caan you do a Pride and Prejudice and Zombies look????
I wonder if you could transition yourself into a guy.
Could you do a tutorial on how to do an ombré lip using liquid lipsticks?
can you please do a tutorial on American Horror Story?
Can you do a natural tones/natural look  ....like something I could wear to school or something ☺️
Maybe do another Anime look for something random like Kpop? XD
Can you do a Mary Stuart tutorial, please?
I've watched all of her videos and I can't seem to understand the green glitter reference? Which video is she referring to? What have I missed? ☹
Mykie, can you do the next zombies look? I love those videos, and just any gore videos in general
Mykie! You should make a Darth Maul gore-ish sfx makeup video👹! Please??!
favorite drugstore products with a favorite high end products vid as a part two??
Can you please do a Maroon/Burgandy look?
Do you think this technique would work for brown instead of black?
I have a request...Hi I'm justice.I love your channel so much..I was wondering if you can do a mint makeup tutorial I'm having my quinceanera and my dress is light mint I would love it so much if you could help me out....Thanks so much!...
Can you do a Tim Burton Corpse Bride look plzz? 💚
why not green???
I'm really pale too! How do you contour so successfully without making it look like there's dirt on your face because I can't seem to find a good shade because of my skin tone...
Can you do a fx "Mykie" version of Lip Art? Kinda curious to see what you could imagine up
Why is green not your color of choice..?
Please do a video on how to put liquid lipstick! It is a mess for me to do it!
Who else saw the sparkle at 1:40 ?
Mykie! you should make a makeup video Ripley themed, Ripley makeup tutorial?  yes? no?
Foundation routine?
does anyone have recommendations for fluffy/blending brushes or just nice brushes in general?
way to much make up! I wonder what she's trynna hide...
Could you do a video on how you clean your brushes and what you use?
Did anyone else notice that she looks like she's wearing Kaneki's jacket?!?!?
Can you do an America horror story creature look?? ❤️❤️❤️
Yay! You uploaded this on my birthday :) Can you gonna do an LA meet & greet?? That would be just amazing!
Can you PLEASE do a video on an your industrial piercing!!!! I'm getting mine in a couple of weeks and I would really love to know some tips!!!! Ps I love you soooo much Mykie!
why are you so pretty and talented !? 😍
Mykie, is there a method to do large fluid filled blisters sfx?
where is this wig from, so prettyyyyy ! I love it
Hey girl, maybe you should do a green glitter version of this? ;) Haha.
Does anyone know the outro song?
i did the little brow twitch thing idk?
I really think you should do another QandA!
Can you do something steampunk inspired?  Love your work 😃
can u do a Gore side of valentines day version??!!
Why does Mykie look like a black woman in her snap story pic?
Loveee youu!! Can you do a Ryan Burke inspired makeup? :)<3
dID ANYONE ELSE SEE THE GLITTER OH MY GOD MYKIE AT THE BEGGINING WHEN YOU WERE PUTTING ON THE BLACK SHADOW ONTOP OF THE LINER THERE WAS GLITTER
Can you do a look for people who wear glasses , I where glasses and my eye makeup gets lost behind my frames
Miss Mykie, queen of all that is magical, glittery, and gory, could you do a Glinda the Good tutorial? I have wanted to do one, however I've never known where to start!
Why do you recommend avoiding green?
how do you clean a brush?
ohh it's a wig.. I thought it's her real hair.
Could you do a fantasy elf one? I'm trying to find good videos for Elven makeup because I'm starting a larp character and she's a mystic elf, but I'm not having much luck... :/
Really wanna know where she got that jacket...
Could you substitute the black with grey or brown so it's not as dark?
It's pretty specific of me to ask but if you've seen Don't Hug Me I'm Scared it'd be awesome if you could try an inspired look from any of those videos. Love u!!
Can you do a doctor who gore look? There are a lot of cool aliens that could inspire a cool makeup look. :3
Please can you do a pink toned natural eye look for school thanks love you
what brand liquid lipstick do you use?
@glam&gore where did you get your top? I need it in my life. I love it.
could you do a spring look? :D looking forward to spring and summer over here.... ^^
What video did the whole green glitter thing start
For your next look could you do Fran bow? I think it would be really cool with your skills! （＾ｖ＾）
heyy could you maybe try the twin alfa from teen wolf?
can you become Ripley? that would be epic!
Have you ever thought of doing a glam vamp or werewolf in transition look? I'd be suppppaaarr interested in that if so :)
Alright, what highlighter was that?!!! I need it in my life!!
Can you please do another Melanie Martinez look? Maybe Carousel or Dollhouse??
Could you do either Corypheus from Dragon Age Inquisition or a Red Lyrium infection type look?
can you do video of your  eye ball shot out
How do you apply your lipstick so perfectly? I often have trouble with that. Help?
Hey my name is Jessie, i was wondering if anyone wanted to check out my beauty channel..... If not that's fine😊
What brush are you using to apply bitten on your crease?
What company do you get your wigs from? Xx
Mykie oh my days where is your jacket from??
Kinda obsessed with Adele rn so...?
I'm so curious though, why not green? XD lol
Will you do a No BS product review on your favorite and not so favorite glitters to use?
This might be a weird question but.. Where did you get that lovely jacket from?! I need it! :D
THE GLITTER HERPES! WHEN WILL IT END?!
do a saw look  the puppet and or a victim
Mykie can you please do Brendon Uries Demon make up.
Omg, Mykie, where did you get that wig because I really love it and want one! P.s. I love you and all your work!
I wanna do rainbow...would I use the darkest colour to the first colour I use
What kind of dog is that?!?!? 😍😍😍😍
What type of dog is that?
where did you get the wig?!
Can you please do a video with your fx products favorites and for what you use them and like all the products you have and price comparison and where to get them and all that, it would be really useful for people starting in fx makeup like me, thanks and I hung up with my boyfriend on the phone just to watch this video as soon as it came up, no regrets <3
What etsy shop have you been getting your new pieces from +Glamandgore?
can anyone tell me how i can put this much eyeshadow on my bottom lid without crying and looking like an panda afterwards? :( the tiniest bit makes my eyes tear
What's her snapchat?
Could you do a elena (vampire style) from the vampire diaries tutorial please xxxx
Where do you get your wigs! They are perfect! I'm wanting a grey one like that one but idk where to start lol
Can you do a tutorial on a person who has just went through a zombie apocalypse? Like they got beat up and bitten and they just look very post-apocalyptic? I think that would look really cool. Or it could be a glam person so she had some sassy makeup on before the apocalypse and the zombies just messed her up. Love your videos!!💙🔪
can you please do a horror easter bunny 👯
I'd really like a tutorial for the lime crime velvetines because I have one but when I put it on it bleeds and it's bloody annoying😅 love you loads💞💞💞
what's the video with the green glitter?
The makeup is gorgeous but I need to know where you got whatever it is you are wearing?!?!?!
What kind of brushes do you use???
Can you do a Teen Wolf inspired look? Ly ❤️
Mykie! Which bronzer and contour colour did you use in this look? I have fair skin like you and can't seen to find the right colour
Could you do a fancy crazy goth look please or something steampunky? :3
Mykie I don't know how, I really can't explain it, but the other day I was gonna put on my headphones and I saw something shimmering in the weird mesh area of the apple buds, it was a spec of green glitter and I'm like WTF I DONT EVEN OWN GLITTER!!!!
can you do an americf an horror story fx
Mykie can you please do a wig collection?!?!?😍😍❤️🔥
What foundation?
Is it just my phone or is the audio a little weird?
CAN U DO A TAYLOR SWIFT LOOK PLZZZZ
can you do a video of you taking off all your makeup so we can see what you look like without all the glam
How come when I try things like this, I look like Im punched in the face?
Mykie have you ever tried limecrime? I was wondering what your opinion on it was...
What kind of dog do you have?!?!? Soooo cute! Completes the look!
How come she has flawless hair? LIKE GIVE ME YOURRRR WHOLE FACCCCEEEE PLZZZ :3 <3
Can you do a look inspired by Supernatural? Cuz I would loooove to see that.
Could you do a madam red make up?
Can you do half of your face Taylor swift and the other half Selena Gomez🤗?
can you do a grim version of Arial from the little Mermaid?
Could you do more one minute tutorials? Like those eyebrow ones you did a while back? I thought they were pretty fun
Could someone link me to the green glitter video? I wanna be a part of the squad too :(
Would you do one of Gemma's looks from Sons of Anarchy??? That would be awesome! Thanks myke!
Can you make yourself a wolf? Like do a cute wolf kind of thing and then a killer wolf. And yes I did get this idea from looking at you dog.❤️😂
please do a foundation tutorial or a natural valentine's date look
can u do an american horror story inspired video
idk why but you remind me of hayden panettiere
hahhaha why are you so discriminative to green ?:D
Can you turn yourself into an emoji? (Face)
Can you please please please do an air brush tutorial??? (:
Is it hard potty training a dog living in an apartment?  We just trained our dog to ring a bell hanging on our door to let us know that he needs to go out.
How about a DeadPool look? With mask, and then no mask. 😃😃
Please do a makeup tutorial on the countess from American Horror Story!
I would be super interested to see a natural look on you, just for the fun of it. Maybe done by some other youtuber that specializes in natural looks... Am I alone in this?
Wait a sec... Green glitter?!?!?! 💚💚
I know that this is a regular makeup tutorial but for the fx special effects part of your channel can you do an Undyne from undertale tutorial??plz
where is the wig from? love it
"Who's babbs?!!?"
What's up with the green glitter???
Can you do your make up to look like Ripley?!
Can you take Johnny Deeps Mad Hatter's look to the "gore side"? 😅
Hiya Mykie, could you do like a video on what kind of makeup works with certain eye colours such as blue? Cuz I know you can find tips and colours literally everywhere, but I'd like to know your 'opinion' and picks on that! Xoxo lots of love from Holland 😘
When are the other neon Zombaes coming out?
Please do a wig collection video!!! Can you also put them on or put them on a manikins head to show what it looked like???
am i the only one who like replays the vid fo at least 3 times cuz i luv mikey so freakin muchh
Can you please do a basic smokey eye tutorial
Can you do a Favorites video?!?! please or a whats in my bag ?!?! or a Get ready with me ?!?! please ?!?!?!?
Could you do a tutorial on how to apply foundation properly and prime your face in a everyday make up look or maybe a subtle look for school?
Can you do just a simple look for someone who has no clue how to do makeup, like go over all the stuff you used and where you got it. That would be fantastic. 💜💜
is there a video  or something with the green glitter? i hear it alot but i have no idea about it 😂 xx
have you tried that weird clown contour? if so, does it look good when it's all blended out?
Could you possibly do a Poison Ivy look?
Can you please do a foundation routine?
Could you do a video on Halsey's stage makeup please :-)
what lipstick did you use in the revenant injury tutorial?
more gore ❤ could you please do a look like a part of your face got blown up ?
Dramatic eye look for ppl with glasses?
can u do that look that u had on snap the one where u were with jkissa
I would love to see that rainbow neon zombae? Or are the neon zombaes gonna make their reappearance next halloween?
what does she have against green glitter? fabulous look tho^^
Could you post a video on how you style your wigs? That would be awesome!
How about an everyday but still GLAM look. Your tutorials have really inspired me!!! ❣😍
Why does she have such a grudge against green glitter 😂
Who is babs!!?? 😂
Is it weird that I want to see u do a CL makeup tutorial she is like the kpop goddess and best rapper Eva would really appreciate if u did it also love ya 😘😘😘
How is it possible human can literally look so good with any color on the whole freakin wheel. I ain't even mad just damn curious
what are the best SFX makeup brands
Beautiful as always!! I've a question though!! When you wear wigs do you wear one of the hair nets or just tie your hair up? X
I'd like to see you do a make-up interpretation of the Harry Potter Hogwarts Houses/ Divergent Factions? And maybe the Zodiac signs too. <33
Anyone else think of deadpool with the black and red eye shadow?
Do a tutorial on the movie the boy or a sexy tigress from king fu panda 3
How about a horror look for Valentine's Day!
Do Disney's Desendants make-up transformation
Am I the only one who is waiting for the last couple of 3D neon zombæs!! I really want to see more!!!
Why the hatred for green???
love this look girl!   also is your furrr baby a husky?  so adorable I just wanna know! =) please and thank you!  xoxo 😘 😘
Can u do a nice pinky look for Valentine's Day maybe a maroon smokey eye?
alright, what kind of dog is that? it looks like a non super furry husky? anyone?  lol thanks ahead of time, I'm dog shopping
People who haven't been here a while are gonna be like, "why can't we use green glitter?" Lol
HOW YOU SO PERFECT?! HOW YOU DO THR CREASES SO WELL?! I LOVE YA MYKIE! #snapchatfam!!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Where did you get that amazing jacket??? 😱
Hii Mykie, I  lovee your videos.  Can you maybe make a video about how you self-thought yourself sfx make-up and if make-up school is a good idea if you want to be a make-up artist? Xxxx
AT 1:40 DO YOU SEE THIS THE SPECK OF GLITTER ON HER INNER CORNER
Can you do a makeup inspired by the zodiac signs? If you can make them into zombies that would be even better!! :) Or a look inspired by cupid, that's possessed by a demon?  I ramble... I love your videos!!! <3
Do they have a ship name? 👫
Can u do the other mother from coraline with the glam mom and gore mom? Please
can you do a walking dead look please!!!
who's bapps?!
