came out looking very nice - has anyone tried using a pressure washer to age the exterior of the chest? ( blow away some of the softer wood with water pressure ) - I plan to make a treasure/hope chest out of cedar and thought I'd try putting my pressure washer to good use
The plans do not download? Any reason why
Amazing job! I had a question about the secret compartment. I figure the stationary catch is attached in place with glue and screws...but how is the spring loaded catch kept in place so that it can slide back and forth but doesn't fall out?
how do you figure the angle for the slats. I have watched plenty chest video's but nobody talks about finding that angle. I have made chest but what I always have to do is cut then test the angle, cut then check the angle again until I find the right angle. I waste wood and time by doing this but I can find a video that explains this ? Any help would be great,thank you.
hi I have some question 1)Is it waterproof to get it out in the weather?2)Is it sturdy to hit any concert just in case if it gets broken ?
Thanks for the video,are your project for sale? would love to purchase a chest like the one in the video.
Great video. Why not just torch it when it's all together as opposed to every individual piece?
did you hide some hacked governmental documents in the lid? lol!
is that mustard
John Heisz great looking chest. I plan on trying to make a larger one out of some old pallets I came across. Would the project work roughly the same? This will be my first DIY project and entering the world of wood working.
How does your wood stay together with the mustard. JK
I have a question: did you design the one-hand clamp that sitson your window? if so, do you have a video/ article about it? Or plans?Or if not, who made it?
Nice job as usual John.  Curious though, why you wouldn't scorch the wood once the box is completely made, before stain?  It seems like an obvious and much quicker way, so there must be a good reason to not do it this way.  I just can't think of why.  Thanks for all the videos.
Not so secret anymore, is it?
Great looking box! Love all of the details. I have one observation, maybe I'm wrong. The lid that covers secret compartment will expand making the opening impossible? Thanks John for sharing!
Great project John and I even had fun watching. I always enjoy your videos especially when you narrate them. That secret compartment was cool. Your wooden K-clamp, how does it compare to the Bessy? Would it clamp with at least 1/2 the strength? If you feel it does then I am going to make 4 each of 24", 36," and 60". Thank again for sharing.
3:50 What's the butcher knife for? Ward off safety trolls?
Why Matthias Wandel, you and April Wilkerson uploaded video same time?﻿
