Thank you very much! A quick question: is it a must to realign the belt if it is crooked a little bit?
Does this work with the Proform models?  I don't think I have a front roller adjustment screw.  I notice the belt is to the left coming from the front roller.
How do I adjust front part of walking belt if gap on side of motor belt (left side) and also small gap at back left side?
The best most detailed description s ever, You describe how the roller works related to the belt is very important for one to understand.One question can I do both sides the same time ,or tighten one side a little and the same time loosen the other side a little or just do one side only?Thanks u are the Best dude !
Why does treadmill looks narrow my feet barely fit on the mat band
Mine wasnt used for 1 year, started to walk, slipped, its not working right its slipping... I think there is an amount of lube that droped on the pulley's, near motor. Should I put some break cleaner on belt and with a towel while its running to clean it or take off the belt, pulley's and everything? 🤔 OR I throw it in the street...
What tool did you use to adjust the belt from the rear?
May some one tell me what I should do. Last week I was exercising on my Trimline  on a speed of 9 . When I exceeded the speed to 10 it Shut down. I tried all means nothing can turn , the power bottom not function
Great Videos and you were recommended to watch to replace my treadmill board, but how do you get metal side rails off the Sole to replace the deck?  I cant seem to slide either side!
How do you adjust the treadmill if it does not have a bolt system like yours does for the front roller? I have a proform, there was no bolt to adjust on either side of the roller but the roller is slightly angled to one side causing it to push to one side after constantly adjusting the bottom roller.
Nice! Just bought this treadmill. was wondering why it was not centered even though it was brand new excellent video thanks for the help!
RJ, I have an older Healthrider S400..If the treadmill runs for about 5 minutes of normal usage, the belt slips and it appears that the slippage is the roller at the left hand corner where the front belt connects...Have you ever heard of the roller spinning inside the cog that the belt raps around?...Thank you...Paul
I adjusted belt to be centered run at 3 mph, for 5 minutes run it up to 5 mph for 5 minutes, worked perfectly no movement. But, once started "walking" on treadmill at 3.5 mph after a about 10minutes it started tracking all the way to left edge. Why is this occurring?
I can clearly see the belt is crooked.  How do I fix that and make sure the belt is evenly tightened?
can you accidentally shift the rollers without even noticing it while youre re-lubing it?  I relube my sole f80 for the first time a few minutes ago and now I have this problem.  I keep tighten and retighten the alan keys which takes forever just to adjust the belt itself., and now it slide to one side.  I havent touched the rollers myself and wouldnt even know how to until I watch th end of this video I guess
does this also work on gold gym treadmill
Hi ,my machine is after 5 to 10 minutes stop and no working tell me plz what i do
what should i do if the toe cap on treadmill has been burnt away by the rubber, does it mean that my treadmill is permantly damaged and cant be repaired?
Thank you for the video.  Just have one question.  My entire belt has shifted over to the left.  Would I still adjust both rollers?
