Nice recipe but did this channel get hacked? All the new content is so different from the older stuff and just a bunch of AI stuff which is complete opposite of the older content that was food.
Water?!  No.
When do you add the noodles?
How much water to add?
I like to add green pepper to mine, am I the only one?
Beans? Not chili.
Shouldn't we drain the fat before adding all the other ingredients and such?
Intresting it is Columbo recipe??
Publix generic canned tomatoes?!
How long to simmer? I heard people simmer for 10 hrs! 🤔🤔
it looks good, my question is do you not drain the meat?
No garlic????
You left all that grease in there?
Same way in crock pot ?
where is the whole recipe so I don’t have to keep following the transcript ??
Hopefully you get back to me. I was wondering, is it possible to make chilli mince beef without it being hot like just warm
Hopefully you get back to me. I was wondering, is it possible to make chilli mince beef without it being hot like just warm
Idk why Mexicans here in Mexico dont eat chilly dogs😢...ama have to make my own!!u forgot the vinager jalapenos😁..jk
It’s all great recipe but I’ve always wondered why it is called chilli? 😅
And why is there no mention  of cheddar cheese topping?oh well 😂
Can u make it in a crockpot?
Bro how is that chilli powder black?
What was the last ingredients yoi added in bottle .couldn't hear thanks
We're is the recipe and ingredients located ??
U mean 3 onions??
How much water and how long do you simmer it?
Can it be fresh tomatoes? 🥫➡️🍅🟰❤️
Where is the recipe?
Was the fat drained off the meat ?
Wait don't you need to drain the hamburger grease???
How many ounces were each of the black bean cans?  Also how much water was added?
Is it necessary to rinse and drain the cans of black beans? I can't wait to try this, but I want to make sure I do it right.
How about paper and celery?
I just want to know how long it takes for the water to thicken
Water? Why not beef stock?
What's that sauce he added after adding water?
wait he didnt drain the beans?
Greatest? Greatness is subjective. A third of an onion? Next.
Why is there less of chili and more of beans
Can you use watered down tomato soup instead of water?
How long do you cook it  for?
Wait u didn’t put cans of chili in there , I follow the whole time and now I’m confused idk if I’m suppose to use these cans 🤣
How much water was that?
What are the timings? Brown for 5 min? Simmer for 1 hour?
So you are telling me you don't add chilli in there? Why is it called chilli then, I'm just asking out of curiosity
Guess I just don’t know how long you boil it for lol
Shelf life?
Black beans is that salted?
Why the name "chili" ?
How long do you cook it for?
u dont wash ur beans and drain them wtf?
Forgot to say how long do you cook it for?
Cook time?
I stopped watching this video the second you added those canned beans, how the hell can you call it the greatest chili with canned beans????????? 😖
Am I the only person that loves a saucy, less viscous base. 😋
Can someone tell me how long would it take to make this dish? Need to know what time to start. Thanks.
Is there an option to choose the type of meat we are using? Can we use chicken or go for a vegetarian option?
does chilli with chicken/mutton mince disgust anyone?
or a large fresh chili??
Beans have a punch? Ehhh next video
Is it ok if I user organic tomatoes not canned?
Can u make without ground beef and just beans
The thing that I would love to know is why it's called chili when there's hardly any chilli used.
I am not a beef eater, so how much shredded chicken do you suggest I use?  Still 1 pound? To my "dead taste buds" There is never enough pepper or splices, how strict are the measurements to follow?  I mean, to add "to taste" is not the same as "daily allowances."
I wonder how long it actually takes to cook
cmon man cut the Tomatos and Onions smaller dont that much water and will dont look like Tex Mex Shit
No garlic powder no white pepper!?
Can I use kidney bean instead of black bean?
Uhhhhh why did he put everything straight from the cans ? Ew
Shouldnt you cook the beef and drain it then add it to spiced sweated onions?
2 cans of kidney beans?
Why are there so many youtube recipe videos but they don't list the recipe.....
What did u say when u said something sauce I didn’t hear it I don’t understand what u said
Does anyone else add a can of baked beans when cooking chilli, or is my mom the only one?
What do you eat it with? Looks good
can i add some hot peppers? if so would i add it with onion?
Aren’t we supposed to drain the fat ?
Did you win a local contest?
Not even any tomato sauce?
No recipe...…..Why ???
Perhaps use half the water and simmer it less...no?
Looks really delicious and I would love to try your recipe, can you please give exact measurements of the ingredients you added. Thank you. 😉
Did you drain the tomatoes? The juice adds to the flavour. Also I'd suggest adding more her s with the onions, and use fish sauce, soy sauce and sherry to reduce heat before browning the beef.
Who else is eating chili while watching a chili video?
Is it better than Wendy's chilli? IMO, that is a gold standard when chilli is concerned.
Water? Why not stock? Beef, chicken, or vegetable?
A third of an onion!? How big was the onion?!
Wtf is a little bit for a measurement? Lol at least put ingredient measurements in the description below so we don't have to guess what your little bit measurement is.
Can fresh tomatoes be used instead of canned?
Should of rinsed the kidney beans first it can make the recipe to salty and starchy.
Does anyone else add corn to their chili
so it is basic mexicana with added beans and stronger spice ?
Do you have to have cumin?
What if I omit the beef part?
Why do you not strain out the liquid that the ground beef made,? Or do you just leave it in for the flavor.?
A tea spoon of salt ? :/ you need waaaaay more than that for a full pot.
Time frames? Kind of cooking blind.
As far as gringo chili goes not bad I guess . Why use the word chili tho? This is just glorified spaghetti sauce.  Want real hot chili go to northern New Mexico .
Where's the bed of elbow macaroni with the chili resting on top?
How long should I let it simmer?
How is this plain stuff even close to worlds best??
Looks good,but where is the fresh chilli?
what's the fat/lean ratio of the meat? What kind of tomatoes? Don't you rinse the beans? I'm out.
Is chilli so wet? lol
How long did you simmer it for ,I like the recipe.
I added liquid smoke to my ground beef half way through cooking it. I don't know how it will taste it's a test. I'm still cooking it.
Is that an aluminum pot?
Is fresh tomatoes okay?
Beans, tomatoes, hamburger??? This might me a tasty stew, but it ain’t chili.
No garlic???
I'm not sure about that recipe. You forgot to drain off the meat.
how long do you let it all boil together till finished
nice and easy recipe, but where are the bell peppers? ☺
What type of ground beef and cook for how long
