Also I want to ask if Crisco it’s have to be cold or room temperature?
Hello. I want to try it, but I was wondering is in it a bit crunchy taste because of the sugar or it’s stays completely smooth?
For the past five years, no matter if I buy Domino powdered sugar, or a store brand, it makes my frosting taste like soap.  I looked online, and so many others have this issue.  Do you have a suggestion on a brand of powdered sugar that does not taste soapy?
Thank you for sharing your recipe  Question so then how much sugar total you put in?  Waiting for your reply
Do you have your own YouTube channel x
How can you turn this into chocolate
Hello did you use high ratio shortening or vegetable shortening?
Is like be to know if this can be piped and flooded to use on sugar cookies. I hate the taste of Royal Icing.
Id love to know if it stable enough to be hand painted on. Thank you!
2 pounds or 4 pounds of sugar???
Can I use this for a Rosette Cake or is it to stiff ?
Corrine ... how about you just didn't put all the powdered sugar into the mixing bowl at once. Like maybe one cup at a time would be a lot easier plus it would make your frosting tastes and its consistency much better.
How much butter and shortening have to put for2cups of choco cake. For frosting piping? Pls tell me. Shortening should be room temp or in fridge cool?
Just got done following the video. The icing is not creamy smooth like on the video. How do I get it smooth??
can you use a flavored emulsion instead of vanilla extract? also how does food coloring effect the icing?
Can i use this underneath fondant?
I don't get why when I come my Crisco and butter it curdles and separate.  what is the secret?
why not add 10x a cup at a time?  You still have 10x all over the bowl's edge and all over the beater head.
can you tell me the taste ...is it just as good as the basic Italian buttercream frosting ...
She never added the butter that sat off the side the entire video.  Huh?
can u use all shortening and add a butter extract to get a pure white buttercream?
smaller recipe ?
Hello, how long can you keep it in the freezer? I seem to make a lot and don't want waste it.
Wouldn't it be better to split the powered sugar into two or three lots so you don't have a powdered sugar overload?
