where do i get this lemmon grass?
Could you tell me sagging breast lift up solution pls
oh am i too late? can i ask one thing, if i do all those teas in one prep, can i put them in fridge and just re-heat it? or it needs to be fresh all the time?
Hey,do you strain out the mixture of ginger and water,or do u leave the pieces in the water.if so,how long would you leave the ginger in the water for before drinking?😀😊thanks you.I'm going to try this out!!!👌👌
Joanna I like u very much plz tell me how can I reduce my breast size? Is any video on it?
Hello. Can I use the 3 ingredients in just one cup of tea? Thanks.
Does the teas still have the same Healing effects if it was cold
I would love to know about golden milk
Can it be drink like ice tea or does it have to be hot?
can i just drink one of these teas in an empty stomach and hit the gym/ exercise? thank you.
Can u mention what is the best time to drink lemon grass tea,  plz
hey joanna, i wanna ask whether when we're on period, can we still do it and drink it?
Hi Joanna, I m making the tea right now. I just wonder how long can I store the tea. In the fridge and every time reheat one cup?
what can we use instead of lemon grass?
Do they sell lemon grass everywhere ?
Hi Joanna. Thanks for the tips. I have two questions if you don't mind 1. Do you reheat the tean eveytine tourough the day? 2. Dies turmeric powder have no effect on the colour of the teeth? Thank you for answering my questions
will not the boiling water lessen the food value of ginger and lemon?
Hey can I do a video to lose inches off your waist?
when you detoxing you body do you drink  these  tea on a empty  stomach without eating any foods
But can we use raw turmeric instead of turmeric powder???
Hi Joanna, I really wanted to try these detox teas and was wondering how you would recommend making them with powder tumeric and ground ginger? Would I just put them in directly to the hot water then just drink it just like that? Thank you!
Would the addition of green tea make these more beneficial?  Thank you for the video.
@jonnah here in pakistan lemongrass is not available ? whats the substitute?
Can you make a pitcher and keep it in the fridge then warm it up to drink.
Where can we buy turmeric powder ? Rarely see it or the real thing
Hello Joanna - Thank you for sharing this. I made Ginger+Lemon tea and I just loved it. I am having this in the night everyday for the last couple of days and it makes me feel good. But now I have a question. Can we drink this ginger tea every day? Or should we space it out? Can you please let me know?
Can I use fresh lemon juice instead of Lemongrass ?
Best to drink in the morning or at night?
Hi Joanna, I have a question for you. Is it good if I run for like 30 minutes and after that doing some legs workout?
Hi Beautiful Joanna, i'd like to know if i can prepare that detox tea in the morning. I'll drink the 1 cup  first before work out and 1 cup after work out..... Can I put in the fridge the other 2 cups and just reheat it at drink before bed time? thank you!
hello joanna,im 14 and i have belly fat i want to lose it very badly,but everytime i do exercise i gain,what 2 exercise videos should i combime to LOSE weight?
Your videos are great! I'm doing your workouts and feel the burn!  What if you don't have lemongrass? Would normal lemons work? Thank you so much😊
i love lemongrass tea but you said it is kind of citrusy? i find it more like sweet... i wonder if it is the same herb :/
So, this may be a dumb question, but do the lemongrass and ginger help just as much if they are dried? I have these lemon ginger tea bags that include both lemongrass and ginger root as well as other flavors and herbs, and I'm wondering if it will have a similar effect.
Hi joanna, huge fan n watched every video! Have jus com down with a cold so will try this! Plz can u do a video on healthy salad dressings plz, and a skipping workout- thank u
I wonder how much ginger/tumeric you have to add for 1 or 2 glasses of tea? :)
When you make the turmeric tea with the turmeric powder, should you simmer it for 15 minutes like the lemon grass, or just add it to boiling water? Thank you for this video I will definitely try these.
I've been very sick for the past few days and I thought, maybe this can help my symptoms? So far, I tried the inhalation with lemon grass and I do feel better! (Not completely, but I can definitely tell the difference from before and after.)  Do you have a remedy for nausea?  Thank you for this video!
joanna ! How old are you ??
What if I am alregic on lemon grass..than I use only ginger and tumeric?
Hey Joanna, I really love your videos and I´m a big fan of you since over one year :3 Could you do another breakfast video? Like: helathy breakfast, cheap and easy to make. That would be great x) Have a nice day!
I'm sort of confused about how herbal teas both calm and relax you (to help you sleep) but also energize you (to wake you up in the morning)
would it be fine to make a big batch of these teas and refrigerate them then warm them up when I drink it?
hi Joanna, thanks for the info.  could you let me know where  to buy the teas fresh?  Love ask your videos!  please keep them coming!!!!
Can I use powder ginger and lemongrass instead of fresh ones..?
What do you do and eat that keeps your skin looking young,firm and radiant???? Can you make a video of what you do and eat please
What about Oolong tea?
joanna how shld i drink it or how many tymz a day shld i drink to detox
Thank you so much for this information, and Happy Chinese New Year! I have a question, is it true that anyone living primarily in warmer/hotter climates shouldn't drink tea due to our blood being more acidic? I read somewhere that tea can actually have a poisonous effect?
its called tea should i make it with tea or its just a name?
