What's the problem with rockwool top and bottom
What do you do if you get an ice storm or a heavy snowfall with the flu cap that's spring-loaded or the flip top one?
Where can I find that chimney cap that opens and closes?
We have a fireplace that we don't use so we wanted to cover it up. We live in San Diego so we have wood exterior walls. But we don't want to completely eliminate the fireplace and chimney just in case, if we ever sell the house, we could reconstruct the mantle. Would it be a good idea to use something like this and then could we just demo the mantle and frame-in the opening?
OK. I watched this and read the comments below. What people feel and think about Larry's knowledge quotient are opinions. Facts are good: Opinion, well,  ...I am totally against crown washes on chimney crowns which were built incorrectly in the beginning. I think what one comment sharing person  meant when they said "cement" ... was concrete. Modern concrete is created by mixing  sand, aggregate, water and "Portland cement".  I also think reverse corbels, tricky twisting designs and revealing horizontal mortar joints  are an anathema to good chimney construction and are the major contributors to accelerated deterioration of the chimney. I question the installation which is without a wrapped SS liner and nothing  stopping the flow of air at the damper with kaolin fiber and a metal plate and an appropriately sized hole for the liner. This wasn't actually a typical fireplace "insert" install but is instead a wood stove set into the fplace. I would have treated it the same as a wood burning stove's vent connector into a wall or straight up into a metal chimney. One wouldn't leave an unplanned or unconsidered gap that air could pass through.  A top sealing damper on an airtight wood burning stove shouldn't be necessary if the installation had been done correctly.
HI Larry, quick question, Assuming the stove door is closed when not in use, what extra energy saving does the cap do? The air from the room won't flow through the chimney as it is stopped at the stove door. My new fireplace takes air from a pipe leading to outside for combustion, so no air will be coming from the house unless there is an air leak in the stove door.
Question - How would you close up the space just above the stove to stop that air from going up the chimney while t is running?  I'm asking because as you said my rectangle damper that I keep closed is not very air tight and I would like to somehow make it air tight.  The great thing is that I do NOT use the fireplace at all.  We just put decorations in it for each season.
And lastly WHY oh WHY did you cut the stainless steel chimney liner below the top of the flue tile...That is against the manufacturers specific instructions and a hazard for the installation...I am so glad yo are not working on my home!!! YIKES
And we are just ignoring the second wide open flue tile??
why silicone/caulk the cracks?? Just restore the cement crown wash with either a proper cement crown or a proper Crown Sealing Medium by Saver Systems??
What do you or anyone else recommend blocking the space around the SS liner and chimney wall at the bottom of the chimney. I want to block that air space with something non combustible
Why not seal the gaps between the new flue pipe and old damper area with some insulation or fire blam
Larry,  I appreciated this video on chimney top dampers. However, I question the process of cutting off the stainless chimney below the top of the masonry chimney for a couple of reasons. Code: I presume that code is written for a reason. In Portland code requires the stainless chimney to continue to the exterior of the house. Air sealing: At my house  the stainless chimney cover yoke is siliconed to the masonry. When I blower door test the house. There is little leakage at the stove.
