Why cant they get out of the jar??
Do you say tomato sauce sees or what it's that can you be more specific I what is the name of the white bag that you say to put around the
Anyone knows why they don't just fly out of the open jar?
Does it have to be a glass jar can you line oil on the inside of a plastic jar?
What is the comical name?
Great video! I know it's been a few yrs but is it completely necessary to find a roaches "nest" per se..? Trying couple diff things to get rid of thwn at our house. Seems like there dying but than some come back.. any suggestions?
Where from can I buy diatomaceous earth?
Did you like my video? Did it help you in any way? Would you like to help me out too? You can tip me with the thank button or if you use my link to Amazon when you buy anything they throw me a few cents. Plus, if you go to my store you can see the things I have bought and liked enough in the last 10 years to review or add to my store. www.amazon.com/shop/robbshomemadelife
WHY didn’t you show the trap set up and working?  Very frustrating.
Can your neighbors spare some chicks?
Why does this work??? Is it cuz they cant walk up the side of the glass jar cuz its to slippery???
Will this work with a 64 ounce Ball brand Canning jar?
What attracts them to jar ?
How much Diatomaceous earth should one use? IIs it "as long as you cant see through to the pan or container? I wanna know so I can buy enough to last a while, but not so much as it will just sit around? Thanks.
Is it boric acid
Hi Robb, don't know if you are still commenting on this post but if so, my question is if you have a jar full of Roaches, does that mean you have a problem ? What is the criteria?  I'm new to Florida and had a bigger Palmetto in house this morning.  Ewe!
can you put margarine or vegetable oil in the jar?
I thought palmettos could fly?
How would I go about poisoning the neighbor's cockroaches without accidentally killing some of my own?  Don't judge me!
trying this now with pizza sause does that work could I use peanut butter in jar or jelly and sweet stuff for bait thanks patty bell minnesota
is this works for terra formars?
Where do you find those big jars or what food can i buy to buy the big jars? I have tried baits and using raid spray and hasnt worked so my next solution is now spraying the yard with some expensive stuff and using the diatmocous earth. I tried using sugar on sticky pads but not a single bug. The raid traps werent working because they were walking over one of them and i decided to cut that open so next time they can get to it. I'm wanting to try this method of the jar stuff next. I hate roaches and not ready for a bad infestation, I still see one or 2 a night and the moment i find one i squash them but I just want them to die from something like the method you used. Where do you find those big jars?
they can't just fly out? or are they too stupid to think of it?
So how is it that the big roach can crawl up the jar and go in but cannot crawl right out?
punchers holes in them and it makes them leak out huh??? lol not really how it works but ok...lol
Music? At the start plz?
what brand of tomato sauce do they prefer?  also, in an apartment... does this jar technique not only kill the roaches from your own apartment or do they also attract all the roaches from the neighbors apartments as well?
i know this is from 2012 but somebody asked me about getting rid of roaches... i like this idea but superglue a Styrofoam bowl (with a hole cut in the side) over the aluminum pan. i figured that would keep their dog from messing with it. A non toxic ant trap. thanks!
which type of syrup? My sound keeps fading in and out.
whats best to use for the food inside the jar lid?
I like the diatomaceous earth idea. I have one question. Will the insects that have walked through the diatomaceous earth hurt my chickens if they eat them? My chickens escape from their coop constantly. I want to kill cockroaches without killing my chickens.
i have palmetto bugs in my garage which Terminex doesn't seem to get.  I would like to try this but have a question.  Is the jar empty of the spahgetti sauce or do I put a little bit of the sauce inside the jar?  thanks.
How much of the food do you leave in the jar for this to work? I wonder how they get in the jar, fly down to it? I wouldn't think they'd be able to climb that slick glass.
I wonder if creating the traps just invites them to come in ... I try to keep everything clean and all foods well sealed ... but I see a Palmetto bug almost every night. Yuck!
if they can climb into the jar, why can't they climb back out?
Doesn't this just attract them? It doesn't really get rid of them does it?
how do you spell that earth thingy
I've got roaches getting into my kitchen drawers and cupboards, so I'm not sure where to put these kinds of bait traps. There's not room in the drawers for something like this, and should I put one in every cupboard and drawer? And what about keeping them away?
+Robb's Homemade Life , was I right about my decision to get granulated?
Is the diatomaceous earth food grade or pet grade or neither ?
Robb, what do you put into the jar?  Do you leave any sauce in it or clean it out?
I have begun to notice some roaches and I don't think it's a real inffestation problem. would this still work on roaches?
Okay so I know this worked for the person who made the video, but has it worked for anyone else? I want to know before I try this at home.  One more thing: where should I lay the traps in my house?we have a kitchen a living room a front room a bathroom and three bedrooms.
Will boric acid powder (readily available at the Rx store) work just the same as diatomaceous earth? DE sure works well to dehydrate ants when mixed with sugar & water. Boric Acid is cheap as well (about $4- per cup) and non toxic to humans provided you don't eat the contents ha ha.   Thanks for passing along the tip Robb
where is your video on how to get rid of fleas?
ok, I'm confused here.  do you put tomatoe sauce in the jar or do you just use a clean jar?
ok where in the WORLD... can you get diatomacious earth for a few bucks?  Only things online I've found is like 50 bucks for a 2lb bag or like 30 bucks for a little plastic bottle of it...  i mean, i believe you.... if you can prove it... cause so far, no, that shit is SPENSIVE
Is it the same as food grade diatomaceous earth?
If the roaches can walk into the jar , why can't they can't just walk out ? as they don't have any trouble walking up walls etc...
So, please mention again, I missed it... what are you using as bait? Thanks!
So wait.... why would roaches cross a pan to get into an empty jar with sloping sides? Are you using bait? I just do get it - what's attracting roaches to an empty jar?
I wonder if I can got your expert advice . A few years ago a ferel cat came into our yard . Starving and had his tail cut off . We got a small kennel and fed him but couldn't make friends because he is too wild . Lately we noticed he won't go in the kennel  - even when it rains . I took clean bedding today but went backward when an army of mosquitoes flew out . Can you put your mind to something that will help this poor little fellow please ? Don't want to spray and really need help for him . Maybe other people with dogs could have this problem too . thank you . So glad I found your site .
Will a peanut Butter n jelly jar work?
What is the name of the white like powder inside the plastic bag?
what is d name of the thing in the bag i ant understand d name﻿
So again, WHAT ARE YOU PUTTING IN THE JAR?! You keep referencing the curvature of the jar...okay, we get that! Are you putting something in the jar? Burying it like a vietnam booby trap? Little Punji sticks?
whats  in the jar? is the jar just empty
I saw a couple roach type bug over the past couple months so I tried this jar trick - first under my sink, then on top of fridge - then back under my sink - but nothing caught so far. I guess I either have the kind that this jar trick doesn't work for, or I just had a couple random roach bugs in my kitchen? I was really hoping to avoid this DE stuff though - maybe I'll wait till I see another one around the house?
Why are you typing in ALL CAPS?  Are you really yelling as you type?
Did the Jar have the tomato sauce still in it? Or did it just have a little bit of sauce left in there? or did you just leave the jar completely empty?
One other question is if you leave the jar and cap out in the open do you think it will attract more bugs then need be?  What do you put in the cap to attract the small bugs?   Thanks
what product is it?
Does this really worked even if the roach thing is know just starting in my house ?
I am afraid I don't know the answer to that one, sorry. can you Google it?
Is "non toxic" diatomaceous earth the same as "food grade" diatomaceous earth? Very clever idea and thanks for sharing with us!
Can roaches climb up the slippery glass jar to get in?  Why do you put air holes in the lid if your goal is to capture and kill them?  Video is helpful, though.  Gave me some good ideas.
do you need to leave any sauce residue in the jar or do you clean it first???
What about spiders? How do I get rid of those pesky little black jumping spiders? There must be a nest under my house. They sometimes come up the pipes, or crawl in through a crack under the door.
How many of you guys just watched this video because you went to your bathroom for a midnight piss and saw a cockroach staring into your soul so you soiled yourself and are scared like a little girl sitting in your bed worried how youre going to kill them so you youtube it...... no... just me?
I added the DE and i put a few roaches on the powder just to observe but they didn't die... Do they die later on or what?
was the jar clean, or did it still have tomato sauce in it?
wait... you just place out a jar? just a jar? O___O that's it?
Hi, I was not able to make out the name of the powder, could you kindly give me the name please?  Thank you.   I want to start right away before it's get out hand... right now they are all babies...
BRO I COULDNT HEAR WHAT U SAID NOT SURE IF THE VIDEO HAS LESS VOLUME FROM BEFORE OR MY LAPTOPS HAS SOME SOUND PROBLEM?
How do they get in the jar?
what was the name of the dirt?
How does baking soda is so effective in wiping them out? It doesnt kill them instantly but softly.   I really want to watch a video that shows how baking soda reacts when they drink water.
What is a good bait for the small roaches?!!
how much tomato sauce do i put in? enough to cover the Bottom of the Jar? 1 inch Deep? please let me know, also what els is good to use for Roach Bait? what kind of Foods.
can you spray food with bug spray will it work?
how many of them actually went in?
Can you just do a combo and put a jar on a tray surrounded by diatomaceous earth??
if the diatomaceous earth works the best then why don't the exterminators use them? just wondering. and why isn't it readily available in stores. They shouldn't keep products that never works in stores. I have pest control people come into my apartment every once a month, and just put these tiny traps with adhesive stuff in them, but that's all they do, and it pisses me off cuz they don't try and get rid of them, and they call themselves pest control
Hello YouTubers. If you like my DIY videos, can I ask a favor? I am trying to increase  the number of subscribers to my channel. If you ever go to any online forums and think the members might like the type of frugal, DIY low tech goofball  videos I have on my channel, can you leave a link of my channel? The other day Mr Rawles over at survivalblog ( dot) com left a link to my flea control video and I got a lot of new subscribers. Any helpful criticism is also welcome. Thanks everybody.
How long will it take to get rid of the roach problem?
hey i'm interested in the jar trap. May i know what sort of bait is the best bait for the roach to fall into the jar ? :)  cheers
Your video starts quickly, looks good quality, and runs  without stalling on my cheap,router-- what is your secret?  Did you compress it, what?-- if you don't mind telling.
Palmetto bugs fly so how are they staying in the jar?  I can see the roaches, but not the Palmetto bugs.
