*FAQ -* UPDATED 03/02/2019 *Contact Adhesive/Cement* - Chances are your glue and XPS Foam are going to be different to mine so the compatibility may vary. The solvents in the contact cement could possibly melt your foam, it melted the surface of mine but only a tiny bit. Be sure to apply in very thin coats and test the adhesive on some scrap pieces first. If you're still having problems you could try a water based contact adhesive (the drying times are much longer). Or simply use low temp hot glue (not as temperature resistant or tough and you might need to cover up your joins if you can't get them flush and be sure to get rid of your glue strings). UPDATE - Water based Contact Adhesive sucks, try a construction adhesive suitable for foam like Liquid Nails Fast Grab (the kind that comes in tubes for a chalking gun) *Expanded PVC / EPVC / Foam PVC* - I use 3mm (0.118 inches). This stuff might be harder to get in the states than I first thought. You can order it from Lowes in the US if they don't have it on the shelf. *Spider* - Still unidentified, haven't worked up the courage to look it up in the spider directory, too many spiders.
hey trent thanks for all u do ! i was wondering if u could share the recipe for that desert color scheme in written steps im confused by the numbers going down the vertical column in the chart you made for them are they supposed to be mix ratios?
What is the name of this board... Thank you for being creative
Just found your channel…..great stuff. Do you do any 1/35 scale modelling?
I cannot find XPS foam that is thick enough for the life of me...does anyone know where I can order some online??
What brand of contact cement do you use?
I wonder if I could use soft sponge foam to do this? Has anyone tried? I'd use a mixed pre-coloured acrylic caulking to smear ove it all to give it a bit of rigidity... Good idea or not?
Top brow
Wich army you are collecting?
where can i get your work trousers
how would you adjust the paint scheme to make it less Martian and more deserty?
How did you get foam? I’m from nsw and I can’t find any XPS foam anywhere.
Hi mate, do have the name of the hardware store you got the XPS foam from? Presuming you got it from Aus, cheers!
What paints do you suggest for doing large terrain like this?
Expanded PVC? Can I get this from Bunnings? I'm guessing your in Australia?
Bunnings for the base plate material?
Great video dude! What thickness is the expanded PVC board please?
sheet or shit? accent
Awesome work, do you sell any of your terrain?
What type of foam is this and where do you get it?
When part II is coming out?
Is this the same as foamboard? I've not had much luck with that stuff. I've seen it warp on other folk's projects.
Can we get the paint scheme for that more natural rock look that was part of your two demo pieces?
Is the baseboard you used a single piece of foam, for the foam sandwiched between two sheets of what appears to be some type of solid sheathing?
When is the next video about 40k terrain?
Have you ever tried BMC's adding black acrylic paint to mod podge primes it. Creates a tough shell and protects the foam from melting.
Great video! What thickness PVC foam board did you use ? thanks in advance!
Hey any suggestions for what citadel paints to use to replicate your red color scheme? I'm looking for a red desert base theme.
Hi, i sprayed the primer on the polyfoam but it softened the surface a lot, how should i fix it? Should i coat it with vynil glue first? Thanks
Awesome!! I am binge watching all your videos!! Super impressed!! Please do more regular videos.. also just to know what is the thickness of the foam board that you are using in this video?
How do you keep your foam from warping??
How the fuck do you play with this. !?!??
What paints did you use to apply the wash and the spray? Can I use basically anything? Can you use the same paints for minis? Great video, I subscribed.
Could you try to do a necron terrain and buildings video?
Can you make a gatehouse?
*FAQ -* UPDATED 03/02/2019 *Contact Adhesive/Cement* - Chances are your glue and XPS Foam are going to be different to mine so the compatibility may vary. The solvents in the contact cement could possibly melt your foam, it melted the surface of mine but only a tiny bit. Be sure to apply in very thin coats and test the adhesive on some scrap pieces first. If you're still having problems you could try a water based contact adhesive (the drying times are much longer). Or simply use low temp hot glue (not as temperature resistant or tough and you might need to cover up your joins if you can't get them flush and be sure to get rid of your glue strings). UPDATE - Water based Contact Adhesive sucks, try a construction adhesive suitable for foam like Liquid Nails Fast Grab (the kind that comes in tubes for a chalking gun) *Expanded PVC / EPVC / Foam PVC* - I use 3mm (0.118 inches). This stuff might be harder to get in the states than I first thought. You can order it from Lowes in the US if they don't have it on the shelf. *Spider* - Still unidentified, haven't worked up the courage to look it up in the spider directory, too many spiders.
Sorry, what kind of glue is it? I can´t get it, thx
Why does he have so many bugs?
Another class video. What thickness is the epvc you are using there? Also... that apron is rather fetching.
great video... quick question....expanded pvc, is that foamboard here in the U.S. ? foam in the middle with paper on both sides?
Would have been nice to have a reference for the height you were working to? It’s great having loads of really cool looking terrain but if none of your models can actually move up or into it they are kinda useless
My Friend plays Tau and shes really wanted to find some Tau Terrain, But has been unable to find any good ones, Would you be able to possibly make some in a video at a point? Thanks for all your hard work <3
what's the thickness of the expanded pvc you use ?
Awesome stuff but what the hell was that weird ass spider!
Can you do a video of the paints that you use pls I’m from Mexico 🇲🇽
Trent, is there a possibility that you could make a video on how to plan out a while 6x4ft board thats got inlaid trenches etc? I've always wanted to make a board that is stalingrad esque but I can't get my head around planning these sort of things. I've made small pieces of terrain in the past, but I'm worried that it would just look terrible.
This looks great, thanks for the tutorial. What would you have done differently if you were to go back and use something instead of the brush and spray white coats?
I did a Miscast Terrain Marathon today and I was wondering when the next video would come out.
Could you list out what paints you used! Love the look!!
Why didn't you just cover the entire surface of every terrain piece in your signature miscast terrain sand?
