whats the best way to apply to a wood ceiling? do you need to do a wipe off with rags or just let it dry?
Thanks for instructions!  I have one question: is it necessary to apply oil to both sides of the table top (to prevent warp) or is just the top enough? I mean an office desk that is in a dry and warm room.
Does the oil smells when you put it on?  And does it smell efter a few days?
which dries faster blo or danish oil?
I have seen the sanding part done with fine wire wool. Will this give me the same result as the sandpaper? I am oiling teak.😊
Does 600 or even 200 sand paper make any difference, this is not steel and wood grains much larger  than the sand paper itself
I finished my tabletop before watching this. I have a tacky finish on it. Is that normal? How can I fix if it’s not?
Hi. Do you know if this method will work with Teak Oil?
4 to 8 hours or 48 hours?
Great video. Thank you for sharing. Is it ok to use the wet sand the 4th coat on an  indoor teak dining table? I'm assuming it is but want to double check.  Thanks!
Would # 0000 Steel Wool not do as well?
Do you recommend polyurethane after the last coat of Danish oil to waterproof for a high-use surface, like a table top?
Is there a downside to waiting longer than 8 hours between coats?
great video! how do you dispose of the paper towel so it doesn't risk catching fire?
Fabian thanx! Looks great and going to do it on my project..question: if its more then 8 hours waiting, its ok right? Like a day or two  buffer wont heart the finish? fin
How durable is the finish?  Do I need a final sealing coat?  I like that look but don't want a high maintenance finish...it's just on real walnut veneer speaker cabinets.
Question can danish oil go over a stain if I sand it and wipe down with tack cloth?
Hello, can i also use this type of oil on veneer?
Can i use danish oil for a food chopping board?
What type of wood is that? Looks great.
Is Danish Oil the only one that sucks into the wood? Is it safe for Mercedes Benz zebrano dashboard? Would you recomend it?
Good video. I'm new to wood working...Will I require some sort of wood conditioner for pine wood before applying the Danish oil? Or am I good to dive right in
What brand of Danish Oil did you use for this, and is it English Oak or another colour?
do you need to use wood conditioner with this? sorry if it as a dumb question!
Is there a limit to the number of coats of oil which can be applied after sanding with 600 grit paper? Presumably, after the 600 grit sanding and subsequent layers of polishing, applying a topcoat is inadvisable because the surface is too finely prepared (slick). Correct? I am working with Peruvian Walnut and find it difficult to achieve a satisfactory consistent surface finish (Natural Danish oil) due to porosity over the 56 inch length. I appreciate your informative video. Well done!! Thank you!
Is it okay to use danish oil on a wood surface that has already been stained? I want to bring out the wood grain and add some gloss to a bedframe. Right now it is stained, raw wood wood without a lacquer.
Do you apply danish oil next year directly or you need to do sanding from beginning?, thanks 🙏
Is there a step after this? Do you have to wax? Is it waterproof to a point?
What do you do if you forget to wipe of the excess and get sticky bits and white patches?
What if I am working with open-pore Red Oak? Do I need to do anything differently?
Very nice video. What do you clean your hands with afterwards please? I found it left a sticky residue on mine.
This looks very nice do you think it would be OK to use on my pine farm table?
What color did you use?
So Danish oil combusts in contact with air much like linseed oil. I wonder what's in Danish oil? lol
my danish oil is rather thick and viscous, am i using the wrong one?
Hi..is the sand papering necessary..I'm 4 coats in.im going to apply 7.so far it's super smooth and looking good.i dont want to ruin my work.best wishes
Hi Fabian - great video as usual! Do you think a powder dye dissolved in water can be used on wood first to give it colour, and then, after the wood and dye have dried properly, Danish oil can be rubbed on as a finish? Or would that cause a problem?  I know there are other options available, but I happen to have these two at home so it would be great if I could use them.
Hi, I'm sorry if this question has been answered already, but is it possible to apply Danish oil on a wood countertop already treated with mineral oil? Thanks
what wood is that?
Would you recommend danish oil for a pine dresser? I don't want it to be blotchy and want to to look as smooth and even as possible. If not danish oil, what is the best stain/finish for pine? Thank you in advance for your time!
Mines gone a little patchy. Any idea why? Would i need to rub this back down?
Hi Fabian! For the 600grit, can I use the machine or better do it by hand?
What stain is this Danish Oil?
Used Osmo Polyx oil on my dining table lovely finish but it scratches so easily a little disappointed
What if I didn't sand it thoroughly enough before starting the whole process? I have an acacia countertop that was finished with hardwax oil and I'm not sure if I sanded it off completely. At this point, I'm nearing the 4th layer of oil part
Can I use 0000 wire wool instead of 600 sandpaper?
If my after one coat my surface is ever so slightly sticky (after drying overnight), what does this mean and how do I remedy it?
Can I use danish oil on a bamboo island top?
so ,  is this a short cut to French polish? can I apply it on a pre-existing old polyurethane ? thanks again. You are great. greeting from north California.
For finishing a desk, should all sides and surfaces be coated or just the top? If all sides, would you need to apply and finish only to one side at a time and let dry before turning over to coat the bottom side and then let dry again?
Perfect video. Many many thanks Fabian for another great video. I am big fan of yours. Could I ask a question, do you recommend clear laquer over your finish or danish oil itself hardens like laquer or varnish? Many thanks. Danke
Can i apply Danish oil over a stain, also is it OK to then apply bees wax over the Danish oil
for a table top, do I need to to apply oil on both sides to have even oil abortion in the wood, and keep the top flat in a long term?
Hi can I apply danish oil safely on a bare pine? I made a table for me during the quarantine but I want to stain it with smth. Is danish oil suitable for  bare pine? Thanks
Fantastic video!  Very helpful.  Have done the sanding with 600 grit step, and then wiped with clean towel.  After waiting overnight.  It seems to have kind of an oil touch to it.  Did I use too much?  Will it eventually feel smooth or will it always have an oily finish?
does the wood get darker the more coats you apply?
For Pine, do you need to apply wood conditioner before applying Danish oil?
I have an old school desk that is on my covered front porch.  I want to finish it so that it will stand up to being outside - what would you recommend?
Hey Fabian, I have sanded to 1500 before finishing with danish oil. When I go to sand with the oil for the 4th coat, should I sand it with 1500? Thanks for the video!
Is this the same application process that you would use for Tung oil? I want to make my piece as waterproof as possible, and I really like your application methods, but there is no Tung oil guide. :(
Does anyone know why you don’t want to let any oil dry on the surface after each coat, and need to wipe it all off?
¿Can this product be used to gloss finish an electric guitar body?
If you stained the wood, would you consider applying some sanding sealer before the first application of oil?
Is this birch wood? Thanks.
If I were wanting to use Danish Oil to finish a project for our bathroom, would I want to continue until I reached the glossy finish? Or would until the 4th application with the sandpaper be enough?
Do I need to sand between applications?
I'm thinking about doing this on a small table I've made from mahogany. Does this technique work well on mahogany? What color of Danish Oil did you use here? I can get Watco Danish Oil where I am and it comes in many colors.
This was extremely helpful! I was wondering whether the "600" grit is U.S. 600 or P600 (European standard)?
Do you need breathing protection for this?
I'm going to oil some exposed beams which are being plastered around. Do I need to do anything other than sand the pine beams to remove the inevitable plaster mark/splashes etc or should I use white spirits/turps? Can you recommend the best preparation so I get a nice even finish on the oil...?
Does Danish Oil have a similar risk of spontaneous combustion, like linseed oil?
Would it be necessary to use sanding sealer if the wood is stained in tobacco sunburst first using spirit based stain?
Can it be used directly on oil finished wood without any sanding?
Hi Fabian, I wonder how many minutes you mean as a few. I don't have succes trying it. Thanks for sharing and congratulations for your great work. Abel
4 coats and sanding!? Christ, I’ve got 40 x 1m batons to do 😞
Hi Fabian, I want to use danish oil on a bed/desk project. I am using baltic birch plywood. I want the edges exposed. After bevelling and sanding, is Danish oil ok for plywood edges? Thank you
How durable is this finish? I was thinking of using for a bed set and side tables. Looking for an alternative to polyurethane which is so difficult to get a good result with.
Great video, is it normal kitchen paper you are using such as Plenty?
What kind of wood did you apply it to?
What kind of wood are you working with?  Maybe I missed this?
Thanks for getting back to me. Ive heard about a product called Osmo Polyx oil wine and water resistant have you tried it.
Will it work on plywood?
What's the best way to clean a piece of wood like this? Lemon oil? Plain  water? Furniture polish?
Anyone help? I did a peice of furniture which was pine and it turned out great. I started another peice of furniture which is also pine but I seem to have messed up because the oil doesnt sit on the surface like this and it is causing really dark patches, im using 120 grit sandpaper. Jacobean dark oak finish
Thanks for the explanation. I wanted to ask if this process is complete or needs other finishing procedures? Thank you Enrico from Italy.
I am applying Danish oil to new flooring and ran out halfway on my third coat. I can already tell the color is a bit darker in some spots now. Can I simply apply another coat when I get more or do I need to wait some length of time to fix this?
Does danish oil contain real Danes in it? lol, nice video.
Does it have its odor? Or it's odorless? Because I'm planning to have my wood finished. And I'm thinking of a coat that doesn't have any smell. Or eco friendly
For floors, is it ok to be on the surface while doing these steps?
What temperature does it need to dry? It’s winter here and the garage is around 5 Degree  Celsius. How long does the odor stay on? I’m want to use this for my child’s room. Thank you!
Nice vid, possiible First for saturation With lein oil and for the hardness danish oil? Sry My Englisch im german
I've used this method and loved the results! Now, what about removing Danish Oil? What's the most efective way?
Sorry, one more thing.. I fount watco instructions, and it said that for pine wood, they recommend to do a pre coat with Danish oil natural, and then I guess you can use the one with color. Is that your experience? Thanks much.
A question please, do you need to put a polyurethane on top of the danish oil as a top coat? I also heard good idea would be to put a beeswax after? Please advise.  Thanks!
What is the difference between Danish oil and True oil?
Thanks for the video. Can Danish oil be applied in cold temperatures? Like 40 degrees F?
I've seen various people advising to do "wet coats" with Danish Oil. In other words, apply additional coats every 20 - 30 minutes after the first one. Is there an advantage to waiting  4  - 8 hours to let it dry before applying each new coat?
Hola....what color do you use??my english no good
Hi there, is danish oil sufficient for kitchen drawer fronts please?  Also when you applied with sandpaper, I noticed you rubbing in circular motion i.e. not with the grain?
Do we varnish after the Danish Oil or is the Danish Oil a finisher?   Thanks
I was advised to use Danish oil on my new woodworking bench, but only to put on about 3 or 4 coats. Is this good advice please?
I’m trying to figure out how to proceed on a project. I have ceiling beams that i sanded to remove an old dark stain ( from 1940) We think the long beams are pine. I’m trying to figure out how to get a nice natural look from these beams. I have a few questions I’m hoping you would be willing to answer. If I only use an oil will it give them some color without having to use a stain? If I do need to stain do I still use wood conditioners? And would you recommend the Danish oil, it seems to be the simplest to use.  I would attach a picture of my ceiling but that seems to be beyond my ability  to figure out. I appreciate any help on this. I’m clueless and if it isn’t a computer my husband isn’t much better ; )
Doing oak venner doors will this be durable for the doors including a kitchen door.
I am working on a project with Knotty Alder, will Danish oil work? I really like the finish you achieved and would like to do the same with the Knotty Alder. Thanks!
Hi Fabian, +1 for your video. Thank you! Would you recommend finishing a teak-wood dining table with Danish oil? Is it good protection against occasional olive-oil/wine drops etc.? Thanks again!
Might be a weird question but what type of wood are you using in the video? Also is there a brand of Danish oil you would recommend? Thanks.
Hi, Does it need some finish on top of the Denish oil? Say I want it to be water proof. Thanks for the great video.
Id like to try this. I've never worked with wood before. What grits of sandpaper should i use for oak? How may coats? Thanks
Hi there. I am currently restoring a dining table made from reclaimed wood. I think I’d like to finish with danish oil but the wood is old and looking quite dry. Would you recommend I feed the wood with a linseed oil or something similar before I finish with the danish oil or will the danish oil be enough? I don’t want a glossy surface I just want the grain to pop and the wood to look “healthy” if that makes sense. Ha ha. Thanks! Loving your channel and learning a bout woodworking
Is the waiting time also 4 to 8 hours after the last coat? Or do i have to wait, for example, like a day until I can start using the wood.
Thanks Fabian. Do you think Danish oil is a good finish for a coffee table? Or do I need something more durable?
does danish oil let the wood breathe?
How do u remove the smell
I'm finishing a wedding reception piece that will act as a guest book with sharpie signatures....will the Danish oil hold on to them and they won't wipe off?
Do you have any experience with the Danish soap finish?
Thanks for the video. Does danish oil need to be top coated with a polyurethane or other top coat?
Did the Danes invent Danish Oil?
Hi, I tried applying danish oil on my worktop and after the third coat, the surface feels sticky to touch, any suggested solution and why it feels sticky?
Can you use wire wool instead of the sandpaper?
Thank you Fabian...what type of wood are you doing this demonstration on?
have you ever tried a danish soap finish? I can only find one video on this..
Great video Fabian.  Can I ask it's necessary to apply a protective varnish or polyurethane coat on top of the Danish oil? I'm doing a dining table so expect a lot of wear a tear. Is a Danish Oil Finish enough, or just a varnish coat, or Danish oil on top of varnish?   Thanks.
Thanks for the video Fabian . I am new to woodworking. My question is can you apply danish oil over oil based stain?
Thanks again for the video...I have a question if you don't mind; I first applied some BLO to my workpiece, about three coats and it was a little tacky even though I wiped all excess off after each of the three coats.  Today I rubbed the project down with mineral spirits and 0000 steel wool.  I let that dry good after wiping off excess and then applied Danish Oil.  Hoping this will cure better.  The project is a "Red Oak" decorative box.  Any suggestions?  Thank you!
Can I use 0000 steel wool with the oil, in place of the 600 grit paper?
What color watco danish oil did you use? And may I ask what type of wood you used it on?
i am doing this on a 8 ft board yeah I have A LOT of oil work to do but these tips are looking great just finished the sandpaper piece... it really made the grain pop.... I used FUR wood.... any tips for doing the edges and end pieces?
Hi Fabian, nice video.  I'm thinking about to apply Danish Oil finish on a panel of about 200 cm x 80 cm.  I've seen there are cans of 250 ml, 500 ml, ...  How much quantity do you think will i need for this task ?
Thanks Fabian, great vid! One question. With Danish Oil, do you recommend moving up in grit and wet sanding passed 600 with more applications? Or would that just be a waste of time?
What species of wood was that?
Did you say 4-8 hours or 48 hours between 1st and 2nd coat? thanks
Great video Fabian I always wonder what's the best way to apply Danish oil.thanx 4 sharing
