Why not use tomato skins to make paste or powder? 🤔
Is Samantha still help can or is she canning her own stuff now
Sarah,  why can’t the skin be left on?  I like it!
What do you use on tomatoes to avoid disease?! I had whole branches dry up with something!
No I have a question for you when I can tomato juice for 1 quart are use 1 tablespoon of lemon juice and 1 teaspoon of canning salt no you didn’t mention that did you? I mean you didn’t mention anything about canning salt I could be wrong
What is the name of the tomatoes that you dice and can?
Have you guys canned any cabbage?
I just canned some tomatoes and left too much headspace in 2 jars about 1 in to 1 1/2 in from top of jar, is this going to be a problem, they all pinged sealed. Thanks love your videos
Could you use a food processor?
Does the lemon juice change the flavor of the tomatoes?
How  much water on top when canning tomatoes? Where do u store them
Do you still have problems with pests inside the greenhouse?
Can you tell me if I can can with an electric stove? It has really kept me from trying to can anything for the first time.
With water bathing tomatoes, how long is the shelf life please? I know this is 2yrs old but, im just new at all of this. Much appreciated, ty
Can we just freeze these in freezer bag instead of processing?
can you explain why you didn't add any salt... is it because you used the lemon juice? thanks
I was surprised to see you didn't add salt. Is that because you will add it later when using the canned fruit? Can't think of a better feeling that seeing a shelf full of food that we preserved ourselves from our own garden - nothing like it.
What kind of tomatoes are those on your table ??that's the kind I love to can so pretty no splits  or holes that's the kind I want to buy about 6 plants of them and 2sweet tiny toes too
Is that your husband's breathing I can hear on the video?...lol
What tomatoes have you found to be best for canning?
Ive been watching your channel for a while now and this is my first time commenting😊 I love you guys so much and I could watch your videos all day, & sometimes I do😂 anyway I have a question about canning/jarring, do you keep buying new jars once you use one you've made? Or is there a sterilizing process you do and re-use the jars? Im really getting into this homesteading/self sufficient stuff❤ thanks for all you teach us🙌🙏 sending you guys lots of love💓✨
Sarah, do you add any salt in each jar?  I make a lot of soup during the winter. It is amazing how much better soup tastes with home grown tomatoes and lemon juice.
Have you ever thought about tattler lids? They're reusable which could save you money.
Do you heat up rings too?
I have a question, how do you know that it is ready.  How tight do you put the lids.  I tried one tiime to can and some of the jars of food went bad.  Just don't know about what you do after the cans come out do you tighten the lids then or before.
Why do you have to take the skins off the tomato?
Hi. New subbie. Binging through your vids and thought of something, so apologies if you've discussed this in a more recent video. You mentioned how you guys eat a lot of salsa. Do you ever cook up a bunch of salsa and can that, or do you just can the raw tomatoes? It seems like it would save some steps to just make and can salsa for the year :) Love your guys' videos :))
What about adding lemon juice?
Great video!  One question, Why do your tomatoes appear to have no seeds?   I was canning mine while playing this video, and I had seeds and juice flying everywhere.
I don't understand why skins need to be removed, why is this step necessary, is it aesthetics or actually necessary? Thank you
Hi there love the children d  wanting to learn how to can. Question? The water that seperates from the tomatoes does it mix back after it cools?
