What size is the apple pie mould/ dish?
How many people could you serve with your apple pie? Valerie 😊
Hi John. Could freeze the apple after you add the spices, for a later date? Valerie
I’ve a question. I do not have a food processor but do have a held hand mixer; can I use to make the pastry?
What is the size of the pie dish? Thanks
Hi John great channel,  do you do any recipes for airfryer as well ?I´d love to make a chicken pie crust pie using an airfryer is it posssible , cheers Paul from Austria
Great recipe. Bottom of my pie has gone soggy but I wonder if I didn’t drain the apples enough or thicken then mixture enough. Still very tasty though and next time mine will be better 😊
Thankyou for taking the time to share this recipe. I am going to have a go myself with no baking experience. For the pastry can you substitute the granulated sugar for the same brown sugar you are using? And also for the topping? Thankyou
John, this looks incredible. I can’t wait to try it. My Nan made the best apple pie when I was a child, I only wish I had been old enough to think to ask for the recipe before she passed away. I will definitely be trying this tomorrow. Thank you. 🙏🏻  If I wanted to try making Jam tarts (you know the little individual jam/lemon curd ones), would this be a good pastry for that? I guess they’d need less baking time. Would I need to blind bake those? I can’t get them here and I miss them dearly. Another taste from my childhood. Finally (sorry for the inundation in questions) I’ll make the pastry by hand. Do I add the sugar before rubbing in the butter or after? Many, many thanks for everything. ❤
what is the size of the baking tray?
hi John, nothing to do with cooking, but there's a narrow boat documentary on ch.4 and the narrator sounds exactly like you. Is it you using a different name?
One little general question from a fan of your videos.   What is the actual advantage of doing it with cold butter and a mixer compared to room temperature butter, very gently with the fingers (not with a mixer), without forming gluten of course?  Thank you John for your fantastic videos.
Could you use cooking apples instead of Braeburn apples?
Hi sir, for the cornstarch mixture can I heat it on stovetop instead of using the microwave?
Hi John apple filling was lovely but pastry wasn't a biscuit type more chewy than shortthink 40mls of water might be to much xx
Looks lovely, I love apple tarts. What is the difference between a pie and a tart. Pastry?
Hi John, can you use ready made short crust pastry instead  Many thanks  Paul
Winnie the Pooh?
do braeburn cook softer than granny smiths or bramley john ?? i,ve only used those last two types 😉  great video again .
I love pies and making pies. And EVERY bottom crust is always soggy. I've tried every trick and hint I can find on the web.   Any advice for that problem?
Thanks for the video John. If I wanted to freeze this recipe at what stage would you suggest I do it?  My rolling pin with the spacers on is brilliant used it today to make your mince beef and onion pie.
Hi John, if I want to do a peach pie instead of apple, how should I prep the peach? Anything I need to do differently than apples?
Do you have any recipes that call for honey, lots and lots of delicious honey? We all love hearing your voice. Cooking with poo bear 🤗
Not sure of weight of 2 sticks of butter. Only know ounces and kilos. Longing to try your recipe.
Hi John love the video recipes, you are easy to follow clear and concise. I have a question who makes the Gordon Ramsey food processor as I have one just purchased without dough blade (second hand) just wondering if you know of one that may fit.kind regards susan.
Is there anything John can't make? What a guy. Hooked on this channel. 🙌🏻
Hi John, your recipes are first class, i have made your steak & kidney pie  and it was very very nice, just one thing i would like to know,  what make is your prossesor.
Pls give a recipe of pie crust in oil
Won't this have an uncooked bottom because it wasn't blind baked?
Hi John could I use this pastry to make fruit mince pies or is it a different recipe I need, iv never made mice pies and I'd love to give it a go
Hi John. Can the sauce be thickened on the hob rather than in a microwave? Thank you for the recipe. 👍🏻
Do you ever add a pear to “smooth” out the apples.
Winnie the Pooh? Is that you 😱
John, I've made several of your recipes, THANK YOU! However, i seem to be having issues with fruit pies coming out runny. What am i doing wrong? I followed your recipe and video exactly (using gala apples) and once again, the insides are quite soupy.
Hi  John, if I want to use a 11" pie dish, how would I adjust the recipe? Thanks
Hi John!  Where can I find the apple pie follow up video for the homemade custard please? Thank you John
Hi John, I only use whole wheat flour in all my baking, can I substitute whole wheat flour one to one for all purpose flour? Thanks.
Thanks for this recipe John. Can you say how much sugar to add for a sweet shortcrust pastry please for a batch made with 340g of flour? Thank you for the videos, they are really inspiring. X
Hi John ❣️ I've just put the apple pie to cook in the oven. As I'm cleaning up, I'd like to know what to do with the leftover pastry? Wouldn't want to let it go to waste 😉
Hi there John, can I ask where you purchased your pie tin from please? Thanks
Hi John,  your videos are brilliant, such a help, thank you. Can I ask which food processor you use. They are expensive but due to recent poor hand function, I need to buy one, so I can keep making your lovely recipes.  Karen.
Hello John, Love baking your goodies, wonderful. could you please tell me the brand name of the cling film cutter. Thank you  Kind regards Phil.
Approximately how thick do you roll out the pastry?
Hi John. Love your videos... especially your bread recipes. I've never had one fail, so thanks for that!  In your pastry recipe can I substitute lard for the butter?  Is there anything else I need to consider if I swap it out?  Thanks
Learning again allowing the juice to escape the apples keeps them from shrinking while cooking.   Here in the grocery store they sell round flat pieces of caramel in which to make Taffy Apples I wonder if I took the flat sheets of taffy & put it on top of the apples before the dough if it would come out okay.  That custard makes the pie over the top
looks very nice, but could it be so sweet??
Hi John. Can you let me know the exactly the brand food processor your using in this video please?. Would like to order one.
It looks wonderful! Do you ever have a problem with a soggy bottom? ☺️
John,  What material is your black pie dish made of?  You got me fired up to do some baking.
what temperature do you set the oven at ? Thanks so much
John will the juice flow out of the fork holes in the bottom? Your techniques are so helpful. This will be my next John Kirkwood recipe I’m going to try. You haven’t let me down yet!
This pie has no calories... right?  Haha.  Gorgeous pie John.  The custard looks delicious.  Ice cream is a perfect substitute as well.
simple simple love love..john have you by any chance a bread and butter pudding recipe you can share ..these old school  recipes really do take me back to times past every mouthfull....you dont get that effect with any mcdee or kfc ppl binge on nowadays!!!
Hi John .. I am from Iraq .. Is it possible to prepare the apple sauce on fire because i do not have a microwave .. Thank you
Dear John, thank you so much for another great recipe! Is the pie as good the next day as on the day it's made? I want to prepare it beforehand and treat our guests on Saturday, but not sure how it will survive. Thanks!
Uh, where's the Ala moded John? (Vanillia Ice cream) 😉
Lovely apple pie.  Is this the traditional British apple pie?
I like apples that are tart and are not hard. We used to have tree like a gravestein apple. Its hard to find those anymore.What other apple would you suggest. I don't like granny smith.
