why salami ekin tho? btw get one it's cheap
What is this thing called, I just bought one and idk how to use it
would you explane this sound with mouth diagram. so it will  helpful.
How long can it take someone to fully knows how use whacky whistle?
Brother how to place it in mouth?
Is that a Butter paper. ??? 🙄🤔
Who did create this Incredible thing!? Wow!
Hi, Can you make horse sound?
I kept seeing this thumbnail in my playlist and was like, why the fuck is salami involved?
how loud is this? I need to make one for my choir song called "The Circle Of Life" (The Lion King).
Ok Man Do I really have to go buy a salami and do all that first step. I'm sure there can be an alternative. I don't have Salamis just laying  around other than my husband's...
Who else Is a furry and was thinking of Telephone lol
Could you use wax paper in place of the salami skin
Instructions unclear; accidentally ate a bird and then drank birdbath water and bathed in it.
So what are these types of whistles called? I see them often enough to assume that they're called something?
Do you really have to use salami
*what can we use instead of salami skin?*
The other tutorial didn't work so I am going to try this  is anyone else using this for their fursuit angel dragons anyone ??
what do you need salami for? couldn't you just use  light grade parchment or even a latex glove? & the ridges & washer steps...100% unneeded (+ Metal in your mouth like that...not the best feeling,sooo...I'd avoid that...)
Who come here from ino89777's telephone bird squeaks sound?
Any substitutes for the salami skin?
who else thought it was made of metal be honest
who else got here because of the bird lady from America got talent video?
Am I the only one that thinks it weird that he keeps showing his mouth and not his face?😑
what if you swollow it XD I mean awesome idea
clean it with oven cleaner!? sure that's not toxic in the least.
how to make a bird whistle with sheep intestine
the question isn't how did i get here, but, when I did, Why did I stay and watch the whole thing?
What if you swallow it and every time you spoke I made a bird noise *Id like a tee coffteetee
instructions unclear: got dick stuck to a ceiling fan
Instructions unclear, swallowed a whole bird
Did this crazy guy put oven grease remover on his hands!???
is it a Old covk?
Can you use anything else than the skin???
how can i replace the salami skin?
Would this work with pepperoni?
recommend?? wtf
why is this in my recomended?
2:41 how the hell did this guy figure this out
i am really irritated... why are you using the hole salami skin? And why do you need a paper cup? You can easily use normal paper...
I swallow these back in the day and today I still wonder if I ever did shit it out or not.
is this a meme??????
you used oven cleaning & then put it in your mouth??? lol
wtf is this weird ,hahaha
Why you guys think this is useless?  Honestly, as a girl, I think it is pretty cool, and it would definitely make a girl laugh.  : )
can i use my OWN SALAMI????
also, not sure what id do if i saw someone whistling like this at the park..... most likely snapchat it.
Hey Sam, nice trick. Did Frodo teach you?
Be sure to use non toxic glue on the stuff you cleaned with oven cleaner?
0:43 you use a cutter??? i usually use a chainsaw :P
What about if you're vegetarian?
How the actual fuck did I get here.
is there a vegan way to do it?
why is this in my recommended?
But how do you use it?
Is it a requirement that the blow dryer is from before the 60's?
whats the name of the song playing though most of the video? cus its not either listed
why the fuck is this on my recommended list?!
How the fuck?
is this a joke
uuuuummmmm....... Oven cleaner? People have picked up on the rusty washer and talking about the delicious salami..... but what about the oven cleaner?!?!?!? Sure! I'll clean the salami skin with with nasty oven cleaner chemicals before putting it in my mouth.....
Why would I need to stand around making weird bird noises... in fact, why am I sitting here watching you give us close ups of your wet tongue???
what happens if you swallow it?
salami skin? can use other plastic?
Wtf did I just watch.
how the fuck did you first discover this?
why use salami skin? why not just plastic
He didn't show eating the salami, I need a step by step for that.
What could you use other than salami?
And Where are the Birds? I thought they would rush towards him when they would hear that noise. Oh well, at least the sound is quite convincing.
When are you going to continue Malkovich's Guilty Gaming Pleasures?
why is this in my recommended?
instruction unclear. i got my dick stuck with untoxic glue in the oven
Why is he asking us to support China?
How the hell did you get you're teeth so yellow 😖
why is the lake at the end of the video poo brown
salami skin...wait what?..left with naked salami you can eat real fast...ha
How tf did I end up on this video
how the fuck I get here?
How the fuck did someone figure this out in the first place...
oven cleaner/glue/mouth?
My cockatiel is very confused right now.
where is frodo?
what do you think the birds are hearing
salami? this look more like "Cacciatore"
What if I dont have a salami? Human skin can work as well?
wtf am i watching lol
Does the paper cup get damp and stop working? How quickly does that happen? I really need to know.
How do you use it?
Would wax paper work?
Does it work when you have a gap in your teeth?
Is this the guy from man vs. food?
this is probably a really stupid question but does this thing really work
Hey uhh is it okay if i swallow it heh just asking please tell me...
can you use something other than salami skin?
is that samwise?
What the weed that does in my recommended videos?
can't you just use wax paper?  rather than salami skin...
is there a substitute for the salami skin?
Has any one done Lord of the rings joke yet?
isnt that just some wax paper he got off the thing of meat?
I can tell you put alot of effort into making your videos in english. Where in italy are you from?
can i use for that a hot glue pistol too?
can I use thin plastic instead of paper?
Is there a go d alternative to the salami skin?
WHY THE SALAMI SKIN ??????!!!!!!!!!
Did he just clean that with oven cleaner and then stick it in his mouth?
Anything else I can use instead of salami skin? Just plastic?
How long do these whistles last for ?
where can i find these cups?
Telephone anyone?
Ok I ordered 2 from eBay, how do I use them? What do I do to make the sound?
why not sellotape?
Do you have a vegetarian version?
Where is your accent from? By the way I can honestly say you make the most creative/ useful DIYs. You definitely earned my sub.
so how does that rusty washer taste?
can you use another thing than salami skin i been looking for it and i cant find it but i have everything else tho pls reply pls
can i use anything else as a substitute for the salami wrapping? like packaging tape?
I thought WTF do i beed a salami for???
can i replace the salami wrap eith something else?
batteries? can't you just salvage them from old laptop batteries?
But how do you use it?
Could i use plastic wrap? Outer what other alternatives are there?
Love this project but what's a substitute of the salami skin?
Can you use anything else other than Salami skin?
What coin is that?
alternatives to salami skin? something I'm likely to have at home please.
show us how to make condom from salami
could you make a Xbox 1 out of plastic bottles, dog teeth and some peanut butter next?
How old is the hair dryer
Why do I get mixed up with him and American hacker
why u not become refree football ? nice video...
are this work to with baking paper? i try it
Do you use really salami skin for the ones you sell on ebay, or some other material?
can you make it using Wax paper in place of Salami?
do you send the product to London?
Could you just replace the salami with something like a section of a balloon?
can you explain how this device function?
What could you use instead of the salami skin?
How did you discover this anyway?
yeah but how do you use it?
and how does it work?
Can you do something motorised on land like motorcycle or gokart that would be interesting :)
Could you just use wax paper?
did you try to replace salami skin with a balloon ?
