Do the hot dogs have to be cooked before skewering them and placing the batter on top to fry?
Where are the measurements for this recipe?
Why no recipe...this is why we watch your channel and are subscribed...what gives..
I can't find your recipe for this!
Hi Laura do you need to boil the sausages first before coating and frying it?
Laura can you do an episode on sausage, egg and cheese biscuits? Or bacon, egg and cheese, whatever you like more?
Could you please step away from the table more and turn around a little more so we can see some of the hidden?  Reach for more stuff behind you, or something like that. Thanks!
Is corn meal compulsary
What type of oil did you use?
Looks great! How do I make the batter thicker? I like a lot of thick batter on my corn dog.
How would I freeze these to reheat
I can't find the written recipe
If you have cornbread mix, is it possible to just use that?
i can do this with not milk?
what can i use instead of buttermilk?they dont sell it where i live
can you make the sausage and pancake on a stick? I was curious if you cook sausage ahead before battering or not?
Loved it! But in my country we don't have buttercream, so can I make this recipe just with milk???
Am I the only one that double dips my corndogs? I put them I batter, fry them and dip them again and fry them again so they will be thick and delicious! :)
Hey question, I wanted to use bacon covered hot dogs, should I cook them a little before putting the batter on and frying them? Or is that something I won't have to worry about?
Ooh u know  how to  make  candy?
Is there any substitute for cornmeal? I know it's probably an  important ingredient considering it's corndogs, but I live in norway and it might be difficult to find.
how far along is she? cant even tell on her belly its so flat :D
show us how to make funnel cake plz
o m gosh Laura where are you leading your flock
Can you freeze them?
what can i use to substitute buttermilk if i got nothing with that name in my country?
do the hot dogs need to be fully cooked before staring this recipe?
I tried this and cornbread kept coming of of the dogs what was I doing wrong
Are you still using the kitchen in your old house?
can you show an option for baking them too instead of frying?
Am I the only one who has never tried corn dogs?
Bread pudding recipe? 😘
wait how is a video in making corndogs trending? dont get me wrong i love corndogs and since i cant find a single place in ecuador that sells them im glad to have a recipe but still......
Is she from Boston ?
Laura if possible for ur next video could you make an Indian recipe. Thank you
how much of the dry ingredients of each do you put in?
is there any way of making them with pancake mix and not so many ingredients? I want to make them but all I have is pancake mix and salt will that work?
are you Russian
Corn dogs are just corn bread covered hot dogs?? Mind blown.
how do u know if the hot dog is evenly cooked on the inside tho?
Why don't you pre-boil the hotdog to ensure its cooked before deep frying. I just don't feel like 3 minutes is enough to cook the dog.
which meat type are the sausages ?
do you cook the hotdogs before you put the batter in?
Do I have to use dog meat? Can I just use chicken or beef?
can you substitute the milk for water or something else??
"who's really counting?" ? Umm i was hoping you were as I need to know is it 3 or 4 minutes... dammit
They look good. Can you make corn dogs using instant corn bread mix? The mix that comes in the small boxes.
What can I substitute the milks with if I can't have dairy ? Can I do almond milk or soy?
is the buttermilk really necessary?
What are you going to do with this much oil afterwards? How long can I keep it? I would never finish using this amount of oil just cooking dishes the usual way in one year. Somebody help please!
LAURA ARE U MARRIED???
when frying like u did, do i just put a lot of oil into a pot and wait till its hot? or is it a special oil?
Where did u get the sticks?
wtf why is your watch on your right hand!?
I wonder if you could cook these in an air fryer?
Question: would this work with a bigger, "artisan"-type of sausage (as opposed to a hot dog)? I'm thinking Italian sausage, Kielbasa, bratwürst, etc..  Thanks!
I wonder when we are going to get videos based on what her pregnancy craving is that day i can't wait
what's the difference between a corn dog and a hot dog.
I am a deep frying failure.  Does anybody know what to set the temperature at to get the oil hot enough to fry, but not too hot?  Medium?  Medium High?
Can these be baked in the oven instead of deep-fried?
Can you make the breakfast version of these, 'pancake on a stick'? Pretty please :D
Laura,can you please make a kinder pingui cake and a lemon cake?  :D :)
What if I don't have baking soda nor buttermilk- all I usually carry is 2%milk:) can I still do this? I have a bag of aunt Jemima corn meal- is this what I'd use?
Laura can the batter be kept in the refrigerator? If so...how long?
What kind of sauces go w. corn dogs. I usually eat them by themselves
Hi Laura! do You think it is possibile to switch to rice flour to have a gluten free version of corn dogs?
When frying the corn dogs do you have to soak or do anything to the skewers?
What kind of hot dogs do you buy Laura?
what if i don't have buttermilk? can i exchange it with anything? and can i use corn flour instead of corn meal?
where does that all oil go afterwards?
Can I use sausages (such as chorizo) instead?
could yoy please make a pancake sausage version??
Laura can I just use corn bread batter? Please respond
I wonder if recipes will be based off of Laura's cravings now.
