Are plum and Roma tomatoes the same?
Nice video Flo but what's the reason you removed the seeds from the tomatoes? I'm just curious
Can u cook stew with only tomato pastry?
Is there a way to make tomato coconut stew ?
Nice one Chinyere, I tried it but my tomato still taste sour, I don't know if it's because of the type of tomatoes I used. Am based in the UK and their tomatoes is not too good. What more can I do to get rid of the sour taste pls?
If I make half of your recipe, should I keep the same cooking times?
You don’t need salt in this stew? Or when you make it with beef or chicken you can add salt
Is it ok to blend the onions with the tomatoes?
Very good recipe and time saving. Thank you. I love paprika in my jolly rice or stew, with this method, please when do you add paprika/bell pepper/sweet potted pepper ? Thank you
Please what happened to the tin tomato?
Can't I use  a very small pinned strainer?
Can I add red palm oil  instead of veg oil?
do the seeds have to be removed?
Nice to know, would it be better to brown the oniens befor, to add taste? Please lok at my new chanal abut a life wit a lot of paine, thanks
Hello I'm a little confused, just trying to get it right if I take it out if the freezer, it thaw out boil the meat and then I heard you said add the tomato stew??
What is the name of the oil please
Did any one notice she didn't add salt and co
Hi Flo, Why do you have to remove the tomato seeds? I m sorry I didn’t get that.
If the tomatoes seeds are left will it spoil the stew.
Hi Flo!! How do you store the tomato stew? Do I have to freeze it or can I store it in mason jars in the fridge?
Please how many mins did you boil it for before adding the paste ? Great Advice
Why remove the seed from the tomatoes??
Do you add red pepper with the tomatoe puree?
Can you please tell us what kind of pot u use or a link of where a person can buy a similar pot u use?
Can I just add red food colouring instead of using tomato paste?
Can I use canned plum tomatoes? Thanks in advance
why remove the tomatoes seed?
Pls ma what is the difference between groundnut oil and d vegetable/sunflower one. Is it ok to use groundnut oil like we would in Naija?
how do I get rid of the soar teast
Can you use plumTin tomatoes or chopped Tin tomatoes.
Do you add oil to the tomato puree?
The recipe looks delicious. How many ounces are the cans of tomato paste?
My Nigerian dad makes the stew and it's awesome. I now live in Louisiana and the small town that I live in does not have pounded yam. Any suggestions on what I can use or how I can get some please?
i still wonder why after frying, my stew still taste a bit bitter
what is tha purpose of removing the tomatoe seeds?
Can you put the oil on top of the tomato paste instead?
how much soup does this recipe make? in milliliters please
In England the fresh tomatoes are not always ripe. can you use tin plum tomatoes? if so how much would you use for this recipe. many thanks
Can I also use any other dried fish, cs here I find only the locale kind who has a really salty taste, insteat of stockfish is that the same ? Thank U.  I love your cooking video's and the recepies I tried to make are very tastefull one by one. May U  have a nice cooking day dear. Thank U for sharing all this tastefull recipies.
hi!i have a question please,i will like to know why u remove the tomatoes seeds?if not what can happen?,how will be the result?thanks a lot 😊
My question is when do I add my seasonings and spices to the stew? Thanks
Hi. Could you please confirm the quantity for tomato stew. 3.2 kg tomatoes and 400g tomato paste or 1.5 kg tomato and 600g paste
HiCould yo please tell me if I should use 3.2 kg tomatoes and 400g tomato paste as stated in the video or 1.5 kg tomato and 600g tomato paste as stated in the recipe book I have just purchased ? zunaidravat@hotmail.com
if the seeds aren't blended, would it be noticeable after frying? I don't understand the importance of the seeds not being blended.
Hi Flo, why is it important to use fresh tomatoes? Surely I can use tinned plum tomatoes?
how long does it take for the stew to fry completely?
Thank you so much for your videos, really helped me. Please how do I get rid of the sour taste in stew? I fry and fry but still sour?
hi..pls whats the essence of removing the seeds.puree substance from the inside;;is it to reduce excess water from the tomatoe..pls explain..
Did you try food-processor for blending?, Magimix or cusinart are very good.
Thanks so much Flo, I never knew I could freeze the OIL and I looooove the idea of freezing the prepared stew but will it taste the same after defrosting? Like will it still have a fresh taste and wont that oil have a bit of water content after defrosting?  Also, I FINALLY told my husband how I learned to make his favorite dishes (I had to, he thought I was cheating on him because he knows when we in Nigeria I dnt have stomach for meat prepararions so no one was showing me there and he said that the food was too good for me not to learn from another Nigerian, hahaha) I showed him the site and he was amazed at how long I never told him and kept him guessing,all he could do was laugh at himself and say WOOOW.  Thanks again Flo, we love you mama :-) I think Im gonna do this today and make your beef stew, yummyyyyyy!!!
Hi! How long does a frying part usually take?
have you ever tried using canned whole peeled tomatoes because here in the Philippines the tomato that we have are very watery id love to try some recipes especially the jollof rice but i am not sure if it would taste the same if i use our local tomatoes.
why do you remove the seeds from the tomato?
Thanks for sharing. I live in the UK as well. Where do you get your Canary tomatoes from please? Thanks
Very nice. I was taught a different way to blend red onions, tomatoes and scotch bonnet peppers together. Heat up the oil till its hot then add the ingredients cook it for a while then add tomatoe puree and stock. Was I taught the wrong way? It tastes good still.  Jamaican and hubby is Nigeria.
My stew always burns no matter how much oil I put...what should I do to prevent that?
I love all your videos, but is there no way someone can cook tomato stew without frying it? Frying of food is not healthy,it raises your cholesterol which is not good for the heart. Also continuous use of the oil isn't healthy too.
