what if there is no stud behind the wall as in a condo, can i just use togglebolts?
bracket on the wall is that standard? I will be replacing a broken above mic with same manufacturer
what if we dont have a cabinet to attach it to? just the wall?
Hello I want to put my small microwave above the stove on a plain wall there is no cabinet,how high from the stove should I install the shelf for it?
how about the hole for the vent ?
Hi Leah, question for you? For the electric on this unit. Did you tie into an existing outlet or did you add a new 20amp breaker for the microwave?
What size is this microwave? Great video by the way!
I would like to see diy build custom cabinets ? 😀
Where can I get your measuring tape? It looks so convenient and easy to read. I always have trouble with the small tick marks.
Thanks again Leah for an amazing how-to video!  I have a question.  How is this vented to the outside?  My kitchen has never had an above the stove vent hood/light and I would like to get one of these microwaves that are all-in-one.  The problem is that I will have to cut venting through my wall to the outside,but the outside is brick cased.   Do you know how I would do that?
When replaced my vent hood, there was just a wire that stuck out of the wall.  If i were to put one of these in can you hook the wire directly to the microwave?
How about the Venting?  Would love to see Both option and how it's switched btwn the two!      = )    thanks!   Would be nice addition, but my house isn't built for it without Manger Re-configuration. [my view anyway]
Leah, can you please elaborate on venting to the outside?  Transitioning from those two rectangular vents in the microwave to a duct in the cabinet above ( I assume?)  and cutting thru the upper cabinet floor for that.   Type and size of vent, anything else?  Ty!
Would you suggest knowing which microwave you are going to install when you are picking out cabinets? Or Is there a universality to it?
Wouldn't you want to vent to the outside if you're cooking on the range?
Great Video, I know some people like the microwave over the range, but not me -- I still learned how it's done because you never know when it will come in handy -- as always you have great tips and clear instructions, I liked how the camera followed you as you pointed out key things, that's a good technique. My question is this: In general I don't like using toggle bolts if I don't have to... I know they're good for holding a lot of weight, but they really require big holes and a tougher job for patching the wall later on if you decide to take the down whatever it is -- but in particular case would a wall anchor inserts be adequate instead of the toggle bolt because you have the other two anchored in studs.   Sometimes I worry -- and don't know what is proper (necessary) anchoring and what is over-engineering -- I know they put the weight limits on the product, but hey, that could be a subject for another video!  Happy New Year -- looking forward to more great vids :-)  Cheers!
