How did it look when it dried? It always looks good when it’s still wet
Really works but what if you don't have a shop vac like me
Is there a preferred shop vac or will any do? I'm just trying to get a feel of how much I should spend on one.
Hi came across your channel, question how long do you leave the dawn and warm water soaking on the car seat 💺
What if I don’t have a shock vac
Can we use regular carpet vaccum cleaner?
I own a KIA Sportage that my husband uses for work, I will have to try this I hope it works like a charm, any suggestions on how to deep clean the dash and center console? Thanks for the video, I will update comment when I try this
Can you mix laundry detergent instead of dish soap?
Instructions unclear the shop vac I don’t own got stuck up my ass
Hey Chris, great vid.  do you have a trick for cleaning foggy headlights?  Searched your page but didn't see anything
I have a regular vacuum does that works?
What if you don’t have a vacuum
@Chris Notap Got the Easiest way,may I know if it's ok for you to review our foam cannon S V3.0?Thanks in advance!😊
I guess you can do it at a car wash place if you don't have a shop vac?
does cold water get the job done in a similar way?
Great video sir. After you spray the seat, do u wait a while before vacumming for the soap to do its job. Or is it good to do right away so it doesnt dry?, hence nothing to vaccum...
is that a regular vaccum?
I thought you said it wouldn't cost me a cent?  We're using water, soap, and electricity.  Those things aren't free.
They look good now but what if you don't have a shop vac...what do you do then ?
Hi! Will using the shop vac get rid of the outline when it dries? I’ve been so frustrated while cleaning the car seats because when it dries, an outline of the cleaner liquid appears.
Nice video! Now I’m wondering, say there was a little squabble and now there’s blood all over the back seat. How would you clean that? Asking for a friend…
Thanks for the review! I'll try this on my car seats which have some kinds of dirt, but can you please write here what is the blue liquid that you added to your bottle spray?
What about for blood stains 👀😳   Joking ofc 😂
I agree the “won’t coast you a cent “ isn’t true for the average person who doesn’t have a shop vac. How about how to clean using everyday house hold items? I would love to clean some stains but with normal everyday products.
Can we do this with dry vacuum cleaner? My vacuum cleaner does not support wet.
Will this stain black seats??
Where'd u get a shopvac for $0?
When the seats dry it doesn’t leave a stench?
What happens if you have an older stain?
Just use normal vacuum cleaner? The water from the seat will not damage the vacuum?
What about coffee and girl’s butterflies blood stains?
Great, where can I get the free shop vac? Since this should cost zero dollars 🧐
Where can i buy one of those vacuums for free?
What If coffee cup spilled and the seats got stoked deeply with coffee.  The more I vacuum the more stains kept coming up
Do you have any vacuum alternatives? Maybe a lint roller, or a hand brush? 😅 Sorry. Just trying to work with what I have. Thank you for this awesome vid and tip. 🙌
So simple -just one question -can you do this in seats that have heaters ?
maybe dry vac first. and scrub the wetted area before wetvac...?
Would it be fine if I wipe away the excess water with a towel instead of a vaccum?
So is there actually a way to do this without a shop vac?
Is it alright on dark seats won't cause it to fade a bit right?
I’m British so I’m not sure if it applies or if it’s any different but would a Hoover do the same job?
I don't have a shop vac.  What else can I use?
Wait, why isn't this video at least 30 minutes long with him telling me his life story and how his dog just went into surgery and stuff before getting to the point of the video? Oh, video was made in 2017, that explains a lot.  Also I hope your dog is doing great.
Why the dish soap and not the laundry detergent? They are fabric seats.
was the intro with the ship going by in Port Colborne?
Would it help to reapply Scotchgarde after the seat dries? Save your cleaning spray for bug killer, it works great and it's much cheaper.
😯 where you got that keyboard?
What year corolla
People that don’t have a shop vac... go to a car wash that has vacuums?
What is a shop vac ?
Hmm....think I might try this.. eating pizza and KFC don't do well on seat's..🤔
Does this work on old stains? If so im going to try it
Will this work on black seats ?
What kind of vacuum is that?? Normal or water sucker??? Please reply ..if I could do this with my air sucker vacuum
Whats the blue liquid ?
Would a regular hand vacuum work too??? ✨
Idk just my thoughts if you have a vehicle and you wanna keep clean, a shop vac is a must have!
When the seats dry don’t the stains pop back up
I put dishsoap on my seat with water and left a big mark?
Will this work for mud stains?
can i do this without using a shop vac? instead im gonna use a dry towel will it work?
Would you recommend agitation from a detail brush after you spray the soapy water then vac? Or no scrubbing
Is this a regular vacuum cleaner or a wet vac?
Does this help to get rid of seat dust
It won’t leave a weird scent in the car ?
Hey! Thanks for the tutorial. I plan on doing this tomorrow. Do you know if this works well on car floors too? The carper underneath my car's floor mats is could use some cleaning as well.
Will a normal vacuümcleaner do the job?
What if you don’t have a shop vac???
What if you don’t have a shop vac
what if i dont have a wet/dry shopvac?
can you do it with a regular vacuum cleaner?
Is this safe to use on black cloth? I hope it won't discolor the shade of the material...
Normal vacuum (floor uses) works?
Regular vaccume cleaner work like a shark?
That’s great! Any tips on how to clean in between the seats and car door and center console without removing the seats?
Instructions unclear. Shop vac stuck in drying machine. Please send help.
What is a shop vac?
will a hand held vacum do it?
How long it's been there for
Will this work with power seats ?
Any vacuum could do that or you need a certain one ?
Does this work for water stains?
Does it work with a Home Vacuum Cleaner?
where do i sign up for the free shop vac?
And how do you get the soap out? You need a hoover or rug doctor to go over everything so the soap doesn't dry on the seats because that will attract more dirt.
Will this work on wet farts that are deep in the seat?
If I had a shopvac to begin with, why would I be searching for videos???
Does this method work well with the car carpet?
I bought some crap from autozone yesterday and it made my seat worse and now my car smells like chemicals !  Do you think this will help
I want to know how to get the dust off my convertibles cloth seats
Whats a car?
Can this work for the floor mat too?
Will this work for older stains? I just bought a used car from a dealer. And there's a small black stain on the back seat
Do I need to use my water filter for this? I know stupid question lol
Will this remove old coffee stains ?
Does it get out cum stains? Just asking for a friend
I don't know what a shop-vac is.
Instructions unclear my cars sinking to the bottom of a lake
Left side is still dirty? That's what I wanna clean
Isn't liquid bad for vacuums? I have a Dyson and it says no liquids.
You seem like a smart dude, why not agitate with an upholstery brush or even a toothbrush? Lol it would of been gone a lot faster
how much peak power do you need on a shop vac for vehicle cleaning?
Is it save to extract water with  normal home vacuum
Will a normal vacuum work? I dont own a shop vacuum.
Where am I supposed to get a car??
What’s the peak horsepower on this shop vac?
I don't have a shop vac, can I use my house hold vac?
Does it need to be a shop vac or any will do?
Why not scrub the cloth a little bit before vacuuming?
WTF is a SHOP VAC does he mean like a carpet cleaner or a wet vac - or is talking about, like a Henry hoover?? i dont understand...
Are you from Minnesota? You have the accent, that's where I'm from haha
Will it take out water marks out of seats?
Shop vac?!?!? Since when are they free! I might as well pay a retailer to clean it! They’re $50 minimum to hire around here!!!
I'm sorry but does this not look like the most dangerous invention for a road? 0:10
Go to a car wash they have vacuum & I’m certain that y’all have any kind of soap to wash dishes if not then I wonder what u use for dishes lmaoook 🤣😂🤦🏻‍♀️
The main question is. Can i use a dyson vaccuum?
How can I get a shop vac, spray bottle, and soap for zero cents?
soap? where the fuck i'm going to get soap
Would this work on denim stains? The previous owner left some pretty serious denim stains on my seats lol
Can I use my regular home vacuum for this?
Why’d you need to spray the whole seat tho?
does this technique work on old stains as well?
How much was your take out?
Would scrubbing the stain help after spraying it?
Will this work on older stains?
What about mold and severe grease stains? Awesome video. Thanks so much.
Zero dollars? Where d you get a free shop vac? Where do you plug it in for free? Free dawn liquid? Free hot water? Where do you live?
soapy wooder? SOAPY WOODER?! good thing you definitely have a shopvac.
hi there, can i use any hoover ? i mean is it the same hoover that we use at home? is not going to damage the hoover taking the water out? thanks
Great video! Have you ever tried this method with a cleaner designed for car upholstery, like Meguiar's?
Curious... should I try this on old stains with cold water and some detergent, versus the hot water? Thoughts? I always worry about setting stains... but, I guess they are old stains, how much more could I set them?
Do you have two filters for your shop vac? Do you use one for dry vacuuming and one for wet vacuuming. I don't know if I can use my husband's Shop-Vac for wet... Maybe if I buy him another filter?
People do this? When my seat gets a little mark on it I just buy a new car.
How about spraying the pot better the first time, take a hard brissel brush and scrub then vac
How do you live without the ability to tap?
Zero dollars? I have to buy a spray bottle, dish soap, a shop vac, and a car if I want to do this!
Works on the carpet too???
Hi Chris,  I'm planning on cleaning the seats my wife's honda the next time i'm at the the car wash. I like to know if I can use their public vacuum machine as I'm not sure if it would damage it with water getting all sucked up into the machine. let me know, thanks
How old was stain?  Would agitating it help on really old deep stains ???
Any other tips and tricks?? Joy hand cleaner??
Try spray 9 or purple power but rinse fast!!!???
Great tip as usual Chris! Is that the Welland canal in the opening shots?
