Someone edited this. No salt? Pepper?! This is a short version. I saw the original once...
What happened to the  bay leaf?
You are sooooooooo good Jamie ! You make cooking actually look like fun! See me in Dr.Who's Tardis, I am a huge Brit Fan, but what is a nob of butter pls?
No seasoning ?????? 🙄
What's brockly?
Have you consider adding some keto recipes? Keto followers are increasing in numbers these days.
Where's the cheese??🤔
Why does he always have to serve food in a bowl that looks likes it was found at the back of a garden shed? He'll be serving up pasta in an old tin bucket soon!
Is there a way to separate the brocoli from the cauli once the sauce is made? i.e. as opposed to straight cheddar?
Serves how many people?
where is the cheese in the cauliflower cheese of Jamie?
Where is the cheese?
WHY DOES HE ALWAYS YELL SO LOUD IN THE INTRO
Can this dish be made in advance and the reheated? It looks absolutely delish!!
what is the temperature that needs to be set for baking this?
what do you serve this with?
Is it ok if I use gluten-free flour for the white sauce?
anyone find that pan on ebay? im sure its somewhere on these comments. cbf reading
So the Cauliflower goes in the oven, frozen?  You don't have to thaw it or cook it in boiling water before or anything?
What temperature for baking cauliflower cheese for one hour?
what is a good subtitute for the butter if im vegan?
I can't wait to make this for my family, but I am severly allergic with any type of hard cheese,so what other cheese can be used other than chedder? thanks so much for the wonderful reciepe.
frozen vs fresh, it's the nutrition value that matters
Is this a cooking channel or a frozen food promoting channel?
How much is a nob of butter? 1 teaspoon?
Does anyone know the kind of pan Jamie is using in this video?
Can I freeze the finished product for later?
But could I use hemp milk instead of regular milk? I'll let you know!!!!!
Wouldn't frozen cauliflower make this super watery?
Is this dish relatively healthy? Sorry, I know this is a stupid question but I just wanna be sure! :)
What kind of pan did you use in the video?
can someone let me know what is the first dish in the 'more' window at the end of the video  thanks
Where was the cheese?
I can't controll the video? :D
I'm a new diabetic. Is this diabetic friendly? Any help would be wonderful, thank you.
Another awesome video from you Jamie! I have a few questions that I would like to have answers on!   I'm nut allergic and I wonder if there is anything that I could replace it with in general?  Also I REALLY don't like coriander but I'm really trying to like it! The boring part of those things are that its really tasty with nuts in so many dishes and coriander is so often used so.. How would you teach someone to like something?  I use to read your book
Can anyone else see the face in the almonds at 1:58?
But fresh must be better for you.... no?
what i wanna know is: Is frozen vegis less healthy than fresh ones?
what type of pan are you using?
Any idea about gluten free version? Or just simply do it without flour and bread?
could this go in a LCHF diet ?
aren't even more vitamins in the frozen veges anyways?
