What year was on the label ? It seems newer than 1972.
$400? It's about $3,500 now.
Isn’t the mosfet just to drop the voltage to the temperature sensor
The pump having an integrated check valve, does there need to be another check valve at the expansion tank?
Hello there folks. Anyone know how we can find our well which is hidden under ice and snow at our new home in the North of Sweden? The pump has died and we know roughly where the well is, tried an iron rod to probe the snow to try and hear/feel a change but this area has so many rock that we keep on digging only to find a huge rock. Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks
Hello there folks. Anyone know how we xan find our well which is hidden under ice and snow at our new home in the North of Sweden? The pump has died and we know roughly where the well is, tried an iron rod to probe the snow to try and hear/feel a change but this area has so many rock that we keep on digging only to find a huge rock. Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks
So when water leaks into the 230V motor, why aren't you electrocuted in the shower? Is there any fault current flowing?
Do you feel you have a "big hose" that needs clamping with your "big hose clamps"?
my name is IDRISS frm chad, I want to know about one good pump to used in to my field. Thank you.
Any chance you remember the rpm on that pump? Those backwards curved impellers require very high rpm to move their intended liquid or vapour.
Would it be possible to generate electricity simply by flipping the deep well pump upside down
how much did you pay to change a pump? labor and pump?
Which part is damaged first?
Interesting video, Ive always wondered about the inner workings of a pump like that.
How do they pump water in space?
How much was the replacement with labor...did u have to replace the pipe? Thanks!
Is there way to check the pump before goes all together .   I am On a well like to know when to change the pump .   Hate to it just stop working .  No water at all would be a big problem .  lol
Where are you from
i can tell ur doing alot of guessing
Thanks for the tutorial!!! I do have a question,if the pump is incased in a stainless steel cover,why is it rusted?
little bit like Archimedes screw huh?
How Does A Deep Well Pump Work?  It works well, thanks.
What was the part number on the TO-220 mosfet looking thing? Could have just been a BT### series triac from the way it is wired. The bimetallic strip heats up, disconnects, and that disconnect only happens at a few miliamps, leaving the heavy duty beefy switching to the silicon. That way your heat sensor contacts will not wear out ever. Edit: I was almost right, it was only for the start winding.
Can a 1kva stabilizer be used to bust the voltage for 0.75hp  pump?
Does the pump pump water into a pressure tank?
Don't you hate it when small parts fly out at you?!  lol
About the temeperature thing... I think it's a Bi-Metal switch, connected to the Triac (Triacs are used to switch AC Power, MOSFET's can only switch DC). But i don't know why there are 3 Connection-Pins. Eventually this connections are Live, Neutral and the switched one, who is connectet to the Motor.
Infinite ohms??  I am no electrician, but doesn't that just mean a closed circuit or "continuity"?
I think that the mosfet gate is controlled by the thermal switch.  The mosfet is running the motor current.
is it just me or does no part of that reflect 70's tech. not sure a mosfet would have been utilized in that era pump as well as the multi stage abs impeller pump.  i've been wrong before but something just doesn't add up here.
I don’t understand why a pump like this would have a temperature sensor.
so... why is that worth $400?
How do well pumps not get clogged so far under ground?
i always wondered how a deep well pump worked - thank you!
So the whole unit is submerged under water?
A bit too quick to cut up the pump part. Are you really sure it's actually as old as you claim? Some parts did look a bit more modern than that. I'm not sure when the TO-220 packaging of electronic components appeared, maybe it was as early as '74 and then this must be one of the early applications for that. Notice that most electronic components have a date stamp on them consisting of year and week.
What brand pump was that?
How can you determ if it was hit by Lightning or not.?
hammer mechanic - just cut it open.  Next time ask a mechanic!
Really cool stuff. What made the biac switch just pop out?
The hose clamps are there to connect the pump assembly to a plastic hose.  The hose also carries the weight of the pump and is subject to its starting torque.  Many submersible pumps are hung on 1" galvanized pipe.  If your pump has been in there for forty years, hanging on plastic pipe I would worry about the plastic.  Ask the people who put you new pump in.
Nice, I’ve been wondering how one of these works and seeing the insides is a plus!!
