Did I miss something or did the entire part about inflating / sealant get skipped her?
So if my wheels aren’t “tubeless ready” can I just do this and be fine?
My rims are tubeless ready but the tires are tubed type. Can I still convert to tubeless?
My existing rim does not have any marking, it has like a lip all around the edge of the rim on both side, can I convert it to tubeless tire?
Duct tape, right?
Was that duct tape on the rim?
Hello, sir, is it possible to use a rim that doesnt state anyhwere that it is tubless conversion ready?
I have a question! I did not catch it but what was the white stuff called pored into the tire. I know it's sealant but what kind? lol
Is this really how tubless are done with tape? Seems kinda janky. That's crazy it's   what all the elitists run. Lol duct tape holding air in their tires?
Hello use specelized tape or any tape? Thanks
Will this work for motorcycle tyre too ..if some one wants to use spoke rim as alloys.
I have a question. Can I make Tubeless a single wall wheel?
Couldn't stuff pop through the tire to cause a flat the same as when you have a tube inside, but now you don't have a tube to fix the flat tire. Do you carry the sealing goo, nozels, nozel tool, solvents, rags, plus levers and  pump around instead of a change of tube in this case to fix flats? Seems more annoying to deal with, especially if you're in bad weather.
Can I convert clincher to tubeless?
I couldn't tell from the video but is it possible to use a presta valve if you have a schrader valve by default when transitioning from tubes to tubeless?
Thinking about converting to tubeless. Was that just Gorilla Tape you used in the video?
I followed all these instructions but cant get the tire to pop. When I fill it, air just escapes between rim and tire. There must be a secret to it. Both rim and tire is tubeless ready.
I wonder how often a not explicitly tubeless ready tire fails even with sealant. The tire I have in mind is a Duro Wildlife Leopard 24" x 3.0". It's sturdy (and expensive). The bead is very very tight on the wheel (of a QU-AX unicycle). If it's unlikely to work tubeless, I'd like to avoid the wasted effort.
This is a great video but what about the add fluid step?
If I could get a reply from some people. How often do you have to add air to your tube - tubeless tires?
is it ok to use duct tape???
we can use gorilla tape?  can we just fill with gorilla glue?
Great video . But , what if i dont have 4 different width rim tapes to choose ? How can i calculate the right rim tape ?  For example in a 22 inner width rim , shall i use a 23mm rim tape , a 21mm , or other ? Thanks
How hard does it take a MAG bicycle wheel and go to with v rubber tires tubeless
Question how do you install tubeless tires on a motorized mag wheel
Gorilla tape works?
can you convert a standard rim to tubless,   what makes a rim tubeless ready?
Is this possible with a tubular rim?
Was that Frank Zappa?
Was that duct tape? 🧐🤔
Did he use black gorilla duct tape?
Just me or does he look like sewage Joe from Parks and Recreation
Will this work in any rims?? I have a clincher. I wanna switch to tubeless can i just tape the rims to be tubeless ready,
How to remove  Trail king tyre  In wide rim with sealant ?  _tia
how much sealant did you put?
Can you just use slime instead of that specific tire sealant?  I've always slimed my tube tires.
Does this work for converting a tubular wheelset to tubeless as well or only clincher to tubeless?
Is that black duct tape used to seal the rim?
Why go through all the trouble to do this when a tire with a tube works just fine? Are there any advantages to a tubeless tire?
So I can convert my regular non tubeless tire to a tubeless?
What kind of tape will be the best?
were is your bicycle shop repair? you can aling the bent wheel.
Can you make tubeless tyres with wheels not made for it?
I kinda lost after he puts on the tape, now what to do next?
What kind of tape sir?
hi guys. question from brazil here... Did you used a regular black tape on the rim, or is a special tubeless adesive tape?
Show us the part where you add the sealant rather than skipping over it...
Is ghetto tubeless (DIY tubeless) advisable?
That tape you're using (that you're actually applying) looks vaguely like duct tape, where you've  just ripped it to the correct width while the tape is still on the roll.....  Or is this just appearances ?
Do the tires have to be "tubeless ready" for this conversion to work?
Only half a video mate! What about the adding of sealant and tyre inflation??
this might seem like a dumb question:  but if it i get a puncture on the road, do i have to camp out there for several days as the sealant cures???
can I use a car tyre sealant?
Does this slime freeze? It is a latex mix correct?
Can I use duct tape?
Calvin - Question  just got a set of WTB : Ranger tires Steel Bead . can i Convert to tubeless ???  i also have another Set WTB tubeless TCS tires the Bead is SOFT !! and Can run Tubeless i check the BOTH BEADS LOOK IDENTICAL EVEN the INTERNAL CASING LOOKS IDENTICAL  maybe internally  the TCS seas Better !!! Mind YOU another wheelset i have EASTON EA70  XCT had MAXXIS tires and i did a RESEAL with STANS and the 2nd day the sealant was leaking out of the SIDEWALL !!! LIKE SWEATING TIRES !!!!! it eventually stopped SWEATING
Can Isypropol be used as an alternative to cleaning? (99%)
Can you do the same thing to a scooter?
The lowest part of the inner side of my rim is deep. The rim tape doesn't stretch enough to actually mate with the lowest part. Is that a big deal?? It is holding sealent and pressure, but will the tape stretch and rupture?
Is there a specific reason to do the tape overlap around the stem?  It seams that you could get a better balance by overlapping the tape on the opposite side of the stem.
Can i convert my not tubeless wheelset into a tubeless one? I mean i have a tubeless ready tires but the rims are not but it is double wall rims and a wide one? Is it possible?
That blue inner tube strip, isn't that already a tape in place for ready rims? I have that, should I remove it?
Can a clincher tire be run safely on a tubeless ready (TLR) or TCS rim? Can a clincher tire be run on a UST tubeless rim?
Hi, I got an Soft tyre hutchinson cobra (ready for tubeless as well the rim), and I have the problem that compressed air is not enough to fill the tyre  so the air escape because the soft of the tyre, any tricks to solve this?
Hi, can i use 32mm tubeless rim tape on a 35mm internal width rim?
how do you know when your wheels is tubeless ready without the sticker
So just to be sure, a tubeless system would work with a non-TR rim and tire? Or would you need one of them TR?
What if you do these steps but then still use a tube?
Can this be done with Mountain bikes? Also does the width of the tape match the width on the tire like 2.25"?
my tires doesnt have the "TCS" sign but in their website it says tubeless ready. so it is or not? lol
About appropriate tubeless rim tape for a rim: inner width 27 mm, should the tape be 27 or 28 or ... ? We don't want to buy just all of the tapes, so any suggestions?..
Other than a weight consideration, what are or is the benefit of going tubleess?
Has anyone tried this using small patches over the spokes instead of the strip method?
do we have to use sealing tape or can we use duck tape? and do mtb's come with a tubeless valve?
hello there..  do you know how sky biking or skycycle tires work?
Are those Park Tool scissors?!  How many millions of dollars are those?  lol jokes.  Great video.  Thanks for the refresher!  :)
Can you use a tubeless tire on a regular tubed rim?
Great video... I saw there Giant´s P-XC2 rim (which I have). I would like to ask what tape and valves you used for this rim... ??? According to my discussion with Stans No Tubes company I need to use their custom rim strip RS0048. Do you know this rim strip? Please advice. Thank you
