you could have made the hollandaise properly and saved it for later... and those eggs are more like raw yolk then poached eggs... mayb this is a new recipe all together but not eggs beni sry
Brad and molly? 🤭
She didn’t stir it after adding salt and cayenne. Why?
Is there a spice that can be used rather than cayenne? For some reason I never have cayenne in the house when I need it 😂
Quick question - was the melted butter warm when you added to egg yolks and lemon juice?
No clarified butter???
What if you hate runny eggs can you just leave it in longer so the yolk cooks all the way through or will the whites get rubbery?
Does the melted butter still need to be hot when you pour it in?
Do the yolks in the hollandaise suace not need to be cooked? Salmonella?
The sauce never thickens for me, why could this be?
What kind of ham was that? It looked delicious and high quality.
How hot is this girl?
What does she mean "vortex"? Sous vide?
Okay but why do I need a hair tutorial for Molly’s curls here 😭
Does anyone know the amounts to use to scale down this hollandaise sauce to a one person recipe (1 or 2 eggs benny)
When did she add lemon juice to the sauce ?
How do you keep the sauce warm by the stove? ?
Why does it look like her mouth is moving weirdly when she's talking?
So this is her first debut video for BA kitchen series?
What’s the difference between hollandaise and mayo?
So the sauce is raw?
Can I do that in my stand mixer?  I don't have a Vitamix.
i might be missing something but why is reheating the eggs for 1 minute easier than cooking them for 2 or 3 ?
Any tips on subbing the butter for somebody who’s lactose intolerant?
Is she the sister of Yale guy from the Try Guys? Because she has the same mouth and nose.
How about SousVide the eggs it will be easier to have them warm all the time.
Is she from Louisiana?
Is it wrong that I'm totally in love with Molly? Sigh...sorry.
Aren’t you suppose to beat the eggs over a “Bain Marie” to kill the stuff in the eggs?
Didn’t Molly crack 6 eggs in the beginning of the video? and she ends up with 10 eggs.
Hi, geniuine question here. How are the yolks cooked in the bernaise if we're not using a double boiler? or that doesn't matter?
why does molly always whine about other people
Do you know what they call Canadien Bacon in Canada?  Bacon.
Where is her apron from?
How long will last freshness after putting the cooked egg into ice water?
I'm sure the recipe is great, but I can't stand listening to Millennial speak.  Not every sentence ends in a question mark, people!
Why would you eat raw hollandaise?
Will the ice bath make the yolks hard?
Can I keep the Hollandaise in the fridge or freezer to use for later? How long can I store it in the fridge?
When making a hollandise sauce how much do you put butter on?
The hollandaise sauce doesnt have to be in a particular temperature so the eggs ro be safe for eating???
I heard people put vinegar in the simmering water. Why?
Vocal fry...why oh why? Australian question intonation too! Good grief.
Is there no vinegar in the water?
Am I the only one who hates runny egg yolks?
How much is two sticks of butter ?
What’s up with Molly and uncooked eggs but at the same time I live
Were those muffins sliced with a fork?
Why do they all talk like that?
Is Molly the only one in the kitchen with the balls to call out Brad?
Do these awesome peeps work at this place full time? Or are they chefs in other kitchens? Or maybe they are my accountants....
What's with gourmet chefs and runny yolks, jesus.
How much of this hair gets in the food? Shouldnt she be wearing a chefs hat if she works in a kitchen?
Anyone else think it was really hot the way she cracked those eggs?
Wait did I miss something? Was the sauce made with raw eggs yolks and then just blended with other stuff and just served that way? Raw? But still great video I’m just stupid and probably missed something 😂😂❤️
What's up with not trying the Bennies Brad?
I don't get it...why not prep and toast the English muffins first (6 mins), then make the hollandaise ("30 seconds") and poach the eggs last (2-3 mins) so they don't have to be reheated?
Who's your favourite BA host? Claire! No wait Molly! No I mean Brad! No wait I mean Carla. Damn it.  This is harder than choosing a favourite movie.
Why the hell does she have such a cute personality
Beef between Molly and Brad?
where do you get your aprons?? They are so cute
Where do you keep the eggs if you're cooking them the night before?
Isn't she technically making a mayonnaise there, not a Hollandaise?
Who’s gonna make this?
She s fun.Who's she?
Canadian bacon is ham isn't it?
you asked a question about why i don't call myself even thou my paper work says " Chef" which was removed and used world Class cook.  Cause Chef in dictionary means two things to cut one's self, or it also means in European country fluff flour. mainly here it's used as  "chef" means to cut one's self could be why there accidents in Restaurants."
Did I miss something or are the yolks in the sauce supposed to be in cooked
Hi Bon Appétit - what happens to the food thats made that staff doesn’t want to eat? Curious how you avoid food waste.
Does anyone there even like Fred?
do people honestly like runny eggs?? it's really gross to me, i feel like it's still raw, and not used to that texture. can i leave my eggs for longer, at least for a more creamy yolk??
Louise from Bob's Burgers all grown up?
Can we get Molly to do more videos
Who refuses a bite of Eggs Benedict?!? =)
Does Brad not like Molly? Or is he just a little upset because of the way she informed him that he was being too loud at that moment?
Anyone knows her Instagram?
she looks like the sister from the guy from buzzfed if he has a sister
so hollandaise has raw egg yolks in it? doesn't seem safe to eat
why is she so sad?
Ends most of her sentences in a question mark...sounds like a conceited know it all witch than a presenter who enjoys what shes doing. Has lots to brush up. Till then im skippin her clips.
WHAT IS THIS ADORABLE CREATURE AND WHERE DO I GET ONE
Is she from the valley?
does eggs benedict traditionally get seasoned with salt?
why not just poach the eggs once the guests arrive? It's only 3 minutes.
i'm not sure eggs are supposed to bounce
why is this so easy wtf
Greatest breakfast vid on youtube?
i want to know what Brad is doing
Is it safe to have raw egg in the hollandaise sauce?
OMG WHERES BRAD?!?! jk she seems really cool
she was in the Kids eat stuff vid?
Hangover from one glass of wine? Yee gads. Love her though :D
Sorry if I missed it, but is vinegar necessary for when you poach the eggs? I've had such mixed results and, yeah, the vinegar helps the eggs setup better but I have to be so careful to keep from adding too much vinegar (which ruins the taste of the eggs).
Is it some kind of requirement for everyone who works at Bon Appetit to be so beautiful and kind? I'm in love with her
Isn't simmering water just below simmering called poaching water?  Shouldn't you want to poach anything in poaching water?
what or why is there so much tension between her and Brad hmmmmm.....?
why does she talks like this? you know where everything has a question mark at the end of it? with an upward inflection? at the end of every sentence?
Is Brad contractually obligated to cameo in every BA video? (not that I'm complaining)
Hey BA, any chance you could consider your international audience in your measurements for recipes? We don't use US cups or have sticks of butter the same size, weights would be handy and easier to convert!
What's water? She must mean wourder.
Does bae have any other videos? Does bae have her own show yet?
Im not sure what I like more Molly or the recipe
LOL how does brad end up making a feature in every video
Is it just me or was that a reallllly awkward ending?
I'm sure there are some proper french chefs that might take issue with this method.
her voice is fine??? it sounds normal i'm not sure why yall are saying her voice is bad
where is molly's apron from? dying to know!!!
How does BA feel about sous vide eggs vs poaching a batch?
why is everything she say a question
Reheat the eggs for a total cook time of 3-4 min. Or wait and do the eggs when the ham is cooking and no need to reheat...
Who the fuck uses Canadian bacon?
Since when was one person a crowd? 🤷‍♀️
I wonder how much they paid Brad to just sit in the background of every wide shot in this video
I wonder what Brad was talking about. And doing on the computer. Brad is the best.
How do you prevent the batch of eggs just cooking into one giant clump of poached eggs? (Since you said that a vortex wouldn't work when you cook in batches)
How do I work for Bon Appétit?
"Cayenne" _Food wishes??_
What speed should we blend at?
Who hits "thumbs down" on Eggs Benedict?  <laugh>  WTF people?
Ayy, why you gonna come after brad like that ?
2:18 does she mean wouder?
Cayenne in hollandaise? What is this, Foodwishes.com?  j/k
Did Brad like them though?  make more vegan recipes please! Those on your website are delicious!!!
Isn't this just a tiny bit a Food Lab rip off?
whos the baddie
ins't canadian bacon just ham?
Love her method and energy but is anyone else getting put off by the "valley girl" accent? I'm just not used to hearing it so it detracts a bit from my enjoyment of the vid sorry
If you are doing so many alterations on the original recipe, shouldn't you call it something else.
Is that Brad in the background
I wonder what eggs Benedict taste like I always want to order them and than never do
Wait is safe to eat the raw eggs in the hollandaise sauce?
Benedicts cool water bath? Isnt that some actor?
Who is Benedict?
Didn't Half-Sour show us how to poach multiple poached eggs exactly the same way?
Ok.... WHERE'S CHRIS MOROCCO? Why are the harissa chicken thighs gone? I mean... good job on the new cute girl and trying to get Brad on her video and everything but I'm not sold by far.  Also, 1 minute reheating eggs was too much for many of those
