How can I make a lemon buttercream?
What’s with the nuggets
I thought my butter had the right consistency to start with and I beat it up for 5 minutes as per the recipe but it did not fluff up. I beat it up another 5 minutes and still could not get the right consistency. Not sure why?
Thank a for the amazing recipe !  I’ve got a question, in slightly how weather after decorating my cakes with that buttercream is there any possibility for it to melt ? And lose its shape or texture? That’s my only concern
Hello! Question here!! Once you apply the buttercream or pipe the butter cream, will it hold its shape for a while? Like a day??? Needing to make a cake this weekend and I have to make it a day ahead of time.
Doesn't the buttercream melt at room temperature? Likeif i baked cupcakes technically i could keep them out for 5 days?
How could I modify this to make chocolate buttercream icing please? 😊
How much butter cream do I need to make to frost a cake please could you get back to me asap I’m making a birthday cake for my sons birthday today  x
Hi. So glad I stumbled across this video today, I am now on a binge fest of you channel. I do want to ask, you mentioned using icing sugar that has maize/corn as the agent, is tapioca starch ok as well? I just checked mine in the pantry (Australia 🇦🇺) and it has tapioca but does come out a little grainy when I make buttercream... I haven't tried with your method/recipe yet. Thanks for the tips ❤️ 🎂
Can you freeze your butter cream please? Enjoyed watching you
What is this Sookia 😭😭
Can cream cheese be added to buttercream?
I still can5 get my butter to whip out white and ive gone past the 5 minute mark. Do i keep whipping? Its nit as fluffy. Help 😢
Can this same method be used to cover a birthday cake or it is only for cup cakes. Forgive me if im asking a silly question, i am a very dear beginner.
my butter cream forming is alright but i can sense the sugar powder under my teeth despite i sifted it twice😢 is the butter cream texture like this or i am wrong in my steps?
my butter cream forming is alright but i can sense the sugar powder under my teeth despite i sifted it twice😢 is the butter cream texture like this or i am wrong in my steps?
I want the buttercream no get hard in the fridge, how to do that
What would you recommend for using salted butter like anchor butter?
Hi Jemma, what's your advice if I want to make a chocolate butter cream? Thanks ❤
Is this butter  cream good for cakes
What can make the icing had or strong
could you use ethrytol or xylitol instead of icing powder sugar which is really unhealthy
Hello Miss Jemma! Can you clarify the translation of the measurements? I found 150g of butter is Approximately 3/4-1 full cup of butter. Also I found 350g of the confectioners sugar is approximately 1 3/4 cup. Is this correct????
How much buttercream would be required for your layer cakes?
where did you get that’s colour from please.
Where can you get authentic food colouring from pls 🙏 most of the supermarkets doesnt have a quality one 😔
Love the tutorial. Please I need know how to do a birthday cake especially doing the cream or icing on.
Hi Gemma how do you not get lots of bubbles in your buttercream beating it for that long❤
Could I use double cream instead of milk? I found it helps better with the thickness and smoothness
Is this a crusting buttercream?
What brand of butter is best to use for buttercreams here in UK? ☺️
This buttercream recipe would last in the heat? If not, any suggestions?
Does anyone know If I should follow the same instructions when using a hand mixer? Please help!
With the measurements in this video how many cupcakes can i cover with buttercream?
How can I make it chocolate or with a flavoring
I’m always confused with measuring
Can this buttercream be used to pipe buttercream flowers??
I made buttercream for the first time ever and used your recipe. All good until I added milk and all the mixture became curdy. I freaked out and luckily I found someone who explained how to fix split buttercream. It finally worked but all the process costed me 2h... Not sure what went wrong.  Could you please make a video explaining how to troubleshoot buttercream? Thank you!
Hello. I made your recipe and it was perfect. The only problem was that i feel sugar granules when i eat it. What I did wrong or what is the solution? ❤
Hi, thanks for the fantastic video. Could  I use this butter cream as the base and just add in some coco powder for a chocolate icing? If so would I need to add more liquid to counter the addition of the dry coco powder to avoid a grainy texture.
This is great for cupcake but my question is, how many batches of this would I need to make to say fill and cover a 3 layer 8" cake? Thanks so much 😊
why does my icing have air bubbles in it?
should milk be cold or room temperature for buttercream icing?
When using electronic. Mixer do I use paddle attachment or regular beaters?
how did you made this food colour
Can u take ur class slowly 🙏
Can you share in cups and grams.. I don’t do grams!!
do you add the food colouring with the milk and vanilla extract or just the milk and food colouring without the vanilla?
Is it okay to powder the sugar and use it if we cannot find confectionary sugar?
Hi just wanted to know hw to preserve these yummy icing cream as  lil worried about the stiffness n hardness of the cream. thx
I'm making a sponge cake so need to know how to make butter creme for that
How much fat content in butter that you are using
Store at room temperature...why not fridge ?
Can you overwhip buttercream?
Hi could you Maybe write the recipe to that buttercream?❤
Thank you Jemma. Please how many cups of buttercream does not his yield? Will it be enough for filling and covering a 2 layer 6" cake?
can we use whisk than the beater??
If I us liquid food colouring how much should I put in my butter cream
Is maizestarch same as cornstarch?
Is this the right kind of consistency to pipe flowers?
My country is so hot how to maintain the butter not to melt..?
Hi Jemma! Can you tell me how much buttercream you'd make to ice a three tier cake?
When should you use this type of buttercream versus swiss buttercream for example and why?
That's a lot of sugar. Can we reduce the amount of sugar used without affecting the end result?
Do you use this recipe for cake frosting inside as well?
I know this is an old video Jemma, but is there any way to make the buttercream taste a teeny bit less buttery? Also can i use tuns of whipped butter? Will that matter?
Could u show me how to make it with shortening alone?
When I add gel paste food coloring my buttercrea, it curdles/splits color and turns grainy (used red and black). Any suggestions to keep buttercream smooth yet have a rich color? Is it a paste quality issue?
So 10 minutes of whipping? Isn’t there a point it ‘collapses?’
What's the difference between butter cream and the royal icing
I was just wondering how you would adapt this recipe to make it chocolate butter cream?  Many thanks
Good day I live in the tropics and frosting melts what can o add to make it more stable please
Is this good for piping flowers please?
how sweet is it?
Jemmy help!!!! No matter what I do my buttercream won't firm up enough...its really runny 😢 I add extra sugar, I chill it, to no avail... I'm in England so it's not hot weather 😂😂
What did you mean by looking for a different icing sugar? Is they’re a certain brand to get?
Love your videos, I’m a novice at this. Can you give me an idea how much butter icing I’ll need for a 9” double sponge cake please? Filling and full icing?  Thankyou Annie
I try doing it but I can feel the sugar when I taste it 😢. My buttercream was on room temperature . I mix it for 10 min more or les after adding powdered sugar. I don’t know what I do wrong 😑 Can you please help. Is it always like that ? Do I supposed to notice the powder sugar when I taste the cream ? Or it have to be completely smooth?
What is the white liquid , is that milk?
Hello! I need a help.I'm new in UK. So, in UK where I can find all kind of baking products?  Please suggest me!  Thank you😊
Can you use this butter cream for decorating cakes as well?
Great video thank you! Could I get the quantities for an 8" cake?
Is the milk room temp? Or cold?
Hi, I am a beginner in baking,I live in a hot country, I like to know which frosting is used for commercial cupcakes, & which one will withstand long time without melting, because I need to prepare some cupcakes for near by exhibitions
Hello I'm 66 yrs old I can't learn this gram weight etc for measuring.   Is it to hard to use English American measurements ?  Appreciate if you can thank you n Happy New Tears
Kindly can I use blue band if I don't have butter?
Hi Jemma, If I want to make buttercream for 8inch birthday cake. Can I have the exact measurement for butter, icing sugar and milk ?? Thank you very much . 😘
How much buttercream I should make for 4 , 8 inch cake
How many cupcakes will this recipe make?
can I use powdered Sugar as a substitute for icing Sugar?
Hi! I’m a newbie at buttercream! Won’t it spoil at room temperature because of the milk???
Hello, can I use a cream cheese icing instead on a cake that I want to decorate by adding fondant decorations on the sides?
How much ingredients should i use if i need enough to crumbcoat and do final layers to a cake? The quantity listed in the description didnt look enough
Thank you Gemma. I love your recipes.   Can I just ask about the butter, my butter never seems to go soft enough even when I leave it out overnight, I don't have a microwave, is there another way to soften it slightly?  Thank you xx
Can you freeze buttercream icing
Very helpful thank you - is this recipe good for icing a layer cake or is it just for cupcakes?
Do you have online class
Can I replace the butter for shortening?
No machine. Can I do this by hand?
I only have liquid dye. do you think it's a good idea to incorporate it instead of milk to prevent the cream from being too runny?
Wont it melt if the cake was placed in a not so cold room or area?
Can I ask how much butter cream icing is needed for a birthday cake
How do you make black buttercream
Will this do without mixer?
I'm going to try and make my daughters birthday cake. She wants pink butter cream all over I don't have an electric whisk can I use a hand held whisk? Thank you
How do I make black butter icing
What is the ratio of butter to. Icing sugar for butter cream
My butter cream always gets soft while piping and dies not hold shape can you help ❤️💕❤️
What is the brand of the colouring?
I am doing a three layered 6 & 8  inch cake. Do I double the recipe or triple the recipe?
how many cakes does this ice and can i double all the ingredients to increase amount?
I tried it and it was too soft what did i I wrong?
Please, what speed do you beat the on? Thank you for any replies.
How long will this last in the fridge 🤔 x thank you
Any advise for making this ahead of time and freezing it? how would you defrost it?
Should the milk be room temperature or cold?
do i really need maize starch or could i use tapioca or corn starch
I’ve tried many time but my buttercream was too soft but i live in Thailand do u think its becoz of the weather, need suggestion pls xx
Does salted butter and or the quality stop the icing from being pso white? Mine still had a slight yellow cast?
I've heard that when increasing the quantities in baking you can't just double or triple quantities...is this true?
As this recipe has milk in it, does the cake/cupcakes need to be kept refrigerated?
why does my buttercream not look so smooth  i have done all you did
How do you make icing that isn’t to sweet
Has anyone made this and know about how many cups this makes
If you were icing an 8 inch cake what would your measurements be please ?
Would a hand held mixer have the same effect?
do you add more icing sugar if the mixture is too loose ?
Will it work with semi skimmed milk please? Great video. Trying to master creamy buttercream.
Where i live, I really only have access to margarine.:/ And all the butter is expensive....I notice no matter how much I whip it it always has a slight yellow tinge. Could it be due to the margarine?
Hello, Does it matter if using a whisk attachment on the stand mixer? Or is the paddle type like you are using best? Thank you!
Can I use condensed milk instead of icing sugar?
Can you please give recommendation on good butter to use.
Can we use hand mixer for 5min it beat the butter?
I love your videos and have made lots of your recipes but I can't see anywhere how much buttercream to make for a four-layer 8 inch cake - please can you give some measurements or recipes for buttercream for your cakes? Thank you.
I was wondering I spend 6 months in Dominican Republic and six in Canada but in Dominican the buttercream always melts on me what can I do and what buttercream is best to use in hot places such as Dominican Republic?
So what's the difference buttercream icing or frosting? This is what I used to make "frosting"(powdered sugar,unsalted butter,milk n vanilla extract)
I’ve never made cupcakes from scratch.  Always used box mix.  Does anyone have a good recipe now that I know HOW to mix and bake. Just need a recipe.
Tried this recipe and my buttercream turned out separated and almost melted. Any tips??
Pls can I do butter cream by hand without ,whisking machine.and is the milk compusory
Jemma help in few days I need to make a cake and I buy some royal icing in like a pot but I am not sure if I have to use it just like that or do I have to blend it with butter please help🥺
We’ve followed your recipe for buttercream and it’s really good. Only problem we have is when we pipe flowers there appears to be pockmarks in the frosting. Just wondering if the mixture is too stiff or it’s air bubbles getting in. Any advice welcome 😊
Three things, Jemma, one-do you ever freeze your butter cream? Two-If so, do you think it’s possible I can use my food saver to freeze the icing for future use? And three-how long can it be kept in the refrigerator for?
What paste do you use for the colouring please
Buttercream frosting recipe?
Can anyone help me what she said about choosing the right icing sugar..i m not able to understand her accent and i really wanna know about it...someone please reply for my message..
How big a cake will this amount of buttecream cover please ?
Thank you CupcakeJemma. Would you give me  tutorial how to make whipe cream without whipping cream or heavy cream due to in my country very difficult to reach out and expensive.
I'm sure you show the brand in other videos, but do you mind sharing your brand of icing sugar?
What Icing sugar would you recommend?
Hi, I use your buttercream recipe all the time for my cupcakes but I can never get the right amount for my 6" cake to fill, cover and pipe, can you help lease?0
How many cupcakes does this recipe cover?
Could you tell me how much of this cream would be enough for how large a cake?
Please confirm... use half the liquid if making this icing for Russian Tips? And, do you have the recipe instructions written anywhere? I see only the 3 ingredients listed. I tried to write instructions following your narration, yet not sure I caught all the tips. I will need the details when I circle back to make your icing again sometime.  Thanks!
hi I have tried your butter cream a few times but it always curdles when I add the colouring have you any advice thank you
hi Gemma love your videos  what's the best way to add  flavourings other than vanilla   to buttercream and 🙂 do you always cool your cupcakes in the cupcake tin
Does it need to be refrigerated?
Hi there! What would you convert 360 grams icing sugar to when using Australian standard cups? Thank you 🙏🏼
Does anyone know how much of this you would need to make for a 4 layer 8inch cake, for layering and 2 coats on outside?
Why does my buttercream taste so buttery
What is the different about this recipe and those with condensed milk? Going to make cupcakes and piping them for the first time. So I'm totally lost what buttercream to do 🙈
What brand of food coloring do you recommend for buttercream?
Is this recipe enough for a 3 layer 9"cake?
I already tried this buttercream recipe.. but i want to ask why does it turns hard like butter after i put in the refrigerator plus im having a hard time to cut the cake because of the buttercream.. can someone tell me why?? Im really sorry bcauce this is my first time making a cake so i want to know what i have done wrong..
Please give advice on how long we should be mixing before the frosting becomes fluffy, while using a handmixer. Thank you.
Can you also make it without a super fast mixer?
How to make garlic butter ‏ sauces?
I didn’t know the buttercream can get crispy. I was planning on making cupcakes and icing them the night before the party. Would this be okay? Would it need to be refrigerated? Thanks!
What are these measurements in cups for the sugar? And how many sticks of butter?
what is 180 grams of butter equal to in ozs
i found my buttercream is way to sweet. i have noticed i use alot more powered sugar then you but it is also a bigger recipe. any tips to get a buttercream that is not to sweet for people who dont like cakes to sweet
What do i do if my cream is too loose? How do i make it thick again
What’s the room temp
please to add on cake as decorate to cover cake icing thats amount is enough for 22 cm cake?
How do I make buttercream without a kitchen aid mixer? Can I use my vitamin blender or hand immersion blender?
What type of butter do you use?
Can you take a picture of your ingredients.
Is this England butter cream or American
Could you tell me please,  Can I do less the sugar in this butter cream?
Could you use gel colours instead of paste
Hi, I'm new with baking at home. Can you keep the buttercream in refrigerator & for how long? Thank you 🙏
I want to ask something and im really sorry if it is a stupid question since im new to this kind of thing.. if i want to make the buttercream less sweet.. how many grams that i have to reduce?? Is it should be less than the amount of butter or what?? Can somebody tell me??
I want to ask something and im really sorry if it is a stupid question since im new to this kind of thing.. if i want to make the buttercream less sweet.. how many grams that i have to reduce?? Is it should be less than the amount of butter or what?? Can somebody tell me??
How long can you store the unused buttercream and can it be put in the freezer?
Hi Jemma! Tried to make buttercream frosting and it came out very pretty on the cupcakes. The only one thing is that it’s so sweet - not eatable for me. Is there any other frosting I could use for cupcakes which I could colour to? I’ve noticed that Ermine frosting doesn’t combine well with colorant. I used gel. Please help!
The butter should be very cold from refrigerator?
Tnx for this recipe.. can i use it underneath of fondant??
Can i reduce the icing sugar amount added to the butter?
Which is the frosting that keeps it's shape when kept outside on hot days ? Plzz tell🙏🙏
I making your cinnamon toast crunch cupcakes. Can I added a bit of brown sugar & cinnamon to the icing sugar?
If I'm making strawberry buttercream with concentrated strawberry pulp when would I add it in the process?
I only have an electric hand whisk. Would this work? Thanks :)
Can I make this with a hand mixer?
When I make buttercream it’s always got a shine to it, is that normal? What am I doing wrong?
What about if you don’t have a mixer?
is it the same butter cream recipe to cover a layer cake as it is to pipe on cupcakes
It doesn’t spoil for 5 days at room temperature because of the milk??
hi there i have a question, I don’t have any idea why my buttercream taste minty eventhough i didn’t put any mint flavor on it? Is it because of gel food color?
Hi Jemma Great recipe thanks. Is it possible to freeze this buttercream at all and if so how long will it take to defrost the amount in your recipe please? Thanks Diana
Can salted butter be used?
What is the ratio you use here?
what are the ingredients i wanna try it
Hi! Great tutorial...how do you compare it with Swiss Meringue buttercream?
is it ok to use salted butter?
where do you buy your butter from please in the UK
Hi jemma  how much frosting  will  I  need to cover  2 x 10 inch birthday cake  ....
I seem to have a lot of air bubbles in the buttercream when I spread it. Am I over mixing it or should I add a bit more milk ?xxx
So no salt added. Hmm strange ive never heard of a recipe with no salt added. But i tried it and its wonderful! How heat stable is this? Can i substitute half butter for shortening? Will that make it more heat stable?
Hi i love your recipes  Can we use this buttercream for russian nozzle ??
Hi Jemma, how much butter cream do I need to cover a 10" by 8" number three shape cake?  Roughly? I don't have the time to be making a few batches. Thank you. Your videos are so helpful.
Hi my name is Alicia. And im from Guyana i was wondering if I use half pound of butter how many Icein sugar do I have to use?
What kind of mixer are you using here?
Can u use any type of food coloring?
What food colouring you guys using I try so many and colours are very light.
Hi wish to know if I use magarine in place of butter will it give same texture?
Can this be frozen
Hello can i keep the bc at fridge (no color) and give it color only when im gonna use it? Thank you
Thank you ❤️ Is color paste the same with color gel ? ☺️💚
Hi can i use gel food coloring?
Will this amount be enough for filling and decorating for an 8inch cake?
What other butter can be used here in the UK and which icing sugar is best too? Please.
Does anyone know how many layers this will cover?
Thank you for this helpful video! Hmm, may I know how many cupcakes this buttercream can be topped? Thanks a lot!
Does this buttercream hold up well if it sits out? I live in a warmer temp. Looks delicious though!
How much buttercream should I make for a2 tier cake?
If I wanted to make a lemon flavoured buttercream, should I use lemon zest or lemon juice? And how much?
Hi Jemma. How do you find using oil base coloring for buttercream? 😊
Would this be enough frosting for a cake or should I make a double batch?
Is it ok to use salted butter???
How long do you whip the butter for in total?
Isn't it a lot of sugar??I did try adding and it was mixing for about 30 minutes in electronic mixer but the sugar wasn't well mixed and also tasted tooo sweeet
How many cups of frosting does this recipe make? I want to frost a 7 inch 4 layer cake. Will this be enough?
Is overwhipping buttercream possible
How do you keep it from melting,it’s hot here and it melts and looses its shape ty
Thank you for this recipe. I am going to try it for a birthday cake. If you don't have that butter what other types can I use? Can I use non dairy milk, like almond milk as I'm lactose intolerant?
Thanks for this. Also, what about if I wanted it more of a deeper blue? Like a Royal Blue? I added a lot of colouring and ended up with runny buttercream 😭 please help!!!
Hi Jemma, I recently subscribe to ur channel..and startes trying all ur recipes..but i have tried your butter cream recipe 3 times now but everytime i get a runny buttercream which doesnt hold its shape..any suggestions..
Hi, can you please advise about maize powder because here they sold separately, how much gram should I add to the icing mix? Thank you.
Everytime I make buttercream frosting it comes out a bit gritty. It feels like the powdered sugar doesn't incorporate properly. I follow the recipe to the T. What can I do to make it smooth?
Should we beat the butter for 5min on high speed??
How much buttercream do you make for your 4 teired cakes please
Beat butter for 5 minutes... Where do you find this patience? Lol.
I don't have the type of colouring, I only have food colouring so what should I do, do I add different amounts of ingredients?
I'm a bit late to this party but I have a question, san this buttercream be frozen? I'm guessing if it can be frozen it should be done BEFORE adding the milk?
Is this buttercream just for cupcakes or does it crust enough to use on cakes
I really like this recipe however I feel the grains of sugar… I use icing sugar and it is sugar and maize. It whisked for more than 15 min and still feel the grains. Any advise?!? Many thanks!!!!
Can you change to UK butter Jemma?
Does it make a difference if we use a hand mixer instead? Since it doesn’t have a paddle attachment
Why are British and Australian youtubers so much better? Consistently more concise and informative. Is it just less narcissism?
I don’t think I ever tasted buttercream as it should be, so I don’t have a reference. Is it always the case that you feel the icing sugar between your teeth? Just a bit gritty and sandy. Or is it a sign for not incorporating it enough into the butter? Or maybe the icing sugar I used isn’t great for buttercream? Any advice?
Hi Jemma, how much buttercream would I need to fill 8” and 10” three layer sponge, using white chocolate ganache on out side ? Thank you
What is the temprature of the milk?
Hi there, what is  the name of colours ?
What measurement of butter
In order to avoid sugary grains in the frosting, What should we check on the sugar ? It was not clear.
buttercream is becoming grainy. what to do for that?
Would you share which icing sugar brand you use? Ive tried silver spoon, Tate & Lyle, witworths and Aldi’s own they all turn out with a grainy texture :/
Does this recipe crust, it’s also hot right now how stable is this recipe. Thank you.
Is it a boiled milk
Have you ever tried condensed milk buttercream?
What mixer is that. I see it's a Kenwood kmix. Just curious what model
Can you still use this method of getting white buttercream with non-dairy butter? I can't get it to go white. Having allergies sucks sometimes
Hi how long can I keep the buttercream frosting on cupcakes after frosting them. They usually melt, and so my last resort is to keep the cupcakes in the refrigerator.. any tips?
How do I do your buttercream in 3 different flavors from one batch?
Hey  Could you tell me before frosting do we have to cool the buttercream ?  Or after blending use it immediately...
What do i do if my butter is runny instead of firm? I tried to make this and my buttercream turned out soft and kind of sweating. ಥ_ಥ
Hi I would love a vid for Swiss melange buttercream, italian meringue buttercream and whattev3r else
My name is Gemma and I’m a baker why so many Gemma or Jemma bakers!
Is this ok for a wedding cake?
If I was to make a cake buttercream (using your method), then covered in fondant, how long will it keep on counter top.?
Hello, Is there any difference between a paddle or whisk for making buttercream?
How to make light pink butter cam  iceing
Hi what is the difference between using unsalted abs salted butter please
Is it possible to freeze the buttercream? I want to make a huge batch at once and freeze in smaller portions :)
I don’t want the buttercream too sweet though, any tips?
Hi, can I ask why you use the beater instead of the whisk?
My buttercream always cracks/splits when I'm using a mixer, and my mascarpone cheese too...why is that happening?
Halo, why my icing sugar can't melt into buttercream?
Can anyone tell me which powder sugar is best couldn’t understand what she said 🤦🏻‍♀️
Everyone measures by cupcakes but what about for a cake? 😂 I’m a beginner before the beginners. Lol
Can this buttercream use in humid Countries like the Caribbean where it is very hot
Added powder sugar but dunno y there's a lot of sugar granules inside the cream plus its vry sweet...
Hi how many sticks of butter? And how many oz's of sugar please? I don't have a scale and I'm in America.
Does the milk is warm or just room temperature,please?
Hello watching from Philippines. I just want to ask if this butter cream can also be put in a refrigerator for days?
Hi Jemma! I have a question hope you can answer my 1million question that i’ve been struggling to find the answer. I tried your method and your buttercream recipe but in the end my buttercream looks greany, not smooth silky. It’s like the icing sugar was bot dissolved. I put icing sugar in 3 batches, the first batch looks alright nice creamy smooth but after the second and third it’s getting worse. I added milk bit by bit but still not fixed it only made it runny ☹️. Do you know why? Please help. Thank you very much. I really loves your content and always search on your channel to dind some inspiration..
Instead of icing sugar can we use condensed milk for butter cream used under fondant
Hi can you recommend a icing sugar, I’m using silver spoon and the agent is tricalcium phosphate and it does face a kind of Sandy taste
Which whisk or mixer should i buy? I want to start baking with my 2 yr old. Just on weekend. I have no idea about baking. Never baked in my life
Hi Gemma thanks for sharing yr lovely recipes. Can you over beat d buttercream and if so what can you do to change it? Thanks love d simple easy recipes you share .all the way from my twin islands of Trinidad and Tobago beautiful beaches lovely sunshine and friendly ppl like me. Come visit sometime you and yr family. Stay safe also Covid is crazy
Is this is a good recipe of buttercream to use in icing a cake, either crumbcoat under fondant, or just as a finish of the cake?
Can you use whipping cream instead of milk in this recipe?
Is it possible to reduce the amount of sugar to make a 'less sweet' buttercream? Will it affect the final result?
Hi Jemma, how can I stop my cake mix from curdling after I've added the eggs? I've tried adding flour, but it makes no difference!
Can I use this recipe of butter cream to coat my cake? X Btw you’re amazing ❤️
How much buttercream to cover and 8” cake before fondant
Would love to know why my buttercream always gets riddled with air bubbles if I whip it too long??? I use a paddle attachment so it's not that. I whip my butter for 5 mins before I add any icing sugar, once I add the icing sugar and whip it a while it's just full of air holes and not smooth at all. So frustrating
How about halving the ingredients?
Hi I have been doing everything as on the video, but still found that I could feel small grains of icing sugar in my butter cream. Should I try to beat it even longer than 5min with the sugar to help it melt?
Why does my buttercream always go soupy? Could it be because I use 59% fat content 🤔?
How do you stop the eggs from curdling?
Hello 😊.. thank u very much for ur recipe . I will definitely try . But does the buttercream do melt in room temperature ? Outside the fridge I could say and if it is doing hot here like in summer ..  Thanks 😊
What if one doesnt have mixer?😎
Can I freeze and use my buttercream later?
I don’t have that attachment on my mixer :( can I just use a whisk?
Great video...TY!!!  In the future, USA needs break down of grams lol.  How do I use this frosting and smooth it out so i can do a mirror glaze drizzled over it?  Making it 3/18/21, hope you can help me.  ty
Can you make video about how to handle and use piping bag and nozzles
What kind of buttercream is this?
Hi Jemma. What brand of icing sugar have you used in this video please?
How long would this buttercream Last and would you store in the fridge?
What if the buttercream gets little more softer than the perfect consistency?is there any last minute ways to make it little thicker?
Hi, I need to make 2x 8 inch cakes each with 2 tiers. I will be putting buttercream in each layer and covering the whole cake with buttercream. What quantity of butter and icing sugar do I need please? Thanks xXx
Can you use this to make buttercream flowers? Or do you have a different link for that? Thanks!
How much would i need for an 8 inch 2 layer cake??
can this be used in flower icinggg?
Where is the best place to get gel rainbow colours from.please?
How much frosting will this recipe make? In cups
has anyone added strawberries to make a pink strawberry buttercream?
Do you HAVE to put vanilla in the milk?
How much is 340 grams of powdered sugar, how many cups is that? Does anybody know?
Is this recipe enough to cover a 7 inch cake with 4 layers ?
Will it still be ok if do half and half margarine and butter?
Hi Jemma! I was wondering with the butter is that measure before its soft or after? I don't know if that makes a difference and also with the confectionary sugar measured before or after sifting? Thanks
How much buttercream would I need for a cake, to crumb coat and the final layer too?
I've been using utterly butterly is that ok or do I need real butter??? Xx
will this be enough buttercream to ice a 4 inch cake (3 layers)?
What if i want to use this recipe for chocolate buttercream? how much chocolate or cocoa to add? and at which point?
Hi Jemma, thanks for the great videos, they have been a huge help.  No matter how I try I follow your instructions to a t but it is still grainy, what icing sugar would you recommend please, thank you
Hi I accidentally bought royal icing sugar instead of icing sugar so can I make buttercream with royal icing sugar ??
Can I use this to make roses? Will it stand up firm?
Hi can i use condensed milk instead of icing sugar?Also can it be freezed for future use?
Hi i used your recipe it so yummy but why when i spread it in cake it had a lot of bubbles and i couldn't spread it in the cake to make it smoothly what am i doing wrong
Can I use this recipe for a cake ( you know those korean minimalist cakes :D ) ?
If we don't have a mixer, can we use a hand mixer?
You talked about liquid and gel/paste food coloring, but what about powdered food coloring? I've made cakes for family member's birthdays but my buttercream always turns out weird and doesn't hold it's shape no matter how much frosting I put. My birthday's soon and I really want good buttercream this time. I live in a little of a hotter climate, so maybe that's why?
I want to make orange flavour icing can I put juice from an orange.
What ratio of this recipe do you recommend for a cake. Crumb coat and the second layer as well
I'm using this recipe for an 8" 4 layered cake. And I have no idea how much buttercream I need... The recipe is for 12 cupcakes.. but don't know how much I need for layers, crumb coat and to cover it fully with buttercream.. any help??
In place of icing sugar can we use sugar substitutes which are available in powdered form.
Is this the buttercreme used on her cakes?  I want to try a new recipe... :D
Instead of whole milk, can we add in heavy whipping cream?
Will this quantity of buttercream be enough for a 6 inch cake which is 4 inch high?
Would this recipe be enough for a dozen cupcakes?
hey was wondering if anyone can help ive made this many many times to try and get it right but half the time it turns into this wet sand texture, i started baking using italian meraingue buttercream but i just cant seem to get this right for cupcakes
Where and how can I keep buttercream and how long does it expire?
does the buttercream easily melt oce they're on the cake?
how much my cake should measure to be completely covered with this?
What about some buttercream perfect for covering cakes? I found often buttercream that was using to cover cakes was going soft and runny any good recipe?
How long can we store butter cream batch?
can we use gel colour???
I urgently need to make lemon buttercream filling - can I use this recipe  and leave out the milk?
Can we store this butter cream in refrigerator?
Would this be ok for covering a layer cake please? These videos are amazing btw. Thank you so much
How about a pinch of salt?  I've  read recipes that include it.
The most problem i have is even after all this :( my buttercream goes hard especially when I put it on my cake over night it goes hard any tips? Because whenever I buy cakes it stays soft for atleast two days please help :(
Hi, how long can you keep the buttercream?  And will it melt on the cake ?
Can you store the butter cream at room temp in a hot country? Will it melt?
Hi Jemma, is there a certain brand of icing sugar you would recommend? Thanks 😁🥰
Can we use caster sugar for buttercream?
What whole milk do you use
Thanks for the video, great! Can I ask why my buttercream has alot of air bubbles in it?  Whipped too much or temperature of butter, not good for icing my cake. Z
How can I make butter cram for flooding Christmas cookies?
will i need to double this to make a 3 layer 7 inch cake?
Please help! Can this buttercream be used under fondant?
If I want to make chocolate frosting, at what step do I add the cocoa powder?
Just a quick question I want to use butter cream on a wedding cake will it melt off if it’s a hot day
I tried to make it today. But mine had a weird kinda powdery texture. Eventhough I beat the butter and sugar together for like 3 mins, and then 3 mins again (basically in 2 batches, so about 5 mins in total).. Can anyone please let me know why that happened?
I only have a hand mixer, is it possible to make perfect buttercream like this ?
Hi why did u use the beater attatchement  thanks
hi!! is there something else i can use for the unsalted butter so its non dairy
Who will God use to gift me a mixer like this?? It's Christmas, show me some love, cause as a baker it's hard baking without a mixer especially when I want to do a vanilla cake.. anyone please? +234 7030633102 Victoria.. you can call me or add me on what's app. Gracias
Can this be made with a hand mixer just as well?
Hi! Can you make a video of caramel cake using this buttercream? Or chiffon cake? Thanks.
Can I Add Nutella in it?? 😅
Hi jeyma, we have been watching you for quite a sometime now. We was wondering how is the measurement if we use 250g butter?
Why does it taste so sweet? Is that normal for cupcake frosting? Can anyone familiar with cupcakes answer please...
Can I use margarine instead of butter?
Can i add milk powder to this recipe reducing icing sugar ?
Is this for piping flowers or covering a cake? X
Is this the recipe you put on the borders of the layers or should i add more sugar ? And if so how much ?
What is the measurement for 12 cupcakes?
Can i cover the entire cake with buttercream and decorat it also with the buttercream without problems
Doss this recipe work without using a mixer/hand mixer, can I do it using a wooden spoon or something else?
Why aren't u getting any clouds off the icing sugar when your tipping it in
How many is a dozen? Love this video! ♡
I made the recipe however I used a hand held mixer. I have sooo many air bubbles in the buttercream. What am I doing wrong? Thanks
Hi is this stable enough to hold the decorations on a hot weather? I would love to do this but I am worried about it melting on the cupcake. Hope you could answer my question. 🙏😊
Love your recipes 💕💕💕can we use home made powdered sugar for this recipe? Thank you😊
how long i can use buttercream frosting?
Hi how much icing sugar and milk should I put in 250g of butter please let me know Thanks a lot. Love your videos always enjoy a lot. Thanks 😊
Overnight to bring butter to room temperature?😅 I live in India and it comes to room temperature in about 30-40 mins
so buttercream does not need to be refrigerated?
Can I use this recipe for decorating cake?
I need more buttercream so i can double it??
Hey love your videos!! Is it possible to colour buttercream with powdered food colouring?? Thank you xx
Can i beat the butter using whisk hook or regular hook? Bcs i tried using paddle hook before, and after few minutes, the paddle hook didnt even touch the butter 😅 i wonder if the butter was too little compare to the size of my stand mixer, or just my mixer being weird....
What if i use salted butter? Will it alter the consistency of my buttercream?
Can i use caster sugar instead of icing sugar?
How to cream cheese make cupcakes icing?
I have a question—do you recommend using a hand mixer or a conventional mixer? Every time i try to make butter cream with a hand mixer i am not getting the consistency i want. It comes out like a paste—sorry beginner here
What if we use normal salted butter... does the recipe change???
Is lurpak a good butter for buttercream
Is powdered sugar okay instead of icing sugar?
Can you freeze buttercream?
Hi can you please share how much would be the ratio of butter and icing sugar enough to make a barbie doll cake
do anyone know how many cupcakes this will ice????
Can i put the remaining frosting inside the ref?
Well if you use liquid colouring doesn’t that just mean less milk 🤷‍♀️
Where do I find this written?
Confused about the suggestion that icing sugar with maize starch rather than tricalcium  phosphate makes less grainy buttercream as everything I’ve read suggests entirely the opposite 🤔
Can I do this with a hand mixer?
I use your recipe but my buttercream is alwayzzzzzzzzzzz GRAINY 😭😭😭😭 ODK why
I dear, I made this fantastic buttercream but I find a lot of hair inside so was difficult to cover my cake. H ow to avoid this what am I wrong?
Is it possible to lower the sugar content for the buttercream?
Is it necessary to incorporate Vegetable shortening to get firm icing for making flowers?
Can the buttercream icing keep at room temperature in an airtight container for 5 days (as Jemma said) in a hot tropical climate country?
Can we use mixy inplace of this machine for making whipped cream
Thank you Jemma for this amazing recipe. I used the Tate&Lyle icing sugar and the texture wasn’t as silky as I would have liked. Could you specify which icing sugar and which butter you used for this recipe? Also at what blender speed should I be running to soften the butter initially and then to whip once the sugar has been added?
can we make this frosting a day before? or we need to use the frosting as soon as we make it?
We don't get pastes in South Africa. Would gel colours work?
How should I add flavoring ? Can I add ground dried berries or fruits ?
can i use salted butter instead of unsalted?
Does it make a difference if the milk is cold? Or should it kinda be room temperature as well?
which brand of icing sugar did you use?
Hi Jemma can u pls show us how to  make a Swiss meringue butter cream in different colours? Thank u
Hi there would like to know as to where I can get the food colouring ur using thanks ?
How much kg cake can it cover?
If I was cake icing for weep cream.. and then I can use buttercream ? Means only for decorating ... ???
Could you please prompt  me to your video with how you prepare the cupcakes? Thanks.
Will gel food coloring work and not change the consistancy?
How many cupcakes can you use this batch of buttercream for?
Mine came out a bit runny, any tips on how I can get it thicker again?
Can I use low fat butter?
Hello! (Mexican here) I have a question: Is paste color the same as gel color ? Thank you so much for showing all your knowledge!
Please can you tell me the best nozzles ro have
I want to ask..that how much colour i can use in baking  cake ??
Should I use baking soda?
Why buttercream frosting is so sweet? In India , people hardly like buttercream because of extreme sweet ness. Can u suggest what to use to cut down the sweetness in this frosting. I am a baker
How many days lasts the buttercream refrigerated ?
Can you please tell me again what type of powdered sugar you use?  Thank you!
Do you use the same recipe for piping flowers 😃😃
I haven't tried buttercream. There's milk in it, won't it spoil if left in room temperature for a day?
Can anyone help please with buttercream measurements for icing an 8in cake using this recipe?
Can I use hand mixer instead?
Hiya I've followed your receipe and when I ice my cake my buttercream seems to go into bubbles when scraping off excess.?? Thanks in advance
Has anybody that has made this know if it’s too sweet?? All the buttercream recipes come out waaay too sweet and so instead I have stuck with cream cheese frosting. I would however like to find a buttercream frosting recipe I would actually enjoy
The highest fat butter I can find locally is only 35% will the icing still turn out okay?
Can I use margerine instead of butter?
I really love your videos on cakes. There is this one thing that I can't understand,  in my place of practice I was told buttercream cakes are only put in the frigde only after crumb coating so as for it to set before the finally frosting and after which its not good to put back in the fridge else the buttercream will come melting once its out of the fridge. So why then in most cake tutorials including yours I have seen buttercream cakes go in and out of the fridge without fear of melting even after hours. Or was I misinformed?? Thanks.🙏💃
Is there a way to color it blue without using artificial food dye? Its my birthday in a week and I NEED blue.
How does one reduce the butter taste
Am I the only one who constantly fails at making frosting like it’s frustrating at this point
Is this stable buttercream
Hi Jemma, is this a crusting buttercream? x x
I've never made buttercream before and this is for my son's birthday cake. Trying to convert the grams but everything I find is different numbers. What is accurate??
Hi Jemma’s and Sal, I am making a 4 layer birthday cake this week and want to use this buttercream recipe. Do you think I’ll need to double or triple the quantity for 4 layers? It’s not clear how many cakes this recipe would work for. Sally M
Hi Jemma,  I live in Miami, Florida and it is so hot here.  I have a question for you... I want to make buttercream but I am afraid that it will be too soft and won't hold.  Do you think I should use half butter and half icing shortening or stick with just butter?
I tried your recipe it came out good but while tasting it I can still feel the icing sugar. What is going wrong with it? Can you help me with it? Thank you
Where could I find your recipe for your buttercream icing? I tried a recipe but it didn't turn out. It asked for heavy cream which I had to make and it was a mess. Yours turned out beautifully
No need shortening?
Is this the recipe you use for your cakes? 😊
Hello. If i apply this buttercream on cake, how long last it on room temperature? Or i have to save the cake on chiller? Thank you
Weigh dry ingredients before or after sifting?
Can I do with hand mixer and in what speed should I do?
Hi all at C&D  So glad you are all back in action. Need some advice. What is the best sponge recipe for a semi-naked cake!!!!?  Can you offer me any help. Have tried several without success.Follow you guys all the time and have had great results for my family cakes. My lovely friend has asked me to make their wedding cake and she wants semi-naked frosting. The wedding was cancelled for this year and is planned for next year. IN FRANCE!!!!!! So have carefully planned journey by ferry and road.10 hours. Going to be a nail biting trip.  XX
For how long can we store it in the fridge?
Is it ok to use 35% whipping cream instead?
Can i use it for crumbcoating?
What colours you can use to get gold colouring
Can this be done with a hand mixer? My mixer doesn’t have the attachment that you are using.
may I ask what brand of icing sugar does actually not contain tricalcium phosphate? I was looking for that here in Germany and it seems like all of them do? so maybe I can get hold of a British brand to try the difference. appreciate any recommendations!
Can i change the milk with water?
Why does my buttercream so grainy even if im using icing sugar?😞
What milk did you used??
Can i whip The Butter if i'm going to make Swiss merengue buttercream?
What about making it more heat tolerant? Especially for summer bakes.
Where do you get the color paste from?
Can i use powdered sugar?
How to avoid grainy butter cream
Will this suffice for a 3 layer cake?
What is the alternative of icing sugar? Can I use our regular powdered sugar ?
Some prefer salted butter some use unsalted . Does it make a considerable difference?
Do I have to multiply this recipe by 4 for 3 tier cake? Somebody help me please,my birthday is this Saturday 🙏
Hii Gemma im a big fan of urs! Hope ur son is doing fine...Gemma can u plz tell me to cover n do some design for 2 -7" cake how much buttercream ingredients i shud use plzzz
in place of the mixer can i use a blender?
can you teach how did you di this perfect eyeliner ?
How to keep cream ?
Am I the only one who rlly wants to visit 'Crumbs & Doilies' after Jemma's videos?
Can I use spreadable butter ( margarine) to make this? Thank you
Hello, your videos are great! Can you please give butter cream recipe measurements for 6 and 8 inch cakes?
Hello! I would like to know if I use almond milk, is it the same measurements as whole milk?
Hello. Can i keep the buttercream on chiller? & for how long? Thank you.
What happens if you use margarine instead if butter
How do I beat the butter if I dont have a mixer
is there a place where one can find written directions and ingredients?
My butter cream is always soo runny idk why kindly help me I use same chilled container as its too hot in my area even i keep my frosting in fridge to harden but it doesn’t work too
Hi I’m in a India it’s a super hot country like we’re touching 45-46°C during summer so how do I store my buttercream?
God why are editors still thinking the whistle background music is ok
Is it just me or does she remind everyone of spencer and her twin Alex from ppl
Can we use salted butter??
Can I use colouring gels instead of the Paste or would it change the consistency
How can you store this buttercream and then reuse it
Is it possible to add matcha powder on butter cream frosting?
not using icing sugar,is that ok?
Can make it with less sugar? Will less sugar make it loose it’s firmness?
Can u make Mickey Mouse cake for boy’s birthday
Dear Jemma! What do I wrong? My buttercream is t silky, a little bit crunchy 😔 i use 80% butter,. Please Give me ideas what can i do for a silky buttercream. Thank you.
Can we freeze butter cream??
Can we put in chiller after done piping buttercream?
Can buttercream be used for a layered cake?
Can blender be used in this case?
I just wanna ask why my butter and icing sugar not mix smoothly ?
Hello does the mixing bowl have to be cold in order for it to work?
Can oil based food coloring be used instead of paste? Or will it also change the consistency of the buttercream?
How do 2000+ people downvote buttercream?
how long will it take to melt
How about when you ice a cake or cupcakes ? Can the butter cream still be good left at room temperature on a cake
Found this the other week to use my new piping nozzles with - best buttercream I have EVER made.  One question - can you keep the buttercream in the fridge once made and if so do you need to rewhip it?
What will be the ratio of butter and sugar for making buttercream? Do we need to add egg to make buttercream
Hey! I am making a cake for my mums birthday and it’s gonna be a 10 inch cake, I’m gonna be covering the outside with buttercream/frosting how much should I make to cover a cake that size? Love your videos learning so much x
Does anybody else have the problem that their buttercream is full of air bubbles when trying to ice a layer cake? Any tips how to avoid this? Thank you.
Can this buttercream be stored in the refrigerator?
Whenever I make buttercream for some reason and whip the butter for a long time it becomes too soft and the example of too soft butter that Jemma showed before, does anyone know how to stop this?
What can I substitute if I don't have unsalted butter...thx...😊
Can you use margarine instead of butter?
Please what Colour paste are you using
Hi Jemma,wondering if your icing sugar is what we call “pure icing sugar” or an icing sugar mixture which in Australia is a soft icing sugar.Im attempting a wedding cake in a couple of months and have a request for buttercream frosting.Thanks for any advice.😀
Hi jemma can you teach me how to make a perfect butter cream for hot weather so that it will not melt when i put it on my cupcake 🙂 thank you.
How many cupcakes can this recipe be used for? X
Can we use salted butter?
how many servings  does this make?
Is 80% of fatty butter appropriate?
Can you please  make a video on coloring mixing and even how to mix normal colors to get pastel colors????
Can you make this buttercream by hand
Hi Jemma and guys. Any advice what brand of unsalted butter should I use? I tried normal lidl and tesco brand, but after 5 mins it is never so white as in this video.  I love baking but I'm stucked on perfect buttercream .😏☹🧁 Please help. Thanks all.
Hi Jemma, I love your recipes.. I recenlty made a basic vanilla cake with your buttercream .. but my buttercream was still yellow, and bit thick.. and i even felt sugar graininess in it .. Can you suggest how i can improve on these ?
How can it stay at room temperature for 5 days after you make it when there is milk In it?  Looks amazing though and excited to try it.
how to make it less sweet?
Can I please have the recipe for your buttercream and your Swiss buttercream?
We made your buttercream but added to much milk and it went to runny so how do you make it thicker from there
Can i use evaporated milk instead of whole milk????
Where do I find the actual recipe?
Question, is this enough to frost a 3-layer 8 inch cake? Thank you for answering 😁
how does this compare to swiss buttercream for cakes? I' so use to using swiss but i hate how hard it is for me to color it
e think of how she would look without bangs
Are there other options to soften butter ?
How does one reduce the taste of the butter because that's the reason most people I've met don't like buttercream
how can we make it in chocolate  flavor
if you were to make biscoff buttercream, how much would you need and would you add it with the milk or after like the colouring?
Can you show us without a mixer
i dont know why my cream were very sweet and  clumsy for icing sugar did not completely dissolve. I have whipped it for 5 to 10 mins, it looked ok but the taste isnt. Did i mess up at any steps?
Okay need a bit of help here. Firstly we only get salted butter so can I make buttercream with it? Or will it taste bad? Secondly do you have to buy icing sugar or can you just powder normal sugar and use it?
Which colouring did you use ?
Can i use this buttercream icing to do a crum coat on a cake ?? Please reply!
How much would i need to cover a 10” cake x4 slices of cake ?
Hello am loving all ur videos...... I thought i heard u say you're in soho ? Is this manhattan if so do u give classes?
Can we make a chocolate / coffe favour buttercream.?
What brand icing sugar that doesn’t use calcium phosphates and where can I get 25kg bags from?
hello! tried out this recipe earlier today and it tasted amazing. however one thing was that it melted too quickly, right after i took it out from the freezer. wondering if it has got to do with the hot and humid weather here in Singapore? or any advice to help me get a fluffier buttercream that can stay? thank you!
Can you use a hand mixer to make this?
What brand of icing sugar is ideal for a beginner
Mam , please tell us what is the name of colour ingredients you used it ?
What food colouring do you use??
is gel icing color basically color paste?
What is icing sugar?
Hi Gemma, I’m starting on the world of decorating cakes but we are trying to do low sugar things as possible. Any ideas what is the minimum sugar it can be use for the butter cream but good enough to hold even the Russian piping? ( saw your video earlier on the Russian piping I’m super excited to give it a go). Thank you
I'm new to your channel. Is this a American buttercream?
Is it possible to over mix the buttercream?
How many cups of frosting does this make?
I want to make strawberry buttercream frosting. Can i replace the milk with strawberry jam? Or mix both of them?
can u use caramel extract please respond i need to know
milk need to be room tempature? Thank you!
Hi Jemma,  thank you for sharing.  are you using this buttercream to frost a whole cake not just cupcake?
Hello, what is the substitute for icing sugar?
If I wanted to put in cocoa powder,  how much to I have to put in and do I have to mix it with milk as well?
would you use this buttercream to cover a cake? x
I am sarah Doak am looking for some tips for our Asdan craft baking group I well pass on to our expert Joanne provan
Maybe a bit of a stupid question but do you always add vanilla extract even if your going to be doing different flavours?  Or do you only add the flavour that you want it to be ? Thanks in advance!
am I the only one that thinks Jemma looks like she could be related to Victoria from it's me or the dog?
Can you make butter cream without mixer and it'll be white?
Hey Jemma, I don't have access to unsalted butter right now, only salted, so what can I do?
Can't we use salted butter?
Is it ok to use granulated sugar?
I tried to see if someone asked this question but didn’t find it. What if you use salted butter instead of unsalted?
Can we replace icing sugar by powered sugar?
i love your work but can you us U.S measurements or leave ingredients
If I want to use 1 lb butter what would be the measurements for the other stuff
Is anyone else watching this during coronavirus just trying to do something to pass time
R u da real cupcake Jemma? We scared of u a liitle ur deep voice is scary but ur vids are amazing we r now buttercream experts thx to U thank you for everything jemma. Also why is ur name not jenna
Is icing sugar the same as powdered sugar? Please help
Hi! Does this buttercream crust? When I make it from scratch and then go to eat the cupcakes I’ve iced a few hrs later it’s had this crusty coating, is there a way to stop that? Also I see you don’t add salt to cut the taste of the sugar why is that? Does the salt make it crust?
Can I add melted chocolate or powder instead of vanilla extract ? If not what can I use instead ? Thsnkyou
Does it matter what kind of mixer I use? Can a hand mixer create the same consistency?
Hi .. not sure why i follow the step but i can feel grainy to my buttercream . can you please help ?
Can you over mix buttercream?
I can never make buttercream in my electric mixer. It just pushes the butter to the bottom of the bowl and then mixes nothing. Is it because my butter is too soft? Can only seem to make buttercream when using hand mixer
Hi! Everytime i make butter cream frosting it becomes all separated and weird. But it all happens when i add the milk. Why is that?  Can i opt out the milk? (I live in sri lanka which is a tropical country with a temp of 35 Celsius
hi...can we use salted butter as due to lockdown we are unable to get unsalted butter??...Will the change in taste be noticeable??
Is it possibpe to do  100gm butter and 50 gm cream cheese to balance the sweetnes?
How much confectioner sugar is needed of 250g of butter??
Can you used this same buttercream for piping?
I need suggestion as I cant find the gel or paste colours so if I use the liquid how much  can I add them so it doesnt get runny
if its during summer, do I keep the butter cream in an airtight container and put it in the fridge?
I’ve been working mine for 30 mins now and it’s still not white. What else can I do?
How many cupakes to do these measurements cater for?
Hi mam i have a question can we add pink rose petal powder into the buttercream instead of colour liquid because I make my own rose petal powder at home can I utilise it
In this butter cream I use dry food colours r not?
Is it stable enough to hold it's shape while travelling the cake to the venue? I'm living in PH so its quite humid here. Thank you!
What are the ingredients in cups? I tried searching it up but i couldnt get proper results.
Hi, loved the video and enjoyed baking. But one question please, the buttercream that I made using this recipe was a little grainy. What could have been the problem, any guidance on that please? I am a beginner at baking.
nothing to do with this but what is the difference between baking powder, baking soda and bicarbonate of soda
I made buttercream and was ok piping until I tried to use the russian rips and didn't hold shape too well. What do i do?
Can we mix by hand??
My buttercream is very soft . Why is that?
When it’s in a container does it need to be put in fridge or left out?
How many sticks of butter is needed to make frosting for 3 layers 6 inch cake?
I feel sugar crunch.... Do I need to beat more...????
Hey is it possible to use a hand mixer instead of the stand mixer for this buttercream recipe?
can you make royal icing Jemma? Thanks.
How fast should the mixer be running?
Hi i love watching your videos, can you please tell me where can i buy this food colours,if you can please help me with link thanks keep it up all the good work 😊
How much cupcake mixture do we put in the cases mine always over flows out
Hi jemma.. can you just suggest a method to sustain the consistency of buttercream in a tropical country.. I'm in Sri Lanka and the butter cream is melting like nothing even if we add little liquid. Please suggest a method.
Is there anyway to lower the sweetness in your recipes? They are so easy but super sweet.
For how long can it be stored  if there’s still balance in it ..... and should we store it in fridge or room temperature
How about Italian and swiss meringue buttercream.
Perfect!!! Thank you so much . I was wondering if this buttercream will crust to co we it with fondant ?
Can anyone tell how many tbs it would be of 340 g of sugar? PLEASE
Love the video, what other butter could you recommend if I can’t get hold of the one you use please for buttercream?
Can this be use for cake as well ?
Will my butter cream be white without adding the milk?
How many days it can store??
Where can I get exactly this better plz
how much buttercream we have with this recipe ?
Does anyone have the measurements in cups?
What if you want a different taste, say strawberry? How do you do that? Do you add some strawberry jam to it?
Can we use powder sugar instead of icing sugar
Does caramel count as a liquid if I want to make caramel buttercream?
Can you please write down the type of powder sugar you mentioned in the video?  The ones I use always turn out to be grainy.Thanks
How can I make chocolate butter cream?  Do I just add cocoa to the dry ingredients?
Do you have to keep your cakes refrigerated since there is milk in the buttercream?
Does anyone know which color paste brand Jemma uses?
what brand of color paste do you use?
what speed do you beat the butter for 5 minutes? Does it matter!
What are the proportions if you wanted to fill and decorate a 20 cm cake of 3 layers?
After using buttercream in the cake can u keep it in the fridge for up to 6 hrs....
My butter cream texture was gritty.  Why?
Can you use a hand mixer???
Hello! I’m from Singapore and it’s always sunny all year. May I know what you meant by whole milk? Do you mean full cream milk?
Who is here in quarantine? Just passing some time?
for hot countries, how are we going to store this  buttercream?
Do you refrigerate before using on cake?
Would this be enough buttercream for a 4 tier 10” cake?
Can this buttercream be used for painting cakes ?
Hello Jemma, so,I tried this recipe, the taste came out gr8 but the consistency wasn’t there. The buttercream came out liquidy and not fluffy. I believe I had the right consistency of the butter(not to soft or hard, squeezable and it was holding its shape). My question is I have a old school blender, it’s  an enclosed one, and your device is a mixture and open to air. Does using a different gadget make a difference in the outcome?  Because in your video after you had mixed the butter for 5 minutes, you mentioned letting it get some ‘air’, what exactly do you mean?
Please share with me your recipe? Thank you
I want to make a 4 tier 8" chocolate cake following your receipe and fill with choc buttercream how much buttercream do I need to make, this recipe is 12 cupcakes but not sure for a cake?
Should we use hand blender for making butter cream? 😅
How to not get the butter smell
I tried making this and everytime it goes grainy after I add the milk and vanilla extract . What am I doing wrong?
What stand mixer are you using here ??
where did you get that pretty pink spoonula?!
can i use regular sugar instead of powdered sugar?
What type of brand of confectioner's sugar do you suggest I use?
How much is 150 grams on tbsp
can you keep it in the fridge for longer and will it ruin the texture?
If you were to hand mix all this would it turn out the same?
How do you make buttercream icing
What is the right temperature of the refrigerator to store the buttercream frosting cake so it doesn't freeze? because I have tried making buttercream but it always freezes in the fridge :( help me pls
How old are you
Is your buttercream heat proof,meaning can it stay outside for 1 or  2 hours
Great video..  I have a question  What is the difference if we added  Condensed milk instead of licing sugar?  Thank you.
is it normal to slightly feel the powdered sugar in it when you eat it? the city i live in is kinda warm too so It doesn't help! like I can't feel the sugar but like ever so slightly can? like it' snot like just regular cream. tho my stepsister insisted in making it on the runny side despite me saying it won't turn out well xD maybe that's why
Can i use this buttercream for dedication on a cake?
Can this be used for covering the cakes as well?
Can you use evaporated milk instead?
how many cupcakes does this recipe ice.. thanks
Plz...hlp mam....how to make vegan american buttercream....which can be store for a year...n can used directly when needed
What do I do if the food colouring keeps splitting from the buttercream?
Hi Jemma, not sure if you'll see this, but if I were to make raspberry buttercream, am I supposed to be mixing raspberry goo instead of the milk to loosen it up? Or is freeze dried raspberry the best way to go? Thanks 😘
Have you done an Italian butter cream recipe?
I got a crunchy taste of the sugar... What could b d reason?
Hi Jemma i live in the  caribbean and i normally do make sales outdoor and was wondering if the frosting will run?
Can u tell us the recipe in cups not grams
I need how to measure by cups.
How much buttercream icing will I need to fill and crumb coat an 8" cake?
Would this buttercream be good to use with macaroons?
Can you use lemon curd instead of milk?
After I make the buttercream can I pipe it directly? Or does it have to sit in the fridge or sth?
I had a question. I have seen in other butter cream videos they added cream instead of milk is that ok?
Can you whip it for too long? Will that be a problem?
How do I prevent the bettercream from melting especially when delivering the cupcakes to places which are 1.5 hours from my location?
What is the oreo cream made out of and can you replicate it?  Maybe ice a cake with?
Is this Italian butter cream?
Can I put the left over in the refrigerator? And how to use it back again? Thank you.
JEMMAAAAAA!!! I’ve just started doing cupcakes with my son as a little hobby for him. How long does the piped icing stay soft for ? And is it normal for it to harden up once it’s on the cupcake ? Can I prolong it to make it stay softer longer ? Please help xx
Has anyone used this as chocolate butter cream or added chocolate?  Thanks in advance
Is that enough to ice a 2 layer 8 inch cake. Loved the video
I loved the recipe  But please can you also suggest how to color white chocolate. Actually I tried but it thickens and turned like a stone It would be very helpful if you reply.
Can you add lesser powdersuger because it's a little sweet for me.
I found this to be too sugary for my taste is there a trick to reducing the sugar by certain amounts and do you have to correspondingly reduce the other ingredients?
Please... what kind of powdered sugar do i have to look for....you are talking so fast I only got sulfate...🤭 I definatly do not like grainy buttercream, so please tel me.
Does this frosting work on Russian tips?
Is the milk really necessary?  Or we can just skip it if the coloring is liquid already
What kind of mixer do you have?  It’s a kenwood right?  I just bought a mixer but the paddle doesn’t beat the bottom inch and a bit of the bowl so my butter isn’t getting picked up
Hi Jemma Any tips if instead of a stand mixer, we’re using a hand mixer or dare I say it, a spatula? I don’t have a stand mixer.
I know this video is about cooking .. but pls can I know what's the brand and type of your Mascara and eyeliner?
Why do I feel like she's a rude person irl?😂
@5:04 it is yellow buttercream, but at @5:07 it is white?  With nothing added?  Sorry, don't believe it. Your videos are normally good, but even with more than "a couple of minutes' beating" you cannot change colour that much.  @5:33 still white, @5:37 yellow again, @5:45 white again?  Weird.
In 3:10, what kind of powdered sugar is best used?
Chef Jemma, I didnt get your notes/tips to remember what to choose powdered sugar?
How many teaspoons if I use rose water maybe 1/2tsp?
Do you have an online shop where I can does gel colors? Too expensive here in Japan . Each color is 10dollars (980¥)
I made this last night but I live in Florida and it was already to the right consistency so I didn't add milk.  Is that ok?
Hi mam I need Ur's help can't u tell me the ingredients to make butter cream
Hi Jemma, can you freeze this buttercream?
Hi Jemma! I love your videos, and really appreciate your explanations! I have made your buttercream several times now! It is incredibly fluffy and smooth! I do have a question for you... mine seems to get a lot of large air holes that make it difficult to use for frosting a cake with a smooth finish. Any advice for eliminating the air holes in the buttercream? I have an electric stand mixer that I use. Thanks in advance!!!
How can i get contacted to you? I need to learn more
Is the cocoa powder unsweetened?
Hi Jemma, regarding the icing sugar, my buttercream has been grainy and so I loved your suggestion for using an icing sugar with Maisie starch but since seeing your tutorial I have looked up about the Maisie starch and lots I have read says it's the Maisie starch in the icing sugar that makes the buttercream go grainy!!!! So I am totally confused, do you still stick by what you said in this tutorial and if so what make of icing sugar do you actually use at Crumbs and Dollies please? Thank you for all your help with soooooo many things. Kim xxxxx
What about gels for coloring?
Milk raw or boil
Is this the buttercream used for the unicorn cake?
Hey Jemma what brand of coloring do you recommend? I'm looking for good quality for my buttercream to make for my husband. Thanks!
I live in a country with a hot climate and my buttercream icing always melts almost immediately. How can I make it not melt so quickly?
Is this enough to ice a 4 layer 8” cake? Or should I double the amount?
Hi Jemma, I can’t find your vanilla buttercream video, I would like to use a white cream for a rustic style wedding cake!  I use your Madeira cake as a base would adding lemon to this work or do I need to use lemon syrup?  Great job! X
Hi Ms. Jemma. I only have liquid base food color. What should I do to keep it stable? :(
Hi Jemma! My buttercream is too grainy.. you feel the sugar on your tongue while eating 😩 please can you tell me how i can fix this?
If I'm using strawberry extract, how much do you recommend I use?
For how many cupcakes is this frosting?
hi Jemma...you said 5 days @ room temp...but is it okay if  I will put them in fridge...?then how many days..? Thank you...
Do you eat the cake with this cream from fridge or at room temprature?
Can you also use a hand mixer?
The icing sugar I have uses Australian sugar cane and tapioca starch is that alright to use or should I get a different brand ?
What to add to make a chocolate butter cream in this recipe?
Is this gluten free?
is it okay to use salted butter?
Quick question I'm making a red velvet double layer cake with a square baking pan at 9"  How much butter and sugar would you recommend
How long can I store it ?
Hello   My question is that I don't find 82% butter . Here I found mostly 70 to 75% of it. So what will be the change in recipe or in method to process
Pls how do I download this...
How much buttercream for fill and cover a 12" round cake
Hi Jemma, Can you please suggest? My buttercream doesn't look smooth and silky and tastes too sweet.
can i use sugar white?
My frosting was curdled. What should I do?
We have your book now and made the vanilla cupcakes today. I noticed you add more sugar than the standard 1-2 ratio I have used before. Is the extra sugar to benefit taste or texture ?  Our cakes did turn out lovely and light and rose really well, thanks.
How do U make sure it doesn't separate after all that whipping? I always struggle with that.
Is this the same recipe of the buttercream you use on your cupcakes in the shop? Been there today... oh my it’s delicious!!  I normally don’t like buttercream, I bake and decorate cupcakes for others and scrape it off the ones I eat... but after trying yours today I completely changed my mind! Thank you
Is this recipe enough to do a fault line cake or should it be doubled? Thanks for your tutorials and tips.
My butter cream is too sweet any tips on how to cut down on the sweetness? One tip was to add salt I was told.
Do I need a stand mixer for this? I have an electric whisk but my buttercream always splits
Where can I buy the French butter?
Hi I am in Africa/Senegal, need to know how to prevent the buttercream to melt, I have an event outdoors, no AC no Frigo facilities, but don't want to loose the taste of butter!! Please Help!, thanks.
My buttercream is still a bit yellow, can I beat it more even after adding milk? Will it turn pale? Or this has to be done before?
Hey can we substitute milk with heavy whipped cream ?
How to make black coloured buttercream? For that we should start with chocolate buttercream right? Now how to make that?
how many cupcakes worth is that?
But how would that work if you were doing Swiss Meringue Buttercream where you can’t beat the butter until it’s white.  I live in a country where the butter is very yellow so it’s hard to colour something a pale pink because when pink is added to a yellow it goes a coral colour.  It’s terribly frustrating as whipping butter generally works with making a buttercream, but not making a Swiss Meringue which I use all the time.
Is there anyway to fix grainy icing ? I dont know what i did wrong
If I use homemade butter would it affect the quality of the butter cream icing? Plz if anyone know about it then tell me
Hi Gemm can i use butter blend instead of pure butter?
Hi Jemma how much would I need to make to fill and decorate sides and top of an 8" and 6" cake?  Love watching your videos also make quite a lot of them!
Can I use cream instead of milk?
Can anyone please tell me wht to do if my buttercream is grainy and does not keep its shape.. and melts wen kept outside the referigerator
can evaporated milk be used for buttercream frosting? will the taste be different?
Will this type of buttercream crust? Thks in advance! Cheers! 😊
Can I add lemon zest?  And I don’t really like the buttery taste but I need a „stable“/solid Creme for a cake next week, can someone recommend anything?
what is the name of the music in the background?
if the buttercream tastes a little “powdery” bc of the powdered sugar, how could i fix that? i’ve had that issue before ):
I don't have a scale. If I convert to cups will I lose something in the quality?
Hi my name is ana I want ask you there any trick for the butter cream wasn't so sweet
And if you don't have a posh stand mixer?
Hi Jemma, if using a hand held electric mixer, do I beat the buttercream for the same length of time as? .
Not relevant to buttercream but if you were using a fan oven for cakes and cupcakes what heat would you use, thankyou.
Hi Jemma, whenever i've tried making buttercream it turned out gritty, even with 10x icing sugar.. how can i fix it?
Not sure if this has already been asked but how much does this recipe make?
For a 6 inch cake , can u give me the amount of butter and icing sugar?
Mam can we grind it in a mixer?or can we whisk it with a whisker?
How do you keep buttercream from hardening on a cake
Does using salted butter make a difference in the texture?
Hi could u tell me why my buttercream icing kind of look cuddle oily really need to get it stiff for pipping
Hi Jemma love ur videos . I made the butter cream n found that it melts to the heat of my hand when I pipe . What should I do for it pls
has anyone mentioned that in the milk she's already got vanilla extract? but no measurements are listed in her ingredient list...
Can i use homemade butter?
Gemma, I've tried multiple cheap piping bags, I've also bought an icing dispenser, all break or split. What's the best icing piping bags that wont split  , on a budget? Thanks c
Does anyone know what brand of color gel she used?!?!
So how much buttercream would you need to ice and fill one of your cakes with four layers
So what difference is made wha using paste coloring as opposed to gel coloring?
Hi Jemma, is this recipe you've given to us is enough to cover 8 inch cake with 2 layers? Please reply.
Can we use white butter?
if u get the sugar cubes in butter cream wht to do?
Powdered sugar and icing sugar are same?!!
Do you get the taste of butter in the icing?
Hi Jemma..I have a question. Can I use titanium dioxide to make brilliant white buttercream?how much quantity for a kg?
Can you use marshmallow buttercream frosting to fill a cake/ crumb coat?
If I wanted to make a lemon buttercream do I just add lemon after the milk and vanilla?
Can you use this butter icing for flowers? As I know you need a slightly thicker icing for the flowers to hold their shape?
Is it possible to overmix buttercream?
How to avoid getting a buttercream with runny consistancy when living in a very hot country?  And also, i'd like to use this recipe for cake icing, where should I keep my buttercream between crumb coating and finishing?
Please! What’s the recipe for making buttercream enough for 24 cupcakes
how many sticks of butter is 2/3 ?
I have always used high ratio shortening in my buttercream. I wonder why she doesn't use it? I am not a professional so she obviously has a professional reason!
Why people insist on food colouring? Isn't that bad agent?
my buttercream came out grainy, the sugar didn't solve :( what may be the problem and can I fix it? thanks :)
Can I use this in French macrons?
Can I reduce the icing sugar by 25% to make it less sweet, without compromising on the texture?
What to do when butter cream starts to release water?
How do I make less sweet buttercream
Thanks....how decorate the cake
Will this stand hot weather
How to keep extra butter cream ?please
The metric recipe works perfectly... any idea how to do a good mocha buttercream icing?
Hi I noticed that there is what is called an icing mix product on supermarket shelves.  This has tapioca in with the icing sugar. It looks like it is softer and doesn't lump in the bag like pure icing sugar does. What do you think of this so called Icing sugar mix?  😂😂
Does it really matter if you use a whisk attachment or paddle attachment? Will it change the consistency?
Is it pure icing sugar?  Or icing sugar that contains maize starch
What's the to note about icing sugar? Find ones made with corn starch?
Hello! I want to ask you that there is never salt in the butter that you use, because I never found butter without salt, but it contains different proportions. Thank  u Olivia from Finland
Could this cover and decorate a whole 6" or 8" cake ?
Why does my buttercream crust a lot... How do I keep it soft
Can i make  roses with this buttercream?
If I can, can I translate the episode to Arabic because I do not understand all the terms you use?
Should we use the Beater?
How do you evenly distribute buttercream so you can make an equal amount of cupcakes with different colors
are there other flavours i mean except for vanilla?
This butter cream can be used to fill the cake? Or just for decoration
I love this video thank you! I have a question- I am making a birthday cake and the venue will be outdoors in hot July. I saw a butter cream that’s more “stable” made with butter crisco and condensed milk- do you have thoughts on this butter cream or what I can do related to high temps of summer?
I am having a bake sale wherein I am planning to sell buttercream frosted cupcake. Would the buttercream start melting after 1-2 hours if it is kept in open space without any air conditioning? The temperature at my place is about 35 degree celsius. And if yes! how can I prevent that?
Great video! Thank you.  How would you calculate your measurements for an 8 inch 3 layer cake and crumb coat?
Which brand you use to color the buttercream? Thanks, I really love you videos 💕
This recipe is for cupcakes but how much buttercream ( grams ) do you need to ice a full cake inside and outside?
Hi there! Do you recommend using Crisco for buttercream?
Can I make it by hand?
How big of a cake does this recipe cover? Im baking a 3 layered 8” cake
How do we know that buttercream is ready??
Good morning.....I love ur tutorials....I watched one of ur video on how to cream a cake....my question is you put ur cake in d refrigerator for sometime...before you decorated it.....for pple where d country weather is hott....like Nigeria  is it appropriate to refrigerate d cake .....won't it melt??
Hi Jemma, I followed the instructions to the letter in terms of butter consistency and whipping timings, and only used 3tbsp of the milk mixture. The buttercream was indeed really white and fluffy and silky however, it came out a bit too soft I think. It is a bit of a warm night tonight in the UK. Should I have done something differently? And is there a way to remedy it if it gets too soft?
So u mix it for a total of 20 or 25 minutes?
What if we use food colouring and it may tend to drip what do we add
where do you find good butter for buttercream in the usa
Does anyone know how many cups of everything?
Hi jemma can you recommand some good colours for icing ??
Hi can i know the link for the colors you are using??
i can't find lescure butter where i live is it possible to use another one like President? thanks
Would you recommend using powder colorants for giving it color? Thanks!
I tried but it didnt came out that good...can you tell me why😞😞😞
Can you please tell me how to make butter cream without machine.
Excellent video! I'm sure I would have messed up if I'd attempted this, because after watching your video I realize there's a lot more to making buttercream than I'd initially thought 😂 Thankyou for this extremely helpful video.  One question though: I keep the buttercream covered while using it ? Or when I'm not stirring it? Like...If I'm going for a short to get something I should keep it covered? I'm slightly confused at this point.
I followed instructions but the buttercream is unbelievably sweet, should it taste like extremely sweet? structure and thickness was absolutely fine.
I tried this and it all looked ok. However when I started to decorate the swirls started to slide down the cake. I can't understand why? as the cake had been in the freezer for an hour and the butter cream also?
Hey jemma, can u pls do a tutorial on turquoise buttercream....
Aloha, I live in Hawaii and although your buttercream recipe looks amazing and easy, what tips for hot weather buttercream. i dislike adding shortening but it seems to be what most people do here. love your videos, Mahalo
Hello, creme after fridge or without fridge it's soft? I tasted one time and it was little like hard
I made the buttercream icing today but it turned out a little bit runny. Is it because of mixing butter for a long time? and will adding 340g of icing sugar make the buttercream icing to become too sweet?  because I just added just half of the icing sugar but it was already too sweet for me. 😇
I love your videos. They answer so many questions.
Sorry but can you repeat what ingredient should be in the icing sugar. You said it so fast I could'nt quite u understand the word starting with an "M". Also can you tell us the amounts in cups.
If cupcake I decorating buttercream can put into the fridge?I mean cupcakes 🧁 also
Do you work at crumbs and doilies?
Has anybody ever used goats butter and a milk alternative as my Husband has allergies? Thanks!
My buttercream didn't turn as creamy and I don't know what I did wrong😭
Question: why do you need butter with a high percentage of fat? What would happen if the percentage was lower? Thanks!
Is it best to use Pure Icing Sugar or Soft Icing Sugar?
What would you suggest for making a raspberry flavour buttercream? Fresh, frozen, extract/flavouring? And what quantity of whichever would you use for this recipe? Thank you!
Jemma, is there any way that I can make my buttercream icing less sweet? Because sometime I find the buttercream icing can be very overpowering and it hits into my throat, if that make sense. Your input will be helpful! Thanks a lot! X
can I use a whisk attachment instead of this attachment used here on my freestanding machine? (only because its just broke lol)
Can someone please tell me at 3:07 what kind of icing sugar Jemma is mentioning. Heard many times but couldn't get it
Is it fine if you use food colouring  with ready made Butter cream?
Is cultured European-style butter good for baking and/or buttercream?
I live in the US, Alabama, I was wanting to know of buttercream will hold up to 96° weather with high humidity??
What is the best way to store a cake with buttercream icing. I’m making my nephew a grad cake but don’t know when to plan to make it
I have always wondered what counted as an emergency baking situation  I still think about it sometimes
What about the tubes of gel colouring will they work?
Hi Gemma, if I add white chocolate to this frosting, would I need to whip it for less time? Thanks 😊
Nice! Would You have the recipe available in Oz / cups? Thanks!
Hi Jemma, can you please tell me what manufacturer and piping bag size you use ? Thank you
So I have a question: can I add candy melts to this for a color change?
Hi when i get to pipe my buttercream why does it come out oily and the texture isn’t like yours?????
Hi Jemma, can I pipe this buttercream on my fondant covered cake? Or is it better to use royal icing? I’m trying to pipe flowers (cupcake size) and thought buttercream might be better than royal icing, is this true?
Given that butter is dyed, could you not just use unsalted undyed butter to get a nice white icing?
Hey Gemma everytime I make buttercream it's super fluffy when first made but the next day or even a few hours later it really hardens up without me putting it in the fridge. So it loses that fluffy light buttercream taste and turns into a slab of buttery sugar. What am I doing wrong?
Is color paste the same as color gel?
How much you told 😝
can you use salted butter?
So, I have a question. Do you need to have so INCREADIBLY much sugar in it? Can you skip the milk and therefore use less sugar? I've made my own recipes with sour cream and butter and lemon juice and very little icing sugar. It works if you mix very little. But is it possible to do a fluffy buttercream with less sugar? Normal ones don't even taste good that sweet...
How i keepit if I do today the buttercream today and I need to use tomorrow !?in the fridge ,o room temperature!?
Great video!! I have a question about decorating the cake with the buttercream. If I decorate the cake a day or two before the event could I keep it refrigerated until the event? Or does that ruin the consistency of the buttercream ?
Awesome video... How do we get rid of that grit feeling in u ones mouth with butter icing
At what point do I add the mango puree?
Good vegan substitute to the butter?
How many cupcakes will I be able to decorate with the amount of buttercream from your recipe?
Hello there!!  Love you’re stuff!  You are a genius.   Quick question...  what happens if I am using a thermomix?  Do I follow the same steps?
Hi Jemma... when you say room temperature, what does that mean? I live in the tropics and room temperature is at 30 degrees C in the morning and can go as high as 36 degrees at noon (in the summer).
I don’t know if you have spoke about this...  But, how do you get a moist cake when baking from scratch?
If i wanted to make this white chocolate how much would i add
Hello Jemma, thank you so much for this recipe 💪  what brands of sugar paste do you recommend?
Why my buttercream is still granular , Even if i used the right kind off sugar and pass it through a sifter?
Could you explain how and or where to find the fat content on the butter package. I’m in Texas and if I’m looking at the correct thing on the package of butter I can only find 12-18% butter fat   I’d love to know for sure how to find the right info  for use in my home based bakery. Love all your stuff thanks.
Can you make buttercream without a mixer? Just with a whisk?
How do you flavor your buttercream
Hello, can I ask, for how big cake is this amount used for? If I want to make this type of buttercream for 4 layered cake (one of your videos-the best Madeira cake recipe) how much of each ingredient should I add into? Thank you for your respond :)
Thank you for your video! I just have two questions:  1- if I prepare the cupcakes or cake the day before, should I apply the frosting  on that day or wait until I will serve them? 2- if I don't have a mixer, will I have the same result by mixing with a spoon?
I want to put vanilla paste in it!  Will that ruin the icing?
To make lime flavoured butter cream can you substitute lime juice for the milk or use the rind??
How come this recipe doesn't use vanilla extract?
My problem is I live in Hawaii everyone loves my buttercream but after taking out of the fridge in the heat my frosting starts melting.any idea what I can do to fix this problem I don’t wanna add more sugar cause it tends to be a little sweeter than most people like and I think it taste like some thing you buy buy at Walmart or local store where all you get is sugar and not flavor
can i use evaporated milk??
what happens if you put the icing in a vacuum chamber?
I must have done something wrong...it was grainy even though i did sieve and add the icing sugar in 4 stages. It took me an hour and it was way too sweet. I really dont know what i could have done differently. I actually followed every little bit of this recipe (x3).
Jemma, is this a crusting buttercream?
Jemma, can this buttercream recipe be used with the Russian tips? I love your videos.
can I use a whisk attachment instead of a paddle attachment? would it take less time if whisk used?
Hi  there what butter did you use  Can you please give the name and where you got it from  I am from the uk  Many thanks
can I use salted butter instead?
Thank you for sharing this instructional video!! Can this recipe be used for piping flowers onto cupcakes?
surprised that salt is not in the list of ingredients.  a pinch of salt is necessary to balance the sweetness.
How to make buttercream that can withstand warm weather... please help.  Lovelots from the Philippines
can you also use this to decorare a cake with a piping bag?
Wonderful recipe! Can i put lemon juice instead of milk? How much should I put in it?
Does anyone have any advice on thickening the frosting?? I think I added a little too much milk to mine.. I’ll add more sugar if I absolutely have to, but I don’t want mine to get too sweet.
Can we use salted butter?
Why is it that my butter starts to melt just when I start mixing it? Is it because of the temperature and in this case what’s best to do?
Can buttercream be frozen to be used at a later date?
I’ve used Jemma’s buttercream recipe many times and had great results. Recently, though, it’s been really grainy - you can feel it between your teeth when eating. I don’t think I’m doing anything differently and haven’t changed my ingredients. Any suggestions?
How would you incorporate liquor into the mix?
What mixer do you use?
If I beat alot my butter cream it becomes to soft .Although the butter is not that soft.what is the reason pls tell me?
Is this american buttercream?
Can we use this buttercream for making roses?? Plzz reply as I want to make try it out
My buttercream taste grainy and not smooth!! How can I fix this problem?
My buttercream is always too sweet  how can I change that?
Is butter in Canada more yellow? I have tried her exact recipe and it's not as white. :(
which brand or type sugar you use in uk?
Can i put this as a filling for swiss rolls?
Can I use a hand mixer to beat the butter icing?
Hey, please help, using 8inch cake tins..... what are the correct measurements for the buttercream for this sized cake? Thankyou xx
Alison Hendrix anyone???
I know you guys use Celsius and grams but here in the US we don’t use that. Could you help with the conversions please? I would love to be able to make your buttercream.
Hi I love watching you I am going to make a cake for a baby shower with 3 layers 8 in 6 in 4in how much fondant would it take
I live in a very hot climate. Is leaving the buttercream on the bench with the aircon on 25deg Celsius ok? Or is it best to put in the fridge?
What brand of food colouring gel do you use because I’m in England and can’t get americolour easily ??
Can I make it without the mixer? Like with a fork or a spatula or something?
How many days can we keep the buttercream in the fridge?
3:05 - 3:14 do you have to use that starch because i've been searching and i cannot find a brand that does not use tricalcium Phosphates or Calcium Phosphates is there any brand in particular that i can use?
can u do this with margerine?
how many cupcakes can this amount cover?
Jemma what brand of pastry bags do you use?
Is it ok to use heavy cream instead of whole milk? Or maybe 1% milk?
Do you have to refrigerate the butter cream after you sell it in a container
Hello :) i want to ask  I make buttercream frosting regularly. Usually, frosting the cakes, i keep the cake inside a refrigerator Lately, after the cake is refrigerated and being put back in room temperature, there are sugar lumps that appear on top of the frosting It never happened before  Do you know what may have caused this?  Thankyou
Hi Jemma! Loved this video. Just wondering if you have a recipe for fresh cream icing? Thanks
Hi! Can you use this buttecream to cover cakes?
Would anyone be able to tell me how much buttercream I would need to ice 3 6inch cakes and 3 9inch cakes? Thanks x
How many colours of butter cream can you make?🤔
Can I use it for a cake too?
Why do my buttercream start melting whenever I put it on the cake?
How do you make buttercream on cold days? 😅 We don't have heater in Our house.. its cold xD if I make this the butter won't be soft..
Hi Jemma, love your videos.. .. I live in India (very hot country) and when I refrigerate my decorated cake for more than 5 hrs, the buttercream turns hard . Please suggest how to keep the buttercream soft
My English is pretty good (I'm Dutch), but you were kind of hard to follow, as you were talking like the Flash. At superspeed! Could you please talk a bit slower in the future?
what causes icing to crack? and what can be done to get rid of the crack?
Hi Jemma, what would the recipe be if I wanted to make chocolate buttercream? Thanks!
Hi.  Please can I use buttercream to fill doughnuts???
@CupcakeJemma do you have any recipe of buttercream not so sweet but that keep the consistency? THank you!
So , does the icing sugar HAVE to have cornstarch in it ? Or do i use the plain old icing sugar ?!
Hey, how would I make a gingerbread flavored buttercream?
Hi Jemma thanks for this video, quick question please, what’s the name of your mixer.
If I wanted to make chocolate buttercream how much coca would I add
Hi Jenna! I am your fan, can u Plz tell, For how long we can store buttercream in refrigerator??
Do you think it would be ok to use the balloon whip attachment?
Can I use margarine instead of butter?
Hi Jemma do all butters turn White after being whipped for 5 minutes? I usually use Stork.
Hi can i ask why isit different from using normal sugar and powdered sugar to make buttercream?
QUESTION HELP PLEASE! my butter icing splits? How does this happen! I was on to a winner lol
Could I just add vanilla and eliminate milk?  I like to have more flavor of vanilla in butter cream
Hi GEMNA, What is the brand of the food colouring that you use?
can you please tell me the best food colour gel to use? i thought wilsons was good but always have to use so muchto get proper colous
I tried to make this lemon buttercream with 2tbsp milk and 1 tbsp lemon juice. It's a little on the runny side... do I just add more icing sugar gently?
340g converts to only 1 cup of sugar and it looks like you’re using more????
Is it enough for a cake??
Can I make this with margarine? I am alergic to dairy and I need something to cover my cake before decorating..
Which type of cake we use butter cream?
Can you use this buttercream as a Macaron filing?
Hi Gemma  thanks for the amazing recipe.i wanted to Kno can I use this to fill profiteroles and donuts if I want to make vanilla filled donuts like Krispy Kreme.
i just got some new russian cake tips from amazon and was curious about what other frostings can i make besides the butter cream that would work just as well as the butter cream frosting to pipe with the new tips?
Can I Frost this icing on wedding cake? Can I make a cake n refregerate it? How many days in advance? Please guide..
Can I make flowers with this?
Can I add Lard? To prevent from melting quickly
How do you make chocklet butter cream for a  chocklet log for chrstmas x
I will try this! Thank you. By the way, is this a crusting buttercream? Anyone can answer if you've tried. Thank you!
Is writing gell and icing gells r same?Can i use writing gell for buttercream frosting
How much more butter for a cake? How do I modify this for 3 layer cake?
Do I need a stand mixer? I dont have the fancy kitchen materials! 😬
Why not just use whipped cream? Nowhere near as sickly and tastes much nicer.
how do you make other flavors butter créme??
How sweet is this? Been trying to find a frosting thats not too sweet
Hi Jemma, I made my buttercream frosting several times following your instructions but each time it turned out to be filled with air pockets.... do you have any idea why? Thanks!
Can u send me the recipe with the right amount of ingredients?
This video is awesome just like all your other videos. Pl let me know if I can ice the cup cakes with this icing and freeze it . On freezing and thawing will the buttercream hold it’s shape . Thx
think this might be a late wuestion but can you use buttercream icing for cake is it the same thing??? sorry if its already obvious but please understand that Im still beggining and planing to bake a cake so please dont think twice if you have any advice or suggestion for me thank you❤️❤️
What would you consider room temperature?
Do you refrigerate it or leave it out
How many hours can we keep the butter cream out if planning to use it in the same day ? Will there be change in consistency if we keep it out too long ?
Can i store buttercreame in the fridge in an air tight container n beat it before using if am using excess butter cream after 5days
If I use less sugar will the consistency be as good as in the video?
I always end up with liquidy buttercream. My butter was the same texture but why?? I live in Malaysia is it bcs of the weather??
How do you get rid of the gritty texture of the powdered sugar? Can you use warm milk?
Im looking for a recipe on buttercream that  not so sweet how can i get this
Hello jemma i tried the icing. It was great. I Want to know for how long it can be stored? And can it be refrigerated?
So helpfu, thank you! Just a quick question, do I need to refrigerate cupcakes with buttercream frosting?
Hi I'm 13and I've started baking I can make cupcakes, cookies and sponges quite well but buttercream is difficult usually when I make it it's very heavy and thick it also makes cupcakes deflate.i presume you are very busy and don't have time to answer but if you do can you please give me a few tips? Great video by the way
Can i use fresh milk?
If I want to make a 3 layer stacked cake with buttercream filling and icing, how many batches of this recipe do I need to use?
Hi jemma I love your videos they are seriously the best and you are pretty darn talented My butter cream starts to melt within just five or ten minutes of decorating  Do you have any tips on how I can fix that
It came out too sweet....any way to fix that?
Is this the best buttercream to use with the Russian piping tips?
What brand of food colouring do u use?
How can I determine the sweetness of the buttercream after adding sugar in the mixer? Can I continue adding icing sugar if desired sweetness is not achieved and whipp it in the mixer..kindly assist its my first attempt
if your making chocolate buttercream, at which point should we add the chocolate and to what ratio(for dark and milk)? also should it be room temp or cool? . Please help me out. Thank you
Please help me...if i use a hand mixer normal electric one...how much of time i need to mix those ingredients .....🤔🤔
Can I please ask where is good to buy butter in a larger /cheaper way than at the supermarket? I'm new to trying cupcake making and baking with butter. I can really taste the difference to the margarine I've always used before! However it doesn't go very far... I block each time I bake. Any advice please??
Hi, the place I m staying is hot throughout the year.  How Do I keep the shape of the frosting on cupcakes ? Will it melt if leave on the party table?
I live in the philipines which is a bit hot. How many liquid should i add to the butter cream?
Hi, great Vidio!!! Just wondering,  could u do this with a hand electric mixer???? 😁❤
Does the milk have to be room temperature?
love love love your recipes and all your tips... I have a question, does this buttercream work for decorating naked cake? thank you very much
I put a bit too much milk in and now I can get it to be more firm. If it stands for a couple of seconds it flattens out. I tried putting more sugar in and it help a bit but no enough. What to do?
how do I get a dusty blue in my buttercream..not teal
How do I make a very dark purple butter icing ?
No vanilla? I've never heard of anyone making buttercream without any extra flavoring. I'm wondering if this is also an "american" thing. Still looks delicious, I'm definitely going to keep an eye out for what KIND of confectioners sugar I get. I didn't know they differ in ingredients (tricalcium phosphate vs the better one..)
What did you say in minute 3.05-3.14 Jemma? Too fast. Anybody knows?
Can we make roses out of these buttercream???  Can we use cream of tartar for rose stiffness??
What’s the name of the blue  and other liquids you used for icings can u please tell me
Is this enough for 12 cupcakes?
How many cupcakes would this cover
I made the frosting but it was not smooth...it was more on a grainy texture side...why so?
Do you think this recipe and steps would work if I used dairy free spread?
is it okay to put the buttercream icing in the fridge before piping?
Can we use a whisk to make buttercream?
I’m diving right in and making my 2 year old daughter a unicorn cake for her birthday this month. I don’t have a lot of money to spend on the gel colors though. I have to use the liquid sadly, do you have any advise to help me not ruin the buttercream? I’d use gel if affordable but where I am and on such a short time frame it’s about 10 dollars for 1 color and I just can’t afford that. Thanks so much, love your videos!!!
Hy, can i use powdered food colouring?
WHERE IS YOUR STORE?! I would love to meet you!
For how much time can we store it and how to store them?
Could you please tell me where you get your cupcake cases from?
Hi Jemma!  I love your videos but I don’t quite understand the measurements.  I live in the United States & is really appreciate if you can share the measurements in cups please. Thank you! Xoxo
Dear Jemma, your way of making buttercream is great! How can I make extra and keep for future use? I plan to put it on bread for my kids' breakfast daily, but won;t have time to do fresh cream everyday.
Hi how much buttercream should I make for a number 1 cake with 1 layer or maybe two layers
Please can you be more specific about amount of butter to be taken and how much sugar for that amount of butter... Sorry, m really poor in this measurement thing.
Hello ma'am ... i am from india. I just saw your buttercream recipe..nd i loved it.. i have to make a cake tommorrow.. so i want to ask you that ..can i prepare the buttercream frosting today and store it in refrigerator in air tight container??? Or it will be hard...can you please guide me..
OMG!! Tried to make the frosting but it did not come out right. It turned pale but it didn’t become fluffy and it started to melt as I was spreading it on my cakes.... Did I miss a step?! Help needed....
Can we keep buttercream in the fridge?
Can you whip it for too long?
What is the best temperature to use buttercream at I live in florida where it can be very hot and humid
I have a question! She said to leave the butter out overnight for the smooth texture, but when I looked up whether it was safe to do so, most websites said you shouldn't leave it out overnight. Some said you can but at a certain room temp.  What's the best option? :)
My buttercream always has that butter taste, even when adding flavor. How can I get rid of that?
Hi Jemma i am going to be icing a 2 tier cake bottom is 8inch and top is 4 inch)  using buttercream to crumb coat and decorate using a swirl technique how much buttercream would i need for this , thanks .
im from philippines.how many hours the buttercream icing before it melts? coz the weather here is hot.thanks
Hi!! I've been trying to do a Dulce de Leche buttercream, do you have any suggestions of what quantity to add to your buttercream recipe? thanks!!
should i add cocoa powder before or after icing sugar?
Trying to figure out how much this recipe makes.
Hi, just wanting to check - is this the same recipe you use when frosting cakes? In your smooth buttercream tutorial you talk about getting a smooth buttercream and getting the bubbles out - how do you achieve that? Thanks!
Hi, about how cupcake  is the recipe?thank you!
For how long we can store buttercream in refrigerator?
I am making a cake with this butter cream but most of the people eating it can't eat anything with high fat content what can I use instead and still get good results.
Is this enough to ice a 2 layer 9 inch cake?
How long can you leaving buttercream icing out?
Is it melted or not?
How to make flavor butter cream
Can I ice a cake and pipe decoration roses on cupcakes  with that same icing? I mean should the consistency be different for icing a cake and cupcake piping?
how can you remedy the situation if the mixture was too watery?  i seemed to have added  too much milk. or do i need to mix the mixture for a longer period of time?
1- Durability time of the original buttercream?  2- When it is painted, how long does it last?  3- In what conditions should I keep it to last?  4- What is the use of a high fat butter?  5- What precautions should I take if I use a butter with less fat percentage?  6-What precautions should I take if I use liquid color?  Thank you for your help and for clearing so many questions.
how many sticks of butter is 150grams!?!?! help please
What if you don't have a mixer? Can this be done by hand mixing?
Anyone know where I can get European style butter in Cleveland Ohio?
Can you use margerine?
Is there a recept for a nice buttercream without so much icing sugar??
No link to the crazy vanilla extracts?
Can I use a hand mixer to make a butter cream or whipped cream icing? Or does it have to be a professional mixer like yours in the video?! :)
Question- How can I get my buttercream not to dry out?
How do i get my buttercream less grainy
How many cups will this make?
Can i us double cream instead of the milk?
How can i fix it if its too liquid ?
Hey jemma what are the conversions to cups on your recipe I live in the usa  and wasnt sure what the conversions were
is this crusting buttercream?
Awesome but can I tell once measurements icing sugar
How much icing would I need to ice a 8 inch cake with 4 layers
What type of mixer do you use ?
Can I add this buttercream as a binder for cakepops?
Hi, I come from the Netherlands and here we do not have French butter, maybe you have a tip for me?
I’ve tried so many times but I can’t get the consistency right, it’s almost there. If I want to make it thicker how would I go about this?
The storage container she used for the buttercream (also the ones on the shelves in back) what brand are they? Where can I get them?
I made this buttercream. Is it supposed to be gritty? Or I didn’t mix it long enough??
Can we store butter cream in freeze?
By the time I’m mixing in the sugar it getting really running like condensed milk texture can someone please help
Can i pipe this icing onto cupcakes the day before consumption??  Or will they end up with crispy nugget edges???
I’m considering icing a cake for a party with frosting/buttercream roses but don’t want them to melt or droop over the course of the party, especially if it is a hot day - is it a good idea to put your icing in the fridge for a few minutes before piping so that they keep their shape for longer? Or is there another way to do this?  Thanks!
I dont like buttercream much because its very rich, how do I male it less rich?
Can we use salted butter instead of unsalted?
My buttercream came out runny like cake mix even before I added the milk..?
this is a serious question but pls comment on this cupcake jemma but ca you use powdered sugar insted of icing sugar
Hi!! Do you have the recipe to make buttercream whitn creamchees! (Sorry for my english)
Can u use granulated suger or like regular sugar
Can i use powdered sugar instead of icing sugar
How did you make the icing
hi always love ur videos can you help me out want to make a unicorn cake for my little girl can you do a easy to follow video of a pullaprt cake or cake please thank you in advance
What is recipe in cips of butter n sugar?
Lovely recipe! how many cupcakes does this frost?
CupcakeJemma can I use margarine instead of butter? Will it turn out the same?
Would u please tell the ratio of butter and powdered sugar ????????
at what stage i add cocoa for chocolate icing?
Can someone please tell me why every time I make better cream it start melting as soon as I stop beating it or when I try to put it in a different bowl my better cream can't hold itself without a fridge
hey, your buttercream is looks too delicious,, i wanna try this as soon as possible,, but i m from india, so can u suggest any unsalted butter...
Will it turn out the same if I double the recipe to make more at once or do you recommend making one batch at a time?
Sorry, 1 qiestion...why is your butter yellowish? The butter I have at home is nearly perfectly white
Can u but this buttercream frosting in the fridge in an air tight container?
can i use pure icing dugar or icing dugar mix??
I've been using an electric hand whisk, and room temp butter. But it always goes a bit curdled / separated and too soft to pipe. What am I doing wrong? Do I need firmer butter?
Hi chef, I like all your recepies , I did the butter cream last week, The consistency was superb but when you taste it you feel that the powder sugar is not dissolved, I think I did all the steps right, what could be the problem  Thanks
What if the buttercream is runny and doesn’t quite hold it’s shape?
can i use salted butter & powdered sugar instead of salted butter & icing sugar???
Do you have  more cupcake reicpes?
Plz can I use cake shortening in place of butter?
Do you add shortening to your buttercream incase it's to hot and humid.?
Where can I find the recipe to print out ?
Which brand of colour paste do you use
Why can't my unsalted butter be pale? 😅
How to lessen the sweetness?
Can I refrigerate buttercream?
Is it a little TOO sweet with the whole amount of sugar??
How much butter cream is required to make a Unicorn Cake?
How far in advance can I bake my cupcakes before my event? This is all new to me and I am very excited to start learning to bake :)  Love your video!
Hi Jemma! Love your videos...can you post a buttercream recipe for 24 cupcakes please on here 😌
hi jemma. can i use hand mixer for making a buttercream coz i don have stand mixer..;-(
@CupcakeJemma I don't know, whether you still read this, but have you ever tried lactose-free butter? Does it work for you? Mine always melts as soon as i put it inside the spout....
For where can i buy these things
can butter cream dream after piping it cake?
From where did u buy d food colour?
How long does it keep freshness? Can I make it today and will it be good for eating tomorrow?
Can I freeze my frosting if I've made too much??
can anyone tell me why the after taste always tastes like straight out butter for mine ??
Why does cupcakejemma seem like shes secretly a punk musician
How can I keep them?
Hello Jemma. Which food colouring do you use? I'm a big fan from the Netherlands! Maybe I can get it on amazon ? London is a little bit too far :) thanks a lot!
I thought butter cream was meant to be a 1:4 fat to sugar ratio…. Yours isn't. What is correct? :O
What is the best brand of colouring gels to use?
How to add a cream cheese filling to a cake?
The recipe is ok for a cake 24 cm?
can we use salted butter??
I love your video Jemma. Btw I tried this recipe last night.. the mixture turn out so sugary and the sugar seems not dissolve .. May I know what happen ?? Thanks
How long can you keep it at home before it is nesty
Hello Jemma! I 'm one of your big fans and I have a question to make! Why my buttercreame  starts to dries after 3-4 hours of piping my cupcakes? Sorry for grammar mistakes I 'm new in UK!
Hi Jemma, Do you pipe the middle of the macarons just with this buttercream? Do you have any other suggestions for middle layer of French macarons?
Hi Jemma I've made " your' buttercream and it worked out great BUT it does sort of dries up on a cake or cupcake. Is that supposed to happen or should I look for a better icing sugar? And do you use this buttercream to coat your cakes ?
Can you substitute for butter for vanilla shortening? If so are the amounts the same
I love your buttercream recipe! It’s my favorite! Two Questions please: Do you every combine Vegetable shortening, such as Crisco, to your buttercream so it doesn’t melt as easily when piping? Do you have a video on icing consistencies for each ‘job’?
I tried to make butter cream today.... but it's endup like a liquid not creamy as shown on your show....what's wring with mine??
How many cup cakes will this recipe ice?
what size bowls do you use for your different buttercreams?
Hi Jemma ！I would like to ask can i use electric hand mixer cause i dont have a stand mixer
How much buttercream.do I need to ice a 4 layer ombre cake?
What happens if you use Salted butter?  I find it tastes nice and buttery.
Can I do it without electrical
can anyone help me covert the c measurements to non metric lol
What’s the reason when the buttercream has lumps in it and is a liquid?
how much does this amount that you made cover and fill a cake? just one large cake?
@CupcakeJemma I'm making a four-layer cake with multiple colours of buttercream - what should I multiply your recipe by?
How many grams in a cup?
Omg! Is she the girl from CBeebies?
The icing sugar confused me my icing sugar has cane sugar and corn starch should I find another brand
I used liquid food coloring in icing but u used gel which one is better
Won't it be too sweet if u add 340 gm sugar for 150 gm butter??
Is it possible to overbeat the mix and make the emulsion of the butter break?
Hi Jemma!  whether your buttercream can be made like a flower? Like korean flower buttercream..
Better frosting recipe I've ever found!   Can you plz show how to make flowers?
Is this frosting really sweet?
Hi Jemma could you please advise where you buy your food coloring from and brand do you use if any? Thanks
Is there a difference between icing sugar and powdered sugar? also I only have a small handheld electric mixer, would that work just fine or is there something I need to consider when using it?
Can you make a video of how to make the buttercream swirl with different color type of icing
Can you use food colouring for colouring the buttercream?
I️ use Domino powdered sugar and it uses cornstarch? Is that the same thing?
What is the difference between buttercream frosting and cream cheese frosting? I mean, when is the best situation to use one or another?
What if your making a cake?
Can this buttercream be used to ice layer cakes too or should a different ratio be used?
Can I prepare this buttercream day before I need this? I put on the fridge for night, that's be okey?? :)
I live in the states and how or where do I find high fat butter like the French butter you have??? Any ideas anyone??
Hi, I wanted to know if you ever add cream cheese to buttercream? Some recipes call for it and some don't.....I'm confused as to which to make for my carrot cake?!
how much does those quantity cover
Does these color change the taste of butter cream ??
Is this recipe ok to use as a crumb coat please? :)
Hi Jemma , I really don't get this me and my ad are making a cake and the buttercream is just like think water with butter in it how did u manage to do it xx
How much would I need to times it by for a cake ??
I live in India, and the room temperature is around 22-24°C so do you recommend keep the butter cream in the fridge? As I need to make it an evening before service the next day?  Love your videos. Thanks a ton!
can i add chocolate to this recipe ?
What is the American version of ingredients?
Can you do a video of you making flavored buttercream.
Hi can i use this under sugarpaste
Could u make DIY food colour
great video jemma!! i was wondering if i wanna use vegetable shortening, how should I incorporate it to this recipe?? thank you!
where do I store finished cupcakes with buttercream?
Is this buttercream enough to cover a layered naked cake?
How many hours can we leave butter cream within an airtight container into normal tempture (around 25 degree celcious)?
How many cupcakes could this ice?
Would making your own butter be just as effective for buttercream?
Can you please give me the ingredients measurements in cups, please I’m a beginner and I don’t know how to measure 162 grams of butter. Also how many teaspoons of milk and vanilla
Is it normal to feel a lil granules? I used Icing sugar sifted twice. Still can taste a lil bit of granules.
So..... if I'm right 14 to 15 minutes beating time?? Right??
I want to ask a question about piping and buttercream... When I pipe out my buttercream it goes a bit soft and doesn't hold its shape very well... I have tried not adding the milk but the issue is not fully resolved. Can anybody advise? Xx
If I use Gen food coloring so the consistency of cream will be more liquid?
How do I get your full recipe
Can I use salted butter? What's is the difference it makes when use unsalted butter or salted butter?
Hi Jemma and other bakers out there, I have a question about colour.. I don't have the gel food colour.. i just have the liquid one.. can I just add the liquid colour without adding the milk..? Coz if I add the milk, essence and the liquid food colour Buttercream becomes runny.. what do I do?
What icing sugar would you recommend please?
Powdered sugar and icing sugar are the same?
also how many cupcakes does this frost?
Can you also put standard measurements
is it sugar and icing sugar are same ?
I'm having trouble converting your measurements. Could you please give me the ingredients in cups?
is this receipe good to cover cakes pls?and fondant over it?
If u FREEZE YOUR CUPCAKES HOW LONG CAN U KEEP THEM?
Hi Jemma, absolutely enjoy your channel. Love learning new things. I have 1 question for you - I live in New Zealand and it is hot as hell here. What can I use to stabilise my buttercream so that it doesnt melt. Thanks for this awesome channel☺️☺️
hi Jemma...what brand vanilla extract and color paste do you use?
I want to fill and frost a medium sized 2 tier cake with this buttercream recipe, do you think doubling this recipe will be nough or would I need more?
Hi I just found your Channel.  I followed the steps in this video but found the butter cream overly sweet for my young kids. Can you offer any advice that I can substitute to reduce the sweetness? Thank you in advance.
I make homemade white butter but it doesn't volumize much and its always in runny consistency. Can you suggest correct buttercream icing recipe with homemade butter?
If you didn't want it to be vanilla flavored would you just use the milk and nothing else?
Hi Jemma! Can I use this recipe for russian piping tips?
hi, how if I'm just using an ordinary hand mixer is it ok.?I hope you can help me.thank you.
Where  do  you live
Hi! Thanks for your video, is it possible to overmix buttercream?
Hi, I've watched a couple of your videos now and they're great! Thanks for sharing! I did have a few questions though, you said to store at room temperature, I had always thought to store in the fridge, is it better to store on the counter? After a cake is iced should it go into the fridge or stay on the counter? (If I'm making a cake the day before a party?) Also I find that when I pipe my cakes my buttercream starts melting since my hands are warm, is there a secret trick?
How white is it !
Can you use this for macaron filling?
How much buttercream do you need to cover (with a crumb coat) and fill a 4 layer cake?
Hi how many cupcake could make in you buttercream recipe
how to make whipped icing
Can someone convert the grams to cups or tablespoons please
Hi, is it OK without putting shortening
Hi thank you jemma. how to I store Cupcakes with buttercream for other day ? Thanks
How much cocoa powder would you use for chocolate butter cream?
American conversions?
What is the recipe?
Is Food colour Spray okay?
I can not find gel colours I have only liquid colour so how I can make perfect consistency with liquid colour please give me reply because always I add colour and my cream is runny so I can not make flower
how to make chocolate cream using cocoa powder??
Hello Jemma, where do you buy your colorpaste?
Hi Jemma! May I ask you if the icing too sweet after I finished making, what can I do? Can I add some more butter then mix all together? Plzzzzz  reply me thank you:)
What brand of mixer do you use please?
I don't know why butter crem not coming white and it's come like water
Jemma can you make the bourbon cupcakes that you showed in the video plzzzz😜😜😜
What's the measurements of half the recipe????
I can't have milk or milk products, what can I use to replace the butter and milk?
What type of powdered sugar? You were talking a little fast.
hi jemma i just wanna ask why does my buttercream is not smooth . i can really taste the grainny texture even i used powdered sugar . what did i just do wrong .
Is butter cheap in the UK? in Canada a pound of butter is around $5 for the cheapest one and goes to about $12 for a pound for higher quality.
How do you prevent buttercream from having air looking bubbles, looking like holes in the texture?
I had trouble in making buttercream frosting. I dont know why my buttercream cannot be thick. I use mixer for 3 hours but not turn well
Is it possible to simply swap out the milk for ANY other liquid? For example. if I wanted to make a boozy frosting, then I could swap milk for whisky? :)
hi I made a large batch of buttercream this morning to pipi Russian flowers its doesn't seem stiff enough after watching your video how can I retrieve it before throwing it away
I do It but, It go Well but my House is too cold and before i'l try to put It got very hard and then i worm It i little bit but became to liquid, It is important yo put all that sugar? Because i only use 1/3 cup of sugar. Tatse delicious!!
Hi Jemma ,  This is Nafisa from India ... I have tried making this buttercream , but it turns very sweet and I can feel the sugar in my mouth ... I tried it several times but I just don't get it correct ... Can u help me to make it pls ...
Hello dear Jemma, I need your advice. I really want to make buttercream for my cakes but I am alergic to milk. I tried using margarine instead of butter but the cream tastes so heavy and margarine-like. I dont like it and neither my friends. Could you tell me how to make buttercream without using milk? I can use all the vegan products, soya milk, margarine, etc. I just need to avoid milk protein. Best, Your fan
what's ur opinion for using veg shortening instead of butter or half butter half crisco🙋🏼🙋🏼
Is it possible to over mix buttercream?
Why is the paddle attachment being used instead of a balloon wisk? Any seasoned bakers know?
Hey jemma...i tried ur buttercream recipe the texture,consistency  came out perfect....but the only prob is that i can feel the sugar in it...it feels kinda sand...what should i do to ovrcum this prob???any suggestion plzzzz
Can I use caster sugar instead of icing sugar?
umm.. why is the song in the background the same song Jenna marbles uses in her vids???
Why does buttercream have to be left at room temperature?
Hey Jemma .. Can I use this buttercream frosting to use it with Russian piping tips?
Hi. I have a query. Whenever i frost my cupcakes and put them in the refrigerator the buttercream  becomes very hard. Is there any way or ingredient which can be added to make it remain soft??
Hi Jemma, how do I get air bubbles out of the icing???
Can u make butter cream icing without a mixer?
Where can I get your buttercream icing recipe, please?
Can u over whip butter? Just curious.
But why so much sugar?
How do you make brilliant butter cream
Can Erythritol Swerve Confectioners Sugar be used in this recipe to obtain a sugar free version?
How much buttercream I need to cover a 9 inch cake? Can anyone help me?
Hello .. can i hv exact measurement for the butter and icing sugar pls
Hi! I’m making my daughters’ birthday cake thanks to your videos! I am going to do 4 round 8 inch cakes and want to make this butter cream. How many times should I make this recipe to equal covering the whole cake and in between the layers? Thanks so much!
The icing suger should contain what?? Instead of tricalcuimphosphate
Is this enough buttercream for two 8" cakes??
Hi! Do you have to use the paddle attachment to make the buttecream? I only have a hand mixer, with the normal whiskers, would that work too? Thanks!! :)
Do we use the same for birthday cake cream?
Hi can you make the buttercream with an electric hand mixer. Plz reply back because I don’t have a stand mixter and I love your videos and you have inspired me so much.
Can you use salted butter?
Hi Jemma how do you prevent air bubbles when piping with all the whipping that is done to the icing?
Does anyone have  the conversions for this in cups?
How much cupcake can you pipw with this recipe
I made it today, but it is so sweet it is hardly edible. I don't understand why it has to be so sweet. Can I do it 1:1? The texture is wonderful, but too sweet. Thank you for the recipe ;)
Thanks, Jemma! If I wanted to cut down on the sugar what could I use to replace the powdered/icing/confectioner's sugar besides more corn starch? Perhaps potato starch?
Hi! Once that you obtain the butter perfect softness, isnt it getting hotter and more and too soft during mixing? And all the time you work with it, during decorating?
Where can i get the colour pastes from? X
Can I use this to ice a cake?
How do you fix separated or grainy buttercream
What is the powder sugar
What colours you used? Brandname ?
Does any one know the name of the song in the background?  :) Please? :)
Hey 🙋🏻 Will this be enough to fill and cover an 8 inch round cake please ?
can you explain why mu loaf/pound cake alway sink in the middle in the oven?
Hi CupcakeJemma! I use Wilton Icing colors, often it seems to "split" the icing. What do I do wrong???
Hai gemma when your making your swiss buttercream dont you have to heat it till its 60 degrees ?
Does someone know this recipe is for how many cupcakes?, I need buttercream for 25 cupcakes.
feel nobody knows how too make that
Hi Jemma.... I had made buttercream with 1:4 ratio  but yet it was not that firm... Can you suggest where would I have gone wrong? Thanks in advance
hi some people use butter and shortening mix for making buttercream frosting is that needed to smooth a cake ?
I need the conversions to us measurements if anyone has them please.
Hi can I use powdered sugar as icing sugar?
how long can u store the butter cream for
My buttercream icing have taste of butter how can I fix this
What was the colour of her colour paste  X
Thank you so much for brilliant recipes , Can you please teach us about whipped cream filling ?
Can u put buttercream in the fridge?
can i whip by hand?does it will give a bad result?
What about if you're  in the US. The butter is already white. So should you still beat it for 5 minutes
Is it better to whip the buttercream with the whisk or paddle attachment? Or does it not make a difference?
Whats the recipe in cups
Has anyone converted the recipe to cups? I have been googling it but I get different measurements.
Hi what quantity of butter icing do I need to fill a 4 layered cake
How can i make white buttercream without using shortning ty
Hello from Mexico!! Can i use this recipe for a cake with fondant??
how do you make black buttercream because white and black = gray  so can u give me some tips?
I know this video was uploaded last year, but does anyone know if I can use gel colouring?
I have two questions... in my country we have only sample powdered sugar, so can I combine the sugar with starch? How much? And... This is really the quantity for 1000 cupcakes?  Thank you for the answers
Can i use salted butter as well?
is there an option to make the icing less sweet, I do not like too sweet icing?
what if i don't have one of those mixers?
Have you ever use black coco powder and is the consistency the same as the white buttercream frosting
HELP PLEASE. The butter that you suugest, Isigny Unsalted Butter, is there a substitute I can use? The store that carries it ok has the Salted not the Unsalted. My son's birthday party is this weekend and I don't have enough for all the cake and frosting.
Hello 🙋 I wonder if this recipe works with fondant. I always struggle with the weather in Florida plus my ac that it's not cold enough. Best recipe I found was Italian merengue but after I cover my cake Italian merengue stared melting and it looks wrinkle or saggy. It's so frustrating that I don't want to take more orders 😓
How long i can keep in fridge buttercream ?
Whenever I make a butter cream the icing seems to fall off the cake. Any suggestions?
what if theres only icing sugar with tricalcium phosphate? here in the philippines .
How long can buttercream stay in the freezer. Do you recommend freezing buttercream? I want to make my daughter's bday cake and wanted to make the buttercream ahead of time. Thanks!
How to make whipped cream for cake ?????
what if you are still using liquid food colour can i mix that in instead of the vanilla extract
is it possible to over beat the butter?
How many cups does this recipe make?
The icing sugar we have here in Sri Lanka is a bit too sweet and reducing the amount of  icing sugar affects the texture of it. Is there any solution for this?
If you use colouring powder will that change the consistency of the cream or taste?
Hi @CupcakeJemma What if I want to make the buttercream chocolatey? When should I add the chocolate to it and what about the consistency and all? Thank you :)
She's got tats too???? I love it!
Does this work for icing a large cake ?
What is your opinion/ do you have any tips if people Want to add vegetable Shortening to buttercream?
How long can those cupcakes with buttercream stay under room temperature?
what can I do if my better cream is too sweet??
what type of powder sugar is best?  (I apologize but I didn't quite catch that part) My powder sugar seems to make my icing too sweet, any suggestions?  Thanks
Hey Jemma, I have a question. When I was icing my cupcakes that I had made a let cool, my icing became hard. What happens if your buttercream is soft but then had gotten hard as I finished icing?
What kind of butter cream would you use under gumpaste flowers on a celebration cake?
what should i do when my buttercream becomes hard after i put them in the refrigerator?
Hi most cupcakes are gluten free but that doesn't guarantee that it's wheat free...please can you create a video of how to make wheat free cupcakes so my son can eat cupcakes too..thank you
i can put something for stay more consistency? because in brazil is very hot hahah
Will it be OK if u use gel food colouring?
Hello Jemma!! Firstly, I would like to congratulate you for your one million of subscribes!!! It's amazing! I love all your videos and your tips! I'm from Brazil and here is a tropical country, so its really hard to make a buttercream because of the wheather. But, I will try to do the same way you did, and watching your video, I couldn't understand when you explain about the icing sugar, something about quimical thing or something like this (video time about 3:06). Could you please tell me more about  what I should observe in an icing sugar composition? Thank you so much!!
What about favored?
Is it better to use the paddle or the whipper attachment for making your buttercream icing?
could you make this buttercream by hand if you didnt have a mixer to use?
what is 340 grams in  cups?
hello Jemma....I m from India . I love your channel. please tell me where can we use this Cream..on sandwich cake also we can use it.... after applying it on cake or muffins where should we keep it in freezer or in freez .... please reply
can u precisely tell me what's the brand of butter do u use for butter cream pls
Hi Jemma  I've seen whipped butter in some markets, would this be an option as a BC shortcut? thank you ❤
If I want to make the same for cake then what would be the standard measurements ?
I'm just wondering what do you do, if you cannot get a butter with that high a fat content? We can't get that here, just regular butter, so I am wondering how the buttercream would fare or if I would have to add fat to make it as good as hers.
I did buttercream frosting but it's not smooth, I can still feel the suger powder, so I don't understand what I did wrong?
I tried making this buttercream but i think it's too sweet.... What can i add in it to lessen the sweetness?
Is it me or other too? I hate American buttercream its so buttery in your mouth and too sweet. but when I came too know about Italian buttercream, though it takes time to make but it taste far much more better.
340 gms sugar is equal to how many cups?
Hi Jemma, can you please make a tiered and layered semi-naked cake next? <3
do you think liquid food colouring work
Love the video! One question if you may please....Since it's got milk, is it food safe to leave on open counter top and for how long?
How to make icing for cookies??
does butter cream work perfectly in hot summer season like in pakistan or india ????
how many time i can leave on the refrigerator the buttercream ?  And Have Vality? Thanks
hi, can i use this buttercream and put fondant on top?
Your vanilla looked thick-ish...could you tell us what kind you're favorite might be?
I feel like my buttercream icing always tastes too much like powdered sugar. What am I doing wrong?
hi I made this recipe and it is grainy my buttercream. I just noticed she said to look for something in the icing sugar, is it look for one that has no corn starch? I heard that but I am not sure since I cannot find anywhere here icing sugar without corn starch. I am in Quebec, Montreal, I have look into grocery and special ingredient store such as bulk barn and icing sugar all have corn starch as secon ingredient in there ingredient list. SOmeone help please. Thank you
Should I put my cup cakes in the refrigerator after frosting them?
Hi there!! I love buttercream and really enjoyed this video! One question tho: I am facing an "audience" who finds all varieties of buttercream far too sweet, however I am often asked to bake both cupcakes and layer cakes. What do you suggest?? Especially for layer cakes which needs stability. Ideas would be greatly appreciated!
can you also use margarine, or can you only use butter?
With this buttercream, will it hold buttercream flowers form?
Jemma, Do you have a Swiss Buttercream recipe? or a Chocolate Swiss Buttercream recipe???
How long does the buttercream last btw?
The last time I made buttercream icing, it melted or it went runny which is not very presentable. Does it have something to do with my location because I live near the equator and the room temperature can reach up to 31 degrees Celsius or something with my ingredients and how I mixed them?
I legit don't understand why she wants to put tattoos on her hand she is already pretty enough she doesn't need tattoos to look cool if you get what I mean
Can I use buttercream to decorate an icecream cake? I'm concerned about the consistency it will take when stored in the freezer..
would these measurements comfortably do 24 cupcakes?
I love your videos I have a question can you tell me exactly how much buttercream frosting you should have to make to frosting a double layer cake I'm just starting to bake
What if I only have liquid food coloring?
do you know where you can get this butter in America?
Gemma I dont have butter, is it okay to use margarine?
will this hold in a hot country like the Philippines?
How do you make the perfect level cake for a birthday cake??
How can I achieved buttercream with a hand mixer. I can't afford a stand mixer, or did you recommend any stand mixer that could do this that is less than 50 dls? Or can I make it in a food processor?
Hi Jemma ! Can i use this buttercream to cover cakes too ?
Hello! Help me please, what should I do if my cream senses sugar after mixing?
can i keep the buttercream in refrigerator and how long can i keep it?
could u upload a video making ice cream cupcakes pls
Do you make a Cream cheese buttercream?
what  other  butter can you use
is it icing mix or pure icing sugar?
I'm an Aussie. Are the measurements the same here?
Is there a way to stiffen the buttercream a bit more to withhold the heat a little better? I live in the desert
do you have a video on how to make peanut butter buttercream?
What's the conversion to imperial measurements?  I'm in the US.  Or is it better to weigh the ingredients??
Can you make buttercream by hand? (Without a mixer)
I whipped mine for 10 years and its still not as white as yours :L is it because I have a hand mixer?
Hi Maratha !!! I'm doing 12 regular cupcake and 24 mini sized ones so how much butter cream will need to do the unicorn coloured icing ? ASAP
will you please tell me if I can use this recipe for Russian piping tips....thanks!
do you have to use icing sugar or can it be sugar
Any advice on how to make chocolate buttercream instead of vanilla???
my buttercream always turn out to be too sweet.. any ideas on how to reduce the sweetness???
Do you have a recipe that converts into cups?  That is what I grew up with at home.
Hi. is it perfect for fondant cake ? please let me know. Thanks in advance.
i got a question , for the butter cream, because i dont have a kitchen  aid, so i use the electical whisk, like the one for beating egg. but it didnt work well because my whisk cant go faster ,i think it got some problem. and i use hand whisk to cream the butter  and as a result my butter cream spread and cant "stand"and lag down like a semi-liq is that because i didnt whisk the butter enough before i add the icing sugar?
if u don't mind can u tell me how many sticks of butter and how much icing sugar would that be In cups? please!
Can you do it with margarine? does it whip up?:)
how do u know when your icinging is ready to go in the piping bag because my icing is stiff of the teaspoon but it's still to soft
How to make chocolate buttercream
Is this necessary to use petal attachment instead of whisk attachment .. ? i made it through whisk attachment, it didnt came out good .. So pls tell me ..
is it ok to use a whisk tool on ur mixer rather than a beater?
hi Ms.jemma your videos are so helpful for my thank you.. but I have a problem about devolved sugar in butter " note: I used handel mixre ".. did you think it back to the type of the sugar or the mixre.. and what can I do to fix this problem  thank you a lot.. and execus me about my language 😅❤
gem is it 5 days shelf life even after you've added the milk asbive got a cake lesson coming up and not sure how far in advance I can whip it up any advice be great..Thankyooou xxx
Hi my name is Donna. I'm new to baking and wondering what you meant by a quarter f a spoon of bicarbonate soda and also the icing. I'm not sure what you mean by may start and rest Di dent understand.
Great now how to I change the math to USA measurements? I happy making butter cream is sooo easy.
What happens if i put less icing sugar to the buttercream???
Can you make flower hair with this cream
Jemma ur a star and i love your videos they are all very helpful. Can you please please make a video on how to make buttercream frosting to pipe roses and do a tutorial. ☺
Maybe I didn't whip this long enough but I could feel the texture of the icing sugar in the buttercream. Thoughts? Yes I sift everything.
do you have some tips to make buttercream in hot and humid climate? i found its very tricky to make, and the recipe i alwayd found is overly sweet. would it affect the consistency if i cut down the sugar?
I can feel a lot of grain in my buttercream Icing is it natural ?
in my country its very difficult to take out cake from fridge.its start melting very quickly. is there any tips?
Hello you did an awesome job, but if you don't mind how much of each ingredient did you use. Want to make sure I put the correct amount.
I don't know how to convert this to cups! How many cups is 340g??
hi how would you go about making a nice chocolate buttercream
Are you able to mix with a spatula
what do you do if it comes out runing icing
tried 3 times tonight to make butter cream....all is well,,,,..until I add the milk.....then it looks as though its split/curdled!!....so in the bin it goes!!.....................wat am I doing wrong.......and I use a similar mixer to yours..??
Hi can anyone tell me if u can use this recipe for topping a large cake? Thanks:)
Can you guys translate the ingredients to American English
could you maybe make a video on sugars? Outside of english speaking countries sugars can differ quite a lot.
Jemma, how do you bring butter to room temperature? This weather is leaving butter still solid and unable to make it smooth. What do you do?
Can i add azest of lemon instead of milk?
what is the beat playing through 5:35
hi why does my buttercream sometimes curdal?
I live in America, where can I find that butter, or can you recommend another butter in the US that can be substituted for this type?
hi! what is the regular size of cupcake
What happens if your buttercream gets too oily and starts to melt after being piped from the piping bag? How can one prevent this from happening?
What label of color paste do you use?
Does anyone know why my buttercream gets hard on my cupcakes the next day?
How many cups are 150g??
hi Jemma. can you please make a video of cake fillings. I would love to know how to make different types plus I've seen sometimes chefs use a liquid to brush the cake with before putting the filling...what is it? love your vids.
hi Jemma!!! just want to ask...   can I use this recipe in icing a cake or do you prefer the swiss buttercream??
Hi Jenna love your videos. I made this recipe and love the texture but the I feel it very sweet. Can I add something to diminish the sweetness? Thank you
Hi Jemma!!!! I LOVE YOU!!! thanks for your amazing videos! Can I use margarine or vegetable shortening instead of butter cz I'm a vegan :'(  thank you!
Hi Jemma! I wondered if you can teach how to make the Korean icing that the Korean bakers use for piping flowers. They look like real flowers, glossy and translucent! I have been searching all over the internet and it is hard to find the recipe or someone who teach like you how to make it. I know that they do not use butter or egg. Their main ingredient is beans.  Please if you know how to make the Korean icing make a video for us and do a demo how to make the flowers on the flower nail.   Thank you so Jemma!
Hi Jemma! I wondered if you can teach how to make the Korean icing that the Korean bakers use for piping flowers. They look like real flowers, glossy and translucent! I have been searching all over the internet and it is hard to find the recipe or someone who teach like you how to make it. I know that they do not use butter or egg. Their main ingredient is beans.  Please if you know how to make the Korean icing make a video for us and do a demo how to make the flowers on the flower nail.   Thank you so Jemma!
Hi Jemma, how do you freeze buttercream? How long does it keep for? Thanks x (can you freeze it once milk/colour added)
how do i make a stiffer and healthier buttercream? For piping roses and succulents?
could you please write down the ingredients in cups..   thanks
Do you have a frosting recipe that is not too sweet?
Would this buttercream recipe work for piping flowers?  Other recipes I've seen online include the use of shortening or lard to help the buttercream to hold its shape - would this recipe work well for that?  Thanks
can you keep in the fridge?
Can you use a handmixer to whip the butter?
Can I please ask what colour of paste did u use to make the blue icing shown in the video? Thanks xx
Do u have any of ur frosting that is dairy/lactose free
Do u have a recipe for chocolate frosting
Wat to do if added too much milk and is runny
Can i use heavy cream?
Hi jemma, i tried so many times using butter cream cream icing with creamcheese and put it inside th fridge for the first coating, and and after an hour, it became watery. What is the proper technique to avoid that ? because I'll be making a red velvet cake for a client, and i'm afraid to fail.
does buttercream frosting requires eggs too? i mean without heat though
Can this buttercream be used to pipe flowers like flowers?
So would that be  3/4 cups butter  1 cup powder sugar ??? Instead of in grams?
when i added colour to the buttercream it split....any idea what went wrong?? how to correct it??
How to store the buttercream in a tropical country where it is around 35 degree Celsius?
what if i use salted butter?
hi there, how do i make the same icing but in a smaller quantity to practice with thanks in advance
can you please Speak a little slowly?
hi Gemma where can i get the butter from? Also where can i buy the white trays you have you cakes on in your shop.
How much should i make for a layered cake?
Hi Jemma can you use a normal whisk to mix your ingredients.
How many cupcakes does this icing make
mine came out very airy and whipped. is there something I did wrong? I used a regular unsweetened butter with not as much fat.
What about adding shortening for durability of icing?
How much buttercream icing will i require to make a cookie monster, double layer cake? please guide in grams, will it be enough if i use 400gm butter and 800gm sugar?
whats is the best way to make this a chocolate buttercream?
hi.enjoyed your video. can you tell me where to buy delicious authentic butter? the grocery stores butter doesn't taste like real butter.
Can I make this the day before use and put it in the fridge?
hi jemma  my buttercream gets grainy when we're eating it. I sift the sugar as well & use the same brand that u do & beat it with electric hand mixer. can u please tell why that happens.
is maize starch the same as corn starch?
I want to make a lemon-blueberry mille crepe cake. Im not a big fan of lemon curd, so for lemon buttercream do I substitute the milk with lemon juice? Is it okay if I add a bit of lemon zest to the buttercream? It would be lovely if you made a crepe cake tutorial!
hi jemma.. can you tell me exactly what is the best icing sugar you menioned to use because mine comes grainy and have good taste but bad texture... help pls...
Is there a difference between icing sugar and powdered sugar? I use powdered sugar in this recipe but it didn't dissolved
Hi Jemma! Can I request for a video of how to do whipped cream frosting? thabk you! :)
I wonder why does she use flat beater instead of wire whip ?
what is the name of food coloring you using? brand????
will it have a crust after icing a cake which left it outside the chiller?
is there a brand of icing sugar you can recommend?
May I know this can use for how many cupcakes?
how much buttercream would you need to fill and cover an 8inch cake
for the love of god show us the recipe for the coconut raspberry cupcake pleeeeeeeaaaaassssseeeeeee
What if you over whiped the butter that its looks separated how to you fix it
Hi Jemma what icing sugar brand would you recommend to use thanks
Which butter and milk is suitable if you were making vegan buttercream? Thank you
Where can i find the spatula-typethingy that you used in this video? I cant find them anywhere online!
i tend to use silverspoon icing even though it has tricalcium phosphate because it's easy to pass it through a sieve, i've tried tate & lyle as it's always used by professionals but i really have trouble with it hardening in the packet and then it's really difficult to sift. Do you know why that could be? i store them both the same way?
I literally made this recipe and found that it was way too sweet. I was wondering how I could achieve a lighter fresh cream taste, to fill cakes etc.
could you please use both UK and American metric it really helps thank you
How much buttercream would you make for a 4 layer cake ?
Hey Jemma! Thanks again for an awesome video on buttercream. I adjusted the icing sugar a bit and added more lemon - super zingy! :)   Can I ask what type of stand mixer you're using? Is it Kmix and which series? Thanks! :D <3
Jemma can I somehow use powdered color ? Liquid and paste food color are so expensive in my country ?
if I use vanilla powder how much do I have to put in so it tastes good,I haven't found extract in my nearby stores or anywhere really what do I do
can we use this buttercream for layering cakes? and how much quantity do we need?
Is a wooden spoon better than an electric mixer for making cookies? And which one is better for making cupcakes and normal recipes that you make? A wooden spoon or an electric whisk?
I just started to cook and i saw this video not by you but they added dye and jelly to there butter cream. I just wanted to ask and mabye tell me why she did that. (btw love your videos :D)
how long will butter cream keep for on cupcakes?
hi Jemma. is there any different between paste colour and gel colour  ?
does this buttercream crust if i leave it out open or leave it open in the fridge?
Do the buttercream will sweat after you take out from the fridge?
Hi Jemma here from Mexico. I didnt understand the especification a bout the sugar? can you right it to me please?
Great recipe! I can't wait to try it! I just have 2 questions, how far ahead of time can I make a buttercream vanilla cake? Do I have to make it the night before? And do you have a vanilla cake recipe?
Hi Jemma, which icing as your view doesn't loose its fluffiness after one day? Also which one doesn't give that  icing sugar  taste
Once I discovered your channel, I can't stop watching! I am beyond excited when I get to travel to Europe to try your baked goods.   Could you help? Usually when I put butter cream on my cupcakes, it doesn't tend to hold it's shape and start to melt. What would you recommend I do?
How many cups of buttercream does this recipe make?
please can you do an egg free cake recipe please? my sibling is allergic.
How to avoid grainy buttercream ?  And how to powder the sugar at home ?
Jemma, can i use margarine instead of butter? And if it can't, what's the reason? Please answer me, anyone. I would really appreciate that. Thank you
Hi Jemma, loved your recipe and also tried it. It was lovely.  But I didn't get that melt in the mouth feeling, I could still get the sugar graininess in my mouth. How can I get rid of that? Anything that I need to be careful about? Thank you
what is the normal temperature over there I mean room temperature??
Is it necessary to use whole milk or can I substitute semi-skimmed?  will it affect the finished result.
hi how much buttercream / how many times do i double the recipe to fill, crumb coat and final coat a 8 inch cake approx 4 -5 inch high?
Hi Jemma! I was wondering if you had a recipe for christmas-y gingerbread men? I'm making some for presents in tiny jars, and I wanted some tips of what kind of buttercream goes well with gingerbread, and designs! Any ideas?
Hi Jemma, may I know how to make a nice buttercream with much less sweetness were still be able to achieve the same consistency, smooth perfect buttercream?
Hey Jemma :) I want to ask where do you get those cute little spatulas you use to mix the color to the icing...looked  for a long time but didn't find those anywhere yet :-/ thank you :)
Can we sub some of the sugar with powdered milk? I see a lot of comments saying it's too sweet. :/
I've made buttercream a couple times, but the butter always starts melting as I'm whipping it. Then, I am left with a really buttery and sugary mess. When I left it in the fridge it hardened back into the consistency of regular butter except it was sweet. What did I do wrong?
how much is this recipe in cups?
hello Jemma. i just saw your video and i thought it was so inspiring and helpful! however , is it okay to substitute the whole milk to any regular milk ? will that affect the end result of the icing ?
Every time I try to make buttercream it separates. Is there a certain way to prevent that?
I didn't get the icing sugar part. Which type we should prefer?
Do you find the metal mixing bowl makes a difference? I have the glass one with my Kmix and I find the attachments don't get anywhere near the base, especially if there is a lower quantity of butter or if the butters a tad too hard
What if i wanted to make a fruit buttercream such as pineapple or strawberry? Jams make the buttercream too sweet and fruit goo makes it too runny. Is there a way to get intensely flavoured buttercream without these problems?
hi ms. jemma f u could kindly translate grams to cups in your videos please so no need to search coz im usually using cup measurements..thank u
could this be done in a food processor??
Hey Jemma, with what can I substitue golden syrup if I can't get a hold of any?
At what temperature was the  milk, that you used ? Cause the last time I put in liquid to my buttercream they formed lumps. :(
Hey Jemma! I'm vegan but i still love your videos and i like to veganize your recipes! My problem is that in my country we dont really have many options for vegan butter and my buttercream never looks that fluffy and smooth! :( Do you recomend a certain company's vegan butter for better results? Also, should i change the analogy of the recipe? Thank you! Lots of love <3
how to make crusting butter cream?
If I use a liquid color extract, how many teaspoons should i put in?
Cupcakejemma can u make Christmas shaped cookies
what about adding alcohol to the buttercream such as brandy or Baileys?
Hi Jemma, i was wandering if you could make a Fantastic Beasts or Harry Potter themed cake for the release of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Also it is  my friends birthday and i would like to make her one. I know that i and probably  many more would want a tutorial on this but no one is  asking,  but i would really love it if you would. thanks M Murtza
Will this work for icing the outside of a layer cake?
hi which brand of icing sugar do u use
what is the best butter that you can find in normal supermarkets? i grew up using stork but stopped and now im using lurpak however the butter cream is never thick, and i follow all the instructions
Hi Jemma  My buttercream always gets grainy 🙁 dnt know whats wrong , I follow the exact recipe , I even us timer while beating . Plz plz plz help
Can I reduce the icing sugar? Is the buttercream suppose to taste so sweet?
Can you do this by hand? I don't have a stand mixer!😔
If you are using an electric hand mixer, mixing at a high speed for 5 minutes can result in the motor getting pretty warm which has me worried about abrasion inside the mixer ultimately damaging the hand mixer. Any advice here?
Will a hand mixer do the same job?
Can you make ahead and freeze buttercream?
Hello Jemma, I have a problem with making buttercream where after I added the 2nd batch of icing sugar, the mixture starts to split into a horrible mess... why is it so?
What if mine is too sweet ?
what is the best way to judge how much buttercream you should make?  Every time I try using the quantities a recipe give me I always end up with too little buttercream to cover my cake
Jemma, is it possible to substitute the milk with sweet condensed milk? And sometimes, I find my buttercream a bit grainy, please advise, thanks a bunch! 🙏
what brand of powdered sugar do you use because my buttercream is always grainy
do you have a royal icing tutorial?
Why is my buttercream always runny and liquidy? What should i do to prevent it?
How long did you beat it for? beginning to end
how much butter????
I have searched the Internet so much and can't find what I'm looking for. There's this grocery store throughout my state that has a bakery, for their cakes and cupcakes they have this extremely light and not too sweet frosting. Any idea what it could be?
If I want to make a fruit flavoured buttercream and I know that the juice of fresh fruit can cause it to break, what do you recommend?
I don't have a paddle attachment with my stand mixer, I have the twin beaters, are there any tips or tricks you would recommend since I don't have the paddle attachment?
is this enough buttercream to fill and cover a cake?!
Is there any way to make buttercream with less sugar but the same consistency? I love the consistency but I find it way too sweet, especially on a cake that is already quite sweet. I've experimented with putting in less sugar, but it really affects the consistency.
How to make flavoured butter cream not only with colour e.g grape mango orange blue berry chocolate flavoured and coloured  butter cream ?
Gemma please can you make the m&m cupcakes ? 💞
How to choose icing sugar to avoid the granny texture? Please help me! Thank you!
Has there been a video on Swiss meringue buttercream? I haven't come across it yet
Can we do it with our hands? You're AMAZING ! ✨💯
Is color gel and color paste the same? :3
Where did you get your rubber spoon/spatula? I've been looking for one and can't find but I love yours! :)
how do you get your eyeliner looking so perfect in each video?!
hi Jemma :) thank you for the wonderful videos x. With the silly season coming up, can you inspire us with some baking gift ideas? cookie/cupcake hamper/wrapped DIY presents :) thank you x
hi jemma... i wanted to ask what can we do to avoid crispiness after a while?  i mean that at first its fine without feeling the sugar k after a bit that i froast my cupcakes it created a crust outside.... i had them on my counter, without a box...
Hi Jemma isn't it necessary to add Meringue powder into the mix as a stabilizer?
Hi! I was wondering if you ever use vegan butter to make buttercream and if you have any tips on that! I really like your videos and appreciate the time and effort you put into making them! Thank you!
I have tried so much time but it turned sugary .why so? I used icing sugar
Is there anyway to make nice buttercream but with less sugar?
i would be very interested in frosting options. i've made your buttercream a few times, but it's simply too buttery and sweet for my taste. it's too massive. what else can i do on cupcakes? and could i just half the amount of sugar, probably this affects the consistency..
Hi Jemma... Can you please share how to flavour the buttercream? Like dark chocolate or white chocolate or even fruit "goo"... What is the quantity to be added without losing the consistency.. Thanks for the masterclass : )
Hey Jemma, I loved ur video...I had been searching for a good video on buttercream....thank you so much but please help me a little more...what is the exact weight of buttercream that is prepared with these measurements?
how do you thicken up icing without making it too sweet? I made it exactly the way you did and it was still too soft for piping (it wasn't hot in my house or anything). I used regular unsalted butter. once it was made but was too soft, could I have put it in the fridge for a little bit to firm it up?
can u use the wisk attachment on your mixer to make the icing lighter or is the K beater better?
What if the icing gets watery what can we do?
I feel like recipes that i follow ( which i arnd the same) like zoella and cupcake gemma, the icing comes out SO sweet and i  can actl see sugar crystals in it??? I whipped it for a very long time tho. Maybe its my blender? or maybe i cant bake lol
Hey Jemma! What if you want buttercream that isn't quite as sweet? Will the consistency be messed up if you just put in less sugar? xx
Love watching your videos!! Can you show your version of a Boston Cream Pie?
This as a great video, Jemma....very helpful!  I'm wondering if you have to mix the vanilla in with the milk or can you add it separately?  It seems that if you don't end up using all of the milk, you'll then be missing some of the vanilla flavor also.
@cupcakejemma I have tried, and thankfully completed successfully most of your cupcake recipes. But the one thing that I had most problem with was the buttercream. I have noticed that you use the icing sugar a little more than double the amount of the butter in all your videos. Is that ratio absolutely necessary for the perfect buttercream? Does it work the same if we add a little less of the sugar? And also, does using an electric whisk affect the outcome any differently?
Why do u use the paddle attachment as opposed to the balloon attachment ?? Love you + ur videos !! When my mom went to England I made sure she bought ur book for me because I couldn't find it here lol 💟💟
can you sho us how to make your unicorn rainbow cake? please~ they are just so freaking cute!!!!!!!!!!!!
when I over whipped, it slightly melts. not as fluffy as yours. is it because in Indonesia is so humid and hot?
hi jemma! can you give us a link on where you get your coloured pastes from?
Jemez, can I make buttercream frosting by hand? I don't have a standard or hand mixer at home. My home is kinda small and it doesn't have a lot of storage.
Jemma, i live in tropical country, and i try make this recipe once but the consistency is too soft. what should i do? i didnt add milk cause its already too soft to work with.
I’ve seen some recipes for buttercream that has shortening in it. What’s the reason behind some using that and others not?
hi jemma just wanted to know when i make buttercream like yours there is an after taste how can i make buttercream without the after taste of icing sugar ty
love love love your channel. I see another person has asked this but I really want to know as well, how do you figure out how much butter to the amount of sugar is there a set ratio. for making different amounts of butter cream it would be handy to know the basis 😍 xx
I've been waiting on this video for so long. Is there an alternative to using butter? I know someone deathly allergic to dairy (anaphylaxis) and I'd love to make it dairy free. Does shortening work? Or vegan margarine?
Hi Jemma, can I reduce the amount of icing sugar when making buttercream? Because if I do exactly the tutorial, my cream turns out to be so sweet. Thanks.
What type of vanilla extract do you use?  I notice it is very thick.
Wait wait wait wait...  crispy icing nuggets sound kind of delicious.
How about gel food coloring? That is the only coloring I have
I never get this result even with an electric hand whisk because I donnait have any kitchen aid or electric mixer ... and the taste always feels like it has lumps of sugar so it is not good at all... any advice ? :(
jemma would you recommend the k beater mixer as mine has just died after 45 years and see so many on the market
Hi Jemma do you know how to make a less sweet buttercream frosting? Thx i love you xx
What are your thoughts on ermine icing?
Thank u so much Jemma, u r so lovely 😊 .. and i really like ur videos .. and can u please tell me if i add more sugar in my better wt can i do for fix it 😭
Can you make this using a hand-whisk?? Thank you xx
Just wondering how you would suggest storing an iced cake until it's time for serving!
Can I use this recipe to cover and fill a cake? or Does it have different process?
Do you employ people often because when I'm older I would love to work at crumbs and dollies. Btw I love your vids. Xxx
IF I made my butter cream too loose is there any way to save the batch or do I need to make another one? Can I whip my butter cream too much?
+CupcakeJemma Hello Jemma, are you supposed to still feel and taste the tiny sugar grains in the buttercream? Thank you!
Can you overwhip the buttercream?
i usually just need a little teaspoon of liquid. Is that normal?
We only have margarine in my house and it's way softer than butter, will that affect the consistency of the buttercream if I use the same measurements?
Hi jemma....i would like to know which colour paste brand is good??
Can I use margarine instead of butter? Or what other substitute could I use? I'm on a dairy free diet
So this is pipe able??
This is a silly question but why is buttercream so sweet?
I've seen you don't use a Kitchenaid but a Kmix, why? I may buy one of those mixers and I'd like to know the reasons why you prefer one and not the other! thanks in advance x
Jemma, is there a rule for the buttercream measurements? a proportion? I mean, sometimes I just need a little less or more. it would be good to have a basis of the amounts. thank you so much! love what u do!
how can I make cream that similar to the buttercream but less sweet?
Hey Jemma so i was wondering if you could do cakes with a wooden spoon because i dont have a kitchen aid and i find it difficult to move it and mix it around to make it to your consisdensy. Also i am struggling to make liquid icing using icing sugar and water. please could u make a video on that as i find that there are load of lumps and a bit watery. Thank u xx
How would you make chocolate buttercream?
Jemma what type of icing sugar do you use as I would like to know so I can put it on the top of my mums birthday cake
How much buttercream does  C&D make in a month?
My icing always curdles when I add milk WHYYYYY?!?!?!!!!!!! Please help 💕
My problem with buttercream is when i try to add colour i can never get a good colour as the buttercream is quite yellow even if you whip it until it's very pale, any idea on the best colourings to use  or how i can overcome this problem?
I had a horrible experience coloring buttercream red. I wanted a deep vibrant red but it was very light. I added more red dye and it ended up tasting like a toxic chemical. How do you achieve darker colors without jeopardizing the taste of the buttercream with excessive dying?
why is it that we have to use unsalted butter??? .Thank you
hello Jemma. Love your movie. Do you have some recipies or advices if I want to flavor buttercream with fruits? For example with whole strawberries not chemical flavor. Also how much can I reduce the sugar becouse it is way to sweet for my taste...
please do a recipe on biscoff cupcakes!
Jemma, do u recommend a kitchen aid artisan or one of the kenwood mixer ( if it's the case, which one)??
Can you please do a chocolate fudge buttercream! Xx
what other types of buttercream are there besides vanilla?
When you said to avoid icing sugar with Tricalcium Phosphate and look for maize starch instead, did you mean the opposite? I've just been googling to try and find some with maize starch, and couldn't find any - then google started bringing up results of bakers saying that icing sugar with maize starch makes buttercream grainy, and to look for Tricalcium Phosphate instead? I love your channel by the way, it's beautiful and so inspiring :) Thank you
How about refreshing the buttercream stored in the fridge? should leave at room temperature and beat it again or what's the best way to refresh it?
If you use such an amount of sugar, isn't the buttercreme way to sweet? I mean 340g sugar on 125g butter is quite a lot ^^
Erm where is the vanila extract link?
can you put the music you use in the description box pls? love your videos <3
btw i dont get why Gemma hasnt got under 1 million suscribers? she deserves way more!
