the resipe of the malay chinese char qui  🙂 noodles black soy sauce with beef and mashroom ?
What about the other half of the sauce?
First I toast the sesame seeds then I just use regular broccoli, and throw some pre-sliced carrot strips, maybe some crushed peanuts, cilantro, and i just use regular chili oil, with some Serrano or Thai peppers instead of the jalapeños I put in everything...?
Hi! To make it vegetarian, is it better to omit the oyster sauce or use the mushroom one?
Where can I buy Ho Fun noodles?
How do you add spiciness to it?
My only concern is coating the beef with oil will block the soy sauce from penetrating the meat.
Hello Pailin, can lasagna sheets be used for this dish. Also the Chinese broccoli be replaced for Bok Choi? The noodle sheets can be cut and brushed with a layer of oil to prevent sticking if kept in the fridge. That would also help in preventing from frost bite.
HI,   Are Ho Fun noodles really difficult to find?   The local Asian supermarket (Naperville, IL) says the company has gone out of business and they can't get them from anyone else.    Any suggestions?   THX
Thank you Pailin! Would you make a recipe on how to make the rice noodles at home? Where I live they are not available, so I'd have to make my own. Thank you.
I’ve ate this twice at a restaurant and each time, I’ve had major stomach sick the next day. Do restaurants typically tend to use other ingredients for this? With your ingredients, I can’t see anything that would aggravate my body like it does at the restaurant.
How do you cook frozen flat rice noodles?
Have you made your own fresh fat noodles with the noddle machine? I've been thinking to make some.
A quick question: why did you just not mix the sugar in the sauce you prepared before hand? (Sorry if this is nonsense to ask 🫣😬) 6:26
Does anyone know what oil she is using? I know this video is old, so I’m assuming creator isn’t checking these comments anymore haha. Looks amazing!
is there a reason to not put the sugar in the sauce? would that affect the charring of the noodles?
What about the rest of the sauce?🙈😂
@Pailin'sKitchen Hello I live in Australia and can't find the Dragonfly black soy sauce. What brand besides that will work please?
does anyone know why you add the sugar to the wok instead of including it in the sauce? and if you put it in the sauce instead (as some recipes suggest) what is the difference?
Where can you find the noodle sheets?
Can kecap manis be a substitute for Thai Black Soy Sauce?
Looks delicious!  What is the Thai name for Drunken Noodles?  Any dish with the wide flat noodles is great too.
Can the sugar be mixed with the sauce, or is it important to add it separately? Thank you so much for your recipe!
What happened to the other half of the sauce?
If I’m using dried e fu noodles should I cook it separately first ?
Would the oiling trick work with other proteins like shrimp or chicken?
Hi Pailin, please tell me a way i can cook my pad see ew noodles so it doesn’t break apart when i cook them? Because my first time cooking them and the noodles broke apart 😭🤣
I live in Vancouver too. Can you please tell me where you buy the rice noodles in sheets?
I love those glass prep bowls.  Where did you get them.
Could you share all the picture of the sauces bottles so we can pick the right one . Pad se ew is my favorite food .
Does anyone know if those noodles are gluten free? Thinking about making this for a friend but they can’t have gluten unfortunately
what wok are you using?? all i keep seeing are the nonstick ones with coating. looking for something that i can use a metal spatula with and not scratch.
What was the first soy sauce
When you add 1 tbsp of "soy sauce", is that any particular kind of soy sauce? Is it just regular soy sauce like Kikkoman or is there a Thai soy sauce that would be better?
how do you keep the noodles dry as in not sticky and wet?
What are your thoughts on mixing kecap manis with Chinese dark soy sauce, to substitute the Black soy sauce?
Can you please do some gluten free meals
do you have a video showing the difference between Prik Nam Pla vs Prik nam som
May I ask, which soy sauce did you use?  Thin Thai soy or mushroom Thai soy?
The name Pailin reminds me of Cambodia..? Anyway love your cooking and thanks for sharing.
Do you ever make the noodles from scratch?
Thank you for this video. I am going to try this this week. I have already made many of your dishes. My favorites are the steamed fish and green curry chicken, also the soups. Couple of quick questions.. 1. Can you please recommend the store bought noodles brand? I get so confused not knowing why there are so many different noodles in these stores. 2. How long do you toast the beef? Was that Sirloin steak you used? I only heard Sirloin. Thanks in advance
What about the dry noodles? How you cook them?
What about the other sauce?
so why did you wipe off the oil that you cooked protein in? isn't it better to just keep cooking in the same oil since it will hold the flavour of the marinade/coating and plus you're cutting down on oil.
Hi Pailin, does the palm sugar get spoiled? mine had specks of white spots, does that mean it's bad now?
Am I the only one who hasn't found a soy sauce they like other than LaChoy? I used to buy Chun King. But I haven't seen that brand in years. I don't like Kikkoman soy sauce. And IMO,  every other brand I've tried taste like Kikkoman. Anyone else?  Almost everyone thinks I'm crazy cuz they can't taste a difference in soy sauces. Only other person I've ever met who can, is my 14 year old daughter. Who is just as picky about soy sauce as I am.
can you show us how to make Kao Moo Dang Moo Grob sauce please ?
Love it and how you teach even the cutting! Great tips! Thanks! Could you please consider make a vdieo on drunken noodle and khao soi pleeeease?:)
Has anyone actually cooked this according to the recipe? I thought it was really bland and lacked depth. I'm going to try to double the sauce recipe. I followed the meat, gailan and noodle amounts exactly. I used cast iron and got great color on the noodles...just bland.
Is the dark soy sauce sweet or salty?
Pailin how do you cook the dry Thai rice noodles?
My noodles keep breaking into tiny pieces even when I fry one portion at a time. I use a wok too. Please help ? I’ve attempted to make pad see yew 5 times already. I buy the fresh noodles and seperate them into individual pieces by hand.
Can you use Maggi seasoning in place of the golden mountain sauce?
Thank you for this! Is it possible to use Indonesian sweet soy (kecap manis) instead of dark soy?
What distinguishes Pad See Ew from Pad Thai? Is Pad See Ew more similar to Singaporean Fried Kuay Tiao or Beef Hor Fun noodles?
What is that type of pan called?
hello, any recommendation how to get a good wok like yours? Thanks!!
Cannot find these noodles in store or online..... any suggestions??
where can i find the sheets like that? any ideas in san francisco?
Is there a substitute for fresh noodles?
Khun Pai, what can I use instead of Chinese broccoli? Anything close to that?
Where can I find these cute little prep bowls with the pour spout?
Is ABC sweet soy sauce Kali man is the same as dark soy sauce?
Hi! What is the name for dish very same to pad see ew, but more like soup?
Thanks for the recipe! If we dont have fresh noodles here, can we use yhe dry version? Shall it be cooked before?
How do you increase the level of spiciness? What ingredient do you recommend to alter
Anyone know the brand of rice noodle sheet shes using?
What brand if noodles is she using? I can't find it :(
How do you get your rice noodles to toast without sticking to the bottom of the wok?
Thanks for the recipe. This looks awesome. I was just wondering where I am able to buy the noodles, I guess I will try the Asian store first and see if they do carry them. Thank you again.
can you show me how to make pad kee mow??? thank you for all the great instructions Pai!
Where can I get the Soy Sauce you use in Los Angeles? Having a hard time finding the brand you use or a similar dark soy sauce.
What did she do with the other half of the sauce mixture?
Hi  Thanks for this. Can you tell me what burner you are using for your wok? It looks like this one: https://www.amazon.com/Iwatani-Corporation-America-35FW-Metallic/dp/B00522F2R2/ref=sr_1_10?keywords=wok+burner&qid=1567897408&s=home-garden&sr=1-10
If I’m making a party tray, should I still cook 1 serving until I fill the tray?
What kind of knife are you using there?
What about beef juice being wiped off.
do u have recipe for the chili vinegar ?
What is this big noodle called in Thai language?
In your book, the recipe for Pad See Ew calls for 1lb of fresh noodles. I don't have access to fresh noodles and I want to use the extra wide dried noodles I have in my pantry. Will soaking half a pound of dry noodles achieve one pound rehydrated noodles for a good ratio in this recipe? Thank you in advance.
What is the difference between the blue cap and orange cap dragonfly sauces?  What does it mean when a bottle says double black soy sauce? Is Koon Chun a good substitution for the Dragonfly brand (import prices are crazy)?
Hello new subbie here and I wanted to know what types of seasoning to use if you want it very spicy not regular spicy like black or white pepper or cayenne pepper but Thai spice?
Where can we purchase the fresh noodles?
Hi,  Quick question, what brand of Thai black soy sauce do you use?
Can you please tell me where we could buy these rice sheets from which you cut up the noodles? And for how long can you keep them in the frig? Do you need to wrap the rice sheets with plastic wrap or.....how do you store them in the frig? Thanks please tell me.
i love your recipes! Can you make Pad Ba Mee, I get it from my local thai place! Stir fried egg noodles w. bean sprouts, baby corns, onions, mushroom, Napa, carrots and scallions :) I'd love to get the recipe!!!
How much sugar did she put
The soy sauce you use is it the mushroom soy sauce? You didn’t show the bottle
Question: Why not mix the sugar in with the soy sauce?
Did I miss something? You only added half of the soy mixture. How about the rest?
If it's hard to find fresh chow fun could you substitute large dried rice stick noodles and soak them? Like the ones you use for pad thai, but wider. Is there a way to partially cook them so they have the same hydration as fresh chow fun?
Why the wok so dirty?
In Bangkok street food I think the wide noodle is Sen Yai?
What is your main sauce ingreidants for this meal?
You are so gorgeous and the food you cook looks yummy. Are you married?
What kind of gas grill is that? Does anyone know?
Can this be made with mama? I used to get pad mama from a food truck in college but the taste sounds more similar to this dish
Where can I get the noodle sheets?
whyd you make all that sauce and only use half instead of just halving the sauce recipe and using it all
Is this the same as drunken noodles?
Hi, those noodles get bad quickly do u know how to keep it from getting old fast?
What da heck is white pepper
what's the difference bet. the orange and blue caps? :)
Hi! I love all your recipes but I have a question! Every time that I have made this one  the noodles taste kind of dry! What do you think I am doing wrong? Thank you!
why does american cooking seem so bland and boring... this is great food and i love it
Do you use a separate burner because it's easier to record or the flame is stronger, better for wok cooking?
I think she split the soy sauce mixture in half.  What happened to the other half of the mixture?
Looks delicious. Would it work with chicken and sambal-oelek?
What about a white cap? I found one with a white cap
I like this but how can  I find it.
Hi I like your channel and Thai food is my only favorite food.iam vegetarian and just want to know to how to make this recipe with vegetables..and one very important question is Thai restaurants use same curry past for green curry veg or non veg.....?
when ordering in Thailand would you put the protein at the start or the end, ie for chicken would you say gui pad see ew?, or pad see ew gui?
can you show us what kind of soy sauce you use because there're a tons of them, thank you
You are so beautiful! Are you Chinese or Thai? I just discovered your channel. Made my day!  Btw, what kind of gas burner is that? I have an electric stove, and it is terrible for wok cooking. I'm thinking about buying that kind of stove!
Have anyone try making this dish please let me know how it turn out. Thank you.
What are those noodles made from?
I have American broccoli growing in my garden. I know it is not the same but can I use that broccoli leaves and stem as you do? Is the flavor smilar?
Is it bad if you cook the pad see ew in a large pan?
maybe can you do a video showing the ingredients you will need first?
can you put more of the bottles of what you have? Sorry I don't have time to actually watch all the recipes now but I'm just kind of looking through.  it helps to show the bottle because then when I'm shopping I can find it
Where did you get those small glass bowls with a spout from?
Hi Pai,  I have never seen the flat noodles you have used, the full sheet, here in Toronto. Even in Vancouver. Which version do you use?
I can't find these noodles anywhere! When I ask for Ho Fun noodles at asian markets they seem to laugh and not know what I want?  What brand do you use ? so I can order them direct. Thank you
where did you get your knife, please? I would like to purchase
This is my favorite Thai dish. Could you make a low carb version of this with zoodles?
I recently found your videos and have loved them! I have successfully done two recipes. Do you have a video on how to store the sweet radish for the pad thai or the sauces in general? I want to make sure I am storing them properly.
Hi, Why do you add white granulated sugar and not palm sugar??
@Pai : Is Black Soy Sauce is mean Kecap Manis in Indonesia ? Because it is Sweet not the Salty one like Pearl River Dark Soy Sauce, right ???
Can you be my cook forever? So I don't have to keep going to thai restaurants.  😍
Can you tell me where you bought your wok, Thanks!
Are you full Thai? You look more Viet to me.
It looks like kwetiau goreng, makes me super nostalgic... Wonder if the ingredients are available close by, doesn't seem to be too hard to make~
do you have a recipe for noodlessoup ??  i love you you make nice cooking videos
Great recipe. Tried it tonight, however, when toasting the noodles in the wok, I got them pretty brown and toasted, but it had no wok hei. Is this because you just can't do wok hei in a home kitchen or am I missing something?
Is your black soy sauce same with sweet soy sauce (Kecap Manis)?
Is it possible to make large amounts of the sauce and store it for a long period of time (obviously containing it well, within maybe a jar or something)?
I actually have a question for you my family and I would go to this best Thai food place we always eat there although the last time we went there we got pad see ew, but the last time we got it it tasted like green tea and the other just did not taste right can you please tell me what they did wrong because this never happened before
Hey quick question about the black soy sauce, at my Asian grocery store I saw both the orange cap and blue cap for sale. While I noticed u use the orange cap I've seen that the Thai restaurant I like uses the blue cap instead. What exactly are the differences between the two?
can you get that nice char flavor if you use a normal nonstick pan instead of a wok? also would making this without oil help add to the "char" taste?! Awesome video!
Hey Pai, do you have tips on how I can substitute fresh noodles with dried ones? I followed the instructions and soaked them for an hour in cold water, but they were still too chewy after I stir-fried them, so I had to add more water in the wok. Is that the right thing to do or should I have soaked them longer, in warm water, etc?
is there a reason why you didn't add the sugar in with all the sauce to mix it first?
I just bought a lot of the fresh noodles from the grocery store but I may have went over board and bought five. How do I preserve the rest from going bad because I know I won't use all the noodles.
what cut of beef?
Can we use the dried noodles if we don't have the fresh ones? Which brand do you recommend and how would you prep it? Thank you!!
Pai, what kind of wok were you using in this video? Was it carbon steel wok by Joyce Chen?
What happened to the remaining sauce ? :) ;) love you chanel !
what's about sour curry for the next episode?
Looks delicious!!!! Can you please tell me what wok you are using? it is not stainless steel is it?  Thank you!
What is the difference between the noodles in this video and the old one? In your first video, you said its better to use the noodles fresh, the same day we buy it. But in this one it seems we can put it in the fridge without any problem? By the way, I often make your 1st recipe of pad sew and it's so delicious! I also tried your tom yum fried rice, I love it!
Thanks for making an updated video of this recipe - it's one of my favorites! I just have two questions... 1) What are some additional brands of the dark soy sauce that you would recommend, especially in the states? I have seen 'sweet' soy sauce in Thai markets that looks dark and thick but i'm not sure that's the one. 2) I notice you don't use dried noodles much, is there a reason for that? All I have access to are the dried variety, which I guess leads to me to ask - is there a certain way you would cook the dried ones (maybe al dente) before adding them to the stirfry?
you dont boil the noodles? you just put it in the pan?
What was the soy sauce you were using in addition to the black soy and golden mountain? In your original video you were using light soy sauce is that still the case here? And if so what brand? Are you using healthy boy?
can you find the noodles in T&T?
wow looks really good! I have a question tho can you please tell me the name/brand of the soy sauce you use in your cookings? i bought the Kikkoman soysauce with the green cap(less soduim) but it doesnt add any colour to my food at all and not much flavour either, what do you reccomend me to buy? Also does the vegetarian oyster sauce taste exactly like the real oyster sauce or not? Thank you in advance! :D
Would you be so kind as to explain the difference between the dark soy sauce with the blue cap and the one with the orange cap. I have been using the one with the blue cap?? Thank you in advance for your reply. :)
Is it absolutely necessary to use a similar style wok in your video in order to achieve maximum "noodle toasting" or would a non-stick wok work as well? It's hard to find the non non-stick woks round here.
