Who is here seeing during lock down
How are you thinking that
Not the outdoors?!?!
how many skewer she say?
can you show how to fold the papers properly?
Who's watching this during Covid 19 lockdown
plastic tube? that's a straw
Where is Christine with no h
2:52 ummm, what??
How do you even fold the square in on the first activity after you folded it into the square. And without crumbling it. Could you explained how to fold it in please?
What is this I can't make this 🙄
Well what do I do now. Since I am board of this video.
OMG IS THAT A PLASTIC STRAW SKSKSKKSKSKSKSKSKSK SAVE THE TURTLES
do you know troom troom has a secret channel
Tell us how to cut I skwer in the middle 😾😾😾😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
Do you not have hobbies? Or books??
Can u guys mark it a little slower I  having a big problem with foldi g
when will u guys replace that overenthusiastic narrator thing? it gets on my nerves
my friend:how many postcards do you want to give me?
With our own hands      Really?
Why is there no stick man coming out of a book.
who else hates the word rhoms?
You should do 15 life hacks to do when you are bored of arts and crafts??
How do you make the end  lest post card it was hard to told it
With the Raul’s one we don’t know how much measuring we have to do that on it
How do you even make that endless postcard on 0:56 to 0:57? Does anyone know?
How beautifully the glitters are dancing, really?
What if you don’t have friends
My name is Jodi-Leen and i tried to do the postcard and it didnt work. When i came to fold the paper in the square it didnt work out. Can you explain pls
How do they do the transforminghexagon
October 2018?
Cool hacks but why are your thumbnails like hell
I came to see the stick figure in the thumbnail- where is it :'3
7:10 wat is this call or name reply ln this if u know no bad comment tysm
7:12 what is it called? I was thinking of printing out a cut out of the same thing or finding a more specific video.
Where do you live
how to you do that weird fold thing on the endless postcard
Please you tell me how to do that antistress
I have question are all of you girlfriends
7:19 TELL ME THE LENGTH pls
how the heck do you do the 1st one  the last step always confuses me can u help me
What the hell are skewers?! 2:06
In 2:26 am i only notice that its look like kind of exo logo?
Do you have a pet bearded dragon because I do I just got it yesterday
How do you make the transformer
who watch this july 2018???
Who else doesn’t do the hacks requiring measurements? I’m too lazy too haha
Can i ask please what is the phone in the thumbnail is doing realy ? Are you kiding me ?
who whatches videos and dont do life hacks?
What friends?😂
1:46 I'm confused how do you move it!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! She must be editing that yeah she is
Who else always does the last hack in bathroom ? Edit:thanks for all the likes
Hmm I thought u didn’t have a friend since she’s on vacation? Well 0:28 there’s a switch
Troom troom why r u not making room decoration hacks
0:40 - 1:10 i can't do this! How to do this?
Why are we still here? Just to suffer?
In which country  do u guys shoot your videos
Uh what about the thumbnail
How do you make this seahorse
Do you now that my concent and me are Doing  the experiment
AND WHAT IF WE ARE BORED FROM DOING THIS
Who the hell is scared of caterpillars
What game name of this min..7:08
