Can we dye our dark brown hair(asian) without bleach?how long does it last for
I recently bleached and dyed my hair a few weeks ago using Splat brand hair dye and the green color that came out was not what was shown on the box. As a matter of fact it was the exact shade of blue/teal that I have been seeing very frequently around my area and I wonder if others have had the same problem. My hair has started fading to the bleach now and I'm about to use Manic Panic Enchanted Forest to try and fix it. Wish me luck.
Will this work on natural grey hair?
How many jars would you suggest for dip dying thick bellybutton length hair?
I am a natural blonde would I need to bleach hair in order to get vibrant or bright hair?
will it leave any stains in my hair? i want to use this but am terrified i end up being unable to go back to my natrual blonde without bleach
Hey manic panic! I was wondering what you would recommend to have really dark blue hair, my hair is naturally black.
How do you tell if the bleach is out of your hair
How many bottles/pots did you use? And can I mix the amplified dye with the classic one? This is really important, someone please answer😬
since manic panic isnt really supposed to damage your hair an it vegan would it be ok to redo your hair with it every week?
hey manic panic I was wondering what color you would recommend if you want dark red hair?
Hi, do you have any temporary hair dyes? Xxx
I tried using vampire red on my black hair and I left it on for about 45 minutes and followed the instructions but it still came out very very subtle to the point where you can't see it unless you look very closely. I'm not willing to bleach my hair at any cost so my friend recommended this product to me but I'm wondering if I'm doing something wrong or if I should leave it in longer, I'm not really sure?
Hi.. I am planning to make my hair gray/white using a blue steel Manic Panic.. Do I have to mix a "white conditioner" to the manic panic product? ive seen some videos doing that? or can i apply the product right away? currently have a bleached hair. thanks
I have black hair and I want to dye it dark blue without bleaching it. How can I do? Will this work if I apply the dye and let it on long enough??  :)
i'm wanting to dye my hair fuschia shock, and i'm wondering if i can bleach my hair with another brand called nice'n easy. will the color still be okay or do i HAVE to use manic panic bleach? also, how long does fuschia last in hair?
can I use the bleach with other hair dyes besides manic panic?
I dyed my son's hair (he's a dark blonde) the electric lizard and it barely stuck 😩 what did I do wrong? We left it on for 30mins but after he washed it out, there's not even a tint.
Also is there any way to dye my hair near the roots but not actually dye the roots?
Could I just dye my hair back to brown if this stays in longer than I want?
Hi so I have blond ombre hair and I want to put on the Blue Moon one will it take the blond out too?
hi i dyed my hair red a while back during the summer once it was pretty then before school i dyed it again got in trouble dyed it again and its still red  ut its been i think 2-4 months maybe not exactly sure but i asked someone how long it took to fade and she said it took forever and if you look at my google pic on here its blond with natural highlights and i also had blue on the bottom three weeks before i fully dyed my hair red and i wanna know hoe long it will fully take to fade can you help me ???blues gone of course but its been red for a while!!
What do you do if you want to change to another color later? I am thinking of doing some blue over the next 2 months then want to go back to a purple or red later. Do I have to do anything special to change to a new color?
It's gonna work on grey hair or not? As I just want to cover my grey hair roots.
I'm dying mine with vampire red right now but my hair never got frothy? I used enough to cover all of my hair but even when i worked it in it didn't get frothy. How do I make it frothy/ does it need to be frothy for my hair to come out correctly?
does dark blue and/or purple work on brown hair
About how long would ultra violet last on bleach blonde hair? Also is it truly temporary or will i have to re-bleach my hair?
I love the Fuschia Shock and follow the instructions to a T, but for some reason it never gets frothy when I work it in, but it will froth up when I rinse. Did I buy a bad batch?  It comes out looking great but only lasts a few days before the first wetting/shampooing then half of it washes out.  Normally I have a medium brown hair but had it treated so most of it is bleached to a blonde(roots)/strawberry blonde/light rust(ends) so not sure if that's why it's not frothing. *shrugs*
I tried it on my hair and I could not see the color, does it work on ethnic hair?....Do I have to bleach first? what did I do wrong?
im gna buy manic panic but im not sure which colour to get blue or pino
I am putting Shocking Blue on natural blonde, how will it show up and how long do I let the dye stay in?
Do you have to leave it for 24 hours? If not, how long do you have to leave it on for (the shortest)?
I don't know if you said how long but, how long do you keep it in your hair? Also how long does it stay in your hair (when you don't get chlorine)
will Rockabilly Blue show up on my hair. its a natural dark brown...but i want a dark almost navy blue..will that work?
my hair color is a really dark brown , almost black . what colors would look good for my hair without bleaching it ?
If you let the dye in your hair for like, hours, will it last more washes?
Will it still work if you dont bleach your hair?
IMPORTANT QUESTION!!!!!!! Does heat straitening your hair fade the colour???????
when washing out dye what shampoo and  conditioner should I use?
Would 1 tub be enough for waist length hair?
What's the best shade to put on dark brown / black hair ?
I have two colors that I am dying my hair with, vampire red and ultra violet! I can't wait but I don't have some of the things.. (Tint brush) can you use other things like a paint brush that's like a tint brush?
Hi,  what colour did you use on the model? thanks
Dream job? Manic Panic hair model. 👌🏼 is a hair model a thing? If not it should be 🤔
I really want to dye my hair with Manic Panic's Purple Haze but I have no idea how to go about asking my mother if I can, as I have never had it dyed before.
How long does the dye last? And how can you keep it bright?
I have my hair highlighted silver and I have a natural black hair colour. Can I use manic panic to recolour the silver bit? Will it change the natural black hair? Thanks
what color did u use on her hair?
Does any of your colors work on brown hair? I don't want to bleach it if I dot have to :) My hair is not very dark but it is a tiny bit red because I dyed my hair red about a year ago
so... what if you don't want to bleach your hair.... will the color still show?
Hi I used manic panic purple haze and it looked gorgeous. But after you dye it, do you rinse it with shampoo? My color came out in two days when i showered once. Please recommend me a certain shampoo that won't wash out. Thank you!
I used toner but it did only a TINY LITTLE THING. :( My hair is yellowish blonde will cotten candy pink work on that still???
Do you have a pink colour not too "flashy" but still light?
will this be okay to go over henna done hair.
Can we get white hair if applied white color after bleaching kit?
+manic panic do you have eany tips to split dyeing your hair?
Manic Panic, where in South Africa do you have the store?
I bought the violet velvet, but I don't want to bleach my hair. Will it show up ok on brown hair?
after one color of dye fades could you just dye it another color without having to bleach it again?
If you bleach your hair and dye it rockabilly blue, when the blue fades, will the blonde hair come back so you can dye it green?
Hi, I'm wondering, which hair colors looks more blond, Electric Banana or Yellow Sunshine?
So do you add anything to the dye while putting it on your hair? or just the dye...
I have dyed my hair purple with manic panic. And i want to dye my hair a color that will fade to a pastel pink what  color of manic panic should i use???
Hello Manic Panic ladies. So when I dyed my hair with Manic Manic Rock a Billy Blue & Ultra Violet, once I rinsed it out and stuff, wherever I sat or layed down (even with my own fingers) it would stain everything that dye got into??? Why???
Manic Panic, do you have any stores in South Africa or only 1, in which ever country you live in?
will the color take on hair greased in coconut oil?
my hair is almost black do u recommend bleaching it? cause i want my hair half black and half blue
Hey :) do you think that if I take natural red hair and dye it all black, with pastel atomic turquoise tips, no bleach, will it turn out okay, and will the red come back? Also should I make sure not to go near my root so it doesn't grow in black? Thanks so much :)
Do you mix this with anything??
What does Hot Hot Pink look like?  Manic Panic I'm gonna dye my hair Hot Hot Pink and I need to know, When you put the color in, what does it look like when rinsed out? Light Pink, Medium Pink, Magebta , Pinkish Purple Ombre? How much do you have to put in? I'm confused. I saw vids of people dye their hair Hot Hot pink and eachvid showed a different pink with the same dye.
How long do you leave the bleach inn??
I have really dark hair what color should I get
My hair is dark brown, will one application of the flash lightning bleach it enough to get white hair using Virgin Snow?
Is the bleach semi permanent too? I know, I sound really stupid LOL.
My hair is like really dark brown (almost black) and which colours would show up on my hair without bleaching it?
What color would show up best on medium brown hair without having to bleach it?
#Manic Panic I have really dark hair basically black and its textured, what would be the best volume to use of your product to bleach my hair?
+manic panic, Is there a difference between 30 developer and 40 developer?
+manic panic, is there a minimum time that the Bleach can be left on for?
I have medium ash brown colored hair. I'm not allowed to bleach my hair and I really want to dye my underlayer of hair mystic heather. Will it show up well?
Does one flash lightning kit cover shoulder length hair?
+Manic Panic, is the Manic Panic 40 developer bleach safe? and how early can I dye my hair after I bleach it?
i got dark brown hair and want to have aa very dark red color in hope that it would be a bit darker then the ppl who have highlighted/bleached it but if i want the color vampire red, do i have to bleach?
I bought Rock 'N Roll Red today and I have light-medium brown hair and I'm not allowed to bleach, I'm aware that it probably won't do that much to my hair now after reading comments, so to maybe make it stay or show up better should I use heat? And let it sit longer? Thank you!
what is the darkest red\almost burgundy shade?
If I wanted a deep dark burgundy what color would you recommend and how could I achieve it? I have black hair by the way and it's never been bleached
I have dark brown hair I wanna buy the glad lighting and idk what to do it's very expensive and I want some rainbow colors but that will be pricy I'd love to buy ur products thank u
+manic panic how would this color turn out on kind of darkish golden blonde hair?
i coloured my hair yet black..will Raven work on it after dying it black?
I'm just wondering if i need to bleach it and 46 weeks is 10 months, Jenna Marbles uses it and it lasts on her for like 3-5 months
are you supposed to shampoo your hair before using the dye?
I have dark brown hair and I want to dye it vampire red do I still need to bleach my hair before using the vampire red dye ?
I have very coarse curly thick hair and I have a lot of layers.  I was wondering how many boxes of the amplifying manic panic bleach do I need to get ?
I have short hair, if I don't use all the manic panic  am I able to save for use months later on?
what colour does tish have in her hair?
with normal (teenager) wear, about how long does the dye last?
I have a question!!!! I have thick, curly, brown hair and I really don't wanna bleach it. Should I try dying a test strip with out it being bleach and see how it turns out?
Silly question: I have purchased the Amplified Flash Lightning 40 hair bleach. If I do not use all the powder, can I keep it for a later bleach? Since that's not mixed to the developer... Thank you. ^^
I'm a level 7 or 8 blonde will bad boy blue turn out bad? I also heard it fades to a weird green. ❔
Is it best to dye your hair when it's clean or is it best to dye with 2nd day hair?
If I want to dye it lizard green (or something like that) on friday but I want it to be gone for monday.. Is it possible? And if it is, what should I do?
Hi! Manic Panic,i just want to ask if is it safe to dye my hair after rebonding it??
I have reaalllyyy dark brown hair, I have natural curly hair so...I'm not a fan of the bleaching thing xD. But I don't know if the colors will show in my hair if I don't bleach it. Any tips? Or any colors that will show in my hair without bleaching it?
Do I have to bleach my hair if I dye it with the manic panic cotton candy pink?
do u shampoo after dying hair this is my first time
I've used manic panic in ultra violet,I love it...however,the color needs to be touched up so quick; just after a week.  Should I use a developer to make it stick longer?
I used manic panic bad boy blue and the first day was amazing but next 4-5 day the color comes out :/ so for how many days is permanent(?) :)
What is the song that plays at the end called called?
Will this stuff wear off on/stain my clothes or skin (not during dyeing obviously, but days/weeks later)?  My hair is light brown, almost virgin, curly, and I refuse to bleach it. Will this still work on me?
((Bluh, I have a question. So, I am somewhat experienced with hair dying, but tomorrow I'm going to get it cut and bleached(Using Manic Panic Flash Lightening 30 and Virgin Snow toner.). I will be getting a pixie cut and bleaching over my ashy-brown-black color. I was wondering how many boxes I'll approximately need to get it light enough to tone white. Can anyone help the piece of Homestuck trash that is I? X33))
I have light blonde hair in the front and dark blonde hair in the back and I am dying my hair with purple haze and I am not using bleach. How long should I keep it on for, for a dark purple color?
My hair is light blonde in the front and dirty blonde in the back and I am planning on dying the ends of my hair with purple haze. Ps I am not aloud to use bleach. Any estimates on what shade it will come out as??
Right now my hair is dark red and I want it red but intense, I don't know how to describe it. But my hair is in a bad condition, at less the hair tips. I'm not sure if the flash lightening coul be more damaging to my hair and what leverl I need to achieve, some help. TwT
My hair is kind of a golden color and can get pretty frizzy I still have red underneath my hair and I have never bleached my hair and I want to use the rockibilly blue or after midnight of yours which one would show up the best in my hair and what would it look like?
I have ombre hair, so it is dark at the top but light at the bottom, I was thinking about adding a blue color to my hair ( using manic panic of coarse ) but I wasn't sure how it will turn out on ombre dyed hair, it would be great if you're me know (:
What pink is Tish's hair? Is it Cotton Candy Pink? I'd like to get that color on my tips.  Love the video!
Can anybody tell me the names of the songs in this video?
How many bottles did you use on her hair?
Hey guys, does anyone know the name of the song at the start, Shazam has no idea what it is?
I have dirty blonde hair, how long does it last if I have dyed my hair before, I don't use bleach, and I leave it in for one hour?
Did you dilute the dye with anything or just put it straight in her hair?
Hello! I have very thick, light ginger hair and am looking to dip dye it either Purple Haze or Wildfire Red (any help on the colour choice is greatly appreciated). Would I need to bleach the area I want to dye first or not? As I say I'm quite ginger but not too dark. My hair is also in really good condition at the moment after years of abuse so I'd like to avoid this step if possible! Thanks for any help you can give!
What does your Electric Banana coloring do to dark dark hair? I need to get a very big bird color type of hair.
I have quite dark brown hair (as seen in my profile picture) and I'm planning on dying my hair Vampire Red next week. I'm not allowed to use bleach, and I've never dyed my hair before, so I was wondering if you'd be able to give me an estimate of how well the dye will show up on my hair? Thank you. :)
Will your hair go back to its original color?
I've used a red and purple dye before, and they've only lasted a few days. Not sure what I'm doing wrong. It seems like manic panic dyes just don't last in my hair.
if i dye my hair,so how i make the color paste i just take the color from the box and put on my hair or i need add somthing to the color?
How much dye did you use for her hair?
My hair is really long I will say hip long when straight and it's like a light dark brown and I want to try the purple haze would my hair take the color and how many bottles would I need for my hair please respond
Hello, can you add hair conditioner to the manic panic hair dye?
what would the colour 'plum passion' look like with black hair?
Is manic panic available in the Philippines?
Can you dye manic panic hair dye  with your black hair?
Can you mix the color with conditioner?
My hair is is dark black with light brown ends because I had got ombre done and my school had said me too get it done darker.My summer vacations are coming up and I wanna get a blue color at my ends (Kylie Jenner inspired) So do I have to bleach my hair again? and what color do I choose? and will the semi-permanent dye stay for 2 months?  :)
Would the shade "After Midnight Blue" be obvious on Black hair ? I have the money to buy the dye and my mom doesn't want me to dye my hair (but I'm rebellious af). Anyways would it be really obvious ?
Do you have to mix the dye with anything before applying it or can i just apply it directly?
Are there any local stores that sell manic panic hair dye?
So my hair is dark brown and I had it ombre into blonde and I'm going to warped tour and thinking about dying the blonde part purple or pink into purple. So since I'm just doing the tips of my hair, can I use the foil method instead of bring all of my hair up to the top of my head?
I have thick natural hair that's dark brown to almost black in color. what dye should I use if I don't want to bleach my hair? Is it perfectly safe for curly hair?
i dyed my hair with henna 3 months ago??will the manic panic hair dye stay on hair?
What are ways I can remove my haircolor (manic panic) from my white based hair? I have washed my hair with head and shoulders anti dandruff shampoo and dish soap with vitamin c but nothing is helping it come out of my hair. I can't bleach it out because I've bleached my hair too much and it's extremely dry. I used mystic heather and purple haze along with blue (idk what product name of yours) and it was an ombre which looked amazing and none of it was amplified but it is not coming out of my hair. I also went swimming and nothing is taking it out. It is a gross green color with gray and orange (even though I had no yellow tones in my hair before. I really want to get it back to white soon so I can do the color you did In this video all over my hair.
Hi! Idk if you'll see this but could you consider selling your products in India? I think there would be a pretty big and growing market here!
I have medium to dark brown hair and I don't really want to bleach my hair so with brown hair will it still be vibrant but not as vibrant? ( if you could make a video that would be awesome! ) :)
hello! i have naturally black, asian hair. will the lighter dyes show up in my hair? for example, if i use virgin snow, will it end up dark/light brown? thank you :-)
How do i make my hair color last longer??
I love the colours of your hair dyes! Some friends of mine have tried them and the results were just amazing!  I have wanted to dye my hair some crazy colour for a long time but my hir is medium brown and too thin to bleach. Is there any of your dyes that could dye my dark hair and turn out nice?Please tell me so!  Thank you very much!!
How light do you need to bleach brown hair for hot tot pink to show up? Do any of your colors show up on unbleached hair?
f I have virgin hair will it be harder to see the color?
How well does Bad Boy Blue show on Black hair?
Can you use this dye without bleaching on deal hair extensions or do you suggest bleaching first because I would like use the after midnight & voodoo blue mix on my hair extensions
I don't prelighten my hair because I love how manic panic looks over my brown hair, it gives it a dark, nice sheen but it washes out the next wash! Is there a way I can make it last?
Is manic panic temporary hair die ?
I am dying my hair and I really like the blue color that she has on does anyone know what its calle
Hey dudes! I was wondering what colour is in Snookie's hair?
This product is amazing! I would like to ask I am getting 2 colors and one of them is Candy floss I think it's called.. But I don't think it would show on my dark brown hair? Any advice on how I can make it show without bleaching my hair? And if not possible what colors would show on this hair colors? Thank you!!
I have light brown/golden blonde hair, would I still get a vibrant colour without having to bleach it? since my hair is already lighter? Thanks :)
For dark hair, do I need to bleach in order to get color from the virgin snow? I don't necessarily need it to be white white. Grey coloring is fine with me. Just wanted to know if I needed to bleach to get any color.
What shampoo and conditioner do you recommend using? I've been using Herbal Essences Tea-Lightfully Clean out of pure habit, but I do see the color coming out with each wash, so clearly I need something different. =)
Do you need to bleach your hair before you use manic panic and do you need to use a cap?
Hi! I have clearly no idea about anything hair color, I still have my virgin black hair and I want to rock a matte-ish pale brown color (or is it ash brown) but still showing the roots of my black hair, and I'd like to ombre it with a olive-green tea look in the middle and a blondish pastel light green on the tips. What materials should I use and prepare and Manic Panic colors to buy? What is the cream that you added on the video, and how do I do the whole process? ☺️ Any tips and tricks?
how long does manic panic usually last before fading/washing out?
Do you have to bleach your hair?
I'm planning on dyeing my hair purple but darkish purple what colors would be good for that.And I have already dyed my hair blonde and light brown
I've never dyed my hair before and my hair is dark brown and naturally curly so if I dye it purple haze will it show up and do I need to bleach it first?
I want blue black hair will mixing raven, midnight blue and shocking blue achieve this ?
I am a shiny-haired brunette and I would like to dye my hair a electric amethyst, but im so afraid it wont suit me or will not turn out how i imagine. please help? :(
I have dark brown hair and I wanna dye it with ultra violet, will it work without bleaching? and if I have to bleach it do I use 30 or 40
Any suggestions on shampoos that doesn't fade the color too much? :) I just made a video dying my hair using the Enchanted Forest dye! I'm really happy with the results, your dye is amazing! :D
I lightened my hair last year and now 1/4 of my roots are through but the rest is still light! My hair is a medium blonde anyway and I want go pink as I always use your Cleo rose but I'm wondering if it will still stick to my natural blonde colour after a couple washes? Thanksss
How long does manic panic stay in your hair? my school doesnt allow dyeing during the school year so I can only dye my hair during summer which is around 5 weeks. will manic panic come out before that?
my hair is mixed with blonde and ginger and I want to dye all of it with turquoise. my mom doesn't let me decolor my hair. will it look good without decolorizing?
Hi manic panic I loved the how to video! I have medium brown hair and I want to go black all over with your hair dye would I have to lighten my hair to achieve the black in it? I would prefer not to bleach and I love the idea  of using semi permanent dye that's also vegan let me know please! & thank you so much for being cruelty free I haven't dyed my hair in 4 years due to companies testing on animals I found out last year your company is cruelty free! That makes me beyond happy. If I could get a reply to my question that would be great so I know if I need to purchase your bleach kit as well
I want to know what you're using to put in the dye, and where/how would I get it?
I'm thinking about bleaching and dip dyeing my hair this summer but I'm not sure because I have never dyed my hair (it's virgin). Also my hair is black and I was thinking of dyeing it turquoise or cotton candy pink but I'm not sure how it'll look. So I'd just like to know if the bleaching will damage my hair and if so how much? And help on what color I should do. (My eyes a dark brown if that helps) :)
Hey guys! So a few months ago, I dyed my natural medium blonde (virgin) hair with Vampire Red and it turned out GREAT.Although  It feels like I need a change now, so I've decided to change my hair colour to pastel blue.  I know I need to bleach my hair to light blond to get it blue, but how do I get there? Which bleach will give the best results on my red hair? (vol 30 or vol 40?) Do I need to dye it Virgin Snow after I've bleached it? Can I use pastelizer to blend the blue with or is better to use Virgin Snow? Do you have any extra tips? :) Thank you for all the answers!
what colour was being used in this video?
hi there, you say its semi permanent how does it stay so long without having peroxide in the dye, is it water based as if it is just what im looking for. my hair is dyed lightest natural blonde, I am naturally medium to dark brown, so it comes up a dark blonde underneath the back and medium to light blonde elsewhere due to sun lightening,i would love to buy a hot pink, what do you think, as I don't want to bleach my hair.also can you put any colour on brown hair? thankyou xxxxx have nice day xxxx
Hey so im dying my hair purple, I would like a darker purple... i purchased purple haze (more blue) and would lile to mix it woth ultra violet (more pink) do you think they would even each other out?
What colour could I go for since my hair is chocolate brown. Love to have pink dip dye but not 2 sure
Can you apply it on hair with a color hair spray on it
Can you do a tutorial on purple haze manic panic for blonde hair please??? That would be amazing!!!! Thanks:)
How long does it stays in your hair ?
Hi, I want to dye my tips your darkest purple without bleach, my hair is strawberry blonde, do you think that would look good? And how long do you think it will stay in!
I have a quick question. I want to dye my hair and I have black dye but its not your hair dye sadly. Though I want to dye my hair have one of your colors but in may or june, I have to start looking for a job. So my question is with your professional expertize, (sorry I cant spell) what would be the best idea to have the best of both worlds. Have one of you colors but still look professional and how might I go about it? Doing the black on the top and hiding the other color under so I still look profession, please help.
I have a question my hair is a mix of medium blonde and light blonde will electric lizard show up good in my hair??
If I mix after midnight with another dye, will it still work? I'm gonna dye my hair and it needs to be kind of dark for school but I still want it to stand out.
Hey! My hair is a dark brown but I want to dye it a atomic turquoise or shocking blue I think.. I really want to know if it has to be blonde or bleached it would help out a lot, I have seen videos on YouTube of people dying it with the same colors I want to do and they have dark hair so I'm not really sure if I have to bleach it or not?
if I want to lighten my hair to a brownish color not white or blonde what product should I use?? I hav jet black hair and I bleached the ends of my hair so it's brownish but its not light enough. and I wanna know will it damage my hair alot and result in split ends? thanks
i want to dye my hair I pinkish purpleish color lol can  i mix purple haze and fuchsia fusion ?
My hair is black and I want to dye it After Midnight– but only the ends of my hair. Will it work? Is there a way I can bleach just the ends of my hair (if necessary)?
My hair is black but my ends are darkest brown... I wanna dye my hair black with a hint of blue in it(which will look black without light n look jet black with a lil blue...  I can't choose ... Which color should i use?? Blue moon.. After midnight shocking blue or some other color??? Plz help
I have my hair in cotton candy pink and it faded in just 3 days u.u but just in the low part, the top its perfect, do i need to leave it more than one hour before wash it?
Do i need to use the peroxide with the dye or i can use the dye by it's own ? I see some people use it like that so i'm wondering ><
Which color of blue would be least likely to fade out an ugly green, i would be fine with a bright green or a blue green but not an yellowy gross green and Idk what to do??
does anyone know how well manic panic virgin snow works on yellow hair bleached
Is it safe to bleach and dye on the same day?
Quick question.. i have fairly light ginger hair and im planning on going bright red.. as bright as possible. Which red dye would you recommend to get the best result as id rather not bleach my whole head tbh.. :)
+Manic Panic I was going to dye my hair purple but I don't want it to fade do you have any trick for that?
Hi.  I have been wanting to dye my hair for a few months now just to try it.  I bought a tube of Vampire Red Styling Gel today.  The thing is, I have a buzzcut.  Is it safe to still do it?  Thanks.
A few questions: 1. I want to dye my hair a light purple. What purple shades do you have? 2. Will it work on my hair (my hair is very dark brown)? 3. Do I have to pre-lighten?  I would really like to know ASAP!
I have a few questions. 1. I recently started dying my hair with your dyes (I have After Midnight and love it!), and I was wondering if you'd ever release your bleach powder in large tubs. I have naturally black hair and it grows very fast so I don't want my roots noticeable.   2. What color does Tish have in?  3. What color did Nicki Minaj have in the intro?   thank you :)
Hi! I would like to get some advice. I've bleached and dyed my hair before dark blue-ish color, and now it has faded to a dark brown cappucino color (I can't find other words to describe it), maybe a level 4/5. I want to get a dark grey color and I'm thinking of getting your new color, "Blue Steel". Should I try using it directly on my hair now without bleaching it again? Because I'm not trying to achieve the light grey color of Blue Steel, but I want the shade to be a darker version of Blue Steel (if you know what I mean). Or do you have any other advice, maybe mixing colors? Thanks! FYI: I'm Asian & I think my hair is the stubborn type :/
Ive had my hair red but its faded right now , an when i used pillarbox red it turned all my hair orange? Its my first time.
What colors work best for dirty blonde?
i've got a question. i'm coloring my hair black with long lasting color for 12 years, but now i want it blue or violet. i tried several brands before, but it didn't work. i bleached my hair, but the dye had no effect. will it work with your color? do you have any experience with this?
witch blue would show the best with a orangeish blonde?
Which manic panic dye did Katy Perry used during the intro?? Btw I dyed my hair once With Fuchsia shock and my ends with Ultra Violet but the purple faded within 3 washes but the pink stayed for a month
I really wanna dye my hair purple. But like a dark purple. What is the darkest my hair can be for the dye to work?
Also another round of questions lol: I dip dyed my hair pink with splat an Im pretty sure I stained my hair, do you know of any ways to remove it? I bleached my hair with the splat brands bleach 2 months ago, would bleaching it with another brand kill my hair/ make the wnds fall off? D: Also do you guys have a bleaching dye thing?
On you (the people applying it) do you use manic panic on your hair? If yes the  what shade of pink did the one on the right have? I really like it lol. Also do you guys have like a very very very vibrant neon hot pink color? I like pink :)
And i don't want to harm my hair with bleach or anything like that so is that possible and how ?!  Thanks
I have black hair and im a girl (13) do you think its ok if i buy manic panic and what colour ?!
I already have red hair from live xxl dye, but I would like to go very bright. What colour is best and could I just put it over mine now, or bleach it first? Xx
I have electric bright bright red hair and I dont want to go to the salon all the time to redo it. Which red manic panic is the brightest I can use to keep my hair bright red? Please help.
Is it possible to get rid of it without bleach?
Are there more manic panic stores across america? Im looking for a type of blue but not pastel or bright what color should I choose?
Can you guys do a tutorial on the bleaching process for dark hair? I would love to see that cause I have dark brown hair and I want to bleach my hair and dye it a very vibrant color!
When can i apply heat to seal in the color?
can you show an ultra violet tutorial in the bottle ?
What do we do if the bleach damages our hair?
Hi :) Can I use Manic Panic to refresh my color? What color would you recommend? My hair is currently an Ariel red hair color with a hint of pink/magenta.
Is it possible to get it out after having it in for a week?
Does manic panic stain naturally blond hair? I have very blond hair and I really want to use this product but I don't want to bleach it! My hair is like a butterscotch blond. :)
I was thinking about mixing vampire red and purple haze. Would that look good or would it mix oddly? Also, I have really thick, wavy hair that goes to about mid chest. Would two bottles of color be enough?
So,average hair dye stays in about a month?
hi! i recently dyed my hair blue black and heard that if i mix conditioner with dark blue manic panic it would leave my hair with a more blue-er tint. is this true? if so what mixture and measurements would you suggest
I have dark blonde/ash blonde hair and i want to dye it blue, do i need to bleach it before?:)
Do I have to mix the colour with conditioner?
Does it colour ur bed? Or car seats? I mean like when were done dying out hair and i lay on my bed does it show any colour?
if i keep my dark brown hair natural and use vampire red on my hair and keep it for over 10 hours will it dye better? also, can i re-dye to strengthen the color?
Will the hair dye wash out completely so by four to six weeks will I be able to return to my original hair color?
I have a quick question. My hair is sort of a "Sunkissed Brown" or so I have been told, and I was wondering if I would have to bleach my hair to be able to get a good outcome of dying my hair with Manic Panic.
Where can I buy?
Ok, so I really want to do a winter blue color in my hair, what color in your brand would achieve it the color I want the most? I'm a newbie to this, hehe.
Hi! I want to dye it blue with purple which 2 colours do you recommend? I got light brown hair but i can't bleached it :C Bc my parents let me.
I already have purple hair myself but my roots are coming in bad, should I bleach it or should I just re-dye it using the same purple. Or, I wanted to use the manic panic instead of the splat so what color do you think would be moist like their new purple desire?
I have green eyes and fairly light skin, what colour would suit me best?
How does Manic Panic amplified work though?
How long does this stay in?
I want to mix hot hot pink and shocking blue to make a purplish tone, but I don't want to bleach my hair. If I want it to be a darker purple, Would it be OK if I don't bleach it at all (My hair is reddish brown atm) ?? And would the colour stay in my hair the same average period of time? And what shampoo and conditioner would you recommend?
Does electric lava work on dark hair?
can you ship them to indonesia if i bought like for maybe 30-50+ manic panic hair dye :) ? thank you
I have a question, I am 11 so I don't dye my hair alot but I got highlights that are blonde in my hair, and I went to get some red hair dye and the ladies there said the dye stains blonde hair, is that true or does it just take a long time to get out or what? Please somone answer.
I've just ordered your moon blue shad of dye, hoping to achieve the same effect as the sample pics on your website of the person who has fauxhawk styled hair. I was wondering, about how long the dye was left in their hair?
I'm about a level 6-7 and I want to dye it Purple Haze. Will that be okay? & do you have to add conditioner?
You guys are amazing :)     Anyway my question is, i have dirty blonde hair that i dye every summer ( our school doesn't allow multicolored hair :/ )   Uhm what colour do u think it'd be if i dyed it with the virgin snow thingy? And do you think my mom would get mad? She hates the fact i dye my hair n stuff lol   Anyway luv cho! Wright back if u can
How well would Rockabilly Blue show up on unbleached, dark blonde-brownish hair?
WHAT ABOUT ON GREY HAIR TO ADD BLONDE SHADES
I tried cotton candy pink on platinum hair and it did not take it looks like a pink  hue do u know any method I can do to make it look the same way that it looks on the swatch.
I have a question, I want to dye my hair the tiger lily colour and my hair is already a orange colour, I think it's a 7.40 in colour, would I have to bleach it? I really don't want to bleach my hair, I just want my hair to come out heaps orange
hi i already dyed my hair green and i wanted to know if i can just go over it with voodoo blue or should i re-bleach?
My hair was bleached about 2-3 weeks ago and the dye has already faded because I went into a pool with chlorine in it stupidly...but I was wondering if the bleach already in my hair will help it last longer when I put the Manic Panic in my hair?
What light do i have to make it to get it dark blue someone said light brown but i don't know can you help me?
I have used Manic Panic since I was 15 I'm 22 now and I still love it! I'm really in to the whole pastel color trend and I'd love to have lavender hair! Which purple Manic Panic dye do you think would achieve the best lavender result  when mixed with condition?
Do you have a salon?
somewhere I read that after rinsing in cold water, if you rinse or spray with vinegar and water it will set the color better and for longer....is this true?
IM not allergic to any hairdyes (From what I used, Crazy colour and box hairdye from the store), is it still reccomended to do a test?
I used splat hair dye on my whole head and it's purple. It's been in for a month and I want to dye my hair again. I want half green half blue. I'm going to use manic panic. But, I'm not sure how it would look on faded purple and it's lighter in some spots it's dark in spots ect. I really need help. My hair is dead already(I bleached it) and I don't wanna bleach it again. Help?
If we don't see the exact color we want to purchase is it ok to mix two different colors?
How long would you recommend to keep the virgin snow in? I know longer than 30min but what would you say?
Will using a hair straightener do anything to my hair after I have dyed it? Like is it bad for it?
I was wondering how often it was okay to dye with manic panic. I like to change up my colors frequently and manic panic always leaves my hair super soft and seemingly undamaged. :3 That being said, I don't know when is over doing it when it comes to dying it.
Would I have to bleach my hair if I would want my hair color "Rock and Roll red" if I had dark dark brown hair?
Do you have any tips to like restore damaged hair after bleaching? I love your dye btw. I have vampire red in right now over my brown and light brown hair. But I'm December I want to do green but i don't want to ruin ruin my hair by bleaching it. But I want a dark\bright so I'm Going to need to bleach jt.
I have very dark brown( almost black) hair. Which colors will go with my brown skin tone that I won't have to bleach?
I've just bought Vampire Red and will be putting it on soon. I will be going swimming a couple of times a month from September. Is it likely the colour will run into the pool leaving a red trail in the water? I hate wearing swimhats so would prefer to avoid, but if the colour runs I can't do that in a public pool.
I have dark brown hair will cleorose show up on my hair?
so would this damage your natural hair? I'm growing out bleached hair with around 2 inches of natural brown hair. would this dye colour the roots if i touched them?
What's the name of that pink dye
hi, so it's my first time using manic panic and i don't know what to do.  I'm dying it pastel pink and pastel purple, but I don't want to ruin my hair with the bleach, so how does virgin snow works?
I want to dye my hair orange. I recently dyed it blonde will it still come out orange?
I am a full blown Dye Hard, and I love all your gorgeous purples...would you happen to have a lightest to darkest list of the purples? I always apply to Flash Lightened hair and I have something in mind for my next round of colour!
does manic panic work on brown hair too?
hey, I was planning to dye my hair green with enchanted forest. I have naturally dark brown hair, the same length as of your model and quite thin. I wanted it to come out as a very dark shade, not so vibrant so that it would blend in nicely with my natural shade. I know maybe I shouldn't bleach first? do you have some other tips? Also I want to color my hair randomly, wouldn't it be difficult to comb them that way? Or if I comb less or not at all, the shade would be darker?
I got 2 questions, my skin tone is an olive tan color and I have natural black hair, what color would be flattering? And if I want to change colors would I need to bleach my hair each time?
I have brown hair, and want dye a strip purple, will that work?
Is there any color you guys would suggest for honey blonde hair that would come out kinda bright?
so the lighter i bleach my hair the brighter the colour will be? and the less i bleach it the darker it will be?
Do you condition afterwards or do you just rinse?
\can you use this without bleaching your hair first?
I have dark brown, almost black hair. Would I need to bleach my hair before I could get any of the colors to show up?
if you guys could answer it'd be great I have natural virgin hair so it's a dark brown, I wanna dye it with a mixture of vampire red and pretty flamingo, now I don't want it to be extremely vibrate just noticeably red so my question is do I still have to bleach my hair a couple shades up or will those two colors show on it's own ?
I used atomic tourqouise and now schools coming back and i need to take it out. So what is the fastest ways to get it out?
Hi I have dark brown hair and I have a problem with bleaching I wouldnt want to use it in my hair what colors do you recommend for me to use?
i just ordered you 30 volume bleach and my hair is dye black i understand it will most like not do very much. how long should i wait in between bleaching? I want my hair white so i know i have to tone it but i dont know how many times i need to bleach it and how long to wait in between
Has some ingredient changed in ur bleach kit? Last two times I tried it I broke out in hives the reaction was very serious  I had just assumed it was caused by something else the first time since I've used it a couple times before. I'm afraid to bleach my hair again now
I have a question also...  Ok, so I have been wanting to dye my hair for so long and now I'm gonna do it using manic panic, but since my hair is a dark dirty blonde I have to bleach it first.  But I'm very scared because my hair is naturally very thin and I don't want it to get worse.  What should I do?
I have natural red hair is there any colors that would work on me if i don't bleach?
Which has more dye: amplified or high voltage? The jars look like they hold more than the bottles! I want to make sure I get enough to dye all my hair. :-)
ive dyed my hair black over 10 times and i bleached it twice but it just left it a rusty looking color. and i was gonna dye it voodoo blue. any suggestions you have that may be able to help me? ( it wasnt my whole head, just the underneath )
Hi  My hair is dark , so I bleached it then I dyed it with purple haze , but it didn't show the color at all . It's not clear untill I'm under sunlight . What should I do ?
im dying my hair for the summer holidays with mystic heather but im not aloud it in school will it fade before 6 weeks?
Hi I might dye my hair blue, I am thinking on doing it without bleaching what will blue look like on top of faded red and some places yellow/more gold? and on brown hair?
My hair is blond and i really would like to dye it black with raven. But i Was wondering if it dose fade out and how long it takes? I just got my blond hair pack with help of several blech products and I don't want to repeat the same thing
im brunette & i want to do an ombre with purple but i dont want to last so long i just want to try it.. what should i do?
I'm looking to dye my hair a deep dark blue color, which shades would you recommend? Great video btw!
Is ok to dye your hair with manic panic without bleach? :))
I want to dye my tips ultra violet and I have dark brown light brown in the middle color do I need to bleach my hair so it can show ? If I don't can you still see the color?
I have darkish brown, long, curly/thick-ish hair. What colors do you recommend for my hair type?
I'm dying my hair vampire red in a few weeks. Is there a amplified vampire red hair dye?
Hi I have natural brown hair (a level 4), but 5 months ago I died it a darker brown, like a level 3. and my roots have grown way out, about 2 inches. And I don't quite want to bleach my hair, but I want my hair a deep red, kind of like a red velvet cake color. What would be the best color of yours to use and will the color take well? Should I lighten it a bit?
whats the difference bettween ampliffied dye and the one which comes in the jar? also in how long will a colour like enchanted forest will last about on ginger hair which i wash every 4-5 days?
What color did you use for this video?
How did her hair take two jars? My hair is a lot longer and thicker, and I use maybe 3/4 a jar? I just stick my hand in there and saturate it all into my hair.
Does this hairdye damage hair or have any ppd?(PPD allergy)I'm doing it without bleach on brown-black hair btw
Hey Manic Panic, I was wondering. I'm using the atomic turquoise, and since I had my hair bleached to a golden color, it went green-ish (a nice sea foam green shade, i love it). I was thinking if it would a good idea to use virgin snow and then after rinsing and drying it out, put on the atomic turquoise so I could have that perfect turquoise color.
Did you guys mix anything into the dye while you were dyeing her hair??
I have black hair and I wanted to dye it with purple haze and get it dark not to vibrant if I were to bleach my hair would it be too bright
I have dirty blonde hair do I have to bleach to put in pink and purple ombre
Can we buy it from internet?
Hey i've got a question. I'd like to get oceangreen hair ,but i'm not allowed to bleach it. Do you have colours which i can use ? Because i love your colours so bad !
i dyed the bottom layer of my hair with rockabilly blue a week ago  but the color keeps bleeding everywhere what should i do ?
I'm dying my hair the same color but my hair is really short but also thick would I only use 1 jar or 2??
Is there a difference between the jar of dye and the bottle of dye?
I'm dying my hair the Pillbox red and was wondering if I could make it last longer somehow?
What are your best tips on how to maintain the hair color so you don't have to worry about it fading?
How many bottles of Manic Panic was used in her hair?
I have super thick hair even though im only 13. I have to use 2 hair ties In order to keep my hair up without it falling out. Im a brunette and never had hair dye but now that im older, I can use it. if I wanted an electric blue, do you think it would show in my dark brunette hair? what colors would stand out in your opinion? :) thanks.
Do you have to mix it with something or can you use the dye straight out of the little jar?
Can you buy Manic Panic in Holland also?
I have chocolate brown hair right now and I want a really dark green like green envy, is it possible the color will show in my hair?
Hey! Thus will be my first time using manic panic and I have a question. I am doing the bottom of my hair blue and I want it to be like the lady's here in this video. Would I need to bleach my hair first and how many jars will it take for just my bottom half of hair? My hairs goes a little past my shoulder. Please help.
My parents are dead set on not letting me dye my hair, so can I easily dye a small hidden streak?
I lightened my normally dark-brown hair to an all over blond, though it wasn't the same color everywhere. I've been using Purple Haze but it fades after just a WEEK, even if I only wash my hair once or twice in that week. I'm switching back to Ultra Violet (like in my pic) but is there a reason Purple Haze is fading so fast? My hair is light brown by the end of the week and it sucks!
Does the dye burn? Also I have really curly hair, will it change that? Also can i put this on my hair if I decided to relax it straight? thanks
how much normal formula do i need for a under shoulder hair?
Do I need to bleach my hair ?  My hair is dark brown
What happens if I have black hair and want to dye it a blue or purple? I don't want to bleach my hair either and damage it.
My hair is a little past my shoulders and pretty thick, so how many of the classic cream dye containers would I need?
I recently bought pillar box red and I have dark ish near black natural hair and I'm aiming for red, do you think it'll come out to a color somewhat similar to pillarbox red or maybe other red color you guys have?  Or do I have to bleach it?
I got my hair professionally done purple, will this work if I'm just wanting to go back and make sure it stays purple and re touch it?
Would this work on black hair without bleaching
Manic Panic  What color was used in this video? :)
If my hair is golden blonde would it need to be bleached? I really want to ombre my hair with this dye, but I do not want to have to bleach it.
I'm wanting to dye a section of my hair red with Manic Panic, and my hair is a dirty blonde. If I bleach the section before I dye it the first time, can I keep renewing the color without bleaching it again?
If you have dark hair will the blue dye still work? :3
I have dark brown hair and I would like to dye it turquoise & purple I was wondering how long would I have to leave the dye in for it to be noticeable.... also I'm a manic panic virgin so this is really important to me I would like to do it today so if you could let me know right away that would be awesome!!! Thank you
*so I wanted to know what the color Venus Envy would look like pastelized? I want to try it out but would like to know what it might look like. It might be a bit of a request, but oh well.
What will be the result if i mix mystic heather with purple haze?
I have dark brown/black hair with reddish tones and I'm planning on dying it atomic turquoise. What shade of blonde should I aim for with bleach to get a nice color? I don't want it to turn out a teal but my hair doesn't take to bleach that well.
how does it work on brown hair?
I have a light brown hair cani still use manic panic or do I have to bleach it again?
do you have to bleach your hair if you're obmréng it?
I have a black hair.. if i use purple haze without bleach.. will the colour come out? Im afraid bleach my hair will ruin and damage my hair.. :( please answer it .. thank you before ♡
I wanted to ask.. How long does it stay in that color? I'm thinking to buy it.. So i'm asking..
So me and my friend want to die our hair green but the thing is i know you have to bleach it (im studying for hairdresser so i know what to do ;$) but i never used manic panic before and my hair has been dyed all kind of colours and has been bleached alot so my question is : does it damage your hair alot or is it not that bad?
I have like a dark brown what color  would go good and stand out without belching
What would be the best time to leave the manic panic hair dye in for? 1 hour 2?
I love Manic Panic c: uhm if i wanted bright pink hair, like neon how much do i need to bleach it
I'd love to try a tone of blue :) I just have two questions. If I take care of it correctly, more or less how long does last? And, if I combine the dye with some conditioner, does it works the same or does the conditioner affects it? Thanks~
Omg Snooky! Your hair is soo pretty! How do you keep it soo curly? I have curly hair as well but it doesn't look as nice as yours /:
My hair is medium brown. If I dyed my hair a red without bleaching, would it result in a dark red color?
Is it true that if you want to get pastel purple hair you have to bleach you hair first? Or can you do something else to get it pastel, and not have to bleach it??
How do you actually make the dye really frothy ? Do you like use a lot if the dye or is it because of the constant brushing or did you add anything else in the dye ?
Can you use this die on medium brown hair ??
How to wash the color?
i dyed my hair brown 3 months ago, & i want to use panic manic hair dye soon, do i need to bleach my hair first?
Does it have ammonia in it?
Does Manic Panic stay awhile? I really wanna do mine green!
My hair is currently an orange-ish blonde (colored it multiple times with box blonde dyes), and I'm trying to get it to be a blue color. If I were to color it with a Manic Panic blue color, would the orange tones mess around with the overall color (say it would turn my hair purple instead)?
I am wanting to dye my hair red but I have never dyed my hair before. I still have my natural color so what I was wondering is after manic panic fades will it still be my natural color? I am a natural dirty blonde. And I do not plan on bleaching it.
Did you use a darker color in the front of her hair? Or did you just put more of the same color in? Or is that just the lighting lol 5:53..i just purchased Violet Night, i cant wait!!! :) Mystic Heather is sooo nice too!
whats the name of the color they used?
HI! I dyed my hair of electric blue but not whit Manic Panic, so now I want to make a touch up dye with Manic Panic, my question is: What color is the best fot the retouching of dye, Rockabilly blue or Shocking blue? Sorry for my english! Greetings from Mexico!
