Love the shoes ! What brand are they ?
i'm a guy and my hair is longer than yours, do i not need to tie it up? instructions unclear.
I wonder 9 years ago, if she’s still hot?
Instructions unclear as to what to do if I'm a boy... I'm sure I'll figure it out on my own
Isn't this the dance from the Part Rock Anthem by LMFAO? So why the hype? 🤔https://youtu.be/KQ6zr6kCPj8?si=c-C2RTjFGxk9qOMw
hello evelina, whats the song name ? I want to practice with it. Very easy and lovely done thank you.
What kind of music is playing?
Where to now
Name of song please!
Can someone tell me what music is being played during this video ?  Thanks to anyone that replies :-)
What is this songs name???
Hey guys, what's the song name? i don't find it
Your smokin’ hot ! Are ur ho-ho’s real or R M balloons ? 🫣🙏💋
what in the fuck happenned to melbourne shuffle :l its like shuffling in a padded room lol,...                                                       https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMCDiRogjXY
Do the shoes matter?
where was you in 1989????.....I was joining the UK rave scene doing these dances 🤣🤣 what's with the warm up beforehand you goin dancing or areobics....🤑
Who came up with this trend/dancing does anyone know? this is so different from classical moves or even standard hip hop. I literately need to rewire my brain to be able to dance this without my head reverting to the standard dance moves. The switching of sides in the same step throws me off
Hey, what is the tune? Sounds nice to start practicing with.
Anyone know the song?
How come this isn't a huge health movement?
rename how to your phone number? xD
Does anyone know the song's name?
Can you do the sprinkler next with no top?
"Shuffle"? Lol We danced like this in the  late 80s/early 90s. You weren't even born but the only thing we used to shuffle was a deck of cards... 🤣
A dance tutorial with no repetition?  It's surprisingly hard to find dance tutorials you can actually dance to.
Are you supposed to be on the balls of the feet always while shuffling? Or does the weight shift to the heel as well?
Damn.. :D whats that track?
Can anyone identify the track playing in the background?
Hi Evelina could you teach me online? please thank you:)
Hey Evelina, what's the name of the music ;) mega Clip
And I thought you did the shuffle with a deck of cards...
Does anybody know the name of that song? If yes, please tell me. Thx
What is that tune?
Do you do housecalls?
Hi what song is this I cannot find it ANYWHERE
Do you guys know that the Shuffle dance came from 1990's dance called 'New Jack Swing'? Basically, the Shuffle took all the footwork from New Jack-Swing. That's why 90's dance music goes so well with the Shuffle, it's not accidental. If you check out dance music videos from the 90's, you can see the footwork is the same.
how to dance like a white girl.
when do we take extacy and have all the sex
Men of culture where art thou?
What is track name please?
She didn't go to school to learn these moves?? I learned these moves decades ago.
Hahahaha why is this recommended to me?? So weird 😂
I thought I saw you do the Roger Rabbit there for a moment when you were freestyling. Did I just imagine that?
What’s the name of the song playing in the background been trying to find it for ages
Super video! The Girl and the dance are fantastic. What is this music?
Ace tutorial, I love dancing of most types, what's the music you used??
What to do with your hands? Well…
Name of the song? 🎵 does anyone
What's the song?
Can you do the Prodigy dance? - it seems similar - 1:31 in this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4eav7dFvc8
Why do I want to shuffle dance suddenly? 🤔😇
And where is shuffle dance?
What song was used in the video plz?
Instructions unclear.  Now i am sliding around the moon.
is this a new dance? looks really good,
name of this song please <3
How to shuffle?  Do this.  Thanks bai
Is anyone else still waitng for the actual tutorial portion to start? LOL
Name of the song??
That dance isn't knew I did it back in early 90s rave scene me n few friends podium dancing
Are your 27 million viewers trying to learn to dance or just checking you the hot babe out?
Shuffle dance? I would watch you if you were shoveling cow chips .
my sister asked if i can shuffle dance yet. absolutely no chance
The white woman took the Irish Jig, perfected it, and renamed it the shuffle?
what is the song? amazing
What brand is your outfit? Love it
Does anyone know the name of this song?
I'm not as coordinated as you are..lol ..question not related to dance..but where did you get your outfit?
what is this song ?
Song name/artist?  That's a banger.
What's the song ?  Realy good 😍
WHAT SONG IS THAT
if your a girl tie your hair up? not only girls have long hair :p
What is her prescribed pills
What’s the song’s name? Can’t find anywhere >.<
Anyone know the name of this music she is dancing too?
what mix is the background music please ?
Hey guys, does anyone know the name of the track from this video? I've been wasting hours for searching it...
what's the name of the track she's shuffling to?
Who. Are. You??? 😁
Are those leggings?
Why does shuffling always come with this shitty electronic soundtracks (couldn‘t call it music).
Do you give private lessons? im free this weekend !
She couldn't take a minute to shave her armpits before filming this video?
HUH WTF IS THAT STUPID HEAD MOVE ON SEC - 33 AND SEC 34 AND SEC 36 SEC 37 . stop thats stupid head moves tho
What is the name of the track/composition?
Whats the name of the song?
Song/remix name?? 😭 because now it's going to bother me lol
what is this awesome track pls?
The shuffle is literally the easiest dance in the world, why does this require a tutorial?!
Wtf is that
Ok, but does she cook ?
Whats the music?? Shazam does not find!
what the name music?
what happened to step 2? lol
The fuck did I get here
Whats the Name from the Song?
Is this her best life skill?
What is the accent she has?
This apartment has some really tall ceilings. I wonder if she had to have custom curtains made?
Why the fuck did the Algorithm send me this video???
What's the track called ????
Is she dancing?
Have singer support dancers been doing this for years?
What's the name of this song? I can't find it.
Does less cloths help dance?
She is just precious, I wonder what it feels like to be so effortlessly beautiful
Something tells me 25 million people didn't come here to learn how to shuffle dance.
I wonder out of 1 million viewers how many tried to actually shuffle dance 🤔 ?
Why would anyone want to
Anyone got 10 hour version of her dancing?
Could you show Sofia! Sofia! how to shuffle?
maybe i need to teach you how to melbourne shuffle
I don't know at what I should look
Wait, you were teaching something? I'll have to go back and look again. I wasn't paying attention
the real question isnt how to shuffle dance,  its, why the fuck would you want to?
Is this Jazzercise?
Wtf is this nonsense
Do you know how to do the Feefee?
What dreams may come when we have shuffled off this mortal coil..
wait is this dancing or is it trying to swat a bee or a fly??
Why did this get recommended to me?
I wonder if this woman feels weird that 90% of people clicking on here video don’t care AT ALL what she says, just what she looks like
Evelina, from Russia?
wtf is this in my recommendation
who else is just watching this just for her  not the dance :)
whats the song?
Awesome! Also can I ask the name of the track anyone please? 😇
Would it hurt to do a squat or two?
what's that ?  black and white and shuffle ?
Instructions unclear. Let my hair grow and became a girl.
i don't even know why i'm watching this yah shuffling looks kinda interesting, especially on girls, but i probably will never learn to dance it or ever feel the need for it
What if you are 62 years old and still want to do it??????
There must be only fans somewhere...  Am I missing it?
what's the song at 0:34??
What?
Is this really a video??? This shit is easy man just find a slidey floor and have some rhythm
can you teach me in person ?
anyone knows the music playied on the vid?
The deserted page neurally cycle because question willy matter in a parallel saxophone. vacuous, nifty helicopter
How to shuffle dance, if your 17 and under its cool I guess, if your older than that, cringy
Why do you need to be naked?
You are beautiful !! Now what's this video about ?
Are you Bulgarian by any chance? Other than that - a great tutorial IMHO. GJ!
Thanks for the video, you're so good! Can you make more shuffling tutorials? Pleaseee 😊💖😎
Why the hell is an almost 50 year old guy interested in how to learn to shuffle???
whats the big deal about shuffle dancing
Does she realize she looks supernatural?
Whats the song?
Does anyone know the name of this song
How are you so good. I’m 13 and a boy and I like dance but is it weird
Hi babe hot stepper you!.. Danny from London x Ps what's your insta or Facebook account x
My shoes won't move, they grip to the floor and won't slide.  Any advice?
All that jumping and no jiggle?
Hi, I'm from Spain and I like how you dance shuffle, I was wondering where you are from, why shuffle in Spain is danced in a different way ..., I would like to find more video tutorials of this type of shuffle  hola, soy de españa y me gusta como bailas shuffle, me preguntaba de donde eres,  por que el shuffle en españa se baila de otra manera... , me gustaria encontrar mas video tutoriales de este tipo de shuffle Could you help me please? 🥺
Employer:  So, do you have any relevant skills or experience for this job? Shuffle Girl:  No, but watch this. Employer:  You're hired.
Very professional video made and nice beat, curious what's the title. Thanks
can anyone help  me to look at her steps
What is a simp?
Why does only girls have to keep the hair out of their faces?
What is the name of this tune
What is treck musuc?
Do you only want to show your body and how good you can dance ?????
What’s this song??
How to souffle ? Feel the rythme and trust yourself
whats the name of the song?
Which song is this?
Did you do the voice for that song by the chainsmokers? Selfie?
Ummm...there was dancing?
How could 12k dislike 👎🏽 this shuffle 🔀 dancing
video: wow I didnt know human feet could just slide smoothly like that me: why are my feet unable to overcome the great force of friction
She was teaching us something ? Really?
I watch The video because of Music. Where do I find it without Her talking? ;-)
Guys don't have to put hair up?
Very good video Evelina :) but your shuffle moves is most of the time on your toes,more like a fitness moves ,i have seen some god shuffel moves that the feet is flat on the floor,and its more like the feet is floting (hovering) over the floor,what is the difference of doing that?
what is the title of the song?
What is the name of the track / artist?
but why?
Just start learning how to get that steps, my daughters are way better than me, by the way I love your outfit, where did you buy that and whats the name brand of your outfit?
Hi, Does anyone know the name of the music track used in the clip?  Shazam cannot find it. Thanks
Why has this video got 23 million views?
So nothing new then? What she’s doing is what we did in the 80s called aerobics.
Anyone know the song in the beginning?
What it is the music song?
Does anyone know what the track is? The beat is unreal
who else is laying down in bed watching her do her thang😁
Great but.... how to slide ??
The only question I have is can you do this in high heels?
What song is this?
Got to be the most ridiculous dance ever.  Do these shuffle dancers actually realise how stupid they look ?
why the F'8*k does this garbage need an Instructional Video?
How much seed has been spilled on the carpet because of this video?
Right no fucking aboute what's this tune ?????
Nice moves. What's the song in this video please? Thanks
Where is gravity ?
Where are those legfgns with the top from? Brand? Shop? Any clue? Thanks
What's the song name?
Wich Name of the Song is That?
What song is this?
but can you do the Davey Jones?
is there a tatoo on her left side, just under the bra :)
How did this end up in my feed.  Does youtu.be spy on my youpern account?
Is this EDM song on your playlist?
too fast tutorial, you show us how to shuffle or u just dance ?
SO EDUCATIONAL....do i feel dumber? where am i right now? wtf
I wonder if she's as good at a five knuckle shuffle?
What is the music in the background?
Directions unclear. Ended up on a weird website called pornhub.
How did this make it as a recommended video? Whatever this dance is, it looks stupid as fuck. Lmao Jesus.
What song is employed in the video please?
Hi!  Is it possible to apply it somehow to sex?  I can hold girl while doing her, but perhaps there something girl can do?!  Faaanks!!!!!  😊
Water anyone?? everyone seems so thirsty.
What is track? Super girl!)) with love from Russia!!)))
What's that music track?
Godlike dancing owww btw any kind soul revealing what's the name of song playing?
How to not shuffle dance more like
You got healthy habits girl. Which music genre do you like? Drum n bass? Mark V and Poogie Bear - Party Train? OLDSCHOOL?? Jumpstyle?
Aren't these the moves Gerardo did in his rico suave video?  Lol....yes I'm  that old
What's the track used in this vid?
What song is that ?
Shuffle what? Oh... Just a little distracted. Stay safe and well.😷
IT LOOKS REALLY COMPLICATED! CAN YOU WALK AND CHEW GUM ALSO!
How about the Moon Walk?
What is the song’s name? Anyone?
Hey gorgeous, do another shuffle video. See how many of us wanna see you jumping like that again.
Track ID ???
What remix of bunnydance is this?
what is name of the track?
Wtf is going on? Its called "shuffle" dance? Help us lord the world is coming to an end. All these people trying to name something done for decades. Cute girl though.
so I can listen to Vanilla Ice again?  He was dancing like this back in the 90's!
Why da hell did youtube recommend this under Quarantine ?
0:09 I have long hair but I'm a boy, should I still tie it up?
Direction unclear, ended up in Algeria.
WTF i have been jumping around like this since i was 16 and i am now quite a bit older.
For those asking what song it is: Bunnydance - Oliver Heldens (SpaceSound Mix)
...why is this video being recommended to me...?!? 😉
what's that music? i cant even find it through shazam
Can you shuffle if you're overweight and don't look good in clothing that looks like it's painted on?
Who's here for the dance moves? Show yourself I can't see you.
Hi, what is the name of the background music track ?
Who knows, how does this song is call?
Can you do this dance fully clothed too? ;)
Wtf is this shit
What do you do with your arms while shuffling? Well, I have kept them busy. Don’t worry about it.
What is the name of that track?
I was curious on how you learn to do a shuffle dance.know that i know i won't be doing that in the future.i can still watch and excersize my eye's to the march of there shuffle and still enjoy them ooops i mean it.lol.
Can someone explain how to shuffle with a strong rock hard erection?
@Evelina OK, semi mastered that, whats next ...?   (shit I'm still outta breath watching this and its taken me how many years!?)
Who learned how to shuffle dance then?
Instruction unclear. Fapped with the beat
How does she make it look so easy lol.
What's the name of the song please?
Is there an easier tutorial😑😂
What’s the track ID??? It won’t come up on my Shazam
0:43 i want to ask "are you ok"?
How the hell is everyone so light when doing it? I feel like a heavy elephant even tho I'm not fat or anything 😂
What the... What is this you tube? Why??!!?
Is it just me or is she gorgeous with an unreal body?
what do you mean "if youre a girl get your hair out of your face"? Some of us guys need to do the same thing lol. Great vid 💋✌🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶
What song did you play for the video
Name of track please!
Does anyone already looped this from 0:25 til' 0:50? ..asking for a friend
Who knows how that song is call?
Wtf is this required for!
What a music?
Is she real or CG??
So when's the part where she takes her clothes off ?
Can you tell me name of the song in the background? Thanks
What's the music? :)
Evelina ... can you show me how to  do the doggie.. 😀
Dafuq is this shit? This is definetly not Shuffle ouch
where's the cards?
does she know she is being filmed?
Hmmm I wonder why this has 21 million views? Didn't realise there were so many shufflers out there
How to protect your virginity
who will watch the video in 2019?
What about dancing now?
What to do with hands.....behave fellas  I know what you're thinking lol
Isn’t this the MC Hammer before it was shuffle?
So guys with long hair can leave it flop everywhere?
So wonderful ✌️👍😁😁 please someone tell me the name of that music
Is dancing considered a sport or what?
Im a man 37 year old. I want to learn shuffle dance to impress the Girls in the Club.Does im thinking wrong this way?
what's the song in the start of the video?
Anyone know the first song at 0:35 please
what is this music ?
What song is this... I checked comments and couldn't find an answer
How becom your Number ? XD
What's the song/ tune?
Anyone know the background music?
anyone else here from WillNE?
Whats the name a the song in the vid
What's the dance tune in the video called ?
Did you turn around in the video? I still havent been able to turn around before.....so talented.
What song is this? Awesome
Anyone know the song ?
Uhhhhhh...the twerk?..wtf?
Why must she show so much skin. It's distracting from the lesson
Did she day shes gonna do the doggy?.....I shall be waiting patiently for that.
What is the first song ?
feel the beat? you not even dancing on it 😂
It just me or is that a pancake ass?
Any one know the song name?....I know is not darude sandstorm btw.
this is about dance? huh, go figure
the name of the  song anyone???
Seriously? Is the younger generation that inept that they can't figure out dance moves that have been done since the 80's?
Does this work with normal clothes too?
What is this shit lol
Can someone name the first song please?
I wander if there are different steps for men and women? Or do the steps a little different
Does anyone really care about the dancing?
Is there any way for me to earn an income on YouTube by grading the comment section?
*I don't know what a shuffle dance is and I still don't know after watching this video*
Who the fuck wants to dance like this!
Great tutorial, can you tell me the song name?
Do the moves look good if you're a fat fuck 😂
What kind of music is this?
You came here to learn shuffle? I think No.
what is the name of the music?
Where do you find flrxible shoes nowadays ?
Hi Evelina, When I try to do the running man, my sneakers grab the floor, what is better shoe to use?  Thanks for the video, you make it look easy.
I think I saw dancing in this video? I'll have to watch again.
Why does it look so rediculous when you do it lmao
What is song????!!!!!
why my feet is so heavy? whats wrong with the gravity?
Who else clicked with the intention of learning to dance ? 😂
someone pls give me the song lol
can you do this topless? I know, I went there!
Surely I can’t be the only one that thinks people doing this look completely ridiculous?!
What is the song playing
what's the name of this song????
Why the...did I clicked this video?
Oh was I spose to learn to shuffle,sorry got distracted 😍  DAMN!
How did Youtube know id like this ? 😂👍
What is the song
what is  music when her begin dancing
how the heck did i end up here...?
Isn't this just PE class?
Name of the song?
Why does that man have makeup on?
Her half and half pants make it confusing
Who the fuck needs to shuffle...
Why can't xvideos have instructional videos on how to shuffle dance like this
instructions unclear. My dick got stuck in toaster.
Who’s here for the butt? Hands up
I wonder if she has any twerking educational vids on here....
How old are you, 12?
Dance? What dance? 🕺🕺🕺🕺🕺
She pretty but seems to have danced her ass off.. maybe she need to pop lock and drop it??
Are u still friends with Kalel
Instructions unclear. Now I’m a background dancer for Britney Spears.
Wtf did I watched?
So you checked the shoe if its good for the dance but you used a different one anyway?
She was dancing? I didnt notice ....
How many chicks came to this video to learn this so they can do this dance at a music festival covered in flourescent paint and high on drugs?
What brand of,shoe do u have on
Instruction unclear. Ended up in North Korea.
Just why????
Are some of you from Women's Pole Vault videos?
Why is she doing dance moves and not adult movies? Bet she can do the funky chicken like a pro.
Which song is she dancing to ?
What’s with these dance instructors with their big ass shoes.
Anybody know what the name of the song on this video is?
Why would i even shuffle lmao
everything is beautiful and nice, why the disgusting silicone?    🏀🏀?
What is the song she dance too?💕
What is the name of this song.  ???
What's the song playing here?
How many of you clicked with no intention on learning 🙋‍♂️
Love your Apartment!!!  Or Condo ...?
am I the one guy who actually clicked on this video to learn? I gotta say not bad instructions
What if I don’t know how to slide or twist—
Wanna know how to dance????      No.....     WELL TOO BAD!!!!!!!! Here we go
What song is playing in the back ground?
Name of the song?
Evelina, tell please what song is playing? Shazam can't find it.
does she do face sittings
Great looking woman but what the ... is she doing?! :DDD
Who’s really watching this for the dance aspect???
Is it me or does she have 2d arms
What good workout...defibulator please?
So this is dancing?
Wouldn’t it be funny to see someone dance like this with tap dance shoes on and no beat?
episode 319869 of: Why is this in my recommended?
Why are American women so ugly and feminist? Why can't they look and act like this? Thank you, Democrats, for ruining femininity.
0:14 is that a boat or a ship? Not "little sneakers" for sure
Can’t wait to learn this ! Name of song ?
Yo! What is the name of this song?
Where i can find this music track?
Why do I feel a cringe running down my spine?
How is the name of the backround music?
Is it wrong for a 38yo heterosexual  male to want to learn this?     It will make my dancing in the garage so much better.  Ques up Robert Delong.  Thanks darling,  I appreciate it :-)
Uh...I got distracted,  what did she say?
I wanna see how well she dances horizontally
What happened to the pair of sneakers you showed at the beginning of the video?
How can you call this shuffle dancing? Where was the deck of cards?
Is anyone else thinking this is advertising for mail order brides............
How is the song called? Didn't find it in the soundcloud list cause the vid is so old
music name , please ?
Who here payed attention to the dance? :P
What music is this ??
Does anyone know the tune that's playing???
How do I not know who you are?!
Does it help to camgirl like hidarlinglove aka josy shuffles? 🤔🤩
hi i followed ur tutorial and i still look like an idiot what did i do wrong
Can men do the shuffle to. It seems is only women can do the shuffle.
She is gorgeous. Also how come the shoes she shows at the beginning are not the ones she is wearing during the dance? LOL
Anybody knows the name of the song when she does the running man???
why am i even looking at this.?
Whats the music?
Can you do the fornite shuffle dance???please first comment ever T-T
Why do i look like an idiot while trying this?
What music (artist / song title) is this please?
Should we have fun with it?
What is that beat? I loved it!!!
Do you have springs in your shoes?
What's the song again? I think a remix of Martin Garrix or Oliver Heldens
Do  People  still  dance  like  this   in  2019  ?
If you're old can you still do this and look cool
Name of the Song?
can you shuffle after watching this video?      yea me neither
This video is atrocious. When do you get to the part when you actually teach the steps? Absolutely worthless video.
Anyway I could slide into her dm’s?
Mmmm.... very nice. How about a dance off???
Anyway you could do another video?-maybe this time wear bikini...it would help me a lot. Thx
why is this in my feed???
I wonder wtf we all look li,e trying this home alone lmfao
What do you think? Gold digger? Trust fund baby? Daddy's girl? She is not making it on her own. How sad.
Whats the Name of the song
How to white girl dance
Which song is it
what is the background song???
Does anyone else have a problem where you can't shuffle in place? Like when I do it I slowly go forward. 😐
Music?
you didnt even wear the shoes you recommended... wtf?
Please tell me you have a bald muff
Wait, she was teaching something?
Why do I watching this?
What’s this song called
Did anyone notice the clothing tag is out? Just asking.  She's gorgeous and energetic
Why would anyone want to shuffle dance? Looks fucking ridiculous.
You are so good at dancing!! Can you make more tutorials?
how do professional dancers think about shuffle?
Music 😂?
Is this a joke???
If I'm a dude with long hair, do I not tie it up?
Wonder how many of you kids think this is new. Kid and Play had this going on in the 80s. Vanilla Ice was doing it in the early 90s lol
whats wrong with my limbs??? ughh
Can anybody tell me the title of the song used here, please? Thanks.
Why so fast???
Wtf how people do that I barely know how to walk and run?
Who's here to learn the shuffle dance?  Me neither.
oh look a billion views but he video showing brain surgery has only two views....hmm....pourquoi?
Hi Eveline,Would you like to dance toi this toon? https://soundcloud.com/lafmmuk/shuffle-it-wav-mast
Has anyone else run into the problem when you try to do this but fail miserably and then spend the rest of the day thinking about what your life could be if you just had better coordination?
Where did you get that outfit? I wanna get it for my gf and maker her do this. Also, does anyone know where I can get a black plastic bag?
Yeah she’d definitely be the perfect rave babe. And are u single  ??????😂
17 million views...and how many of those are here to learn how to shuffle ?... please, it's for the chick in white spandex, like how many people you know just "break out" and start shuffling ?
hmmmmmmmm.............kinda looks like powwow moves without the regalia
Evelina  0:49 Running man 1:15 Side step ("T-step" or "Shuffle") 1:35 Spin 1 1:54 Spin 2 2:14 What to do with the arms/hands
Can you do a how to shower video next😀
I love your sports bra... totally supportive. Where did you get it from?
One of the best shuffle I've seen including shuffle dance with Feel Good - Syn Cole, the girl with a hat and backpack... Is the bounce with the crosslegs still called shuffle?
wonder how it works with bad knee's?
What is the name of the music in this video?????
But how to tectonic dance?
Fantastic video,,,thanks ,,,,now where is the cake ,,,,
You call this dancing?
what the hell is she wearing
Who actually uses this video to learn moves?
It's just House Dance, Charleston and a bit of toprock all mixed together right?
Where is this accent from?
But how do you know, how fast you have to do it? And how do  you "feel" the beat? I m not bad at sports and the Motions, she does look not hard, but what should I do with them?? I really would Like to dance, but - I Just can t.  I just have noooo feeling for music.....absolut nothing! I can t "feel" a rhythm or hear a beat.  It s all just the same for me. :/
HOW ARE YOU TALKING WITHOUT MOVING YOUR MOUTH??
why hadnt u worn tshirt? :D
is it just me...or soes this girl have a freakin body i only dream about
Do I have to dress like a thot for being able to dance like this? 😂😂😂🎅💋💢
Was she showing us something? I didn't see.
Someone from London can teach me?
I know I'm late to the party here but you look like you're having so much fun in your own little world! What's going through your mind while you're dancing?
How does she do it She so hped Im trying to catch my breath over here
But this not just for girls right? Cause I never watched a video where a man actually do shuffle dance
pleas tell me the name off this song its soooo nice but i can't find it
how to do two steps back??
CAN FAT PEOPLE TRY THIS? JUST CONCERNED
Great video. Good comments, except.....why don't people know the difference between "your" and "you're"?
Whats the Name of this Song ?
*Momoland has shuffling in their dance* Me:...How the fuck do I even do that?😂
do you need slippery floor for this dance? this is a serious question.
Wtf is this
what is the music?
how r babby formed?
I always wanted to know what the heck to do with my arms😂 tysm😊😘
How come when I do running man I look like sponge bob out of water trying to get back
What is the background music?
Are you Bulgarian or Russian? ❤️
how do I get my foot out of the tv?
Am I seriously the only one who noticed the B-Job at 0:24 no top comment yet 🤔
Whats the name of the song shazam isn't picking it up
Who is watching this to impress their crush ?? (Me)😂😂
Do I need a hand the shuffle? Cz it is a little bit busy
im looking for the other one
Can anyone tell me the easiest one to do? I really want to know
Anyone here play Fortnite???
So, 26 million people watched this tutorial. But how many of them actually learned how to shuffle lol 😂😂
ur hot as hell but not so smooth.  maybe its the music?
Looks like the dance people make when they can't figure out moonwalking...
Which is the sound track of this video, please?
How long does it take to be good?
I don't get it am I the only one who thinks shuffling looks so weird? :D Not to say that it looks easy and she clearly has a lot of talent for this! But I find this type of dance so weird and I'm unsure why people are so crazy about it :o
Is this the dance on fortnite
How comes ur not sweating
I wounder if shes got windows 10?
Music name ???
Can you help me? What is this music in the video? (music starts form 00:34)
0:11 what if your a girl with a short pixie or a boy with long hair?🤨
This the new white girl dance?
Track name please?
How named this song 😍😣
How do you do the first bit
How will this ever be useful in everyday life?
Is this normal??
What are you wearing?
whats the song name I know its by oliver heldens justforget
Excellent shuffling!  Either there's some silicone up there or else that's a Kevlar reinforced sports bra (no bouncing)!!
Whats the title of the musictrack? Found it: bunnydance 😁
Thanks for sharing this guide. Request: if possible to make a music video compilation of you shuffling with hardstyle music. XD
💃🎶What song is she playing in this video?
is this wat she's working up to?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZ572yLH9sc
What's the song
Can you make a tutorial for cutting shapes shuffle, 😊
Can i get the name of the beat song?
What song is this playing?
I really, really.... Really need to know the name of this song, any legend know what it is??
You teach me how to shuffle
what is that song on the begining
Okay I got the shuffle part...now how do I get the perfect face, body and blonde hair part?
How to shuffle act like you have no upper body......😒 might as well do the Irish jig while you’re at it
What is the Music in the Background?
hiii what is the song plz?
wich song did u use for the video?
Why is there still people watching this 😂😂 shuffling ended a long as time ago
Hello there,  Evelina. Good conception of the moves.  May you help for some special request?  I wanna to find out a dance (a real dance,  not degradate bounces what guys do in the concerts)   for the extreme genre of music:  Thrash Metal.  For example https://youtu.be/SJOFqF994Kg  May you help,  please?
who came bcs forrnite?
Music used?
What‘s the name of the song?
Can someone PLEASE tell me the name of the soundtrack.
What is the music?
Why is this so sexy
Can you do that on traditional 4 wheel roller skates??
Instructions unclear..ankle sprained...dick stuck in toaster.
At 0:34 what's the name I of the music
The song name?
How would you like to marry a short, ugly 50 year old English guy?
What’s the music
Someone looks through the window   Wtf is she doing?!
Haha got reminded of shuffling ive done it since i was 7 im 17 now i remember i started at a friends birtday for some reason. Yeas this is shuffling but it isnt like old school so i dont really like it and its more smooth if u dont stop as much its hard to explain but i mean like you need to slide more
Am I the only one just watching her and not the moves
music name ?
What is the music
There was dancing in this video?
Does it make me a bad person if watching this puts a huge grin on my face and totally turns me on? LOL
What's the name of that song?
What is the song called?
What song is this
Am i the only person who is overwelmed while doing or "trying" it?:D
Isn't she a little old
hi cool video - any chance you could tell me where are your leggins and bra from?
What music is playing in this? Would love to know!
I just broke a hip, where do I send the bill?
Evelina, will u marrie me? I rlly need gf who can dance. Its so cool.
what ish dat song i NEEDA KNOW!!!
Anyone know what this *BEAT* 's name？
What’s the song name?
Lithuanian? I can tell by the accent, and name of channel
How long does it take to learn this
Why the heck would anyone ever walk if they learn this?
Why is there a tutorial for this? This is what we do in between dancing hard but we don't want to sit, waiting for a good song.
whats this song called? :)
I need that music ,,,, what is it ?
I would smash and ask for more...
She was dancing?
swing dance is easy.. show me something i Don't already know
Isn't just basically a twist on the running man mixed with house dancing?
hey guys.. can I get 1 sub? only 1?😁  thxx a lot , I hope god always protect u
Name of the song?
isnt it just the walking man and then a buncha crip walking?
Background music?
Awesome video. What beat is that in the background LOVE IT!
Music ???
Which accent is this exactly?
I will give birth to your babies if you answer this question: How do i get a floor like yours. A floor that I can slide and glide on.
geezus....exhausted after 30 secs shuffling. how the hell you suppose to enjoy a full 3 min song lol
the name of the song please ??
How long did it take you to learn this???
Yo what the song called
Hello:) Whats the name of the Song ?:)
tnx for learn me that supper dance
what is the name of this beat?
fuuuuuuu i use to do the running man as a kid sooo easily, WHERE ARE U JR MEEE
what is the song called??
what's the name of that song?
Any videos on the moves in 2017 ? How do they dance now ?
Where can I find this music?
How the fuck do I go from call of duty to this :/
Am I the only one who thinks she looks like Shakira
What songs???
What is the name of the song?
Who else failed?
What's the songs name?
What is this god-awful Bunnydance remix in the background?????
What song is this!!
how to shuffle step 1. dont
Evelina what is the song from this video ?   It's a so cool beatdrop.  Please answer!
do you have to wear an outfit that makes you look like a chesspiece?
Am i on pornhub?
Where is the music from its amazing
That's awesome!!! Thanks! So... can you teach me how to Dougie? Teach,  teach me how to dougie
What's the name of the music?
Music?
So...running man + crip walk?
What are her shoes
Um, that's "shuffle dance"? Didn't know they applied a name to the dance style of the late 80s and early 90s.
What's the song for that opening  beat drop that's  fire 🔥 Btw that's Some sick moves 💃🏽 🕺
Can you tell me the song name of this
Wait,,, what shuffle??
what part of this video is "dance", i only see a girl doing weird movements of beat
so basically MC Hammer was the original shuffler?
So like what happens in 8 months when this dance isn't in style anymore? we all just get together wearing ed hardy shirts and shuffle while talking about breaking bad and Pokemon go? played out dated old hat bullshit.
Friend: What are you watching? Me: A video about how to shuffle dance! Friend: And why do you want to learn how to shuffle dance? Me: So i can get futured on Musical.ly!!
Nice shuffles.....What's the name of the song? Dign it...
I have a pair of wooden shoes, will those work?
what about making sure u dont have clothes on?
these are just mixed 80-90's moves combined with a form of Indian rain dancing, so hows this shit new?
Hy Evelina! Your movement is excellent :)....Which music is under the video?
can you do the tutorial with wearing normal clothes? ah no. nobody would watch it.  selfpresenting bs
I never danced before and I'm learning how to do the shuffle dance for the first time. Am I walking into a trap? Is it hard? Is it better to learn online visually or by an instructor?
What's the music
the song is Oliver Heldens - Bunnydance (SpaceSound Remix) for anybody wondering
damn, i need to know the title of the track you used as background music.
whcih song is that? you should have added it in the description
Simple ?     Not even in my dreams 😐
2:31 Doggy? im listening.. okay good tips ill have fun and make sure to improvise.
Whats the name of the music
is that oliver heldens on the background sound???
I love the pants! What brand are they? Your tips are awesome! Thank you so much!
how is this a thing.
Name of the music plz
Music title?
uhm, name of song ;)
Can anyone tell me where is a shuffle dance classs please
What's the name of the soundtrack???
Anyone know How I can Click the like button a million times??
what's a song?
Whats this song called?
What's that 1st song called
Background song?
Do you think this would be good as a small workout? I dont have any time to go to the gym between work (mostly due to the fact that I work at 5 am and the gyms near me dont open till 7 am and my shifts can reach up to 10 hours so I also don't feel like trying to go after work) so I've been trying to find something that is fun and a thing I'd look forward to when I wake up in the morning besides my sit ups and attemps at pull ups.
Wow this is so helpful thank you! where can I see more of your dance videos?
How bout if non of your shoes are slippery-ish
I'm trying, do yo have any beginners videos you can direct me too
Whats that tune its nice ? could use it for some of my videos , Im not fit enough to start trying to do this dance ................... yet
what is name first music?
does it help to be smokin hot? I"m pretty sure hotness helps but can't prove it.
Does this work with hardstyle as well?
Do I have to do it with shoes or is it just more easy with them?
Are the false breasts also necessary ?
Is she dutch?
How can I find perfect music for shuffling? I mean...not many vocals, just a nice normal speeded beat.  Thanks and great from Germany!
Why is watching this video so satisfying to me wtf
what for music?
What is the music ? 0:34
Is this for men, also?
how is that song called
is that a dildo on the computer desk?
How the hell can I dance this to death metal?
Good video... How about a part 2 to it?
Whats Name this music?
This isn't B O N E L E S S pizza??!??
How the hell did I get here? Wow. The loop has taken me out of my comfort zone. Moving on.
wow..how can anybody dance like that for an hour? I am a marathon runner, but this is a completely different ball game.
how long did it take you to perfectly Shuffle Dance and at what age did you start??
Running man instructions unclear. Ended up moonwalking.
Can you make a video on how to shuffle dance if you are introverted, nerdy, and awkward?
What if you are a guy with long hair?
How can I get a dance with that girl?
What's Name this music?
Hi Eva, you rock.. keep up the good work! What is the name of this fantastic track you have used for this tutorial?
what kind of Sneakers are These?
Song please????
how does one all that jazz?
you polish??
İt's so hard... WHYY?!...
how the fuck does she make it look so easy
where is that cute two piece from😭
Am I the Only one, who can't take my eyes off her?
What is the song name? :)
what this music's name?
What is that for a song?
Can you re-do the video BOUNCE top-less, can't hear the music...
is this porn
Can I tap with this dance
Music?
What is the name of the music
idk why is everyone making jokes about her or like about the video i mean i didnt even know whats the style of dance name is i just saw some videos on dancing accounts on instagram and tried it for like 5 times and its easy you just have to try and even thought you fail the first time, you have to re-try again and also thanks to the girl it helped me a lot .
Do you give personal lesson i am willing to pay no i am not a complete weirdo but i really would someone to teach me
what's is the name of this song
Wait what.. 7 beers ago i was watching Land Rover videos..
And what now actually with sex?
uhm what do i do with my boobs ._. they bounce everywhere...
But what if you have boy short hair and your a girl??? Still... THIS IS AN AWESOME VIDEO!!!!! THANK YOU!!!!!
I cant dance as u do :) Why I don't know thisss :( Why I cant do? ıt is so fastttt :(((
what's the name of the song?
this sux man how? HOW??????????? i can not spin like that
Let me know the background music, please.
don't know if i am watching for the moves or for her moving. ...
ok so when you shuffle, do you know what you gonna do next or is it just moving to the beat and putting things in randomly.
all my friend ask how I can dance like that and I tell them that I got it from you!! thx so much!!
Where are you from, I'm having a hard time pinpointing your accent?
Did anyone else notice how sweat she got? Pretty hot if you ask me.
you are awesome, what is the name of the tune?
When you're doing your spin, is one foot on the heel and the other on the ball of your foot? I was watching how you spin and sometimes I see you on both heels and other times heel toe.
Where did you buy this Outfit ? 😍
Does anyone know the name of the song...?
i looked like i was trying to play invisible hopscotch ....uuuh i just wana dance is that to much to ask for *eats a chip of the floor
what this music?
Why cant i do this? Im trying so hard! Does anyone have any tips for me? This is something that i want to do super badly!!! Can you please tell me how long you have been practicing to get this good?
while i watching it  , it looks easy, but when i try it , so damn hard, what shall i do? i cant dance this with my phone in hands lmao to see this steps
I have a very stupid but really honest question. How come you're so gorgeous and amazing? I mean, you have some moves but there is nothing about you I don't like. where do you meet ladies like you? Are you real? lol. I'm sorry but just couldn't help myself not saying something nice :)
but where are those leggings from?!
i guess im the only one who noticed the mirror kept moving on the desk in the video, what were you doing make up after ever move?
Am I the only 13 yr old into dis stuff?
why am I the only person that doesnt find this too hard?
what's the song?? Your shuffle is the most beautiful i've ever seen before
what if I am a guy, what should I do with my hair
why do you say chicken?
how did you learn to shuffle?
I will never shuffle dance until I learn, HOW DO YOU SHUFFLE?My floor is dry on its my shoes if I try it again it looks like I'm a baby trying to stand up when I can't!!!
What shoes is she wearing?
Whats the Songs Name?
song please?
It seems like most of the moves would cause plantar fasciitis for most people. Do you know about some exercise for that or just don't ever shuffle after you turn 30 ;) ...?
I somehow learnt by tripping over...   I hit my head, but I learnt how to shuffle, so that's good? Right?
what was the video about again ?
what song is this
pls name for dis Music ? ^^
How much time do you spent to learn it? ahahah
I wish I knew what song that is she's got playing! Shazam didn't know...
Is shuffle dancing considered indecent or banned or something?? I tried a little bit of it in a lobby and i was told that it's inappropriate, after searching it up i read that its banned in dance clubs apparently. How are there vidoes around or is the article just butthurt people?
when im drunk i start to shuffle and everyone is looking at me like i would be some crazy guy. Cuz the usual dance where i live is to stand in one place and just move hands and legs slightly  (boring shit) Anyone else has the same situation ?
Am I the only one that thinks shuffle dancing is kinda like advanced mom dancing 😂
why is the double step SO hard )-:
What country is she from?
where are you from?
SIDE STEP ? U KIDDING RIGHT ? its call T-STEP ! <.<
Where did you get your outfit? so cute
I can't do the running man. Am I doing something wrong or I just have to keep practicing?
What is THW Song called?
How do you do the double step?
why was this so hard to do lol
Why only girls can have their hair out of their face and secure?
what song did you use
Where'd you get that outfit?
+Evelina What shoe brand were you wearing?
Does this apply to men aswell?
Who need dance like that😂??!
how can I find this music
Can I use socks instead of sneakers or shoes??
I just have one question for our lovely instructor . do I have to be a girl to have long hair.
guys I wana ask u if I can learn shuffle from here or where I just want to shuffle?
where do I go if my whole house except for the kitchen? (give me other choices than the kitchen) and I can't really leave my house to practice
How much bpm is optimal?
Shall I learn a shuffle dance if I never feel a rhytm ?
anyone got here randomly?
can you reupload without clothing?
can you wear sock when you shuffle??
Which brand of shoes do u recommend? ps u got a very cool moving!
Who ACTUALLY came here for the shuffling?.. Be very fucking honest.
Video 2:41 did she just took a sidestep there, no stiletto in that one !
is there an age limit to learn how to do this. i hate exercise but figure if i learn to dance this way, I may actually enjoy moving my body and get some physical fitness out of it. THANKS
can anybody tell what track is playing ??
Is she thin because she shuffles or she shuffles because she is thin?
Did you get that kind of body just by shuffling?  We need everybody to get shuffling!!!
what is the music ' s name
jeeeeeez , who is this honey   ??
name of this track?
Where is your outfit from????!
Is this wrong if this video gives me a boner?
What B drop is ?
if the club is really bangin'...who the fuck has the room to do these moves...
Am I the only who really can't do it 😂😂
do you have gorillaz converse ? it's looks the same ( sorry for bad english)
Am I the only one watching this without knowing anything about how to shuffle dance? :D
Incredible, how is she apeaking without moving her lips? :O Awesome!
Omg where is her outfit from
MC Hammer, who is now broke and a security guard?
isn´t the sidestep called T-step and done a little diffrent? :D
What's the background "song" name ?
I tried this but my whiteness is too strong.  Any suggestions on how to break that aura?  Plus, I tripped and knocked a floor fan into my window and broke the corner.  I've decided to go to the fridge to get a beer and watch you do it.
Why she need to be wearing that its just shuffle!!!😂
Great, soo where is ur T-Step?
how come no one asks whats the title of the song? song title pls??
whats the song?
why does this have so many views?  This is not good cutting or shuffling?
is shuffle still a thing? xD
Where'd you get that outfit though. Please tell me
Can u twerk now love
is she even touching the floor
why and how am i here
how to draw an owl: 1) Draw a circle 2) Draw rest of owl.
Is the music a remix of bunnydance from oliver heldens?canu guys tell me how it is called
Name of the song? :3
side step? it's called the T-step to real shufflers
I hear the word dance but see someone running on the spot?
What's your Snapchat?
what shoe do you use?
okay I've learn the legs now what do I do wit may hands
Was this a video about some dance?
How to shuffle dance ... when melbourne shuffle changed its name ? You are dancing something and don't even know origins of this dance ;/ The "side step" you are teaching is called the "T"... I don''t know why this HARD dance evolved into something so soft ...
ive been practicing your tutorial but I still suck .. what's happening?!! :(
What song is a remix of Olivier heldens Bunny dance
how long have u been shuffling for?
did someone learn shuffle during the video? xD
90s work out video anyone?
How should i practise shuffling and masturbate to this video at the same time ?? impossibruuuuuh
What the fuck? Why does YouTube recommend this for me?  ... .. . Actually, I don't even care, you look GREAT!!!
are those jugs loaded?
what the name music
are these women grown in bottles or something?... i dont ever see girls like this walking around at the bar/club and what not.
I used to do those steps when I was a grade schooler. I danced a little bit of Latin dance. Nowadays, I hardly dance. I wonder if I can do it. 😶
improvisation; inspiration and have fun -- - how can you not do it? LOL
can you do a video about a shuffle dance that you did invente please?
NAme of the song?
how long did it took you to be so good at it? by mean good as in shuffling without stumbling and just being comfortable along with the music? I literally started a week ago and it's sooo hard.  i feel like I'm not getting any better; I don't see any improvement but i don't wanna give up.
What is that song called that you dancedin the tutorial?
What's with these 30 sec adds!!!!! Can't even skip them
I am trying it at home and I got one question: Is she single? <3
Am i the only one, that does not find this a simple dance?? :( cant even get the first step :'D
If you're seriously trying to learn this how about asking your parents first. lmao😂😂😂😂
Please let me know the name of the background music.
name of the song??
anyone else watch this muted ?
who made the bunydance remix cause i love the original by oliver heldens, evelina?
are you going to do more shuffle tutorials????
I don't know if I should try doing this
Do you play Pokemon Go?
is it just me or does anyone else LOVE the cross leg dance she does before she does the Running Man?
What more can you teach me !? 😍😍
its t-step not side step,god,what happend to shuffle this is not even a shuffle.this is cutting shapes mase by lmfao. melbourne shuffle forever.
Is it me, or do i see these moves in EVERY Selena Quintanilla performance!! Lol👼🏼☝🏼️🌹
Woh if doing this moves was so simple ............. I would end being Michael Jackson  ; )
what has happened to shuffle ;-;
HOW DFK IS SHE SO GOOD AT THIS IM LIKE bruh
Am i supposed to look like a Chicken trying to run away on a treadmill
I was doing the first one since I was little... is that bad?
Hi! How long have you learned to dance shuffle??
What is that instrumental
Do you have a boyfriend? Because I love to be. :'). You are so attractive.
Has anyone ran into this problem... I can't do it, please help give me tips. Going to grade 6 dance on Saturday! Thanks! RVSP
Why it looks so easy and when i do it it's just so hard?
What song is that?
Can anybody tell me what shoes she is wearing??
What shoes are you wearing in this??? U r amazing, love from Finland ✌
Isn't this just Konijnendans just without the hands?
can anyone tell me the song?
Does anyone know what shoes she's wearing, I really love them ? 😍X
what's this song!!!!
What music?
How can this be so difficult...
Can you come in Montenegro to teach me shuffle dance? :D
nice babe, but... has anyone actually learned shuffling by watching video?
what this music name? pls reply
what this music name? pls reply
what for track is this 0:30
side step...? seriously? at first you should learn the moves right, then practice yourself more. such a bad tutorial...
Hey guys what is the name of the song
please wha is the name of the song
how long did it take you to learn so fast?
Anyone know the name of the song? It isn't in the description.
people actually want to learn how to do this?
What's the name of the music that you was dancing on
hello!  do you know the name of the song?
why do those noobs give tutorials
what song is it?  nice video, real great how to vid, thanks for teaching
Did she ever notice this strange thing.. called HARDSTYLE SHUFFLE?
whats the music called ?
for all the mexicans out there, is it just me or what cuz when i shuffle i put my hand on my head as if im holding onto a hat i dont have, i cant help but feel like im dancing to old school mexican music
whats the song's name?? :o
Is it alright to do shuffle dance into New Jack Swing music?? That was kinda part of Running Man too.
What the song?
please what is the Name of the song
Who else came here for the hotgirl in the thumbnail
hold on... is she Lithuanian? :D
oliver heldens ¡! bunnydance if someone want to know the song :D
what is the Name of the song?
bad video how do ypu exepct us to learn when it that speed??
How do you slide across the floor with sneakers that have rubber soles? Don't they catch the floor or squeak?
Any suggestions of others types of dance anyone? pls help
where did you get your outfit?
Can you do that drunk too? Because I cant, that's actually where everything starts to screw up.
who made the number she danceing too?
U really try to get dem likes by showig ur body ?
floor should be sleepy for this kinda dace step... or is it shoe
Does this wirk with the hands?
song please? please ☺ thanks :) buatiful dance 😜
can fat ppl shuffle?
Can you make more of these dancing tutorials?
excuseme what's the name of that song?
bery complication
#Evelina what an impressive swagg (y) What is this song in the background? :D
Where are your workout clothes from?? They are so cute! :)
omg why are you so hot😍 i can't even focus on dancing
Where did you get the cute exercise clothes? And do you have a dancing playlist?
What is the name of the song ?
hey! Does anyone know it? what´s the name of this "song"? :)
is it true that shuffle is for women?
what is the name of song ?
is it the same shuffling and "cutting shapes"?
Where is that outfit from? love it
You guys really call this shuffle? Used to be much more lively and energetic and i mean ALOT.
Can you do a video on how to be exactly like you? Haha you've seriously got it all
How do i learn the 1st move? Just keep REPEATING* it till i get it?   REPEATING* = Do the move really, really slow :)
SHE CAN ACTUALLY DANCE! can we have a vid just of you dancing without teaching? its mesmerizing lol
You're soo damn hot Where did you learn to move like that ?  ;D ;*
What is the Name of the Shoes you wear in this Video? :)
WHERE IS YOUR OUTFIT FROM?
can u post links to some of that music?
Great dancing, do you have an older sister?
What are thoooose? XD 0:13  U look beautiful *-*
how did i get here?! from trap to hot girls? wtf
How did you talk without moving the lips?
Whats that song?
whats some good songs to listen to while learning these ???
Damn, where were you when I was learning to shuffle about a year ago. Great tutorial.
so track?
Where did you buy your cool sports bra and leggins? It looks amazing!
Do you have a playlist somewhere? Please?
yikes, this passes as shuffling?
In what music you can dance this? Only Electronic,or house,or... ? Or is there special 'shuffle music' ? Please would someone tell me fast???
no idea what's going on with my legs
No offence but this want helpful can u brake it down a bit more??
whats the songs name?
Omg Evelina, where is that gym set from?!?!? 😍😍😍😍😍
LOL, how can someone teach what they don't know. That's a side step.. really? It's heel toe heel toe, not a twist.
Did anyone else get the chills when the beat dropped?
Where is the hardstyle
Where are those leggings from though 😍👀
why the fuck does this bitch have 1.5 million views for a dance that has THOUSANDS of tutorials before this girl even heard of shuffle
why are americans only getting into this now? it's already out of fashion in europe
Hi  a little bit late i know but can someone tell me how the first steps to the side re called
Who does that anymore?
What was the song?
Um.. will you be my best friend? Oh, and my lover.
Can you stop being so hot please? I can't concentrate on the video.
what is  this  music  please  link  :D
What is this music ? I like it.
Am I the only one who thought of Stephanie Tanner?
Hi Evelina, can you tell me were you found this background rhythm?
Fuck is this? Hardstyle is the only style, this looks fucking stupid
What music did you use pls reply
request: shuffle in heels!
Oliver Heldens- Bunnydance (Spacesound remix). Can't find it on youtube anyone else?
i guess it's just me but the step back is a little bit exaggerated and looks like aerobic stretching...?
Can men also shuffle or is it gay ?
pls tell me sound name
whats the song when she first shows her moves?
Melbourne Shuffle what happend to you? :(
What's the name of the song?
how the song is called?
not to question your choreography or anything i dont know if its me but it looks like you tipy toe when you shuffle
Am I stupid? I cannot belive I cant do this stupids moves
Can you pls do more videos like this one?
Which song is this ?
Has Evelina made a Playlist of her favorite dance songs?
do you have an apartment tour video? I love how your place looks
side step?😒 it's called the 'T-Step'
Am I the only one who thought she went a Stefani Tanner on it??? (I just think she looks like her and the dancing just reminded me of her too)
does anyone know the name of the song?
what is that song name
whats the song
Where is her outfit from?
What shoes is she wearing? x
WHERE DO I FIND THIS REMIX ?
First of all it's called melbourne shuffle.. Second, that's not "Side step" it's T-step.... And you doing it wrong...
You leart me how to shuffle
what is the name of the song???
Name that song!!
what was the music she dances on
wtf is that ? thats not real shuffle...
what name this song
what name this song
what name this song
name of the song pls ??
How do you cut shapes Evelina
Gosh !!!! Who knows the music she using for ???? I get addicted -_-
People still shuffle?
what is the song name? please 😊
hypnotic colors darn,looks xtra confusing about tha trix with secrets
where did u get those workout clothes? super cute!
Are you meant to be on the balls of your feet when you are doing these moves?
hey,  wow, i want to thank you! you are a great dancer and teacher ;) this is one of the very rare videos explaining the shuffle very easy :)  So am i right that you just have the basic "rules" and you just build up your own style right?
whats the song called?
what's the song called?
If you're a girl put your hair up ? What if a guy has long hair ?
I didn't come her for the instructions. I just want to know where she got the workout clothes from. Does anyone have an idea where?
Where's the Phats? Where's the Hardstyle? Where's all the spins, kicks, and hat tricks? My eyes... ;-;
Does anyone know where her outfit is from? :)
who else went and actually learnt it and can do it!?! 🙋
Song name please :) ?
WTF is this terrible dancing :D
wtf u make it look so easy when i look like a dying fish
Do you know other dance styles as well? :D
song name please?
why do i want to learn how to do this i don't even like dancing but the running man looks so cool!
this boring shuffle with future house... where is the old "ORIGINAL"good melbourne shuffle with hardstyle?
I like the 'techno' shuffle, if that's what it is called? You know, the one where your legs go out to the side? I can do that one
How can you look so beautiful while you do that?... such a mystry. You are gorgeous, Evelina!
Am i the only one who watched the Sex Offender  Shuffel and wanted to see how a real Shuffel looks like?
Are those real tho? The socks.
Can someone please tell me what is the name of the song in this video?
What's the name of the song you used for this video? :)
Hey Evelina I love your channel :)  I'm learning so much from you and it's really fun to watch your videos. I was wondering if you would think of making a video on how to style formal clothing and formal colors and what are the best ways to give them some modern casual twists.  you see I really feel comfortable wearing colors like Beige , greys, blacks and whites... and I feel really bored of them sometimes, but we have a dress code for college that submits us to this way of dressing... If you can make a video for this I'd be really grateful. :0  love ♥
is this only a foreign thing because I am so confused and from the U.S
I thought shuffling was for hardstyle Aussies with baggy pants
Any Melbourne, Australian kids here that remember this from like 2006/2007?  Shuffling originated from us ;)
EVELINA! can you pleaase do a video on how to spice up school uniform for high school students?
HOW DO YOY DO THAT SIDE STEP OMG my other leg turns too and it's so hard to like not have it do that out of reflexes😂
Evelina can you tell me please what sneakers are you wearing. I mean those black and white ones,they look awesome!!
Can you let me know what brand outfit you are wearing, please?
I keep jumping up and down when I'm trying to do the running man, any suggestions?
Song name please ? its best for shuffling :)
How old are you?
Can you do a video on your fitness routine?
what is that song?
How long did it take you to do this smoothly?
2:30 doing the doggy? o.O
so this is how white people dance?
Can you please do a fitness routine video? #bodygoals
Can you please do a fitness routine video?
Can you please do a fitness routine video?
what music did you use?
How do you get your flat stomach?
For how long I have to train to be able to this? smooth, natural etc. just like her
Can you make a video on your breast augmentation?
how long will it take me to learn this :)
What have i just witnessed. So embarrassing!
Anyone know where I can buy the workout clothes ?
I tried it and I looked like a dying elephant Jesus why are you so talented
why are you so cool?? :D
what song did you use?
What moment when you understand the moves but can`t use them in practice, because you suck at dancing.
Is this how you're meant to dance at EDM fests? Wish I would do this without looking like a mess. I just jump around and try not to roll my ankle haha:(
I love the outfit, where can I get it? :)
Can you please make more get ready with me videos?
Love it soooo much!!! you're sooo goood!!! love you evelina, you're inspiring!! <3 can you make a playlist with some shuffle songs please? *.*
Where is that outfit from?! So cute!
Are these the dance moves the emos/goth looking people do? There's a video that went viral and it kinda looks like the shuffle. If so, cool!
Can you make a video on how to Twerk ? And be sure to wear a bikini, oki doki ?
GREAT TIMING! I'm hoping to go to a rave in SF soon and this will be so fun to try out! BTW, Your outfit is so cute! Where did you get it?
Can you do your workout routine? You're so toned! Please and thank youuuu
Is evelina the girl in the video of cool of summer (demi lovato)?
where did you bought that outfit :O????
Where did you get that workout outfit from 😍?
wait thats not good ?
wait thats not good ?
In the beginning your like cutting shapes or chill shuffle.  Then you teach basically the melbourne shuffle, which you switch to pretty much at the end.  Maybe next time you can do the Malaysian or more hardstyle shuffle? ;)
Could we please have a part 2? ❤️😄
where is that outfit from?
Are u going to nocturnal? Btw love ur shuffle!
WHERE DID YOU GET THAT OUTFIT?! : )
do more of these videos please
absolutely love your outfit! where's it from?
how'd you learn to do this??
Did she get implants???
Can you please do a current diet/exercise video? I'm sure a lot of girls want to know what you eat & what your detailed workout schedule looks like.. :)
loveee! You look great girl! can you do a fitness/nutrition routine video one day?
Where did you get that workout/pant/bra set?? Anyone??
WHY are you so perfect? girl, there is no hope for raising my self-esteem with you around lol
She has breast implants im not sure
Where is your outfit from? That sports bra especially! So cute!!! :)
Where is your outfit from? It's awesome!
Who else is that person who watches these videos for entertainment but knows they can never actually do this
what? I didnt know she could move like that
But, how
WHAT ARE THOSSSE?! lol this look so fun tho!
the double slide?.....you mean the running man?...ok
How to shuffle? Be Evelina!
can you teach us how to do the slide?
why.....
How did you learn to dance like that?!
Can I have you figure please...
Why is this video so satisfying to watch?
