How do you get the link
Has anyone used it on iPhone with no home button
Whyy i cant copy the link it just let me go inside the websitee linkkk
Can any give me link so I can prank my ex boyfriend plz
Does this work in 2020
And what if the ways to stop it dont work?
How come the link doesn't work
What happens if u open it on a laptop
Hello, what is your wallpaper on your iphone ??
Are you playing the Tiny wings background music for this video? Lol
android save for this?
Can you do it on WhatsApp?
How many phones does he have
Since I don't have an iPhone I use iMessage on iPad, when I sent this to my bff and she didn't open it (she is smart enough not to fall for these links) and I clicked it by accident, my iPad rebooted and when my little bro pressed it as he doesn't know how to read he just clicks on anything and the glitch came I pressed both buttons but it just went to recovery mode (showed Apple logo and went no further also my computer says it found an iPad in recovery mode). Why did this happen?
My iPhone 6s Plus has Chinese folders what do I do I want my device be safe please tell me
What is your intro song?
Instructions unclear, got dick stuck in ceiling fan
What about for android
what happens if you open this on windows?
Hey hackspot is it possible to jailbreak 32 bit devices and how I am asking and so is my half a million followers on Instagram +thehackspot
Does anyone know how it works?
Do you guys know if this actually affects your iphone? Does it put spyware on your iphone?
Hey man, is there any way I can make paypal money? Without surveys, videos, or any of that bullshit. It'd be great.
Is there a hack for gangstar Vegas that is legit?
hey this isnt nothing related to this video but i recently got the snapchat hack that you uploaded and now it doesnt let me sign in its telling me im using an old version of snapchat system thats no longer supported any help?
Background please?
Can you make an updated gba4ios tutorial, the old one (the updated version) won't work anymore?
Can i show us how to downgrade from ios 10.1 to ios 8.4.1
i love your channel but i dont have an iphone to try these on could u make an android video from time to time like 1 iphone vid  1 android vid
3 phones wtf
Can you plz do a how to get paid apps plz
What's the intro song?
TINY WINGS?!
How can I fix it
Can i get free offline music ios 10 ? Pls
Hack spot can you pls make a vid on how to gen free gems in clash royale but not using cash for apps because I'm using my cousins Apple ID and I can only download free games so if I want to redeem something he needs to put his password. And I don't want to ask him so can you pls make a vid.:)
Anyone else just love his thumbnails?
Hackspot I need a method to instal paid apps for free ios10 and above
Why is it like there's always something stuffed up in your nose?😂
Can you please do a video on how to convert a voice memo into a ringtone through pc!?
The hack spot what's better windows or Mac for doing jailbrak and downloading stuff like cydia impactor
The Hack Spot, I have a question for you, here goes; I recently attempted to use the no computer jailbreak pangu hack, Cydia installed but crashed every time it opened.  Later with the release of iOS 10, I attempted to download.  The software update screen (when checking for a new update) never loads.  I have since reset my device through iCloud but same issue.  Any help would be appreciated. Thanks
Can you make a free music player video?
@TheHackSpot you had a gaming channel can anybody tell me what it was pls I beg
How to install Cydia impactor in PC to iPhone 6 or 6s or 7 please tell us 🙏🏽
Is that tiny wings music?
Will this work on messenger
Dear TheHackSpot, can you make another video of prabking someone but using an android version
Does if Work wit Whatsapp ?
WAIT HOLD UP DIDN'T YOU JUST HAVE 5000 SUBS WHEN DID YOU EXPLODE
What about for the iPod touch 6 generation
This is a real virus right? cause it looks like it , and it looks risky and dangerous too
When i press it nothing happens lmao Why doesnt it work on my phone Im on iphone 6 ios 10 latest or almost latest and i come to the tab where its SUPPOSED to open the things but nothing happens.
What happens if u do it to android phones???!
OMFG!? What link do I copy and send to them????????????????
You do know that you can tell Siri to search up something and then click on it and then exit the previous tab? Am I right?
I can't copy the link from mobile. How do I copy it?
Y am I juss gettin the notification 😐
does alot of your jailbreak apps take up alot of space?
Wallpaper???
How do u copy the link
how u get the link
Will there be any more jailbroken how to's?
How do I copy the link on my phone?
How do I save it? It won't let me copy it by holding it...
Thehackspot how u get the link
How to get the link???????
But really. Can you just make something new. I'm waiting for another apps free. I'm tired of these dumb vids
