Do u shave ur private part before u use the scrubs and the brightening cream
When can u see the results
How many time do u do this
Can I use olive oil instead of coconut oil
Can I use in face too?
Do you know any one who has the time to shop for all the ingredients that you’re showing?
What should I use to brighten skin on inner thighs and private area between legs? Anyone know any cream or whatever? Plz help me
Ik this video is old but I don’t have plain yogurt so can I use vanilla yogurt??
what kind of yogurt did you use
Hi Khichi! Do you know how to brighten skin on private parts like down there?
Can I use sugar instead of coffee?
Can we use it in our face??
Please can you replace coconut oil with olive oil?
Can we use this mixture for face also?
Thank you for your sharing, can we use both ingredients for face skin? For all skin type?
can u use this for down there ?
Uh mm what kind of yogurt u use?
What kind of yogurt can I use? Is it the normal drinking yoghurt?
this grounded coffee  I can get to buy in any shop or is that I can get only get  making coffee with a coffee maker?
How many days to get results?
Can we use it around vagina?
Can we used those method on  armpit ???
This tips use pimple ??
What do you recommend for cellulite
Please tell me how many days we store  the baking soda scrub...??
Maam how mach days required to use it?
How long would I leave the first one on for
Can I use this on my butt as well? Lol this is embarrassing 😂😅 sry if I'm making u uncomfortable😅
Can men use it also ?
How many weeks does this take?
Can I mix all the ingredients together? then leave them on my skin for one hour and take a shower ?
What kind of yogurt did she use? Or can it be any original yogurt?
Does the yogurt need to be plain?
Can i do it just like that but minus the tomato??? Plz reply!!
How many days use in change colour in inner side
Are you using plain yogurt ?
If i scrub that yogurt and tomato paste for 5 min.. should i leave for 30 min ..? Or i can wash it, once i scrub it for 5 min..? Please reply
Can use for underarms??
Can you put in the fridge for s weeks use?
Can I use this on my face ? (Minus the tomato and yogurt) seems like good exfoliation.
Does it get rid of black booty
what is it that was mix with the coffee and soda,  is it water ?
Does losing weight help in brightening the thighs ??I mean its given that obesity is one of the causes ...🤔🤔🤔
What kind of yougurt?
can i use it on my face?
What kind of yogurt?
Who used it please tell us about the result ??
Is it only for dark/black woman,  or for all skin color woman???
How often do I need to do this?
What kind of yogurt is she using
Is this effective against scratching-induced dark spots?
where can we get coffee
how long we can store this ?
Can i use any yugurd or just sugar free
Does it really works
For the whitening skin how many days do I need to do it
Till how much time can i preserve this?
Does this work on the knees?
How often we should use this to see the results ?
Does it matter what kind of yogurt?
How long should it stay on the body?
how long should I expect it to work? thanks
Baking soda and water?
Does it matter which yogurt i use?
what kind of yougurt do you use?
Can we use the Bru sache i.e instant coffee (coffee powder we get in shops)??  Or should we ground the coffee beans??
What are the ingredients my data works very slow
What type of yogurt is it brand specific? Please list ingredients in description
Will it help in private parts too?
is there an alternative for yogurt?
What's the substitute of coconut oil? Is it possible? To substitute the coconut oil
What kind of yogurt? Does this work for under arms?
Does common coffee powder works?
What kind of coffee do you recommend?
I have dark patches under my breasts..xan i use the same treatment there?
Is it sanitary/safe to make say a month's worth and keep the mix in a glass container?
Where and how do I get baking soda
Hi kichi,your videos and your self is amazing,can you please tell me,can i use this on my face for the double tone of my skin
Can I use on my penis and balls because they are so black please let me know thanks
what kind of yogat
Did it really work because i really wanna get rid of my dark skin
how to removed scaly skin on legs I was suffering from since long time .can you help me out with home remedies.
Should i use only for one day for result?
if you hav sensitive skin can you use all of these ingredients? Also can they be used directly on the vagina and around it to lighten it and other areas like knees etc
Does this really work?
Why coffee??
Can we use olive oil instead of coconut? Please reply
What about the inner fat
Using only baking powder can it work for me only baking powder plus coconut oil
Hey khichi i saw ur video on inner thights blackness... And its nice ... I want to know a home treatment to reduce my inner thighs i am have a healthy body and my inner thights always keep on rubbing to each other whatever i wear and just bcos it not reducing the thights shape my pants and other wears get so yekks and i cant wear it again i always apply lotion  to keep them soft till the day end but i m unbale to reduce my thights what can do
Anyone tried this, and saw results?
But can I use sweat almond oil instead of coconut oil
Does it work tho?
Can we replace the baking soda with anything else?
How many times do you have to use these until you see results?
Hey can i use olive oil rather than coconut oil?i hope you can see my comment and reply😊
Hi my name is Natesha im from Guyana and i have dark spots between my legs and its really embarrassing when i wear shot clothing can i used any kind of yogurt to do the treatment or i need a specific yogurt to do it
Can this mixture be used to lightening private area
is it usefull anyone try ds?
Can I replace grounded coffee with powdered coffee or nescafe
Hello mam. Can i also apply in my underarms?
I'm waiting for someone to say it actually worked?? Asking for a friend...
Please, can you do another easier way
how to remove dark spot in hand
What kind of coffe?
please can you give me details of what you use to edit your videos and also the app you use to write large number of texts over a picture. thanks
can this be made in advance? if so, what is a good storage idea?
What can i use for the anus area. My second pregnancy i have like dark lines in between my butt cheeks and its annoying to have sex
I just want to ask? What if. i don't have coconut oil. what should i gonna use? It's possible to use olive oil?
I can't use baking soda I have sensitive skin what should I use?
Is it ok to apply if u have boils on the thighs ??
Can you use these treatment in your face? How long should you leave on skin especially on face area? Can you also use the scrub in the face? I have dark under eye circles mouth and nose areas?
Can we replace the yogurt with anything else?
Does it have any side effect if used for long tym
Can we use this for underarms & the area below the breast
what about the dark knuckles of your fingers?
How long will it takes before I see results
What if I'm allergic to coconut oil? What else can I use?
Do u have any  tips for hair
Is this 3ffective ?
how can get rid of dark spots on my legs
Which body lotion do u use for your face and body
I need to see a BEFORE PICTURE
What kind of yogurt did you use
Can I use it on my face too?
Is it going to work?
please which types of yogurt
Will the tomato brightener bleach out your skin?
Does it only work thighs? What about stomach?
What can I use to get rid of hair in my face
Can I use just the yoghurt nd tomatoes to clear my dark thighs or it works together with the grind koffee, baking soda nd coconut oil??
what can i use as skin brightener to be a substitue if i dont have yogurt?
Can it be used on underarms??
Do it really wrk..
Just wondering  Do u have any before &after pics from you or another user? Thanks!!
Nice video.can I use both on my face?
How many people has this worked for and how little long did it take?
for how many days this treatment will gonna use??
You tried to deafen my ear with your damn introduction music. What wrong with you? Don't you listen to your videos before you post them or what?
hi frd, I am not able to get Ground Coffee powder is there any alternative of this, Please reply me bsrini565@gmail.com
Can i use baby oil instead of coconut oil? pleaseee answer.
My two ✌ years old 👵 has dis pls how can I get it off 📴
Can this work for burn marks left on skin
Does this really works @khichi beauty
What can I use to get rid of dark spots under my chin And dark circles under my eyes
Can this treatment be used for stretch marks as well? Please let me know asap, desperately seeking help
Can this same combination be used for under arms n neck area as well?
can I use a body scrub instead of this recipe? is body scrub safe?
Did she say Ties or Thighs
Where can someone see all the ingredients
Where can i get those ingredient
so I can't just use the coffee scrub? I have to use both in one treatment?
how do I remove dark spots from my face pls
wondering how the yogurt comes in
Does this work on your genitals?
Can you use this on bikini  area? Cause when i shave  my bikini  area it leaves  bumps and darkness
Hi khichi what type of Yougat Did u use? Was it normal your Yougat we eat? An what d flavor if so?
Hello Khichi, can you please add sub-titles to your video so that one can watch them without necessaryily having to use sounds.
please what type of yogurt can someone use ?
how many times we have do this procedure per a week
Does this really works
Hi Khichi definatly gonna try this. but would this work for dark areas around the neck as well? if not do u have a remedy for it? would love a video for dark areas around the neck
What kind of Yogurt do you use?
Does it also work on the vagina?
anyone tried this?
so can anyone tell me if they have tried it 7 that it actually works?
no offense meant ha but it seems she has also dark inner thighs and even darker than mine..   so how can i trust this video?
Is this too harsh for the face...?
What kind of yogurt? Like Greek yogurt?
Will it help discoloration on hands and feet and face from the sun exposure
has anybody tried this and seen results? she explains well how each ingredient work so it should work right?
can anyone please give me info on the type of yogert?
how long did it take
can I do it without tomatoe?
Does it matter the kind of yougurt or brand?
how much time we can use it???
i would love to know how to do my eye brows like her but my ties are fine for now anyway
what kind of coffee do you use to make rid of dark inner thigh ricoffy or frisco
what kind of coffee to make rid of dark inner thigh ricoffy or frisco
anyone tried did it work? plz respond
if you want to lighten your ass, which treatment you can use?
what can I use if i don't have coconut oil?
what can I use if i don't have coconut oil?
what can I use if i don't have coconut oil
what can I use if i don't have coconut oil
what  kind of yogurt do you prefer to use Greek??
hi. love your videos plz help how can i cure sunburnt face?..thank you
how  long  can do dark  clear  pl  tell
What's a Dark inner Tie?
is it greek yogurt or regular yogurt
this is non-sense .what wrong with dark skin or dark inner thighs. could not watch the video till the end
What kind of yogurt
Can it be use on armpits?
has anyone tried this and worked for them ?
if this does not work .what u gonna do
You need before and after pictures over a certain length of time so we can see the effects. The recipe and explanation of how to make are fine, but does it work? Comparisons help answer this.
Hi mam, can i mix the baking soda & coffe powder?
can u do a video with removing pimples plzzz
Did anyone gets any results using this remedies?
how fast will I see results
can this be made in bulk and stored?
can u use nest coffee??
so how many times do you have to use it?
Is this also good for bikini and butt area and armpits? Thanks. Good suggestion all natural.
Can you use Shea Butter instead of Coconut Oil
Can this be used on my face to get rid of dark spots
can olive oil be used as an alternative for coconut oil???
how much time to start seeing results ?
nice if have no coconat oil can i use fresh caws buter ?
instead of yogurt, can we use curd?
can i also use this in the under arm?
What kind of yogurt do you actually use?
what can I use to substitute coconut oil
We can use only coconut oil???? Or something else too?
I mean what should I use to remove it, I want something that will work for two days.
pls don't be offended i don't know where to purchase dis coffee and yoghurt from does any one has an idea pls
Hi may can use just only tomato and yougurt if no more baking soda and coffee?thanks
Can I used any yogurt @Khichi Beauty ?????
What kinds of yorgurt @Khichi Beauty
how to get rid pile on the face
is there any difference between baking soda and bicarbonate soda?? seems like we dont have baking soda in S.A been looking
how long it work for
Please for how long will it take before removing
helloo thanx for the tip😀but must it be specific white yoghurt or any other color yoghurt?
hi ms khinchi..what if dont hve coconut oil..what other oil can i use for the complite of the engradients?thank you
hi dear is there anything to add to the tomato apart from yogurt
Hi... Im regular in watching ur videos and also try out some of them too... Will this method also light the colour of the thigh as well the wrinkles too?
Thank you for posting videos. Is there tomato replacements for your remedies?
If this condition occurs due to hormone imbalance then ur remedy will work or not?plz do rply
thanks for the video and I want to ask in our country we have baking powder not soda can it work with it
Hi Kichi, your videos are awesome. Can the scrub be used for face or is it very rough for the facial skin?
can I use it on my elbows? I'm really light skind and I have really dark elbows
any alternative for baking soda dear
Please what kind of coffe?can i use nescaf dark coffee?
Hello dear thxs for good job ,I just wanna ask you also that it can work on dark rid of battock I mean do down of it
what if l don't have baking soda?
Does it matter which  type of grounded coffee i use?
are you Jamaican European khichi
