How important is the rinse? I bought the mouth guard and the gel, but not the kit with the rinse.
How long does it take to see a difference?
Does anyone have a link to those mouth guards? I cannot for the life of me find them at Walmart, dick’s, target, etc.
What do you do for your bottom teeth?
Should you brush before and after?  or is it like white strips where you want to wait an hour after brushing your teeth before you apply. Basically I'm asking what exactly you should do before and after applying this whitening technique?  Thank you so much
truth or cap?
What about the bottom teeth??
What a sweetheart you are!! I’d like to ask a question please, does this approach cause tooth sensitivity? I mean if you do it like you recommend it not every day or anything crazy but, just once a month or just at first? Thank you for your tip and I’m sorry to hear about your dad even if it was a while ago, may God and Christ bring you peace and comfort❣️💯
Not to sound dumb because I'm late on this video, but do I need a mouth guard for top and bottom?
Only on the upper teeth?
Can someone tell which chemical this product hai?
Can we do this with retainers?
What about the bottom teeth
What about the bottom teeth?
Who’s here in 2021?
How to do bottom teeth?
Where'd you get that hat?
How do you do the bottom teeth
How fast does this work?? Actually 5mins or a week or so?
What is the name of the product?
Probably a stupid question but... So do i use a 2nd guard for the bottom half of teeth?
I have a retainer that's the same kinda rubbery material and it's already shaped to my teeth (I had braces and this was the temporary retainer I wore before I had 2 individual plastic ones made for my top and bottom teeth.) Would it be all right to use that for this whitening method or do you still reccomend a new mouth guard one?
has anyone tried this method with a black mouthguard ? I wasnt able to get my hands on a clear one
can i use plastic wrap instead of the mouth guard
They don't ship the teeth whitening gel to the UK is there an alternative gel I can use??
I tried to fit it to my teeth multiples times, but it only fit to the bottom of my teeth 😓 can someone tell me if it will still work?
What about your bottom teeth?
Wait what about the bottom set of your teeth?
who's here ? April 28th 2020 ..
Would using this if you have  enamel loss not be recommended ?
What about the bottom teeth ?
What about the bottom......
Am I the only one that almost drowned while doing this in the shower?
What about the bottom teeth though???
Don't you need that LED light thing in your mouth for this to be effective?
Instead of using a mouthguard can I use my retainers?
Is she married or we send her to planet Mars?
Hi How do get your pick lip? Thabks
What about the bottom teeth
I smoke will it work for me?
What about the bottom teeth?
Loved the video,.is it me or i just missed the bottom teeth process?
How often do u use this ?
Has anyone actually used this and did it cause sensitivity?
what about my bottom row of teeth they just gon stay yellow 😳
So how do you whiten the bottom
Can i just use my plastic retainer?
What you do on tha five min? You spit or you can swallow?
what if u have braces?
is this bad for your enamel???
Can i use this product with a ”led lamp” för teeth whitening?
So what are u trying to tell me YouTube 🤔?
What if u have sensitive teeth?
Is it necessary to use a mouth guard? I looked a few places and even asked but I didn't find any.
Do they still sell that at Walmart because I just checked the description and it said the video was posted in 2013! 🤔😓
Does this get rid of brace stains?
Is YouTube okay? Why is yt suddenly recommending me videos from last century?😂 Not that I'm complaining.
Is this still relevant? This video is super old.
Isn’t that tray thing kinda like a Invisalign lol? Like I can wear it to fix my teeth
Is the teeth whitening gel available on Amazon?
What about the bottom row do you do the same thing for those teeth as well.
Teeth are suppose to be yellowish, How much cancer is in there???
BRO TELL ME SHE DOESNT REMIND YALL OF LOLLY WHITEHILL FROM ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK. 😂
Curious why not put the gel directly into mouthpiece instead of on teeth?
Where can i find it in greece?
who else here in 2020?
Does this technique also apply to bottom teeth ?
What about the bottom tooth?
So ... after all the years of using this, how are your gums and, how thick is the enamel now? Gums erode with age, enamel erodes with age, this stuff speeds up aging kids.
What about the bottom teeth? No mouth guard for that ? Just use the gel?
How bad is this for your teeth? i am scared to trie.. maybe when your 50 its maybe damaged like hell and all your teeth fall out?🙈
Anyone get tooth sensitivity with this whitening gel?
Is it safe to use this every day ?
Hmmyou wouldnt have a before and after do you on your process?
Can we use retainers to whiten our teeth instead of the mouthguards?
i have really sensitive teeth. some say to use it once a week. the box says every day. does anyone know the real answer for sensitive teeth? thank you
Has anybody applied this with sensitive teeth
Can someone share the music used in this video
how do your bottoms get whitened?
Can you please link where you bought that teeth whitening product
Are you still as pretty?
Why do i watch this when i have braces? 😂
What about the bottom teeth
Would you recommend to under 18s because I’m 16 and my moms orthodontist said whitening kits don’t work and can damage ur teeth
what do you do if you dont have the rinse?
What about the bottom row?
how many times per 'year??' do you use it to mentain?
Do you have to use the rinse?
Idk Why I am watching this in 2019 like if it’s not just me
YouTube you silly shadow banning platform why did you feel the need to recommend this 6 year old video
i love your subtle make up today can y ou do a video on it?
Can you use a retainer instead of a mouth gaurd?
The thing is I can’t tell if it worked or not because your teeth are already so white and I have used that gel and it worked pretty well but not that good
What about your bottom teeth?
Can I use my retainer for this instead of the mouth guards?
this just popped up in my recommended. is youtube tryna tell me something??
What if you have retainers
Can I use my Invisiglin instead of the mouthguards?
I wonder if it really wrks
But isn't this really bad for your teeth?
Is there any fluoride in the whitening gel?
How do you do the bottom teeth??
What do you do to the bottom teeth ?
What about your bottom teeth?
What do you do to whiten the bottom teeth?  That's only for the top teeth.
Doesn’t this make your teeth more sensitive tho?
What toothpaste do you use
Why not show a before and after. I use backing soda and peroxide.
Say what!??
Please tell me the name of these products
Great vid! Thank you! 😃 One question though, after you've put the mouth guard in the water and it's wobbly, how long do you leave it in your mouth to form around your teeth?
Wondering if anyone with super sensitive teeth has tried this method???
Does it matter if it's clear or black?
I live in tye UK ( Scotland ) is this on amazong uk or anywhere similar? hope you see this
EXCELLENT video~~~ I'm wondering if this will help whiten my caps.... the dentist says it won't. Also, I drink 2-3 cups of tea a day.... I hope it will remove tea stains!
But what about your bottom row of teeth lol
Does the mold fit the bottom teeth
question,, can i put the paste in the mouthguard then put the guard into my mouth?
What about the bottom teeth ?
What about your bottom teeth?
What about the bottom teeth?
Anybody else notice how beautiful her eyes are😍?
Who else noticed a black stain on her teeth in the beginning only me? Ok....
🍃💗hmmm.. but what about our bottoms?🤓💗🍃
I drool a lot during this. Is that normal? Like a LOT
Is it fine if it touches the gums?
What about the bottom teeth?
how dos the hot plastic not burn your gums?
I have 4 caps, does it work on them?
What about the bottom?
How long does the mouth piece last? Do you wear the top and bottom mouth guards at the same time?
Who else saw the black stuff in her tooth
Can you use this as a retainer?
It works for men as well right?
I don’t see a difference, your veneers are white before and they are the same colour after?
What’s the name of the mouth guard ?
what toothpaste do u use? lol
Does anyone know, if they have this tooth whitening paste in Britain.. is brits don’t have a wall mart🤔
What about the bottom teeth?
Hello Kandee, just a quick question please. The link you put to get the gel bleach  for Amazon, is it exactly the same as what you use? I know its call the same.. Just looks different, I wanted to make sure with you first :) Great video, I love how you take us right through the steps, your the best.
Hey y'all.. I'm in Ontario and Walmart doesn't sell either guard or Plus White so I am going to buy it on Amazon. I was wondering what the exact name and brand is for the mouth guards. I am a small person so I will probably get the one for youth lol
Hey can someone please confirm if this dosnt Ruin the enamel or strength of it?? Only reason I’m not doing it is because it might damage the strength of my teeth. So anyone ???
how long does it last
Can my teeth get THIS white with just this product??
Can I do this using my clear retainer?
I just got my braces removed. how many weeks or months shall I wait before I start using it?
Hi. Fascinating.  Do you also put it on your lower teeth?
Where can i buy thosse in uk?
Hi. Any suggestions of how I can whiten my composite bonded?
Kandee.. pleeeease what’s this lipstick colour??? It’s perfect😳👌🏻😍😍😍😭
Would you do it on the your bottom teeth the same way, or is there a different method?
I just watched this video 3 times trying to see the name of the product she used 😒😒😒 what is it!!! Lol
Can I do the bottom teeth without a guard? I have a permanent-retainer on the back of my teeth
are there any alternative products in europe?
How do you get the bottom teeth? Do you have to get a separate guard for the bottom teeth?
For anybody who tried this.. does it really work?
Can this hurt your enamel?
So I have extremely sensitive teeth and I’ve lost a lot of enamel and I’ve really been wanting to whiten my teeth (but my dentist says most of the cheap methods like the crest whitening strips will make my teeth even more sensitive so I haven’t tried them) do you think I could try this, or would it weaken the little enamel I have left? Thank you!
what about the bottom teeth
2018 and trying to get white teeth? No? Okay I'll leave now 😂
Whats the name of brand
Just curious but wont that mouth guard burn your mouth and then sucking that in from the hot water?  I find that using Crest whitening toothpaste keeps my teeth white also but not as white as yours. Im a coffee drinker, but it does prevent it from staining.
Why dont we have these products in Norway? 😭 i want it so badly
Umm anyone else wondering how she gets the bottom row of teeth white? Lol
is this kinda the same thing as Crest white strips except cheaper?
I really don't want to sound rude but what is that bump on your bottom lip? Pls don't drag me I'm just curious :Dd Ily Kandee❤
Can I use aluminum foil instead of a mouth guard?
Can you put both guards in at the same time?
Can this work for crooked teeth?
bruh, is anyone else having trouble with shaping the tray? its taking me a WHILE to get it bendy
What about your bottom teeth?
What about the bottom?
I have retainers like that can i use that as mouth guard?
Wtf what about the bottom teeth lmao
what about your bottom teeth?
What about the bottom teeth
GREAT video! Can you do the same for the bottom teeth?
How often do you whiten? Is it daily?
Why didn't she just boil the water?
Do you whiten the top and bottom teeth at the same time or separately? And you would need two different mouth guards, correct?
What about the bottom teeth??
Where in Walmart can you find the mouth guards?
Do we need to do the rinse?
Nice, but is it safe for your teeth?
How do you know which mouthguard to buy?
does it damage the layer on your teeth
My top set of teeth is fine, but my bottom set has two teeth kind of “overlapping” each other. Would this still work for the bottom?
Do you do the same for bottom teeth? (Lol I know this video is really old)
Tried to find it in the lower mainland walmart, and had issues, checked online, and it seemed to show something with no picture for 26. Checking on amazon. Has anyone found it on there?
Anyone know where to find something similar to the Plus White gel in canada?
what do u reccomend for pugs? asking for a friend.
What if you have braces
Am I the only one wondering if she has veneers? People compliment me on my teeth ALL the time, it's really the only thing I like about my face/ body, but even mine aren't this white, the only this white kind of teeth I've seen are veneers.
Why did my gel turn into a liquid? Can I still use it like that?
Is this damaging for the enamel?
Why did the intro remind me of annoying orange...
That's all fine & good, but how do I get my lips so kissable like yours? That is the question! Sorry 'bout your dad, I just lost both my folks. God bless.
does this weaken/hurt your teeth at all? bc mine are sensitive
Hey!! I have the clear retainers from having braces a few years ago and I was wondering if I could use those for the tray?
Does the mouth guard work for the bottom also?
I know I’m almost 5 years late but idc, I have a question.  Does it weaken your teeth?  Thanks to anyone who answers! :)
Wait, don't you heat up water in the kettle in the USA? Don't you have kettles?
How is this for sensitive teeth?
Why do you put water into a mug of water into the microwave to heat it up. Use a kettle??
Any other new youtubers who want to support each other ? 🙏🏽❤️
Most of my adult teeth haven't came in yet even tho my baby teeth r gone. Can i still use it?
Anyone do this and get positive results?
Does bleach help? (Jk)
Does anybody know if this will ruin the enamel on your teeth?
Kandee ... can I use aluminum foil instead of mouth Gardner? Plz reply
Bottom teeth?
Does this really work ? If so how long does it take to actually see results? Thanks
What toothpaste do you use
This Wilson mouth guard will do only the top? What about your bottom teeth? Great smile you have. Great video!
Has anyone with sensitive teeth tried this??
did it work on dark yellow teeth
What do you do for the bottom teeth
Can you do this video with the newer packaging cause I don't think you have to mix water with the new one now but I just wanna know
Has anyone tried using thier retainers if you have invisaline retainers ???
what if you have a chipped tooth?
Have you tried active charcoal yet? I get it at Sprouts. Supplement aisle about $10. Cut the capsule and brush your teeth.  Works better.  Better for you too.
What abt the bottom teeth?
is the rinse necessary??
Instead of the mouth guards.... could I use my essix retainer?
I realize it's been a few years, but would you mind posting the eye and lip makeup you're wearing? PLEASE?? Such gorgeous, cool toned pinks, I'd retire my tanning gel to wear those colors!! 🙏🏻💋🙏🏻
How do I get my bottom teeth? Same thing as top?
@Kandee Johnson how often do we use this?
Can we use that tray you molded again?
What about the bottom part?
Do u still brush ur teeth
what about bottom teeth
I want to whiten my teeth for homecoming which is in 6 days I don't think ahead lol. Has anyone done this? If so how fast did you get results?
And so you leave the bottom row teeth yellow ?
How many times a week do we do this?
Hi which toothpaste will you recommend?
I'm 13, can I use this? I've always had such a complex with my teeth.
Do you still use this?
What about the loert teeth
Okay so this is a dumb question lol I'm just wanting to make sure (and since you're a former orthodontist you probably know the answer) but I got a mouth guard for soccer that I never used from my orthodontist, it's the shape of my teeth and everything but would it be okay to use it for this? I have braces but only on top so I'm trying to get my bottom row white. Thanks!
Does it burn your gums?
instructions unclear, my foot is stuck in the ceiling fan.
Can you use it without the rinse like can you just use the gel and then rinse w water or your reg mouthwash
Can you do this with braces
I love that "fancy goblet"!! where did you get it?
Does this work better than whitening toothpaste???
Doesn't the whitening gel get pushed up to your gums after you put the mouthgaurd in?
What about the bottom teeth
What about the bottom teeth
Do i need 2 mouth guards? One for the bottom and one for the top and use the same method for the bottom?
or you can just regularly brush your teeth?
Please Answer... How old do you recommend your age to be to do this?
Wilson don't make the clear guard anymore. Can u suggest an alternative?  Thanks.
I searched up "How to get white ass teeth"
Thank you so very much for the happy and right to the point whitening tip. Please can you tell me , honestly about how long would it take a person to get their teeth a noticeable difference of white it this would be the 1st whitener you have ever tried and if your teeth are a normal white and taken cared of? How many time using this product and your tip to get your teeth say, 3  times whiter? Thanks again.. :+)
Can I use my Invisalign(invisible braces) as the mouth piece?
so, is there flouride in the product?  how about glycerine?  sulfates?
What about for dental implants can that work ?
what about your bottom teeth?
so you need 2 mouthguards for this to work?
Same thing to the bottom?
Is it still effective if you place the gel inside the mouth guard and THEN place it into your mouth? xd
will this make my teeth sensitive ?
What about bottom teeth?
Can kids that are 12 old do it too or not
Do ya even know how to focus the camara
Did anyone else get bothered by the beginning because it wasn't focusing
does anyone know if this will hurt for sensitive teeth?
So can you make a guard for the bottom teeth as well.
I live in the city; thus no Walmarts around. Can I order these online or are they somewhere else, too?
What about the bottom
Hi love your review.  One question you brighten your top teeth and what about the bottom.   Can we also do our bottom teeth like the top procedure.   Will you let us viewers know thanks God bless.
Does it hurt or make your teeth weaker in any way cause some have side effects
are you supposed to get the whitening on your tongue
Do you also get another mouth guard for the bottom teeth as well?
Can you do the same for the bottom teeth too?
This worked great for me, I put them in for 20 minutes and my teeth didn't look yellow at all. How often can I do this?
What if you live in England???
Kandee, you show the football mouth guard for the upper teeth. My football mouth guards included upper and bottom. Was the bottom guard left out of the video? If not, could you please clear up my confusion? Thanks.
Can you do this with braces?
Do you also do the bottom teeth too or just the top?
i just got my braces off and want to do this but i have a bonded retainer (wire on the front six teeth of the top and bottom to keep them from shifting back) but since it's on the back of my teeth and doesn't show could i do this? i don't want to damage the retainer and have to get put in again. i would wait til it's off i'm supposed to keep it on for like as long as possible :/
Is this okay for sensitive teeth?
I want to try the method! Looks easy to do it! I have two question: what about the bottom teeth? and hw often do you have to do it to get result? Thank you for sharing!
from someone who has REALLY tried this, does this really work?
Hi Kendee, not sure if anyone before asked you but how often you whitening your teeth? is it once per week or month? Want to start but not sure how often should I reply it;) thank you so much for reply;D...I'm your biggggg fan from Poland;D ;***
Do you think the other whitening gel from that brand works ? I couldn't find the one with the red label 😭 @kandee Johnson
How are u not verified!
Does it make a difference if you don't use the rinse?
Can I just use the guard it comes with? (The kit)
How long does this usually take to work (aka how many times do you have to do it) for your teeth to become white if they are heavily stained?
What if you are 9 years old and you can't by those things or if you don't have the supplies?
wait but what about the bottom teeth
Can you smoke and drink coffee in the meantime (throughout those 14 days), or is that a big no no?
I have invisalign braces can I use them for that too?
What tooth paste do you use?
Does it hurt if you have sensitive teeth? The whitening crest strips hurt my teeth I'm wondering if this might hurt as well?
how do you make your teeth clean
Do you still use this system to whiten your teeth?! I've always seen this in Walmart and wondered if it actually worked because it's so cheap. But you've really got me convinced to try it. Your teeth are SO white!
what about the bottom teeth
I got my braces off a few months ago, but I have a metal retainer on my bottom row of teeth. Could I still do this? Or should I look for something else?
Background music?? any1?
Can u just use your retainer for this instead of buying the tray?
Do you not drink any coffees or things that could stain your teeth?
Is there any substitute because we dont have that in our country 😭😭
What country are you from
for a beginner do you use this like every week?
Instead of mouth guards can I use my after braces retainer?
I have super sensitive teeth, will this be really bad for them?
How do you do the bottoms
Does anyone know how long it takes to see a difference???
Does this cause damage to the enamel?
I live in the U.K. So can't get that gel, does anyone have recommendations🤔
What's wrong with your voice? I LOVE your voice! So cute and soothing. You could read the phone book to me and I'd listen. You're awesome!
can you demonstrate you using this method in the shower? ill subscribe then
What about bottom teeth?
can i do this everday?
slow to say which is the rinse brand please!
Half my front upper tooth is plastic, is it safe to bleach my teeth then?
Anyone tried this yet?
Hey! How do I whiten the bottom? If I just put it on my teeth, my bottom lip is moving it off isn't it?
has somebody tried it?
u do the same thing with the bottom teth?
How do you do the bottom teeth?
What about the bottom row of teeth?
Does Plus White pay you to do these facebook videos for them?
what do u do for the bottom?
+Kandee Johnson How about the bottom teeth? Cuz I need my bottom teeth whitened as well.
is it my eyes or is she really blurry
i drink a lot of tea and coffee.. how do you maintain white teeth doing this? i brush morning and night and floss almost daily but my teeth are still off-white.. :/
where is the product name 😢😢
do we put it on the back of the teeth?
do we put it on the back of the teeth?
How would you whiten your bottom teeth?
Can I do this on my bottom teeth as well?
can you eat normal when your doing this, or do you have to eat dry food and stuf. and what if you have fillings? is it safe?
Is this good for sensitive teeth ? I bought the kit and mouth guards but I'm too scared to use them
Just bought the whitener. Couldn't find the mouth guards :c The cheapest at Walmart was 14.99. But, I can't wait to try this!  Thank you Kandee! Also, if you have a high gag reflux would this still work with the mouth guard?
Do you drink coffee or wine? Do you have any issues with that?
what if I want to whiten the bottom of my teeth too? :P
does the mouth guard work for the bottom teeth also?
Thank you Kandee ) I have to try this)!!Ps! Do i need to buy the whole package? The whitening product is easy to buy, but...... can i just buy that & not the mouthrinse? Lovely if you reply). Thanks, and love from Norway... from a Swedish Pernilla  )  )
On a scale of 1 to 10 how much does this method work? I want white teeth so so so bad and I've tried teeth whitening strips and they aren't helping 😔
what about the bottom teeth tho
Kandee I commented here 5 days ago and tweeted you asking about this whitening process. I went to walmart today and bought the kit since they didnt have the gel by itsself and i got the wilson mouth guards. Looks like the wilson mouth guards are only for upper teeth. I bought two mouth pieces but did you just use one for upper and for lower?
Now I am in no way a professional, this was just a thought but - to all the people who are nervous about using abrasive teeth whitening products (whether they be homemade or from the store), why not eat spinach 30 minutes before the treatment? I may be wrong but isn't spinach a sort of "sealant" in the way that it gives you a thin film on your teeth? I'm not sure but spinach is definitely good anyways haha
Can I use my clear retainers instead of the mouth guard??
Do you still use this teeth whitening process?
+Kandee Johnson  Since u were dental worker can u please make a video how to fix rot teeth without a Dentist plz plz can yu make it now plz 😰😰😰😁
guys, should I choose the youth or adult mouth guard ? i'm 25
anyone in England- do you know where you can buy mouth guards like this, where they're the soft type of plastic? x
What about the bottom teeth?
How long have you used this to get your teeth this white? You mentioned you've been whitening your teeth since 16 but i didnt know how long you've been using this^^ thanks!!!❤️ i will definitely be trying this
WTF is focus?😂
anyone got a link for this product?
Is it just me or does she sounds like lolly from orange is the new black lol
I have permanent retainers, will the product effect it/the glue holding it against my teeth?
How often should this be done?
Is this procedure working on dental work too?. Thank you in advance for your answer.
what are the fings u used?? sorry
What's the names of all the product it's not showing much on the video
hi everyone ,if anyone else  trying to find out food grade peroxide try Ichordo Natural Teeth  Fixer (just google it ) ? Ive heard some interesting things about it and my partner got great success with it.
i have braces an can u still get them at rite ade?
how did i get from watching scary things to this?
so if you dont use it for a month but still brush regularly would your teeth become yellow again
how do u do the bottom teeth the same way
How long will it take to see a difference?
Dose it just whitened the top part of your teeth???? What about the bottom
What about the bottom teeth?🤔
Does one's lower teeth get whitened too by just having a tray on your upper teeth?..
How fast do you see results?
what about the bottom teeth? would you apply the gel to them as well?
if i just get the tube do i have to use a rinse?
wont that burn your mouth?
Do you have to use new mouth guard every time?
why tf is her camera always out of focus
what you should do after you do all of these treatment as your teeth be sensitive can you tell us about that also
What about the lower jaw?
and how about the bottom teeth??? I guess we need 2 of thos trays, right?
What about the bottom teeth?
God damn it, how did I get here from a nostalgia critic video?
hi everyone ,if anyone else  trying to find out how to get whiter teeth naturally try Ichordo Natural Teeth  Fixer ( search on google ) ? Ive heard some unbelievable things about it and my m8 got cool success with it.
1:52 what's that brown thing
Does this work?
Can i Also use the whitening gel only?
+Kandee Johnson Thanks for this very informative video. I don't know if you still post or reply to comments but I was wondering if I could use my retainer instead of a gum shield? or is there a specific reason a gum shield works? If anyone else can answer that would be really appreciated too :)
Few layers thick aluminium foil instead of mouth guard?
how do I use it with Invisalign and how about the bottom teeth?
Can it fit on to the bottom
Will this get rid of plaque?
what about ur bottom teeth?
whats it called?
How many times do you have to do this, and for how long each time, if your teeth are really stained yellow? I've just done this once for 15 mins and my teeth haven't changed colour at all. However, I don't have the rinse. What is the rinse anyway? I might be able to buy some (or an equivalent) from my local pharmacy. Thanks.
Can kids do this? Is it healthy for kids?
If you guys are wondering were all that stuff is Go to the tooth brush section for the gel and to the sports area for mouth gaurds
how old is she? she is very beautiful.
What about your bottom teeth?
can you recommend a whitening gel that you can buy in the UK?
do you guys think my teeth going to be whiten right away?
what about the bottom teeth? can you use a gum shield on the bottoms?
Did u get that cup from the Madonna Inn????
Could I just use my retainers?
Is there any way to get all the needed things in Germany?
What if you have braces....
Can you use your retainers instead??
wats the name mam?
Can someone out there make my dream came true? All my life dream to have a beautiful and white smile, any celebrity would do anonymity?, giving without knowing for who?
What about the bottom part? :3 it's sooo awesome and cheap, I'm going to try this out, absolutely :3
what about the bottom row of your teeth
Do you use 2 different mouth guards? One for the top, and one for the bottom?
hey ,if anyone else  is searching for bright white teeth try Ichordo Natural Teeth  Fixer (just google it ) ? Ive heard some interesting things about it and my buddy got cool results with it.
hey ,if anyone else  wants to uncover how can you make your teeth white try Ichordo Natural Teeth  Fixer ( search on google ) ? Ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my mate got excellent results with it.
What if the tooth has filling on top?
Can i use this product and still use coffee? ive been using this product for 3 days and dont wanna risk browning my teeth further.
I have two crowns in the front, I know you said it won't whiten them but will it hurt them? thanks (:
after brushing and flossing, if you bleed, can you still do the teeth whitening process?
Anyone know how long you have to repeat this procedure for to get pretty recognizable results?
Can I use this method without the mouth guard?
This is a weird question but can I use my retainer? Or would it damage the retainer?
What can you use if you are in Australia?? We don't have Walmart
What do you do for the bottom teeth?
Do you rinse off after ??? And do you brush your teeth before or after?
what's the brand?
Could you use a retainer, or would it just disintegrate it??
did you whiten your teeth at the dentist prior to using this product?
what if you aren't american? any english brands anybody knows of that are the same?
Do they sell the product at any other stores?
I used it and it actually didn't work for me? I even think that my teeth are more yellow. Am I doing something wrong?
This might be a studid question but i have a retainer.. can i put the gel on retainer? will it damage my retainer any way?
Is there an age limit and if there is then why? And what is it lol ly and ur videos xx
i dont get it..why not just boil the water? why microwave water 😒
do you need to use the rinse ?
What section of Wal-Mart are the mouth guards sold in?  I went to the dental aisle but it wasn't there.
Do I need a guard for the bottom too?
What about the bottom teeth?
how do you get whiter teeth when you have braces
what was the product called? (the teeth whitening one) and how much was it?
does this really work ?? Anyone?
Can you do this with braces?
i love this ! i was actually wondering if you can do this on braces 😏
question, after how long will I see results?
I use this both part of my teeth (So up and down too?). I need  2 pieces of mouth guard?
instead of melting a mouth guard, can you use a retainer?
OMG so many adds!Bots,possibly?
How would you do this to the bottom teeth?
Do you do this every day?
What will happen if you do this method with sensitive teeth ???
How fast does this work? someone help? like if I do this will I notice results right away?  also for sensitive  teeth will it hurt or damage enamel?
Hi! About The mouth guard. When It melts Isnt It dsngerous to put It on Your teeth? Could The plástic like react with The teeth? Just asking 😁. I Wanna try This!! Looks good! :)
what did your teeth look like begore because it looks as if you already had white teeth molars etc
Who df does this stuff and my question is does it harm you in the long run...
I used to smoke for 20 years..I wonder if this will help my teeth.
what about bottom teeth?
hi!I want to know where do you buy that whitening..
great video . thank you.  I would love to know what kind of camera you use ?
Nice informal video! what can I use over the counter for a badly stainless bridge? I can't afford to have my temporary bridge replaced and I'm tired of the three Brown coffee stain front teeth
I have 2 golds on top on the side will this affect them?
Can u do this with a real retainer ?
Can't you just brush your teeth and use mouth whitening washing liquid stuff?
Does anyone know if this is a bad way of whitening for extremely sensitive teeth?
What other store could I buy this because I have no Walmart in nyc ?
Should men use this trick?
Where is that head board from??!
Is this bad for ur teeth? Like does it strip the enamel?
Can kids use this stuff too? Can you please reply
Can someone help me? I've been doing this for a few months now and I just notice this lightens my teeth (I have yellow teeth so I've been leaving it in for 15-20 min and I do it every few days) but it goes back to being my yellow teeth. What am I doing wrong??
Does anyone have a link to buy this in the UK?
Will it work for gaps??
What about the bottom set of teeth Kandee, do you use the same guard as the top?
Do you have any suggestions or tips for people with crowns and such?? I have them, and hate the color of my teeth all I want are pearly whites:-(
can I reuse the mouth guards?
im 11 years and I don't know if I can use that ?😯 pls answer .
i wanna buy this but i dont know if this can damage my teeth,i dont wanna miss my teeth lol
Soo.. Can you use the mouth guard for your bottom teeth too?
would that make your teeth more sensitive ????
does it make a difference?!!!
how much does it cost???
So... I could just use a retainer?
has anyone tried this? anyone had sensitivity after? thanks!
Why is no one talking about her gorgeous eyes!? I'm so hypnotized by them 😍. Oh wait...bc this day in age you have to have cold blue eyes to be considered "pretty eyes"
Is the mouth guard reusable or should we always use a new one?
can you use.. retainers from the orthodontic that all ready fit you teeth..? xx
Does this work????
Is there anything like this u can get in the UK?
Any alternative suggestions for these products for us guys in the UK?
Hi Kandee! I assume you do the same for the bottom teeth right?
The mouth wash could be of any kind? Great video thanks!!
what is the things needed
Will this product work if I have a bonding wire on my bottom teeth post braces??
Can kids do this?
Hi! I was wondering i admire your straight teeth :) did you ever wear braces? I have worn braces many years ago, but now i seemed to have a small gap between my front teeth, which i dislike. Is there any way in closing a front gap without having to wear braces all over again? Thank you and i liked this video it was helpful too!
how do you whiten your bottom teeth
wat happens if u use it on a crown
Your method of teeth whitening sounds so amazing! But I have a question, can this harm your teeth? Like, does it scrape of your enamel?
can you use the same mouth guard over and over and over?
1- Can you keep the mouth guard every time you whiten your teeth? 2- Is it bad for you if you swallow it? 3- Does it taste bad?
You mentioned to just wait till you're out of brasses, does that go the same for Invisalign?
What can you do for the bottom teeth
can you put the gel inside the mouth guard instead ?
Can I do it everyday? Or every other day?
Is this ok for sensitive teeth
I was wondering if this will leave white spots!!!??? Help👇👇👇👇
Does this burn e.g when if it gets onto your gums?
What about the bottom teeth?
Hi kadee, which site can I get d whitening tools or where can I buy it in nigeria
What about your bottom row teeth??
Question: do you need to buy two mouth guards for the top AND bottom teeth? Just wondering XD Thx
Can you reuse the mouth piece mire than once?  Also how often and how long would I need to do this?  😊
will it mess up my enamel? i dnt want sensitve teeth!
What's the actual products you use?
What about the bottom row?
Do u ever do this to ur bottom teeth?
Do you have to use a mouth guard?
What about the bottom
Can i also use the mouth guard on my bottom teeth ? Thanks
Is it still in walmart and nice teeth
can you do the same for bottom teeth?
Do you keep both top and bottom mouthguards on at the same time?
Does anyone know where to get the cheap  mouth guard? I tried walmart but no luck.
Do you still stand by this hun, even 2 years on? as I'm about to buy some.
what do you do for the bottom of your teeth?!
What about for the bottom teeth???? Plz help
Does this help with people with braces like me?
Does this work for weak enamel ?
Does this legit work? I don't want to damage my teeth!
Kandee... what would you recommend for the bottom teeth? I've been using this for the uppers and its awesome, but my lowers arent white. Thanks!! Love you and your videos!! <3
Does anyone have a link to the .97 cent mouth guards? I can't seem to find it.
I live and Sydney and we have no walmart... does anyone know what I can replace the product she used with
How do I whiten the bottom teeth?
I just used the plus white system for the first time, but I don't really see a difference. Can someone please tell me how long it took for them to see results? I'm not going to continue using this, if it doesn't work. Seeing as it's not that good for your gums and such.. Thanks in advance!
Are you still using this teeth whitening system? Before I go buy it want to know if you changed the way you do it. Love love your videos. Thanks
If using it for the first time and I have yellow teeth how often do I use it..Everyday? for how long?
I have braces and I'm getting them of in a month. I want to whiten them and I want to try your way. I was wondering if the mouth Guard will work on your bottom teeth. Like if I get two mouth guards will it have the same results on my bottom teeth? Btw love the vid❤️👌🏻
One of my front teeth has a filling in it, which you don't see since it's the same colour of my teeth. Can I use this to whiten them? I'm afraid it's gonna damage the filling and it's gonna fall out ..
Anyone know if you can get this in Ireland 🍀💞
How old do you have to be to use this product? x3
What kind of gel/tube did you use/what's ithe name of the product? I live in the Netherlands so we don't have a wallmart kind of store
How do you whiten the bottom?
may be a dumb question, but i have Invisaligns, would they get damaged if i used them instead of the mouth guards?
What is the name of the whitening kit called
I feel like all of the tooth whitening gel seeps out as soon as put the tray in my mouth. Am I doing something wrong?
Hi, can you tell me please the brand of the products you are using? I cant see them in the video. Or what is the kit name. Thanks.
What about the bottom set of teeth?
Today is my second day using this product. But i started to notice that the bottom half of my teeth has white stains and the top is yellow :( i looks really bad. Did this happen to you? If i keep using it will it go away? HELP!
Now can u do the same process for the bottom or is there a different process
Your so cute but did anyone try this and did it work?
What about your bottom teeth?
How do y p u whiten the bottoms?? Is it the same way with another mouth guard ?
Sounds and looks great in the video but is it any harmful to your teeth? Will they become sensitive or will the enamel become weak?
***** Hey, I've used this twice for 20mins each time and my gums are killing! One side of my lip also started swelling up and hasn't gone down yet. Has this happened to you at all?
Anyone else's lip swell up when using this? I've got like a blister
How long does it take for you to start seeing results? I've been doing this for a few days now and I haven't really seen a change.
What is the product called?
What if I don't have the mouth guard??
certain tooth whitening brand in korea use this video for their own fb page advertising.. is this happening under your permission?
Will this intensify the sensitivity of your teeth? I already have pretty sensitive teeth and am always apprehensive to do a whitening system. I just really want to have extra white teeth for my first prom in about a month. Please answer asap. Thanks kandee!! Love your videos.
Quick qestion; can you buy two mouth guards, one for the top and on for the bottom? Or does the mouth guard only work for the top? Thanks :)
What if we don't use the rinse?? Any alternatives? Is it really necessary?
And every video doesn't say if it's for kids,or not
Is this for kids? I'm 9 years old and my teeth is yellow and I don't have a lot of money please make a video for whitening teeth for kids please?!
i went to all walmarts near me but couldnt find it.. i think its only available in the united states?
How much is the gel? Help?
Hey kandee I have a question. I have very thin teeth with little enamel and was wondering if this whitening gel is safe? Thanks.
Is the Natural White 5 Minute Whitening System as effective as the Plus White 5 Minute Whitening System?
Can i just put the gel in the tray before putting it in my mouth?
How many treatments can you squeeze out of 1 tube of gel?
I couldn't find any mouth trays at my Walmart, Where else cold I find it?
Do u know how to make the solution at home?
Can we just reuse the mouth guards??
What about the bottom teeth?
What about the bottom row... Football mouthguards don't really form to your bottom teeth...
Instead of making a teeth tray, could i use retainers from where i've had braces?
can you buy it online?
umm do they still sell it?
does the retainer stay and work so it can whiten?
Kandee, I had a question. Do you use a different mouth guard every time you use the whitener or do you use the same one?
Is this for kids?
How many day's does it take to see results?
What happens if u have really crooked teeth but can't get braces
What do you do about the bottom row?
Is this how MMA fighters whiten their teeth?
can you tell me please the brand name of the mouth guard ? I like how you can shape it as ur teeth. I used to use the blue one which comes with it, which I hate it .
I really want to try this but my bottom teeth aren't straight? Would I be able to still do this or wait?
Do the trays work for bottom teeth? Or are they only made to mold to the top teeth?
Can u just u whitening toothpaste?
What about the bottom teeth? 😁
I not really sure about the standard being five minutes. From what I hear it takes fifteen for carmbite gel to break down into hydrogen. Five minutes is not long enough for carmbite peroxide to break down.
What about the bottom teeth?
how long does it take for yellow teeth to become white with this?
Is it good for braces
What if you have cavities?
How would you do the bottom ones
What do you do if you don't have the mouth wash
does this tooth whitening ruin the enamel on your teeth?
A truck driver? Kind of creepy
How mutch did you get for this commercial?
What about the bottom teeth?
How can you do the bottom?
I have permanent retainers, can i still use this method ?
Hey , erm great tortorial it really worked for me thanks and btw I just wanted to know as u post stuff on youtube  how do u post tortorials and get money for it . Coz Im saving up for my own laptop and I thought I could makensome tortorials  and use the money for my laptop :) Xxx
What about bottom teeth?
How do you whiten your bottom teeth??
What lipstick are you wearing??
But that doesn't hurt or kind of destroyes your enamel ?  I heard that the whitening destroys the enamel ... sooo ?
Is this not bad for the teeth tho?
Is this good for a substitute for invisalign too??
I might use the mouth piece to see if it'll straighten my teeth xD
I have my top front tooth bonded, will this come off when i use the mouth guard? I hope not, wanted to ask first before trying this, thanks so much I love your video's..and your beauty, personality .etc....I love it ...
What about the bottom teeth?
Does anyone really know where this product is made.... ?
Can you tell me what color lipstick you are wearing, and lipliner if you are using it..thanks!
Could you be ANY SWEETER??????!!!!!! <3 <3 <3
BUT HOW ABOUT IF I DONT HAVE A MOUTH GUARD? Do I just keep my mouth open or can I close my mouth?
Should I use my retainers? (that are like mouth guard)
Can you use a black mouth guard?
Do you do the same to the bottom teeth?
Super CUTE lip stick, Kandee !! What is it?  Thanks and love you to bits!!!
I'm in the UK so would I still be able to get the whitening kit?
where did you get that awesome goblet?! ive been looking for one(or more) everywhere
I think I'm just going to get the tube of the whitening gel, but if I just get the tube what do I rinse with? water? Mouthwash?
I think I'm just going to get the tube of the whitening gel, but if I just get the tube what do I rinse with? water? Mouthwash?
Is this safe for fillings??
How do you whiten your bottom teeth?
What was that whitening product called??
Don't they make moldable teeth trays u can buy?? I've seen them at the strore.
How long does it take to see results? My teeth are really yellow and I've been using this product for a week but I don't see a difference.
this is so cheap im wondering if it actually works or if you just have naturally white teeth because you take care of them brushing after food and teas etc :(...maybe you can find a friend with yellow teeth and try this lol so that i can see if it actually does work because your teeth were already white so i cant see a difference :(
Do you reuse the mouth guard over and over again?
Hey.. Umm can i use your teqnique with the blue mouth tray?
What kind of toothpaste is that, that she uses?? I can only see part of it but Ive never seen anything like it!
what section in walmart do they sell the tooth guard?
when will you see the results?
lip colour pleasee? 😍
Can you put the directly into the tray??
Do you do it everyday or every other day
It took forever to mold it to my teeth lol. But I made it through the 20 minutes, I didn't see a huge difference but it isn't supposed to work within' just one use right? :) did you use it twice a day the first time you started using it? ☺️
Can you reuse the same mouth guard or throw it out after?
What if my teeth are already sensitive can i still do this teeth whiting
can I re-shape the same tray for my bottom teeth?
How many times can you use the same mouth guard, or can you only use it once?! Pleeeeaaasse answer!!!!!!!
Is there any other store I could get these items at?
Can you do this of you had barces and have a little piece of steel behind your front teeth?
Kandee will it whiten my teeth I had to take tetracycline as a child and it has stained my teeth bad I have tried everything .
Do you re-use the trays or buy new ones every time?
How do u do ur bottom teeth?
I wonder how does this compete to Easy whitening's 30% gel.  Plus white 5 is like 0.1%.
That 5 minute whitening crap burned the shit out of my teeth did anybody else have that problem? I had to stop using it, it hurt pretty bad.
What about the bottom set of teeth ?
How do I whiten my bottom row of teeth?
How old are you?
I tried finding the mouth guard but couldn't, which area in Walmart is it in?
What toothpaste does she use?
Going to try it next month hopefully if my mom can afford it I'll ask and see if I can get it as a early birthday present cuz' my b-day is next month on the 21 and I've been wanting to whiten my teeth for a long time now.
If you just buy the tube of gel (that's what I did) does it work better to use just the gel or should i use some sort of rinser too ?
Does it really work?
I have a question how long does it take to get your teeth white is you only have light yellowness on your teeth. ( like how many days)
Does it make your teeth feel super sensitive
It rips your enamel off right? Do you have a trick to whiten without taking off your enamel?
will this not work if you have some what crooked teeth?
How much does the teeth whitner cost?
Anyone knows whats that lipcolor on Kandees beautyfull mouth?
What about your lower teeth?
Can I still use this system if I have cavities filled in?
Can i use this as a retainer?
Do you whiten your bottom teeth?
Kandee does it matter how old you are? because im 10 and i wanted to ask you before i try to be on the safe side!
Is that you daughter or niece of sibling cause all I can see is ADORABLE!!!!!🙉🙈
How do i whiten the bottom row of my teeth ?
What about the bottom teeth? Should you buy a second mouthguard?
GREAT tutorial, thank you!  One question tho:  Can I use this every day at first, and if so, for how long should I leave the trays in?
What about for the bottom teeth??
Did she played a role in The Carrie Diaries ? I think her name was Samantha
is it truth that some teeth cant get really really white no matter how many times you whiten it?
What about your bottom teeth?
How old do you have to be to do this
Hi Kandee! I just ordered this kit from the USA to Hungary. :) My questions is how long will this kit last? For two weaks maybe? Thx!
How about bottom teeth?
What about the bottom teeth?
Doesn't that burn your gums?!! ps have you had braces? Very pretty teeth!
What about teeth amino? Wouldn't it weaken the the amino.  What are the side affect?
Hey Kandee I have an emergency private question can you pls srnd me a msg. Idk how to msg you but pleaseeeee.
Is this stuff safe i.e. FDA approved or something?
What about the bottom teeth?
Is it ok if I use a colored mouth guard at my walmart all they sell is red black and yellow
I have crooked teeth would this still work for me?
isnt it bugging anyone else that 90% of the video, she's blurred? wud have helped if she had focused the camera
What about the bottom roll?
What about the bottom teeth? Do you need to use another mouth guard?
how about for the bottom teeth ?
How long does tht tube last you??  :D thx, great great tips
hey kandee would this do any damage to ur enamel?
How do we do our bottom teeth?
Is there a British equivalent to that whitening kit?
Kandee Johnson  what about the bottom teeth.. lol
Do you whiten the top And bottom separately? Or use both trays at the same time
Hi Kandee, thank you so much for this video! Can you tell me what color lipstick and eyshadow you are wearing in this video?
The under teeth! How do you whitening those?
I got retainers after i got my braces offand inwear them every night, could i use those instead of the guards, i mean obviously ill clean them after, but could i? Better fit of my teeth anyway
Is this ok for younger teens?
hi Kandee , after watching video, went out and purchased kit and mouthguard.. i was just wondering if you know whether the mouthguard releases a good dose of BPA into ya when you heat it up like that and then put it into your mouth...??????.... ive no clue but since you were a ortho assistant in a previous time... do you know ? :)  thanks for video .. saved me $$
What about the bottom? Same thing?
Why can't I try it with braces?
Can we use the mouth guard more than once?  And for our bottom teeth we get a separate one and do the same thing?  By the way I really like this video (:
How often can this routine be done?
How do you whiten the bottom ?
Hello sweetie I live ur videos ur awesome.  Thank u for all ur tipsy also I have a question.  Do I need to buy another mouth guard to whiten my bottom teeth??
Hello sweetie I live ur videos ur awesome.  Thank u for all ur tipsy also I have a question.  Do I need to buy another mouth guard to whiten my bottom teeth??
Hey, I love your video. Just wondering if you know of any UK products that work similar to this one? Thanks.
Ho Kandee,  I have been using it for 14 days in a row now but I still don't quite get the result I wanted, so my question is how long do I have to wait to start doing the 14 days routine again? Thank you
How do you whiten the bottom teeth?
I have sensitive teeth so not sure I can do this.
But the whitening tray is only for the upper teeth only?
What beauty school did you go to? o:
I have sensitive teeth and I would like to whiten my teeth. Is there a way to keep your enamel healthy and whiten your teeth for sensitive teeth?
Can Kandee what if I have naturally yellowish teeth but they are not that yellow. I guess I got them by not drinking enough milk when my teeth were growing.
Could u do it on ur bottom teeth
can i use my retainer to act as the mouth guard? Or would that damage my retainer
can I use my plastic retainers?
How about the bottom teeth ?
Could you boil water over the stove as well?
What about the bottem kandee?? Ps love you and i have been watching you since 2009, lol i find it weird because im only 13!!!
What about the bottom?
what can use for the bottom teeth..
Do we do the same process for the bottom teeth ?
which mouth gaurd did you get? i found the brand but did you get the youth one or the adult? and what one do you use on the bottom??? D=
is this safe for teens?
Do you do the same for the bottom??? I actually am gonna use it soon and was wondering
I'll be trying this for sure! The only thing I'm wondering about is my bottom teeth. Do you do the same exact process for the bottom too??
Are you suppose to use the same mouth guard every time?
How do you whiten the BOTTOM teeth????
how about below teeth?
What products can i use in germany?
And do you do the same for the bottom teeth?
Thanks so much this is very helpful!! But what about the botton teeths?
Do you do the same thing for the bottom teeth?
If we have retainers can we justs put it in them?
In what section would the mouth guards be in? Just the regular sports area?
Do you buy a new mouth gaurd everytime?
HI Kadee...i just watch your vid..its looks/souds unbelievable...wow..if this really works ..people pay wayyyy to much all these years...i dont live in the us...but iam giong to aks my friend whos lives there to buy it for me...can u please tell me what brand the mouth guard is?? thanks soo muchXX
Could you do it for the bottom teeth as well?
I have always been wanting to whiten my teeth at cheap cost. I might try this!  @Kandee Johnson  You forgot to mention some things in your video!  After the 5 to 15 mins depending on your teeth do you recommend using the mouth wash that came with the gel or can you use any mouth wash maybe just even water to rinse off the gel?  What does the mouth wash product help with on the teeth?
What lipstick are you wearing in this video?!
What mouth guards are you guys using? The ones she showed in this video aren't available anymore
Helpful love it even though I'm to young to get that I'll ask
Kandee do you find that your enamel has started thinning from whitening? Like you I'm addicted to having white teeth! I use pro enamel tooth paste most of the time but the bottom of my teeth are looking kinda…thin :(
do u only use this to whiten ur teeth or have u had a dentist whiten them as well? jw cause id love to have perfect white teeth like urs! :)
Could u please do a celebrity make up if ellen degeneres
what about the bottom row of your teeth?
what is the kit called?
Would you have any idea what to buy in UK to whiten my teeth xx
But what about the bottom row hun
Do it work for braces
How long do each mouth guard/whitening tray last?
What is the name of the song ha ha ha ha XD
I love watching your videos!! but how would you whiten the bottom teeth?
Hi Kandee! I have braces and I was wondering if you have any tips to keep your teeth white you have braces?
Hi Kandee... I thought the rinse was suppose to be used before the gel.  Isn't it used to help remove debris from the teeth..??
Is there a certain way you whiten your bottom teeth? I'm just curious, maybe it's already been made obvious
How about the lower teeth?!
Which asile was the mouth guard? Lol I looked everywhere for it :/
What about the bottom teeth? How do you do them?
but what about your bottom teeth?
is it okay to use that kind of mouth guard to use for whitening your teeth because the mouth guard is made of plastic and i'm just trying to be cautious!
How bout braces
How long does it take before you see results?
Can you please make a video on how you do your bottom teeth?
What about the bottom teeth? Buy a separate try for that?
and the bottom teeth?  Do you use a mouth guard for that too?
Wait what about the bottom? Do I buy a separate mouth guard for the bottom and repeat the same process?
What toothpaste do you use?
How do you do your bottom teeth?!
How do you do your bottom teeth?
What about the bottom teeth?
Is the rinse necessary? :)
How did you get a job to be a makeup artist .. I wanna be that but I dont know what you need or what collage course you need to do to become that  HELP PLEASE ?
What happens if you swallow alot of it? I didn't but I just think it would be nice to know :)
What about the bottom?
What about your bottom teeth?
does this really work?
Love your lipstick color! What's it called?
You only show how to whiten the top teeth. Does it work to do the same thing for your bottom teeth?
Does this work with braces?
I used to have braces so now I have a metal wire retainer thing on the back of my bottom teeth that I think might be permanent.. Can I still do this?
What age can you do it?  Cuz im 12 and I wanna do this
Why did you delete your other teeth whitening video??
kandee, I love your videos and everything, but I'm a bit confused. You said you've used that since you were a teenager, but I saw a video that you did a few years ago about another one, were u advertising this whiting pack? Just curious.
Does it work if you dont have straight teeth?
Can you do this if you have crooked teeth??
If you had braces and still wear those clear plastic retainers can you just use those instead of buying a mouth guard?
does anyone know a system for braces? i get made fun of because my teeth are really yellow and crooked but i have braces now and i dont know how to whiten them now :(
Did you use this while pregnant too? Thanks!
Can I just use my retainer as a tray or do you recommend I use the mouth tray instead?
Why can't you use it if you have tooth sensitivity?
How long to the trays last? Should you make new ones after a while?
U r so pretty :)) can i use it if i have a retainer on the back of my teeth?
Safe with dental work? Like fillings? And how about bottom teeth? Whiten those with a different tray?
Can I also use a retainer that already fits my teeth as a tray, or is it better if I melt the mouthguard?
Does this affect your teeth? Like...the gum or...whatever? Is it healthy? Thanks! C:
HI KANDEE. I HAD A QUESTION . IF I HAVE CALCIUM DEPOSITS IN MY TEETH , YOU KNOW LIKE THE WHITE SPOTS WILL THE WHITEING HELP OR HELP TO LIGHTEN AROUND THE DEPOSITS AND HOPEFULLY MAKE DEPOSITS LESS NOTICEABLE?
How long it takes to start seeing the results? I don't have really yellow teeth, but for me it looks like is doinh nothing, and i started leaving the gel on mu teeth for longer than 5 min.(10min)lol
Is this safe to use during pregnancy??
Do you do a tray for the bottom as well? I don't know if you mentioned it in your video or not... Thank for the tip tho!
Do you think they'll have this in other stores besides Walmart?
can i do this with a filling ? in my moller type place
Hey kandee is it the youth clear or adult clear please answer ASAP can't wait to try it
What about the bottom teeth? Wouldn't they be yellower than the top teeth since they aren't getting whitened?
What brand of toothpaste is that?
Does is damage the teeth?
Wait kandee , what about down part of teeth? Is it only able for upper teeth? *sigh*
Can you do the same procedure for the your bottom teeth?
can you do the same thing for your bottom row of teeth with the tray & everything?
Talking about smiling, could you please do a video about how to treat and hide your under eye wrinkles? few tips: not too much powder?
Do you have to use the trays?
does it make your teeth more sensitive?
Have u ever tried using the sensitive formula? ive used it like 20times for 20mins and my teeth are still ivory naturel.... like mildly yellowish, with absolutely no change. I bought the sensitive version off ebay... do u think its expired or the sensitive version is just ineffective?
Why? Just why are you so awesome?! :D
how do you do the bottom teeth? with another guard or do you just put the whitner on them
Where can i order it? I live in europe
I'm gonna try this. Hope it works ;)  Will I see results same day I do the "homemade" treatment or does it take days/weeks for it to work?
did you delete the video where you used the whitening lightning?
Since you use the mouth for the top what do you do to your bottom teeth?? I have the plus white stuff but I don't want my teeth top be two different colors.  Could you also do it without the mouth guard??
could you do it like every day? or at least 4 or 5 times a week?
Can you use it if your top 2 teath are crossed
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE ANSWER!!!!! Do you use a second mouthguard for the bottom teeth? or how do you whiten those??? LOVE THIS VIDEO THOUGH THANK YOU:) I want to try this out but i want to whiten my bottoms too:)  PLEASE LET ME KNOW:)
What polish are you wearing? I need a good white polish
Kandee, how often should  you do this until you see results? Is it almost immediate? My teeth aren't super yellow but could use some tlc. :) Thanks in advance!
What toothpaste is that ?:)
Do you get a second mouth guard for the bottom teeth?
Have u ever tried using the sensitive formula? ive used it like 20times for 20mins and my teeth are still ivory naturel.... like mildly yellowish, with absolutely no change. I bought the sensitive version off ebay... do u think its expired or the sensitive version is just ineffective?
What about the bottom teeth?
Kandee, i need ur help-i love ur headboard and was wondering if u made it urself? If so, could u please do a tutorial on it? I JUST don't know where to begin to make it myself and any info u could provide would be greatly appreciated! Thank u so much in advance. Love & hugs to u & urs. michelle
What lipstick(s) are you wearing here?  Thx!
Can i use my retainer instead?
How do you do the bottom row of teeth?
Do you know if it's true that old teeth whitening products lose their affectiveness after a certain period of time?
Kandee, I have a question. I heard the new formula of plus white doesnt work compared to the original formula. I bought the new formula before I read the reviews. Do you agree that the new formula doesn't work at all? (The one you have in the vid is the one I got)
What happened to the lightning whitening video?
Hi Kandee! How do you do the bottom?
What happened to your dial a smile video???!??!
can you do this on your bottom teeth too??
do you prefer this or the whitening lightening kit??
But what happened if you have REALLY sensitive teeth? Does it bother your teeth at all?
Oh nvm lol I literally asked that right before you said the thing about braces xD fail
What if your have braces??
Does the mouthguard have to be clear or can it be the colored ones?
How do you do your bottom teeth?
What about the bottom teeth? Do the mouth guards work flipped upside down???
Hi kandee loved this tutorial! Question, can I re-use the tray? If so, up to how many times? Thanks in advance♡
Kandee - how do you ue this to get your lower teeth bleached/lightend?
Hey Kandee, I wanted to know if the mouth guard is either youth sized or adult sized. Thank you!
That mug is absolutely adorable! Where'd you get it?
What about my bottom teeth??
@kandeejohnson Can you use the mouthguard agian? Or just once?  Hugs ly xxx
Can you reuse the mouth guard or should you replace it everytime? Also how long does the one tube usually last?
Wonder if you can order these things on amazon? :)
i couldn't find your dial a smile teeth whitening video what happened ? and you still use it? do you still like it? btw you have the most perfect smile love you xoxo
If I only have the gel, can I use mouth wash to rinse or just regular water?
What's this classical song called?:)
Anyone from australia know what whitening brand we could use instead of the one here?
What about the bottom teeth ?
OK I have a ? for ya? How do you make your face to have that porcelaine look after you have on your moisturizer, foundation, and used concealer. Then to seal it with powder. I did leave out to use the bronzer and blush before the powder. I've used a conceler buffing brush and that pink spung, sorry I can't think of the name of it lol, to apply it. I just feel that I don't have that beautiful smoothness look that I see in all your video's. Could you help me find out the way or method that I missed? Thank you the bumpy face girl! JK   ;-)
I LOVE that green cup, where is it from?
what about the bottom teeth ?
All of the people asking about the bottom teeth... are you serious????? I don't want to be mean in any way, but c'mon! It's the same process! You spend 97 cents for another tray and do the same thing. Why is that so hard to figure out? SMH.
Do you have to use the rinse?
Can you also do this for your bottow row too?
How would you do the bottom teeth ? ;o would you just make another tray but for the bottom teeth ?
Where did your Whitening Lightening one go?
will it work if i use my plastic retainer too? :)
What?? why do people say her voice is annoying?? It's the sweetest voice and it always make me happy listening to her! Besides, her singing voice is amazing!
Could you use this for your bottom teeth?
Could you cue this for your bottom teeth?
Could you still use the same each time
How quick are the results? :)
What if you want to whiten your bottom teeth?
How do you do the bottoms?
What about the bottom teeth?
But what about the lower teeth ?
Wouldn't you need two mouth guards? Another for the lower teeth?
Kandee baby! Do you do the same thing for the bottom teeth???
What toothpaste is that?
Im so trying this thanx for this awesome video! By the way, should we buy two mouth guards? So we can do the bottom teeth as well, right? Lol just want to make  sure. love ur videos!
I got antibiotics as a kid which werent meant for kids and are taken off the market years ago. They made my adultteeth really yellow and brown on the inside. Have u ever heard of this? Nothing works for me..  Btw im from europe is there a similar product here i could try?
I got antibiotics as a kid which werent meant for kids and are taken off the market years ago. They made my adultteeth really yellow and brown on the inside. Have u ever heard of this? Nothing works for me..  Btw im from europe is there a similar product here i could try?
Do you also create another mouth guard for bottom teeth?? @kandeejohnson
WhT about our below teeth?
A friend of mine used a tooth whitening thing at home and it made here teeth super sensitive? Are there difference formulas? Like do some have higher bleach content?
Does it matter which plus white system we use?  I found that there were several different gels from plus white online
Thanks for sharing!  It looks very good, but is there any side affect after using?
Thanks for this video! Can you tell me where u got that tufted pink head board from?
what about the bottom teeth?
How do you whiten the bottom teeth? I couldn't find a bottom guard when I went shopping.
Hi kandee! how do you recommend whitening the bottom teeth using this product? oh and by the way i love your videos! and congrats on hitting one million subscribers!
I'm most obsessed with your lipstick here! Does anyone know what it is? :)
What about the bottom teeth?
do the same for the bottom teeth ; im assuming ?
Hey Kandee! Once I've made the mold, can I use it over and over again? And also, do you just do the same thing for the bottom teeth? Thanks, love you!
Kandie, I love your uplifting videos tips- and I am your momma's age, how is she doing?
what about if you don't have a Walmart in your country??
What kind of toothpaste is that???!!!
What is your lipstick? it looks so good!
thank you so much this is just what I need...i never use any bright lipstick color because my teeth would look more yellow.. I HAVE A QUESTION: how do i whiten my lower teeth..do i make a another whitening tray fer them too?? I dont want one jaw whiter than the other!
Thanks for sharing....I love your headboard. Where did u get it?
IDK, if some truck driver drove past me while I was walking alone down the street, I might be more creeped out than anything lol jk.
Can you make a new video of applying false lashes?? The old one is with your old camera :/
do you have to make another teeth tray thing for the bottom part as well? o_O
Does it make your teeth sensitive??
Would this work for sensitive teeth?
Where did you get the kit?
What about for the bottom teeth tho? Same thing?
Kandee can you please do a tutorial on decorating Christmas Ornaments? It would be cool to see what you come up with because you are so creative.
quick question, is this technique better then the dial a smile kit?
Hey Kandee! I just absolutely love your hair! I'm planning on getting a pixie cut in December and I would love to get the cut that you did. So, I was wondering if you could make a video on what you told your stylist how to cut your hair, the way you style it, and the way you trim it. Or if you could comment back, that would be great! :)
Kandee,  Will this technique also whiten porcelain crowns?  My 2 front teeth are crowned (abusive EX husband knocked them out)....I'd love to whiten if I can!
Can you make a video on how to shape and fill in eyebrows especially light brows pleas and thanks
I love you Kandee! Your teeth are PERFECT! I was wondering how much the kit is and where I can get it! Thanks
do you get these in the uk? xx
I remember the first time you ade a video like this :) I tried it and it worked. Does this one make your teeth sensitive at all? My teeth get sensitive very easily :(
I have been thinking, when dentists whitens teeths they protect patiens gums. But when you do that at home you cant protect your gums. Isnt that dangerus
What were you wearing on your lips here kandee? Love the color!
Kandee, do you drink coffee or teas still after whitening?
where can i get those stuff in malaysia! need it badly for my yellow teeth...  sob sob
Kandee! Question :) Do you also get another tray and mold it to your bottom teeth? Or how do you do that part??
Candy what lipstick are you using here?? Looks so beautifullll xxx
Great vid I use that too, question do you know if that mouth guard would work for your bottom teeth, and congrats on your 1million mark , I watched the vid on your site it was beautiful, you have such a big heart, love u honey:-)
Just wondering.. can this harm your teeth ?
Question! Can you use the permanent retainers that orthos give you after you get your braces off? Like the plastic molded ones? I don't want the chemicals to damage it! Thanks Kandee!
What about the bottom teeth do u need a second mouth guard
Would I be able to use the whitening kit/gel with my invisalign instead of using a mouthguard?
That's such a cute mug! Where's it from?
How do you do the bottom teeth? Make a second tray?
what about the bottom teeth?
how long do you think it will take for us to actually see a difference?
what's the brand of the mouth guard? I'm having trouble finding it.
My teeth tend to be very sensitive,  can  I still use that system?
Will this bother me if I have sensitive teeth?
Do I need the Plus White mouthwash? Or can I just use my own mouthwash? Trying not to buy the kit and just the tube itself! Thank you xoxo
I have a clear retainer just like to he mouth guard. Could I just use that instead? Of melting the mouth guard and stuff. Please reply I want to know before I go a but his this stuff   -thanks :)
What about the bottom row
I love ur nails can you do a video showing what you do and stuff like that plz
how many times a week should i do this process and how many uses are the mouth guards good for..please reply kandee i want to start whitening asap:)
Can you make one for your bottom teeth?
would this be safe to use with your own retainer? I might have to get a tooth implant so I want to whiten my teeth before just in case. And will this make my teeth more sensitive over time? I just want healthy pearly whites :/
I LOVE YOU & your videos. I watch all the time. I have a question though. Do you use the same mouth guard to do the bottom and mold your bottom when your doing the top? It looked like you only did the top?
It wont mess up a porcelain cap?
throw do u do the bottom?? Please answer
And what about my bottom teeth? Help? ! :0
Would this hurt on sensitive teeth?
How long does it take for your teeth to get white
How much is the gel ??
does this work with braces also?
how well is this stuff for very sensitive teeth?
Does anyone know if I can do this without the mouthguard? Is it just sort of so it locks the gel in and I don't accidently lick it off? :P
Can you mold a mouth guard for your bottom teeth too?
Its it just me or is Kandee blurry most of the time?
Did you get your "goblet" at the Madonna Inn??
And if no then do u have to melt it everytime
Kandee do u have to replace the mouth guard every time u do this?
Hey girl does it make your teeth too sensitive??
Quick question Kandee: a have a cap on one of my teeth matched to my current okay buy not nicely white color...so should I leave things as is, or whiten? The cap is in the back of my mouth, so not super noticeable.
What is your lipstick?
didnt you do this video a couple of years ago, i remember going out and getting the stuff to try it but i dont remember you refitting the mold like that, maybe you didn't do that last time but its a really cool trick. def gonna try thanks:)
How do u do the bottom
What about your bottom teeth?
How old are you ?? :)
Has this product caused you to experience any tooth sensitivity?  I have used some other tooth whitening products (Crest Strips & a more intense whitening toothpaste) which have caused my already somewhat sensitive teeth to become sensitive to he point that it is incredibly uncomfortable.
Do you have any tips for thin hair Kandee? My hair is so thin and I feel like it just keeps shedding. It's so annoying.
Great tut :) Does this cause your teeth to be sensitive?
Hi, I live in France, how can I get this?
How often is this safe to use? Weekly, once a month?
How often is this safe to use? Weekly, once a month?
but i was wondering if after that you will able to drink coffee or tea ?
Do you re use the mouth guard? And if so how long till it needs to be charged
What about your bottom teeth?
What about the bottom teeth?
What happen to your Whitening Lighting video? I just bought it and went to re watch ur video and cant find it...
Love this! And why do you think your voice is annoying? Lol You have a lovely voice doll, don't let anyone tell you otherwise
Is there a UK equivalent? x
Kandee, do you know if there is any long term side effects to whitening your teeth regularly? I mean, are the any risks one should be aware of? Tks! Xoxo
i heard whitening too much can damage enamel, so kandee have u had any issues?
Isnt it so that if you have cavitys (not sure thats how to write it) you shouldnt use whitining?  Oh and for the commenting, some people have made they have disabled replies =/  Hugs from Lilli =)
Is this fine for sensitive teeth? I really want to try but my teeth is so sensitive! ;(
What about the bottom teeth?
Isn't it really bad for your teeth??
Kandee didn't you use Crest strips before? Ugh I wish we had cheap teeth whitening stuff like the USA
Can this work for the bottom row of.teeth?
Why did you do a video about crest products,if you knew this method before????
Is that rinse or ANY rinse needed AFTER that whitening gel???
Is it safe if you have a few cavities?
Does that not taste horrible????
How would you do bottom teeth?
What if you want your bottom teeth too?
Whered u get the wiitening thing??
U did this all ready .... Right?
What's your opinion on crest 3d whitening strips, toothepaste kandee?
How do you do the bottom teeth😬!!?
I have braces u think I can still use it like a tooth paste
Hi Kandee What lipstick are you wearing?
How about bottom teeth?
What about the bottom teeth Kandee?
Wat about the bottom teeth?
Hi can you help me please!? I have this little red bumps on my legs and my friends said that their called chicken skin and I really want to get rid of them
what is the rinse stuff afterwards and do i need it??
Hi Kandee, big smile from me for you ;-)  is it possible to order the whitening paste? I'm from Europe/nl and it's not allowed to be sold here. Love your vids, have a good one!
Hi Kandee! You responded to me earlier and it totally made my day!! Do you have a PO Box where fans can send you something? :) I can't find it anywhere on your blog!! Xoxo.
What was this lip color? It's like the most perfect nude ever!
Hi Kandee! Thanks so much for this video! Definetely going to try it! One question though, I have a retainer from when I got my braces off and its the little plastic tray kind that fit my teeth, is there any reason that wouldn't work (instead of getting the football mouth guard)?
Can you buy the kit in the uk?
What about your bottom teeth?
What about the bottom teeth?
Can you just re boil the guard and use it on your bottom teeth?
i neeeeed to know what lipstick you're wearing lol.
Will me a birthday video it's on Friday I'll be 13 YAY!!!
what about the bottom teeth?
I've tried this product before, but if I got any of the gel on my gums it would burn and turn it white for a little bit. Does that not happen to you? I noticed you got some of the gel on your gums.
Kandee can you do a review on the urban decay naked pallet 3??
what about the bottom teeth?
Do u drink coffee at all?
Does anyone know where to find this in Canada? I used to see it at walmart but haven't been able to find it there in quite some time.
I was using something similar - white perl, but it made my teeth weak. Kandee why no longer white strips? is it bad? Dont you recomend it?
Can you do this for the bottom layer too?
is the mouthguard the "youth" size?
Kandee what about Your bottom teeth?
So how do you whiten the bottom??
Kandee, what section of Wal-Mart is the mouth guard in ? I could not find at my Wal-Mart :( Thank You !!
hi miss kandeed can i use this methods eventhough i have braces?
Can I use any kind of rinse? Or does it have to be like the one you're using
What about the bottom teeth?
Hey kandee or anyone who can help me....to do your bottom teeth can you use the same method of not? Please help!
what about your bottom teeth?
Have you EVER had issues with sensitivity? Not wondering about the pdt but rather just trying to gauge for myself if maybe you just usually don't get sensitivity (or whether you do but this pdt is good for u) thank thanks thanks for sharing!! :D
I have soft spots on my teeth do you think I can use this even though I have that??
So what basically does the trick is putting the gel all over the teeth and the mouth guard over that and that'll make your teeth brighter + whiter?
does anyone know what other stores sell the whitening product?
what about your bottom teeth? D:
How about the bottom?
Can you get the plus white in Canada,  does anyone know?
can you use the mouth guard for the bottom teeth? You have a  Beautiful smile :)
Kandee, I have bonding on my front teeth. it's the same stuff they use to fill cavities. Can I use this on MY teeth? BIG HUGS! <3
Kandee, is this as good as the 3-D  white strips?? 😜
can you use your retainers (invisalign) instead of buying a mouth guard?
Can you use this with braces?
What does it taste like? I really hate minty things.
what about the bottom teeth?
How do you do the bottom??? Haha you forgot to show.... Everyone forgets. Awesome video by the way
How about the bottom teeth?
Hi! I have a question. What if you have a retainer that's just like Invisalign? Can I use that instead of a mouth guard?
I love you videos on how to  whiten your teeth  and can you please do videos using the toothpaste to whiten your teeth
Didn't you already upload this video a few years back?
Is it bad if the gel goes on your teeth's skin?
So Kandee, I had braces and got an acrylic cover over two teeth, can I still try this?!
Kandeee why is the focus of this video off throughout?! Your face is slightly blurred
Kandee do you whiten the bottom as well? If so, do you wear a bottom guard at the same time with the top guard? Or do you do them separately? Haha. The mouth guard looks a bit thicker on the bottom! Thanks for this tip Kandee :D your teeth are so gorgeous, and your smile always brightens my day :D
do you have a clicky jaw or tmj if you got it checked out?
Can you do this with the bottom row of your teeth too? Also can i just buy another mouth guard for the bottom?
I chipped my two front teeth and I have caps now, how can I whiten them?
Kandee!! Are you supposed to buy a new mouth guard every time you try this out?
How is this for sensitive teeth? My teeth are super sensitive and I've been wanting to do a whitening treatment but I'm afraid it'll hurt.
Should we do this once a day or can we do it twice a day?  Btw, I love you so much. You're so inspiring and you make me smile so much. You're a hero <3
How do u do the bottom teeth
how do you whiten your teeth on the bottom
Can you make a video on how you take care of your nails please??
Does it make you teeth sensitive/ cause any pain? I'm too nervous to whiten my teeth because I've heard so many bad stories
How long did it take to actually see results
Hi! What kind of whitening product was this exactly? Want to look if I can get the same stuff in Germany. :)
Did you have to ask your dentist before using this system!? I love it!
Should we not whiten our lower tewth?
Hi Kandee...thanks 4 doing this vid, can't wait to get to Walmart and give it a try. I just needed to ask you if you ever have any problems with sensitivity  during your whitening process?? I always have this terrible like feeling of like electric shock or something (hope u know what I'm talking about) that goes thru my teeth, but it would happen 2 me every time I've tried whitening my teeth. Well I've only actually tried the crest white strip and I had to give the box of strips 2 my sis because it hurt. So if u have experienced this sensitivity with other whitening treatments...do u also feel that sensation with this whitening product as well??? Thanks luv♡ . Sorry 4 writing so much.
You confuse me !! You do a lot of tutorial on whiten teeth treatment ? What is good one ? or you do it for money and don't care about your subscribers
What lip color were you wearing? (Or is it your natural lip color?) :D
what about teeth sensitivity? :) oh and why you stopped using crest strips?
Is it the same routine for the bottom row of teeth?
I professionally whitened my teeth when I had a bridge put in my mouth but the gel gave me terrible headaches. Have you ever had this happen to you?
I've been using this for years but only recently got the mouth guard.. I find it makes me drool and is so gross haha.. It's like I'm at the dentist. Is there any way to help this?
I have really sensitive teeth. Do you have any recommendations for people with sensitive teeth?
Kandee I brought this product a while ago since you have mentioned it in a previous video and it totally works wonders....and I agree the mouth piece that comes with it totally sucks!!! But I wonder if this is okay for me to do while pregnant?
How do you get the bottom of your teeth clean?
what about your bottom teeth?
thanks so much! but is this safe for enamel?
I'm from England, do you think they will sell the teeth whitening product in our Asda stores? xx
but... what about the bottom row? same process?
Can you reuse the mouth guard? Or is it just one use? Help please!
how about the bottom teeth? Same process?
Wow, your teeth look incredibly nice! I really want to try this, but I live in Norway. Do you know if its possible to order this online, if so where from? You are beautiful and an incredible big inspiration to me, Kandee!
Hey Kandee I love your videos!!! Question.. Does this work for sensitive teeth? If not can you do one for sensitive teeth?
Thank you for the tips Kandee! Do you use the same product on your bottom teeth and if so how?
what about bottom teeth?
I love ur short hair. Dont grow it out! Lol u look great both way but I love the short. Hey so what do u like better? The teeth whitening pens u had on the other video or this?
Hi Kandee! You might have answered this already but do you need a new mouth guard for every time you whiten? And if not, how often is a new one needed?
do you do the same for the bottom teeth?
I have not-so-white teeth, but I worry that products like this could weaken my enamel and/or make my teeth sensitive. Have you had any problems like that?
hello kandee can i bay it on ebay ?  i'm form france and i can't find it here... love you ! <3
If I have a cavity and whiten my teeth will it hurt it?
Nice idea well I'm only 15 does age matter Kandee?
How long does it take to work Hun? One use?
Will be looking for this on my next trip to walmart! Also, I was wondering what lipstick you wore in this video? Tia ❤️❤️❤️
Do you know if this can harm your gums?
How long will I take to get teeth as white as yours? You've had amazingly white teeth constantly and I've never whitened my teeth. :) +kandeejohnson
Does the rinse solution come with the tube or only with the kit?
Do you know if Walmart ships international? I'm from New Zealand and teeth whitening products are really expensive here!
Is it 100% safe for the tooth enamel? :)
Hi Kandee, how are you? well, i'm from spain, and i want to know if you know any web where i can buy something similar. Thank you!
Doesn't the kit come with a mouth tray?
Hey kandee? What if you have a permanent Retainer ?
sub for sub anyone? im doing a giveaway at 100 subs!!
Do you do the same thing for your bottom teeth? Thanks for the tip!
Hi kandee huge fan! I was just wondering if you knew if they sell the teeth whitener in europe? Or if its just in america luv chlo xxx
Kandee, what if you have sensitive teeth and gums? I'm scared this will be murder on my teeth! Is there a gel for sensitivity?
Does this make your teeth sensitive? I have tried a teeth whitening system and it burned my gums and my teeth are now sensitive to things. Thanks!
I thought the solution is supposed to be used before you do the whitening?? At least thats what I remember from the kit
Do you use dry shampoo? If so which one? Please help me kandee!!
Wow idk another youtuber that would reply kandee is they ur real name? We'll if it is that's awsome
Anyone know if mouth guards are in sports section or by toothpaste?
would this be ok to use on sensitive teeth?
im gonna try this , have u had braces ? :)
ANYONE FROM CANADA KNOW WHERE I CAN GET THE 5 MIN GEL ? PLEASE PLEASE LET ME KNOW :) BTW LOVE YOU KANDEE :) IF YOU WERE A FLAVOUR OF ICE CREAM YOU WOULD BE THE SWEETEST ONE :)
kandee do you know If people in Canada can get this :( ive never seen it at walmart
How long do you have to do that
