How much water should use to paint? Because I always found that I use too much water or rather too much layers and the paper became too wet and starts breaking? I dont know how to describe it but it just um, yeh how do I prevent that
How can I show colour bright in my painting?
What water colors do you use
Hi I know it's 2021 but my teacher added this video to our assignment can you please list out all the tips in just one list?
What is your paper using watercolor(・∀・)
if you mix too much you can come back to it later right? (I do this and i keep it on a little ceramic plate thing-y)
Where do you get paper for it
Which brush do you use
How much water do u put in the paint
Can I just use sketch book paper
Anyone have any tips about fineliners bleeding?
what's the paper u use
Should I line first or paint?
How come when you paint the water stays in the lines,when I paint the water/paint goes out the lines
Me: *wondering why my watercolor drawings look weird*  *sees the difference beteen the types of paper*  Me: *sadly staring at my printer paper*
Why why did she make a hole in her drawing :(
does this work with watercolour pens?  ;-;
What outline do you use? Because idk which video you said what you used. :/ And thank you for the tips
Can u use sketch paper?
can you use 110 gsm paper for watercolor?
What is the sheet you are using?
THX for all your tutorials!!! Are you doing #drawthisinyourstyle ?
4:16 Is that an evolution of Totoro?
Can chalky paint or cheap paint prevent to make a nice flat wash of paint?
Is the sketch book is working for watercolor?
2:28 is this an American thing because we don't have ice cream like that in britain   Yh that was random...
Is wallpaper alright for watercolour? I've used it before and it's not terrible, bends the paper a see bit, but I could've prevented that if I held it down with tape. Also, when I went over it tons and tons and really heavily, it never started to rip up on the wallpaper, so I assume it's alright..? Yes, I just casually use wallpaper for art. Its quite a decent thickness and I have a lot spare from when my room was decorated. Might as well use it if it's white, right?
What brush do you use?
Wait, I have seen the girl character somewhere. But where?
What pens should I use to outline a drawing before painting? My biros bleed and my copic multiliner does too
what liner is the best to use? sometimes the liner i use works perfectly and sometime the watercolour will completely cover it or it will make the pen bleed. I always wait at least thirty minutes for my pen to dry and it never works the same twice (i use the onyx waterproof pen) i used to be really good at watercolour. now when I use the exact same techniques they dont work at all. its extremely frustrating.
The thing about cheap watercolours, can you please rry out the pretty excellent or meilan watercolour 36 half pans set? They are only 20 dollars and al the reviews only said good things about them
0:08 on which paper is that bear with the anchors drawn?
3:33 is it because of the watercolors she is using? Or is it the coldpress paper? It looks so highly pigmented and smooth, I’m amazed
For some odd reason my koi water brush won’t unscrew please help!
I got watercolor!!but i can't find watercolor paper.Where do you get watercolor paper?Also these tips helped me alot!!!
I'm using sketch book paper.. It's good for watercolor right? I only make gradients and c OK profile galaxies but I'm still learning,  thanks for the tips ^^
I use specific watercolor paper but it still crumples up. maybe it's bad quality?
How do you make a straight hole through your paper
What about consistancy in the colors? Sometimes when I watercolor I get different colors, like a really light green compared to a really dark green and I dont know how to control it :(
How does your library not bleed when you use watercolour??? I still haven’t managed to find a liner that doesn’t bleed except for ballpoint pens but that’s too much
How can you make your own characters?
What watercolor do you use?
This is really helpfull but i want to know how to blend skin color GAIXBKS
how do you fineliners not bleed into the watercolor
How to blend an make backgrounds
Whats cold press and hot press and where do i get it?!
What is watercolor brand you use
wut type of water colors do u use?
What do you do to avoid thoes little bits?
What watervolors do u use
I just bought the revees water color packet and I don’t know if it’s good can I have more tips?
What watercolour did u use Kasey?
Do u know how to stop paint from drying too fast in the palette
Okay, I love your videos and your content. (this is not a rant for anyone hoping to get one.) but there's one thing I don't get. The broken Lineart. I love the way it looks, don't get me wrong, but... what is the technique you use?
4:00 is it just me, or does that just look like the worst period ever.     Hurts even more to look at cause I'm on my period...
EVERYTHING YOU DRAW IS SO CUTE?!! HOW!?!!!
When i make a gradient and add more water it adds a blotch of too much paint. Is that because of the paper?
What brand of paper does she use?
I've been following your advice and advice in general for watercolors and...  it did not work. my colors were muddy or not pigmented enough, somehow it looked veryyyy dry on paper.. until i bought good quality brushes (i used to buy sets of 10 brushes for 1$ lol) and now watercolor has never been so fun??
HOW DO U CREATE SKIN TONES WITH WATERCOLORS PLEASE TELL MEEEEEEEE
What if i don't use a watercolor paper but my watercolor drawings are cool?
What kind of brushes do you use?
I'm sure somebody had asked you this but what about stuff like mixed media paper? Personally, I use mixed media with watercolors and I get pretty good results.  My other question is how you feel about watercolor pencils, crayons and water based brush pens that pick up pigment when you add water? I use watercolor pencils, my most favorite are flesh tones because finding a good skin colored art supply is hard and paint mixing recipes are hard (I know you can't spell paint without pain).
How do you come up with so many amazing ideas for your artwork. I'm not to creative
what if you don't have enough money for tubes and can only get the trays?
Hi Kasey,Im sure this will never be seen but I have a question! I do water colors a lot and to draw the line art im usually stuck between a regular ink pen and a Sharpie,When I use the ink pen and color my painting the ink rises from where it was left and the end result of my painting is black! Are micron pens a better option? And are they water proof? Please let me know!^^
Is artist loft watercolors good
I’m just wondering what pens and pencils are best for watercoloring, I hate how some pens bleed into the water color and pencils that effect the color of the watercolor by the lead mixing into it.
How do you get your paper not to warp?
2:16 how does her paper towel look so dry??! When I use it, it’s looks like I poured my whole cup on the towel
I just got a beginning art kit..any tips?
Hi Kasey! Do you stretch your watercolor paper? I work with 140 lbs  paper and  still buckles.Suggestions?
How do I use a cheap Brush?
Why does that girl have a hole on her crotch?????
what water color do you use
With the over mixing thing I typically just let it dry on my little plastic palette and when I come back it’s good as new (idk about the tube paints though, so far I’ve only really used the ones in the pans)
Will these tips still be useful to watercolor brush pens or pencils,I use those instead
Quick question, Are all the tips in the video same for watercolour pencils? I use them instead and I just wanted to know so if u come across this comment plz answer my question 🥺👌
What brand of paint do you use it's all most x-mas for my and I've been painting with water color for a bit and I'm still trying to stock up so I want to get the good stuff
Hey kasey! Great video and very helpful! I just have 1 question. When I use watercolor, I usually sketch on the watercolor paper, then I outline it with an ink pen. But when I use watercolor, the watercolor mixes with the ink and makes a gross dark color! How do I prevent this?
I only use printer paper..... IM CHEAP AF BOOOII!! if you know any cheap brands of paper plz tell me! I'd wouldn't mind some water colour paper that's cheap ; )
what kind of papers did you use, sorry im a newbie :D love your videos so much im learning alot
Hi, do you have any recommendations for what watercolors should I use?
Can I use u create paper for water color
Can u make the biggest drawing on the biggest paper pls😔😔
Kasey, when doing lineart do you use a regular pen, a marker, or something else?
Anyone else prefer the dry gradient over the wet one?
What about sketchbooks? Would that work for water color?
Do you add water on the paper first or do the wet on dry technique? O':
3:20 what is that brush u using
can i use oslo paper or white card stock?
WHY DO YOU SOUND SO MUCH LIKE AILEEN FROM REGULAR SHOW?!?!?!?😱😱 btw first time here love you already😊❤❤ keep up the good work!!!😊
Do you erase the sketch after coloring it? How do you erase your sketch after coloring it?
How do you keep the paint inside the lines? XD
I just turned 13 and for my birthday, my dad got me a set of watercolors: the tube kind. Is that what you use? Also, I think I'm doing okay at watercolor because I've been watching your videos to see how you do it
What brand/type of pen do you use? I use whatever pen i have and even if i let it dry for a long time it still manages to bleed
Kasey golden if u have enough time can u plz draw my oc i love ur art style so much!!!😍
Where can u find watercolour brushes and paint? I don't have those materials...and I really want to watercolor
What kind of water color do you use, mine is really light, with my water color pencils.
What marker/ pen/pencil do you use in those drawings. so you can get it wet without the ink bleeding? (also loooove your style and helpful video :D )
So i have a question, how do you avoid the water wrinkles when using water color?
3:52 this is making me suffer  Did it hurt making this part, kasey?
What watercolors do you use?🤗❤
Does anyone know a good (cheapish) brand of water colors for a beginner? I was using crayola but I was having trouble getting good colors out of it
How do you keep your fine line so clear like the paint doesn't make the fine line look all merky
Do you have any tips for making smooth lineart? I've been drawing for YEARS so I'm no beginner, but my lineart is always shaky and uneven. I have a really shaky hand especially when my anxiety kicks in, and sometimes my lineart ruins the whole piece. I'm a perfectionist so a lot of the time I throw away my drawings because I'm frustrated that the lineart is so crappy.
I'm kinda afraid to ask if the owl girl was going through her period because the dramatization is real😅
Can you use charcoal paper for watercolor
where do you get the watercolor brush pens? like what aisle?
If you want a certain color to be paler/lighter do u add more water to it? And if you want the color to be darker and stuff do u use less water?
What watercolour do you use??
Does anyone know what to do to fix warping when using watercolors?
I need a bigger variation of watercolor or a bigger watercolor pallet
In my country they don't have watercolor paper so what to use ._.
What fineliner do you use when you are working with watercolours? 😊
Idk where to get water color paper
HOW DO U STAY INSIDE THE LINES IM SO BAF AT STAYING INSIDE THE LINES
Im only able to afford those Artist Loft Tube watercolor paints, and im having trouble figuring out how to make a decent skin color Without it looking too yellow or red and not mess up the line art. Any ideas? 😓
4:01  Is she on her period? 😂
Could I use normal paints and add a little water to them in a little container when I paint
Did 4:01 remind anyone of a period
so the watercolour paper I got recently is 280gsm (hot press maybe?) and it just sucks up all the watercolour as soon as I apply it. I mean it was cheap but is there aNy way I can stop it drying so quickly?
Am I the only one who found that when Kasey continuously rubbed the brush on the paper to the point where it was coming off, was hilarious?
Da hot press paper gives it like a...digital art look. Btw, do u have a webtoon comic ◇^◇?  Ur lil character makes it seem so hehe
Is anyone gonna comment on how she was aggressively rubbing her brush against that character’s crotch? No? Just me?
what marker do you use for the base/structure (idk) of your drawing because most of the markers i use bleeds or smudges when i apply watercolours over it
What type of pen do you use for the outline
those moments when you thought you are a great artist until......
Can you use paper from a sketch book?
Why is your paper so heavy
what water colors do you use?
Do I put water on the paper first or the brush
What fineliner do you use with your paintings?
hey Kasey! I love your videos, you inspired me to start using watercolours! Keep up the good work! But i have a question, i have watercolour paper, but the paper still buckles, is that normal?
Whats 140 LB? I am german and just know 300 gsm
Hi Casey,  This is my first viewing of one of your videos and I enjoyed it very much and subscribed.  I'm a real beginner at this, though I paint in oils all the time.  You answered many questions here and I'll be watching your other videos.  Can you tell me how to prevent the blooming (blotching?) that happens.  I'm quite unsure of how much water to use.  I've mainly done dry painting to avoid this, but I really do like the blending that happens wet on wet.  Thanks for any reply.
Plz tell meh the best and cheapest watercolours you use pleaze
What kind of color is use in skin? (sry for my english)
whats the QOR watercolours that u listed in ur materials
please.... what is the tip number five ?  i don't understand  (because is english)
Hi , just wanted to know which pen do use for inking .
How do you paint in the liness😭
I was literally just wondering if there was a video for this
whenever i add water, it get's really out of control and is just a huge blob of water, i just want my paintings to be really light and soft but i can't do it with the giant blob of water, help?
I’ve the vid! But what pen/liner do you use for your work?
How do u know when there is enough water and not enough
Ummmmm,what if I use art block paper??? Is it acceptable???
what kind of brush do you use (what brand)
I don't know if it's the watercolors I use, but whenever I try to do a wet gradient the colors just mix into each other at the slightest contact. It won't even be super wet and they just mix themselves without any effort.
Anyone know what type of paint she uses?
Am I the only one who felt the pain when she rubbed the paper toooo hard😬😂
What brand of pens do you use to outline your pieces? All of the pens I've tried smudge when I add the watercolor.
What brand of watercolors do you use?
Could you  try watercolour pencils pls
Where do you usually get the water colour paper? Is it sold in stationary shops or artsy shops? I'm wondering.
can anybody tell me how to NOT smudge the ink? everytime i water colour, the inking smudges like crazy, and bleeds into the paint, and makes it look really  bad. id appreciate  some help!
How bout tick normal paper??
I have a question :c someone knows what materials she use to make the line art? Sometimes I use markers or pens and turns in to a mess :/
what is a good pen to use to outline the drawing first before water colouring?
Is Sketchbook and watercolor paper different?
Wow you grew from 1k to 111k really quick! When I first started watching your videos I was frustrated that you didn't have more subscribers because you definitely deserved to. This video is really helpful however (dumb question alert) I always struggle to mix paint. whenever I try to introduce new colours they just get absorbed into my brush and then when I clean the brush to get a different colour... so much paint is wasted. this makes it really hard to mix big quantities of paint. I would really appreciate if you could help out answering this
Do you know what else you can use as support for painting watercolor? *Passe-partout material!*  It has great consistency, so hard that rarely warp, but so soft at the surface that works with watercolor. Even if you think it will be so expensive to buy, you can ask for *leftover material* in the marquetry shop (frame shop). Result of cutting frames, they abound too small squares that are no longer useful for cut again, but are perfectly okey to paint small watercolor illustrations..! You will get a finished artwork ready to give or hang. *Source: My father as marquetry worker* Wish you luck!
What about water color pencils
Do u need to add water to the water colors
What type of pen do you use?
How are you painting​ with watercolor? I have watercolor pencils, so...
is there a HOT PRESS watercolor paper???
What do you use for lining your work? And you line it before you start painting? : o  I'm trying to figure out what'd be the best way to go about doing this-- lining before or after I get the watercolors down.
Do you use watercolor pencils or paints?
What paper do I use
I love paints! Both watercolor and acrylic.however, the watercolors I use are so wet to the point where I can't control my paints. How to avoid that?
3:52  Okay, u right, but how satisfying does that look?
Will cardstock work?
Why don't you erase your pencil lines after your done inking?
What are qor watercolors? plese! Am i stupid
! English is not my first language !    How you make that anatomy ? I notice that lines but i can't really get it 😅 how you know where start ? - sorry if you can't understand what i mean haha.. 😂😂
Is there much difference from water colour pencils and water colour brushes?
How do you fill in the colors so perfectly? I use a small brush but the paint still comes out of the outline.
Just found your channel, your watercolors are insane! Have you ever done a coffee challenge? would be awesome to see
What brushes do you use? They always seem to be angled
Can you do someting like this for lines (with a fineliner or other kind of pen) because my lines are not good
Do you use watercolors that r in a tube or a pre made palette thing
What about if my watercolor paper warps whenever I try to erase it?
My question was not answered.🤔🤔🤔     How come when I ink then add the watercolor this makes the ink outline bleed. And when you do it your lines are perfectly CLEAN. What?!?! How?! Do u even... 😑😑😑
Whenever I watercolour, my line art in always bleeds into the watercolour and makes it go brown :(. How can I avoid this? Is it just the pen I'm using?
can you do a real time water color.... i know that sounds a bit LONG but i would love to see it.
Do you use promarkers?
Hello Kasey, I was wondering, for one of your videos could you explain how you created your original characters and  I've been to nearly every end of YouTube and I have found some good videos explaining how to make an oc you are very talented in the way you explain things so I would like to see how you would explain this subject. Creating an oc (for me) is extremely hard because 1) I still am trying to find my style and 2) I have no idea where to start or what to look for in my oc. Thank you for is amazing video, I just started to get back into watercolour thanks to you -Tyler M
Does anyone know other youtube channels that have content similar to this? I love watching her doing line art and watercolour
Hey Kasey! May I ask, is watercolour just paint but mixed with water? I use watercolour pencils and it doesn't give off the visual appeal that your art does! ^^
I was hoping you'd also go into the pens you use. Do you only used the micron pens? What other pens are good for watercolor, are there some pens (and watercolors) to absolutely avoid when starting out?
what watercolours do you use? they seem like really good ones.
Can you make a video on color mixtures?  Such as colors or pigments that you use for various skin tones and how you shade them! This video was really helpful as I am soon going to begin using watercolors and I hope you can make a little series out of this.
Thx I want to learn water color
Brustles? You mean bristles?
If you want a challenge can you do a cheap water colour video?please?
How do you get inside such small lines? It's hard for me to do it--
87k.... How did this happen? Back at 7k and u were so small 🐢
(Hmmm, I wonder what type of watercolors you use...)   (P.s. Great artwork btw)  Edit: oh wait nvm I just found out)
i want to start drawing but i dont know where to start can u please make a video about that?
I use mix media paper but it still bends?
Maybe silly question but would like a clothesline type of thing work as well for drying the brushes? (bristles pointed downwards)  I have some cute little clothes pegs with ladybugs on em that I maybe could finally put to good use like this xd
Is this a reuplode? I mean I know it is you in the video but im 100% sure I saw at least the part around 3:45 before... O-o
What kind of pen should i use for lineart? Because the ones I'm using right now, bleed into the paper a little
I wonder how you must've felt while destroying the owl lady as an example 😅😂
Wow. You posted this the day after I looked up a bunch of tutorials on water coloring for beginners. Out of all the videos, this one was the most useful one!   Also, just a quick question: Are you going to be participating in this year's Inktober?
Can you make a part 2 of prompt 30 but not a prompt just a painting video? I liked it so much ! And you enjoyed it too! Why not than 🌟🐱
I was JUST thinking: "Hm, maybe I should try something with watercolours?", and you made this video THANK YOU, it's at the right time!💜💜💜
Casey I sketch really hard on my paper and it's really ugly when I colour over It....do you have any advise on how to stop this?   Thank u😙
*Have you ever used ink & have some tips? I want to have the best Inktober Ever. I would really appreciate the advice*
I really like the flat clean look watercolors give but it definitely seems to have a huge learning curve.   Btw Did Owlette's ovaries explode?! 😲
*Have toy ever used ink & have some tips? I want to have the best Inktober Ever. I would really appreciate the advice*
I use Canson Mixed Media paper, and when i use my watercolors on it, it curls up at the corners, what did i do wrong?
These videos are so high quality. Why aren't you more popular?
