Des it make a big difference if the piping fabric isn’t cut on the bias?
How long should the zipper be?
you did not cut the fabric on the bias, Why?
i'm going to use this tutorial today. looks like it will be very helpful. is there a way i can slow the video down?
Can you please tell me me why you add extra fabric to the zipper?
I love this! A couple of people asked but I didn't see an answer... How do you join the ends of the piping?
Nice but why must you go so fast with your verbal instructions and the video?  I'll subscribe but I hope your future videos are a lot slower.
Please slow down are all your tutorial this fast? Life goes by fast enough and I do this for enjoyment your tutorial has great information but I'll have too watch again and again I'm in the process of making a pillow and was looking for this information thank you for the tutorial.
I don't see where it says the zipper length?  Great video, I'll be trying it today!!
What seam allowance are you using?
Very nice. Good job! How do you sew over a zipper when adding zipper stop? I am scared that my needle will break. Thanks
Am I the only teenager here?😂
To fast.  I couldn't understand some of the measurements.  And how do you join the ends of the piping??
What if you want an exposed zipper? What different steps would you take?
Hi, I have a question about the 3" piece for the zipper.  When I fold 1/2" on the 3" piece and 1/2" on ur back piece, My back piece is 1" to long. Is it suppose to be a 2" piece for the zipper or where am I going wrong?  Thank you for the tutorial, I did enjoy it.
What size pillow inserts is this for?
Hi DIY Mommy! I LOVE this tutorial and I'm going to take a stab at making these! One question, how long was your zipper? (I'm going to use 20 x 20 inch pillow form too.) Is it just as long as the fabric you cut? 21 inches? Or is it 20? Or is it shorter? Thank you!
I have a quick question, when you cut your second piece of fabric (for the back panel) you mentioned to cut it 1 inch shorter than the front panel which you cut at 21"x21".  So, do you cut the back panel 20"x20" to accommodate the zipper panel?  Thanks for sharing, great video!
