If I don't wanna use wine what can I add instead
Am I the only one bothered by their lack of fondue etiquette? You don't dip and eat off of the same fork, that has everyone double dipping in the fondue. You spike your food and dip with one fork and either transfer it to another regular fork or slide it off onto a plate to eat.
Could you make this fougasse using a sourdough starter?
How is drinking water gonna help people who don’t have water
If I don't have Emmental cheese, can I use another??
Is it bad that I just had a 'oooooo his just 5 years older than me' moment when Mike mention 1986?😝
Have u ever had the meat fondue ? With a bunch of difference sauces my parent did
But where is James?
Is there such a thing as a vegan cheese fondue? I am obsessed with cheese but want healthier options.
should the celery, carrot or broccoli cooked before?
But doesn’t the alcohol get cooked out?
Has anyone else noticed that they always choose the picture that is the least flattering for Ben (aka hes pulling a funny face or looking the other way) at the end of every/most videos I find it so funny
As an American trying to make the Fougasse, how many cups is 500 g of bread flour?
2 glasses, 500ml of wine? Just how large are your wine glasses?
I have a strange question: does the achohol get cooked off of the wine?
How do these guys only have 1.7 mil subs????
It was my understanding that for the bread, you needed two consecutive lines in the middle? (GBBO does not lie)
Now with this recipe, I'm curious to know if the texture of the bread would change if you had spritzed the bread with water and baked it with a shallow pan of water on the bottom of the oven much like you would with french bread. Would it taste the same? Different? Would it change it for the good or the bad?
Would a dry, sharp white grape juice work?
Can you use alcohol free white wine?
ummm is anyone else gonna comment on the adorable face Ben made when he had too much wine?!?! SO CUTE!
hi can i replace wine with vinegar or rice vinegar ?
Can you make a meal which is halal and Muslim friendly!!!
Question for people who know about this sort of thing: I've recently found masked with an abundance of both white wine and camembert cheese. Can I use Camembert for this kind of thing? Or is this sacrilege? Please advise!
Would white vinegar do the whine's job??? Cause its acidey liquid i guss!!!! And ceep up the good work you guys make the youtube a better place to spend time in...!
Why isn't Captain America here? He is about to go against Ironman so make him happy and invite him over next time
For the wine again, Would non alcoholic wine work? I would like to create this for my family (Very large portions) but some of my relatives are much younger and would enjoy this party food. Otherwise I guess I can try the variant of Vegetable stock and lemon juice.
could you please make vegeterian lasagne? p.s. you're all awesome
Please teach us how to make sourdough!
how do you spell the bread name......!
Have one problem to kids eat this??
Am I the only person here who is a child using my dads account?
Is there an alternative for alcohol?
Is this alcoholic c
Has Ben still been cooking with one hand in his pockets at all times
Why was Jamie holding a pinecone at the ending screen?
What do you do with the leftover fondue? Do you mix in mashed potatoes and make it into croquettes? ohh! Do a "What to do with leftovers!" episode! With the holiday season, there is going to be soo much of food leftover. Ohh! a leftover microwave dinner episode so that we could just make a bunch of new stuff with the leftovers and then portion them out, freeze them and have them on days when you just don't want to cook! Happy holidays to you 12! Ben you are amazing and I've learnt so much for you these past few years! Cheerios xoxo
Am I the only human in the world that doesn't like cheese?
has anyone noticed that Even has looked the same for 5 years
did barry get a baby or fall in love? he does look more mature in the recent videos comparing to the old ones (and I like it!)
Might this be Sorted's Project for Awesome video?
HEY GUYS IS THERE ANY REPLACE FOR ALCOHOL IN COOKING. BECAUSE I'M ALERGIC IN CONSUMINGALCOHOL
Why is sortedfood.com always down? Everytime I try to open the page, it just never loads, and its been like that for months :(
Why does it look like he has a pine cone on his skewer in the last frame?
Can I use water instead of wine? I want to increase awareness for the less fortunate.
Here in Sweden you can buy something called "food wine" thats basically non alcoholic (usually 0.something) its not a sweet wine, wouldn't that be a good thing to use instead of wine with alcohol in it or stock?
Did jamie have a pine cone on the end of his skewer at the end??
Did you even dip the bread in the fondue? Which is the traditional way to eat Swiss fondue...
I've noticed that for a few "big night in" videos now that every time a group question is asked, up to 3 of the guys answer the question. i would have liked to know what jamie would have donated to raise awareness.
Could one use apple juice, instead of vegetable stock, sticking with the fruity theme? Seems to me like it would work.
At the end, WHY DOES JAIME HAVE A PINECONE ON THE STICK?!?! hahahaha
Can we dip cooked meat into cheese fondue? Maybe some grilled chicken or lamb. Is that unusual to do?
Can i mix the caramelised onions & rosemary into the dry flour I mean before it becomes a dough?
Isn't that bread recipe the same as focaccia?
Chocolate fondue with fruit and/or marshmallows (Y) Is that still fondue, or just like a stationary chocolate fountain?
Could you use like grapefruit juice or something? Because that definitely had the acidity and it's not very sweet at all..?
I'm allergic to corn flour, with what other thing can i substitute it?
Thanks for answering my question!! :))
If you've got roast potatoes, why would you have any other sort of potato?
You are adding the onions before or after the dough has proven? Nice video ! Big night in - Makes every Friday , better! ❤️
Can we PLEASE talk about ADORABEN on 3:55??? <3 <3  Love my little quichey.
What could I use for an alternative to wine because we cant drink it in our house
BEN WHERE IS YOUR CHEFS JACKET you're like naked I'm terrified
Just to add something to the "why use alcohol" question, there's certain flavour and aroma compounds that can't dissolve into water or fat, but do dissolve into alcohol.
why do you have plates?
not drinking alcohol with food but using it in food aren't same?
you guys even answered our question about Mike's middle name! im so happy today <3
Is there a good substitute for the alcohol for those of us who can't cook with alcohol?
Is Jamie going to dip a pine cone in the fondue? (End picture)
when we eat fondue at home, we aren't allowed to put our dipping fork in our mouths. So we have a fork to dip and a fork to eat. (I don't know if this is traditional or just for hygienic reasons)
So Ben is Mike's father?
Tasty pine cone, Jamie?
What I'd LOVE to know is how the hell they manage stay fit after all the cholesterol inducing foods Ben cooks for 'em!
