Is she saying "hulled" or "whole"?
What about if you chew whole flax seeds? Are you getting the nutrients then?
Ground flaxseed is air sealed. What is the difference between Golden and Brown flaxseed.
I hear a bunch about 2 tbsp being the limit per day, but see recipes for flaxseed crackers, flatbreads, and wraps calling for cups of flaxseed. Is exceeding the 2 tbsp limit safe?
Do you just store the ungrounded flax seed in airtight container, room temp?
Isn’t sprouted the best way to consume them?
Would a seed & nut grinder work as well as a coffee grinder to grind the flaxseed?
Hello, I know a lot of ppl prefer organic foods. I wanted to know if organic flaxseeds were just as good. Thanks and I appreciate this video.
Do you roast the raw flax seeds , and then grind them????
What is your recommendation for peoples/areas where refrigeration isn't an option?
Why raw, not roasted?
Is it necessary to store whole flax seeds before you ground them in refrigerator weather if the bag is open or not.
HI, will the whole toasted flaxseed lose nutrients over time also? Isn't it more convenient if you intend on grinding them yourself, and eating it, as is, by itself, out of a spoon? Thanks.
What do you mean by "potency"?
What is the diffrence between chewing it real good from grinding it?
Do you have to rinse the flax seeds before using?
Table spoon? Level or  heaping?
Hi, I just purchased ground flaxseed 🤦🏼‍♀️ and just watched your vid.  I’ll see if I can purchase whole unroasted.  My question is : how long once you’ve ground the seeds do they roughly last in the fridge?  many thanks for a great informative video 😊
just to Ask about the gut as watched other vids that recommends to Soak then dry before Eating please advise if this is essential as this vid doesnt mention
Hi, Do we need to roast the raw seeds before grinding? Thanks
What about flaxseed oil?
If I make a smoothie with it. Must I eat it soon after making it or can I leave it in the fridge?
I bought a grinder but only for the flaxseed, and each day I grind 2 tablespoons and consume with water! Us that much? Also can I mix with chia seeds together?
I've read that you're supposed to roast them b/c raw flaxseeds have toxins...I'm confused.
Can I blend them in a smoothie?
Can raw whole flax seeds be sprouted and eaten as an alternative to grinding?
I take a spoonful and chew them for a while before swallowing... isnt that just like grinding them as well?
Hi - What’s wrong with roasted flax seed?  Is that why there are light brown and dark brown flax seed due to roasting or are there actually two different types of flax seed?
I hope you answer my question which is  in your opinion will soaking golden linseed seeds in hot water  and allow to soften and release the oils  then eat be of any benefit for constipation if taken before bedtime? Can this  cause acid  problems and nausea next morning? Ive been advised to do this  by Kinesiology . Mine are from Sainsburys and it doesn't say whether roasted or raw. How can you tell? . Thanks
Thank you so much for your video 😊 I have a question .. if i put the raw flax seeds in my oatmeal without grinding them and chew really well before swallowing it, won't my teeth grind the seeds? Or is that not enough grinding? Sorry if it sounds like a silly question 🙈
if I MIX the ground seed in my oatmeal, will my body absorb it fully ?
when you say one tablespoon....is that a ground up  or whole seed-before ground up measurement ?
Does it need to be roasted first before eating? Or can eat raw, thank you so much.
What is your skin regimen? Because you have flawless skin misses! It's the flaxseed isn't it? 😉
Wouldn't the blender grind them up if you put them in whole In a smoothie?
Shouldn't we need to roast them before grinding?
I had another question please. What is the shelf life of flax seeds that are whole, non-roasted? One year?
Why is roasted flaxseed not good? Is it not as potent as raw ones?
Thank you! Should I grind chia and hemp also?
Should I siore the flaxseed powder in deep fridge or in the lower compartment of fridge?
God tell me already!
What about Flaxseed meal?
Should you sprout them before you grind them up.?
We can grind them in our mouth with our teeth, right?
Rather than grind them, can I just soak them to get all the nutrients?
Thanks. Question: If you have a high powered blender, why do you need to grind the seeds first? Won't the blender pulverize them?
Thanks. But, , ,  everything but how to grind them? Or did I miss it?
Thank you so much for making this video and sharing the knowledge. Question; is it true that consuming flaxseed regularly over a long period of time it could make your breasts grow bigger?? And I confuse bc on other videos it says you should take 2 to 3 tablespoons daily??
Thank you so much for making this video and sharing the knowledge. Question; is it true that consuming flaxseed regularly over a long period of time it could make your breasts grow bigger?? And I confuse bc on other videos it says you should take 2 to 3 tablespoons daily??
Don't you have to balance omega 3 with omega 6?
Greetings, hi.. loved your video it's very helpful, thank you.  I just have 1 question, about the amount of flaxseed that you can consume each day? How many grams or (easier) how many table spoons can we consume for every meal? Or is it limitless?  Thank you so much 💚
do u recommend to use flax and chia seeds together?
Ive got a bag of organic ground flaxseed how long can u keep using it.
Hi, I have a question for you  Why you didn't wash them first  Thanks
Can you put it in your tea?🤔
if I grind raw flaxseeds and use the flour in baking a pie crust or making a tortilla, will it still retains its nutritional value? In other words, does the heating process (such as baking) decrease the nutritional value?
What about Cold milled flax seeds?   https://www.livestrong.com/article/214342-the-health-benefits-of-cold-milled-flaxseed/
Hi...Im wondering what coffee grinder you use for this. I need to get one.  Thanks!
