If it’s not adjusted correctly, could it also affect the flow of water draining out normally?
Whats it mean when the lever BARELY moves up or down but the water barely drains? Broken or can it be adjusted?
If it's 2 low what is the visual identification
How do I fix one that keeps going up on its own?
I bought a new stopper and lever. I can move them up and down before installing them, but when they’re installed, I can’t push the lever down to drain the water. Any ideas? The screw is adjusted as high as it can go. Thanks
What happens if you remove it while the trip lever is in a close position ? And you put it back and now it’s im close position and it won’t go back to open position
Thank you so much! Is there a such thing as dropping it too low? I dropped mine down as far as it could go and it still doesn't work. Another thing is the plunger is brass and the drain is plastic.
I just installed a brass one from Lowe’s and made it longer like you showed on the video. It’s still not stopping the water. Any ideas?
What would make my trip lever close on its own? I try to push down to drain water it will close itself ? Any ideas before I mess with it? Mind you I had to replace the cover  maybe I messed up the adjustment
is this the same fix if it doesnt stop the water at all?!
I understand what you're saying in the video but....If the mechanism can be too high (allowing water to drain when it's not supposed to) can it also be too low when it's supposed to be open, causing the water to drain too slowly while taking a shower? Is there a way to find that happy medium?
how do i know how many turns to do? ive already tried twice and did 4 turns each time and keep putting it back in and screwing it back in and its still not working.
Thank You for this video, the Bell that is supposed to be attached to the trip lever mechanism is stuck in the drain and I can not fish it out. Any way I can get it out? I tried snaking but can't hook onto it. Help!
I did adjusted plunger many times up AND down, but the water is still draining a little bit. Doesn't hold properly. Plunger looks good. What else can be issue with drain system?
I tried this, but it still isn't stopping the water at all. It's a brand new tub (installed by previous owners), and the little stopper weight is plastic - is that the problem? Is it too light and thus not dropping down?
I replaced my trip lever and a week later I noticed that when I open the drain the lever slowly goes back up and I have to push it down again ad again.  Do you know of a fix for this one?  Thanks.
This might be a dumb question but I am going to ask it anyway. If you pull out the lever mechanism and make the adjustment, will it automatically go back into place when you re-insert it into the tub or do you have to jiggle the blocker part of it (at the end) so that it will go where it needs to go to stop the drain? Did that make sense?
i tried to pull the whole assembly out and it left the plug itself in the overflow pipe. now what
NICE...mine is frozen in place in a drian pipe plugged position..can i simply lock onto the lead and force it up ? i am lost here and i am too broke to call a pro.  this whole assembly should just come right out like it did in this video, correct ?
We just bought a house and the problem I’m having with mine is the lever won’t stay down so the tub will drain, it keeps popping up plugging the drain, any thoughts?
how do you pull that lever back out to open my drainage , and its not draining the water because of that lever has been broken and blocking the water drainage.
Hmm. I was going to replace it. THANK YOU!!!
Hi, so mine doent hold watet at all for a bath , do you you think i need to loosen it up, this looks pretty simple thanks for sharing
here's a question, how do you fix it when the lever wants to stay up but you want it to stay down?
hey I can't get the trip lever to move back and forth on it when I try to put a new one
Mr. Randrup from Randolph Heights??  Is that you????
Can you tell me why a lever would go up and down when it's outside of the tub but when I install it the lever will not move?
are you keeping the tapered/thin  side on the upside ?  Isn't that supposed to be at the bottom ?
