What do we do about the raw edges inside, though? It doesn't really look great inside!
What is the best fabric to use?
What do u do with all the raw edges
How can I hide the inside seam?
What fabric did you use?
What material is best to make this? Thank you. Fab tutorial ☺️
What type of fabric
Is this is a cloth made one? Am so confused..anyone please clear..also thought if it has a loop we could easily carry as it meant for cosmetics pouch
Fabric used???
Love this bag, I’m a beginner and with your tutorial I made it in a few hours, thank you, can I post a pic of the finished product?
Are the seams inclosed?
This is cool but the inner stitching (triangles) is seen when we open it....so how to get rid of That
just a question, is there a reason you do no only use 2 larger pieces of material instead of 4? would that not eliminate the bottom/interior seam?
Sooo cute, but why I can see the sew in the innerlining... ???
I was so disapointed when i realize the seem was visible inside... Why not show it in your video So people dont make this mistake if they dont want visible seems
If the zip is 18 cm what size should be??? 18by what???
What is the name of the fabric pls reply
For commercial production, what type of textile machinery would you consider is needed to produce this type if bag in a factory?
Which fabric material to be used
Which fabric is this
what type of fabric have you used..??
I dont need interfacing?
nice good pouch video but,can you use a glue gun instead of sewing it?
please  tell me  what kind of  cloth do you use.  can we use another color to use bag please tell me how
Where are you from ??? Nice DIY 😍
Can you do another video of this showing how to add a strap? I love 😍 this bag this will be my on the go knitting bag for my small projects.
Very Nice!!!...Good Finishing...Way to Go..!!! Can you pls tell the cost of making this. It will help me to estimate my cost. thank you very much. Subscribed!
can we use thin foam instead of interfacing???
Do you sew over both zips and how did u make that triangle????
what type of cloth did you use?
Hi.  I struggle with metric since I am in the USA where we do not use it as a general rule.  is there any way you can add inches where you not metric information?   I did the best i could with those tiny little measurements on my ruler, but inches would be so much easier.   Thank you .
which fabric is used ?
What about all raw edges
Any by chance know how wide this comes out too?
which type of fabric you use to make this bag
What kind of cloth did you use?
wich type of fabric does it need to be
what kind of fabric did you use?
I loved the bag, bit can you make one without the zipper? Thx
i don't have a sewing machine :( do you think i can just hand stitch?
so cute! what are the dimensions of the finished product?
can you hand sew this using the backstitch?
can you tell me what kind of fabric did you use ???
What are the measurements for the final bag?
can this bag be done with a 12 inch zipper and if so what size should the material be?
Hey, my zipper is just 12 cm long. How are the other lengths then and how long is the edge for making the boxy look? :) hope smb respond
Could you please give the measurements in inches. Thanks.
Do we need a plastic fabric to do this beautiful make up bag ? Does it work with a "normal" fabric or not ? Thank you very much ! ;p
Hi, great video! Please could you tell me what size material I should use if I have an 8 inch zip? Thank you!
Very good video. 1. What type of material did you use for this case? 2. do you also have a channel called my cupcake addiction? If so I love that channel!!!
How does the triangle form?
Are you cutting all 4 corners? Hard to tell... Thanks
Just finished mine, how do I upload pics to show you??
Can I use a 20cm zip? Please reply, I would really like to sew this :) I love this channel by the way! Amazing!
Hi I am from Argentina, I wanted to know what the name of the fabric you used. Thank you!
How cut & stitch purse with many zip pockets
Greetings StyleNovice, I would like to know if I take the inner pieces of the bag and stitch them together, then the outter pieces and do the same would I still be able to make the box bottom? or do you have any suggestions.  I am trying to get a seamless lining.
I know this video was posted a while ago, but I want to know the dimensions of the finished pouch
Hey stylenovice! I just finished making your bag and have a question for you. The seams inside the bag are not hidden (instead they are exposed). Is it supposed to be like that or did I miss a step? :( Thank you so much, it's a very cute bag! X
is it me hearing wrong or they changed the orthograph of zip to zeup?
can the bottom get box shape too?
Really great video! But one question, what were the final dimensions of the box pouch?
Could you tell me how big the final bag is? The dimensions plz.... and btw very detailed tutotial, and very easy to follow..
i just loved making this pouch what a great video and excellent command over your teaching. loved making it and i guess i am going to make alot of them and give as a gift during my summer vacation to my family. i wanted to ask you if i want to put a piece of my batting as in quilting and do the quilting what are the steps i shuld follow and another question is if i want to make a bigger size than this what are the measurements. excellent !!!!!
I love this and would love to give it a try but is there a way to do this without the stitching showing on the inside?
when you say sew each of the four corners (referring to making it box shaped) it look like you just sewed across the drawn line, is that right or did i miss something or? idk im confused omg
What type of fabric is this?tia
How do you get rid of the extra fabric on the inside? Because I have little flaps of fabric from the last step to make it more boxy
Where did you get that rose/floral fabric? Its so cute.
Where did you get the material for this project from? It's really pretty!
Where did you get that fabric and where can I get it online?
What do you do with the ugly seam allowance that's inside the bag? This should be hidden between the layers.
how would this pattern work with faux leather???
Does this method leave raw edges ?
How many centimeters are there in a inch ?
I wonder.. in the tutorial you didnt mention the opening to rurn the bag inside-out. how did you do that when you've sewn all sides together?
I love this DIY but Iwas just wondering: is it necessary to use interior fabric?  Thank you x
where are you from?
.You make them so unique i love it! What if I don't have a sewing machine?????
