I'm 7 years late on this but curious, are you not worried about food or whatever falling into the holes? Why not fill with a clear resin to maintain the character but prevent that issue?
What grit were your buffing pads inbetween finish coats ?
I've done a similar project and had growing pains with stain and poly. Question, if using a cheaper poly like Oil Minwax Satin (fast dring) do you still do that wipe off step after 5 mins?
Where's the video about the dining room table legs?
I went to a few stores in my area and they all told me the problem with hardwood tables is they will bend and change after a month or two from heat exapnsion and contraction  what is the solution to that problem ?
Why some peoples uses dowel pins and some peoples don't? Is it necessary?
only glue to attach the boards , no pins etc..?
question: how you finish the back ? same process? or you just apply some sealant
The question was how much you pay for the walnut wood
Do you mind sharing the link to the table saw blade you used? Is that Diablo?
Why would you not fill that hole in your table?table looks nice though nice job.
No dowels, biscuits, or dominos? Isn't that asking for alignment issues?
Question? I’m VERY new but when you’re staining the top, do you also stain the sides and bottom of the table? And if the legs are wood as well do you treat them the same as the table? And what about the chairs? Same as well?
Why are you using Nutella for wood filler?
Thats a gorgeous table! Ive seen other carpenters put dowels in the edges before they glue it is there a reason for doing that or is it unnecessary? Thank you for the video.
Why is the table saw necessary?
to all the people who know what you're doing out there here's a noob question.  Would making this out of pine be a bad idea, in Hawaii I'd have to sell a kidney just for the materials...
So no need for any biscuit joins? Just glue?
What kind of wood you used?
What about the underside?  Do you repeat the process for the underside, or do you do some abbreviated version of the process?
So just glue to bond the wood pieces together? No cross braceboards underneath?
And finally you lay it on some rocks? Or...?
How much would it cost to buy two 80in x 28in tabletops? (for anyone that can make this). Might have to save up.. but I definitely need it. I'm currently using two hollow core doors as an L desk. It works, no sag, it's just ugly and parts of it are starting to bubble where drinks were.. (particle wood).
Is there a video with the legs being made and installed?
What kind of wood is this?
What table saw did you purchase/use??
13. wait ~5 mins and wipe excess finish or wood might warp
18. wait ~5 mins and wipe excess finish or wood might warp
How thick is this table?
You did not use a jointer or a hand plane on your boards? Why not? B
How much do you think you could sell this for?
How long are those planks in cm
Okayyy, so can we see how you made the legs?
What was the thickness, length and width of this table? Size of the table legs?
1:28 why did you let go of the wood while still cutting on the table saw? Not a safe thing to do as an example. Hope you are ok.
No planning of the boards?
Where's the legs man
Are they really called nidbits or did you make that up...sounds made up. Nice job!
Looks awesome! I'm thinking about building a similar table but I don't have access to a table saw. If I bought s4s instead of s3s, would that eliminate the need to trim down the edge like you did?
How about the legs???
How do you find just raw wood like this?
Nice. Why didn’t you  fill the hole?
Is it not necessary to use dowels of biscuits to join the boards?
What is the thickness of this table?
Very beautifull table. Nice work. A general question. What is this thing on Youtube that everybody uses a messy rag to apply the finish? What is wrong with a decent brush?
Are you being paid by the feather board manufacturer?
hey are u in Seattle?
Why you didn’t use dowel for assembly?
What is mineral spirits. Mineral turpine?
Do you have an idea what you paid for all that lumber?
*what the fuck is w/ the music?*
Excuse me , what type of wood are you using ?
@BYOT what is the exact router bit that you used for this table?
I thought you didn't need to raise the grain for an oil finish?
What table are you using?
You just glued them together? really, no routing channels or anything? yikes.
Where is the bloody Legsssssss ????!!!!
I noticed a lack of biscuit joints.  Does any woodworker know if straight glue is enough?
I am not a woodworking joiner, but aren't you meant to plane the boards all round so the stock is uniform. Also, joining the boards together should have been done with 'biscuits' and glue for a seamless overall finish. I have seen jointed board table tops that look flawless, I'm not sure this one is.
wait u forgot the legs???
Is it ok to use mineral spirits on cutting board? Or mineral oil on table?
Can I use your finishing technique with regular polyurethane ?
Great video, just what i needed, thx. One question: can i use nutella instead of wunderfil?
how much does a build like this cost roughly?
please bring the music volume down when you speak, its a little difficult to hear what you say and arent we all motivated to learn everything you mention? ;)
It's amaizing! Does it levitate as well?? As I could not see any legs attached :D
wow no joinery is needed just glue?  how strong is it if an end plank is bumped hard?
just curious that how to make sure the top is not twisted without machine planar 🤔 thx
Not sure if you said in the video but how thick was the table top?
hey just curious if you really dont need any biscuits or dowels or anything for such a large table top?
Where are the legs
Will this crack with climate change
Nice job! What is mineral spirits? Can I use fine sandpaper instead of buffing pad ? I think we don't have that here...
Great video, very helpful.  Can I ask if you've seen the color of the walnut change over time since you made this?  #subscribed
The links to the buffing pads are broken. Can you reply with a link to both of them? Thanks and awesome video!
What grit sandpaper did you use the first couple times you sanded?
what kind of router bit you used?
Did you post the video with the legs yet?
I noticed you didn't use pocket holes? Why not? When is a good time to use pocket holes?
I like the table but just wood glue makes me wonder about the strength. Why not use some dowels to help keep the strength?
We need to wipe the top coat finishing? Is it apply to all top coat finishing or just the one that you use? Since i just let it dry it self and the product instruction not saying top wipe it down. But ur finishing much much more classy look than mine that like a wood wrap with plastic😖
What are you using for that very last coat??
Did I miss something? I see a table top. Where's the table???
What is the buffing pad at 11:24?
I want to use this video to make a top for my kitchen island.  Is there anything I need to do differently, being this was for a table?
How much would you charge someone to create this?
Crosscut hardwoods in Seattle?
Did you show how you did the legs?
Where can we get the good quality walnut wood board? Anything to be think of when buying ? Like Timing of the year, humidity etc.Thanks
It's been 2 years, did you have any issues with warping and such?
Question.... Why didn't you make those plants tongue and groove for extra durability than just straight glue and clamp?
what is your rounder model?
Very, very cool table. But, earlier I was watching tons of videos about tables with "breadboard ends". Are they necessary to prevent warping? How does the table look today?
I wanted to know what grit sand paper did you use the first time you sanded the table
Am I the only person who loves sanding? Feeling the slow transition to buttery smooth wood just speaks to me.
Exactly how protective is that finish? Will it protect against spills (water, red wine, grape juice) or heat?
Have you ever tried taking any of that wood filler and putting it in a nutella jar?  I think some fun could be had...
how much is that walnut worth for that amount of material
Another dumb question. Just started my woodworking hobby and this seems like a project that would be good for me. Here's the question. What is the best way to clean the paint roller after using it to apply wood glue? By the way, great video! You explain things clearly and simply. Thanks for that. There are many that just assume that we are all professionals.
Thanks for the beautiful video and great work! Do the top coats that you applied will change the color of the wood? I love the brown color of the walnut but I worry that if I apply the top coats, it will effec the look of the walnut.
Is that one inch or two inch?
Only use glue to hold them together?
what were the demensions of the wood you used?
Loved your video.  Beginner question, how did you make the surface that you used to assemble the table.  I want to try a table top, but don't have a good flat surface that is big enough.  I am afraid that my table top won't be perfectly flat.
when making a table top are dowels not necessary?  i am making a top for a coffee table and i am wondering whether i should use them
Just the glue alone will join those planks together enough to bear some weight long term?? I made a coffee table but I drilled in plants perpendicular to the planks to keep it solid - but it that not necessary?? I put iron-pipe legs on mine
wait where are the legs?!
Nice work on the table and video too but were you drunk when you did the narration? :) You're slurring your words. LOL.
Dumb question - but did you do both sides of the table?
I see the link for those "buffing pads", but it's not working. Can you shoot me the specifics on those? Thanks!
Which sanding pads did you use? The link is broken
Nice job, mate - thanks for your work! Question: did you finished the bottom/underside of the table, too? Or sealed it ???
Will the lumber yard cut and smooth out the board for me?
awesome table. What type of router bit did you use? did you route the bottom of the table or just smooth over the edges?
How long would it take somone who is a noob. Haven't done any woodwork since HS
was that price, 10 bucks per linear foot?
What would this sell for you reckon?
and the legs for this table?
Did you end up going with 6/4 or 8/4 thickness boards?  Can't tell if you went thick and then planed down.
Nicely done. I was wondering can I make an island countertop using this method ? it is 3.25 meter by 1.2 meter so it is huge, would it be stable and will never break down ? after applying the finishing coating. can I use knife to chop on it or use dough scraper when I am kneading my dough on it ? Thank you in advance.
What was the buffing pad used around 11:24 and 12:55? Will that remove any grainy-ness of the wood that might become grainy from water/windex on walnut?
Why no dominos or other reinforcement?
How much would a table like this cost to make? And how much can you sell it for ? Thank you :)
Is it possible to make a table with pale moon ebony?
I want that table top, but Im not going to make it myself... Where can I buy one?
Dude that was an awesome video. I just subscribed!  So helpful step by step! But I had one question. The table I am building is 2.5” material and will be over hanging the base by a lot. Will just glue be strong enough to Hold the would from snapping at the joint if someone leans on it? Or should I do something to strengthen it up.
Great looking table. Was wondering how well the finish is holding up after normal use?
What brand of buffing pads did you use? I can't find them on Amazon. Thanks
Hi, beautiful table. One question, what is the name/purpose of the blue device on your table saw?
That table turned out so well! Do you recall what the total boardfoot was for a table that size?
What was the total cost of the table? And approximate total time into the project. (just the top)
What abput doing like a hand scraped or distressed look on it? Wouldnt it look kool?  Just saying.
Why can’t you sand the lip off with a rotating sand belt sander?
Hmm so biscuits or dominos not necessary? Also I think it’s called a tack cloth/rag not cheese sponge hehe
Did you finish the under side
Why don't they straight line rip it before putting it on the shelf?
Why no planing or joining
Is that wood a specific name like pine, walnut etc?
Help! I️ started building a table, got the feather jig and everything, but my boards are bowed, more than 1/8” after resaw. Am I️ doing something wrong, or are the boards bowing after the fact?
Hello mate, I have never work with wood before but I want to build an "L" desk, hopefully I am not totally wrong but I fear I may be, my plan is to buy 1"x6"x10', cut 4 pieces of 6"x5' and glue them togheter to get a 24"x5' rectangle, is it that easy?, or even possible if I don't have equipment ( table saw, clamps, etc)? Do you thing I would be able to get a flat top on the desk? Will I need to buy a power tool? I'm sure this is a silly question, please bear with me.
AN Amazing Job. Thanks for sharing. Here's a question can you put a table top epoxy resin over this finish?
how thick are the pieces of wood? 1 inch? 2? thanks!!
I don't want to be perfectionist, could I skip some steps?
Without a bread board, did this table end up smiling or frowning at the table ends?
Nice table top!!  If u don’t mind me asking how much did the wood cost in total?   And that american or Canadian dollars.    Thanks
Great video! Quick question though. Would it also have been okay to fill in the crack with glue and some of your walnut sawdust instead of using the wood filler?
Very nice table. Do you sell these Walnut tables?
Hey, what grit sand paper did you use initially? Thanks.
Do you do the same on the bottom?
How thick is the tabletop? I'm planning to build one like this, and I'm trying to decide on a thickness. Right now I'm leaning towards 1.25" or 1.5". Thoughts?
Nice table.. but I'm wondering if you've had any problems with the wood cracking overtime? And how do you prevent this from happening if it does?
hallo, very nice top, but what do You do with other side of board before instling legs? thanks
Hi, do you know what is the difference between arm-r-seal that says "wipe on formula" and the one who says nothing??? thanks
Why didnt you use biscuits when mounting the wood together?
About how much did that walnut cost? I really want to start buying real hardwoods instead of being so cheap. I guesstimated about $360.
How much did it cost for the woods and the base? This looks awesome.
Was your wood $10.xx per foot? or per stick?
Excellent work. What wood is it?
How much material did u need for the table based on board/ft?
Great video! Maybe a newbie question, but do you also apply the finish on the bottom face of the table?
hi just recently subscribed and there are some awesome videos in here! great work, thanks... could you do a "how to pebbledash a wall"?  particularly if you have a wall were the render needs removed first
Great channel and video. Just curious, why not use biscuits in between the boards?
