Did I miss the measurements?
How much starter, how much water, how much flour total?
You neglected to give amounts?
how you get the consistency you want? i dont get it
My starter doesn't float.. I have been feeding it daily.. what do I do now?
If you want to make it sweeter, do you add sugar? If you add sugar, do you use salt also? I am trying to make my own recipe for bread with a pumpkin purée sort of swirl in it and I want it to be sweet but I’ve never made sweet sourdough bread before.
Just 1 question.  The next morning, take the dough out from the fridge, right? Then, do you have to wait for a certain time before it actually goes into the oven? Thank you. 🙏🏻
How do you slap and fold like that? My attempts get too mushy and too stick to work with. Is it my technique, my flour or my ratios?
Is this how ancient people's made bread? Or a modern method?
How can you decide how much starter you need?
This is awesome. I've been amping myself up to attempt sourdough. Question: don't you autolyse without the sourdough starter now? Just the flour and water? Then add salt and starter? I've seen so many videos and your process keeps evolving. I miss bread baking and never have attempted sourdough. Thank you for your content!!
In other videos and in your website you've asked to autolyse without starter. But you've put in the starter here? I'm confused
Question: are you supposed put the loaf in the oven cold after the overnight proofing or have it sit on the counter to get up to room temp?
Ever thought about cleaning your oven’s glass?
I am just wondering ... when you feed your starter, you feed the whole thing ...? not just some part of it?
The towel you use to cover the dough looks wet, it is? :o
salt is your only flavour enhancer? how about fermentation? im not watching any more of this video. this channel is great but I dont agree with some of this stuff and ive lost interest.
does white flour include white bread flour?
Slap and fold is kneading I'm completely confused now.
So, I notice that there's no bulk rise with this recipe. I'm doing my first one according to one of your schedules (more or less) and wondering what the difference is if we don't do the bulk rise. (I'm doing it.)
Hey, is it hot and humid where you live? Do you have AC on? I fear that the slapping folding technique won't work as good for me... im living in Honduras and its pretty hot and humid here all the time.. i think the dough might be too sticky for that technique.. what do you recommend?
Why always in the fridge and no outside or even in the oven? Is over proofing really a thing??
Mike can you do a gluten free sourdough sometime?
Would you use tipo 00 for sourdoughs? As the primary flour not the starter.
What I have to do if the starter doesn't float?
Hi!! I need help! I did everything like in the recipe, and I put in the refrigerator overnight and the bread didn’t grow anything!! Is in the same size! What could have gone wrong? What can I do now?
1:36 How much starter, 1:59 how much flour??
Is the white flour bread flour or all purpose?
How could I bake sourdough without dutch oven? Would leaving a tray with some water for about 20min in the oven work?
what is the water to starter ratio?
i tried making starter many times and every time about a week in after doubling it dies :/ is it my tap water?
It’s confuse... how much of water, flour and starter goes? Please?
Why don't you mention the ratio of active starter/water/flour you use once it's established?
are you in the UK, chef? Check out aircookforyou.com where you can share recipes, advertise your meals and turn your passion into income!
Whats the name of that iron tool with the wooden handle (3:56) ?
how do you prevent the burning on the bottom?
If I start in the morning...can it proof and be baked later in the afternoon? Do I HAVE to proof in the fridge for best results?
What hydration is the dough used for this video?
Has anyone done a baking test showing the results of using commercial yeast vs. homemade starter yeast? I'd be interested to see if there really is a noticeable difference. Perhaps have a blind comparison so that those judging the two loaves won't be told which loaf used the commercial yeast.
My starter is triple size, has a nice smell but does not flow. Can I use it to make bread?
Do the baking time change if you do not use a dutch oven?
Help! After 20min my bread is still super pale not brown like yours at all what am I doing wrong?
Bruh, did I just watch a 10 minute video on how to make avacado toast?
What's the best way to bake without Dutch Oven?
I have a question isn’t white flour fattening is it better to use all whole wheat flour?
Hi, thank you for the video. can I ask some questions: If you underfeed? Yeast may die right?
what if you overfeed? There may be lesser yeast molecules compared to flour molecules, that you may think there is not much going on.
What if the water is more or less?
Why do I have bubbles (yeast) but the level of dough does not rise?
What if the dough gets sour enough that a little fly is hovering around? Would it not be unhealthy to consume? It does smell "sourer than sour"....
After 2 full weeks of patient feeding twice a day, if I have a lot of bubbles - without the rise - and I try to float it on water, it does not float. It sinks down inside. Why!??
If my yeast does not float, how can I fix it and get it to float?
Can you  please help? Thanks!
We make bread almost the same way.  Marry me? ❤️😃
What happens if you don't slap the dough and just knead?
can i still make sourdough bread without a dutch oven or a cast iron?
Are you not measuring? I made your bread yesterday just copying what you did it turned out good but I making it again today! I didn’t know the measurements
Why did the intro have me emotional? :’)
Something is going wrong for me - my starter floats, I do a 1:2:3 ratio with 30% whole grain, ferment over night for 15 hours, my dough pillow just doesn't get all airy and puffy like yours. This is my third try and I see that other people leave their dough to "proof" outside of the fridge for 3-4 hours, should I try that after the slap and fold?
Hey :)  in the slap and fold, my dough is way too sticky to manipulate, how do you manage to make it corporate??
don't you guys have to get rid of chametz before passover? I thought sourdough would be chametz so what do you do with your starter at that time?
Is it possible to make leavening agent like sourdough starter out of just rice flour and water only?? And then use that particular one for making wheat bread??
Do you know what sourdough is thinking when you are slapping it ? - Slap me harder daddy ! Hahaha, Nice video!
no cheese??? and you let the yolk run out all over the place? the fucks wrong with you????????????????????????????????
Who picked the music?
is there such a thing as the starter smelling to moldy?
would i still be able to make sourdough only with all purpose flour?
Q1 - Do I need to put sourdough starter in the fridge if I use every day?
Q2 - Do I still need to discard half of it after 5 days? or just feed it the same amount of what I have used that day?
no yeast, right? just the starter
How many hours before you sliced into it?😀
Hello, when you prepare the starter from a piece of bread. Do you have to constantly put the same amount of water and flour over the course of the days or you can put less flour and less water in the last few days, I'd love to hear from you. Thanks
How do you know how much flour and water to use?!?! Also this loaf is burned on the bottom :/
Where's john and hank green
amazing video and recipe, but please, oh please could i come over to clean the oven???
Still too thick and dense. How does one create very large air pockets and bubbles? What is the right process to get starter yeast at maximum strength and what would the flour/water ratio be?
Hi guys ☺️ can any one please tell me what size Dutch oven is being used for the sourdough . Looking forward to all your replies. Vanessa
and no recipe??  hahaha..   u bread looks sooo damn great!!!!!   i bet it is very tasty!!!
How much flour you put in that while stretching & fold
Hi. Thanks for the video. I have a question. Before slap and fold, How much time must pass to star with fold? Sorry about my bad english
That bread looks fabulous and starting my starter as soon as I stop texting this. You need to season your dutch oven? Or was that burnt flour and or oil?
So I'd like to ask, some people let it ferment in fridge some in room temperature, what's the difference?
I notice that you don't weigh your ingredients. Have you simply gotten a feel of how much you need? Or do you find that it's just unnecessary?
Question: Doesn't autolyse take a lot longer, and aren't you just hydrating the flower in those first 30 minutes worth of rest?
Do you use whole grain white flour as 2/3 of the flour in your recipe?
Do you absolutely have to have a starter sourdough? Can't you just mix water and flower. And let it stand on the table for 5 days so it develops it's own yeast. And then bake it?
What's the size of that dutch oven?
I only have a small oven stand alone. Please tell me i can make this ? does this need air flow...dont understand the steam he talks about
Love your videos- I have tried it and continue to get my dough stuck to the towel- the consistency looks like yours and I flour the surface...any tips- can I use plastic wrap or something between the towel and the dough?
I love the idea of making sourdough bread but I am terrible at estimating quantities. Do you have am actual recipe for your bread . Thanks a lot for your videos.
ohhhhhhhh.... I've never mixed my starter in a metal bowl,  heard the metallic surface can effect the rising process, thoughts?
How much starter do you use in one loaf of bread? ... I have so much active starter!!! - should I do scallion pancakes with all the starter I have ? I’m not the type to throw any out ... what is a safe thing to do with this starter?
Love this! I'm so glad I found your channel. It keeps inspiring me to learn more about fermentation! So I have a question about the bread, can I use gluten free flour to make sourdough?
Water to starter ratio, to start?
Have you tried with jovial flour?
Autolyse..... self cut?
Is it weird I look more forward towards dreaming about bread than dreaming about sex?
My bread came out heavy, doughy, and barely risen from the oven, and when I cut it open it was just a thick mass. Could it be that my starter wasn't ready for use? Did I use to much flour? I don't know.
Surely the slapping on the counter destroys the air pockets?
what to do if i test my starter and it sinks
what kind of pot is he using to bake the bread
Hi, Mike...why add the salt after the autolyse rather than at the beginning?  Adding the salt at the beginning would seemingly distribute the salt more evenly.  Thanks!
What is the reason this bread had much smaller air pockets in comparison to your other sourdough video?
Hey BGE! love the video. how exactly do you feed your starter? I know there are lots of videos out there but im especially interested in your processs.
What if the starter is all thick and bubbly but doesn't float?
Can you use any flour for your starter?
What's the recipe and ingredients. I'm not finding it
can you use rye or whole wheat as starter organism?
Also I want to ask if kamut flour would work the same way as white flour in forming gluten?
I really like the way the art of bread making was presented. I understood all the instructions except the part where the bed pillow is placed in the fridge. I dont understand how a bread could rise in cold and not in heat? There is something I am missing here, and if you could help me I would appreciate it.
Okay so when I make my dough in the beginning  it seems to just seriously stick to my hands and I don't fully know why it does this so bad? Any ideas?
Do you measure your flour and water at all?
What is starter? Is it the American version of yeast..?
Please help me understand okay so 2/3 flour mixture to 1/3  water right? Thank you dear
did you let it rest again after the slap and fold?
A lot to read in your Web just to get the measurements!! 😥 Why you didn't give them on the video?
Is it normal to get turned on during stuff like this?
Song name? ( Not the Kevin McLeod, the second piano one?)
And I think the initial dough looks so sticky. Should I use less water?
But can I actually add other ingredient, such as eggs or milk?
What is the rest between two techniques at 4:00 ? thanks for the answer
so the starter is just flour and water..but then you put in a container right and leave it alone for how long?? at room temper yes?
After your slap and fold how long are you letting it rest before your stretch and folds? About 10 minutes?
Am I the only one who thinks the dough looks kinda cute when he puts the cloth on it?  It looks like a little baby.
Who's watching this while eating sourdough bread?
Did you cook the bread at 500 for 20 then lower it?
Did you skip the bulk fermentation stage?
Hey! I LOVED this video. I just put sourdough starter on top of my fridge last night and gonna feed it for a week and hope to get it going and then gonna make it!!! So excited! BUT i have a question. How and when would you add seeds or sprouted seeds if you'd want to (i like some crunch in my bread). Or raisins? Is it possible? Hope you can answer this.
are those temperatures in °F?
what about whole grain flour instead of white flour?
Why does my dough stay sticky? I let it sit for 2 hours and after folding it it started it get really sticky.
mike how often i have to fed the sour starter? once a day? an hour a day?
Hola. I dont have a DO. I have a convection microwave and the highest is 450°. Should I extend the baking 5, 6, 10 more minutes? thx guys
Can you keep yeast in a plastic container?
by degrees you mean fahrenheight or celsius?
I mixed flour and water but nothing happened! How much should I wait?
extremely awesome, but... how can we know how much flour to add? you kept putting in spoonfuls of different flours, and it was the perfect amount... how did you know?
when feeding ur starter u dont discard some part of it ?
What are the benefits of fermentation once the bread has been baked? Isn't the yeast and bacteria are dead by then?
How do you keep the dough from sticking to EVERYTHING ❓
would you mind putting up the estimated ratios for sourdough, flour, water and salt?
I'm curious, what size dutch oven is that? 4 Quart?  thanks
Did I miss something here? I know it's a 'no recipe' bread but you still have to have the right ratio of flour to water and the amount of starter to go with it. Otherwise you can't possibly get the dough right.
Sourdough is the best! Do you know if it's possible to make this gluten free? Or do you need the gluten to help build the structure?
Do you refrigerate the starter?
Has anyone used buckwheat flour for yeast fermentation?
How long can I proof the dough in the fridge? Say I put it in tonight at 10, and then start baking at around 4 the next day when I get home from school? That would be ~18 hours in the fridge.  Edit: Yeah you can
and then the gluten free dickheads ask for gf option
Great video - what's that piano piece in the background??
What happens if your bread fails to proof successfully?  Can you still bake it, throw it out, start all over again?
I only had little bubbles, and I used it, now I am thinking, if I made a mistake, and should have waited for those large-ass bubbles (pardon my French)
i already did some breads but i always did them with instant yeast last week i did a sourdoughstarter but it turned into vinegar xD what did i wrong
Why do you bake the bread inside a pan?
what is the name of the classical music used in this video? it does t appear to be listed in the info unless he's citing incompetech... just curious.
Do you guys have a video on how to make your own sourdough starter? If you do please reply with link. Cheers awesome bread.
Can someone please give me a link to the music used in this video. I checked the description but that is a different track.
is it wrong to leave it at room temperature instead of fridge? thanks a lot.
is it wrong to leave it at room temperature instead of fridge? thanks a lot.
dude, how can you toast such a fresh, soft and beautfiul slice of bread?! :) I'd understand it 3 days after baking, but that? My heart bleeds ;( anyway, great vid! I hope my sourdough starter would ever mature like that, you could see it only from the image that it has more live in it than many yeast-based doughs
What's the measurement?
my sourdough starter is not floating, what have I done wrong? its bubbling and smelling sour...
I don't think that I added enough water, can you give me more of a cup measurement?
Where can i find a man can make decent sourdough bread?
that was actually Crazy Beautiful what do you do if you knead your bread and it just feels really hard of course I used all hard red wheat😆
How long do you wait after the slap and fold? The video shows you putting a towel over the dough, but you don't say how long to let it t sit.
What is the song at 1:30?
what flours would you suggest for someone who is trying to be gluten free?
My bread doesn't rise. I've tried twice, and both times it comes out of the oven like a brick. Any ideas, guys?
Does the starter have to float? Mine turned out more liquidy and sank straight to the bottom.
My starter doesn't float. Any ideas?
Whats the cooking temperature for the first bake, when youre rising it?
Yummy!  Exactly what I was looking for to start baking my own bread 🍞.  I know I know it says no recipe but could you tell us the apprx qty (in weight preferably) of starter,  water and flour plzzz?  Thx.
how do you know how much of the sourdough starter to use?
have you read tartine bread by chad robertson?
So making the starter only requires equal parts water and Floor? Nothing else?
I am not getting any oven spring and about 1/2 the air pockets, any ideas ?
Roughly how much starter should I be using per loaf..? :o Perhaps in terms of grams?
For the sake of us that are new to sourdough baking, could you at least give us a hint as  to what the proportions of the ingredients should be? You looked as if you didn't use much  starter --maybe 1/4 cup? and you didn't mention anything about a ratio of water to flour...what are we aiming for?
You do not add any sugar to your dough? Why? That is a little unusual.
awesome dudes! How much time do you wait between the first few steps (slapping, stretching, folding like a letter, then rolling it tight?)
do the dough-pillow need to be temperature after it has been in thre fridge for 14 hours before you put it in the hot dutch own?
but but its a living thing, why did you slap it? :(
question...you use your starter directly (taking out of the jar and using it to make the dought). Why don't you make a levain over the night and then make the dough?
can some one please tell me if I'm making two loaves when do i divide the dough. Is it after the sitting on the countertop or after sitting in the fridge?
I'm new to using starters. How long after feeding the starter in your video did you use it? Also, do you keep your starter in the fridge or room temp always?
On 4:00 you switch from "slap and fold" to "stretch and fold" and it seems like you let the dough rest. Is it right? If yes, for how long?
Video not good for someone that has never baked anything EVER. I don't know what starter is, how do I get that? Well moving on to another video.
Umm don't know which I enjoy more, the selection of music or the nicely done video!
Why the hell is it gray!!😨😫
How much water do you use?
just pulled mine out of the oven and I have to leave the house to keep from cutting into this bad mother!  it's resting on a cooling rack and sounds like rice crispies... can anyone explain or tell if that is normal or not?
The starter - just flour and water? The yeast will come on its own??  How long do you need to let your start sits? Am I looking at couple hours or couple weeks?
So what's the technique behind? I make my bread very precise, to be honest, but I'd like to know how to make it by feel. Yet, I don't even have a starting point. Is anyone able to help?
How do you store the starter?
Can u try to make Taco Bell's empanadas
Ive nitice the food poccessor you use in other vids is real nice, i know its nit used in this vid, but figured you might respond on your earliest vid, anyways i like it and was just wondering what brand and version it is, thanks
Hey guys, just an idea, how about debunking street tacos and food truck recipes. I just had the best street tacos and tamales. Just a thought.
Thought this was gluten free
cornmeal on the bottom of the dutch? to help with the removal?
Am i part of a cult now?
What do you feed the started? Just more flour?
Can you guys do a vid about cast iron(carbon steel) cooking and maintenance
How much of your starter do you use?
What do you guys think about bread makers? Are they a good kitchen tool or just lazy?
im on a candida diet and was wondering if i can use a different type of flour such as almond or coconut flour?
Is the starter the same thing you use to make taphi?
I noticed that some recipes online call for a starter and one of those yeast packages. Does letting it sit in the fridge overnight replace the yeast package?
Awesome video... Can't wait to try it!!! Question though, how much water roughly?
Hi! Love this video, What did you do that makes this a sour dough bread as oppose to just regular bread?
I don't understand, wouldn't slapping the dough have the same effect as kneading it? I would imagine the air would escape if you slapped it out of the dough.
oh man...their last name is Greenfield and not just Green?? my entire life is a lie...
Anyone else find this video to be really soothing at all? or is it just me?
Can you make a video about how store bread and other food ?  mine gets really quick bad :(
do you keep the starter in the fridge? how long until it starts fermenting and bubbling like that and giving a good flavor?
Why would you ruin it by toasting it? It was perfect before that.
@Brozhers Green Eats Can i add seeds and course ground spices to the dough?  Love ur videos, greetings from Germany!
What do you feed the starter everyday, more flour, or some sugar? Do you leave it open, or how does it start to "activate"?  How many days until you can use the starter?
so many steps... cant you just make a no kned over night bread with sour dough?
I don't understand, how could you make bread without yeast?
How to make....? Then (no recipe)!!!
how to take a shit by feel (no recipe)
you made this looks like an art, not a cooking video...  or is it just me who got hungry after seeing an art like this :v
Why do I find this video so funny?😂
ohmygod that looks so delicious, but ive never tasted sourdough bread before... can you make a video on meals that you can make with sourdough bread?
