Wish I knew the name of the first dye?
How did you get the more 3D effect in the bottom piece of wood at 11:00?
I love it when I find a video that answers my exact question in the title, and provides a good explanation of the process!
Would any of this work on an outdoor fence of treated wood?
Can you epoxy resin over the dyed shou sugi ban?
Im making a coffee table and planning on doing the deep char and then brushing to get the better color. Generally like you said, this isnt the best way for a table sense you can feel the grain pattern. But instead of using poly to finish it, how good would a clear epoxy do? Wouldn't the epoxy help fill in the height difference of the grain giving a much smoother surface?
Have you tried milk paint? I wonder how it would look either wiping off or using a thin consistency?
chalk paint sirve?
Hey thank you so much! I'm a disabled vet and started woodworking to help my PTSD. I have a question.. I'm looking at the stains from Woodcraft and they are normal colors not vibrant colors.  Where can I find the vibrant colors and how about the Gel stain and glaze at Woodcraft? They look really bright.. Thanks in advance!!
My question would be how do you get all the char off so that you can stain it without it getting black on your hands and into the dye-stain? Am I maybe just not sanding enough? Or not brushing it off enough?  It started to rain here and us getting dark so I'm done for the day but I guess tomorrow I'll have to get back to I and try again.  Love your work and these videos, thank you for this.
How did you get the blue that is the cover for video #3
What kind of wood was used?
Hey there, do you think a full char & Enduro var on top would hold up in the exterior elements? I'm considering using these beams I have (that I purchased, but didn't use in an interior rehab) to make outdoor benches. So I'm trying to see how I can make a non-pressure-treated beam have some last-ability outside. I wonder how many years I could get out of doing this method to it.
Are water based polyurathane ok to use for outdoor projects? Or should I use an oil based for weather purposes?
We did our front porch and unfortunately, it peeled and the burned wood kinda got lighter . We do have very hot summer and cold winter. And i think the rain this year made it worse . Any tips on fixing it? What stains and seals should we use?
Does the top coat level out the peaks and valleys, like if you wanted the look of the full char but also wanted a flat surface for a tabletop?
What about rit dye and dissolving it in acetone and wiping it on?
Have you tried staining red or white cedar that's shou sugi ban? How does it take if so? I want to create grey shou sugi ban cedar shutters. I have worked with pine, but can't seem to find information on how cedar takes grey stains, much less shou sugi ban cedar.  For an exterior project, for a wood like cedar, would you seal after staining over the shou sugi ban burn, or leave as is? If so, what type of sealant? Thanks!!
Hi! I’m a fellow wood maker and I want to ask you something. Is there any way I can contact you?   Great work! Thanks in advance
When dying or staining a larger area such as an outdoor shed can the dye or stain be applied by spray gun and do I still need to wipe off as I will be applying a much lighter coat or coats, ???....  Great videos direct with information not overcomplicating things or taking 20 mins waffling about stuff we don't need to hear 👍
What stain + color did you use for the burnt wood in your thumbnail?
Is dyed SSB still waterproof?
What kind of stain brand  do you recommend to use on shou sugi ban
Was that 1st piece of wood a burnt piece? as in not just a surface burn? How did you get it to keep the wood color with such a dark grain?
What topcoat did you apply on the full charr, didn't hear what was that black tin of clear coat?
Great videos! Do you find that charring the wood keeps the dyes from soaking into the wood as much as they would on non charred wood?
Probably a stupid question.  Where adding stain to charred wood, do you need to change the texture of the wood?
I like the look of the brushed process but unsure how it would workout for a computer desk anyway process to then make it flat?
How do you get the yellow and orange look? Like the first piece you see when the video pops up.
After wood burning a tabletop do you sand it at all before you polyurethane it? the tabletop is already sanded before the burning
How do you think this could look on stair hand railing and the stringer
You do amazing work would you please do a wood gun stock before I jack my stock up I want to see how you do one
Hi  Just seen your fab videos im looking to do the same, but on a bench outside, well under  a polycarbonate roof, may still get get wet from rain, is it ok to sit on would the finishes get onto your cloths . thanks Brian.
What is the name of the red water based tim you used? Thanks.
What were you using @ 12:34 on the charred wood, please?
Hey! Thanks for this series. I am wanting to make a frame with the shou sugi ban technique on cedar, but am wondering if I do the burn before or after glueing?
How do you keep the grain so black? Cant seem to figure it out. Thanks for the videos.
I am curious if anyone knows with a fully charred board, without scraping or brushing off any char, how can I preserve that to be strong enough for a bench top without having it flake off from people sitting on it? Im not sure a couple coats of clear coat will be hard enough.  Any suggestions would be appreciated!    Great videos!  Thank you for taking the time to share your knowledge.
Is this stain a .. water liquid .. or .. oil liquid . Thank you
What do you recommend for a clear durable brush on top coat for say...white Shou Sugi Ban? On GF's website they say in a video not to use ENURO-VAR or in this case the ENURO-VAR II (New) over light colors like white paints because it has an amber tone.
@Inspire Woodcraft  like so many others, I really enjoyed the 4 videos and you do an excellent job explaining the process and results based on your experience.   How does the shou sugi ban technique work when paired with the steel wool & vinegar stain technique?  Also asked this question in an email just in case you are not so checking the comments from a 2 year old video.
Does the smell of burnt wood stay?  It’s beautiful looking but concerned about the smell of burnt wood.
Would you use a top coat if you were going to epoxy the surface? Or just epoxy (bar table stuff)?
I'm hoping your many of your tips and ideas work for my lower kitchen cabinets in blue.  I want to bring out the wood grain pattern then use some type of topcoat.  For the top cabinets either in white or honey gold finish.  I've seen white and blue for kitchens just never really get to see the grain.  Thanks for your videos. After thought question.  Can I use a oil base finish on top of an water base stain?  Using all Minwax products.  Or do I need to find an oil base blue stain from Minwax with an oil base finish.  Working with different chemicals I don't want to cause health issues and/or bad fumes.  Thank you sir for your time.
Hey bro, have a question for ya. Ok, so I'm making a river table using a pretty light colored slab of bettle kill white pine so I'm hoping for a kind of 4 color shade effect. (Thanks for your videos btw, I enjoy them) I was wondering, if it was you, how deep of a burn would you do if it was you? I'll be finishing it off with an epoxy flood coat. Resin color will either be blue or clear. I have a ton of polished tiger's eye stones I was considering adding if I go the clear route. I've done a practice price and wasn't totally happy with it. Maybe I'm doing something wrong for this particular wood type. IDK. I can share pics with you of the wood in this Facebook link here. Any advice is appreciated man. Thanks. Here's the link.. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=212834340521641&id=100053852297526
Hey I was try to find the general finishs stain here but all they have is gel stain would that work the same   Thanks again for the most awesome vids
Can do a pre conditioning stain before charring to prevent blotches? Or is there a pre seal method prior to char?
Not bad! just out of curiosity tho... is that a proud boy tat??
Gave it my first try. Sorry if I missed this info in one of these videos, but wondering if you can help: Did the deep burn and brushing, very textured. Used varathane blue oil stain. Some areas wouldn't take the stain at all, so I have 3 colors. Natural, black and blue. Not blotchy though, stripes. Looks cool, but also want to be able to do just black and blue. Any idea which stage(s) I need to adjust? If so, how? Thanks!
Have you (Or anyone else) tried using a pre stain wood conditioner before you stain to see if that helps with uniformity? Thanks!
Hi Jody, out of curiosity have you tried a pre-stain first?. Also using the Spray Polyacrylic on say a Chared piece, can you follow up after it drys with brush on Poly?... Just wondering.
i want to make a cigar box and finish it that way..  im not sure if i should build the box first and then burn and colour it or burn and colour all the pieces then cut them to size and make the box  ..  i suppose that sounds like a silly question but ive watched a few of your videos and you only demonstrate individual pieces of wood and nothing that is assembled..  love your vids and the finish looks incredible
Great video, nice work. Ever use a prestain? Wondering if it makes a difference on this type of finish.
So far these techniques appear to be solely focused on face grain. What are the techniques to handle edge grain and end grain? I fear that the edge grain will just look like a red (insert any color here) paint stripe down both sides. I have no idea what to expect on end grain colors. Cheers.
Hey i know this is an old post im having problems with a project.. do u have instagram or anything i can talk to you through? My color is sticking so hard on the would its almost like just paint.. cant see any grain at all even tho i wipe hard seconds after applying.. i have tgat varathain stuff or whatever its called... carbon gray.. can that color be too dark for what i want?
I am curious if I was doing a large piece would you glue it after you burn? I tried it on a pre glued piece and it seems to split. Thanks for any help
I cant see the stain you used for the first piece of wood you stained, like an amber color, can you please tell me the color and the brand you used, thank you.
Ummm.. Do you NOT mix any of your stains? Unless you just edited that out. Looks like you just open the cans and go to town! LOL!  Great video other wise.
One other question - I was looking into this further, and thinking about just finishing with linseed oil.  If I do this, will the wood be more flammable?  There are no issues with the grill being close to the wood as I'm building it, but wondering if the oil will cause issues after dried.
I really enjoy all your videos.  You do a great job explaining things to us first-time woodworkers.  I'm building a grill table for my Weber kettle grill to fit into and have used prime 2x6s for the tabletop.  I'm considering Shou Sugi Ban for just the tabletop and have a few questions.  There are some unnatural flaws in the wood.  Should I sand the top to remove those before burning, etc.?  Also, since the table is built, do you have any tips for shielding pieces that connect to the top, such as the legs, etc. from the burn process?  I'm also looking for a more reddish, natural stain, but am thinking of using the same stain on the unburned pieces as well...any suggestions?
Hi I’m from the uk 🇬🇧 and having trouble finding the water base colour dye paint wondering if you could send me some pic of the paint or the pots you use so I could track them down over here pls help I’ve been looking for the last week with no success help
Will this process stand up as flooring?
For some reason my charred areas are not staying black after the stain, any tips? Thank you!
9:42 😄 guess I'll be using a stain  12:00 epoxy glaze a charred piece if you want flat. The torch helps epoxy lay flat and release bubbles.  I plan on doing a charred bass guitar on a multipiece laminate. But the back of the neck and wear areas will have colour and the rest hard charring and epoxy
Have you considered using a pre-stain wood conditioner or mineral spirits to prevent blotchiness?
Great video btw, I've tried this technique today and got a lovely char and then went over with a rotary plastic brush to take the char off. My question is that without sanding individual spots how do you get the vivid ups and downs? I used the edge of an orbital sander and it was very tiresome. Thanks in advance
Can you paint it instead of staining it?
Great Videos! Can you tell us the brand of liquid dye you held up in the video, ? Thanks and keep them coming
Great series! Have you ever tried a wax finish? Briwax?
I like the way the Varathane looks before you wipe it off.... Darker red, do we have to wipe it
Can you please tell me the product you've used to get a very deep red on a deep char?
Maybe I missed it but what was the name of the first dye used.
How does boiled lindseed oil oil do on a full burn and brush?
If I were to make a box using this method,  would I do each piece individually then assemble or make the box then burn?
So does the clear coat over the full char without brushing hold up .? I mean is the wood not have layer of black dust .great channel
Great video,  question do u sand the wood before you burn it?
Hey there great videos man! If I was doing a coffee table that was burnt, brushed and then burnt Again for that black color, would I have a good result with water based poly sprayed through an HVLP gun? Would it seal it enough I wonder? I want a ninja black table without staining!
have you tried mixing water based stain with wb dye to get different color combos?
Can you show us some of the things you have made out of the Shou Sugi Ban wood?  We have enjoyed all your videos you are a great teacher!
the red stain vs what you called the pink stain?  looked about the same to me.  maybe its the camera or just me  idk.  I love the red stain look.
Sorry  man Are these colors compatible with  epoxi resin?
Thanks again for another great video 👍 Any recommendations as to where to get the stain/dye? Box stores tend to be hit and miss from my experience.
I agree with you on liking the fully charred but even with a top coat or 10 it's still going to be delicate is it not?  With a few coats of clear on top of basically ash I can see where the charred wood will have it's limitations (like a coffee table top).
What timber are you using? We here in Australia have Radiata Pine, I think similar to your Douglas Fir. There seems to be too much moisture which affects the burning then subsequent dyes.  Any ideas?
Have you ever tried Rit fabric dye on the wood?
Have you ever coated the finished wood with epoxy?
Complex question for larger projects leaving full burn can you spray the heavier clear coat and get a similar response (e.g. exterior of a cabin)? I am wanting the pros of burn and bug resistance as well as the more solid color...ideas? Thx, I am loving the series!
On the last black piece:  Do you just char it with no brushing at all?  What sealer did you use on it?
Newbie question, can you apply lacquer on top of a non-stained lightly charred and sanded piece?
I don’t understand.  What is the different between dye and stain????
I finished my hand made kitchen countertop and cabinets with this technique and it came out amazing, i was wondering in your opinion what would be the most durable top coat that i can put on my countertop?
@Inspire Woodcraft Is it possible to finish/stain/polyurethane a piece done the "proper way" so that you get a smooth finish? IE have you ever put multiple coats of urethane or shellac over a piece, so that you have a nice smooth surface that can be written on like a desk? You mentioned in 1 of your videos that surface burning is better for a writing surface... but I think you're right, it doesn't look as good. Is it possible to put many top coats on it and then and it smooth after? Maybe it's easier with Epoxy, but it's also a lot more steps and pricey.
What about raising the grain? With water or other means. Where does that come in, or does it.
Can you tell me the color of the first dye you used?
Could i do this on a lathe?
I have a question. Im looking at building a corner unit desk with the desktop made of small sections of deep burn and alternating colors. Then covering it with a epoxy pour to level it all out. What im trying to figure out is how to minimize or eliminate the cupping and warping once the burn is done. Any suggestions. ?  I thought about preassembling the desk to reduce warp, but then I'd be limited on color and bleeding issues. Thoughts?
The texture on the full char is beautiful but wouldn't that be a dust strap? is there some kind of product that would make cleaning easier or prevent the accumulation of dust?
Any recommendations on how to utilize the full charred look without scraping?  I really like the alligator look but i find it indents too easily or scrapes off from wear and tear.
Do you prefer the water based wood dies or the stain?
Awesome job :) do you suggest to burn the wood before putting together the project or after? I was thinking before , but I could be wrong
What would you use to get a shine on a piece after dye???
Have you applied this technique to wooden hand tools? I'm curious to know if the burning might cause a weakness or premature failure of the handle. Greats info here. Thanks for sharing
Quick question... I used this tutorial to refinish an outdoor table; it looks amazing; but now how can I waterproof it for outdoor use? I've previously used oil based polyurethane for outdoor projects, but since this isn't a smooth surface, I don't think I would be able to adequately sand it between coats. & I think it may yellow over time, discoloring the blue dye i used. Anyone have advice for me?
Awesome info. Btw, i`m in a need of some help: A friend wants me to help him piro some planets on a future coffee table, and after wants to paint over gold, and the rest of it black....(he said PAINT, not stains or lacquer). I suggested using dark brown/black stain on the table (wenge i guess works best), but... i told him that using paint over the piro would not make sense since it will actually cover it up.. (his idea was that my piro would "carve" in to the wood deep enough to leave something for the paint to fill and then wipe the excess). So, my question is: Does using some kind of yellow stain over the pyro lines give any effects? or is it pointless? (Sorry for the long post, but i wanted to put the backstory in here so that you can understand why would i want to give an color tent to the piro lines) Ty in advance
Can i ask you what kind of coat are you using for the charred wood at the end of the video? Thanks in advance! :)
Hi to all..I have a question...Can this techique be applied in MDF?
Hi there! All of these videos were so helpful. I'm completely new to this. Have you ever added Linseed Oil to seal a full piece of charred wood? What would be the best method for a kitchen tabletop? Thanks!
This is a great video, thanks a lot! I’m just wondering what technique would you use to wipe off large areas - e.g. when doing a floor?
For doing a table top would you glue the boards together before or after burning the wood?
Dude you don't seem like a tweaker, but you video editing is so tweaker! Do you just talk for hours and cut it apart? Try a script, this video made me wonder if I was nodding out though your video and I am sober.
Hi, love your videos! Could you recommend something similar to the general finishes enduro-var for top coating a completely charred unbrushed surface for exterior usage? Or should I just use the Enduro-var and then an extra coat of an exterior rated finish? Thanks!!!!
Is that spezial color where u take for the shou suki ban???
What would happen if you used various brushes on the full-char piece? Same as the char but you would lose a lot more surface height?
Hey good videos! my question is I am building a queen size bed with floating night stands and the be itself will give a floating effect but I am doing it all in shou sugi ban. I got yellow pine and most or the majority of the bed and nightstands are 2x12's. I have planed all the wood already and was wanting to know if I should sand the wood with 80 to 120 to 220 then burn it and got the multi surface tool to use after the char, and was going to stain it (I like the blue/black and saw one that is orange-reddish/blue-yellow) how do you do the colors and is stain/dye/or the thick stain. Sorry got off track but question is:-How do you achieve the different color look? stain or dye or thick stain?-also should I sand before or after doing the burning effect?Thank you
What? No link for the dyes?
Hi Jody. I have watched this video a few times and have to ask: the piece of wood that you are showing at 8:57, how did you get that strong 3D effect? Was it from the way you stained it or was it the burning process, and if the latter, was it a charred burn and then your flap-style nylon brush?
If you find yourself in a street fight, do you recommend the use of the shou sugi ban technique on the aggressor's face?   It seems like it would be pretty effective and fun at the same time!
Question People are telling me that I can not Flame  Burn Treat my Maple Wooden Baseball Bats that Maple wood will not take the flame treatment.? what is your Take & experience burning any Maple wood & will it worl on my Bats for me.? thanks again etc.
It’s already sanded by the way?
If I just do a light burn can I do it if I already have my boards glued together? I realize there’s risk but have you tried it? Thanks for anyone who responds
If you clear over that gator/full char do you loose that glow that the raw finish has?
What brand of that orange can your holding up on Stain may I ask.? thank you for sharing nice work you do etc.
Can you tell me what  the name is of the orange stain you used on that scrape piece of wood? I just found your videos and love that color... you do nice work man
When I burned the wood to where it starts to crack, the brushed it off, it left the grain raised considerably? Is this just part of the look people like? I agree it helped define the stain or wood dye but I didn't like the rough feel?
Man I was trying out some samples and getting some crazy cupping with some 1X's,is that normal? I'm using steel brushes but can't get them brushed enough to get a nice contrast. Maybe it's the stain? I have several varathane stains I'm practicing with
What types of projects do you make with the burned wood? Is it for maybe a wall decor?
Perhaps for a project idea do a US flag?
If I was to use a dye, after letting dry can I lacquer to protect the wood from saltwater?
My roommate and I just finished building a pine table. It’s a beast and very beautiful but at this point it’s just raw wood. This technique looks awesome and we’re also considering just sanding and staining, but we’re not quite sure what would look best. If I send pictures or a video of the table would you consider suggesting a direction for our finishing? Love the channel and would be stoked to get your advise if you have the time.
Do you ever use Teak oil to top coat?
Great info, is there a part 5?
Have you tried this on poplar before?  If so, how did it turn out?
So softer bristles will get you darker shades of the same color because your not exposing the softer wood as much than you would with harder bristle brushes? Can you do a video on applying top Coates with lacquer and so on? I subscribed.
What happens if you color/dye the wood before you char it ?
Jodi, I just Poly'd my projects and are Sweet! Question, have you ever Polished/Buffed your projects? if so can you give me tips what to use and how long I should wait? Thanks .... Learning Pest Here🤣
You ever get warped wood after charring? is there a way to minimize this?
I would like to know if you have tried using this technique with Cedar, and do you think it would work well?
Have you trued Food Coloring?
Hi,  thank you for the work you put into these great videos. I have a question I hope you can help me, I have a wood gate that I want to do shou sugi ban but it has old varnish on it, do you think I can do it anyway? just start burning it?. Thanks again.
Hi there :)   I am wondering what you think would be best for an outdoor application to be weather proof and also uv protected? I'm also looking for a wide range of colors .  Thank you!
What is the correct and safe way to dispose of potentially volatile stains / oils such as linseed?
What about using epoxy coating for the wood?
Would you recommend a top burn or a full burn for a rifle stock
Recently subbed so I’m not too familiar with past vids.  I’m intrigued by multi-colored stains on gun stocks or flat stock for that matter.  Guess my question is, are they individually applied using smaller brushes and if so how does one control bleeding?
If you are doing an outdoor project like siding, decks or planter boxes does how much char you brush off effect its durability against bugs, rot and weathering?
Could the last one, full char, be used for flooring
Do you use other wood stains on brushed charred wood such as cherry, golden oak, dark walnut? Etc..
hi body i love all your proyects question can i use a diferent  wood for this techniques, like oak walnut mohagany
What would you think about a full char on a desk top? Would a few coats of the Enduro provide a hard enough finish to preserve the char through normal use or would an epoxy resin be required?
I thought about burning a drum. The material will be ply basswood. How much material will be lost to the char?
Do you ever sand with random orbital sander with any of the burns? If so what grit would you recommend? I don’t like mill marks in wood if no sanding would they disappear with burning? FYI awesome videos.
Hi. If I use pine wood it is necessary to use pre stain conditioner before you stain it? Burn, brush, pre stain, stain?    And other thing If I use untreated pine can I seal it with a water sealer before burning it?
Using the red barn verathane ,  how long did you let it sit before wiping it off?
Can that brush on clear coat at the end be used on exterior projects say a compost or garden bed safely? Great videos you got a new sub.
@Inspire Woodcraft:  can I use white stain to get a vivid black and white look? I am going to burn tomorrow a bunch of table pieces...
Just made my own little side table using the technique. It's really fun and looks amazing! Thank you for your videos. One question tho. I've used a water based dye. What is best to put over this to seal the wood better?
Great video! Thank you! ONE QUESTION: If I was going to char the wood and have the furniture outdoors (it will be a garden bed), would the enduro-var water based satin coat work for that or is there another product you would recommend for that?
Will adding a couple of coats of poly to the fully burnt piece prevent it from flaking and keeping that gater look intact?  Thanks
Thanks for the good video brother.  This stuff's harder than it looks.  I can't seem to make a good looking dark green for some reason and I've noticed that I haven't seen any of that color from you.  Does it not really work or is it just personal preference?
Have you tried pre staining or dying the wood before the burning?  Would a deep dye survive?
Love your videos! Question, can you give the wood a second stain if the colour is too pale? I’m working on my dining table, and the stain is not as bright as I like it to be
I've recently been rediscovering my love of doing woodworking and other projects, and started poking around youtube.  Stumbled across your videos yesterday, and insta-subscribed.  Good stuff.  Quick question on the full char..  How stable is the surface once you put a coat or two on it?  Would it stand up to any kind of traffic/handling, or should it be for things that don't actually have contact very often?
