I dont know what to do because my crank arm wont go on and i cant force it on
What do you do if the crank arm part becomes dethreaded?
i put my crank remover tool in but it is impossible to turn clockwise...what have I done wrong ?
I can only get my crank arms on half way. I put grease on but I still don't know if they're on far enough? How far do they need to be on?
My left crank arm bolt keeps unscrewing off when cycling? I’ve screw it in tight with 14mm wrench like in video. Should I use blue lock on the nut thread ?
How about grease on the spindle and the threads of the bolts?
I have a Swagtron EB-5 electric bike and it looks like a 3 piece crank. Is your method of removing the right crank the same for my electric bike?
It's not getting easy. Do you have any tip?
What if you don't have the tool?
Thanks for this! Question: I removed the crankset, installed new bottom Bracket. Reinstalling crankset seems an issue. I have more space than I can remember between the I side of both crank arms and the frame. I can actually see that spindle from the bottom Bracket. Am I missing a piece?? (and I'm pretty sure the BB is the correct size). Any advice?
Is the example crank considered 3 piece?
Why the fuck is it a 14mm? Who uses that? Standard is 8, 10, 13, 15, 17, 19, 22, 24...
What kind of crank puller are you using?
There is a grinding sound that comes when I pedal the right side in the sixth gear. What might be the problem?
I have been searching for a crank arm but can't find the exact shape of it?
Is it possible to take a crank arm from any bike and put it on another bike
Hey rj,  I'm looking to see where I can find a very large chainring like maybe 104 teeth or bigger. Any suggestions?
2:15 I'm finding lots of resistance, to the point where it seems like I can no longer turn the crank puller.  Any ideas?
What if your dust cap is stuck and snaps when you try to pry it off?
is there a way to take it off without the extractor?
what's  the name of that complicated what's  that called??
um what do do you call that tool you are holding at 3:25 ?
I tried this on an old road bike and just destroyed the aluminum threads, guess the crank arm was stuck too hard. What should i do now? Quit and give up?
What do I do if I don't have a crank puller?
Bike friend, one of my crank arms is damaged and needs to be replaced, can i salvage them from any other bike or will it be a pain to find the one my bike need?
What do i need to do to my bike? The nut keeps on getting loose eventhough i have thightened it.Any suggestions??
IS THE PULLER THE SAME SIZE?????ON ANY BIKE???
RJ I have a Salsa Voodoo MTB which has the self-removing type of crank arms. I have successfully removed the non drive side arm, but the drive side will not budge. Everything I see on youtube says that it should just fall right out with a little pressure or at most whacking it with a mallet (which I have done) but nothing. Am I doing something wrong? Is the spindle of this arm stuck in the BB? If so is there some trick to getting it loose? Please help me. Thanks in advance.
Would it work the same if it was a nut instead of a bolt?
what tool did you use to unscrew the bolt?
i have a standard beach cruiser and want to put gears on on the rear is that possible yeah or nah
what should be the ideal space between the Crank Arm and BB Frame ?
The drive side peddle arm is stripped is there a way to have it retreaded without buying a whole new crank sey
I have a cheap thruster fixed bike I got at Walmart.  Well the cross threaded the pedal and the left crank arm is stripped.  Cannibalism buy just the one side and do you have any idea what size I would need?  Are they pretty standard?
Is there any way to get this thing off without that tool? I got one arm off with a jaw puller but the drivetrain side is giving me hell.
I want to replace the Shimano Hollowtech II drive side crank arm to shorter length. Is it possible to tear the drive side crank arm apart from the chainring?
whats the name of the two tools he used?
Any advise for people that found out that the previous owner cross threaded that part of the crank and there is not enough thread left to thread on the crank puller? I don't wanna ruin the vintage Sugino Crank that I have just yet... If it's not already the case...  I can't service my bottom bracket...
How to do i put my cranks arm back on? Might wont go in.
should i apply a thin coat of anti seize on the square taper axle before i put the crank back in?
Plz, when you take off a bolt could you say clock or counter clock direction. It the big issue for pedals and cranks. thanks
i have a crankpuller but the diameter on the puller is to big how do i still get it off?
does this work on mountain bikes as well?
maybe it is fine or do i need a longer axle, like 116 mm.? the recommended 68-113..but it doesn't go all the way in till the axle end.. please let me know what is your experience.. thanks a lot.. Kevin
hi.. one thing is not clear to me.. the actual axle length is shorter..the crank arm doesn't go all the way till the axle end..i have like a 2 mm extra space to go all the way.. In other words the axle is shorter than the crank arm inside length, it doesn't go all the way in... Is it normal ?
how to i remove  a rusty one
