Should I cook on high flame please reply
Can onion removed?
i want to make white pulao but i have already cooked the rice. What to do ?
I need to know how much salt for this recipe, I don't see you adding salt on the video.
Madam.. but why U did not add chilly to the Pulav..  I like the way u explain...
Good explanation......i will definitely try this....just a request mam can u plz suggest the perfect combination of recipe ex.with this pulav what we can serve......
You didn't mention why is it very very important to soak the rice?
It should be cooked in medium heat or slow heat for 15 min?
Why are people criticising her for talking when she is explaining things in good detail to beginners.If you consider yourself an expert then don’t watch or comment or go make videos with less talking.
Dude why is she giving a lecture
is it 2.5 cups water for 1 cup rice??? that too basmati rice...after soaking  it for 20 mins??? are you sure? does it not become a paste?
but she didnt add ginger garlic paste n green chillies..den hw its a vegetable pulav????😒😒
Nice recipe but I believe the rice has to be measured before soaking it.. Correct me if I am wrong. 😊
why is it so important to soak the rice?
without adding any chilli will it be spicy???
how many people does this serve?
please can I talk less and show the recipe
Thank you mam... I am going to make Pulau  next week in my home...for 50 person so how much rice i needed for that?or is there any method to estimate quantity of rice per person?
Excellent preparation !!! there is no ginger-garlic , so is it intentionally ??
how are you accounting for the water absorbed by the rice?
why ginger and garlic paste is not added?
why ginger and garlic paste is not added?
What abt mint &/ corriander?...its important in simple pulao too...or am i wrong?
dude were is the salt?!!!
U didnt put any spice.. how will it taste??
U didnt put any spice.. how will it taste??
Can you please tell me what kind of Biryani Rice do you use? I have tried Tilda, Kohinoor and Royal. But neither one has such a long grain. Thank You!
Hi Sanjeev, Thanks for uploading such great recipes.  Don't we add any spice in pulao like haldi, dhaniya power.. Please clarify me?
Hi anupama.  If we cook in pressure cooker, then how many whistle should i take for the rice to get cooked ? Please reply,.  Thank u !
For this vegetable pulao can we usegeneral rice?????
u  have   boiled   the  vegetable?
Hello Sir! just wntd to knw if the ratio wuld remain the same if mkg it in cooker i.e 1:21/2 for veg pulao. Thks!
I don't understand, at this level how can chef don't bother to tied up their hairs. It's a matter of food and hygiene.
