Excellent video! I assume you can do the acid stain for the driveway also?
Great video but one question.  If you prefer a matt finish, is there a different sealer product or can that step be skipped. This is for a porch.
Hi, what would happen if you don't apply ammonia after staining?
What is the cost of the diy method? I had a company want close to $4k
Pete, I'm considering staining and sealing our concrete walkway to our front door, to closely match  a new paver patio.  We live at elevation where we get lots of rain and snow annually.  Do you know if the sealer is necessary?  If used, will it need to be stripped off for reapplication or simply cleaned and recoated?
How long does it last? Does it chip or peel?
How much would this cost
What temp is to hot for the sealer?
Two questions, 1, will this kill the plants I've got planted next to my patio?  And 2, my patio has broom marks and I noticed this is a smooth patio.  Any recommendations?
Pete, did you use a highlight color? I'm confused by the description, you said you used a highlight but didn't mention it in the video... Thanks.
Any advice on run off removal to keep pets from wherever it drains?
Do I have to use a sprayer?
What color are you putting on this proyect ?
My concrete was coated with Dry Lok to slow down the curing process. It’s like a thin membrane. I would have to remove that correct?
Should you etch it before the acid stain?
How long it take to dry
Did you have to do any etching first with muriatic acid?
Where did you buy the acid stain?
I notice some people just spray stain and then seal it whereas some spray stain and neutralize it with baking soda and scrub the stain and rinse with water before sealing it. Does both work?
What about the cracks what do you do for the cracks
Was your stain water base?
Nice video Pete!  Can you do the same to driveways or does it make them too slippery when they get wet/snow?
Is the finished product slippery when wet?    Would you be able to add some grit to the sealer and  achieve a safer walking surface?   I am looking to resurface a patio that is next to the pool, and will need to be safe for the kiddos.   Looks great, and thanks for the video.
If our house is brick do we need to tape it up regardless?
Is the surface slippery after sealing? Anything else needed for that?
When washing off stain. Is it ok if its poured down the storm drain?
Would this be ok for new concrete around a pool?  It doesn't make it slick, does it?
How slippery is it when wet? Looks great 👍
Hi Pete,  our concrete slab is smooth finished and has turned nearly black.  It has some neat variations and lighter areas and I was wondering if the concrete can still be acid stained with it being so dark already.  Thanks
why would you not fill the holes and cracks in the concrete first
Could you do this to a driveway?
Hi Pete, great video. Is there a way to acid wash concrete around a pool that won’t make it slippery? I have a feeling the final sealant will make it too slippery for a pool area. Any other ideas? Thanks!
Does that sealer make the concrete slippery when it's wet?
I used vegetable oil on my stamps as a releasing agent but now have some oil stuck in the concrete. Can I stain over that?
💥Great Video 💥 Question I have a 2 week  old new concrete slab, 24 ×18 , how log should I wait to stain the concrete,  or is it ok to apply now ?? Will you please answer 🙏thank you for your time
Why didn't you seal the cracks up first? The stain won't hide the cracks that well.
I live in the south, and my customer wants this style of floor for her outdoor porch. It is covered, right now our temps are 80-95. . .  does the floor need to stay wet as you are staining the first coat, and what kind of sealer have you used? I thought I saw someone using a water based clear sealer like a minwax type sealer. Yours was perfectly clear and very thin. Thanks
You appear to have a hand sprayer when applying from the pump sprayer but you never use it in the video.   What is its purpose?   It looks like full strength stain maybe in it?
No need for primer after cleaning/sanding?
Looks great!   Question:  What special measures should be used when applying process to property in tropical climate?
Looks good.  Can you do an acid stain on previously painted concrete...or should I just repaint?
Hi, can I do this on freshly laid concrete, let's say a week old?
My question is do i really need to rent a sending machine to make the floor rougher or  i can do it without?
and  can i use a water based acid stain or i need to use an oil base?
Would you put down a primer before staining?  We removed the carpet in the living room.   Also ran a floor maintainer and going to do a floor burnisher next...  Question is..  Do I prime before?  I see some do, some don't.   A concrete company told me not to worry about it
so you apply second coat and wait 8 hours and then pour ammonia?  I got hungry with the brats and didn't understand that part.
I wonder if this would work on soil cement?
Great video.  Question, does the pre-mist apply to water-based stains as well?
Do you have to etch the concrete before staining it?
We would really appreciate seeing a better shot of the finished floor to see the entire surface.
Do you have a nice dog? Can see marks/ indentations at 7.14. Great video thanks!
This is an awesome video Pete! Could you share some tips on doing this for inside the house? I just removed all my carpet from my house because of my kids allergies. I stumbled on you video and am hoping to stain my rooms and living room.
Will the runoff from this project kill nearby mature bushes and shrubs? Great and helpful video!
We're having a new patio poured. How long does the new concrete cure before we can acid stain?
Thanks for the great tutorial. I have a question about smoothing out the concrete. If you want some texture for grip on an entrance will the stain look ok if you don't smooth it out?
What kind of stain or concrete pigment is best if I want low to no maintenance?
Can you use a regular pump sprayer for the acid stain??
Will it be slippery if it gets wet once its sealed and dried?
This looks beautiful! Can you apply this to concrete foundation? I don’t want to paint my foundation because my neighbor did and his is chipping all over from using his weed eater to trim near the house. I can’t seem to find any foundation specific stain. Thanks!
can this be done on a "textured " pool deck? )( the type of deck with those lil holes in it?
Great video! Just wondering if you would recommend the same colors or what colors you would recommend for staining a driveway that doesn't show bird droppings, Tire rub marks, dust & dirt, Etc? Thanks!
A new subscriber love your vids! What is a good brand of acid stain to get? Can you mix a dark and lighter color to get a swirl look?
Hey Pete got a question I want to stain entry of house its connected to driveway  dont want to stain it when neutralizing will run off stain driveway
Would this product be ok to use on a concrete driveway where an RV will be parked? Will it stand up to tire tread?
Great video.! But do you have one on how to do this for an indoor floor stain? Thank you..! 👍😎
Looks good, how long does the finish last?
Any specific GPM or PSI on your pressure washer?
Can you grind the concrete?
Was that just dark walnut? Or did you use another stain with it?
How long would this last on a driveway?
Would you notice a difference if the concrete were two different shades of grey after you stained it
My patio is surrounded by grass, so I wonder if would kill the grass?
Pete, THANK YOU for sharing this video. Just a question, I'm fairly good with my hands and tools. How difficult would this be? Were putting in a gorgeous pool and new Duralum patio cover but the decking is concrete and our patio is 20'x50'.. Plus we have a 16'x 150' driveway. Its beautiful but I don't want to get in too Deep and it ends up looking like poop. I have estimates around $4000 and you sure make it look easy:)
Can the stain be applied to broom-finished concrete or does it need to trowel-finished (smooth)?
Hello Pete, what do you mean "Highlighted color with coffee stain"?
Thanks Pete... do you know if the sealer changes color or turns yellow due to the sun,  UV rays, etc.?
Hi pete..will this work for patio pavers?
Would love to do this, but I've got 4 dogs going in and out all day. Is there a faster way to achieve a nice looking patio?
When we purchased our home the concrete was beautiful but has since lost its shine. Do we have to strip the original acid stain or do we just seal it again to bring that shine and the colors will pop again?
hey pete is this the easiest and cheapest way to stain concrete? I am wanting to do this to my patio and also inside my house to a couple areas.
I have a stamped paint concrete from the 80s.  It's ugly.  Can i do this?? Or does it need to be a concrete color first?
Can a water based sealer be applied after the acid stain.  Interested in using the acid stain on counter tops.
Great Video!  How often do you need to reseal a floor like this?
Can I use "Lemon Ammonia" instead of the clear ammonia?
Hi quick question. Do water based stains need the ammonia application to neutralize?
How do ensure it isn't slippery
Can you mix stain colors? Say a little black added to green
I notice you had cracks in the concrete. How did you prep them before applying the acid stains so they would not show?
How do you think that would hold up on a driveway in the Midwest?  It’d probably look great for a year or two I bet.
can I acid stain my driveway?
Hey Pete, awesome video! Question does this process make the concrete slippery? If so how to prevent it from becoming slippery!
What color stain did you use and will it work on a driveway
I have a few stains when I stained my wooden pergola. Is it possible to remove or do I just get a dark stain?
Can you ever stain after a surface has been sealed or does that all need to come off?
Great Video...How many quarts or gallons did you use?  What was the square footage of area?   I know it will vary based on how layers I apply, how I apply it, etc.  But I am curious, how much did your project take.  Same question on the sealer.   Again I love the video.
I've read that you should use the ammonia mixture before applying the dye as well to help clean & prep the concrete, do you recommend this or only recommend applying it after to neutralize?
Do you need to let the concrete dry after pressure washing? If so, how long?
This looks bad ass. Thanks for the video.   I am curious; How long those acid staining usually last?  Do you have to keep doing it?
can the water runoff from washing the neutralizing solution stain concrete I do not want stained?
What do you do when rain comes in contact with unsealed acid stain need help !
Pete, if I am staining my garage do I have to stain the entire garage at one time or can I do half and then move stuff and do the other half. Thank you for all your videos you have helped me out a lot
Hi Pete, great video. I am assuming that an outdoor patio will have to be resealed every year like a stamped concrete patio? thanks'
Should I make concrete counter tops and stain them, can I still place super hot pots/pans off the oven/stove without worrying?
Very nice, the video was published 2 years ago, how much you'd charge to stain a patio the same size as the one you did on the video, today, 2017? Thank you.
Question:  If you have already stained garage floor, but have not sealed it, can you go back over it with another color Sprayed on and still look good, allow to dry and apply sealer?  I used a burnt orange color and now think I would like some contrast. Any help would be appreciated, just finished applying burnt orange stain......Boblohr88@aol.com
Hi!  Thank you for the informative video!  I am looking forward to doing this DIY project next week :)  I have a question though... our concrete patio was poured last summer and hasn't been sealed yet (so hopefully that will make our lives easier with the stain uptake); however they did do a broom finish to the pad.  Is there anything different we need to do with the broom finish?
Hello sir Pete.  How long does it take for each coating of sealer to dry? I know it depends on a lot of factors but an estimate would be very helpful. I don't know if I need to wait 30 mins, 2 hrs or 8 hrs again. Thank you in advance for the help.
Hey there.  I have a machine trowelled garage floor.  I need to prep it for the stain.  Can I use a floor sander to do so and if so, what grit would be best?  80?  Just need to rough it up enough to let the stain penetrate.  I don't see any comments addressing it.  Please advise and thanks!
Your patio looks beautiful! We have a concrete apron around our pool deck that we'd love to do this on, but any suggestions as to how you'd keep the liquids out of the pool?
can this be done to a fresh poured slab?
This was awesome. My concrete patio does not have a cover. How long might this staining look good before the sun and the weather take a toll?
Thanks Pete.  What are your thoughts on blending an accent color with the base (DirectColors, inc. english red/desert amber)?  Also, when testing a small area where do you do this when our concrete patio is visible to people?  Thanks!
what are the names of the stain maker, and sealer maker please???
what would u estimate all those supplies be to do this particularly the acid stain
Question for ya: Could you use two different stain colors together? thanks
If my patio was already stained is there another step to remove the original stain or can I just stain over the original stain?
I think I want to do a multi colored calico patio.  A base color light sandstone, some sort of red and a chocolate or cocoa color random blotches.  (20x20 area).... Will one color give me the variegated look I want or is the concrete going to give me a solid color appearance.  I definitely do not want  the look of a solid "color added" concrete slab.   I want assorted hues of tans, reds,  browns.
Hi pete, thanks for uploading this video. I have a question. Can you apply this acid stain on normal concrete that is allready in the house? or do you need to put first another kind of concrete on the normal concrete floot thats already there? I am sorry for my bad english. kind regards alicia
Would  mixing 2 or more constrations work? or even 2 different colors of stain work?  Larger rollers can be used to reduce time.
Pete great video! I have oil stains any recommendations on how to putt them out or beat them in deep enough for acid to still stain? Also if I just power wash and etch will the stain just be darker over the oil spots? Thanks keep up the good work!
I'm sorry for all the questions I just have one more is it better to use a sprayer for the sealer or  the roller the reason why I was asking is because I was thinking if I use a roller I will have  to use more gallons of sealer?
And also was wondering what kind of pump spray would be good to get I've looked at some but there's so many different ones and different reviews
Hi I've applied the acid stain the only thing is I'm not sure what roller I'm supposed to use for the concrete sealer can you help please thank you
Thanks for the video! I would like to use this process on my basement floor.. are there any adjustments that you would suggest? Should I be concerned about fumes in the house at all?
I just suscribe... two questions one can it be use inside ???? Two what can I use to make it shinier ??? Thanks keep up the good work
does anyone know if you can stain self leveling compound . ??
Hi Pete, After I cleaned the concrete, it failed the water absorption test. Do you recommend etching the concrete or will the acid stain still absorb into the concrete?
Great video! I just poured new concrete...how long should I wait till I do this?? Thanks!
The concrete slab I want to stain is located under two very large oak trees and requires power washing a couple times a year to keep it looking good.  How will this acid stain hold up to power washing?
Pete, after cleaning the patio as described, how long do I have to wait before applying the stain? (I'm using the Scoffield LIthochrome Chemstain.  thx
Can you pressure wash it later on for basic cleaning ?
Looks great...going forward, how is it going to hold up If it gets dirty and I have to powerwash it in the future to clean it?
Would this work with indoor concrete? Or is there a different method?
Great video, Pete!  One question, does the estimated coverage (for stain) from the manufacturer seem correct?  I saw you diluted stain to ease into the color you wanted.  I'm planning to do 1200 sq ft shop floor and I'm trying to estimate how much it will cost in materials.
great video, just put in a new pool, cement contacter want a ridiculous amount to color and stamp, can my  pool decks be acid stained?, if so any special sealers for safety when wet?, how long does the deck have to age before staining?, thanks
hey Pete what brand of oil based sealer did you use?  thanks
hey Pete what brand of stain and color is that?  thanks
Hi - your video and instructions are great, thanks!  A few quick questions:  My patio has grass all around it.  During the neutralization stage with ammonia water - is it safe to have that ammonia water rinsed onto the grass? If not, any ideas how to handle that?  Likewise, when I rinse with water, does some of that acid color rinse with the water and stain the color of the grass?   My last question is about clean up - how to you suggest cleaning up the sprayer and any brushes that were used for the acid stain?  do you have to throw them away after or is there a way to safely clean them? thanks!
Hey Pete, what color is that?
i have a pool patio that we had tried to do cooldecking but it was done wrong and it cracked everywhere. We are considering an acid stain as an option to avoid ripping up the whole thing. We live in the northeast. Is this a viable option?
Pete.  How long after the stain is applied do you use the neutralizer? Is it after the full 8 hours of dry time? I think the words you used were "after letting the stain sit" around 6:8 into the video.
really nice job< are you single ? lol fix and grill? really nice collor
Hi Pete does acid stain penetrate in to the concrete to any depth as I'm looking to polish the concrete afterwards for a counter top. Would this work or am I just gonna clean the stain off? Love your deck by the way
Does it matter the finish of the concrete? mine is not a smooth finish.
Can you give the list of products that you used for this project..??
The previous owners  didn't put a vapor barrier down under our concrete porch so it sweats a lot. Also it has been sealed. Will this technique work on my porch?
Thank you for this informative video.  I'm inspired to try this now!  I have a question about the concrete surface.  my patio has a brushed surface, not smooth.  You mention in the video using a polisher to smooth the surface.  is this required for the entire patio, or was that just for the area with paint?  thanks!
Hi Pete, I'm about to acid stain my basement floor. But I was wondering, can I stain everything so it looks uniform then seal it later? I will be adding bedroom walls, but I'd rather not have work done on top of sealant/wax. And yet, I like the idea of actually staining the floors without and barriers in my way. What do you think?
Best video tks much for teaching us in a simple way how we can do this... our question is when we apply the sealer , will the floor be slippery ? If yes is there anything we can do to avoid that? We want to do this in a rustic bathroom floor are are afraid to be too slippery.  If we don't use the sealer will the stain fade it away overtime? Tks
Can you do a driveway the same way? Also if the driveway has some cracks that accumulate debris, should the cracks be sealed (or driveway resurfaced) before acid staining? If yes, would the acid stain eat away the driveway re sealer?
Hey DIY Pete.  Do you know why when you mop the epoxy topcoat on an acid stained concrete floor it turns white or cloudy?  Of course you should be able to mop the etched and sealed floor.
One of the best tutorial videos I've seen!  Just had one question can I used any pump sprayer? I have a couple that I use to spray roundup around my yard. Can I use those?
can this all be done in one day if started early?
Great video Pete! Thanks for the info. I was curious if you have done a similar staining process on cider block? The sides of my patio are cinder block with a concrete cap. Will the cinder blocks take the stain ok or will it come out too blotchy. Color is very similar to what you used here. Thanks again!
I had a 10'x7' concrete patio. A few days ago, I just had new concrete poured to make it about 17'x20'. The old piece is still there, so I know it wont be the same exact color. I want to do the staining, but I'm afraid the 2 pieces will look a different shade unless primed or something. What would you recommend I do before the staining so that it all comes out the same color? Also, I live in Arizona, so it's too hot to do that now. The roof will be done this week, and the concrete will be ready to work on. Will it be okay if I wait until October or November to stain and seal it?
How would I lock in some small shell rock that was used on a drive & patio? It tracks into the house & washes away in the rain. I was thinking just sifting Quikrete then just wet it all down & set up. Would that work? What kind should I use? Thanks Patrick
