when I was a kid my mom just said "god put it there as a promise to never try to kill everyone on earth again" — I like your explanation better 😂
When I was a kid, I was told rainbow doesn't really exists, it is a result of the scattering of light by water droplets.  As a result everyone see a different rainbow since it is all in our brain.  But some curious kid asked why does it arch?  The teacher has no answer other than say that each of our cornea is bent slightly so when that scattered light goes into your lense, it gets bent again through refraction and so you see the arch.    The teacher than proceeded to show us how to see rainbow by looking a fringes of soap films.  I am sure many of you old enough probably still remember.  And you probably also remember seeing rainbow after a rain.   Well, I am sorry to report to you that I can no longer see the rainbow.  I am not sure if this applies to you.  About 20 years ago, I was in the hospital for a life threatening emergency.  It didn't hit me at the time but something changed in me.  I started hearing a constant ringing in my right ears, eventually it settled to just blowing air in and out.  It eventually went away after my child was born, but it came back after a few years and it's been a constant static background even as I am typing this.    A few years back when I ended up in a psyche ward, the people in there told me about hearing voices, eventually for a brief moment I herd voices too and then I heard some chiming as if I was picking up some TV signal of a game show.   Before all this I also experienced a brief moments of complete blindness which wrecked my vision for a while but when I got it back, I feel like I got a different set of eyes.  You see my eyes has these horizontal lines across one of them and the other is burst with small lines cracks.  This is because I had really high blood pressure in the past that caused the veins in my eyes to burst.  The one withe cat eye was the functioning one, the crack one is quite weak, this is why I needed prescription glasses to compensate for the difference.  But now both of my eyes are of equal strength but weaker than before but few damages from my days of high blood pressure.    I suspect I lost the ability to see rainbows originally because I really did damaged my cornea.  But I don't think my current cornea were mine, someone may have replaced them without my consent.  As for that ringing in the ear, I don't know.  All I know is I don't think the people I met in the psyche ward were all crazy.   I know at least my roommate was pretending because he said he doesn't want to be homeless on the street.
Wow, thank you for this!! Can you explain why the rainbow curve is so much shallower in New Zealand?
so iz da earf flat or roundy ?
What about the set of genes massively deciding not to replicate (birth rate crisis in developed countries)? How can the theory at least partially explain this?
Didn't U just prove, that we are living inside a ball? ;)
what a colourful explanation; thank you 🤩
Why are rainbows curved? His son asked...  I would have told him a corny gay joke and said, "Bcuz they're not STRAIGHT ! (🥁 BA-DA-TSS) LOL🤪 But me as a straight man I'm here to tell everyone here that is gay that rainbows should not represent homosexuality. Rainbows are from the Bible that came from God and God put a rainbow to promise to never flood the world again.
You still not answering the real question; where is the gold?, and what happened to the leprechaun?
Great video! Can you simplify it for me?
5:56 Can someone explain why it changed direction down and not up in the diagram?
What if we could put a dome of water into low earth orbit.
So... After watching this I'm like.... Can you tell me the simple explanation now, you know, the one you spared us of at the beginning?
Magnetics Question:  We observe that when 2 magnets come close enough to each other whereby their magnetic fields effect each other either by repelling or attracting. And if the magnets are facing each other at alike poles, and that each magnet is not anchored but are free to move; the polar shift to opposite is swift & the attraction often violent enough to break the magnets. Now when I hold a magnet in my hand that has a magnetic field of it's own; Why does it not swiftly go to the North Pole since the Globe Model of Earth tells us that the Earth has a magnetic field? Why is it that my magnet with it's magnetic field does not interact with Earth's magnetic field as it does with all other magnetic fields. I say North Pole and not South Pole because my compass clearly displays a magnetic location to the North. I have witnessed no evidence thus far of a Southern magnetism. Have you? The North Pole region could very well have a South Pole as well (positive/negative) if this is the only region with measurable magnetic fields. A "U" shape magnet if you will. Could you demonstrate on a table top model 2 magnets within each others magnetic fields that are not effected as my magnet is not effected by Earth's magnetic field???
Could you boil water at focal?
Thanks Dad. Nice graphics btw. Do those replace cartoons in your household?
When I get late afternoon rain, the sun will make a triple rainbow in my valley.
Why are they flatter the more go to the south pole and more arch the more you go to the north pole?
Beautiful! One question though: There are waterdrops between your eye and the waterdrop that refracts/reflects certain color (as seen in this wondeful model) - and since they are all randomly spread, how come they do not distort the picture (deflect the light ray randomly somewhere)?
nice presentation. Kind of glossed over why the >>greater amplitude of charge oscillation due to blue light creates a greater phase kick>> AM to PM conveersion in glass? I wouldn't expect that.  wouldn't it be better to say a delay creates a greater phase kick because the cycle time is shorter?
Is the wiggling blue light fog and haze?
Why aren't rainbows straight?   Self explanatory
Thank you for this video! In a way it teaches us to fuse math and science with philosophy and art. I like the idea that it takes many raindrops working together to produce one beautiful rainbow. So how many raindrops does it take to make a rainbow? I would imagine the more the better but is there a raindrop threshold?
Why is the blue light dangerous? 11:18  😮 Amazing Video 😍
How about a mention of The Creator who indeed made this and all other things. "For the fool says in his heart, there is no God, and is deceived". Self deceiver.  The miracle of Creation is just that.
Why are there so many songs about rainbows?  And what’s on the other side?
Did you explain to him that rainbows only exist in consciousness?
Okay there is a medium that slows light down, would a True vacuum speed light up?
But they always come after a rain?
Is the radius of a rainbow dependent upon the angle of the sun over the horizon?
Ok maybe I missed it but why is the wave that the charges create off phase with the light wave?
Ok, daddy, but how does the refracted light know how to avoid all the other raindrops and get scattered into white light?
Did you just answer the question I used to vanquish physics teachers? Why does light bend.. I got horseshit about cars on sand.. Never any explanation that was consistent... However.. You just stated it got a phase kick.. (because of the magnetic field by a moving charge.. ) Not why??? Why doesn't that happen in vacuum when it encounters a magnetic field then? Or does it?
May I just say that the very best part of the video is the excitement you prove during the experiments? Do it more, show it more… I think everyone will love it!
Could we say that rainbows prove that the earth is round?
I have tinted glass ball, I will try it with a laser beem?
Did your son follow this, or stop asking you questions ?
How did you even think about how to begin this explanation? Mind boggling!!!
Great day for fishing ain’t it?
Does that mean one day blueray can evolve into violetray?
Why the hell must scientists _double up_ on word usage??.. you say "caustics", I think acids and corrosives.. lol
What They (Probably) Don't Teach You About Rainbows At School  Well yes indeed
the music is too loud and repetitive and annoying and makes it difficult to concentrate  if this were a classroom setting you wouldn’t allow a student to blast their boombox and disturb other students, so why layer annoying music in your video?
when light photons hit eart and bounces back to the sun. What happens to that photons when they hit the sun? Do they continue living in the sun? Do they die? Do they bounce back and hit earth again?
Why doesn't the planetary bodies slow down like even light does when they're doing orbits?💫
what is happening is that light gets absorbed and re emitted at a pace that would give you the effect of light going slower through the medium, but it is not.  The speed of causality or speed of light remains the same.   ---Francisco Ramirez  and me.
so I am pretty sure I have watched this more than once and it is one of the most beautiful representations of light and rainbows I have ever seen! I have a question though - where do you get your awesome diagrams to show the proof of the statements made? They are fantastic - do you do them yourself?
great video. but one more question: if i was able to perceive more wavelengths of light i would see all the „colors“ between two rainbows. is that right?
What they dont teach is a certain group of brainless apes thinks thats a sign of god. Piety is the vessel of evil and they will rape your kids and steal your money.
why are rainbows curved?  well I guess rainbows aren't for straights...
where did you get that shiny glass ball?
Beautifully explained. I too thought I knew how rainbows were created and definitely learned a lot in this video.   I now would love the watch a video that dives as deep into how halos are created. How does it work, with the ice crystals not being spherical and oriented in all random directions, that we can still see a ring (or rings) around the sun...?
Where you have curves, you know you're in for a good time!
So why do rainbows have so many different shapes, some are wide and some are tall?
Wait, wait...If the half of the Earth in front of you wasn't there, would a rainbow be a complete circle?
Wouldn't it have just been easier to say "I don't know."?
Is this why shape of rainbow in Antarctica is different than in south Africa or Europe? That means there's a dome above us
how long before your sun got up and walked away?
is that was what was mesnt with “ultimate answer to the ultimate question”?
I wonder why the laser only reflects from the surfaces of the sphere. The medium changes, the light reflects, but why there?
Nice videoooo!!  Is it true that rainbows are not arcs but circles?
Why does the defraction of light cause it to bend if the light is movinv in a straight line.
what does a rainbow look like in infrared and other wavelengths?
Is the rainbow pattern produced by oil on the water surface caused by the same principle?
If the wave length changes then why doesn’t it change colour?
Um is this demonstration not proving the whole firmament debacle?
So isn't this called the Iridescence of water droplets?
@15:39 isn't this a bit inaccurate visualization since sun rays are parallel while here the direction of light changes?
I'm more wondering why I see 4 rainbows?
Could you do one about rainbows the moon makes? I feel like the blue light changes it, I wish I was able to add a photo i took with the comment
If rainbows are optical illusion, then how are we able to capture them on cameras in videos and photos?
Tell us please, why these colors are even there? What is the source that produces the color in the rainbow?
If I use a telescope and try to focus on a distant ground target under a rainbow, will it just appear slightly washed out rather than “normally” brighter?
How old is your son that got this explanation 😅
does this mean cross eyed people see two different rainbows?
I always thought higher wavelength means lower speed. 6:08 it seems smaller wavelenth means lower speed?
What if two people share eyes?
What happens to the rays that do not reflect inside and passes through? Like the rays that we would see looking in the direction of the sun? Nobody talks about it. I assume thag doesn't form a caustic or a caustic strong enough for us to distinguish as a rainbow
I wonder if anyone else has ever seen a grey scale rainbow.  Dead of the night with a full moon in the swamp on some fog.  Looks like a rainbow but with a gradient of grey.
This is all good, but where are the ends so I can get the pots of gold?
