How did Sony do this it's crazy but I would've preferred PS al stars
Looks cool but why is everyone speaking Japanese?
Can you please add Nightcrawler as a teleporting grappler?
Since arcsystem worked on tokon and dragon ball fighterz, maybe a crossover will happen in the future?
What they did right that no other fighting game does, is making couch co op 4 players!!! Looks like a great game!
What a beautiful game! It must be a delight to play! Arc System Works never disappoints!  It would be interesting to have some darker characters, like Blackheart and Knull, for example. It would be an incredible addition!  I hope to see other members of the X-Men, especially Cyclops, Magneto, and Wolverine!  Pre-order, for sure!
Why does Doctor Doom got that Witch Craft Symbolism on his block.  He should have a Normal Block like everybody else.  And the way he's Always blocked attacks.  Something about that thing he's blocking with Doesnt Sit right for me!!!!  A lot of parents probably not gonna let their kids Buy or play tha game because of that Funky Symbolism going on.  I'd probably get rid of it to make more sales.  It looks cool but its NOT NEEDED tho.  At least give ppl the Option to Turn off Doc Doom Demonic Shield on Block.  I like his Regular Block animation.  Thank you Marvel and ARC SYS
What's up with the Japanese Marvel stuff lately?
ArcSys?? What are you doing?? Why are you looking so peak again?
Hey can you tell us if we can set the "Select" button in shortcuts in this game ?
When will Marvel do MARVEL VS DC?????
Why does everything sound 1000 times better with Japanese voice actors?? T_T
Why is your game not available for purchase on Steam in Kazakhstan?
This is SUPER COOL But why is Ghost Rider so slim ??
Is that Miyuki Sawashiro as Storm? And i like the v antenna on Aiyanman, kinda look like a gundam. Good job marvel for choosing asian studio for this game, just like rivals one. Them asian know what they are doing and know what the fans want
We've seen too many games like this. Can we get a fighting game with smashbros mechanics?
Why does this look more like Guilty Gear than Strive? That's nuts.
Is it me or do the effects look similar to DragonBall Fighter Z?
First, Rivals. Now this?  What did we do to deserve this?
king of fighter characters replace with marvel??
Where is the rest of them? like wolverineto, cyclopseto, professor Xto, thorto
this trailer actually hurts my eyes. why does the screen slow down with every hit and why do some shots look interpolated by a computer?
Hello im new to fighting games whats the diff between a 4v4 and game like Street Fighter??? Does it mean i have to master 4 diff characters?
Why is nothing on Xbox  anymore
Why did you take so long to do something like that? I LOVE IT! I'M FREAKING OUT!
How does this compares to capcom marvel fighting game
Ms marvel needs a costume change. No cute bollywood outfits available. Dafuq is she wearing: a flag?
Where are my Wolverine and Deadpool at?
Can we get an anime adaptation next? This looks awesome.
Looks awesome... But There's just way too much going on in one fight.  How the hell is this even manageable?
Does this mean we’re not getting anymore marvel vs capcom game? 😢 that makes me very sad
Wait a minute, Are we sure this is steve Rogers Captain america? or is this jon Walkers Captain america?
why does everything marvel makes look so good except their movies
So is this only on PlayStation?
how can i survive 2025 man
Why is no one else mad that they excluded Capcom? Really, an entire cast of beloved video game characters excluded from the next big fighting game of all time
why is through the fire and flames guy lying lol
So what universe number designation shall we give this?
storm has always been a snack right?
Why is Naruto not getting a game like this 😢
Will it come to the switch? I don’t have the money to buy a playstation 🥺
Is Tag Team Modus 2 player vs 2 player or 1 player vs 1 player?🤔🤔🤔🤔
This looks good, is it a new game, or old game remaster?
why does doom have an auto lock on attack did we not learn anything from umvc3?
I just rewatched the trailer for a billionth time and noticed something. All of the changes in the music are when characters swap, and the music changes to reflect the character that just swapped in. Is this game gonna have adaptive music?
Will there be dramatic endings like in Dragon Ball FighterZ?🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️
Why are they speaking Japanese? I like anime, but Japanese Avengers is a weird association
Does anyone understand what the graffiti says at 1:18?
How many frames is this running at? Look very choopy
How can Storm look so good? 🥵  ArcSys artists are simply on another level. This is also the best design I’ve ever seen for Ms. Marvel, she looks so perfect. Every design looks incredible here. That Iron Man Gundam design is an instant classic.
So it's like a Marvel version of Street Fighter?
Where’s Ultimate Marvel Vs C 4 :( street3 (Remake no bring 3D) aeww   X-man vs StreeT?
I wonder will in also have English VO
Where is the league of legends mmo
When I saw Marvel + Arc Sys, I knew this trailer would be 1000% awesome....and it did NOT disappoint! My god this is going to be beyond epic!!!!
So I have to learn 4 characters?
1:42 i just notice that Storm can call rain to push down the enemy. Interesting! Edit: or is it wind?
This isn’t coming to Xbox?
Have we entered a new golden age of Marvel games?
I wonder if Norio Wakamato will voice a villain.
Tony Stark out here looking like Iron Kamen Rider lol. And is Spidey's design a slight reference to the old 70's Japanese Spidey?
Why in the world did Marvel + Disney force Arc System Works to put Ms Marvel in the game? They are pushing the dumbest charter ever made by marvel. A complete waste of roster space in the game. They could have  put anyone else in the game, and it would have been way better.
So, Street Fighter or Guilty Gear crossover when?
Who else is waiting for the anime now?!
Why this game is similar to guilty gear strive?
How many characters will there be?
How is nobody talkin about the music?! It sounds so epic!!!
Will this game have English dub?
Sorry for my ignorance, but I have some questions...  1 : Why the main trailer is Japan speak?  2 : it's possible a mix of mechanics between Guilty Gear, DBZ, and Marvel VS Capcom?  3 : Why the Character look like "teenagers Manga cartoon"??
yall so dumb before yall did marvel vs capcom 4 in this art style u did this instead?
Arc System Works are always in their bag,aren't they?
Why didn't we get the REAL Japanese spider man? The one with the gun?
Is this like street fighter and marvel vs Capcom mixed together?
Marvel: We're making a 4v4 fighting game with Dr. Doom and X-Men.  DC: Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.... You guys like live-services, right? Evil Supermen are what you want, no?
wait I thought spiderman in japan used gun, no?
At this point my Only question is voice actors or AI for the English voiceovers?
Will this be coming to the Nintendo 64?
Why play this when marvel vs Capcom 3 exists?
Does the gameplay remind anyone else of Dragon Ball FighterZ? I can't help but feel a connection.
That's got to be dragon ball fightersz version right ?
Did Cap just do a Rider Kick?
Why is there a weird 1 second delay every few hits
How many big name VAs can we shove in a game??
Anyone else get X-Men animated series theme song vibes towards the end of this video?
What's the over/under on woolie not learning from his mistakes?
Has anyone noticed a certain similarity with DRAGON BALL FIGHTERZ?
Where's Spiderman with a gun???
Where is the dr doom foot dive?
Are they really gonna talk this much during the fights or is it just like this for the trailer? lol That is way too much yapping for a fighting game
What I would like to see in this game, so that it doesn't become so similar to its predecessors:  X-Men: Kitty Pryde, Nightcrawler, X-23, Hope Summers, Quicksilver
Ghost rider is a Diavolo from JoJo?
I wish SNK can why cant SNK be more like this?
Me: You know in Anime when a guy gets launched back because his nose is gushing blood or whatever...?
When I see this I all most passed out....
Okay is it just me or did Starlord just use Deadpool/Dante's special for MVC?
Is it just me or does this game look exactly like Dragon Ball FighterZ?
How will this affect the legacy of Melty Blood
Is this gonna be in american?
How come ArySys always is the best on 3D animation and game development
so if it’s 4v4 the roster is going to be massive, right?
I wonder how the controls going to be
Where is Ryu? Where is Megaman? What is this ? 😢😭
What could possibly take fighting game of the year away from this it's going to be legendary
What kind of mod from Dragon Ball FighterZ is this?
Could this be a hint to maybe another marvel vs Capcom in 2027?!
I wonder how Capcom feel about this.
How is this not on Xbox too smh
great, but of course there are English voices, right?
Why do the Asians do marvel so much better 😭😭😭😭
Is this going to be peak?
What is that gundam Ironman suit.  4 V 4 !?!? 🤯
when are you guys gonna understand we want a smash bros style game like this and not another marvel vs capcom/street fighter/tekken/ KoF/blazeblue
Is there a English voice option?
Cool, where is the english trailer.?
what a wate of a great IP. Heroes save the world not fight each other in a stupid tournament.
There’s gonna be English translation on release I assume?
I wonder how much it'll take for the Mugen community to make these chars into the engine
How is this different from the other Marvel fighting games? I just fail to see the difference.
What’s next ? Capcom vs Kellogs?
Same people who make guilty gears ?
Why is that derivative trash character on the roster?
character roster meh... the muslim girl, the guardias of the galaxy guy... really?
Why why Ms Marvel?!! She sucks. What a waste of space in lineup, should have used scarlet witch, psylocke, invisible woman, white queen, hell I would have taken captain marvel over her
is it ONLY 8 characters in total or are there some they haven't revealed yet?
Why is every character so build or thick even the armored ones look like they been lifting
Who else was completely blown away like Max Was?   And who else thought Ryu or any Capcom character was going to jump in?   Leave a Like
Over/Under number of characters in the game?
What kind of Dragon Ball FigterZ is this?
A marvel rivals looking fighting game???
Why oh' why is Ghost Ryder the Robie Rayez Ghost Rider when clearly the most popular one is Jhony Blaze?
Ok so taking out 2 characters is a Happy Birthday, taking out 3 is a Merry Christmas, what is it called when you take 4 out? Is it a Happy New Year?
I hope there is a fairly extensive roster of characters and some Capcom characters as DLC 😅😅😅 Is that too much to ask??
Now what I want to know is if a character goes down, will the match end or keep going until the whole team is down?
So is this Marvel vs Marvel??
Does marvel hates johny blaze or something?
I came here expecting Marvel Super Heroes type game, but this is MAHHHHH VELLLLLL!!!! Need more characters though, this can't be it!!??
So doom's just not gonna footdive??
whats the parlay on this being another arcsys trash heap?
when you say 4 v 4, is it 4 people vs 4 people or 4 characters switching?
so... Cap. America is voice by Nakamura Yuichi and Storm is voiced by Sawashiro Miyuki or am I crazy?
are you telling me this is Marvel FighterZ????
Is Storm VA voices Jolyne from JoJo part6 ?
why does ghost rider sound like a random teenager
Why this game give me jojos vibes?
When MvC 4 fails, they restart with MvM
2:05 did Reyes just pulled a Red Line move???
It won't come out on Xbox?
Who else is here before this blows up
When the trailer premiered I was like "I Hear japanese voices but they are painting Marvel characters.... oh it's a new fighting game!!! WOOOO!"
Is that Diavolo as Ghost Rider?
When Japanese are treating An American comic book characters better than Americans.
Is it just me or does it sound like the character theme transitions when you tag another character? It's very noticeable when Star Lord tags Doom around 1:15... BTW Doom's  theme is amazing! ❤
Ryu: “ I look forward to our next battl..wait a minute .” Hello?
When this comes out I will be playing Storm ⛈ period omg yesssssss❤❤❤❤and we need they voice in English as well
So, I wonder who proposed to put mvc2 in EVO main event?   Sony or Capcom? If its Sony, does CAPCOM know this game would annouce before EVO?
Why miss Marvel again, just use mr fantastic if you need streching abilities or etc
WHY THEY KEEP USING HELL CHARGER??? HES NOT A REPLACEMENT FOR GHOST RIDER!!!
When they make Ms Marvel tolerable, they are going in the right way
so this means marvel vs capcom is dead now?
why are there voices in Japanese
Why they never make a third person fighter, they got the craziest budget and mechanics for it 😭🙏
You will play it in his original language, japanese, right?
Can we still say “ITS MAHVEL BABY” or should we start saying “maveru desu”?
What about Xbox Series X/S?
What a time to be alive!!! Thank you Marvel and Disney for putting your character in Arksys hands!! Now let them cook!!
why Starlord’s move like Dante? 🤔
What y'all got against Spider-man tho? That ain't cool man 😂😅
This looks great... will there be an english dub though?
Does anyone think they will add more characters over time?
Why do they keep putting Kamala Kahn in everything?? Is she really that popular and I just don't realize it??
So will we be getting a Marvel vs Arc Systems soon?  Sol Badguy vs Captain America?
Why One Piece can't have this such kind of game like DBZ fighter Z.
Ok but is zero gonna be in this one?
How much money did marvel rivals make ???!!!!
Do I hear Katsuyuki Konishi voicing Ghost Rider, the same voice actor for Diavolo in Jojo’s part 5? LETS GO!
why can't we just have an injustice like fighting game
Are we awake or is it a dream ?
first overwatch....now fightersZ..... what's next?
where are Hulk, Thor, and other ?
Why isn't this trailer in English? This is an American IP 😅  Kinda cool tho I guess
Did Horikoshi-sensei have a hand in character design?
Why are you doing this to me?  What's the hard part about doing a Marvel version of Injustice and not the constant anime style crap.  You have the potential and the ability to make a Civil War style Injustice game and you make this ?  Really pathetic.
Does this mean there's no MvC4 after all? Or are they gonna reveal the craziest crossover ever and squeeze the Capcom cast in there too? WHAT IS THIS?
Why does it seem like there is so much eastern influence behind marvel these days.. game still looks fun tho
What in the DragonBallFighterZ is this I'm excited!!!
Another marvel fighting game great.... When are we getting marvel vs DC or Mortal kombat vs Street fighter?
Why marvel heroes speak Japanys ? :DDD
Since they emphasize the variety of characters, can I expect Jagganaut this time? Or there are other big boy candidates?
Where is Doom,s foot dive...
Am I the only one who found it similar to Dragon Ball FighterZ?
When the coolest things to come out of Marvel in years is Rivals, and Fighting Souls, both made by eastern devs.  It’s a pattern now
Why is marvel being so anime-fied? Rivals and this.
Wait a minute...so this isn't coming out on xbox?
Why didn't they put the Japanese Spider-Man? Like, he would be perfect for this game, besides he has a super cool mecha to use as a final attack
Why is doctor doom using a glock?
Is this a game that is just like injustice or Mortal Kombat, meaning can’t I play this solo, multiplayer or online?
Is that an answer to that Riot Fighting game? 😂
Does DR Doom have the same VA as Akuma???
so this is 2xko killer guys?
Y Xbox Series X/S y Switch 2?
When i saw Arc System Works, i was already immensely grateful
Why dont they relese a trailer and release the game next week whos gonna remember this game in 2026
This is HYPE!!! Does it mean no Marvel 4 tho?
Sounds cool... But, why put in this trailer that piece of trash called Miss Marvel?
When i saw Ghost Rider i couldn't countain myself 💀🔥🔥😎
I feel like watching Marvel but My Hero Academia style, like the 3D anime stylized, Japanese Voice Actor Will it come to Steam?????
Where’s my boy scott summers?
Is it me or Doctor Doom has Akainu's voice?
The only question left is, does Doom still have his Footdive?
Will there be an english version?
This looks good But will it last?
When Marvel VS Guilty Gear X??? Or Marvel VS Arc System Works???
Why oh why do they drag ms marvel into everything.  She’s not popular. She will never be popular. She has the same powers as mister fantastic and most ppl would much prefer him over her. I just don’t get it.
REAL QUESTION: WILL THIS BE REGION LOCKED IN PC JUST LIKE EVERY PS RELEASE AFTER HELLDIVERS?
Nice. Now where’s the English version?
where's the fantastic 4? where's reed, ben, johnny, and sue???
I thought Enoki Junya returned back his role as Spiderman??
Why not the original japanese spiderman?
Why you guys glazing? This looks super cheap 👎
why do marvel hate xbox players so much 💔
...Does this mean we could get some Persona crossover characters with this game?         Also, probably a stupid question, but...what are the chances this could come to Switch 2?
What will happen to Marvel vs Capcom?
tag system looks like fighterz with an extra character tag assist avaliable, is this the case arc nerds?
Sorry Marvel but will it also be released for Xbox in the future?
Capcom: hey Bandai, can we replace the letter E?
So… it’s Guilty Gear reskinned with Marvel Characters?
why there is no blood effects?
Where is Wolverine?!  Also I hope is has a dope single player mode.
Marvel tryna go crazy. Rivals, now this too???
Where is my GOAT Jeff the Landshark❓🔥  (or at least Magik, please)
0:17 Why is there red Gundam  sensei ?
> Kamala Kahn enters the stage > Spiderman immediately enters and kick the ever living crap out of her  What did Arc System mean by that?
what are the odds they add capcom characters to these
When I saw the "Arc System Works" logo, my interest peaked out immediately.
who ever keeps coming up with these game ideas please dont stop this is top gonna a crazy game to play
Why do they keep dropping 2d fighters? Give us another marvel nemesis already.
So the question has to be asked, when's Marvel vs. ArcSys?
The fighting roster will be lit. What character do you wanna see  appear in it?
When I saw arc sys I burst like a missile. Imagine if we get the japanese spiderman in this☠️☠️☠️
This looks good. Any chance there are English voices?
So Starlord is just a re-skin of Dante from MVC 3?
when Marvel games are better than movies xD
when we combo 4 characters, should we call it Happy New Year?
is this Arc System's take on Marvel Super Heroes?
Am I the only one who think that this game is more like Dragon Ball FighterZ?
Did Dr Doom just use the glock he has stored in his pocket...?
why no xbox release, sony really be cry babys about games with spiderman in it
Where can I get this music it's delicious
What a trailer, what a soundtrack
Why isn't Spiderman jumping around all ninbly mimbly
Japanese spider man isn't the emissary from hell?
Miss Marvel? Again? What aren't they learning?
Why why is it always anime style with marvel ??!!!
Excited but dfq u mean 4 characters ?
Why is iron a gundam? Don’t question just fw it
I've yet to meet a single person that likes Kamala Khan, why is she still being pushed/promoted?
Sooooooo..... What does this mean for the future of marvel vs capcom??
Alright I'll ask the important questions: Marvel vs. Guilty Gear vs. Persona WHEN?
This game will be a Marvel   Say that again?
When I was a child, we'd get at least two franchises in a game like this
Will this be available on Xbox?
Where's Capcom at tho? It looks dope as hell, but uhhhh....👀 where's Capcom @ lol?
Does Capcom get royalties for this?
What is this anime trash? That's a L.
Awesome, but why don't they make games for android too ??
Is that Miyuki Sawashiro voicing Storm??? The casting is spot on!
Isn't it a bit sad that it took the Japanese and the Chinese to do Marvel right?
Who ever is in charge of marvel games I love them so much
Is that Miyuki Sawashiro as Storm? She kept getting cast as electric women in games lol
1:39 Is that a JOJO reference!!!???
why does marvel keep trying to push star lord so much?  get the punisher or some other actual good character in there lol
Is wrong of me to expect an insanely large roster and synergies between characters?
I wonder if we will see again the FOOT DIVE!!!
Pony Station 5 exclusive? Why no Xbox?
🤔Will it support NVIDIA DLSS 4 and Reflex 2 on PC?
Looks amazing! But...just 8 chacters??
Okay no one's gonna mention that Ironman Gundam/Kamen Rider inspired design?
When you realize we all funded this game 😂
Why is this so anime?! And why do I love it so much?!
how many gallons can i lose
Did you notice that Iron Man had a Gundam V antenna on his forehead?
Why does it look like captain America has a durag?!? That’s awesome 😂
How Marvel VS Capcom would looks like... Without the Capcom cast?! O_o
So making them talk in japanese increase the sales?
Is this comic look just an option or is it the only option?
So marvel copying league of legends  2XKO?
Nobody's gonna talk about Tony's armor having a V fin in like some short of gundam?
I thought most of these characters were American why are they speaking Japanese?
You guys think they'll have guest characters from other fighting games?
So we just gonna ignore how Star Lord fights exactly like Dante from Marvel vs Capcom 3?
Dante Reference with the ultimate of Starlord?
What did bro just say?! 🤣 0:47
What is this, some kinda Marvel Rivals? In all seriousness this looks really fun, as other people have said, a Marvel only fighting game (MvC will always be peak tho), they seem to have a really nice artstyle, fun gameplay, the voice acting is great (also on a side note I love how they gave Star Lord a deeper voice, I feel like it fits his earlier comic appearances- he’s changed a lot throughout the years). All in all, very excited. Yet another Marvel game, the hype continues to grow. Make mine Marvel!
what does this mean are they dropping Capcom
Is Marvel coming back with their gamee titles?
Is Goku holding this game's code together too?
What a sick looking game! Take my money 💸💸💸 💰💰💰
Why are they fighting among themselves? Are they some kind of rivals?
Will this be available in English?
Is this another new mode in Marvel Rivals?? 😟
Why do they want to make Asian Marvels?
My buddy is pretty excited for this and talks about it being a big deal, but I don't really understand why. I'm not much of a fighting game guy, but I have played some in the past.   To me this just looks like MvC3 with no Capcom, a different artstyle, stage changes, and another character on the team. Which doesn't really feal all that impressive a change to me.  Am I like missing something? Or is this just something that I'd have to be a fighting game fan to understand?
Why did they need Star Lord, Ms. Marvel, Dr. Doom, and Captain America to beat down spider man 😭
Why can’t they make a dark and gore game for once 😭😭😭
Why do they keep trying to make Ms. Marvel happen? I can think of 100 other female Marvel characters that would have been better choices.
why is the game basically called "Marvel fighting spirit (soul): Fighting Souls" 💀
If all 4 characters get hit as part of a combo is that a happy new year?
When this comes out Imma Star Lord main
... doesn't MvC already exist?  What's new on the table?
When did Spider-Man learn Japanese?
This is going to be baby's first fighting game, isn't it?
Why is in japanese? Marvel Super Heroes ( PS1) revives? I don't know, but it's amazing. I'm expecting all the characters
A marvel fighting game by ARC SYSTEM WORKS!?!? Am I in dream land?  Also, since there is an official 4V4 tag system, can you imagine how the Fantastic 4 will be like?
What in the weebo did I just watch?
This is really cool, but will it come in English?
I don't know much about Dr. Doom, but he should have a drop kick for this kind of game, doesn't he?
Does ArcSys ever miss?  GundamIronBloodedMan 10/10
cool...but where are Deapool and Wolverine?
Looks good but why Ironman has a gundam V shape horn?
Is this made by the same people who 2XKO? Cause it feels very similar to that
What did Spider-Man do in 1:52 to get tag team combo'd like this 🥀
When will they release a manga apart from the comic?
why spider-man always getting ganged up😭
When I was 12, I would stand in the small town Wal-Mart entry area and would watch and play the Marvel Superheroes arcade machine for hours. I've been a FGC diehard in my heart ever since, but I've never tried hard enough to get legit competitive with the world.  This changes that.
DID DOOM PULL OUT A GLOCK!?!?!!?!!
Why do they keep making the same game over and over? Can't they come up with something more? 😢
Can I get an artbook with this art style please? 🥺🥺❤️
did they do 4v4 specifically to have all the fantastic four in there at once? that's crazy, though.
Why japanese? American company and American comics. So strange. That would be like doing a manga comic in western style animation with American voice actors. Who would buy that?
Alright! If hitting 2 characters is considered a "Happy Birthday," and hitting 3 characters is considered a "Merry Christmas." What are we gonna call it when you hit all 4 characters?
What I love about FighterZ is how they choose the roster and make a really worthy and cool iteration of it. Seems like they do the same with this one.
Why do these people keep trying to make Kamala Kahn happen? Her comic sales were abysmal, her show was poorly received, her powers are the same as Mr. Fantastic, and her back story is just plain dumb. If they made her a villain with the power to create explosions every time she said a certain phrase, she would be way more interesting and way more realistic.
Are they just making a marvel version of Injustice?
First Marvel gave us their own Overwatch now they’re giving us their own Street Fighter what will they give us next?
so when is the next Marvel Vs. Capcom game?
CAN WE GET A MARVEL HEROES ONEGA 2 ALREADY INSTEAD OF A FIGHTERZ COPY!??!???!?
This looks cool and all, but I’m confused why are they speaking Japanese?
Why is a U.S. IP being shown to English Speakers in gobbledygook, that's like Ubisoft licensing Gundam IP and showing the game with everyone speaking french..
Will this play similarly to marvel v capcom? Maybe I should brush up on my overall skills lol
ITS MAHVEL BABY??!? BUT NOT REALLY BUT ACTUALLY FOR REAL?
Will this have both Japanese and English voice work?
the question is : there is  a corner in this game...right?...right????
May you please not make this game expensive? If so, i would love.
Why not MvC4 with xmen characters. This still looks good but probably going to be huge milk cow, like 8 character starter pack and 5$ per character onward
Is that Miyuki Sawashiro doing Storm?! How fitting for her to get another lightning character.
Did he just say “spidey sense!” Like it’s an attack? 🤨
Hold on; did he said "The Messenger from Hell, Spiderman"?
arc sistems work? SO ARE GETTING A SONG FOR EVERY CHARACTER??   also it makes me so sad to see marvel girl, so we are not getting mr fantastic?
Does it play like mvc or dbfz?
Why is this not just Marvel Vs Capcom 4?
What is 2xko? never heard of it?
Robbie Reyes Ghostrider instead of Johnny Blaze?
Who else thinks this Star Lord is actually memorable here.
Looks great but why waste a roster spot on Kamala Khan when she can’t sell a comic to save a life?
What timeline did I just enter?! This is CRAZY!!! Is this a reboot of the Vs series?? Will this lead to Marvel vs ASW? The possibilities are insane.
Why are we putting Marvel games only in one place?
does DC stand for desperately confused? - a dc fan
so.... only 8 characters in the game?
What’s “Tokon”? Some series I’ve never heard of?
Looks amazing.....HORRIBLE NAME! WHO CAME UP WITH IT!?
But will it have Ruby Rose?
Who are these people? Where are all the Capcom characters?
Why does PlayStation 4 cannot have this game 💀
I wonder if there will be intro dialogue like in Mortal Kombat or in Marvel Rivals
Anyone else here got to witness Max's live reaction 😂?
So... it's basically a marvel contest of champions 2?
Take my money, Plz now, Where’s pre order?
Does this mean marvel vs guilty gear or fighterZ is a possibility?
Which characters are being retconned into troons this time, Arc System Works?
Will this game have english dub?
Why can't we have a Kamala this cute in the movie ?
We never had a 4 vs 4 fighting game before  King of Fighters 2001 : Am I a joke to you?
Bro a guilty gear MAREVL omg......... When's the pro-order?
So a quad finish is gonna be called a happy new year, right?
Why does PlayStation get all the good stuff 😭
Kinda weird that Capcom is not involved. Who's that new character with red trenchcoat and face mask? Is it an original chracter for the game?
Is that... Fake Red??? I also love that they went with Robbie
What did the spiderman do to get beat up like that man
why so much garbage japanese art style games lately? Can we go back to some good character designs?
Did Capcom not want to play?
Did Maximillian Dood wish this into existence? He may have
When I saw it I could only think of Arc system doing it, it's the same style as GG and GB, but it's good, I'm not complaining 😊
really hype and the one thing im thinking, its an Arksys fighter with Marvel characters.. is this still considered an anime fighter?
What a time to be a Marvel Fan.
When will DC do something like this?! 😭😭😭 As a DC fan I’m very hungry for good games about my favourite heroes. First Marvel Rivals, now this? (I like Marvel Rivals, no hate at all)
Anyone else a fan of the new character designs?
This is the roster? 2 women?
How hard can it be to revive marvel heroes omega to console and pc agian but no we get this trash same goes for marvel rivals and marvel avengers.
is no one gonna talk about how iron man is literally a gundam?? I love it
Where is The Wolverine!?😮 This game is goin to be the definition of hype
A Marvel Game I'm actually interested in?? 2xko who???
WHY IS THIS COMING OUT WHEN I'M GONNA BE IN THE MILITARY AUGHHHHH SAVE ME
So were getting Marvel vs Guilty Gear in the future?
Is it gonna be like Guilty Gear? Or Blazblue? Or FighterZ?  Anyway,  I'm excited for this game.
Yeah but do you have maybe Wolverine? Thor? Hulk? some heavy hitters?
What are we, some kinda Marvel Rivals?
Why are videos games allergic to comic accurate Spiderman suit
Looks good. Will there be physical copies?
Cool but where is the Wolverine game? You know, the reason I upgraded?
Can you imagine Wolverine in this game?
Why can't this be multiplatform?
Is this a MvC 5 proof of concept?
Is May Guilty Gear Vs. Tokon Ms. Marvel the new hot rivalry?
I mean it's still Marvel y'know?
Why Marvel Arc System Works... Why.... Now i know the latest Arc System Works won't interest me for like 7 years of something...
Why Marvel insist with Ms Marvel?
Gee man why don't any of these marvel games ever add carnage MAN?!?!?
ARE YOU READY TRUE BELIEVERS? ARC SYSTEM WORKS AND MARVEL ARE TEAMING UP TO BRING YOU..  JAPANESE MARVEL SUPER HEROES!!  LOOK!! SPECTACULAR ACTION! DON’T MISS OUT ON THE ENJOYMENT OF A LIFETIME  FEEL!! SENSATIONAL THRILLS!! DON’T MISS THE MOST AMAZING TAG TEAM FIGHTING GAME EVER  ARE YOU READY FOR A NEW CHALLENGER? NOW COME JOIN  JAPANESE MARVEL SUPER HEROES!!!
When does this come for Steam Deck?
Yo!!!! Arc System Works had their parts in this?
Where is the cheaper town hall?
4v4?!?  we need a term that goes higher than Merry Christmas now?!?
If catching 3 characters is a happy birthday what's catching 4 characters?
Why this trailer gave me the weird feeling they are going to use the "linked soul" history thing from fighterz?
Since when does dr doom pack heat?
What I didn't realize at first is that it's made by the same developers who made Dragon Ball FighterZ, which is like one of the best stylish, epic, and kinda easy-to-play fighting game out there 🥳🥳
Why are they using Japanese voices??
Where dc games what going on over there?
How long till a Goku mod comes out for this
Can we please get the light, heavy, fierce punches and kicks back!!?? PLEASE
Does Doom not have foot dive?
Okay, is it just me or does Doom sound amazing in Japanese?
are they fighting in multiple arenas in one go?
Storm's voice actress is Miyuki Sawashiro right?
Was that the Robbie Reyes Ghost Rider? Awesome!
Why can’t ArcSys make the next Jump! Fighting game mannnnn
I doubt people involved will answer but, has the price of the game been decided?
Wooo MVM? Hell yeah! Wait...4on4?
Is it me or does this look like the exact animations to Dragon Ball FighterZ?
I wonder if this game will also be held together by goku
WHY IS IT WHEN A MARVEL GAME COME'S OUT IT'S ALWAYS ON F####### PLAYSTATION LIKE WHY DO THEY DO THIS TO ME?!?!?!? p.s. this is my opinion just to clarify.
So... That's a Street Fighter Marvel?
Why is Star Lord so huge?
neat, now can we get Arc to make a Naruto game like this and DBZ FighterZ?
Who is the girl with the big arms and legs?
this game is going to be free or paid ?
Spider sense as a catch phrase? R u kidding?
It really looks like fire but why do they wanna make every marvel game anime?
Where the HELL did this come from?!
Why couldn't there be a Marvel fighting game that looks as good as injustice 2 all these Anime marvel games are just not it.
Ghost Rider Robbie Reyes, HELL yes!!! I'm usually not a bigger fighter game.person but I'm getting this for my boy Robbie! Also, the art style is beautiful! Marvel Legends fifures of every character when?
where can i PRE-ORDER? idc i want to buy it NOW!!!!! lol
LETS GOOOOOO A MARVEL VS CAPCOM GAME BUT JUST ALLLL MARVEL???
sol badguy is going to be here?
So this is what fighterz lost its final life support on? welp imma call it now Spidey will be the UI Goku of this game. Now who will be our ssj vegeta?
This is awesome. Also when will we get the Future Avengers? Specifically Makoto, Chloe and Adi?
when people people asked for the marvel 4, im pretty sure they didnt meant 4v4 🤣
Arc System Works. Dragon Ball Fighterz.  Now, Marvel Tōkon: Fighting Souls. I feel we are closing in on MARVEL × SHONEN JUMP.  Anybody feel that?
Has Miss Marvel ever been more popular than Mr. Fantastic? I always found her live action tv series more interesting than her comic book adaptation.
🗣️GHOST RIDER MAINS WHERE YOU AT?!?!?!?
Do I love this? yes. Do I wish the roster was less cliché? 10000% but love to see Ghost Rider, Kamala and queen Storm. Hoping the roster gets Jean, Rogue, Wanda, Wiccan, Miles Morales and Spider Gwen.
When I tell y’all I screamed when I saw Ms. Marvel…  We have KAMALA KHAN in the base roster! Yes! 🙌🏽⚡
I feel like the Fighterz modding community already made this game?
Why they do marvel like this
Why no English VA out of the gate!?
Oh cool a marvel fighting game...  MADE BY ARCSYS?
So probably no Marvel vs Capcom 5. A proper Capcom All Star fighting game someday?
I wonder of Dr DOOM will have a foot dive
A 4 v 4? What are announced gonna call that collateral, an Anniversary?
WHAT WHAT WHAT WHAT??? I THOUGHT THIS WAS MARVEL RIVALS???
I wonder how Capcom feels about this. Like the Marvel vs Capcom series is right there...  But I will definitely take another Arc Sys game!
So whats the reason they're fighting each other? Skrulls? Multiverse? Beyonders contest of Champions?
We finally got an answer to the age old question!!  When's mahvel??
which studio is responsible for this
(Monkey brain) WHERE FOOTDIVE? OO-OO, W-WHERE FUUT DYVE??
Is that the Emissary from hell Supaiderman?
How odd. All products but comic books  are having the best time ever
Why is this on Japanese not complaining but only confused
How do you say "Shut up and take my Money!" in Japanese? 😁
what a time to be a MARVEL fan
A MARVEL GAME THAT I AM ACTUALLY EXCITED FOR!?
When they said "working with a partner" I thought I was about to explode. Then I saw ASW and fing fell asleep.
Is it gonna have a single player or arcade mode?
Did they beat out Capcom in fighting Marvel characters?!
So a purely Marvel FG, whens the last time we had that, Marvel Super Heros?
Is this not just Marvel’s version of FighterZ with a 4v4 mode or am I missing something?
2:12 Isn't this design from Deadpool: Samurai?
What MCOC wished they could’ve been
Where the F is the Fantastic Four? 😭😭
Why the only game that makes "comic acurate" skins is fornite? Every Marvel game is made with incredibly ugly suits.
How much for Wolverine, Nightcrawler, Beast and Cyclops? I only want to now... ajjaj
*my guess is the roster will be:*  1.) Already Guest: Captain America; Ironman; Ms. Marvel; Spiderman; Ghost Rider; Star-lord; Doctor Doom.  possibility 🤔: Thor; Hulk; Venom; Hawkeye; Moon Knight; Cyclops; Gambit; Doctor Strange; Wolverine; Deadpool; Rocket Racoon; Miles Morales; Winter Soldier; Dormammu; Fantastic Four; Magneto; Gargantos; Nova; Black Widow; and Taskmaster. Right??
Is that goddamn Sawashiro Miyuki voicing Storm?!
Is Storm my new waifu? Yeah, no more questions.
When you immediately hear Miyuki Sawashiro's voice
why does Iron Man have a V-Fin? He's a Gundam now?! 😅
How did arcsys of all studios drop the ball so hard......................
Developers waited until the MCU was dead before they started releasing GOOD Marvel games. Why?
Wait, we got another marvel game? In this economy?
This looks incredible! The movement looks so smooth 😎. Can't wait to play this! Will it be free to play like Marvel Rivals though...?
Where have you been all my life!
Why didn’t Marvel Vs Capcom 3 had Japanese voices for the Marvel characters? A missed opportunity I’m sure these guys will have English voices soon Not on Xbox?  What a waste
Good god, what are these character designs?
how did you get arc sys to make a pact with you to do this
Will Sunfire, or Silver Samurai be coming too?
Do its Pc and Ps5 Only?? Thats unfortunate honestly
2:02 Is this a Jojo reference?
Hold up. Was that Miyuki sawashiro voicing Storm???
Wait a minute, Storm has Milla Maxwell jp VA?
When I wish for Marvel 4....I didn't expect a Marvel vs Marvel 4 vs 4
Is this Team Neo Blood? I feel like their style is coming through and that's why it feels both brand new and familar.
What makes this better is the Japanese
which character is gonna potemkin buster
How much longer until Groot and Bridget shake hands?
Will it come to xbox? We need more good tag fighters
Can we defund the MCU and just put more money towards games that focus on what make marvel cool like this and Rivals please?
Marvel Vs Capcom 4 please ! WHEN ??????
Who needs fighterz 2 i guess
DID I HEAR YUICHI NAKAMURA AS CAP AMERICA??????? HE SOUNDS SO GOOOD OMG Also can anyone say the rest of the vc cast? because spider man, ms marvel, iron man, ghost rider and doom sounds familiar, also star lord saounds like katsuyuki konishi
Can they stop trying to make Ms. Marvel/ Kamala Khan a thing already? Nobody likes this character no matter how many properties they push her into
Where is my foot dive on doom
Who is the Main Spiderman in here ?🕷️🔴
Forget where is Marvel the real question is where is the pre-order?
When rumors were going around about NRS making a Marvel fighter, I told myself, "Arksys would be better fit.."  4v4 is crazy, but give me Rogue, and im all in.
Why does this look so amazing? Now I see why ArcSys neglected DBFZ (unfortunately). Holyyyy
Is it just me, or does this look way better than Injustice? I mean, personally, I prefer a fighting game with simpler animation rather than something weirdly realistic. Anyway, this game looks great.
So um.... Possibly Marvel vs Arc Sys in the future?
Has anyone checked in on Max?
Will this game be playable in English?
When I tell the enemy spiderman to 1v1 me in Rivals, this is what I mean
Why Kamala Khan?  No one likes her.
IS THAT THE SPIDER-MAN "FAKE RED" SUIT??????
Did Doctor Doom just pull out the strap!?!?!
CAN YOU IMAGINE THE ROSTER FOR THIS GAME!
Where is the sequel to GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY?!!
why do they look like that
Do you there will be alternative Skins? Because if i am not wrong the games of Arc system have only alternative colors
WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON????!!!
Is it just me or does iron man new armor resemble a little bit of gundam?
Is this game going to be free next year?
can we call this Mahvel already? who played thisss speak uppppp!
Hey if Batman and the Suicide Squad can get Isekai’d then why not?
When Disney has been failing and most usa Triple AAA game devs load and behold netease and arc systems had to pull up and just say 'Fine I'll do it myself'
Why does this game play almost look like  guilty gear strive 🤔
Wow, they made Mrs. Marvel cute, surely her curse won't tank this game, right?
We got an Arc Systems Marvel Fighting game before GTA6 what is this timeline?
Is that Robbie Rayes Ghost Rider?
It's kind of Mahvel, baby?
What the hell do you mean it’s gonna have 4v4
4 v 4... gotta have the a FANTASTIC team to make a good...hmmm same year the movie comes out huh?
WHAT THE HELL IS IN SUMMER GAMES FEST TO GIVE US THIS IN STATE OF PLAY
What have you done, Arc? You took the elements of Marvel and created a new form of art that blew all our minds in ways we never thought were possible? 🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯
What is Capcom going to do now?!?
Why Dr.Doom walk like he know he the freshest person ever to live 😂😂
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?!  DO WE NEED MARVEL VS CAPCOM?!
Where is IFCYipes on this bro?! IT'S MAHVEL
Will this game be released for android?
Can someone tell Marvel to stop with the overdesigned costumes with a ton of random lines and etching? It's bothering the hell outta me.
Can I start asking for Cyclops now or...?
Why can’t we just have a 1v1 2D fighting game🤦‍♂️, its always a tag team, area fighter, or platformer
Is this 4v4 co-op online?
wait, its captain america's seiyuu Satoru Gojo? Reinhard Van Astrea?
I wonder how big the roster is going to be.
Does this mean that MVC is oficialy dead?
Very cool. Sign me up. Just curious... will there be a dubbed version?
The Insomniac Wolverine game don’t even exist anymore, does it?
what a freakin treat this is
I wonder if it will have 2v2 in any way (like 4 real life ppl each controlling 2 characters maybe?)
Who ever is in charge of Marvel Games making all these picks for studios, I just wanna say thank you immensely
When I saw the arc system works logo, I knew they were cooking
Will this end up being released dual audio?
This is made by NRS right?
Ive been wanting a new marvel 2d fighting game forever at this point. Why is it Japanese tho?
Where is my Marvel vs Capcom?😡😡
An arc system works Marvel fighting game?!?! Am I dreaming?!?!?!?
.... So like what's DC's excuse?
1:42 is that a Tom from Tom & Jerry scream??
Another marvel game? Are we going to have to pretend this one is good too?
Why did it have to be in a anime art style?
Why does it look similar to Marvel versus Capcom but anime style?
Was that Miyuki Sawashiro voicing Storm!? 😍
