When do you report on the $50 million in 20 LLC accounts held by the Biden family from China Russia Ukraine and three other countries? You would call a traffic ticket for Trump treason what kind of sloppy manure are you in the business of?     You verified the computer was fake and Russia collusion with Trump was true.       You have no credibility at all I don’t see you bowing your head down and apologizing for being wrong and lying to us for four years?      You literally influenced an election! And you did it in a biased way and have been caught many times being biased those two or just ones in your face that you ran from confessing about!      Is it going to come out after the election that this is a lie and you never confess to this just like all your other lies?      Does the coronavirus still not come from the corona lab in China? I hope laws put the news out of propaganda business. You don’t check anything you spin it to the left!
When they show videos of the crowd to verify the crowds, there are only a couple hundred people in the videos. It's not what the AI picture shows.
So looking at the photos, Why are the signs turned toward the camera? Why are all the phone displays showing different images?
OH look more BS biased reprorting. Have you guys not figured out we are tired of this crap?
Can you fact check that harris wants to take many of americans weapons away. I know they skipped her replying to that in the debate
Does anybody buy this BS? The AI is obvious.
They were real people but they were imported to make kalama look good. Only 15000 people.  Is that the most she can get to any of her rallies???
BS AF2 ALWAYS has a tail number. Where was the tail number?
What an idiotic segment, everyone knows trump is lying it’s what he does…more important would be to show his full lie by showing his puny crowd size.
Can you verify everything that comes out of Trump and Vance mouth please 😅
Your headline insinuates he was telling the truth. Why?
Id like to see photos of Trump's rally crowd in Pennsylvania.  I haven't found any....why is that???
Do these rejects not think that Most of Earth has knowledge of Computers? Coding? Digital animation? Ect experience? WE KNOW THE TRUTH!
You all are nuts. First off, since when does anyone else gibber jabber about crowd size but Trump ?? You guys take his word as fact and don’t want the truth so hard that you perpetuate the lie. You trust his word over google, but no….it’s not a cult, right ??? Right  ??
Verified false, where are the reflections of 15000 people?
Why is this even important? You dorks are out here worried about how many ppl support your opinion?  Just vote.
What about the reflection on the plane showing no crowds?
Then please explain her massive crowd of 100 people in Raleigh NC with a population of 477,000?
Do we want someone who sees a post from the recently sued, felon and creator of 2000 mules saying the crowd was faked, then have a knee jerk reaction and post it to all his followers. Just to be quickly debunked. causing wide spread mocking of all maga. To be our President?
tALKING POINT? REALLY? if everyone thought about it and stopped wondering why it is so important to Trump they would realize it is because he is so paranoid about SIZE...his hands, his penis, his crowds...EVERYTHING HAS TO BE BIGGER THAN ANYONE ELSE...This is what makes him feel important...Self-aggrandizement is a hallmark of malignant sociopathic narcissists. Bigger than, better than, nicer than, richer than... THESE SUPERLATIVES ARE USED BY ALL OF THEM BECAUSE THEIR VOCABULARIES ARE SO LIMITED. Why can't these news people figure that out? Where did THEY GET THEIR EDUCATION?
Has anyone that was there published online a real time 360° pan of the crowd?  Even one?
So, we are celebrating that a very large crowd was there to celebrate the coming destruction of America by Harris/Walz?   Why do so many people hate their country.?
Simple, show an attendees video? The pic shows people with their phones out? You couldn’t get one video from a Kamala supporter that was there?
Who goves a buck, we know trump dtaws 50,000 everywhere he goes for years.... Hariis at least 1000
Only the buildings show reflections from the plane, not the people.  Were they all vampires?
WBIR Channel 10 answer the People posting here asking questions. You can say it is not fake or Ai all You want' Still doesn't answer any questions. Explain how there are NO People in any of the reflections in Your video and in the only one found on the Platform called X? We see Pictures and video from reverse angles showing inside the hanger. Yet NO video or PICs from regular People. Why is that? So many People there and yet NO PICs or video other than from Media sources. No one sharing PICs of video from this event on Social Media but video and PICs from the News. Why is that?
Who really cares? Everyone knows that the Trump Rallies have much larger crowds than Commie Kamala can ever dream of having. That's why she needs live twerking concerts, she needs to pay people to show up, and she needs to use A.I. or Photoshop on photos to enhance the crowd size.
Actually a expert looked at this and said the crowd was indeed fake and he wasn’t a trump follower. Anyway we could all just start being honest and let who ever wins win?
All those people were definitely there. The only question is ... WHY?
When Trump lies, MAGA world believes.
Why even bother verifying. Any sane American worth their stars and stripes knows full well he is actually delusional. The only reason he is running is for retribution - not because he gives a crap about any of us.
Why is Harris using AirForce2 For a personal rally?
Why is anyone listening to anything the convict says?  The jerk is a criminal.  Lock him up.
"Air Force 2 isn't marked for call numbers for security reasons". Then why does every google image of air force 2 have call numbers?
No call letter on AF2 , then what does 80002 mean on the tailor AF 2???
They thought Eminem was going to be there for a free concert???
How about verifying every claim Kamala has made… almost everything she says is false…
Why isthere no people in the reflection on the plane
How can she use government plane and money to campaign?
who authorized letting thousands of people wandering around on a major airport tarmac
I heard Donald wears XL pampers, maybe you can verify?
Who cares about this, the Democratic candidate has not sat down for an interview in almost a month since she announced. She's said nothing off script. Not one journalist has asked her one question about her proposals.
This is not a claim but fact  The blatant hypocrisy is immense in the  Demo cratic Party we actually threw out a candidate and brought in  another one that not one Congressional vote was voted for! Democracy in action?
How quick they come out with facts  checks ahahaha ..a vice president the support crazy stuff and nobody talks about it
How can this crazy guy stand for president, it just doesn’t make sense to me that someone who is constantly lying & making up the most outrageous stories could one day run the worlds most powerful country, good help us all if that happens
Who cares Trump all the way
is that really  a question?  who about you ask 12 thousand of those "AI" people
Out Of ALL Those People There. Nobody Recorded !??  Are Her Supporters Aliens ?
How many times has Donald Trump made claims and the press screamed and yelled and said that he was wrong and then later he was proved right? The press and the Democrats are dumbasses
Can someone pls explain Why people have enjoyed even higher food and gas prices and illegal s who drain the American tax payer every day and want even more 4 year s of it pls explain Why
Hmm what about the add on Craigslist to show up and hold signs for 15 bucks?
What about the messed up hands in the pics on TikTok huh? Just a joke the fingers looked like chicken fingers 😂😂
So why dont they have reflections. Are they vampires?
lol this just proved it was AI .. no reflection of all the people on the side of the engine .?
WHY TF ISN'T THERE ANY VIDEO? Is ANYONE asking this????????????????????????????????????
You guys should fact check the moon landing next, specifically the video of Apollo 17 launching from the moon and the camera following the path of the lander and apparently leaving the cameraman on the moon?
Yeah great, when is she gonna do a tough interview?
Why not show the footage from the folks who allegedly recorded & streamers who streamed it then instead of stills with no audio or anything?! If you wish to prove something you gotta come with the receipts
Hmmmmmm… let’s see, should I believe the media?..or just wonder why an airport in this day and time would let a group of…. Democrats on the grounds of an airport?
Why is Trump so concerned about crowd size?? That's kinda weird.
Why would anyone go to a harris rallie shes so stupid what does she have to talk about vin diagrames? Yellow school busses? What can  be unburdened by what has been? Well that should take about 2 minets to get that out , than what ? Thats the only words if the english language harris knows ! Oh ya and me so horny!
Where are the live video footages? Since when are there only photos? Because you can edit photos and not videos. So Trumps claim is TRUE.....facts speak for themselves.
What a freaken ahole! God I hate him
A liar thinks rest of the world is like him. How some people are still following this guy ?
Why so many people date pretended they want people to think there is a lot of people there and just give them time to steal the election that way they can't steal the election with the crowd of people weak she have to pay like she throw big crowds so they can cheat and steal the election
What a shock that the media is all of a sudden “fact checking”. 😂😂😂  Keep offering people money to show support, but then tell us how much support she has. And don’t cheat maybe, according to the Georgia court that we all just heard tell us that there was cheating.
Why are Democrats paying people to support her if she has so much support??
What Donald Trump is saying is that "his artificial inteligence"  has guided him to make outrageous, untruthful and nasty comments for decades  ... during which time he's found millions of others with the same artificial intelligence who are benefitting from President Biden's social policies while happily sharing their benefits with a national grifter.
AI is the only way she could have these “images.”  Remember, Michigan can’t stand their Democrat Gov Whitmer.  Have you driven on North 23 from the Ohio area?  Prime example.  Who would have a highway entrance to their state have a road as terrible as that one?
All of the VP Kamala events are sold out. Can't fake that. Think about that boys and girls and move on to a real conversation like WTF IS PROJECT 2025? And why is a convicted felon and rapist allowed to run for president ?
Why are there no reflections on the planes body of the guy walking or crowd? When Vance was there, there were no crowds around the plane. Plus, people would not be allowed on the runway.
Why is he so caught up on crowd size? He even claims that whoever has the largest crowds is the election winner.
Why mainstream media NOT taking about the supreme Court, abortion, project 2025?
Can we hear about policies? That's more important than bickering over crowd size
What we need to be talking about is how Donald Trump's mental state should be disqualifying.
Who cares how many people show up.Its all about the votes people.
SO many people who believe trump, questioning what can be so obviously proven, by doing what they always tell everyone else to do; "do your own research."  Why are trump supporters so willing to believe a verified liar, convicted felon (34 times over), and adjudicated rapist, an adjudicated fraudster, an indicted traitor?  And a real good friend of Epstein and Maxwell.  What is wrong with you people?  You know y'all are sitting on the wrong side of history, and of sense, right?
HAVE THE GUTS TO CALL A LIE A LIE. WTF IS THE MATTER WITH PEOPLE IN MEDIA?  YOU KNOW WHO, WHAT, WHEN, WHERE AND WHY. BE REPORTERS
Your verification would be much better if you showed video from the audience showing it was crowded, all you said is your own opinion as a reason to call someone else a liar, didn’t you?  Your “verify” looks a lot like propaganda, doesn’t it?
Why is that man so obsessed about crowd sizes? For a person running for POTUS and unofficially the leader of the Western world, you would think he would have important things to be concerned with, like the issues affecting the average American, the working class, the infrastructure, the outdated power grid, climate change and the increased intensity and more frequent tornados, hurricanes and scorching heat around the country bring forth more wildfires, drought, and destroying farm land etc,etc,etc. Something is seriously wrong with that man. And it is way more than just his egocentrism, his narcissism, and his insecurities.  Even more what is wrong with all those Americans who can not see or refuse to see that man for what he is and what he is not. And they want a clown like him to be America’s leader and establish policies that will affect and impact their lives and their children’s and grandchildren’s lives. Are we in a “ Twilight Zone”?  Have people just gone insane?
Why are all the comments maga?
What ever trump accuses others of, he’s guilty of. Do as I say but don’t do as I do. Vote blue
This woman believes anything that the left says. Nobody is following Harris. Just so you know the media lies. What kind of reporting is this?
when donnie boy said he could shoot someone in the middle of 5th Ave. without losing voters he wasn`t bragging about their loyalty he was mocking their stupidity. he calls them stupid to their faces and they cheer.
So... why is the crowd itself not reflected in the plane's paint but the tarmac and hangars are?
Why are we reporting on nutjob Trump's ramblings ? FFS what is wrong with this country - can we just put him in jail already, and never have to report on his idiotic ramblings again.
Why is this even news 🗞️?? Nic picking Trumps choice of words is not important news . The fact you are publishing this shows just how much you care about trump .
Who said her facts are correct and why should we believe anything she said.
Come ON maga victims; it's bad enough he's a thief rapist, racist, bigot & TRAITOR. How any intelligent thinking people can swallow his endless transparent lies?
Why is WBIR channel 10, a station in Tennessee arguing with us about what happened in Michigan?  Michigan networks would've had news crews at the site. Show us.
Wait, Air force 2, she is campaigning with Air force 2? That can't be right.  She can't use tax payer money to campaign with.  Did anybody else catch this?
Why is Google saying it's 92% contained? This is a media  hit peice by the left  the channel is more than likely in the pocket of the democrats this is very sad
Why waste time on a liar?
The BIGGER news story is WHY is  ConOLD tRump using Jeffrey Epstein's 'Lolita Express" Jet for his campaign flights?
What is so sad and pathetic is how democrat supporters whine and cry when Trump's words hurt their feelings, but they absolutely refuse to admit their financial struggles caused by the very people they support.  I dont even think there is a word that descibes this level of hypocrisy.  Unbelievable!!
Why is media entertaining this bs?
Who cares on either sight?  I'm more worried about whether our country is going to survive all the fraud, corruption and misspoke words of these politicians.
We all knew it was false. Why do people be taking the stuff that man says seriously?
Why do people think crowd sizes are gonna be a deciding factor?  Not to mention AI has been proven to be her "crowds", so why they're saying there's no info to back it up, I have no idea. Besides, they're paying people $ to go attend her rallys so psyops in affect.  Just like for 2020 with all the info suppression by social media and govt agencies
Could you verify how many cats, TAMALA has.
Do you Fact check Hunters laptop story as well ?
Why are we listening to anything Trump says anyway?
Why don't you ever fact check the continuous blatant lies from the Left?🤨
How can anyone want the orange monster to be their president
Soooo....not one single person from the 15,000 thought to hit the record button???
Why bite into that dumb chit
I notice in one photo the stairs are over the planes engine. In the other photo it is in front of the engine. Just wondering…how did that happen?
Why do we even have to prove he's lying.  he always lying...
Quick search. AF 2 DOES have a tail number. There are photos of Kamala and AF2 showing the tail numbers. Do ppl actually believe this junk?
Why don't I believe you?
How PATHETIC and hard-up this POS News Channel must be to have to put 💩like this on for their buddies the Democrats 😂
It’s nice to have media news debunk the ridiculous claims made by 45, a serial liar. Why does that moron even get coverage anymore?
Why don't nobody verify his crowd size oh wait we already know 😂😂😂
Do we even have to fact-check anything he says anymore? Nothing that oozes from his orange blowhole is ever true.
Why is the news even playing into Trump's nonsense. A lot of us watched the rally live. Please, News Organizations grow some Kahuna's.🙄🙄
Where is the debunking Kamala’s claims video?
Why dont you verify the lies they tell hippricate Harris is a fake l and liar
Can you imagine- the staff at this TV station had to spend HOURS and valuable news time on this insane story....  Why the hell even give this one shred of legitimacy?  They used to commit people to mental hospitals who spewed nonsense like.
WHO IS THIS STUPID IDIOT,THAT IS LIEING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
Who cares how big the crowds are besides DT but Kamala Harris IS getting bigger crowds.  Vote for hope not hate. Harris/Walz 2024!
Is Trump afraid of the word DEFEATIST?
So are we done investigating the actual attempt to MURDER Trump?
Why  even  spend  any time investigating his  delusional claims ?
Youcould see reflection on plane ! Showed NO people period  ! Why do you lie ?
When will we stop listening to the same old bull crap with the always lying every other word don’t waste your time answering lies.
Why are we still "verifying" anything trump says? Of course hes lying. Its all he does
Any news about the $10m Egypt secret security withdrew as $100 bills, at the same time Trump loaned his own campaign... $10m. No? How about his emails vetting J.D. Vance that he claims Iran hacked?
When does Trump not lie? His entire life is based on lies.
How about verifying if Harris was assigned to fixing the border crisis, she definitely took credit when it was convenient and shunned it when not. How about verifying that she was hiding Biden’s condition? How about verifying why her staff won’t stick around?  Oh yeah I’m guessing you only verify the things that fit your agenda. Those are real questions, stop hiding behind the dem’s manipulation machine.
You mean to tell me no one in the croud of 15000 people recorded it?
Have not heard Trump say a word until it's been reported and analyzed by numerious other sources. Does everyone in mainstream media think we are dumb and blind? Seriously, really look at the clips, listen to the people leaving Harris rallies, highly unlikely they are all lying.
WHAT THEY AREN'T REPORTING IS THAT THEIR ADVERTISING ASKING PEOPLE TO SHOW UP AND OR ARE PAYING THEM TO ATTEND HARRIS EVENTS
Who care,only votes count and my vote is for Donald Trump!!!!!!!!!❤
Is that all he has?  False claims about crowd size?  He can never again be president.  The American People will make sure of that in November.
Who cares you all lie constantly
Why does he care about crowd sizes?!?! How is this important??? I look forward to voting for Kamala in November.
But shouldn't you have hours of video from different angles? Why just a couple still images?
Our country is falling apart, and this is what he is concerned about?
why werent news stations fact checking trump this whole time? some just went with it.
Why not show a clear video of the crowd and her coming out to greet it?   Just trust us that this was all captured by multiple angles while we show a half-second snippet? Why?   Make it obvious for the conspiracy theorists. Put it right in their face if it ain’t true.
Why is jd Vance and Donald Trump talking to the press but Harris is not???   Why is Donald Trump under scrutiny but not Kamala ????
who the heck cares about this kindergarten nonsense...I care that Harris is an ineffectual, tyranical, laughing hyenna with no accomplishments while Trump got our economy on track, secured our borders, is transparent and, whether you like him or not he is honest.
Can you verify why the democrats lie so much about their criminal dealings? about why they are trying to destroy freedom of speech and why are they pro child abuse
How many got paid to be there! Isn’t it nice that the media wants to elect the democrats! Biased media they cannot report the size of Trumps crowds! Lame stream media showing its true colors!
What did Obama do for the black community???
why don't  you verifying how many true voter that Joe Biden got nationwide? LMAO
Why wasn't there a reflection on the tail wing?
The ONLY AMERICAN FLAG is on TRUMPS SUV.  anyone else notice that?
Why waste time and breath on this guy? Everyone (EVERYONE) knows he's gaslighting.  Hit the IGNORE button!!
If she used AI, why is Trump so rattled by her crowd size versus his crowd size?
Why don’t you verify Stormy’s claims about his little mushroom?
How many active cell phones were there at that rally taking photos? Ask let’s ask Google. Oh wait Trump wants to band Google.
Why are they flying around on airforce 1 for campaigning? They should have to pay out of campaign funds to get around.
Why is there no Tail numbers in the airplane??
Why won't the democrats allow heels up Harris to do interviews,?  Because she can't without exposing her  moronic campaign...
Did Donald Trump tell another lie. Really?
Why is it that JD Vance was there talking to the press and these pictures show people behind where he was standing. There was nobody there.
WHEN VANCE DID A NEWS CONFERENCE THERE WAS NOONE THERE. THEY JUST MAGICALLY SHOWED UP.   I DONT CARE, I DONT BELIEVE A WORD FROM THIS CORRUPT NEWS CHANNEL, OR ANY DEMOCRAT. YOUR ALL A BUNCH OF LIARS.
Why is everyones phone showing a different image and why are the people not reflecting off the mirror like paint scheme on the engines and fuselage?Are they all vampires?🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Was anyone able to speak to Harris without teleprompter suppport?
Why were people allowed so close to the plane?
Why bother verifying anything that comes out of Trumps fat mouth? His MAGAt zombies wont believe he's lying because they're suffering from wilful ignorance. It's all part of the cult behavior pattern. They all believe the will continue to exist as long as they let the stupidest among them believe his nonsense. The problem is, each one of them think the people to the left, right, back and front of them are dumber than they are. It's like being in a group where everyone is wearing an "I'm With Stupid" T-shirt.
When is the media going to start fact checking him all the time. Trump can't speak without lying.  It's time we start to hold him accountable for his lies.
This is so silly. He’s not concerned with developing policy because he wants to argue about crowd sizes. Why not tell the country about your Project 2025?
National polls have Trump up by 5 points.   Why is this channel stumping for Kamala?  Do they "verify" what she says too?
Why don't you cover the story of Tim Walz drinking horse cum????
Still, where is the supposed crowd's reflection?
Why is this idiot concerned about crowd size. If Donald Trump had something people wanted to hear, they would cone out. He talks loudly but he ain't saying nothing.
How many people does these stadiums hold for Trump?? Even at 15k, comparing. Give it to them. Im duel citizenship and just dumbfounded why I keep employees here. Way more overhead but love my properties as I love to ranch.
Is Trump flying around in Epstein‘s plane?
When Democrats posing as journalists tell you what Trump said it's a lie, he most certainly told the truth. Trump is always right. And has been proven true time after time.
Who else gets the poops from Taco Bell
How come if you look up "Airforce 2" the images show the numbers on the tail?
Where is the reflexion of all the people  on the plane  . I j7st took a screenshot  of your and  there was no reflection
Does it really matter how many angles of a still photo you have? They are still AI generated. Where is the video evidence?
Why would anyone believe anything Trump says? we all know he lies he told over 30,000 lies while in office
Why , why ,  WHY  are  you'all  wasting time , energy , &  resources for  " crowd size "  stories  ???  Twice impeached riot insurrectionist felon  & minions  want to " project 2025"   our government  , our  elections ,  & our rights  and freedoms  ,  our public schools  and  amplify  religious persecution  in the name of  " values"  !   🔊  Remember January 6th 2021 and  Roe v Wade  in November  2024 🗽 Voting for USA Democracy and Freedom and Rights and citizens' duty to VOTE  2024  and beyond !  🇺🇲
Why is Kamala hiding after she was crowned presidential nominee? Seems suspicious! Another basement campaign. Stop the steal!
When you need to call your media "Truth Social" that is a red flag that "Truth" is not actually in the mix. Don't forget the Soviets called their lead newspaper "Pravda" which means Truth in Russian. This stuff is weird - and funny!
WHO REALLY GIVES AF ABOUT CROWD SIZE!
Why don't you talk about Vence in a drag clothes,  that's more interesting 😂😂
How do you help someone you care about realize they're in a cult? Asking for 74 million friends.
This leftwing media is just insane. Headlines report, seriously?
Is Trump living in his basement? I don’t know.. that’s what I heard.
Who let the bots out. Woof. 😆
How bout verifying that she has no policy and the ones she did vote for put this country in the WORST POSITION SINCE THE GREAT DEPRESSION!Or that she was appointed the BORDERZAR BY BIDEN!Hmm?Yeah that’s what I thought!Ya won’t because you are a liberal democrat channel!TRUMP 2024!
So all of those phones and not a single video posted?
Who Cares!!!!! Just Vote!!!! 2024 Trump!!!!!! Let’s Go!!!!! Get out of the High School Mentality!!!!!
Anybody tired of these false fact checks?
How about panning out and giving an aerial view.
Why don't you talk about how Harris failed her one job, the border.
In detroit? That heavy Democrat city?
You show the image with the reflection of the hanger and no audience, and still say he's lying? Do you think we're all blind and stupid?
Oh well the "Associate Press" said it was real footage, cause they don't lie?
When Pence was vice president his plane had the tail numbers on it so what's different now , who changed the rules ?
Is he really that stupid? In order for those crowds to appear on the reflection on the plane would mean they needed to be real close and they weren't they were 50+ yards away so there is no way a reflection would appear with the crowd.  He must be a nightmare for his handlers.  They are telling him to shut up and then he opens his mouth, they tell him don't tweet that and the idiot tweets it and whoever is in charge of changing his poopy depends needs to win a medal
When you close your eyes…it become’s true we saw no crowds… Please “Sir” open your eyes..lol
Why y'all believe anything coming out of this convicted felon's mouth after all these years of lying says more about you then him!
Yeah, there are all unions that are a part of the Democrat party.That's how she got so many there.  How much did it cost for the buses?
Can you please verify how poor I am after 3-1/2yrs biden harris
Verify all you want, why are we not seeing thousands of photos from the people that were there?
Why does the headline read Verifying Donald Trump's Claims. . . "?  Instead of ""Disproving Donald Trump's False Claims. . . "?
How about verifying Harris claims? One sided remarks. My opinion. Mary
Who cares? Is that all you have?
There's no reflection of the crowd in the plane engine or body. How is that??
Why is the News Media so obsessed with everything Donald Trump says. Lets face it, HE'S NOT WELL.
Still not buying your explanation, why are there no people in the refection of the plane?
When Don Fartleone shows up, there are literally TENS of people…..irrelevant Donny….😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Why are we even  listening to what Trump says.
Is this a democrat funded channel? Vote VP Walz and outlaw "misinformation" Watch out Sir Copernicus. Or Kamela may put your name on the terrorist watchlist, ala TULSI GABBARD.
where is the tail # on AF2 ?
Trump does not have a once of truth telling in his body. Why listen to him ? Why ?
