Why do none of these comments have replies
I fail this picture test all the time. Does that make me a 🤖 robot?
The "click every square with X" thing literally NEVER works for me, whatever it is measuring it is not what it says. I refresh until I get a "select all" or audio capcha because WTF Google?
But what if I am a robot?
Just program your RPA to watch some pr0n every night?
I keep failing these reCaptchas. I was told that I'm a human, and not a robot. Should I be worried?
So why do I get so many fails on the traffic lights/buses/bicycles etc? Am I not human?
Is this why I often fail captcha, and have to go through dozens of item selections until I get tired and frustrated?  I'm autistic, so if a box has 2mm of the traffic lights in another box, I'm selecting the box, because that's the rule, I make an effort to make my mouse movements as direct and consistant as possible, and I only browse on private. I'm also impatient, and am often looking for files, so I will go to dozens of webpages, and back out of them quickly, over and over until finding what I want. I should start shaking my cursor around before clicking the button.
Why don't they just show us hands and fingers and get us to spot the badly AI generated ones? It will actually create a feedback loop for supervised fine tuning (SFT) so the AIs will actually improve and we would be contributing to teaching them.  But ohhhh nooo! Traffic lights and crosswalks FFS! Like thats just wasting time for everyone.
When she said; "Modern recaptchas  also examine your browsing history"  I screamed "WHAT???" so loud i woke up my neighbors
How does it work on a phone haha. Like is it different since you dont move mouse
So the fact that sometimes I have to go through f'in 5 pages of traffic lights means I move like a bot?
Can't a bot learn the way we move a mouse?
So the traffic lights is’nt to train ai?
What if I do on a touch screen you idiots?
Why dont they allow bots? Sounds like discrimination tbh.
How does the mouse movement test work on a mobile device??
What if you gotta touchscreen, like using your phone
How about on touch screen devices
wait... script code on the client side can see browser history? No way.... Right?
How that work on AndroidOS and IOS (mobile and iphone) 🤔🤔
Why do I always have 5 minutes of the fucking image test pisses me off
what about recaptcha on touch screens?
So what im hearing is if i wanna lower the chance of picture selection i just have to make sure my mouse movement isnt uniform?
So how does it track a touchscreen?
Wait it tracks before?? So that’s how I sometimes AND ONLY SOMETIMES get to skip the test??
When she said 'it also examine your browsing history'  I'm truly feared now 💀
'tracks your browser history' why do normie explanations always have to be 80% false?
So, why do i always fail this?
So if I develop a bot to move the cursor erratically and search rule 34 every once in a while. it'll be undetectable?
Then how about touchscreen screen? No mouse can be tracked, right? Or in this case does the pictures chap work better?
What about tables and smart phones?
How do they prove that I am not a robot when I tick the box on my phone?
How does it work on a phone 🤔
How this works in smartphones then? There is no cursore movement.
Am I the only one who even checks the box with a two millimetre precision?
Its tracking ur browser history  Lol so funny  Also guys umm there are some big black trucks and guys outside my house help?
Why i have my browser set to delete history everytime i close it🎉
Idk what I’m doing wrong, but I always have to do like a thousand captchas? Is there a reason for that?
When you on your phone there is not cursor movement. Right?
What if all the history starts with an X
So what happens when i am too much of a suspect?
What about mobile it can’t track your mouse movements there
What abt touchscreen, how it see if it's a robot or not??
What about when using touch screen?
WHY is there no reply to any comment?
What if anyone bulid a robot to move like like a human would 👀
How do they track mouse movement when I'm on my phone?
God fucking damn it! That feels so obvious now that it's been explained to me. Why didn't I realise this before?
Why tf would you end the video there
dont you think robot will simulator human behavior?
So the reason I fail all the captchas is because I selected too many boxes?
what about phones there are no cursor
so potentially it can be used to hack a person google account?
What about phone , phone doesn't have a mouse
So, what will happen if I use touchscreen and my browser is on Incognito mode with a VPN,or I use Tor browser?
Does this mean I go superman mode every now and then? Sometimes I get the traffic lights and stuff only to spend 10 minutes clicking away to beat it. It has been less of an issue but does still happen time to time
What if you don't use a mouse and it's a screen touch device then what happens how will they recognise
So if I make my Mouse spin while going to the box, I won't have to do the stupid test?
What about in mobile phone ,we just touch it
In mobile phone there's no curser then?
What if you use a phone, there is no mouse to track them....? Maybe the squares do the thing.....
So… if i wanna skip the recaptcha i just move my mouse weirdly?
How bout the captcha in phone
When you are using phone and there's no mouse 😂
okay, so what do robots search for??
how about mobile there’s no mouse
Okay but phones doesnt have mouse so how would they know?
How does that work in mobile
How does it works in phones though
So every time I check everything properly and it just keeps sending more and more tests. It’s because I click too perfectly?
hang on a damn minute i click on fire hydrants and crosswalks and traffic lights ALL THE TIME... am i too efficient with my mouse movements?
How about the mobile? They don't have a mouse pointer 🤷
How about phone with thay exact test?
I wonder how the MouseKeys would do in the Captchas 🤔
When they said "also examine your browsing history" i was in tremble, fear, oh frick, they've know what I've done.
What on iPad ? I dont have a mouse
what about touchscreen phones and laptops?
What if I'm always in incognito mode🙃😏
How do they read the browser hiatory tho? Do you mean google searches (It is run by google after all)? Because while we do have cookies, and we do have the Web History API. As far as i am aware a regular JS widget does not have full acess to your browsing history. Does someone smarter than me here knows how that part could even be implemented?
Doesn't this work because a bot isn't phisically able to use the actual pointer of the mouse and can't made the clicks on the tests etc.?
How it track mouse movements in ipad? 🤔 Am just touching the check box.
Ayo why r u guys worried if it searches ur history i s there any problem??
Okay but what about when on a smartphone? how does it know Im human?
What about mobile 📱 then. There is no mouse.
how does it work on a smart phone?
what about my phone, I don't have a cursor tho💀
What if you are on mobile
when she said  it tracks my browsing history i shit my pants
Well FBI can't come to India right?.....RIGHT?
So what if it's on a phone?
what if you're using a mobile device? no mouse trick, only touchscreen...
Well how does it work on phones then?
I don’t get it. How do these tests see mobile browsers? Top tier aimbot precision click?
What if you used an Ipad?
What about I am not a robot on smartphones.
why does recaptcha want to listen to gta 5 radio songs
Can they also see removed browsing history and things you searched up in incognito mode?
What if robots are doing questionable things in their free time?
Why does the top 3 comments have thousands of likes 😶
what not my browsing history bruh XDDD
why there are no replies in comments lmao
want me to develop a robot that acts like a human controlling the mouse and knows what things look like?
Why nobody's talking about weirdly low replys??
to everyone here saying “what about phones???”  who using fucking bots on a phone??????
why not just make a bot that clicks the box after erratically moving the mouse
Couldn't your program the bot to move towards to check is a semi-random pattern that still ultimately reaches the dot?   And also apply that to everything else?   Import a random browser history into the files as presto, you've broken the check.
how does this have 13 now 14 comments and 250k likes? math isn’t mathing
why is there 250k likes but only 13 comments..?
Then why i have to do one bilion capthas???
If a robot can know if it is a human mouse movement, the same robot can do this movements right?
Why does this vid has so less comments but the comments has so many likes without any replies??!!!
So what happens when I use my smartphone?
How are they allowed to access our browser history ?
What if I'm on mobile? 🤔
Why are there only 13 comments??
Why isnt there any comments on comments?
Why robot can't use the internet???
So how does it recognize us on the phones?
Ok, so use RNG for mouse movements and ez bypass?
why are there only 13 comments
Why are there no replies to any of these comments…? 😶
why would a bot use the internet
Why is there only 13 comments
Why do these comments have so many likes, but no one is replying? And there is such a little amount of comments?
If you are still thinking that these captcha's are to identify humans vs bots, you're extremely naive. We are literally training AIs with these millions of captcha's. Why do you think it first started off by simply identifying and writing words? And how it evolved into mostly street-related things. We're training AIs to read street signs and traffic lights, for example for self-driving cars. Not to even mention that big corps LOVE data, and you're providing them with loads, willingly or unwillingly. Gosh gotta love modern era, don't we?
Why can’t a robot add random mouse movements
Why is there so many likes on the comments...
Question: do bots even have browsing history?
Why can't I just make an AI that moves to an X, Y location "walking" in a virtual envirioment and then just trasfer that to mouse movement, and use that to make a program to select a random video and watch it?
Why are there 13 comments bro
don't they teach their AI what is hydrant, bicycle and stuff using us through this "let's check if you are human" thing ?
How does the video have over 200k likes but only 14 comments
Why does no one have any replies? This is a weird comment section
Wow.. my mobile has a cruiser??
Why cant a robot do a squiggly line?
So is it like uhm tracking across multiple browser brands or just the one it takes place in?
And if I'm on mobile?
Why do no comments have replies?
Wait, how can Google know I'm human when my browser history is full of AI p... ehrm... movies?
Why is there no answer to any of the comments ._.
What about on the mobile? U just tap it so?
What about smartphones, where there is no cursor .
Why are there so few comments 💀
Why are there only 13 comments?
Why not just teach the bots to move the mouse around a little first? And to spit out some premade browsing history?
What about when I use these in my phone
My search history?😐 will they know passwords we use?
Why there's so much likes but so little comments
Why does it even need to verify what is human and what is not lol
What if I'm a robot from a social media server farm...
why r the comments like that
how can google access the browsing history??
What does bot browsing history looks like?
Why does the short have 4 million views and only 13ish comments? Do the comments have to be manually approved?
why do they want to identify a robot? are there robots in our society? and using internet???
I've never had a problem with the 'I'm not a robot' schtick until Christmas. Maybe if a computer is brand new with a new email and new... Well, everything, there's no history so it's triggering a flag?
What the fuck 😭😭😭 why browsing history
When you do this, your also feeding googles Ai and teaching it what roads, traffic lights, and crosswalks are probably for some Google self driving car thing. I remember when this thing used to rarely ever come up. Now it will randomly come up like everyday and that started happening in like 2016 or something
What if there was a programmed bot to do random moves to go to the button
What happened if A.I.watching this 💀?
What if the robot just randomizes the movement and acceleration a lil
How does this have so little comments?
When she announced that Google uses one's search history, alarms went off in my head immediately...as a writer that googles really wanky stuff for writing projects, I can say that Google is probably traumatized by now.
My browser histories ??! 😨. How to delete browser histories ?
Waaait, so if I just do a little doodle with the mouse before clicking, I don't have to do the test??
What about on mobile tho? There's no mouse pointer
Why this video only have 13 comment??
Why are there only 13 comments
excuse me but wtf did you say in the end?
How about mouse keys? Its pretty straight and consistent.
So, how a I get reprove in this test and have to wait 1 day to try again?
I had to do the traffic light test 7 times before it let me, maybe im a bot?
Sorry only partly true. The picture things were used for years to train object recognition for AI w/o being in need to bay people for their participation. Nice corporate scheme no?
imagine the recaptcha just says: "why the fuck have you searched hot anime girls naked 726 times in the last week?
Why does this video have such less comments? Anyway this is such a great video! I never knew this.
Robot: Nah just do some random movement and click that box and I'm NOT a robot, right?
Why are there practically no comments?
what the hell how is this video viral but only 13 comments it's botted lol
Why can’t robots go on websites ? That’s robophobic !!!
So why bot cant simulate human behavior?
As if there s no way to program a mouse path more round   Also doesnt those captcha just serve to train AI?
Is nobody concerned that google can know all this shit?
It's a network of robotized spies who know everything you do with devices that are connected to internet. And humans invented that to fight, what? ..robots?
"they're.... um" "only human?"  death note reference?
I failed the Captcha test.... AM I A ROBOT???
why does this video have only 13 comments?!?
What abt mobile what movement they gonna track
what about touch screen devices like phone ?
How does this only have 13 comments?
When I couldn't pass Discord captcha for 40th time 🦾
why does every comment have 0 replies
How the video has only 14 comments?
Who else selecting 10 - 15 bus motorcycles cross walks traffic lites and cross walks in steam
How does that work with smartphone ?
why are there only 13 other comments😭
A decent bot can easily bypass this. Is this video 15 years old?
What does it do if it is a bot? No one knows.
When I was playing Counterstrike my mouse skills were better. And I got to click a lot of pictures :)
What do you mean in checking my browser history?!
Bots can't incorporate a randomised bezier curve to mimic human like movement?
Traffic light.... Do you only include just the lights or do you include the arm too?
why the hell is there no replies
Why do I fail it as a human?
What does it test if the test is in phone?
Why are the girls in this weird posture
Why are there so few comments ?
Bot: I can see your browser history mwahahaha *proceeds to do so* What the- WHAT THE FU- BRO?
Why the heck there are 14 comments and everyone have min 50 likes.
why are there no replies in this comment section lol
How does this video only have 13 comments but almost 200k likes???
What about in phones then? Lol
So, does it mean I have a good aim, if i get additional captcha every time?
Well robots can be fed trace patterns from ten humans before they click and they can emulate that.what now ?
What if it's an ipad it doesn't click it just taps
so the robot be browsing robots porn?
When I go to the USA at night before sleeping I have to give a visa interview to captcha every time
What about whose exact tests on android? They can't track my mouse movements, right?
Is that why my thing took so long the first time i did it on my chromebook is cause i had nothing in my history?
Why are there only 13 (now 14) comments on this video that has 177,000 likes?
What if we do it on a touch device...we don't use mouse
What is in a bot's search history? 😅
so how it does working on tablets or phone?
What if a robot see this video??🤨😕
Why the hell do I have to do 10 consecutives capcha though before I can actually get to the page I want to see!?!?
how does this have almost 200k likes but only 13 comments?
What if the users use touch screen? How's it gonna read the cursor movement?
What about on touchscreens where you don’t have a mouse?
How tf to they get to look at your browsing history?!?
How does it access the browser history? It must be built into the browser itself because that's breaking the browser sandbox.
SO ALL I HAVE TO DO TO AVOID THE PICTURES IS MOVE MY MOUSE AROUND ERRATICALLY?
So I have to click on images so often because I move my mouse like a bot?
When I searched how pressure control valve works, I was flagged as suspicious activity.
How about touch screen from your phone ?? There's no line in the cursor. 😊😊
What if I move my cursor perfectly on a new computer with no history or other data.
Does this mean I am smooth af with my mouse movements? Because I always get the stupid light and crosswalks, sometimes multiple times..
So everytime I have to put that ridiculous image thing is because I was too efficient moving my mouse?
What about in phones, there's no cursor?
if the only way it works is by tracking mouse movement, how can it work on phones?
What about smart phones in first case
So how does the i am not a robot work on phones?
