How to not get jumpscared? Just have a noise gate on your headphones; if there are no sudden sounds, the chance of you getting jumpscared are near zero.
How many games actually startled Charles?
What's name of this game?
Did Gladys in the ceiling jump scare you in ‘weapons’?
which part did he startle? game is so trash couldn't bring myself to watch the whole thing
I wonder if it's because playing solo vs hanging out with chat while playing?
yo Charly what earphones do you use?
when he hits 32 hes gonna start believing in ghosts
We don’t actually think 30 is old, right? W-we’re still young…right?
Omg. You mean. Critical doesnt have the most desirable personality and mindset on the planet...? Since when?
The greatest fear of all time, perhaps?
when he first got "JUMPSCARED" on the other game my first thoughts were it's definitely the insomnia
I zoom in on just charlie and watch him jump like 15-20 times and I feel better than I did before. Anybody else?
Does this mean that Charlie has also become vulnerable to the paranormal?
have you tried putting your headphones to normal?
That's crazy. I remember so many times where you didn't startle. I always think Markiplier or Jacksepticeye and so on with startlings. I love all the times where you pretend to startle in multiplayer horror games to deliberately scare the other players. Different time now huh... Also have you checked out Resident Evil's predecessor yet: Sweet Home?
When you hit 30. You start feeling your mortality
Where is the part when he gets jumpscared
"that sounds like perverts", Epstein is that you!?!?
how come these games never have death animations, its always putting a face on your screen when you die
I wonder if I am right, you are less scared when you are physically strong, you will be more scared when getting old, I wonder how scared a women feels
Are you going to cover the One Giant Onion situation?
Getting a bit up there, huh Mr white?
My guess is that your getting jump scared more frequently because you don't have a live audience??
how do jumpscares still work on people?
Can we get predator concrete jungle?
but is the game really that good, or is he just scoring it higher in his mind because hes not immune to jumpscares anymore?
Crazy conspiracy theory: Charlie never came back after season 1. Season 2 has been nothing but AI. don’t believe me? Check out all the “oh I’m old” statements that are nothing but cover for the AI mistakes that real Charlie would never made…cmon people it’s right in front of you. Black tshirts?????? Really???
are you going to talk about the alien mother ship that everyone is talking about?
What’s next? You’re no longer afraid of Cockroaches?
can you yalk about roblox prostecting pdf files and getting sued by the goverment
Are jump scares really scary or are they just startling? Something that is truly scary leaves a lasting impression. It gives you nightmares. Jump scares get you for a moment but then it passes. And with movies or games that rely heavily on jump scares, you get numb to it after a while.
What game is this? The animations look great
Video about Roblox Louisiana lawsuit when?
What if you are getting startled because you're playing games offline, for example what if because you play games on stream you subconsciously think your chat is there and you lose the "fear" factor from a game but since youre playing off stream you finally think youre alone playing the horror games so you are more susceptible to scares in the game but thats just me guessing lol
What the hell is going on.  - black shirt - experiences joy - experiences fear What else am I missing?
Is moist critical in a relationship?
Did he play Roblox again or something?
Where is Charlie and what did you do with him??
Can you play Deep Rock Galatic?
Could it be that streaming makes you less scared?
0:10 “complete” immunity? Are we forgetting a certain crappy game from a while back?
Does hitting 30 year old enabled your feelings and humanity???,
Is there multiple endings? I swear I didn't get to do half that stuff 😂 damn should replay
Getting soft in your old age?
why is 6 afraid of 7? 6 isn't afraid of 7. not after realizing what 31 does.
What if your limbic system was just so laggy that by the time your brain registered the scare, your body figured it's been there the whole time 🤔
i wonder which new feeling Charlie will unlock at 32
What hitting 30 does to a man
Why is almost every comment the exact same thing
Who else is hiding in the comment section right now? Lol
What game is his utube avatar from Green hair man with green beard who is that,it says beef and then it cuts off what does the rest of it say,and who is blue man crying blue tears what game is that from in his profile photo.?no answer.?for 40 years? 🤔
Will you make more plague seeker comics?
Never puts name in video title,why?
What a tongue twister of a title
Would you play Fears to fathom?
how dare youtube hide this from me for a minute
31 yo man unlocks pain, laughter, fear.   Perhaps love will be his next chapter???
Does this mean you will be better at ghost hunting!?
