Does this guy make a bad song? Seriously.
Can you please send me the an,t no love in
Do you need any help like love spell to bring your ex back, win case in court, ex wife back, ex husband back, pregnancy spell, sickness spell (cure to any sickness), lottery spell, marriage spell, goodluck spell, break a curse, protection spell, take full control of your partner, etc or do you want to be the best in all you do - lay your complain let me help you?…~
I wonder what Luke Combs would think of this song:  https://youtu.be/9GuYF3bg1_Q?si=2Rt5T-n7rGBDOO0e
why does this song remind me of lightning McQueen
Luke Combs - Back in the Saddle (Official Music Video)?
Who is a better country singer Luke Combs or Morgan Wallen?  Questionable.
Are you the one who steals others tiktok accounts??
What a combo! Luke, Dale Jr, and the King! That matte black with the number 8 is so sick looking 🔥🤙
Who is a better country singer Luke Combs or Morgan Wallen?  Questionable.   Kane Brown is a disgrace to country music. The worst garbage country singer?  Kane Brown.  He can't sing songs in tune: always off key and out of tune.
Who is a better country singer Luke Combs or Morgan Wallen?
Who listens this banger from Australia 🇦🇺🦘🦘🦘🦘?!?
When I seen those cloves. I knew right off who was in that race car.
why am I emotional after watching that :( I loved it :)
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥we need more please want to use by beat next time?
And cheryl crow should do a collab with luke mashing this together would be fire imagine the song real gone and back in the saddle would it be good or bad??????
Richard Petty back in the car??? Yooooo and Dale Jr???
Is it crazy I knew that was Richard Petty by just seeing his hands on the fence?
Great song and video!! Is that a tattoo on the left arm???
Does this Mean Jr is coming Bsck to Cup?????
Is that Dale Jr in the car?
Luke is a pretty popular guy in country music.  Huh?
WHAT ITS ALL ABOUT RIGHT THERE!!! THE OUTLAW, BOOTLEGGIN S.O.B. IS BACK IN THE SADDLE, KMON!!🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
I love it!!!! I got chills from start to finish. Did Dale Jr get back in the saddle just for this video or is this song made for him to come out of retirement?
What a great video! The song, the video nascar style, it’s just amazing
Does this mean we get Dale Jr back on the track!!!???
Anyone ready for RAM in the NASCAR truck series???
Is this a teaser for Talladega Nights 2?
Go JR.!!!!!!! Is that the KING?
Are you telling us Dale Jr is gonna chase a championship one more time?? He's literally the only thing that could save nascar at this point. Lol
what a song, what a voice, what a video !
What a Comeback Song 🔥🔥🔥 World isn't ready for a Luke Comeback
Lil’ preview for the NASCAR 25 soundtrack?
What a great song Luke! Nice to see ya back in the saddle and rippin it up, like u never left!!! Rock on 🤘!
Announced as the NASCAR '25 Theme song when?
How was it guys I missed it
What about my kinda Saturday night....when is that dropping???
This is going to be great? Who can't wait?
