I finished last life before I watched this why does no one ware helmets?
How does he have a mob egg in 33:37
13:22 GRIAN PROGNOSTICTED (predicted) PAST LIFE!!!???
Where did he get the spawn egg
Is there another fan of Real Civil Engineer? With all those bridges, you should've called yourselves the Engineers.
when you were making the bridge and said "i don't think iv'e ever made a bigger bridge" i immediately thought of bread bridge.
Why is nobody talking about what martin said...
WHY HAS GRIAN HAD SO MANY CHEESE DREAMS IM worried
When he says “that is one sugarplum fairy boy” it my me die laughing 😂🤣
35:20  Chill with the bridges G xD ever since bread bridge really?
28:42 iron leggings are the best, do you have ANY IDEA WHAT INSTANT HEALTH DOES WITH 5 SECONDS?!?!?
how about the sub one brain cell club
47:35 Why does Grian have a spawn egg?! Did I miss something?
28:57 anyone notice the spawn egg???
Man I need to try this out in Minecraft now. I’ll figure it out. Hopefully. Actually does anyone have the command block for this? Or is this a mod?
why is there a skeleton spawn egg in grians inventory?
Have they forgotten about limited life? 35:22 The bad boys bread, bridge and also how eager is he to escape the egg? What about secret life?
Why does he have a spawn egg
You could be called the bridge boys maybe?
Ok actually what is a spanner and a plonker?
Why did grian have a spawn egg at 42:50
43:19 the top two are- top twoah- TALK TUAH???
What is it with Mumbo and names only based on the gimmick
Get in the water? Epic reference???
why am i concernd when grian is panicen
13:24 ...Why is there a skeleton spawn egg there? Where did that come from???
why egg 18:04 also good vids also your are my fav youtuber
anyone notice at 13;30 grian has a spawn egg?
43:22 was that a hawk tuah reference?
When they said "Let's drop in on our neighbors" holding suger, I realy thought they meant bird-poop
When they were talking about records and bridges, my first thought was "Nothing tops Bread Bridge"
26:20 how did he get that spawn egg?
Why is their a monster egg in my boy grains invitory
Does Grian know what chasing the dragon means?
If Spanners runs its course, may I suggest "Bridge Bros" as an alternative/Bad Boys alliterative callback?
Why is no hermit craft being posted? Did the season end so fast?
Anyone else waiting for the next episode to come out?
30:04 Would cherry-flavoured Wotsits be a good idea, or a bad idea?
31:53 I know Grian made the season, but can someone explain why he needs a spawn egg?
when your father was a flying spanner , which is  an aircraft engineer who flies with the aircraft and attends to it at remote airports wherever it goes.
Why do you have a spawn egg in your inventory 🤨
was the skin clue because of mumbo's waffle? lol
I'm so curious about the skin "hint," like, what does it mean???
Am I the only one seing a face in the base???
how does Grian have a spawn egg?!
Whats the spawn egg at 12:55?
How quickly we forget Bread Bridge.
Why does Grian have a panda spawn egg?
what happened to the boogeyman in this series?
When Grian looked at the bridges and said “I think that’s the best base I ever built” I was really hoping mumbo would say something like “oh yeah the mansion was NOTHING. THIS is true art and scale.” 😂 Also I was pretty confident they were just gonna change their name every episode depending on the wild card lol
How come Grian has a skeleton spawn egg?
5:00 why does he have a spawn egg?
Who else thinks grian Should add a MINY bread bridge to the collection of bridges
what if this teams thing was that they change their name every week
Why is Grian giving such mom energy this episode?
Why did Grain have a spawn egg
How are we like 6 seasons in and the colours are still not colourblind friendly?! Grian. Green, Lime Green and Yellow look the EXACT same for me and Red only looks slightly different. Use Yellow, Blue, Black, White, etc for very different colours
where did everyone go AHHHHHHHHHH peak
can i just ask what the spawn egg is about?? i dont remember him getting it or what it would be for and nothing was said about it so im a little confused
I wonder how the theme song is going to be.
Just out of curiosity, why or how does grian have spawn egg?
why can't the wildcards be like... randomly picked? like 30 wildcards 1 is picked like each episode and it's picked randomly wouldn't that work?
Could there be a boogie man tag as a wildcard ? Even pore paranoia for the spanner’s 😂
Hi grian will u ever bring back build swap?
Why does Mumbo have grians waffle?
“this is the most bridge base in all of the 3rd life series” so bread bridge means nothing to you????
Why does Brian end up with bridge builds? 😂😂😂😂 first bread bridge, now tribridge
What did you do today. Grien: floted with dirth that i stole from a old lady mirdmade. Meow. hi, hej, helo, hola, a-hoj, goten tag, halo, konnichiwa, bonjour ♤] ¡$ #€£
Where did you get the spawn egg?
How does grian have a spawn egg
What about bad boys' bread bridge / skynet? 35:27
What Mumbo?!? That’s was def 10/10 on awesome scale!!!!
35:30 what about bread bridge from limited life?
Okay ik this is great but when's hermit craft ep26?
Remove the textures on all items when in the inventory/chests and stuff. Or make everything have weak durability. Including items without durability. Could you imagine how funny it would be for your dirt block to break?
Cool idea: At the finale episode, you could bring all of these wildcards back but like they all happen at different times in the season but they stack?
Most bridge in a base... and they don't think that achievement to the bread bridge?
Will the life series shop be reopening with this series at any point? I would love to get myself some more merch 👀
Grian, there was an internet cut-out where I live. Do you think they are connected?
So you're telling me that when things go wrong for everyone else in wild life you are going to tell them you threw a spanner in the works?
if i had a nickel for each life series where grian is involved in a trio with a bridge, i would have two nickels. it isn’t a lot, but it’s weird that it’s happened twice right?
Am I the only one who noticed the skele spawn egg in grian's inventory the whole time?
is there a place to download the modpacks used in the life series, so this can be organized with friends ?
Why is there no boogyman? I think that's why everyone is so chill.
Why does he have a spawn egg ??
What if the final wild card.. is ALL of them in one
How does he have a Spawn egg 33:39
Spreading positivity!! The life series is absolutely amazing!! What’re some of your favorite Wild Life moments so far?
How long has mumbo had a waffle?
Can someone tell me why the default fps for this video was 230?
42:47 he has a spawn egg?
When a build is so bad it breaks Mumbo… 41:16
Does mumbo also have an waffle on the back or has that just always been there?
Is the next episode going to be unabridged?
Mumbo "should we put something underneath it like a dangly bit?" How about clay balls?
Why did grian say I really like your skin as a hint
30:00 why does he just have a skeleton spawn egg???
is there going to be  a new hermit craft video soon? (no hate just wondering!!)
What about the bad boys bread bridge? 35:20
2:43 is that a spawn egg in your inventory?
I’m kind of worried as I watch this season that Jimmy isn’t going to be first out, what are the fans gonna do when that happens…?
34:05 "Dude, perfect." Say that again?
Who tf is the sugarplum fairy?
Is it just me or did anyone else see a face in the bridges? Typical Grian building 36:26
Hey I got an idea one of the series you add a bunch of fans to it to play with or smth?
When they start blowing up everything, Joel’s car is gonna be the first to go
How about every session you add a word to your group name? Current name: Sub-1 Spanners.
Why not change your group name every session? 😂😂😂
Why does mumbo have a waffle?
who else saw the spyglass and had to hit ah ahaaa
33:22 so they also have some spawn eggs? like loot from chest i guess?
WHY ARE YOU NOT CALLER THE BRIDGERS!!!!!!!!! 😂
who is the sugar plum fairy
26:47 how does he have a spawn egg?
Grian can you build on the next Hermitcraft season a mega base like season 7?
Is this subtle hints at what game Grian is gonna play next with a group of friends??? More iconic duo: Grian and Don’t Starve Together  😂😂😂😂😂
33:39 spawn egg in inventory???
Do you know what this needs? A BRIDGE REVIEW
are these bridges also justa. decoy?? always a good season when a bridge is involved!
About 18 minutes into the video, why did you have a skeleton spawn egg in your inventory?
How I imagine ancient peaople found out what food is good lol
It was too late yesterday so I couldn’t watch the whole live stream will the whole stream be up on VOD or?
Did you just get Sleep Dreams? Wow. World record for not getting it.
why aren't you using bundles?
Why the Life series always remind me of adult swim? No matter what pov i watch. I love this.
How does grian have a spawn egg at 31:16?
When mumbo said wooden shovel i just remember ina and biboo saying wooden shovel 😅
What if, and hear me out, every episode you all just add another name to your group. For example, you guys can now be known as the Sub One Spanners rather than just Sub One or just Spanners?
Did Mumbo always have waffle hair?
Why don’t you have the armor mod on?
i wondered at the delay, and sheer panic in your voice when i watched Mumbo's POV.  thanks to the bonus clip it all makes sense now. Grian was caught slacking. ;)  (probably typing the command to randomize the food again, LoL )
I wonder if this works in real life?
Wait if Grian and Scar are so close together, does that mean Desert Dou might be in this series?
29:54 im not sure if you are supposed to have a skeleton egg ??
25:00 why is there a random spawn egg in Grians inventory? HMMMM? And why is it a Skeleton spawn egg?
Grian: Mumbo youre the most paranoid man i know   Mumbo: SO YOU'VE BEEN MEETING OTHER MEN????
why does mumbo have a waffle excuse me
Randomized crafting is an idea, not sure if its a good one. But it's an idea.  Another thought would be playing with the number of hearts everyone has, maybe increasing them the fewer lives someone is on and decreasing them for people with more?
is there keep inventory on the server or not?
... Grian just has a slight advantage over the wildcard information?
Did anyone else notice that Grian had a (Skeleton?) Spawn egg for the whole session? Im not sure if i forgot something from last time or not.
Mumbo: literally starving and on the verge of death Grian: why don't you eat this untested food that could make literally anything happen?
does this mean that Grian has..... an IRON Gut??? 😏😏😏
Sorry why does Grian have a spawn egg?
2:53 why the sky look like walls OO?
4:48 as a pastime activity perhaps?
Every time a spanner dies, build another bridge?
What is this seed? I really want to build your base is. I had an idea for a mine shaft.
Can you do a wid card that doubles graviity(can only jump half a block and fall damage happens with half as much of blocks and so on
Help me make a compendium.   Phase 1:  Dirt: makes you float Sculk vein: food Cobblestone: Nausea  White dye: food Iron Ingot: Food Polished Deepslate: Food Stick: blindness Campfire: Night vision Light blue dye: Jumpy Scaffolding: Food Stone Axe: Blind Wooden Shovel: Haste  Stone Pick: Noise A hard to spell shell: Nothing?  Oak Log: Translucency Grass block: Noise  Phase 2:  Polished Deepslate: Infested.  Oak plank: Poison Scaffolding: Food Dirt: Blindness Raw Gold: Food Stick: Fart power Birch Sign: Water Breathing Birch Slab: Health Boost Deepslate Bricks: Jumpy Barrels: Food Bowl: Long sightedness Pink Dye: Food Birch Leaves: Food Dripstone block: Food Grian's Sword: Risk 100  Phase 3: Dripstone block: Food Iron Boots: Resistance  Iron leggings: Instant Health  Iron Chest: Food Amythest Shard: Food  Phase 4: Moss: Noise Pointed Dripstone: Food Dripstone block: Poison Birch Planks: Floaty  Clay Balls: Food Sugar: Slow falling  Phase 5: Sugar: Resistance  Deepslate Cobble: Food Wooden Shovel: Nausea   Could some of the "nothing" foods have given extra lives?
Ok what’s with the spawn egg in Grian’s inventory?
Okay who wants to bet Skizz is gonna die first this season?
Can you, Mumbo and skizz Make a bid base to feel small
Will there be a Bread Bridge?
Who else just came from the mcc stream?   Only me…  Ok.
At 13:25 , why does he have a skeleton spawn egg???
Isn't a spanner a wrench?
How ironic that this episode came out the same day I have a stomach bug, I’ve thrown up twice today  And I’ve lost my appetite for like everything
what happened to the nice subtitles :(
33:29 Grian out of context montage coming soon?
34:17 Does anyone else see that?
43:21 the what now Grian?
What is up with hostile mob spawn?
anyone know who they would predict how many sessions there are to make the right amount of twists?
When Grain mentioned a water bucket all I could think of was those yt shorts cuts where the guy tries to clutch and instead eats the bucket
Should someone tell Skiz that spanner is British for wrench (aka: tool)? Maybe THEN he’ll appreciate the genius of the name.
How is Grian's episode longer than Mumbos's if he was mining for HALF AN HOUR?!
when the series ends, please make these datapacks/wildcards publicly available! i would absolutely love to use these in a server with friends
Why do you have spawn egg in your inventory 2:44
is this what the hunger games is about?
Why is the video sped up?
When are u posting on hermitcraft season 10?
How was there so much death this session and none of them was Jimmy!?! The curse better get its @$$ in gear or he might actually win this time.
Wait what happens to hermit craft?
5:28 he has a spawn egg?
What other series brings you to the heights of drama while having people eating shovels
Why is it that these three can get stuff done solo but when they’re together, they have sub one braincells?
Why was this upload so far after mumbos?
What if a wildcard was fishing could give you other Minecraft items ? Like sugar cane ,stone,iron?or basically anything
33:37 Ok but there has to be a wrench-shaped bridge now right?
Why do they keep making things out of wood?
I really wish their name continually changes.  So far you can call them: Sub 1 Club Floaters Spanners  Whats next?
Did I just see Grian have a spawn egg?
Did grian just give us a fake ad at the end…?
20:16 why does grian have a spawn egg?
Does anyone else just love Grian's laugh? 😂
How is the meeting room not the shape of a spanner head? A move only a bunch of spanners could make.
5:18 care to explain what a ‘cheese dream’ is?
4:30 Anyone know where the spawn egg came from?
30:25 how dos he have a spawn egg?
Didn't.....  Didn't Mumbo's Season 8 base have 3 bridges?
Why does Brian have a spawn egg?
10:01 How did Grian get what looks to be a skeleton spawn egg? or is it a ghast spawn egg?
Nobody's talking about the enderman thing??? Nobody???
Who still remembers the bad boys?
I wonder what the twist is
What if every block mined adds a “miner” amount of speed.
Love the vids <3, but is hermitcraft continuing during the life sires?
why are you eating a 74 foot deep well in Wisconsin
hmmm... Mumbo doesn't have the grey streak in the Life Series?  So it's a Hermitcraft storyline?
0:26 Why does he have a spawn egg?
Why not be the be the bridge bois
what if damage was randomized? imagine oxidized copper dealing 19 hearts of damage but a diamond sword dealing 2
Why doesnt Mumbo want to change your team name from sub 1 club to sub 1 intelligence club?
Could you add the boogyman? That was my favorite and it would definitly fit the haloween season
grian... why do you have a skeleton egg?
Something I could have missed but still want to know do the wild cards stack?
Who thinks Mumbo is going to kick Grian off the team with everything that's happened XD
How about instead of being called something new each episode, what if you guys ADDED to the name. For example, "The Sub-One Floaters", or "The Sub-One Spanners".
Why do these guys love bridges so much 💀  They had the bread bridge last season
Did anyone else see the two people in the back ground falling down at 33:52?
42:44 JIMMY????? JIMMY W H A T??????????
Is the game laggy or the video or my cell phone? God😢
How did 50000 people watch this video in 52 minutes
43:08 "that's what you tell everyone isn't it" LMAO???
at 10:41 why do you has a spawn egg? >:D a silverfish spawn egg?
29:08 Anyone else spot the Red Dwarf quote?
The heck is a suger plum fairy 💀  Edit: When is the next Hermitcraft episode?
Are we allowed to suggest wildcards? It would be cool but it might take awhile to implement
39:40 Why does Grian have a spawner egg?
What if every few episodes had a wildcard which had permanent effects.  Like if, for example, you stayed the height you were at the end of the first session
Did anyone else notice the spawn egg in grians inventory?
13:26 why does he have a skeleton spawn egg?
Grian why don’t u have the armour thing on ?
why does grian have a panda spawn egg?
Does anyone know if the Life Series Merch store is going to open up again??
what was that about eating balls?
I am the only one who keeps forgetting they can shift near edges now and is panicking everytime they get close?
Why is your pov aut like 3 hours later then mumbo it’s torture to have to wait for your pov when other members povs is already out it’s like getting a huge cake in front of you and then not being able to eat it for multiple hours it’s just sitting there laughing at you on the table (by the way, this is meant as a compliment, and not as a hate comment towards when you uploaded I understand that people have different schedules)
Why do I feel like Mumbo is going to become a hermit living in a small cave paranoid… Wait he already is-
surely the no-longer Sub Ones still stay together…right???
where is the hermit craft episode
WHY DOES GRIAN HAVE TOVPOST AT THE SAME TIKE MATPAT LAST GTLIVE IS GOING LIVE 😭
How to get a lot of likes in your comments.  1. Post a comment  2. Dont be me because comments are rigged and only I get 0 likes.  Congratulations you have now gotten likes on your comment🎉
How dare youtube hid this from me for a minute
