What a great finish! Bryson is the best at playing from danger!
What a great question at 12:00. Kevin really had Bryson shocked with that.
How do you not love the guy??? Way to go Bryson
When he showed the love to that kid in the wheelchair while walking between the green and the tee, so late in the tourney when the pressure was really at its' peak, was something I'd NEVER seen a professional do on the golf course.  I flipped my switch on him right there and then.  Congrats to Bryson for the win but also for winning hearts and minds throughout the golf world!
Lack of real emotion ... or am I wrong?
What a story! What a guy! Thank you for growing the game
What a slap in the face to Rory getting beat by the LIV guy lol😂😂😂😂😂
How can you not like this guy?? His response to sympathizing with Rory was genuine and heart felt, what a good dude.
All I hear is fans fans fans. Growing the game of golf. The people around him… not me me me. What’s not to love?
Who cares ..........go, back to LIV, his win doesn't mean anything
What would Anthony Kim Shoot at Pinehurst?
What kind of watch is Bryson wearing at this press conference?
why are they yelling USA???? LIV Golf's Bryson DeChambeau suggests 9/11 families should forgive Saudi Arabia: 'Nobody's perfect'.
21:15 what could he have said??
Who says the best players are in LIV? All those that lost yesterday belonging to the PGA.
Did anyone else see Bryson go out of his way with the gentleman in the wheelchair? Bryson had every right to keep his head down and stay focused when walking by but he didn't. He looked up, broke his concentration and stopped to make this guys life. He shook his hand, signed his hat, and even shook his hand again.  It was the highlight of the championship for me.
What a championship. I rarely root For anyone in sports but I think I willed this win for Bryson. Aside from all the good Bryson is doing, the dad and Payne angles were so special.   Good job usga. Very little to criticize this week…except not showing Bryson (and others) second round on tv.
What a good guy! Wholesome dude. Good onya mate!! from the land down under
did anybody ask if Rory congrats him before rushing away ?
What a great major with a great ending that bunker shot was so perfect nobody else wouldve done that. Also the greatest major of the 2020's, maybe the last decade, was won by a liv golfer lol
Someone explain the "Money clip" "you can imagine what I was gonna say"?
Pros know how difficult a 55 yard bunker shot is on a green does not hold. It was phenomenal!  Couldn't happen to a better person.  Rory gave it his all, but the Gods were not in alignment. I feel for him since this one will really sting bad. Sounds both need a long vacation away from all this synergy.  Bryson reminds me of Arnie's army and the charisma. I don't remember Tiger getting all that engaged with his fans. Tiger is the GOAT in modern times,but sometimes aloof. Bryson signing the hat of the disabled person in the wheelchair and does a hand clasp in the middle of the last few holes shows what a class act he is. Tiger should learn from this. You can bet NBC Golf channel wishes the merger would be over and see more of Bryson for ratings. The PGA knows the gate is exponentially connected if Bryson is in the top 5 the last 2 days.  Can you imagine how sponsors want to get at LIV golf because of Bryson and pleading with Jay to get it done?
When Bryson came on the tour, a lot of people criticized his approach to the game. He has put in a lot of work changing his body to increase swing speed. People who hold physics degrees have  high  IQs and understand variables and  probability. He drives the ball as far as possible and doesn't care if it ends up in the rough (on most courses) because he knows the closer you are to the green the higher probability it leads to a birdie
What a finish! From not missing a putt both Rory and Bryson decided to spice it up on the last holes.
What was the joke about the money clip?
Grant Horvat and other YouTubers helped Bryson too. Last bunker shot..what would Grant do?
I wonder what happened to the winning ball he threw. He didn't seem happy with the throw lol
What a way to end it. Cinematic. Love to see such a gracious and determined winner.
What’s the wristwatch he’s toting?
What a clutch bunker shot!! You’re the man Bryson, so happy for you!! 🏆
What a fun tournament to watch !
Is that one of the best par saves ever? That had Phil at Winged Foot written all over it. Drive way left, funky lie, goes from crap to bunker, and then hits an outstanding 55 yard bunker shot. Unreal
