"Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend"
It's true.  That montage of them namedropping brands.  Nowadays I can't unhear it.
You forgot the one by Hennifer Lopes "even if you got no money, i'll still give you taco flavoured kisses honey"
*The Truth Assassins* "Five" How does one become a truth vampire? Why is complexity linked to Creation? It is inherent in political regimes to be based on a foundation of lies and ignorance. Ultimately, it is the truth that destroys any empire, and the greater the truth, the more damage that is done. It is also inherent in truth seekers to spill their bounty because it pays off in their brain chemistry. By spilling the truth, they win the game. The truth becomes immortal. The final truth shall bring the end.  "You know, Jesus had some inequality..." -The Prince of Darkness "The ring must be destroyed..." -Lord of the Rings Sensors and Meters! Panspermia! V time in outer space! The Threefold Way! Simple machine physics! The double-slit experiment! Incommensurability! Political math and strategic communication levels! Distillation and mortar and pestle! The number line between steel and spirit in particle-waves and hardness! For Philolaus and Henry Agrippa
My 10 year old daughter is more into 80's music than anything new music. She actually asked for a Sony Walkman and a bunch of Beatles cassettes and others from the 70s-80's. She can quote songs from the Beatles, KISS and Styx but had to ask what a "Swifty" was when she got invited to a birthday party last year.
*Proofs of the Gods* Here, we reveal in our subjects that all crime, and thus the collapse of empires, is deeply rooted in the male's achievement of the female in generation... 10/17/25, Graphic Design With Jeeves, Scribe of Thoth
There have been gay people in music as long as I’ve been alive!  Did you think Elton John was straight? When George Michael came out it was like, “yea, we’ve known dude.” And I’m pretty sure that Black artist, Michael Jackson didn’t do too bad at the Grammys or becoming a global icon. Why do libs always who were alive through this stuff try to act like the first gay and Black people celebrated in America happened in the 2010’s?  It’s so misleading to younger people.
this video is hard to watch
I’ll mention this. I am a Gen Z and clearly, there are music where we don’t have to sing about money, fashion and sadness all the time. There are Gen Zs who listen to bands including indie bands today, and they aren’t always about sadness as well. Sorry but to me, slit your throat joke was not funny, don’t like it and it’s how I see it. I found really negative.  Still, there are always different taste of music that people listen to including some online of artist that the mainstream scene don’t talk about often. I don’t see Hip Hop, Glitter and pop as a good thing for the mainstream as I got really irritated with it now as I rather hear better works of music than drilled pop tracks.  Ok.
Oral fixation. Talk too much.
This shit is bananas. I ate a banana. Are you proud? I didn’t cry. Cock tastes better than over ripe banana.
Do you think men go and kill other men in war to impress women? Instead of begging for sex? Does killing a man with a gun impress you and why? These Catholic men are hypocrites. You’d deprive me of an abortion, but then at 18 you’ll shoot my kid? It’s the same person. Explain. Can someone ask a priest? How is that moral?
Do you think men go and kill other men in war to impress women? Instead of begging for sex? Does killing a man with a gun impress you and why? These Catholic men are hypocrites. You’d deprive me of an abortion, but then at 18 you’ll shoot my kid? It’s the same person. Explain. Can someone ask a priest?
Hip Hop artist should try a little more joyful songs and styles of sound from the Motown days when the sounds were truly great !
Why it is not right to give people message to fill their emptiness with material things!? Isn't whole capitalism based on assumption that everyone should buy material things? So next capitalism should be cancelled!?  And at least I personally am very happy with all of my material things I have purchased to make my emptiness more enjoyable.  And Dire Straits "Money for Nothing" (released 1985) kinda glorified money? Mostly ironic or sarcastic way, but still.  And that Lambo-girl succeed! Now Kanye indeed is a jerk!  And there wasn't icecapade on rap, because "Niggas cant skate"!? :D Prove: How many black players in NHL?
I guess deep down he’ll always be a Catholic
Modern women want to sleep around until they’re 40, so young men have no choice but to focus on money
Probably the most down to earth realistic material out there right now.
I get where he is coming from but damn the lack of self awareness. The "we just want love not money" generation turned into the fucking yuppy boomers. The boomers with the median home price of 450k sure like to talk down to the other generations about materialism since they decided to flood the country with wage suppressors to prove how loving they are and to protect their stock values and 401ks and won't allow multi-housing dwellings or multi-level buildings in their precious suburbs.  TLDR Rich boomer from the richest generation to ever exist ,in the most prosperous country, yells at clouds about materialism.
Pussy,Money,Weed is one song.
Couldn’t agree with you more… ..❤
❤
Stop the Medicare Scams
I hated him years ago, but he's really making sense and connections now.  I like the new thing of him being center, not left or right.   Just correct and on point.
Mr Maher, sir I'll admit that I don't always agree 💯 percent in every single thing that you and your writers write. That should be okay, normal. As Michael Stipe once wrote:"you are not me". And I'm not Bill Maher. Still you've been on a great roll lately, I'd like to meet you sometime, but we live in two different 🌎🌍 worlds, and I've never been out West although you have been to the south sometimes on your, which you are stopping. I like both your shows, the podcast included. Maybe some how we will get together and smoke a couple of clove cigs, drink something more than cheap ass lite beer. And ponder the current state of this universe. Can you dig it man? I think you can. But don't call me Stan. And I'll not call you Al.
Now can we defund welfare
We all weren’t ok with it and especially our parents weren’t ok with it, but anyone going against “popular trends” gets ignored at best and shouted down at worst, at least since 1990’s.
So funny 😂😂😂😂😂
Good point about bragging about your money 😅😅😅😅😅😅😅
And what "culture" does this come from?
Old saying: "He who never had, and suddenly has, goes mad." That's what happens with rappers and such people. But for the grace of that nonexistent god, they are not homeless or in skid row or worse. They have nothing whatsoever that makes them MEN or WOMEN. So of course they have to flaunt what the money given to them by the brainless to listen to their drivel allows them to afford.
I was raised on Star Trek, The Twilight Zone and Hogan's Heros
There is a practical middle to this. It's not greedy for a girl to demand that a guy should be will off enough to support her and her children. I'm penniless, but we've got love is totally pathetic
You forgot the classic, "Santa Baby"
"Santa baby", Eartha Kitt, 1953
These things have always existed BUT. IT'S getting worse with every generation. This isn't surprising.  An overly prosperous society will degrade with each generation. You can poke a few holes in this, bug Bill is right, again.
All you need is ... cash????
When I was a kid all we needed was Satan lol
I’m old too Bill. We were the hippies, dropouts, bombed out, cool white kids🤮 seen and heard it all. Sad love songs to hate songs to money. What’s next? All been done to death or I meant overdone. HELP. I want to get out of here.
Sorry Bill, but 80s Rrock and 90s rap were about as materialistic as you can possibly get.
📁
Sad Bop didnt start with Billy Eilish. I guess yall forgot about 10000 Maniacs in the 90s.  The Flex Culture I talk about all the time.  Literally every time one of my line cooks/servers wants to share their soundcloud rap music with me I ask them to play something that isn't about the shit they have(that I know they don't).
I’m not that old (20) but it definitely seems like music has been especially bad recently. In 2012-2013 it was fine, if a bit derivative and bland, but if you listen to some of these “artists” today, it’s hard to convince yourself that what you’re listening to is music. It sounds like pure crap
I agree, but Bill is rich as shit, so its pretty easy for him to say...
Bill, there are no “parents” anymore. Just friends and sitters and day care. Oh and social MEDIA giving advise
You forgot about she works hard for the money
ya missed "diamonds are a girls best friend",  and "Santa baby"
Rap is crap to the boomers
One of his best!
lol thanks for the preachy $ bullshit lol, I like bull but he’s so out of touch… you can tell he’s never been broke.  We live in America bill, yes money runs shit.  Clown
Glam Rock, which mocked wealth and the symbols of wealth,  was seen as shallow and trashy. Maybe it's time for a revival.
Pink Floyd said it best. It’s the root of all evil today…..
Did they hire that woman in the crowd with her great big HA HA HA HA HA?!?😜🤪
While the poor people sleepin' With the shade on the light While the poor people sleepin' All the stars come out at night You go to Lost Wages Lost Wages You go to Lost Wages
Great conservative talking points. So... a liberal can see what happens now to a liberated society. The children are sacrificed to the god of hedonism.
All the best times in my life were when I had money. All the worst times were when I was poor. The worst year of my life was the year I ran out of money completely.
“What we want and what we need has been confused”   R.E.M.
Best Bill Maher ever!!!
“You can’t have everything.  Where would you put it all?”  — Steven Wright
I agree, also Bill Maher is finally realizing he's an aging white dude and black women no longer find him desirable
I never thought I'd see the day that Bill Maher would be one of the few wise people in entertainment 🤦‍♂
Pop music used to be so soul-awakening, inspiring, and motivational. Today's pop music is absolute trash.
Word up
Great point!!! Come see my here more
This one is great. It starts sounding reactionary, then becomes understanding, then defends  the position he's taking as worth arguing for, with humour.
One of his best new rules ✨🤞🏼
there's not one, not a single, fucking, episode, where there isn't someone in the audience way too loud with an annoying fucking laugh or shouting "woooooooooooooo!" why does real time not give a shit about the quality of their product? mic off the fuckin annoying lady, is it so difficult?
There’s a difference between owning nice things and letting the whole world know about the nice things you have. You can still have luxury but be humble about it. One, two, three expensive items and the rest is coveted and concealed.
Ahhhh, just stop!
Please stop smacking your lips, clicking your tongue, our just any of those annoyances!  I can’t even listen to you!
Please, Boomers stole it all.
proud to be a boomer
RFK jr gets my vote 100%💜F the 2party system🖕,,,....,,,
I mostly appreciate this, but including I Wanna Be A Billionaire isn't at all fair.  The song isn't about a guy who wants to just buy things for himself.  It's about a guy who wants to be rich so he can help people who need it.  Basically the opposite message of what you are rightly criticizing.  He does talk about buying things and hanging with celebrities, but interspersed throughout whole the song are lyrics like this:    I'll probably take whatever's left and just split it up (there you go) So everybody that I love can have a couple bucks (you too) And not a single tummy around me Would know what hungry was, eatin' good, sleepin' soundly
Right on!!!!!!!  ZERO talent across the board in today's music.  Now THAT is sad.
Waarom zijn marrokanen net als sperma?  ze komen met ze duizenden en er werkt er maar een.
Oh there’s no secret that the music industry and musicians in general have been used in politics. The govt have been keeping files on all the major artists, all the way from Elvis to guys like System of a Down and Kanye. Music connects to ppl on deeper levels so it makes sense that ppl in power would use music to sway ppl. They especially love their public endorsements.
Someone should tell Bill about lil dickey!!!!👌👍
teens love them some emo music! How much you wanna bet Dulce and Gabana and the other ilk brands paid those artists to vomit an inventory of possessions?
Listen to Kendrick
Spot on as usual
Just keep in mind this is all being said by a man with a private jet
Music is controlled by the Big Three Labels,  their greed is so overpowering you hear greed in the musicians lyrics.  Don't blame the kids they're not buying it. Look at sales tanking.  What Happened to Music? 1 Records have fake ai autotuned vocals 2 Sales have crashed since 1999, that's 24 years straight. 3 The Big Three Labels, 3 old men CEOs, control the industry. 4 No hits! Can't get a real hit song!
Musicians,  here's your choice: Give up any chance at a real career in music to allow The Big Three Labels to continue to control the entire music industry... , or oppose them.  They respond. Where do I bow down to Universal, Warner and Sony?  How do I send them my money? I don't want a career in music if it'll upset them!
Bill, be brave and say Three Labels control the entire music industry  and they have ruined it. What Happened to Music? 1 Records have fake ai autotuned vocals 2 Sales have crashed since 1999, that's 24 years straight. 3 The Big Three Labels, 3 old men CEOs, control the industry. 4 No hits! Can't get a real hit song!
I'm not a huge Eminem fan but he difference with the Eminem lyric "bitch I won't choke a whore" is that it's from the perspective of his alter ego character "Slim Shady" and the song is all about him leaning into the accusations that he is a misogynistic violent psychopath. It's not glorifying anything, it's whole point is to be absurdist and over the top to make people realize that he's not trying to be a role model. At some point in the song he rapes his own mother, hardly something even his most staunch fanboys would claim is cool.
https://youtu.be/YqdsNxS_fk8?si=CJLwrZNC9bT8zY0O
For starters  Eminem’s “When I’m gone” should be enough to tell you man isn’t materialistic
One funny thing. The american labels owns labels around the world, so It's pretty visible that influence inother cultures. Trap music is everywhere and is all the same. Here in Brazil, the brazilian country musice have this same "pimp" thing, mixed with trap vibes. I think this isn't a generationfight, or some old shitting the new, we're facing a really clear homogenazation of the music around the world, with the same messages. And even racial disparities or peoverty aren't a answer to that, great musicians came from poor areas, singing their feelings in their particular realities. This material thing is just shit, empty. You can sing that one, two, or three times, everyone have the right to be proud of their success, but just that?  Ans here the problem, we have a new generation that think is thug, but most of them aren't get families, relationships, even real  friends, an epidemic of loneless, and they  just don't have any music that can  even chill'em at all. Just material bullshit   everywhere.
Nothing is more childish and id-indulging than rap/hiphop. It's been down the drain for at least 35 years.
Bill Maher doesn't care where his Funds go.
there was a seagull in the audience that night
Not one love song Bill listened to convinced him to fall in love and put a ring on? 😂
Doubt Dave Grohl would get down with this beat…
I listen to rock, metal, funk, jazz, folk, and other kinds of music made with musical instruments and thats not materialistic its artistic.  Pop and rap music isn't.
He's picking on the rappers because they won't do his show.  - since he dropped that n-bomb.
Jimmy Buffet sand about bling, "Stepped on a pop top.  Blew out my flip-flop."
This guy produces gems.
I wonder if Bill knows many of these artists get paid by these designer labels to be mentioned in their songs. It's just another form of marketing, just like product placement in movies and tv shows.
Let's not forget the last 50 years of worshiping at the altar of designer labels. It amazes me how a generation who should know better by now still allows itself to be sucked into the game of pretense and false exclusivity, paying insane money for items of empty prestige.
The Lady gaga song also says You know I 'preciate the finer things But it's not what makes me happiest, baby
God, that yaking, laughing lady in the audience. I had to go to CC. I miss the covid shows with no obnoxious audiences.
Also, jump scares in your movies. Aren't you tired of it?
Some of the artists listed weren't those who performed the particular songs.
The common thread with all that modern stuff is that it's all crap.
Everybody?? I don’t know of any metal bands that flaunt their wealth.. maybe the metalcore or scene bands do but we don’t consider them metal.
You want them to stop talking about being desperate for money …. But, they’re desperate for money, to buy food, they need clothes, shoes, and transportation, but, no previous generation in most of the country made mass transit any kind of priority. Instead, we got Tesla cars and rugged individualism, which is a big fat lie. Show them that love is the answer to that and you gotta deal without even trying, just keeping your word as a light unto the nations.
over 150 years of property rights here in America, is the flaunting over yet?
I knew he was gonna turn into a race thing. the problem with that is those people who rap and sing about material and money were never denied that and have never been denied that. The people who actually were denied that like Tempations and all those other singers never sang about wanting material things or such. Even old school rappers didn't. NWA. Run DMC, Public Enemy. etc as far as I'm aware didn't rap about money and crap.
Tell that to the record company executives, they’re the cause. It’s supposed to influence consumer spending. Marketing strategies.
Yeah, I started out listening to my dad's rock albums. I loved it. Then highschool arrived and rap music dominated my social life...until I graduated, from school AND the rap music fad. From that point on I was back to rock music, and expanded my horizons to nearly every genre. I realized how little rap music meant to me when I realized how empty its messages had become.
Just to be clear, we ARE talking about rap pretty much 99% of the time. Not popular, and not false.
they dont do it in metal...real metal
I hate bratty children too and even I"m going "Okay Boomer" at this.
Still the older generation tried to tell us what to listen to and we fought them even indulged in what they were against just because they told us not to I'm not telling my kids what to listen to but I'll share my music with them
When you can't think of something to write about write about not having anything to write about......Bono
Send me money,send me green, make the bigger contribution get the better seat BOW TO LEPER MESSIAH.... Metallica (my pop)
That category is metal and hard Rock
“Ice-T and Ice Cube, but no Ice Capades” 😂😂
*prediction*: In a few years this insipid  'middle of the road music' will just be either crying sounds or sex sounds with a computer beat
That woman fake-laughing in the crowd is female Arthur Fleck 😂
"Get a second idea for a song." Uff! 🤯 That hit hard and i'n not a rapper.
Find me a pop /rap/ country song made in the 2000s that is not about things, drugs, sex, or another half backed love song..
Bill, you're probably the only " liberal " I can agree with. Most of the time, that is. Our politics differ greatly, again,  most of the time, but not always.  On Faith, we're miles apart . I pray the LORD will call you to Himself in a way you will hear and answer . After all,  you seem to be a pretty good guy !!😊
Beautiful, Bill! This was beautiful!
*Portals* “The Three Pitfalls” Women make great marketing tools. It is in the very nature of a female to get people involved. She must remain elusive in order to preserve her draw. Unfortunately, the world is mostly a death machine for dreamers. This quickest way to shut something down is to remove the female element. They make a great distraction for morons if you want to study alone. The other great marketing tool is violence and danger. People love to chase ambulances. They can’t look away! A man unresolved will quickly succumb to a knighthood, especially one who hasn’t studied completely.  The truth is controversial. Get out of it then. No. People don’t tune in because there are men. Only if the men reveal the truth of the world so they can argue about it. Successful marketing is a simple formula. 1. Sell the feminine aspect. 2. Create a sense of danger. 3. Lace it with truth from the vast traditions, especially secrets. There are other minor techniques like communicating a higher ground or more is more as opposed to less is more, but… -Francis Sooner Products like tobacco do not want a lot of press because then it disrupts the enjoyment of their products. They may use reverse marketing techniques. Guerilla strategies can be very successful but may fail over time because they lack in inherent qualities.
one word: RAP an absolute cultural cancer to society  and that comes from someone for whom hip hop was the first musical identity: i breakdanced, freestyle battle rapped, and wrote graffiti, and now i'm disgusted with what it's become
The best bit about this monologue is that it's coming from a guy making 10mil a year 🙄
Spoilers (edit):  Bill wasn’t half bad singing Loggins and Messina. And it’s especially poignant because he’s 110% correct AND he sings it as an amateur, hammering home the point even harder
When I was a kid there was nothing, NOTHING more uncool than advertising for a company that didn't care if you lived or died and I'm not that old.  I still have a theory that Ja Rule's career ended with *one* Coke commercial in the late 90's and the end of Wu Tang followed shortly after a song advertising their own clothing label.
Where you buy an honest friend or health?  The answer is nowhere, are things money can’t buy
George Carlin told those alpha males to cover up their hairy armpits because "you smell like an anchovy's cnt"I am referring to Brantley? "Rolex on a Redneck"... As an older person I some days ponder getting into some newer music but then...I saw the winner of the latest EuroVision Song Contest- Nemo...pass the weed...
Bill Maher- he polices the Left because they have gone too far left. A liberal who polices the liberals.  I want a somewhat funny conservative to police the conservatives on being ham-fisted on this & that. If you made $20 million in PROFIT last year, and your expense for a whole year is $65,825, please donate to make PR&VI a state amongst ourselves.  Or if you know that tax $ from legal MaryJane is going towards dialysis expenses for free for desperate people? Richard Nixon had a soul.
If you dont sing about the things they want u to sing about  You aint getting heard Popular hip hop. Is a marketing wet dream
I miss democrats like this
New rule Bill Maher and democrats must have illegals living in their houses. Since they support open borders.
Diddy it's responsible is responsible for Roughly 20% of that money.  His influence ushered in the materialism in hip Hop... While I'm use to it now, i hated it back then.  The beginning of the end of the appreciation of humbleness in my community.
This is a symptom, not the cause. Kids are narcissistic because the got a trophy for everything they did, win or lose
Formula for the radius of a circle? Did he even attend the 8th grade?
I can't believe in that time period where rap was so disgusting.I acted just the same disgusting why
That hits home
Wasn't blues/country basically just talking about how broke and broken you are?
Yes, we are fucked.
"people on the river are happy to give" ----Tom Fogerty (not Tina Turner)
Money that's what I want, was about musicians getting ripped off by the music industry
it is just music though... ...teach children media literacy
Great piece, but Jimmy Buffet was like millions of white kids who had to work our way to prosperity.  Poor white kids also covet nice things.  Not all, or even most of us, grew up in suburbia with professional white collar parents and opportunities to attend Ivy League schools.  Millions of us had to do it the hard way as well, so it is not a racial thing; it's a class thing...
Bill if you ran for President I would vote for you in a heartbeat
Honestly, its weird to find that metal and most of its sub genres (power metal, death metal, ect) is pretty free of this kinda stuff. At least, I haven't heard a song about wanting stuff in metal
I could not agree more with this assessment of modern music
Music lately has become really quite shit. Or merely derivative. Any time you see an 'Artist' with the talent level of Ice Spice and Lizzo at the Grammy's you know the era is not a strong one.
Wait, Bill, is your salary 10M?!?  🙄
I hate that all of Black culture is excused away but what happened 70 years ago. Enough generations have passed with affirmative action that there’s no excuse. It’s just their culture. It has nothing to do with racism. And any lack they experience is due to the laziness and irresponsibility of the people that “raised” them.
I don’t always agree with Maher, but sometimes he absolutely nails it. And this time he totally does.
I'm a conservative and even I agree with many of the things that Bill has to say and with this one he freakin nailed it 💯💯💯💯!!! Today's music is a damn travesty, a sick joke and a collaboration of disgusting words and obnoxious annoying noises that are so awful I'd honestly rather listen to a toddler whine and scream for an hour!!!😣😣😣
I used to enjoy Bill Maher but his recent slide into right wing extremism has revealed a side of the man that frankly leaves me cold.
Maybe music didn't promote this mindset in the past but most everything else in society did.
I despise the rap music of today, but like almost everything when talking about kids, it goes back to the parents. Let idiot rappers create their ‘art’ however they want, but also as a parent, actually be involved in your child’s life enough to know if he/she is listening to trash music or not.
As I said that Sunarts Ltd. Hong kong is belongs to my name Elsa Helen Ng; I'm the director of the company's but no one else's at all.  Furthermore,  China Overseas Lands and Properties Investment Ltd the stocks under my name as right now.  Who's can claims from my name of my business periods.
this is black culture poisoning everything
1. This is what Capitalism wants. Endless consumerism via insatiable lust for cheap goods that have high price tags. 2. Blaq ppl always waste money on things they don't need. They have wads of cash I've never seen any one else carry around. They call it "bougie" which is slang for bourgeois.
Bills generation made music with bones and sticks. 😂
My Grand-Daddy used to say "If money is your only problem, then you ain't got none"
Bill Maher is an old coot angry at kids.  Literally all his monologues.
I was a very very poor white kid worked my ass off got a good paying job. Can’t have what the songs say but I’ve learned to be happy with all I have. They just think they need all of it.
So be here's a rich dude with a ton of money and material possessions and probably zero stress because of it telling us not to want the same? Ok sure ..  😵‍💫
Bill Maher salute OG ✌️ MOMENTS IN LOVE ART OF NOISE REMAKE🎙️🎙️
On the other hand, I recently went to a bookstore where I was offered a $2 tote bag to carry my purchases emblazoned with the Beatle's line "All You Need is Love."  As an ornery philosophy professor, I said to the clerk, "so, if I say I love you, is the bag free?"  As an elderly lady - I'm the same age as Bill! - I'm able to get away with taunting youth in this way without being viewed with the suspicion of hitting on them.  She was nonplussed, so I pointed out that I wouldn't even be in the store buying books if I didn't have money.  The point is to have enough to fund a reasonable life without constant financial stress, and fund some treats and leisure time.  Beyond that all of the surveys of wealth and happiness show that after basic needs are met there are diminishing returns on the happiness that wealth brings.  I don't know if this mini lecture made any difference to her Gen Z brain, but I believe in planting the seeds of wisdom in my students' brains, in the hope that one day in mid-life they will say "Prof. B. was right!"
Ah yes, the studipizing and simplification down to the lowest common cultural denominator by talentless hacks with foul mouths. Gross. 🤢  Nailed it again, Bill! 👍
Oh Bill! 😂Still the best satirist alive!🙌👍
I would challenge them to stay out of debt
This is a fallacy - he's cherry-picking songs of today that talk about money and pitting them against songs of then that had wholesome lyrics. Did you know that Mozart wrote poems about farts? I encourage to look up a video from Vsauce on Juvenoia (which is a term for how old people constantly think that things were better in their day and age instead of now, especially when it comes to how kids grow up). Justin Bieber has songs where he's morally conflicted about having plenty of everything when he knows people in the world are starving. Yeah, you heard me correctly, JUSTIN BIEBER! The same guy that also has a song that just repeats "baby" over and over and over and over again. Sure, things need fixing in today's world, and maybe some of the songs today are kind of vulgar and have nothing wholesome to offer, but it's not ALL of the songs, and keep in mind that songs in the past have also not always been exactly clean.
Don't forget we live in a world where Kanye West has 22 Grammys and Jimi Hendrix has zero (0).
Probably the best I have seen from Bill. Needs to be seen by everyone.
It’s like watching last week tonight on half speed.
Did this clown really just give Tina Turner credit for “Proud Mary”?
it was good until the race card
Very perceptive 👍
Now you need to slam the Cracked website, because they seem to have a big beef with you.
Money for Nothing - 1985
Markie Mark Wahlberg was OG white boi to sing about money
That ladies laugh is horrid
Says you, a rich guy that probably has everything material wise you ever wanted.
No one else hates the fake laughing? Every time I watch the show I cringe..I just want to know I’m not alone
It is a wonder no one is banning those rappers songs that have all kinds of “ inappropriate vocabulary” used in them. Just try to include much less in your comment on FB, Instagram, etc…. It will be censored out so quickly by the “ On Lune Police”. Wish they did it for those songs for kids sake
I literally just heard the song that goes  Gucci Gucci Louis Louis Fendi Fendi Prada Basic bitches wear em and I don't even bother  I really liked the sentiment, only to watch this mere minutes after
Yeah my generation got tired of it a long time ago. It's why a lot of the favored musicians are independent artists, YouTube musicians and sometimes even random artists on Spotify. These big name industry musicians can maybe create a catchy jingle, but they don't make a lot of music that speaks to people anymore. That's found here. As far away from the status quo as possible. This trash didn't come from the soul of young people, it came from old people and focus group consultants wanting the catchiest crap for the lowest common denominator.
Democrats want everyone to be poor. Nice try Bill😂
OK boomer
Bill... Musicians need to get paid.
Seriously Bill is it that you and I have lived too long I'm 72 that everything seems so repetitive lack of imagination or ideas and this new concept of telling a tale or writing a Screenplay consists of non-stop flashbacks throwing up and inside information that makes you feel if you didn't read the book you're going to miss in volumes what the actors and dialogue are all about ... NEW IDEAS ARE GOOD BUT NEW ISN'T NECESSARILY GOOD IN ITSELF ... What I'm saying just because it's new doesn't make it GOOD or GREAT ... In fact from what I've seen of contemporary movies new has been terrible lousy CINEMA! AND MAYBE I'M JUST GETTING OLD AND I'M NOT HIP ENOUGH!
And vomiting doesn't make you a poet! Oh my God where is this coming from Bill Because every movie you see now they get OG actors as well as contemporary actors to THROW-UP in every goddamn film you see nowadays with a half a dozen to a dozen flashbacks and some of the lousiest endings ... And they call this Art! I don't get it, I really don't f****** get it!
Love your new rules about materialism music musicians young impressionable kids and you just gave me another reason why my 10,000 song library consists of jazz blues rock and roll Benny Goodman to Lady Gaga no rap no hip hop and you just confirmed the reason why Thank you Bill !!!$$$
Stop paying CEOs 1,000 times more than the lowest wage which hasn’t rise in over 20+++ years for the little people!
I would worry about the gender grooming until kids reach 12 years of age... just to worry about pop culture grooming them towards the next bad choices.
Bill you really get it ( understand ) my dude💯
Perfect.
Millionaire shames others for materialism
Thanks Bill, since age 9 I live according to my needs and not my wants though I can afford many of "my wants". I don't need it and it makes me very happy. I also don't live through reality shows; I create my own reality and live a full life.
Bill has the cojones award, make a minimalist and most consumerist songs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eNoms9wsGc
I heard there was a study many years ago where people when asked "How much money would you want to have based on what you now have.?" ..answer 25% more across the board, unsatisfied people up and down , and unable to be satisfied. Stones " I can't get no... satisfaction..."
Fight club quote the things ending up owning you
I don't blame the artists. They are here to make money.  They make music for what the market wants to hear. Just like Fox/CNN can't stop writing about Trump. Media companies (news and music included) make content for their audience based on what their audience wants. What gets the clicks, views, and listens? Make a song about love and being broke? Not gonna top the charts. Your producer would tell you to kill the track.  In today's age, viewers want songs about either being rich or songs about sadness, depression, and drugs.  The real question here....WHY is that the current taste and demand of the market?
I don't own shit thanks to #CanadianPoliticians💩... 🌎💘💰
The more Bill Mahar feigns being intellectual, the greater his failed deception is made evident. This rich guy suffers from several forms of untreated mental illness, the most prevalent being narcissism. Yeah...he's 'touched'. Sad, really. Where is his family and why don't they love him?@
One of the rare occasions when Bill Maher didn't talk about politics and it was actually better especially being as the topic was about my all time favorite thing MUSIC but not today's MUSIC and what he said about John Lennon and the song Imagine was spot on myself I would pass on being eeal
The emphasis isn't so much on MAKING money (earning it in other words) but just having it to brag about.  That's what's so bad about this trend.
The generations following are always the polar opposite of those before. Can you imagine Gen Z defending their taste in music to their grandchildren one day…
Well, as the World's Oldest Alternative Millennial, I have a very different perspective on music history. Alternative/indie has been fairly stable since the mid-1990s.  None of us cares what the world's insipid mainstream does, including create 'sad pop' or whatever he called it.  And of course, let's ignore that the world's insipid mainstream is created by people his age.  But yeah, it's our fault, just as it's been our fault for thirty years.  Gonna go listen to Radiohead and Sonic Youth now. They're still not dated, and you know it.  Cantankerous old git.
Hip hop for the most part is - Money  -  crime - indecency
The equation for the radius of a circle? That makes no sense. The radius is a unit length. Maybe the equation for the area of a circle or the circumference of a circle. What uneducated writers.
It’s a hip-hop problem. But, the biggest star in the world—Taylor Swift—doesn’t sing about materialism at all.
1:01- Opportunities by the Pet Shop Boys
Another example of why music sucks anymore.
Bill I'm the author of EIGHT DAYS IN AN INNER CITY SCHOOL. Please say something about the out of control OCCUPATIONAL LICENSING for k-12 teachers in this country that's why we have teacher shortages
This tired throwback narc might have a little money but he’s missing some key elements of a real man like integrity, honesty and a set of balls.
Everything that's wrong with American culture began in 1619.
Bill is just great as always
Tina Turner did not write "Proud Mary". It was John Fogerty of Credence Clearwater Revival. Most modern pop music sucks.
Punk and hardcore never succumbed to this😊
Listen to a REAL country song called silver and gold! That is a gem. Better then beyonce's fake shit, her, taylor, keith urban, none are from the south, they are all frauds!
You’re basically describing black people music, the most frivolous and untalented BS ever created.
Yo you attributed the Proud Mary lyric to Tina Turner, when it was written by CCR.
New Rule. Someone should slap the rose tinted glasses off of Bill's face as he reminisces about a time that never was. You just invoked a 30 year old quote from Sinead O'conner to bash the kids of today when it was clearly a problem 30 years ago as well with their parents. Also, there were a lot more songs about materialism than the two he mentioned. FYI, Bill owns a Ferrari, a Benz and a Porsche among others.
Thys iz da tru.
amen to that.
Remember all the people that sang those non-material lyrics were millionaires. There is a certain irony in that.
Bob Marley-   “Destruction of the soul is in Vanity”
Hearing this message ( which I agree with), from a multi millionaire, is a little hypocritical.    .
this whole weird thing became big around same time as 'innatural wokeness' started - around the time of Occupy WallSteet proptests, where all the elites put all their power into sponsoring propaganda for youth to do ANYTHING but smth similar to occupy wallstreet was 😁
Yeeah.....its...Its almost like the boomers didn't really have to worry about money, so they focused on love.
Bill Maher one of the biggest idiots on TV! still sticking up for dementia Joe! lmao what an idiot! O'Keefe media group  just exposed and proved with a sting interview from one of Bidens people that admitted right on video that Biden is on amphetamines to counter his dementia! from one of his own loyal people,  come Bill! either call yourself an IDIOT! or admit YOU WERE WRONG! or we will never let you live this down Bill! if you delete this from here it will just pop up in a million more places!
By 12 youre done with your parents and by 16 yo write memoirs,
Oh bill...please, you make $20 mill per year? Why don't take a pay cut and donated it???.....WH**E  hypocrite.
Hey Bill, Jesse J  said it first 🙂 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMxX-QOV9tI
That one woman who is paid to laugh loudly at everything Maher says along with a cohort of those who clap loudly (I guess a sign goes on) is so freaking annoying an pathetic. Does Maher real need that to feel good about his joking? I mean, it is so obvious that the audience is expected to laugh an clap at whatever Maher says that perhaps it is just all canned? This is particularly horrible because Maher does not need to do it. Here he is saying something crucial about the deep pathology of America culture which is that consumerism is taught from very young on because Corporate America requires a type of human that will spend to buy anything to keep the economy going and, in the meantime, it ultimately contributes to massive unhappiness and then drug and alcohols abuse, mental idleness, homelessness, suicide and homicide. The tragedy is that there are very few Americans who speak to this truth. And the hypocrisy with Maher is that he is very rich and on his other show at his home, his lifestyle is replete with the kinds of things he is criticizing here. Quite honestly, I doubt Maher ever really has put much effort into really promoting anti-materialism himself. His show is an example of how he wants to maximize profits by inviting on the most extreme MAGA personalities and Trump's sycophants whom he gives a pass to in the name of being 'fair'!!!!! This is really pathetic.
So true
Clothing and lack thereof, has gotten as filthy as the lyrics in the entertainment industry.  No finesse.  Plenty of filth. The B word, C eo\wrd, D word, F word, all used way too much.  All are so disrespectful and degrading.   And parents are allowing children to listen to this uninspiring garbage.  Once innocense is lost it can never be again. They just dont care.
Bill is my mind crush- always relevant and on  point with what matters most.
Many of us are decent folk  Nah stupid evil greedy people value money over humanity trait
Back in the day, it was whoever had the most toys when they die wins!  Dude, you're still dead!
He has a point.  I knew that when parens started getting their kids cell phones at an early age kids would no longer have a clear understanding of what it means to actually earn a living.  Entitlement Syndrome has gotten out of control.  Let's hope there is a cure, oh wait there is.  Common sense and telling your kids NO.
@BillMaher You are wrong! ABBA sang Money Money Money, which is still a worldwide hit and is still reenacted in theatres and movies. The song is even older than the first ever recorded Rap (Rapper's Delight ~ 1979).
Well done, Bill.
I have a car, some model cars from 80's films, a PC online, two streaming services, one or two books at a time, dishes, clothes, and essentials.  That is all I want and all I need.
Good points
For once Maher makes a lot of sense; I wish he stopped  looking at  the Dem party through his rose tinted glasses and see them for what they are: a bunch of corrupt, money hungry bastards who would sell their children to be the richest cunts in their Martha's Vineyards.
"Recent Offerings": Mo Money Mo problems?! idk man seems superficially researched....
Brilliant - so well said / written…. We lost Sinead, broke my heart….and we’re left with all this garbage “music”.  TRAGIC 😮
The sad part is the ones that respond "Ok Boomer" to calling this out don't even realize how enslaved they are to the companies that keep them chained.
There was no blatant materialism  in 70's and 80's hair bands?  Poor Bill is an old man who forgot.  I never heard of a band selling out in the 1960's or 1970's. 😂😂  .
People are choosing to listen to crap. Most of the music I listen too (rock mostly) doesn’t glorify money. If anything it’s mostly whining about relationships and emotions, looking at you indie rock.
I have zero connection with today's music. That's because there is nothing to connect with. It's very shallow music. I t started when I was teenager in the 90s. I didn't like it then, and time hasn't changed that for me. But hey, they're making money. The BIG problem is these artists sexualizing women the way they do. Men and Women do that. I wonder how parents, especially people with daughters, are supposed to compete with that when it's what their kids admire?
Spot on Bill!😂❤
5:40 wow wow bill. Carefull there. Sounds like a roundabout way to tell poc to get over slavery.......
Don't forget "Money, Money, Money" by ABBA...unless you're trying to forget ABBA completely.
Poop music
To be fair to those of us millennials who AGREE with Bill Maher, it truly IS the simple-minded folks who are the ones fixated on the brand names (at least the ones that can afford it lol)
That only affects you, if you understand the lyrics, though. Try listening to songs in a language, that you don't speak, because let's face it: Bill's counterexamples were also cringe af.
If parents don't teach their children values, this is what they turn to
Back in '81, my buddy went into the Navy for 4 years. He came out with $50K in the bank. He said that on his ship there was nothing to buy and if you did want to buy something while on shore- you only had a small locker on the ship, so nowhere to put it and if you buy it and send it home, you won't see it for maybe 9 months to a year so why bother. Seemed like a good way to learn to live without things.
I think there were plenty of us that didn't get what we wanted, came from poor families, and were glad to embrace the move away from 50's and 60's materialism.  I was happy so the idea that you needed stuff to be happy didn't actually make sense.
Happiness is not how much you have , it’s how you feel.
1976 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETxmCCsMoD0
My pop music was America, Jim Croce, Cat Stevens, The Carpenters, The Little River Band, and so forth.  Some of the finest.
Didn't all those classic rock stars make money Ozzy Osborn side plan and simple as ozzy has the ability to the only reason he did the reality show is because MTV paid him a LOT of money I don't blame any of these people for doing what they need to do to make the money the problem is the system the undervalues the workforce nobody gets Rich by working hard that is a illusion
Personally I love rock and roll it's my favorite butt it's dying because bunch of dudes jumping around on stage ain't got shit for hot chicks shaking their asses so if I want rock an roll to survive they need to find a hot little bitches that  are willing to be exploited in exchange for wealth
There’s a fantastic band called The Warning, and they have a song called Money that talks about the dangers of unchecked materialism and the lengths that people will go to in order to acquire material things.   Hey, woah I don't wanna break this down to you It's a cruel thing that we learn to do 'Cause we all gotta pay for something We all gotta kill for nothing Happiness has its price Less isn't more in this business Rapacity will be the illness That we will learn to love  Are you worth your weight in gold? Going once, going twice, sold It's all about that cold hard cash, hun Woo  Go ahead and cry shallow pools of blood Diamond noose at your throat  Hey, woah Hey, woah  Moral code updates three times a year Truth that's dipped in gold's just as sincere  I'll never ask for forgiveness I come with God as my witness I pray He'll wash my hands It's sad and that's true and the world hurts Sold your soul, that's how it works We're human after all  Are you worth your weight in gold? Going once, going twice, sold It's all about that cold hard cash, hun Oh  Go ahead and cry shallow pools of blood (cash, money) Diamond noose at your throat (cash, money)  give me that, I want that (Hey, woah) give me that, I want that  Go ahead and cry shallow pools of blood (cash, money) How long will it last? How long 'til you learn? (Cash, money) 'Nother stack of sins to be buried in (cash, money) Diamond noose at your throat (cash, money) Hey  Go ahead and cry shallow pools of blood (cash, money) How long will it last? How long 'til you learn? (Cash, money) 'Nother stack of sins to be buried in (cash, money) Diamond noose at your throat (cash, money) Hey
A critical difference that needs to be learned is that between 'having what you want' and 'wanting what you have'....
Nice Bill, I see this very much and what a great topic for a monologue.
I remember a bit where Steve Allen read the lyrics to then current pop songs.....just read them in a monotone.....and how hilarious they were.
My guess is that a lot of it and especially with the "top stars" is basically "hidden commercials" like the way the tobacco industry paid for movie starts to smoke on and off the set
This materialistic mentally was created by Boomers , this is the results of all their actions, who benefited from all this nonsense? Boomers!! The Day they drop the Lamborghini and Starts driving a Tesla you can blame the new generation . I do remember at one point Tommy Hilfiger saying he didn't wanted to see black people or minorities wearing his clothes because they were designed for white people. Now they are all using minorities to boost their sales.
Reminder: Bill Maher has a net worth of $140,000,000 and he’s preaching about materialism
Money by Pink Floyd is about how money doesn't solve problems.
Don’t you love it when millionaires tell you that you shouldn’t want nice things.
Listen, here's the thing, and you ought to know better than anyone, Bill: The entertainers don't get to choose what their audience wants. It's not Hollywood or the Music industry's job to regulate the aspirations and priorities of their audience, it's their job to *CATER* to them.  Personally, I'm fond of Mo Money Mo Problems (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUhRKVIjJtw), which, if you pay attention to the lyrics, doesn't actually glorify materialism:  "I don't know what they want from me; It's like the more money we come across; The more problems we see"  Besides, you're talkingi to a generation of kids who grew up during the Great Recession, when this happened: https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/DRSFRMACBS. Is it really any surprise that a lot of them are obsessed with financial security after living their formative years in the shadow of the biggest financial disaster in 79 years?  Finally, if you don't want to get lectured by conservatives about sex, drugs, and rock & roll, or by liberals about diversity, equity, and inclusion, then maybe don't start up throwing stones yourself. You're making Frank Zappa spin in his grave.
Sorry, Bill. This is the epitome of Old Man Yells At Cloud.  How many generations have lamented that the youth are being corrupted? What makes it right this time? Is it because you're the one who feels that it's true? I'm sure that every generation that looked at the depravity kids were exposed to and emulating were just as certain.
Money = happiness. You can buy anything woth money. Money is the best thing ever.
You're a fine comedian, Bill. Don't sing don't ever sing
What the music industry does not exist anymore.  Gene Simmons point that out how artists are on their own and there is no record company to back them like they did in the past.  The record companies took a lot but they also promoted you.  Today you need to self promote which to many people have no idea on how to do.  Check out the movie The Dirt. Those clubs in California no longer exist like they use to. Streaming has really messed things up for Artists.
Music today brings no joy and has not good meaning.
Bill didn't you say that Eggs are not expensive? That inflation has not gone up to much. People want money so bad because the people who have a lot of money, don't think about the price of things or when pay day is. Or the things needed to sustain life such as food, water and electricity "EGGs".  I'm not against people making it or being very rich it's when they say there is not a problem when in fact everything costs so much more. My hero's such as Eddie Van Halen, while most of his music was about love and partying. We all know he had a lot of money. But there was one thing that he did differently and I hope you can say this about yourself and everyone can say this about themself. With what you do for a living. Do you bring joy and influence  and happiness to people like Eddie did?  Can you say that about yourself? Or can anyone of us say that about ourselves?
Laughing WOMAN this week. She's there for the money, honey 🍯.
yeah he forgot to mention that prior to the 90s there were also these songs "the big money" "Keep you're eye on the Money" "Money for Nothing" 'Money" (pink floyd) "Money Talks" "Easy Money"  "take the money and run"
Funny thing is that the most of clebrities are depressed and addicted
“ when you’re 12 you’re done with your parents and you get raised by pop stars”. So so true! Haven’t thought it that way.
It's just the capitalism reaching its end...
Damn did I miss Bill Maher ... 10 years and not a day older.
He is right.
People will laugh at anything. Some of this is funny but most of this is sad
As an old fart I had no idea things had gotten this bad.  Years ago I knew a young woman who had grown up in a wealthy family and was, as a result, perpetually unhappy because there was no way she could reach her old standard of living.
That "ha-ha-ha" woman in the audience is making me so crazy I might have to stop watching Real Time
One thing you forgot all the singer and bands in past who where singing "we don't need money" where rich
Would have been perfect if he tied this to the Stanley cup hoopla
I think you got it wrong there Bill. The focus is on money because the accumulation of it is what society rewards. . Trickle Down Doesn't, and Boomers pulled the ladder up behind them. Single Men cant' buy a house, much less find a wife unless they have wealth, the wealth these items represent. The music reflects the values of it's society. Dont look down on it, realize there's a problem. Complaining about it is just whining.
Progress: Bill has replaced the Annoying Laughter Man with the Annoying Laughter Woman.
I wonder about the young people growing up listening and believing these types of lyrics about materialism 🤔.   When they become adults realize that life ain't exactly what those songs told them , i.e. money ain't that easy to get.    Will they become thieves perhaps assuming that life owes them..?      In Mexico, children are commonly seen asking for money, especially from foreigners and they can be persistent about it...perhaps they'll be demanding money in the future, or else.   😮
Americans planning vacation in Sanctuary areas should reconsider. They NO LONGER deserve our tourist dollars. They are SUPPORTING THOUSANDS UPON THOUSANDS of unvetted, unknown illegal immigrants from over 100 countries(with YOUR tax dollars). Unknown numbers of them may take your money, valuables and/or life. Vacation where you feel "safe" & ''secure'', 2 things Sanctuary areas CANNOT provide. Google "sanctuary areas in the USA" to see where to avoid.
The only changes to immigration law since 2020 were E.O. 13993, the 9th Executive Order Joe Biden signed on January 20th (Moments after he took the oath of office saying he would uphold the constitution with his hand on the Bible) & May of 2023 when title 42 was repealed by Joe Biden that resulted in numbers of illegal immigrants increasing exponentially overnight. Who do you think is responsible?
Unfortunately kids have a lot to be sad and anxious about- political instability, climate change etc...
You Rock Bill !!!
Could not agree more with that.  The music is horrible over and over the same song, the same words, and basically the same notes just arranged differently.  It's awful.
Is there a better team of writers that can craft a five minute slot more poignant that Bill Mayer’s New Rules? I think not. Maher is one of our most cognizant philosophers. Add the sense of humor and we have a gem.
Bill is multimillionaire how ironic
This is a pop/rap problem. Start listening death metal and you'll be fine.
Even older people are F****D up about the cost of things these days.   In my hometown; it is going to cost $45 million dollars to put "friggin sidewalks" on a 2 mile strip of a Boulevard........Heck;  You used to be able to build a city for that!!!! I posted this comment on nextdoor and "even a boomer called me a boomer".........LOL
Yep; greed and conspicuous consumption is as old as humanity itself.....BUT,   it is always new to each new generation; and glorified by each generation's  influencers......It is a phenomenon that "regenerates its ugly concepts naturally";  in those new participants who; like Crows; are mesmerized by every shiny thing;  who bring it all to their nests.....and convince themselves they have accomplished  something (talk about self-deception).....
To be fair neither Brantley Gilbert or Florida-Georgia-Line are country; they're pop with spurs.
America strikes me as incredibly mercantile and money hungry, where greed is not only celebrated and encouraged but also taught and demanded to an absolutely cartoonish extent. It all probably has roots in different aspects of existence here, both now and historically, but this is absolutely and utterly disgusting. It teaches people to be more selfish and to care less about the rest in society. It is also debilitating, because it has left a bunch of generations of people with completely screwed value systems and moral compases.  I lived for years in multiple countries on multiple continents and have never seen this to that extent anywhere else. Not even close. I guess that is also, to some significance, why people around the world feel the way they feel about America too.
Gotta 💯 Agree with Bill on this one!  It Bothers me a LOT seeing kids that i know their Parent(s) are struggling to keep a roof over their heads but they need a Chanel belt or Burberry jacket (2 yr olds) to feel like they’re “Worth Something”!  Ronnie & Nancy started THAT mindset!!
I Couldn't've Pointed This Out Any BETTER.  GREAT JOB BILL  👍🏽👍🏽❗
The Beatles did a cover of "Money (That's What I Want)."  Singing "Imagine no possessions" when he owned several houses got John Lennon killed.
There was also "Money" (1973) by Pin Floyd and "Big TIme" (1986) by Peter Gabriel.  Both were popular when I was in high school in the '80s, but I think they were meant to be satirizing materialism,but the messsage alot of kids heard was the opposite.
I'm older and my house is jammed with so much sh*t I don't have one square foot of free space left anywhere.   Not only is all the wall space gone but every closet, drawer, and shelf is jammed to overflowing.  The storage shed filled up a long time ago and the garage is too full to even park my car in.  I can't buy anything else now because I literally don't have anywhere to put it.  The thought of trying to give all this crap away just looks too exhausting to me now.  When I die I feel sorry for whoever has to clean this place out.
You forgot "Money" by Pink Floyd, "Lust For Life" by Iggy Pop (where the singer proclaims, "I'm worth a million in prizes"),  "Money Money Money" by Abba, "Rich Girl" by Hall & Oates, "Free Money" by Patti Smith and "Money Money" by The Grateful Dead -- and those are just some of the songs about money released before the qge of Madonna. I guess I'm just trying to say that the haves and the have nots are not new battles -- they're just becoming ever-more common.
🌞 Happiness is not having what you want, but wanting what you have.  Americans need an attitude of gratitude.
What is this terrible new laugh track? Get gone loud haha
so if this audience actually UNDERSTANDS what he is saying...WHY T F ARE THEY LAUGHING?
Well, religion is  run  by  the mentally  ill,  Education  takes  you  nowhere.  Lovers have  mean  divorces . Money is  all that's  left .
todays music is the worst music to ever chart in the history of music - rolling stone magazine
Pop music sucks, has for years.  Listen to red dirt country, best new music made in the past decade.  Artist like Sturgil Simpson, Cody Jinks, Zach Bryan.  You won't find most of it on the radio, but it's real easy with streaming.
Stupid George Santos is making a supremacy gesture.
That’s why I listen to Black Metal, Horror Punk….
I was never okay with rap music.  I have watched my metalhead friends turn to rap music, and that lead them to thinking about calling women b*tches, fancy cars, fighting, robbery, money, look down on people.  Rap is gross.
People who know the price of everything & the value of nothing.
Thank you Bill for this....
Hmm, Bill, the multi multi millionaire, says money can't buy you happiness. That is neither original nor credible. He could not buy happiness in his movie star neighborhood.? C'mon man, accrediting some forgetful man who first said that, even Hugh Grant discovered he could buy a very happy oral minute with Deborah Brown in a Hollywood sidestreet. And he got  half price because the evening rush had not begun. Isn't happiness be able to avoid doing what you are told?  And getting whatever you want, and yesterday?  And getting people around you to always say yes, and defer to your most idiotic musings, like your paens to Israeli bullies.. At least you could let your wealth allow you to stop the Jewish half of you from dominating the Irish half. Let the Irish half out in the sunshine  for once, like, compare the Mistaarvid, Mossad and Netenyahu to the Black & Tan thugs. In a funny way.  Get your writers to develop that. Yesterday. You might even channel Michael Collins or Thomas Ashe (Gregory Peck's relative) in regard to settler colonialism. Peck's ancestor was said to be priapic; you might even find out you are related to the actor and start cultivating a deep voice. Priapicism is more fun and arousing and less hypocritical even alone  than participating in the Hollywood Chorus of With Israel for Peace,
Lately Bill seems to have this one lady in the Audience that just does the most full on laughs at everything and by god is it annoying...
Don't forget Rickie Lee's Easy Money / Van the Man's Blue Money…
Even Bill has trump derangement syndrome
Blame balck culture and its influence.
It's a pity that most of todays' talk show hosts either don't want or don't know how to make a double knotted tie. Ahh, got it off my chest, at least !!! Btw great vid, as always
We should tell all the mothers who are dying to see their daughters married that they should not look for a rich husband.
Don't necessarily disagree with anything Bill is saying , but if anyone is wondering, his net worth is one hundred and forty million in dollar's
A f...ed up country with a sh..ty pop culture!
"they don't gotta burn the books they just remove em"
That´s why ambitious music like classical music is so important. Pop is like a Big Mac and you can´t call that a healthy diet.
These so called  "artists"  nowadays regurgitate about their material possessions in lyrics because they don't have the skills to write a decent song
I had a similar idea toward the Olympics/winter/Summer Games, etc. which is narcissistic and nationalistic. How about a Decency Olympics. Imagine.
Been saying this for years now. Even though I realized how foul some of the songs I grew up with in the 80's and 90's were and realized how the songs from the 70's, when I was a kid didn't have that foul element. As much as I love old school rap- gangster rap, it's what started the foul nature of songs. And so many depressing songs nowadays too. There are no new creative ideas anymore, it's all been done... Great observation piece Bill.
Anyone else wish that Bill would have given that Proud Mary credit to Creedence Clearwater Revival--where it belongs?
I'm still poppin tags.
Bill Maher is the new Garrison Keillor Lake Woebegone Days.
I think it needs to be recognized this phenomenon didn’t start with gen-z. Lets look at what George Carlin said in one of his specials:  [speaking of Boomers] "These people went from 'Do Your Own Thing' to 'Just Say No. ' They went from 'Love is All You Need' to 'Whoever Winds Up With the Most Toys, Wins. ' And they went from cocaine to Rogaine."
The Music I remember most  was the protest 🪧 music.
Agree with Maher's point 100%  but holding up '60s and '70s rockers as being some kind of antidote is more than a little disingenuous. And 'Imagine no possessions' is hypocritical horseshit.
"No materialism" says a millionair who expects people to pay subscription fees to watch his show
Man, such courage! Stand tall Bill - you'd have been a treasure to Ghenghis Khan!
True
weak
I find it interesting that I’m always being told not to want money by people that have a lot of it…. Good message though.
Okay, millionaire boomer who lives in Southern California
I dont always agree with bill marh but when i do i do
What about warren zevons lawers guns and money
😮music porn gluttony
Everyone should just listen to Gojira
Good music still exists, you just have to find it outside of the top charts
What do you think happens when you Bill promote not having kids and support women just working for the man to earn a lot of cash just to blow it on unnecessary materialistic things. The key to happiness is to share that happiness with someone else not something else.
I got to say that one of the things I grew up with without even realizing is covert drug references. Some of them and some of the rising generation are more content with less because they are stoned.
attacking a generation because you find their music appalling is what our parents did in the 60s and 70s. I've tried not to be like my dad. he was a jerk. now you're being a jerk. you could do better
This is deliberately racist and sexist.  He is basically passing judgement on Black men and young women.
Pretty sure ABBA made a pretty big hit called "money, money, money" in the late 70s
They do not care if they can afford it and do not care if they need it because they feel entitled to it!
The poorest people are rich people they never have enough
White people making excuses for why they're bad parents again. I grew up in the era of gangsta rap but i didn't go there and live it despite growing up in a violent neighborhood it's because my parents did their job. Do your job as parents simple as that.
Bill makes so very good points, and I am with him 100% but we have to acknowledge that Bill is just as guilty. He brags about his private jets and lavish lifestyle no less than the rest of he fellow pop stars and movie star friends. It's hard to listen to this even though he speaks full truth. It's just who they are.
Those brands are paying the artists to turn all of their music into commercials people will listen to. They’ve taken over our music and that’s why we have to hear this shit all the time.
Maher accidentally refuted his own argument. His generation grew up listening to hippy sentiments, but did a 180 on that pretty quick, didn't they? Once Boomers became of age in the 1980s, it was all possessions and power all the time. Boomers made being a millionaire and billionaire cool again after their silent generation parents maligned greed for so long. You reap what you sow, and Boomers sewed the gospel of prosperity into every aspect of American culture; the idea that you could never have enough and didn't have to be ashamed. And why wouldn't Gen Z and Alpha think you have to be a millionaire? Houses in major cities cost over $500K, and $1m is very common. Just a basic undergraduate degree from a state college can close to $100k over the time it takes to pay off the loans. Working a regular job has proven to be a fast road to nowhere is terms of personal wealth. Younger generations think that hustling is the only way to survive. So, thanks for that former hippies.
Great message. (Even if it was delivered by a rich guy with a lot of material things.) So tired of all these songs that are basically saying, "I'm so awesome because of all the stuff I have." It encourages greed rather than generosity, and it makes people feel like losers if they can't afford expensive cars, clothes, and homes.
And look how many of those entitled artists bitched about not winning. Look at what this money influence is doing to young females. Drives them to do Onlyfans and porn. There is a concerted effort to brainwash and ruin the youth
Thank you
I like how Money Bag by Yano Miles is listed in the “recent offerings” iykyk 😂 started from the bottom now we’re in the middle
Mr. Maher most of the time I agree with you but in this case perhaps US society is reaching the peak of what it has built, the capitalist society that loves money. Despite being stupid and shallow, perhaps it is less hypocritical and falsely moralistic than making a lot of money by pretending that this is not the only thing that matters! Greetings from Brazil.
Isn't Bill constantly bragging about flying private?
Of course its interesting that the people singing about all you need is love are quite well off and have no money worries
Sure, we could all use a reminder to focus on non materialistic things. However, the irony of telling other people this when you have a net worth of $140 million is …rich.
Stupid segment. Sounds like an out of touch old person… imagine thinking that every young person listens to the same songs he cites that arn’t even popular.
New Rule...fake eyelashes....nails.....and sadly unnatural hair. Just sayin😢
this message brought to you by a millionaire on television.
I Like Bill, but this generational “young people suck” nonsense is getting out of hand. What about the song “talkin bout my generation?” Forgot to mention that. Each generation rages on the youngest as they age into oblivion.  And it’s rich (pun intended) to hear a guy talk about how you don’t need things talking from his ivory tower of financial security… the younger generations have massive material and financial loss compared to Bill’s generation.   So politely, kick rocks and stop “talkin bout my generation”’s faults.
But Liza Minnelli tho.... remember what she sang?
0:57 What about Diamonds Are A Girls Best Friend.
The woman in black is so full of filler and botox,she cannot laugh properly😑
Bill, try some Italian rock/pop music (not rap).  Great music, great lyrics. It helps to understand Italian, but not a necessity.
The new rebellion is conservatism. #AlexPKeaton did it first tho.
"It was ugly. Very sexist. Very homophobic... And we were ok with it. Until we weren't.  And maybe it's time now? It's not to be ok with teaching your kid you're only as good as how much stuff you have." 💯 This episode was pretty good. But that last line was fucking beautiful.
What a hypocrite worth a 140 million with a materialistic thirst revenue flowing across many media outlets
We did have “Pennies From Heaven”
Urban Culture has taken over the music industry. It lacks morality and worships materialism.
Satsang, Nahko Bear, Matisyahu, Mumford and Sons, Lauren Daigle. A few positive examples.
Bill never miss . He and his staff are phenomenal.
A rich man telling kids not to worry about money. Hypocrite.  Not to mention that you are picking the worst of the worst. There is way more music out there and some from these very same artists that have more important messages. This old man is complaining about music the same way he rolled his eyes when old men of his day did the same thing to him. Maher has just gotten lazy and targets low hanging fruit.
He talks about "being real" but that woman cackling in the background -being paid to do that- ruined this video, so annoying, so fake.
6:21 hmmm interesting montage. the only ones shouting about brand names are blacks and women. no white male faces.
Im so lucky my first musical obsession was Rush!!!
The part where he attributes historic injustices to today’s egregious rap lyrics is an example of Bill’s struggle to totally leave the left.  People like Otis Redding, Ben E King, Sam Cooke, Little Richard, Nat King Cole, and so many more also had lyrics valuing what The Monkey’s, The Beatles, Sonny & Cher did. And those guys ACTUALLY DID live through oppressions!
Anti-pop everything here with my 2 pennies: There's one genre where you don't hear about materialism (in general, there might be a rare exception) is punk/alt rock. The only that comes to mind is Mudhoney's "The Money Will Roll Right In" but it's performed with a lot of vocal eye-rolling sarcasm.
Your generation also gave us Brewer & Shipley’s masterpiece “One Toke Over the Line” - highest respect! 🫡
Your theory is spot on but focuses on a much smaller segment of the problem.  The KARDASIANS are the real problem!
Kids? How bout we start by telling this to adults my age and younger? The amount of people who make more than me saying they shouldn't have to "give up" certain excesses in life so they don't have to live paycheck-to-paycheck is absolutely astounding. And if it's not the material items, it's all the traveling and lavish trips.
Plenty of people grow up denied of luxury and still don't seek it. The truth is, if you grow up denied of it, you don't develop a taste for it and it makes you uncomfortable.   These musicians are just not that deep.  Also....sponsors!
Singer/Songwriter Paul Hardcastle:  "If all the rich men in the world divided up their money amongst themselves, there wouldn't be enough to around"
Thanks Bill.   I hope i can manage on my career before the asteroid destroys everything.
We’ll said
This has old man yelling at cloud energy.
Strong glorified money? Have you ever listened to the lyrics? "Your love gives me such a thrill, but your love don't pay my bills, I need money" That's the sound of realism.
Always remember the line Rhett Butler told Scarlett in Gone with the Wind.  "No money cannot buy you happiness; but it can buy some of the most amazing substitutes."  That's the trap people have been falling into for forever.  They know money isn't the answer, but they double down on it anyway.
I am sorry but the laughs of the audience are so cringy in this ???
4:05 *Creedence Clearwater Revival
I often (hell, every chance I get) speak on the importance of parents taking the time & responsibility to expose their kids to the classics, & Bill makes the best argument for doing so with this Final New Rule that I've ever heard!!!!
A multi-millionaire moking and moralising over others who wants to be rich
Lose the woman with the fake laugh.
Tina turner do not write proud mary.  "People on the river are happy to give" Was written by John foggerty and ccr.
Your probably  better off with people who will throw you under the bus. You are more than welcome to our side.
When people think the only music that exists is Pop and Rap.
Music and money runs the industry but they don’t care about where they actually live anymore only the money
Bill, if music was this influential, then Marilyn Manson is responsible for Columbine.
1:00 "Diamonds are a Girl's Best Friend" makes 3 8-P
Bill the worst case of tds with moral superiority complex .
Well said from a multimillionaire….
I think it is a good thing to have money. If you do not have money you are a prey for people of power who do.  It is like in being in a   jungle.....money is your escape.  So yes, teaching the young people to have/ to earn money to be financially free is a good thing.
This is why I listen classic/hard rock and heavy/gothic/folk metal
Bill demonstrating yet again that he is getting on in his years, so preachy, so get off my lawn, so out of touch.  Every generation is criticized for the degeneracy of their music and yet time marches on.  If you don't like it then vote with your ears and don't listen.  Your whining isn't going to change anything else so why do it ?  Just, cringe...
And BILL? That littel bascket weever diservz the hell hes headded for . Pour Danny masterson ?probbebly dizzervs what hes gonna siffer cuz .................I!Never!did anything like that too anyone!EVER!?!!.......iny lige?😎🍰🇺🇸🗽🍻🌄😍❤. God i love myself.   ......OUT!
Its stupid to follow a god that tells you hes GOING! To destroy your world some day soon so uou BETTER, get right with GOD!?THSTSME!!!!! Give meall your money NOW?!?! And proppaire your self for THEEND!!!!!?
That was good..I agree...thanks bill
Omg I wish he shut up and all the people he showed have very positive songs too so shut up
Oh really? So some redneck from Springfield OH, Mobile AL, or some place in Deep South grows in privilege? 😂
You know Cyrano I actually started to have some small hope for you, numbnuts. Dem lefties are obtuse.  😇
based Maher
Tell that to the kids in Chicago stealing from Gucci
He shouldve reminded them "raised by popstars theyll never meet and who dont give a sht about them... PS taylor swift is now going into cringey rapprr wannabe covered in diamonds and bling....yeah....so very relatable...its ironically classic conservative behaviour despite being mostly liberal but self unaware artists in the charts parading and misbehaving it all to filth lol... Be originality not bling should but wont be the new genz and teen craze...
"Maybe find a second idea for a song." 😂
Spot on.  Score one for the human soul.
John Lennon had a climate controlled closet for fur coats while preaching "imagine no possessions."
No wonder why most women 30s and younger want a guy with a $500,000 a year income....lol
Loved hearing him quote rap lyrics.. lol
Putting aside the obvious "Old man yells at cloud" aspect of this, 1 google search instantly show there were at *least* 9 songs titled "Money" released by 1970. Pink Floyd's "Money" released in 1973, 1976 gave us ABBA's "Money, Money, Money". In 1983 we got the Billy Joel classic "Easy Money" and in 1990 there was AC/DC's "Moneytalks".  There are countless others, but I think the point has been made. Songs about acquiring, desiring, or flaunting wealth are *far* from a new phenomenon.
This guy flys a PJ
If you don't like hip-hop, then don't listen to it. And if you don't want your kids listening to it, step up as a parent. Bitching about a genre of music you don't like is pointless. No one cares.
Celebrities in general suck right now.
I got $5 on it
"Okay, Boomer!"??? Try getting above a 500 on your SAT and we'll talk about bling. Or blang. Or whatever you millennials call it.
It’s not just music…it’s culture as a whole and it started a long time ago.
‘Never for money, always for love.” The Talking Heads
"HA HA HA HA HA HA HA" Lighten up, lady. 😂
I love this segment and I always watch it on YouTube... but I don't actually watch Real Time, so the funniest thing about this is how they always cut to the reactions of those other guests without any context whatsoever. Like who are those people? It's just some random folks sitting at a desk smiling.
Sad that a liberal like Bill sounds more like a preacher speaking about the materialism.
I think S&G’s adaptation of “Richard Corey” is another great example of the emptiness of materialism.
What about Sia - ‘I don’t need no money’?
I hear ya Bill. We need a return to old fashioned values. (Playing Love Gun at dinner tonight with the kids! We'll be thinking of you!) Don't be a grandpa, Bill. You're too young for this...
The good news you'll have plenty of money. Unfortunately you'll need a wheel barrow to haul it around
The greatest generation, when they turned 12, had much better music, so did the boomers, so why is the music of  the boomers kids and grandkids, GenZ so F***ed up lusting for things?
Bill has become such a Boomer lately. Always complaining about kids these days… and giving the classic, back in my day..
Pink Floyd nailed the topic.
One reason I love @coastcontra. Talented as all hell and they don’t stoop to this crap.
Everything now is an AD. Welcome to capitalism.
Our priorities weren't f'd up God save the queen She's not a human being and There's no future And England's dreaming
Men made athletes multi millionaires. Women made the Kardashians Billionaires. Both sides have worshipped at their alters way too much.
I like Bill Maher a lot but I feel this is really cherry-picked. There are plenty of older songs about money and wealth. I think it is more about volume and how much more music is available. When the radio owned the industry you only heard what they wanted you to. Now with so many outlets many more artists are finding avenues to produce their music. Then if something becomes super popular, the music industry jumps on it and exploits it. Also I find the poster child LORD not mentioned in this segment the most ironic. They talking about this exact subject in Royals...
The quest for riches is due to the skyrocketing prices of.....everything. Also,a good point is made here about Black folks finally having opportunities for wealth that White suburban kids didn't have to worry about.
So many these days want to be Kardashians, too, wealth without work.
A multi-millionaire trying to demonise materialism as he takes a private jet to every show and does a podcast from a built in club in his mansion
Bill wants all the private jets to himself
If you're white a have d been rich for more than a few decades, stop speaking on black American culture please like...I said please this time
Love when the wise guys actually share some wisdom on these dumb young fucks.. music is a sacred medicine and lots of these people have abused and taken advantage of the method strictly for personal gain .. we need more Bill Mahers and less ‘lil Gucci nba baby’’s
Extremely selective argument here. There has ALWAYS been materialism in music, and there is plenty of good music still out there that has nothing to do with greed. Maher has really shown off his "old man yelling at clouds" tendency with this one.
Most likely this is because the oligarchies destruction of the middle class ensures younger generations of never having any money, so they obsess on what has been confiscated  in the great confiscation of wealth. Health care is a materiel thing, education is a materiel thing, food is a material thing, shelter is a materiel thing all of which is becoming beyond the younger generations. Meanwhile almost all the oligarchies wealth is spent on status symbols so we face climate change and the destruction of the middle class so the oligarchy can show off.
The theme in songs now is money, 1 gen ago it was love, 2 gen ago it was country/society  ^^ Are we progressively or rather regressively getting selfish and more individualistic
👏👏👏🏾👏🏾
sometimes i thank my brain for liking heavy music, this is one of those times
Could you imagine being born in the. Most. Materialistic. Generation. In. History. And complaining about materialism in music?
If I were President, and know that I am a conservative… I’d put Bill Maher on my staff of advisers. I’d ask him to write a monologue for me every day, have it on my desk by 8am, then govern accordingly.
Wanting money for cars/watch vs. wanting money for paying bills, affording healthcare procedures, and the occasional respectable night out. Two different things!
Jason Isbell, Tyler Childers, Noah Kahan, Zach Bryan, Brandi Carlile, Sturgill Simpson .... just to name a few in ten seconds. You just got to look a little bit past the mainstream to find there is still truth in music.
I really enjoyed Maher's New Rule on how he only flies in his private jet because he can't bring himself to fly commercial... good times.
nobody is more materialistic than you
I don't know what I find more annoying, this mindless glorification of money or rich people telling me that money doesn't buy happiness. It's easy for people who could pay for their degrees with summer jobs and buy a house at 27 to condemn "marerialism".
A garbage culture glorifies garbage materialistic values.
We all just pretending like Capitalism isn't the reason for this? Lol
This can be filed in the OLD MAN TAKES section.
Epic rant... you're not wrong!
Let's be honest, hip-hop has had a terrible influence on anyone under and even a bit above 40. Pushing anti-intellectual, vapid, trash culture. But it's taboo to say that because you know why.  So now the young generation is empty inside, only values money, everything is transactional (girls can't wait to turn 18 so they can open their OnlyFans account) and they're covered in tats like they just got out of prison.
There's a market for Bill Maher doing spoken word albums ala Shatner
I'd like to say this was informative, but it's really hard to pay attention to what Bill is saying with that lady with the super annoying laugh belting it like a hyena in heat...
Old rule
Youtube of today: money money money
The fool says there is no God. Stop being a fool Mr. Maher … you certainly have more brains!
„Oh, it's a mystery to me We have a greed, with which we have agreed And you think you have to want more than you need Until you have it all you won't be free Society, you're a crazy breed I hope you're not lonely without me When you want more than you have You think you need And when you think more than you want Your thoughts begin to bleed I think I need to find a bigger place 'Cause when you have more than you think You need more space“ Eddie Vedder
Soon, oh soon the light Pass within and soothe this endless night And wait here for you Our reason to be here  Soon, oh soon the time All we move to gain will reach and calm Our heart is open Our reason to be here  Long ago, set into rhyme  Soon, oh soon the light Ours to shape for all time, ours the right The sun will lead us Our reason to be here  Soon, oh soon the light Ours to shape for all time, ours the right The sun will lead us Our reason to be here
Thanks for this, Bill. I dont listen to a lot of music these days. Now I know why. Ugh!
and it (music) don't sound much better than its content either, i always think when i hear post 2000 music how can anybody listen to that it sounds like SH**, (we had 4 great decades tbh thats more than enouth no one should complain
Back in my day we had "If you want to destroy my sweater..." and I don't recall no one complainin'.
When you mainstream American ghettoism....that's what you get.....
Materialism is embedded in USA culture, so....
Bill is so out of touch it’s not even funny anymore
what do people expect tho when you need to be earning good money to even live these days.
Why do these rants always have that one over the top laugher in the audience that seems like they just learned how to laugh yesterday and the mic is 3 inches from their mouth.
I don't have children. I'll say it bluntly: This generation is mostly crap. Their ideals are wrong, left and right. I am glad to be 50 and having experienced the world without Internet! Those were great times. If you wanted to watch a real horror movie, you got a copy from a copy on VHS and people were gathering in my room to watch it! We were happy and nobody knew what we are doing. We had something valuable in those times: We were on the streets or in nature and sometimes someone broke their nose or arm. You instantly knew what not to do. We learned by cracking our heads open. Nature wants it that way and it's a great system!
Music is just pure garbage now, RIP music
The O'Jays said it best: https://youtu.be/ympPrBR4E60?feature=shared
I am utterly disdained from the refusal to accept my retracting of this statement
He forgot to mention"Money" by Pin k Floy....Wait...my bad... that song was actually a sarcastic and cynical view on Money.
Oh, the irony. Bill often defends the freedom of capitalism and now criticizes when this happens? What did he expect to happen? This is a natural consequence and Bill should have seen it coming. You can't get one without the other, Bill.
With new atheism and post-modernism we live in a Generation that has no ultimate goals or values. That's why we're seeing what we're seeing...
Audience on this show sucks "YOU DON'T HAVE TO LAUGH AND CLAP AT EVERYTHING". J.H Christ.
0:48 "there were only two songs about money before 1990"  Money, Pink Floyd. Money, Money, Money, Abba. For the Love of Money, The O'Jay's. Papa's Got a Brand New Bag, James Brown. I'm a Greedy Man, James Brown. I've Got Money, James Brown. Taxman, The Beatles.   1:14 Mo Money Mo Problems glorifies materialism? Are you kidding me?  1:15 Rent Money glorifies wealth? "They said that you win some/ you win some, you lose/ all I got is rent money due, fucking with you" (but you probably would have taken the lines "I take credit, cash, debit, even CashApp/ 53 spending hundreds, we stash that" out of context, just to "prove" your point.)  1:18 did you just put Blood on the Money on the list twice, hoping you could scroll past it too fast to notice?  This is entirely a case of confirmation bias. You're just cherry picking examples that you think support your point and ignoring anything that might challenge you. Okay, Boomer.
My favorite lyric is Mother should I trust the government
Rap music is the root of this evil
It’s how they get this gen. They got us with saying if we worked to death we’d get something back. With them it’s just “hey go get easy money and do nothing worthwhile for it.” And it works in every incarnation :/
Well said, Bill. I am a gen Z who listened to North Korean music about boosting production for every single day...... I completely agree with you. There is way too much materialism in the music industry.
I say the money madness started with Robin Lynch and lives of the rich and famous. We all knew that the rich had crazy stuff we didn’t have, but seeing it made it more real. Then “regular people” started wanting it.
I ain't got no money, but honey I'm rich on personality.
Hey Bill. Remember when you were on that side? Aren’t you a millionaire?
Old music was the best.
Great new take about the music from the 1990s, Bill
Once again, Bill knocks it out of the park....
Gen Z is also bratty because we enable so much bad behavior. We feel "bad" if we tell them "no" because it might hurt their "feelings." Thats why theyre so entitled and nothing but a bunch of spoiled brats. And these are people in their 20's already !!! That behavior and mentality should have been out grown by 10 !! Emotional immaturity is through the roof !!! The boys don't even want to become men. It's like holding on to the teddy bear cause thats what feels safe. Everything is an offense everything is seen as a slight. They can't handle anything. The girls are being taught to be angry and crazy now. Soft and crying for the boys and angry and crazy for the girls. Wtf is going on ?!!
Perhaps Maher forgot that "everybody wants to rule the world"by tears for fears and a song by mj,forgot  the title 😂😂😂😂😂
Bill Maher: The problem are the message the songs are sending. Everyone Else: The problem creates the messages in the songs.
😑” I’m bill Maher. I’m tone deaf so let me cherry pick a couple rap songs and further cherry pick from them the most ridiculous lyrics out of context because I have no black writers, and I want to make a point without addressing the root causes” 🤥🤥🤡. Btw Kanye did NOT say that.
The best I've ever seen.. Classic Maher. Wow!! Good Job.😃
Young people don’t listen to this shit. It’s all bullshit music with $250,000 marketing budgets from Interscope Records. blame David Geffen, not the youth
Lol I’m not a kid I’m a grown woman who likes indie 😂😂😂😂
How could you forget "Money" by Pink Floyd???
❤❤❤ 100% truth!
Well when 84% of what charts in America is Nepotism babies, how could you expect otherwise? You want your kids to have values, but these musicians don't have values, so it's quite the paradox expecting the music to be of quality or substance.
From the guy who’s worth 30 million?
Money, money, money, must be funny, in the rich man's world...
I love it, thank you Bill Maher.
Says the out-of-touch hundred millionaire...
I’m a millennial and I believe a lot of us are starting to realize what is causing the decline of  Western civilization. We lack spirituality and morality; without it there is no guidance. Academia, Music, Art, Education, Journalism, even Science are on the decline.
Don't ask me the formula for the radius of a circle?😅😅
I wish *THIS* would "go viral".
I'm a little disappointed, Bill. The Tina Turner quote should have been attributed to CCR and/or John Fogerty. Idk, give the band that created, or the person who wrote it credit. Tina killed the song, yes, but she didn't write it.
Shout out to 〽️emphis and three six mafia, "Slob on my knob"😂😂😂😂
My husband  has trouble hearing lyrics to songs.   We live next-to a daycare center's playground.  One day he was playing music while up on a ladder working on our house.    That was the day he suddenly could understand the lyrics to the song with  "your girlfriend is jerking me" that was mentioned here.  He climbed down the ladder to the radio at a very unsafe speed.   😅
It's kind of ironic though because he's filthy rich and he has all this stuff.
Better to seek "value" in possessions than in martyrdom and Jihad!!😮
Geezers from my generation with their “kids today” nonsense.  Why is Bill pretending the 80s wasn't called the “decade of materialism and the yuppie?” There were enough songs from that era about money to overflow any Spotify playlist. Half the sitcoms and TV shows were about upper, upper middle class and rich families. One of the most popular was literally titled “Silver Spoons.”  This stuff even goes back beyond the 1960s. For every self-righteous hippie song there were two “mature adult” songs talking along the lines of “Puttin on the Ritz” or “Santa Baby.” Pop music embracing materialism has been around for as long as there's been a recording industry. It goes in and out of popularity just like everything else.
This is an encapulation of life in the West now.  Capitalism combined with envy and social media has made our society only care about money.  Our society used to consider gambling a vice to be regulated, now everything is brought to you fan duel or draft kings.   We have lost our way.
I liked this exposé. Lots of truths in here; making me think
When you don't have real freedom, you surround yourself with symbols of freedom.
What’s this “bling” shit?  When I was a kid all I wanted was to stay outside for an extra hour to play hockey under the street lights.
This is why Rocky Mountain High is such a great song.  It's all about nature and inner peace.
Calloway, "I Wanna Be Rich", from 1989.  Not many songs like this before 1990, but more than two, Bill.
Boomers are such hypocrites, they tell younger people money isn't everything yet they were handing the US Economy on a silver platter while they own more than 55% of the the US homes.
3:08 funny how Cher talks about money isn't everything yet she owns multiple homes....
Hopefully, they grow up. I wanted all that dumb shit in my youth also. I'm 45 now with a long standing professional career, a great wife, a modest home, 2 nice and reliable cars, lots of great friends, family, vacation several times a year, we eat out regularly, and have no debt except a few years left on the mortgage. I'm one of the wealthiest people on the planet.
BOOM !
A whole generation of emo kids will tell you sad bops isn't new
Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous, Prosperity Gospel, MTV's Cribs. Reality TV in general, especially the shows featuring the spouses of accomplished people.
Do another one about Raeguetton and Trap Music
You're old enough to remember Pink Floyd, Bill, but here's a refresher: "Money. It's a hit. Don't give me that goody-goody-good BULLSHIT." Sure, singing about having/wanting money wasn't a BIG thing back in 'the old days' but it WAS a thing. Just look up "Puttin' on the Ritz", which was a hit TWICE for Irving Berlin.
So, I guess that means Bill's gonna do every show for free now. Since, you know, owning stuff doesn't matter.
I like ya bill but that lady Gaga song is a deep cut from 15 years ago, I don’t think it’s counts as something modern the kids like
Maher has hit a new level of Boomerism in this bit.  "ok boomer" is extremely fitting here, even if it offends poor Bill. #getoffmylawn
a rich guy telling us poor guys to want less
Superb bit, just not sure Bill Maher is the right man to do it. You know, on account of him always bragging about taking private jets to his venues?
Money by Pink Floyd
This has definitely bothered me since the trend really took off. I have never understood what people enjoy about listening to people brag about being rich pricks, much less my buddies always wanting to have it on blast.
Thank you Bill !!!
Music doesn't create the mindset: it reflects it. Instead of bitching about our youth, Bill should be using his brand of smugness to address our priorities as a nation.
Shouldve talked about Wings by Macklemore and Ryan Lewis. Thrift Shop might just have started the whole thrifting trend
...But really really funny how Bill is pining for the Protestant Ethic to come back - you  know, after decades of decrying the Protestant Ethic.
You still have some good ones out there, like Lorde's 'Royals'
"Big money got a heavy hand Big money take control Big money got a mean streak Big money got no soul" -- N.P.
“Black culture is the problem.” When a black person says this, they call him a traitor. When any non black person says this, they call him a racist. So eventually no one dares speak the truth anymore - because the truth is brutal, and the weak minds of today’s world can’t handle it.
“Black culture is the problem.” When a black person says this, they call him a traitor. When any non black person says this, they call him a racist. So eventually no one dares speak the truth anymore - because the truth is brutal, and the weak minds of today’s world can’t handle it.
This guy is still crazy in his feels about "being old" lol. Jeezy petes, holy moly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQ3EbHgZZ2M pop bubble full of bullshit
Preach!
Materialism connected to sadness?  Let's ask Charles Wright:  Some people have everything And other people don't But everything don't mean a thing If it ain't the the thing you want  Express Yourself
Don’t have my earbuds. Will get kicked out of here. Another time.  Always thought you say things other people think but don’t say.  Love to hear you and elon
how about this best song from a group that does not do pop rap or country...real metal and punk rock only...ghost does not count. Metallica does not count either since they both suck.... you know what most metal is about...the downfall of man due to all this bullshit we sing about the environment and how corporations destroy it and everything...we have been yelling about climate change since the 80s....the only music left with a message is metal and thrash everything else is talking about bullshit.... metal gets no respect and yet we are the only ones who still do real fighting and have something real to say about our world and how fucked up it is...ice-t btw does metal now and you should listen to his band body count and see what he is talking about now bill.
1:01 Santa Baby was released in 1953
That Killer Mike guy is full of sh!t, saying that music is just a reflection of life is such a load of crap. The music industry today is doing this whole materialism crap because that is what sells, same thing with junk food and the food industry. Most musicians today lack soul and creativity in their songs, just look at the messages they have compared to 30-40 years ago.
This is such a glorious lesson...
I really want to like watching this but I hate the audience. Turn that mike off!
Well, as an old 80's hair metal rocker, I guess my love for sex, drugs, and rock n' roll just came naturally.
Woof.  Shouting-into-the-void territory.
This video really got me thinking. I’d like to point out, Danny’s Song (beautifully rendered by Maher) has been covered how many times? Many. Can the same be said of these other materialistic songs?
the problem with a lot of folks, they try to hard to "look" rich instead of actually being rich, especially minorities.
Hip hop culture nowadays is just toxic shit hole - at least the mainstream segment is on the radio.  Teenagers are just a walking fucking fashion show nowadays -   $200-$500 shoes, iphones, $300 headphones,  "elite" athletic attire..  its sick.  My 14 year old has a sweatsuit that costs more than my nicest business suit and dress shoes put together - and he doesn't even think twice about it.  Compliments of his grandma, who buys whatever he wants.   I dont know why parents spent so much on their kids or how tbey can even afford it.  I hate extreme materialism.  I like toys, but i hate trying to look rich.
There are many pathologies of a decadent culture in decline. As usual, Bill wants to pick which ones to keep and which ones to discard. He still makes me laugh a lot, but I mostly ignore the ridiculous moralizing of atheists.
I mean to be fair the song Bling Bling came out 25 years ago, materialism been around a minute. It’s pervasive through all genres though
All true and spoken by fucking millionaire. LOL
"Get a second idea for a song." Don't forget movies! Are there any original ideas left?
The thing is a lot of these artists have come up with different music. If you really go through Kanye's, Jay Z's or Travis Scott's catalogue you'll find some songs that are more thought-provoking or tell a story that is extremely important to the artists. Its just that the radio and people in general gravitate towards the more simple catchy songs that are materialistic. At the end of the day we as a society should look to change our preferences and values, the artists who make music like this are just following the money and you can't really blame them for doing so. But amongst a lot of those artists you can find songs that were made out of their artistic ingenuity and their primarily personal, it's just that society doesn't care about it.
Money, so they say, is the route of all evil today. But, if you ask for a rise it's no surprise they're giving none away.
Listen to the female Joker laugh in the Audience . HA HA HAAA HA… same fake laugh over and over .. I can even watch Bill Maher videos anymore because of the ridiculous fake laughs . I can’t get through a full minute anymore 🙄
Music defined my personality when I was a teen. I have no doubt it still does this for millions of American teens.
This is why I like Heavy Metal. At least they just scream about death and the devil.
This is why I can't be bothered to listen to rap. It's literally a whole load of artists saying the same nonsense in a different accent or tone. Boring as fuck.
Re: Eminem's "Kill You." I don't blame folks for not being able to decipher the myriad of interwoven meanings and layers crafted into every Eminem song about being butt hurt at anyone and everyone... but... the entire premise of "Kill You" is obvious hyperbolic satire mocking the incessant rep and street cred constantly hammered in rap. It's the entire point of the song.
BTS deserved the Grammy.
I love how Bill Maher is such an expert on kids when he hates kids and he doesn't ever want kids. He's never had kids. I don't even think he's ever been around kids
It's not as bad as all that. Bill forgets that ho's typically rank higher than cash, money in most contemporary lyrics.
Ah yes.... But "you'll own nothing and be happy " kinda sucks too.  From Charles Schwab and the WEF
That's the Capitalism you hold on to and defend soooo dearly BIll! It did it's job but it's now eating itself. Time to move on...
Well times are a changing…they’re really prepping us to have no money…😬
Cher was 16 and somny was 28 when they got together, nice example bill, you creepazoid
The “artists” just perform what they are told by their handlers to perform after their first album or so… They are owned and paid enough to perform for Satan.
"Old man yells at popular music." How could you say something so controversial and yet so brave?
Good afternoon family and good health to everyone especially MENTAL. 💯 Agree 👍🏼 🤝 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Give this same energy and air time to the record labels/ streaming platforms that promote and pay artist more for this type of music. “Rappers” are a small part of the problem that you’re spotlighting.
And people wonder why I have so little interest in most music.. I never understood how so many appalling lyrics were acceptable. When I teach dance, it amazes me what absolute trash women get excited for - the more objectifying and degrading, the more they like it.  I just can't make that jive with a world where they constantly complain about how oppressed and objectified they are - ladies, you're doing it to yourselves.
“I’m in a high fidelity first class traveling set and I think I need a leer jet” David Gilmore and Roger Waters, Pink Floyd
Yeah bring back the days where middle aged men were singing about having sex with teenagers! Bill you're crazy
Best clip I’ve ever seen on Bill Mahar, I may watch more regularly if Regis is the type of content.   Teaching society to be better than what we are.
They missed dozens of money based song.  Money by pinkfloyd  Money for nothing, dire straights.  What year did they come out? Yet again proving how detached he is.  Maybe he missed 2 live crew.  Materialism is capitalism. 😂😂
Absolutely!   It’s disturbing and disgusting. It’s about time y’all start speaking out. Took long enough.
Spotify? No. More like what they see on Instagram
I'm conflicted here.... he made some decent points but it still comes off as an old man shaking his fist screaming Get off my lawn. Rappers brag and insult yeah but that's kinda the whole point is cleverly worded insults on everyone one else while hyping yourself. I agree that it gets old hearing name brands and such over and over but it gets just as tiring hearing about the devil in Rock or trucks in country. This is no different and just because he doesn't like a particular genre of music or message doesn't mean it calls for censorship. Bill of all fucking people should get that. The public should be your censor and I don't mean they dictate what you say but rather it should be you message resonates with enough people that you keep doing it. It's like this cancle culture bitching... cancle culture is nothing more or less than the public coming together and saying fuck you and your message. If the audience doesn't like what you have to say that's on you dumb ass! The audience has a right not to like you and a right to share why. Music should never be censored under any circumstances simply because it's one of If not the most influential and powerful form of self expression and should eternally be preserved.
A wealthy man is not one who has the most, it’s the one who needs the least.
During the Afghan War, I would ask my students who has a new car or a cellphone and every hand would go up.  Then I would ask who knows where and why Americans are fighting and dying in the world right now.  Every hand would go down.  I wouldn't blame the students, but launch into a discussion on how we're all being shaped to buy but not ask why.
I know we don’t want to talk about this, but that’s a generation or two slightly closer to God. And more serious.
No, parents should absolutely be worried about, you know, the sexual grooming of their kids Bill lol. That would be more important.
The Last Man is today’s culture.
Don't  forget the song "That's  Enough  For Me."  The singer says he's  content with  his beloved. a bed, popcorn and TV .  What more could you ask  for?
I enjoy watching Bill but his staff forced laughing or audience member plants I can't stand anymore (what ever they are doing in that department).  The laughter is forced and ruins it badly.
Well gee wilikers mister, it's almost like capitalism has been so successful as an economic system that is has completely cannibalised, b*stardized, and destroyed everything else of value at the expense of keeping the free market running.  Also you're onto something with the race element- It's basically an entire US subculture that has become "Nouveau Riche" in one fell swoop. (Look up Nouveau riche, it's a thing and very relevant.)
okay boomer
this was deeply racist
An Idea? How about a rap that talks about the humble beginnings of childhood? The relatable hardships and struggle while growing up, and the day you got something special that made you become something that defines your success, inspiring others to chase their dreams?  Worked for MegaRan.....just sayin'.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7z38K-Lvlcs
Boomers are so full of shit you might have listened to hippy music when you were a kid but as soon as you moved into the your actual adulthood it became about disco parties and 80s greed
who is also hearing this woman laughing?
And a song not glorifying drugs
Balance with Tracy Chapman - Fast Car
It's sad that this is the case. It's awful to teach aspiration and material values. Totally empty goals. And it isn't going to work our for any of them.
This is the best thing I ever saw.
Hedonism will damn us
You know who is on the other side of the equation CEOs they too should fallow that message greedy bastards.
Couldn’t even finish the video because of that annoying ass laugh in the background
Actually there's science backed research that shows listening to sad music when depressed actually helps you feel better. It gives you an outlet for the pain you're feeling and raises your oxytocin levels.
Like saying video games cause violence.
It's sad because we are trying to compare actual artists that truly write and perform, to plastic pre-packed crap from the failure of the music department funding cuts.  You're comparing apples to roadkill.
Oh no Bill is using an obnoxious laugher again -- this time a woman though. It's so off-putting.
Timely commentary. Music is the lowest and least culturally-relevant it's ever been, yet somehow more bloated and abundant than it's ever been.
You want songs with more positivity? Then maybe you should check out Tom MacDonald's new song, 'Stronger Version.'
Well this is probably why ppl still view a recovering economy with ambivalence, they’ve still not scored that 2 seat Lamborghini, or ice on their necks
Don't forget Pink Floyd "Money"
I was in radio for 33 years.  This is absolutely true, and the attitudes that came with it were a major reason I got out of Top-40/CHR back in the late 80's.  I just wanted enough to be happy, and it had much more to do with a girl than a car, or bling.  Just another area in which we've lost our way.  Give me Johnny Rivers' "Poor Side of Town" anytime.
Some people got to have it Some people really need it
Money,  money, money,.....MONEY ♩ ♪ ♫ ♬ ♭ ♮ ♯ 🎼 🎵 🎶
Where's your evidence?
My mother taught me a long time ago, "Content is a bottomless treasure."  I live a pretty minimalist life style and have little desire for material goods. Even my clothes consist of a plain V neck Tshirt and jeans. People always say "Man, if I was making as much as you, I'd buy this and that." I ask them "Where is the finish line?" A person who doesn't have a million wants a million. A person who has a million wants 10. A person with 10 million wants 100 million. There's always more. I thank god almost daily for not being shackled by the chains of mindless consumerism.
Who knew rampant atheism would lead to fervent materialism...
Great stuff, Bill!
One of my favorites that really resonates today, "Money's too tight to mention" by Simply Red.
Yes Bill, The Beatles certainly DID  sing "Can't Buy Me Love". They also covered Money (That's What I Want) by Barrett Strong. Love of material things has always been a popular subject in the arts, not just music. Even songs like "409" by the Beach Boys are about love of material things, without mentioning "love" at all.
That and our culture and MEDIA has elevated rap and black culture and thrust it onto the suburban white kids as a way of testing their racial openness irregardless of its true merits. These same kids who are singing these rap songs and drinking the cool aid would happily be singing songs by today's version of John Denver or the Beach Boys if they were allowed to. Their music content is being controlled and force fed to them. They're eating Fruit loops 3X/day instead of Whole Foods.
No emptying  Trump  mind  without climate  change.
SOOOO on point
There is a lady laughing a little too hard, it was annoying and unnatural
I feel numb,  what are the values of today’s: bloomers beside believers in social media to give them an answers and AI  yet to come @.
Loved it!
MAYBE YOU Can get to the bottom of this. "Music Artists and Economy" and   "Important Termination Notes"
I love Bill, but he really comes curmudgeonly in this one.
Rap is 99.9% about things they 'got' that is rented, borrowed, or advertised. They don't have those things; they didn't commit those crimes; They didn't make or sell those drugs.  Even worse you can't understand most of it, without the help of a lyrics site.   Don't even get started on country, it's even worse than rap.
“Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moths and vermin destroy, and where thieves break in and steal. But store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where moths and vermin do not destroy, and where thieves do not break in and steal. For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also."
Sad to see Bill has just become a whining old man.
And people had issues with “Baby it’s cold outside” and look at those modern songs being quoted. Geez
Bill again proves he's the conscience of the nation. Pity the nation doesn't listen.
I'd like to write a punk song  Hard core  About record execu Need help A newer one anyways Sorda  Chicken shit conformist  Like your parents Dead Kennedy's But for todays time W/ the whole "sad bop,"  Subject, great message
Growing up, the music listened to (mainly pop and rock) was about:  -Treating a woman right -Understanding the grief and loneliness is manageable  - Keeping toxic people away - Getting up when we fall - Taking risks - Not giving up  I had no idea pop music these days was that materialistic
Said by a man with loads of money and stuff.
Well said Bill.
Subdivisions Rush
I thought the music of yhe day  was to supposed to be rebellious but you find out those singing their sh#t only want the usual money and possessions. Very few if any live by their rebellious lyrics. So much for changing the world  greedy people.
I believe The Smiths were the pioneers of "sad bop."
American Black culture is based on the worst possible elements of the lower class white culture (violence,greed, mysogeny, theft, materialism, braggartry, cruelty) that freed slaves were exposed to all those years ago when finaly cut loose. That's why american Black culture pumps out such purile filth and calls it music to this very day. I can't stand that these aural turds have been repackaged and sold back to us as art. It has made the world shittier in almost every measurable and anecdotal way. Elevate your game people.  "Our souls are dyed by the colour of our thoughs. " Marcus Auralius.
boomer here...we as kids were just happy to have a decent pair of jeans or some  chuck taylor high tops....and my first car as a 18 year old teenager in 1979 was a 1973 ford maverick with no a.c factory radio and was dam happy to have it..which by the way i had to work and save the $900 to buy it...yeap i'll take the "boomer" generation any day...we knew the value of a buck..
I'm into this idea.
You’re being PC bill. Look at any rap video. Thats where this started and the vast majority of it still is.
Wasn't the first slave owner in America black Bill?  You can't fix stupid.
Thank You Bill!
I’m Listening to a dinosaur preach dinosaur things to dinosaurs. Tipper Gore called, she wants her schtick back.
There's always one person in the crowd with an obnoxious laugh.
Was there a Kookaburra in the crowd?
Excellent! "Maybe this kind of grooming is what parents should actually be worried about." Nailed it!  I'd add "Diamonds are a Girl's Best Friend" and a few more to earlier materialistic songs though.
Bill you and I are very close in age,  Thank gawd, I had the Stones, the Who, the Beatles, the Animals, Jimi, Clapton, the Doors, Cream , the Velvet Underground, Bob Dylan, and so many great artists to grow up listening to,  I feel "blessed" in that regard, rhat I had music like that to grow up listening to, and on the other side they didn't catch me for Tricky Dick's, Vietnam to die for.  In those respects, I lucked out.  And I listened to Creedence, Patti Smith, Bob Marley and the Wailers, Peter Tosh, Black Uhuru, the Byrds, so vey much.   And last but not least, Patti Smith, and Jeff Beck.  Truly, I'm humbled.
Creativity tends to come from your processing, resolution, or expression of deep thinking and feeling sooooo…. I’m not super hopeful.
They wont sing about working😂
And that's what we, human beigns, generally are, perpetually unsatisfied animals.
So, here's the solution. Stop listening to American music. There is a world of amazing, brilliant music out there easily accessible with a mouse click or a tap on a screen - and the best part is  that its not American. Go look - its there waiting for you to find it. If you need a place to start, try some Japanese all-female rock and metal bands - there are quite a few and they are amazing. Here's a short list: LOVEBITES, Nemophila, Band Maid, Hanabie.
Blame the parents who are too chicken shit to say NO to these brats. These brats walk around with the latest everything no matter the price. Eating at expensive restaurants. Electronics, shoes clothes. They even drink Starbucks everyday. Entitled asses lol
I thought it was just me.
"HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HAAAA"
1:30 abba did money, money in the seventies
Rakim said "but now I learn to earn because I'm righteous" telling the listener to correct their behavior your welcome
As a consumer of music you must have a discerning ear and mentality and that's with everything in life
“Hey you damn kids turn off that noise and get off my lawn”
Come on Bill, integration and equal rights only happened half a century ago, give them some time.
Who is complaining? Guy who’s got and can buy anything.
He's right, but the singing of that song bordered on self righteousness. The very kind he claims to hate.
So so so true Bill thanks
that is why i dislike the pop subculture. Metal is just superior imho. Especially doom and the likes of depressive music.
“When you turn 12, you’re done with your parents and start getting raised by pop stars” - yup, I bought Avril Lavigne’s first album in middle school. Then I found the classic lite rock station and I was completely out of touch with my generation’s music…but I was plenty happy out it!
New car, caviar, four star daydream, think ill buy me a football team.  PF
I’ve been over that bling bling stuff for so long!!!!
Oh god 🙄 what a boomer take, hes more out of touch than I ever even thought. Also ironic on multiple levels, and projecting. Of course you can already guess, John aint exactly, hurting for money. But have you seen any episodes of his dumb podcast where he gets sloppy drunk and makes his guest stars feel awkward and confused from his narcissistic rantings? The dude is, every episide, the whole time, placing ice cubes into his glass with tiny little tongs, pouring from his various bottles of top shelf booze, opening his fancy wooden cigar case and puffing them down like a chimney. Interrupting the guest a million times to redirect the conversation to something about himself, or how much hes enjoying his alcohol, and "why do you not like what I like? I mean, cone ooooon! Cone ooooon!". He also didnt think about the fact that the kids of both the 60s/70s and of today, are being lead and not leading. Know whos leading the kids? The big record executives. Know who they are? Well, Ill just say, they all have a lot in common with John Stuart, thats for sure.
MONEY  PINK FLOYD
You forgot "Gimme some money" by Spinal Tap.....
Just when I think  I’m so over Bill and his whiney annoying way he comes along AGAIN with a grand slam! Nails it 😂 ❤
Life's Been Good, Joe Walsh, 1978
those types of songs are successful, because even socialists and "communists" want more money and PRIVATE property
Don't go after em...the Stan's will love it!
So what? He has $140 million. Who wouldn’t want enough money not to have work anymore?
Nailed it at the end.
Janis Joplin sang "Oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz" as a slap at the shameless culture of consumption. So, of course, Mercedes Benz ended up buying the rights to the song to use in an ad celebrating their cars completely free of irony. Yeah...We're kinda broken.
I wrote a song called "More".  Here's the chorus  "Tell me why is the gap so wide between the rich and poor, Tell me why when we have more than enough, do we go out and buy more?  More."   The problem could be a lack of gratitude for  what we do have, or if you will, for our blessings, for all the people whose hard work makes it easy for us to eat, to heat our homes, to flip a switch that turns the lights on. I love the song "Forever in Blue Jeans".
The West is 'effed if Bill Maher is preaching how to be a moral parent. Wonder if he'll invite me to the Playboy Mansion?
old news; music has been about materialism for awhile now; L boomer take on this one
LISTEN to 🎼JESSE JET..🎶🎵
IMAGINE 🌎 ✌️ ❤️ 🎼 🎶 🎵
Bill, I admire you and I am a big fan.  But seriously?  Fake paid laughers?  Even what you say is not meant to be funny or a laughing matter???  It truly is gross!
Actually our generation did more to save the planet than has been done by any generation since.
Also Bill Maher: "I love capitalism"  Making money is a way of showing that you've made it. You don't solve problems in your area, you move away.
Me conservative, getting to like Maher more, mind you a lot of democrats are waking up. Thank you
Hey everyone the multimillionaire would like kids to not know we live in a vapidly capitalist nightmare. Thanks Bill, did the ghost of Tipper Gore visit you last night to convince you that songs are the root of all evil, cause kids are just so dumb and take everything they hear as gospel. Yeah pop music was more chased oh lord clutch your pearls, what is your message, no kids watch your show so is the message ban certain music to hide certain messages you find objectionable, grow up Bill. Everyone of those people you like were massively wealthy too, you know when John sang Imagine, you remember that video, that massive white mansion was his, he was talking about no possessions while strolling in his private several acre garden. Yes it's fun to say don't be so materialistic, cause yeah none of the pop stars of the past got jerked off in lambos, you see cause they were lying.  You just want people to go back to lying, so you can pretend it'll make a difference. You know how trump heard all those songs you love and still turned out to be a trash person with only one thing on his mind. Or how about those less braggadocios billionaires, you think they needed pop songs to inspire their sex islands or ponzi schemes, seriously grow up
Think expanded intelligence will ever be depicted to the point of upwards humane expansion. I mean the same commerce is generated. Actually increased actualized consumption is the result of secreted dopamine, serotonin, and a host of other goodies we generate. I think this is pretty old news though. From many voices as well as in many flavors? Go figure. What we can't match spin multi-directionally upwards?
F__ you!!! I won’t do what you tell me!!!  Rage Against the Machine   I’m almost 70 and I still have those days.
Three words explains this phenomenon- Late Stage Capitalism
This take is 20 years old lol.
I agree that an putting an emphasis on materialism is definitely harmful, that a lifestyle like that is destructive. But tbh in this case Maher is preaching water and drinking wine, for example when he tries to justify flying private 🤷‍♂
This is why I listen to metal and punk rock.
The formula for the radius of a circle 😭
Here’s a country song from the 90s- I don’t need a gold mine or a long limousine, I’m not the kind of man to surrender my soul to material things, just give me a cane pole and a shady spot to sit, to me that’s about as close to heaven as a man can get, i got the morning sun, I got the evening breeze, I got the moon and stars above, yeah, I got it made.
Bill you and your team are on another level❤ Ty
There was also that song in the 80s that went something like- “I’ve got the brains, you’ve got the brawn, let’s make lots of money.” So that’s three of them.
The John Lennon song...  That was a Communist Anthem, Lennon even said so.  So singing a song to get everyone killed and enslaved by the state, yay. c.c Otherwise broadly, there's a difference between doing one's best to get along with fairness of means... vs needing to be the richest stupid people in the world.
0:54 I'll never get into this show no matter how much I like Maher. Why are people laughing at moments like that? The fuck is funny about any of that?
Past example highlights should have included "Life in the Fast Lane" by the Eagles.
How about a category for songs that don't call people B*tch or H*e.
Total BS. Once again, an aging Boomer without kids is telling you how to raise your kids.
Pop music is trash, not art.
Bill shut up please
"The LOVE of money is the root of all evil"    where have we read that?    The BIBLE              We have left GOD and replaced Him with coveting.
THIS is what a collapsing empire looks like.
brilliant bit, one of Bill's best
Real talk right here from Bill fr
Bill Maher talking about money and possessions........... He has more than many people can imagine.  It is true that he has been working hard for them, but why rich people don't get rid of their money giving it to the poor?  Because of GREED, GREED, GREED. PERIOD. Remember that you don't take not even one penny with you when you die  !!!!!
Nailed it Bill 100%...most music today is absolute trash.
Says bill maher from his mansion
Bill managed to go this entire segment without once mentioning Economic Inequality
Juliet Ivy - we’re all eating each other. Banger!
It’s black culture to blame. Bill is wrong to blame them not having things for a long time.
So just what is Bill Maher's net worth? LOL!
GRANDPA MAHER is so upset at todays new fangled kids music,  he slaps his toungue making a glotstopper sound.   Relax old man.  Your time was over LONG ago. You are only somewhat relevant because we just enjoy your TV show to laugh.
Please stop with all the clapping it’s getting out of hand
Love it! always speaking the truth!
I love that he is just  the "old man yells at cloud" meme
George Harrison had an album and song titled "Living in the material world WAY before Madonna.
strong opinions about kids for someone who has had kids.
topical since we have to get use to the widening gap between poverty and wealth. Thanks for the corporate hegemony
🫶Hey,you forgot the song « Angie » by the Rolling Stones. The lyrics🥹
Lmfao, and who funded these artists😂😂😂
At least the rappers etc are not hypocritical. Sonny & Cher, the Beatles, the Stones ("with no money in our coats.") were all in their ascendancy when they performed these songs, appealing to the poor or pseudo-poor while lining their pockets to be more material. I always wondered if Lennon wrote the line "no possessions" from his luxurious Dakota apartment. Maher was right about one thing, hippies pretended to be poor, because that was the vogue. But they really weren't.
Forgot Abba and Pet Shop Boys- 'Money, Money Money' and 'Opportunities'
This is certainly his dumbest, old man yells at cloud, take ever
Holy Cherry-Picking Batman!  Plenty of songs not about material things today and plenty of old songs about material things.  Didn't the Beach Boys have a song called 409 about a car?  Didn't Marilyn Monroe have a song called "Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend"?
Authentic laughter for some odd reason. Maybe Loud Guy died in a sinkhole.
Whenever  I see "Dolce and Gabbana" I think it actually says "Dollars for Garbage"
Another example of why Taylor Swift is the greatest thing going in music.
That sentiment goes back to the 80’s with Malcolm Forbes, “He who dies with the most toys wins."   It’s been brewing for 40+ years.
To Bill Maher.  Are you ok?  I was very mean to you. Love, Don xoxo  (When do you guys talk about the STUPID Junkie VICE PRESIDENT whose too stupid to resign?
DO AS I SAY,  NOT AS I DO:   His rant on materialism;  Bill Maher has a net worth of $140 million. He earns $10 million per year as the host of HBO's “Real Time with Bill Maher.” Maher's investment in the New York Mets has significantly contributed to his wealth, earning him approximately $80 million.   He lives in a $40 Million Mansion in Beverly Hills, in Los Angeles.  One of Maher’s most notable indulgences is his private jet, a Cessna Citation X+. Valued at an impressive $15 million, this sleek aircraft allows Maher to travel in style between his multiple homes in Los Angeles, New York City, and Martha’s Vineyard. The convenience and comfort of owning a private jet provide Maher with the freedom to jet-set around the country at his convenience. He is partnered with Woody Harelson in weed marketing business.  His latest quote ; "I don’t mind spending money because it’s also about creating experiences and celebrating life. Life is too short to be frugal all the time.” (Isn't he sweet)?  In an average year he spends:  Call girls and goats  Undisclosed Weed consumption  Undisclosed Private Jet	$1 million Parties and Events	$500,000 Cars	$2 million Hotels	$250,000 Gambling	$1 million  Total	$4.75 million  May I call this fuken dope head a hypocryte, con permisso? .
This goes down as one of Maher’s worst takes
Really Bill, YOU gave Obama a million.🤠
0:39 - Tom MacDonald and Ben Shapiro have entered the chat
God he is so insufferable. Coded racist crap.
Bill is a super rich white guy who got there by virtue of advertising to bleed the gullible dry. Then you trash your victims who aspire to buy the kind of crap you brag about. FO, hypocrite. Editing to add that Bill is a racist as well.
Of course, the stars that sing about not needing money.... have it. But still, he has a point. THIS is the kind of grooming we should be worried about.
Music is the tip of the iceberg, instagram and TikTok are also pushing this idea you should own more and more and spend every dollar you make. People binge scroll and come off feeling sad and depressed, failures  because they can’t live up to the fictional storyline being spun day in and day out. I love Bill Mahr, listen to his podcast too. I will say the message is good, but it’s also coming from a guy who consistently brags about flying on a private jet, once owning part of a sports team, and from all accounts lives like a king on his compound. Great message but maybe not as poignant coming from a very rich celebrity.
To be fair, we DID have Joe Walsh with "Life's Been Good". ("My Maserati does 185. I lost my license, now I don't drive.")
Money may not buy happiness, but for most it does make problems go away.  And after that a whole.new group of problems begin. So the answer to this question is to figure out either what that monetary figure is that makes life more comfortable for the most people or we  an begin to find out how to cure that sickness that appears to live in the heart of every human being.
Money by Pink Floyd, should have been on your list before Material Girl.
This is an excellent segment
Why Bill what an oddly Christian message you have put up today.
Should have done this segmenting Killer Mike on the panel.
This bit is so boomer that it just crashed the economy than blamed me for it.
End of the day, Maher is just another Zionist.
Dire straits “Money for nothing “ doesn’t count?
Someone would think that, after hearing him speak, people in the old days didn't care about money and material things and were happy even without them. Which is bullshit.
“Don't check for me without a check for me, that's a hun' (Bluest) Only L's I wear is followed by Vuitton (Louis) Get money and the power, teach 'em while they're young” - Killer Mike  …the guest you waited for Overtime to get on stage.   A calculated move
Pink  Floyd, Money though  they're mocking it so there's that.. .
Hey Bill—- you’re promoting something that JESUS says is the way it SHOUD BE!  How about that, Bill?
Bill would have made a great dad!
I grew up absolutely trailer park poor. We didn't have squat and it just makes me appreciate what we have more not want to sing and rap about what we have
Considering pop music has been mareraliatic crap for decades, this is old man yells at clouds tier. I can also think of pletny of older songs that are materialistic
Bill Maher is the TRUTH ❤❤❤❤❤❤⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️
I can attest I grew up knowing at least 10 luxury brands without ever setting foot in their stores.
I asked my 12 year old couson what he wants to be when he grows up and he said "A billionaire." I just thought to myself, "Good luck with that kid!"
"I'm old??? This SHIT is old!" Perfect.
I don’t really like Bill’s recent rightward drift, but he’s spot on with this one. Younger generations are poisoning themselves and society at large with their obsessions over materialism and truly believing they are going to be young forever, and it’s their choice in music and social media that’s fueling the fire.  And when you confront them about it, all they have are the usual canned responses of “ok boomer” or “u mad bro.” And this arrogant attitude from Z’s (and even some older alphas now) is creating serious societal problems, particularly in the economy.   Take the job market, for example - the majority of recruiting roles are staffed by Z’s and younger millennials, both groups who have a pathological hatred toward older generations. As a result, they’re refusing to interview anyone older than themselves because “old people are boring, cranky, and not hip enough.”   And instead they reach out and interview these brain-dead incompetent bozos who meet no criterion except being young and knowing who is trending on TikTok. And then they go into these jobs and fuck everything up because they have no idea what they’re doing. Companies suffer from decreased customer satisfaction, lose business, lose revenue, and engage in layoffs. And who are the first ones laid off? You guessed it - older workers.
Capitalism is the problem
Bill is a commie
I think Youtube trend proves that it's okay to prove how much stuff you have with those million dollar homes or collections of stuff.
No one quotes bad bunny or Kaneya as  classic .... honestly rap went for protesting oppression to drugs bling and disgusting and vulgar sex .....btw if there was s catagory for songs with no materialistic message bts will win all the awards😂😂😂
Bravo, Bill! When Bill brought up Sinead O'Connor, I was expecting him to mention her phrase: "I do not want what I haven't got".
i am old? this shit is old. get a second idea for a song  when boomers have to tell rhe young what they should be doing in their age  wow
keep the "mouth schlucks* to where nobody hears them bc fuck asmr,  but everything else is great
Yes Bill, and then your generation left the hippy fad and welcomed in the 80s greed that has never stopped.  Flat out hypocrisy.
Said the rich man… you are turning down a buck… even though I like this conversation
Artist are no longer artists they are nothing but pimps selling goods
AMEN! and the problem is that we reward this crap... Grammys and AMA's give awards and admiration to the Megan da Stallion's, Cardi B's and Nicki Minaj's that just seem to remake other peoples hit hooks with blatant Sex and Bling... it ain't poetic, deep or worthy of awards... cool sounding and catchy, yes, but not award worthy... that coupled with rewarding 'reality stars' who's only claim to fame is outrageous behavior over talent (think Kardashians, Housewives, etc...) we wonder why our kids are so f'd up...
"These kids don't know what good music is. Back in my day you dressed up like a woman and sang about the devil." - Bill Burr
Artists who sang about love were all wealthy, love and peace was the trend at the time. Current artists sing about money and possessions because that's a current trend. BM is speaking out about how sickening current material culture is and he is certainly wealthy. The most hypocritical lyric of all time is "imagine no possessions" as Elvis Costello, another wealthy guy, pointed out "wasn't it a millionaire who said imagine no possessions?". See the pattern here? At least the current artists arent blatant hypocrites. Maher can certainly be an asshole.
When did Bill Maher turn into Andy Rooney?
.... A lot of hardworking people who were the first immigrants in America like the Italians, Irish, & Asians were badly discriminated against and denied so much.
5:11 Jimmy Buffett had a more blue-collar upbringing than you did, Swill.  His dad was Army Corps of Engineers, his grandfather was a merchant sailor, and he himself worked in a shipyard in college.  You, on the other hand, grew up white-collar and sold weed in college while currently sniveling about how college kids aren't as they were back in your day.
But it’s not just kids being influenced. Parents are so materialistic lately. Hell people stood outside targets for 3-4 hours just to get a fucken pink water cup. And if they didn’t get that water cup they went online and paid $160+ for one. My husband just was telling me about people paying $3500 for the Apple version of a VR headset. Where the fuck are people getting this money when all hear is how no one can afford their groceries or pay their rent and that mortgage rates are out of control yet hundreds of people can pay $3500 for a glorified VR headset. It’s crazy the irresponsible spending people are doing.
Oscar Wilde: "When I was young I thought that money was the most important thing in life; now that I am old I know that it is." Maybe the kids already know what is important in the materialistic society created by their elders and the artists are responding to the demand. Also, Mr. Maher is wealthy by any standard. Not sure why he thinks that being rich is unimportant in our world.
so true so true
Pink Floyd - Money, you forgot this one
Not to mention the violence, fully glorified.
Why are Jews still getting reparations for something that didn't happen in this country ❓ Seems suspicious 🤔
Bill is such a boomer I can name 5 songs about money before 1990
Good take on this
I mean, while a lot of 80s songs weren't specifically about money, the 80s lifestyles were. Bands like Motley Crue, Poison, and Guns N' Roses weren't singing about having money, but the second they started making money, they were spending it recklessly and they were just as famous for that as for their music. Plus it was the 80s that gave us Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous.
“Everything we need” Kanye
that lady is laughing in the background is like nails on a chalkboard.
Attacking rappers, but not bringing to light rock songs like C’mon Eileen which coerced women into unwanted sexual encounters…I’d rather hear about Beyoncé’s inventory all day instead of old dusty rock groomers. Thank you. ✌🏼
Imagine diluting youth values into a want for nice or extraordinary possessions while half of the country idolizes a golden calf of a  "billionaire" that lives in multiple mansions. Real Time? Yeah, Real Time lost watching not a single point be made.  Whiffff.
Brilliant
I once read somewhere that I still follow — use credit card for convenience, not  for credit.
Thanks for this, it's a useful and timely message. Many of yours are
The Grammys..then the Superbowl  Middle of the road American consumerism on display .
Let a mcee of hip hop answer this. I come from 1980s rap where we strived to be the best wordsmith that meant education. Run dmc said my Adidas stepped on stage at live aid all the people gave and the poor got paid. Kool moe dee said look at givens skeeming on Tyson she got lucky cause he was a nice one but I ain't nice and I don't play that if it ain't tax I don't pay that why they want money.  Krs-1 had a song called love is gonna get u about what people do to obtain material stuff at the end of the song his brother and sister were killed over some blue jeans and a late payment car. Most of my career in hip hop from 1979 to 2006 was making dance music or education rap. I never made more than $60,000 a year and I gave it away to dreamers for seed money and medical bill's.  I got 2 gold singles a 76 song library and I live in a hotel and I'm a dishwasher at taco bell for minimum wage.  I'm 55 I moved back to my small town of 38,000 people a old friend said what u gone do with your van I said a tune up and some breaks. Dude with in our 50s not our 20s no spinning rims or loud sounds that was 35 years ago and even then we couldn't afford that stuff. Man makes the clothes clothes don't make the man.its not our world anymore it belongs to the kids and all my stuff my kid's get to do whatever yeah even that 25yr old van.i got a storage unit I pay $70 a month to store 3 volumes of encyclopedia Britannica from the 50s,60, and 70s that's what I leave to my kid's why? Mind over matter knowledge is king. Not bling
As a society, how do we measure success? How have we always measured success? $ It’s fine to tell young people not to get wrapped, or rapped, up in the insanity of pursuing material things. But it’s the American way to sell and buy. The Superbowl will be on next weekend. Advertisers won’t be telling folks how happy they can be without things. If you own a home, the furnishings, cars, the latest phones, TVs, latest computers, expect a diamond on Valentines Day, etc ,etc, then the message to the young about how their music is selling materialism will be empty and  old.
What a stupid outlook on it. This just means that he is old and both romanticizes and glorifies his own era. Like any other generation. Look up how many songs before 1960 even about diamonds and gold. What a shallow take on an art form that keeps renewing itself like any others
Spoken like a man who already has a lot of shit😅
MONEY - PINK FLOYD MONEY FOR NOTHING - DIRE STRAITS RICH GIRL - HALL & OATES TAKE THE MONEY AND RUN - STEVE MILLER BAND MONEY MONEY MONEY - ABBA MONEY TALKS - ACDC FOR THE LOVE OF MONEY  - 0'JAYS IF I HAD $1,000,000 - BARE NAKED LADIES EASY MONEY - BILLY HOEL BABY YOU'RE A RICH MAN - BEATLES  maybe this is just an excuse to bash hiphop artists.  boomer,  you are showing  your age.
THANK YOU!
Hey, for what it's worth, KMFDM is still going strong, fighting the powers that be, and telling folks to think for themselves. ...and I grew up listening to Limp Bizkit and Slipknot. (read STUPID and ANGRY.) Kinda perfect for a teenager. Then I discovered Motorhead and never went back. I will say it really sucks to hear The Youngbloods' "Get Together," or a classic Aretha Franklin song, or even AC/DC in a f**king WALMART AD!
I have a theory of my own - back in the 60s and 70s economic inequality wasn't nearly as severe as it is today, the working class and middle class were thriving with unions and wage growth, and so people back then  weren't nearly as paranoid or defensive about their economic status. Nowadays, people are struggling greatly just to scrape by, and so these artists are overcompensating, trying to project that they're more successful and secure than the next guy
Bill Maher ughughugh vomitemoji
Born in 82, grew up in Socal listening to Old punk which was anti-governent and society. Now all those people are liberal Goverment abiding douchebags lining up for their 5th booster. Nothing makes sense. Metal and s9me country are the last music genres that truky represent reality.
In her defense, Lady GaGa’s Money Honey when she says “Damn, I love the Jag, the jet, and the mansion” it’s about how someone’s love it’s better than any amount of money or fame.  “It's good to live expensive, you know it But my knees get weak, intensive When you give me k-kisses (that's money, honey)”
although Maher has been labeled as the old man yelling at kids to get off the lawn, I think he is spot on when it comes to modern music fetishizing brands and consumerism.
Old man complaining about music, like it hasn't been the same forever.  Maher has become such a whiney loser 🙄
My teenager daughter listens Tool. You guys all messed up.
Fuck off, this is Satanic Panic all over again
This could of been call rap music with a could pop artists so it doesn't come off like where picking on just rap.
It's surreal watching a literal millionaire lecture indigent youth about how unimportant money is
not a lot of hard rock or heavy metal music glamorizing bling. can’t think of any songs.
Bill and his generation literally instilled capitalism, this is on you.
Says a guy who owns ny Mets lol
Because in today's world, if you don't make LOTS of money,  you will suffer. Wealth is not what it used to be. You cannot have a home to yourself and your partner to start a family unless you GRIND GRIND GRIND and stay so focused on money, you no longer want a family.
Everything about contemporary pop culture is empty and gross
The monologue is very good, however the clapping after every sentence is highly annoying. Why does Bill allow that? If it's to feed his ego, that is sad. He should not need constant validation at this point in life. His monologue was great. No need to signal to the audience it was great.
Great topic from bill, what's going on in this space is scary, and would have loved to see this one pivot a little to also focus on how sexualised a lot of modern pop is as far as messaging, not just the materialistic aspect.  Fat stacks and fat a$$ with rehashed melodies, a bit sad.
Stoner Rock, folk Listen to stoner rock The music is better and these bands have regular jobs
,,,,,,TRUTH,,,,,,,,,............ I want my old job back  . . . so i have money😮
JFC, Bill. This was pathetic.
The richest are those who need the least.
Kids used to listen songs telling to rebel against society and this whole "machine", now songs tell kids to be enslaved by it!  This is a Papa Roach song from early 2000:  "There's no money, there's no possessions Only obsession, I don't need that shit Take my money, take my obsession  I just want to be heard, loud and clear are my words Coming from within man, tell 'em what you heard It's about a revolution, in your heart and in your mind You can find a conclusion, lifestyle and obsession Diamond rings get you nothin' but a life-long lesson And your pocketbooks stressin' You're a slave to the system, workin' jobs that you hate For that shit you don't need It's too bad the world is based on greed Step back and see Stop thinkin' 'bout yourself, start thinking' about  I don't need that 'Cause everything is nothing And emptiness isn't everything This reality is really just a fucked up dream With the flesh and the blood that you call your soul Flip it inside out, it's a big black hole Take your money burn it up like an asteroid Possessions, they are never gonna fill the void Take it away and learn the best lesson The heart, the soul, the life, the passion  Money, possession, obsession Present yourself, press your clothes Comb your hair, clock in You just can't win, just can't win And the things you own, own you No!  Let´s not even start with grunge, made by very intelligent guys, talking about suffering, depression, sad stories...Things you could learn and make you strong...now, what kids can learn? How to be a materialistic piece of s.it? An ahole like andrew tate? a female rapper that only talks about how cool is to be a rich  b.tch???   It´s fuckn sad...
The music that baby boomers listened to might have preached something other than money, but that didn't stop boomers from being the greediest and most acquisitive generation yet. I don't think you can blame it on music or culture. People grab as money money as the situation allows them to. Singing Kumbaya and Imagine while sitting by the pool of your vacation house doesn't make you a better, less money hungry person.
A millionaire telling poor people that money is not what they need.. Hypocrite
Don’t forget “Diamonds are a girl’s best friend” sung by Marylin Monroe.  Honestly though, I suspect it’s a longstanding tradition to brag about monetary success as long as you do it with “class”.  Which probably means doing it according to the standards of WASP society.  This is something I think Max Weber explains pretty well - goes back to the Puritans who settled in America about 400 years ago.  And those guys were really weird by today’s standards - I mean they thought listening to music was a sin.
See Ren "Money Game" parts 1 - 3
Bill just became the “get off my yard” guy😂😂. Spoiler alert.  Old people been throwing shade on young people’s music since Mozart for *pick your reason*.  I also think part of the reason is our classic rock heroes, while tossing out the hippy party line of “we’re all in it together, love your brother, whatever” were/are ivory tower elitists hypocritically going about their career.  I think most of us know a Lambo is nice, but silly
This made me feel good about my choices…
EXTRA! EXTRA! Out of touch Old man says youth are being ruined by current popular music and claims it was better in the past.
Sex has been given way to if you  "Don't have money cause I'm A gold digging bitch who wants a sugar daddy to support me And look good" plus they won't have sex like they used to. God damn I miss the OLD DAYS.....
Boy, since when did Maher start sounding liberal about anything?? 😑
The people who are writing the songs grew up in poverty. Lots of times extreme poverty. It’s aspirational.
This is the guy who talked about how much he loved to fly private jets, right?
Rolex on a redneck?! 😂😂😂
Gen-X did not have music that preached materialism, we had movies.  Ask any of us what influenced us and we will say Wall Street or Boiler Room or any of the other movies that preached wealth and excess.
That cackling woman is ruining the show w that horrible laugh haha
To be fair, kids have been getting the idea hammered into their head that money matters most since the 80’s. It’s not that surprising so many worship money. Especially considering how many people are eking out a living below poverty
Good one
luxury labels are obviously giving artists money and gifts in an industry wide back scratching circle jerk.   I'm hopefull that there's a backlash of dissent coming from the rebelious minds of teenagers, because nothing is cool for long.  Look at disco, we got out of that trend relatively ok.
Whatever you think of her, Taylor Swift doesn't sing about money. She sings about romance and love.
I think it's partially driven by how expensive life has gotten. Middle class 16 year olds in 1970 who expected to go to college also expected to get a decent paying job fairly quickly out of college and afford a home by their late 20's. The pressures applied to younger people to just afford rent without any prospect of saving until at least their early 30's given their astronomical student loans means a comfortable living condition feels only achievable from your late 30's at the earliest.
I grew up in the 80s. All I need is a miracle.
oh man, I've thought this ever since I first moved to the states in elementary school over 20 years ago 🤷‍♂️
Men, especially older boomers, be choosing who want to be spending old age with, including most lusted after and desired merry widow candidates, (like Bezos, and that's why wants her looking so good in corsets garters and lace), or the buddies and who they choose chose. THAT'S what can see happening all the time. Good segment Bill.
If there was a FILTER to delete audience noise here, I would happily PAY for it!!!!!   This time it is a woman for a change that has to show us all that she gets EVERY joke with her laughter outburst.  Plus some other mega-nerds as usual.  The message, however, is great!  (Boomer from Germany here ;-)
6:26 good one
Not to take away from your point which I overall agree with, but to act like the largest number of poor people in the country (white) are all rich is just misinformation.   Percentage of Americans on Welfare:  White – 38.8% • Black – 39.8% • Hispanic – 15.7% • Asian – 2.4% • Other – 3.3%   Going by these stats alone it certainly looks like the largest population on welfare identifies as black, but when you look at the actual population demographics it is clear that the largest population on welfare are identifying as white.  Out of over 300M Americans, only 45.1M are identifying as black.  251.6M are identifying as white, and all the rest pick up the remainder.  The differences between the actual percentages of white and black on Welfare is miniscule at best = 1%.
Thanks Bill, wished every media company would check itself
It's not always possible to have everything you desire, but by making an effort, you may discover that you can acquire what is necessary.
I disagree. It was Michael Corleone who said that the contempt for money is just a trick of the rich to prevent the poor from having it. Now the mask is off. Everybody wants to be rich, and now all of humanity finally speaks the truth. We are greedy MFs, each and every one of us.
While I agree with what you are saying, mostly. Poverty doesn't own a color, and humility is inherited. John Lennon's lyrics, I believe, were meant to make you think about life without God. Ironic in context. No possessions, meaning people too. Man is made in his image. Imagine. Do you think it's time for a pap?
I knew rap music ruined the world. Kind of ironic that Killer Mike was on the same episode.
Who runs the music companies? Who controls the marketing. Follow the money and see the brain washing going on since 1980.
Hey❤❤ Music has always been about bli...ng...? ..
Man, this was perfect
So critical but will the message resonate? Besides “Bling” in Pop now if your music isn’t “hitting” then worship Satan incorporate Satanic rituals even TS …
I wonder where this capitalist mindset came from.
💯
Mo Money Mo Problems - The Notorious B.I.G.
People will always be dismissive of older people....which will lead to our downfall
Many in our generation were just as clueless and materialistic, Bill. And many were not.  We just didn't have the internet to be hyper aware of it either way. You aren't exactly getting your material from the more educated side of social media, Maher.  We whine about cancel culture and political correctness and identity politics while pretending it is exclusive to the left or to an entire group.  You never once mentioned the Church, there is no shortage of materialism in the Church. And now anyone with an internet connection can become a grifter taking full advantage of gullible fools.   Pastors preachers, mega church ministers.  Every generation has it's good points and bad points. Ours did as well. You know you are getting old, Maher, when you whine about the generation you spent your adult life convincing yourself you were better than.
There's irony in this clip coming from HBO 🤦
5:40 accept that unless they're in their '70s or older the vast majority of living black people were never denied anything because of their race In fact they were given handouts and special privileges because of it
Bill markets 10 million just for doing a show.  He is a frequent of the Playboy mansion  and worth at least  140 million dollars.  Is he a hypocrite?
The first thing I went for as a teenager was the one and only Beatles real music never dies
Check your playlist before any statement
I've been tired of Bill for the past few years, but this is so on the money, it's unfortunately not funny.  Pun intended. I'm a white multimusician/producer that lives & works in the heart of Bed-Sty Brooklyn, the heart of East Coast HipHop, & every week I have a conversation w/an artist I'm working with, about how bragging about your shit, is really about exposing your insecurities.  And the people that can see that, the emotionally intelligent people that will build you up in life, & help you defeat those insecurities, aren't the people you're going to attract.  Bragging about your bling just makes you a magnet for trash.
This gave me chills. Thank you.
Finally Bill is busting rap music.
Bill, you hit the nail on the head here!  I cannot stand the repetitive sound of many popular songs and I am shocked to find out how they emphasize money and sex etc. I was turned off by the Rap sound and keep hoping that motown would come back into style!    Many pop songs also lack a strong melody and all one can hear is the electronic drum and loud repetitive bass line. I was a professional musician for decades and took voice lessons where I practiced singing the vowels clearly and many older folks would say thank you for singing in a way where I can understand what you are saying. So many singers mumble the words but since most of the lyrics sound like a page from a 10 year olds diary, maybe that's a good thing. Many of the young people I know tell me they prefer music from the 60's and 70's. Where are the next Beatles, Simon and Garfunkel, Temptations, Ray Charles, Van Morrison, The Band, James Taylor, Joni Mitchell, Pink Floyd, The Doors, Bob Dylan, etc ?  I just do not hear any popular music that will endure in the same way. There are some great acoustic musicians playing and singing with feeling about love and values and nature etc but they do not get much air play. I think young people spent too much time watching TV and playing video games and they do not appear to have a lot of imagination to come up with a new song idea!  And don't get me started on all of these dumb movies based on cartoons made into real people.
Spare me Bill... these older artists were/are just as rich and materialistic as any of today's stars. Kenny Loggins has a net worth of $20 million with an estate in Montecito. Tina Turner: $250 million. Each of the Beatles' net worth in the hundreds of millions with Sir Paul at $1.2 billion. Old, wise, folk-singers weren't giving up their riches/materials and "imagining a world with no possessions."  They were just your run-of-the-mill artists profiting off of a capitalist system and general public brought up on protestant hokum.
A millionaire preaching to us about the woes of celebrity materialism. Bill, you’re part of it and no one is buying it!
From a guy who has a lot of it.....money and bs...
I used to want want want, now I'm trying declutter my junk drawer of a life It's wild how when u get older u think different...  can't wait till these kids now look back at themselves of today and just cringe at what they once was
It's like Maher turned 65 years old but went straight to 90. Funny how I grew up on grunge rock and gangsta rap yet somehow avoided heroin and cappin' bitches in drive-bys. It's almost as if music can be enjoyed without making any particular song the capstone of your life.
oh Lisa - Money is there on the top but from the 80s I remember the dire straits - money for nothing and alice cooper had a song too
New category ‘best boomer shouting at clouds’
When I die, put my money in the grave… I really gotta put a couple niggas in they place Really just lapped every nigga in the race I really might tat "Realest Nigga" on my face Lil CC let it slap with the bass I used to save hoes with a mask and a cape Now I'm like, "Nah, love, I'm good, go away" Ain't about to die with no money, I done gave ya
ABBA "Money, Money, Money", Shirley Bassey "Big Spender", Fred Astaire "Putting on the Ritz"
Bill, thank you for saying this. It’s one of my main problems with modern pop music. It’s just very uninspiring. Mostly about getting money or sex. The subject matter has become very uninteresting.
Pretty sad about his views lately and the general decline in his contribution to politics, but I gotta say I like this Bill.
“Diamonds are a Girl’s Best Friend”, but I get your point!
Gosh being raised on Avril was sooooo pure💗
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
“Material Girl” was satirical. c’mon, Bill lol
I was interested in seeing how Bill would turn this against the right. I guess music is conservative republican now because it has the word money in it. This is rich coming from a rich f*ck like Bill Maher. Only he can have the good life. It's like when he thinks he's the adultest smartest guy around because he did a lot of drugs. "You'll own nothing and be happy with it."
Giving out swag bags worth 50k is also fueling this bs.
I think there's been a political shift in music.  Most of the people Maher is talking about were fuckin hippies.  Libertarian left wingers who were more concerned about the grateful dead tour schedule and ending the war in Vietnam than anything else.  Life was easy, the housing market was better, the cost of living was lower, the median income was higher (CoL adjusted).  Now-a-days, pop music is dominated by rap and R&B, lot of black artists from poor backgrounds who while probably vote left, have a very conservative mindset to how they live their life because many of them didn't get help getting to where they are.  So they're gonna value all these status symbols that show how high they've climbed the ladder without [in their eyes] anybody's help.  Not defending music today, just saying:  You have very different artists that just kinda happened naturally.
The age demographic that glorifies this "music" is also the same one that gives the most lip service towards climate change.  I read somewhere that Gen Z buy 85 pairs of clothes a year, how in the world do they think the cotton for those clothes is harvested?  Farm equipment doesn't run on battery power.
Listen to “New Slaves” by Kanye West
Rap lost me when the same 3 words are in every song, b*tches, money, guns. What happened to storytelling & poetry. Rappers once were poets and talked about social issues, promoted the fact they are intelligent. It still exists but it's not making anyone money or accolades like the ones talking about how sluts like their cars and gold. I can't see a 90yr old rapper doing his farewell show with that lack of lyrical talent. It's gotten embarrassing. It's also the reason that globally cover bands are still doing mainly songs from before the 90s.
And their music sucks ... Even their lyric doesn't go in harmony with whatever the shit they produce in the name of the music Music is for soul...not for money
Obviously, having money is extremely important. Yet so is having a balance of core values and core beliefs to consistently apply to a persons responsible actions. With those values & beliefs, a person can always aquire more money. Intelligence only gets a person so far. Skills are critical but those only take a person so far. To me, it's having the right balance of values & beliefs with perspectives on personal growth like relating to others. Part of a persons values should include great daily habits because there isn't anything that can stop a person from reaching goals with those types of values.
Blacks were denied 60/70 years ago time to move forward
I just can’t get enough of Black culture. It’s fuckin great. I wish I could appropriate it. Happy BLM month everyone!
Since the Obama administration, Bill went from Jon Stewart to Bill O’Reilly. Awful! He complains how all the young generation does is whine but you hear crap like this and realize the only person he heard talking is himself.
@audreyquinn73/I agree. The younger generations seem to thrive on negative sensationalism . There are so many other healthy options for healthy people so it seems that a great deal of music is targeted towards attracting the market that likes the generational standards which are petulant and childish.To use your description, culture consumerism.
✨💟💌💟✨
Bill Maher is the last person who should be speaking about materialism. He lives in a lovely Beverly Hills mansion that’s at least $10M along with owning the land next to it. A lovely $1M condo on the coast. He invested $20M on The Mets; also owning a Ferrari, a Porsche, and a Mercedes Benz. Maher's favorite brands include Dolce & Gabanna, Prada, Paul Smith and Royal Park & Ball; the latter making his custom tailored suits.   Isn’t it a little hypocritical to deflect onto silly pop music with fun and fantastical themes? He should be talking about his own materialism.
It’s so sad how shallow and empty this society is.
If you want what you have, you'll always have what you want.
I’m gonna leave this comment here: when I was a high school teacher, I had a student ask me if I owned any Gucci or Louis Vuitton and when I said I didn’t, he responded with “well, how can you claim to be a man?”I gave the kids a little lecture about why that was wrong . That idiot dropped out too. I had one more kid saying he didn’t wanted to save for the future, but he wanted to buy a luxury watch. A 16-year-old said that. These kids are in trouble if they think like that.
The best thing about Bill is that whether you agree with him or disagree with him, he's so smart you want to know his position, and he always thinks his things through.
"You don't have to be rich to be my girl, you don't have to be cool to rule my world. Ain't no particular sign I'm more compatible with, I just want your extra time and your kiss." Prince was an educator of life and beyond to an entire generation.
ok boomer
Lets shit talk Comics. now there's an idea. I'm not for the lyrics, but comon man. Get off my lawn.
Maher: *sees leftist solidarity with working people* "The kids have completely unrealistic expectations for the economy."  Maher: *sees leftist anger towards a system that promises them prosperity and delivers desperation* "Kids today are so entitled."
Thousands of songs before 1990 we’re all about materialism and money. And all those supposed  ‘non-materialistic’ superstars mentioned sure lived well with all their money and stuff.
This is just elitism. In a country with a wealth gap that it has now. Telling people to not be so materialistic is pretty RICH. NOT MANY PEOPLE CAN YOU LOSERS. ITS ALL PARODY NOW.
Materialism is even in Sports. Many so called superstars put money over winning to the extrem. If a athlete like Kobe demands the max while being banged up, injury proned and with havhing already hundereds of million in the bank, then this also sends a message to the people: always put money over everything else..
I miss punk rock pre 1982.  It hit different.
I love most of bills stuff but when he starts glorifying his gen and insulting new gens it bugs me….boomers got to do a lot of shit probably more than today’s kids…only difference no one was streaming it live
You can relate to older music's subject matter more than you can newer music.
Bill, your graphics dept needs to apologize to John Fogerty! Tina covered Proud Mary.🤦🏻‍♂️
if i had a nickel for every old person crying about bad music...
why just white suburban spoiled kids, how about black middle class to obama officials SPOILED as well.  Sad.
Grandpa Bill, blaming music for kids behavior now… Frank Zappa would roll over in his grave
Bill finally became a Fox News viewer 😂
I agreed on the material aspect except for the sad songs.  Nirvana. Nina Simone. Johnny Cash. Evanescence. Massive Attack’s Teardrop.  Hell, even Sinead O’Conor, the person who he referenced earlier is known to be in that sad bop category.   I mean I agree with most of his takes on this segment but at the end I am reminded this man’s taste in music would probably make me vomit.
The pendulum always swings back and it’s long overdue.
You struck a much needed chord. You deserve a Grammy for that.
this is why we need spiritual values of human good.
Write a song about this.
Bill is so clueless on these generational bits. Wtf is he talking to here? The gen you're bashing isn't watching, and they dont give a shit what you think bc you arent talking to them. How about a message to your gen who raised them? The adults.
This is one of the greatest New Rules I've ver seen in decades. Bill Maher, the one and only
Whoever writes these monologues deserves an Emmy per week. Excellent as always! =)
Yeh the music signals greed, this is true. I believe baby boomers are arguably the greediest people in the entire US though. They always have been and to the extent that they will watch the entire country live in poverty if it means they don't get a tax hike
So it's music?  Not every single other aspect of our culture?  Not movies, tv shows, fancy celebrities, a culture that values us based only on our financial status?   Where's a kid hearing a message OTHER than greed?  These kids are singing about money because that's all they've been taught by adults.   Blaming 20-somethings like a clueless old man.  Everyone's so greedy, wanting to live in a home and eat food.
Pink Floyd … “Money”. Beatles … “Taxman”. They all sang about it when they got it, probably because many hangers on were getting more than they were.
For once in a very long time, I agree with Bill 100%
This leaks over into mainstream media. GMA always has a "bargain shopping" segment, where overpriced crap that no one needs is now going for half- still overpriced, but it makes you feel like you're getting a deal. What is more interesting is they also regularly offer tips on how to save money. How about not buying the overpriced crap you don't need?
Thls wwas the worst show
It just sounds like the show switched out the planted male obnoxious laugher/clapper for arguably a more obnoxious female laugher.
Hmm.. I was only aware of two songs - one by Pink Floyd and the other by Abba.
Coming from the generation who has horded more wealth and power than the rest of humanity combined. Boomers - share the wealth. keep the sanctimony.
Has the obnoxious clapping always been there on bills show. I had to point it out to my father 5 years ago. He is now pissed I pointed it out.
Where is the love? Where is the love? ❤
"all the music sings about materialism" WRONG  Death Metal doesn't sing about it at all. Not one.
Maher is a toolbag
Music is also an expression of what the artist is feeling and thinking, and sometimes a confession and not a message. Having said that, I agree Bill, it's sad and thanks for saying this. Luv ya Bill!
Bill your losing your integrity with your tangents.
"Nobody wants less than what they have."- Joni Mitchell
Ok boomer.
I see the future. Yasiin Bey on SM episode of Real Time.
A great lesson on the evils of materialism from someone absurdly wealthy... Priceless  At least we can listen to music about owning nice things since your generation made it so that we won't ever actually own anything
Sooo true! ❤👏🙌
It's a bad theme park.
Oh please, I grew up listening to the Beatles tell me that "Money can't buy everything. That is true, but what it doesn't buy, I can't use." How about this little ditty, " If you want to be happy for the rest of your life, get an ugly woman to marry you. Hey, man, I saw your wife the other day, and she's UGLY. Yeah, but she sure can cook." Since Socrates, society has been going to hell in a handbasket because of the corruption of the youth.
No amount of money can buy class.
Thank you, Bill, perfectly said!
Music knowadays is really bad. Acknowledging those who did 'well', aka the Grammys, is like having a ghetto party in the suburbs.
I'd argue that anyone who takes their lessons in life from pop stars need to reconsider their life choices, but.. this nonsense only highlights a bigger issue in the music game, in that its been dead for over 20 years, and the concept of art and creativity went out the window when the corporates decided that more cash can be made from company mergers, and not quality hit songs.. so the crap that Bill points out here is simply the results you get when no one actually gives a fuck about CULTURE.. its all over and it aint coming back.. and the music community are the last people on the planet to have the character to do anything about it.
Maher has turned into a really self-righteous old fart. When he says "OK Boomer", that's because he knows how full of it he is. "It was so much better in my days, kids". Back in the 70's, rock bands like The Eagles, Fleetwood Mac, Pink Floyd, the Rolling Stones, etc. lived a life of self-indulgence and luxury. They trashed hotel rooms, did coke, drank champagne and wasted tons of money in studio time, all the while singing about "the common man".  Led Zep travelled by private jets and carried around hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash so they could buy cars and guitars on the spot. That's what punk bands rebelled against: the gap between the fans and the musicians sleeping in luxury suites and riding in limos. Pop stars have always been materialistic, no matter what they wrote in their songs.
THe O Jays " The Love Of money is the root of all evil"
This is why I love this show! Truth with comedy but hits the point!
Yeah. Blaming the music again. Just like every generation before it. Great old man rant.
well society didnt get better from all those "you dont need money" songs so what difference does any of it make?
Strike anyone else as a bit silly for Billionaire Bill Maher to rally against materialism after all the bitching against the Covid restrictions (& chumming up with folks that are, essentially, Covid deniers like DeSantis) because those restrictions cost him & his NY Jets money?   Remember when his private jet inspired him to stop preaching about the environment?   Don't get me wrong, it's a good point! And I still love the show, just kinda makes me chuckle to hear  him preach against mayerialism.
For what it’s worth, the lyrics of my youth still ring true:  “Battle lines being drawn  Nobody’s right if everybody’s wrong”
Gucci, Lou Vi ton, Bentley, gold chains, cocaine, found dead in the swimming pool.
Pop music is definitely garbage but it’s hilarious that this rich guy is calling it out. I guess a broken clock is right yada yada…
I thought he was actually gonna talk about music, but then he just started talking about a lot of non-music garbage.
says the rich asshole who will never know what its like to not have money.
Pop music has been stagnant and stale for 15 years at least. It used to cycle every 3-4 years, sometimes faster, into something completely new but now it’s been the same stuff for so much longer.
This is why shoplifting has now  become the black person’s hobby.
Um, you forgot Money, by Pink Floyd!
More people need to read Ecclesiastes.
Hopefully you don't have to be a Boomer to get how on-point this is! Although generationally, this GenXer missed the first musical phase he was talking about, I do think that things have gotten "worse" in that we don't seem to talk about anything other than A) bling or B) how sad we are. Was just joking with my wife that listening to Spotify "made me want to slit my wrists," and now I know why. Whether it's feeling socially isolated or craving more "stuff" that we can't have, the world of social and material want is making us miserable. At least we have sobering comedic voices like Bill's to shepherd us through.
Best song where no one brags about buying a lot of shit? Won't be a hip hop song then.
"Money" by Pink Floyd.
The laughters are so fake, i cringe every time!
Listen to the rich comedian lambalasting people for wanting to be like him. You're a flop Maher. Shows over - it's a wrap for you.
Old man continues to yell at clouds.
slob on my nob..
Hard rock and metal are the refuge from this garbage.
https://youtu.be/_AWIqXzvX-U?si=vcWrpK-IcPThFgLM
Pink Floyd- money
thre was ice t and ice cube, but no ice capade, perfect joke.
Facts. Materialism: Reason why family, marriage and relationships are collapsing by the thousands.  Good luck “western civilization”!
NF......
The country died when the hippies  left and disco with the diamonds fancy clothes and low neck shirts every thing to do with showing off
Hilariously reductive for a dude who is known for bangin Black strippers to put materialism on RAP.
I think the 'don't give a shit' attitude and hypersexuality is worse.
Proud Mary was written by John Fogerty, not Tina Turner
wait a minute ..how about romantic love songs like My Neck My Back by Khia??
He forgot to mention money by Pink Floyd
Very annoying lady laughing out there , she was a replaced for the very annoying man last year .We like this show , please don't fuck us up Bill Maher
This really makes you take a step back and look at the way things are going. It’s easy to grow used to this stuff.
I think you just explained why Taylor Swift is so popular.
Says the man with all the money and no love.
Very excessive clapping
We’re in the money.   If I had a million dollars.
Hey, listen up from a Boomer this guy is pure genius!!
Ew! After the Kanye lyric, why do I *feel the need to BATHE??*
When the cheap seats at the stupid Superbowl cost over 8000 dollars and a 200 foot super-yacht owner wants to sell it cos he wants a bigger one, is Iran really wrong when it calls the USA 'The great Satan'?
You got too many people - of all ages - thinking the way to wake up for work is to stop and get a $10 coffee or smoothie...and make sure people see you drink it.  The "live simply so others can simply live" died when the Smiths started keeping up with the Jones'.
What’s wrong with wanting stuff?  You have stuff, don’t you, Bill?
In Re: Material Girl -- and the funny thing is, despite it's superficially-expressed lyrics the song is actually poking at the conceit of materialism over emotional substance. This is more clear when the video is viewed relative to the song, including it's before and after scenes.
Disposable, shallow songs about luxuries and material possessions (or aspirations to acquire them) has been a mainstay of music for 60 years. it's not some new, crass, lyrical subversion by lazy musicians with lousy taste. So he's wrong on that.  THAT SAID, I wouldn't worry that songwriters who can't write more introspective than their favorite expensive brand-name possessions will have long-term success
🎼Real music is music.
Bill Maher will claim to hate socialism, but here he is making a fantastic case against capitalism
Why i listen to japanese or Norwegian rock and metal, rather than american pop/rap
The woman planted in the audience to laugh is too Loud.
I'm here for Jessica Tarlov 😊
Ok but enough clapping
The guy laughing at everything has been replaced with a woman laughing at everything.
Not long ago he was making good points. He's now lost the script.
Bill you never herd of Pink Floyed
Check out the new song by upcoming singer songwriter Kristen Noble "The More We Give ". Very refreshing
I grew up in this music scene but I've always loved 60' and 70's rock. There's just something wonderful about the upbeat vibe and carefree attitude.
Who wants their neighbor go african?
John Fogerty wrote “Proud Mary”—not Tina Turner.
You really got your money’s worth out of the paid laugher lady Bill. Super obvious.
Well, we all know where most of this comes from right?
The fake laughers are back.
this fenomenon is .. all arround the world. it shouldn't be a shock to find it in the capitalist ideology. are you sure it's new?
I've got 5 on it.
Does everyone realize that Hip Hop/Rap has been around for 40 years? I've been tired of it for 35 and ready for a move on.
Wait: was that anti politically correct bill Maher cancelling opposing views? He’s now just an old millionaire conservative criticizing the dream of being rich he had in his own youth. Hypocrite!
Eh…. This is a lame rant…
Hey Bill you paid Black People Reparations and of course you won't have to hear people singing about Stuff and Money  !!!! BILL IS A HATER 😂😂😂😂 Big Time 🎉
Bill makes me laugh. I know he's a music lover and has a huge collection of music too. But as far as materialism I see some of the shit he collects on Club Random. But at least he doesn't brag about material shit like these fool singers who appear so shallow.
O'Connor was an idiot who killed herself. She converted to  Islam. She produced nothing of any worth.
If you interviewed Bills parents generation they would have said his generation was the most spoiled of all time… the older people thinking the younger generation has too much is a tale as old as time..
Grunge had no interest in stuff or accumulating things, except maybe a solitary candle you could stare into and contemplate existence.
Spoken like someone who has all of the stuff he could ever want.
It's funny how so many people thought/think that Kanye West was/is some kind of a lyrical and musical genius. We came up with better rhymes in elementary school.
What in the grumpy old man? Yes grandpa, it's because of that wild rap music. 🤦‍♂️
This is a recycled rant from an angry old liberal who doesn’t want to pay anymore taxes. What a shock.
I haven't bought music or made an effort to listen to anything new since music went digital.
3:43 Bill Maher singing on key
You can't  ignore it Bill it is a black thing all round with white wannabes. Who leads the charge to loot at the drop of a hat? Sure it's racist but it's also true. And don't try to excuse it.
Yeah bill but we all know u gonna fly private should u have a gig this weekend.  Right? Yeah you are. 😅
And that is why my generation is so damn broke and lonely
When the Beatles covered "Money", John Lennon only agreed to do it if he could shout out, "I wanna be free!" And even if musicians now don't specify that it equals freedom, it does so on a subconscious level.
A-fucking-men 🙏
Says the guy with a net worth of $110 million 😙 and ya need to dig into the 70's music library a lot more ! LOL
I've just turned 40, and even my generation can be very materialistic. I myself am happy with my wife and children, some running shoes, exercise equipment and some good books. The link between material desire and sadness is also bang on, a lot of world religions have highlighted the link between desire and being unsatisfied, and despite being a devout atheist, I think there's value to be found there.  As the ancient Greek philosopher Epicurus said, all that humans need to be happy is friends, self sufficiency and good food, though I'd add health to that too, and by good food that doesn't mean expensive or fancy.
Bill, u give out very good takes,, but can you please for once, shut your audience up with the unnecessary applause interruptions all the time? pls kindly regulate them. its fcking annoying
Even “St. Taylor Swift” has a materialism in the lyrics of her music.
Everything's at your fingertips too. Amazon and Temu will get you that piece of crap you don't really need in 2 days.
Maher lost me back during the coved epidemic, but it seems the last few episodes he's starting to make some sense again.
I don't like the materialism either, but come on.  "Before 1990 there were like two songs ever that glorified money."  Yeah, right.....
you forgot pink floyd money.........about buying a football team and a leer jet
Is 68 year old Bill seriously doing a "music today sucks" rant?!  I'm guessing next week's rule will be about skateboarders on his street, or maybe how clouds piss him off.
WEF's Klaus Schwab also said "Imagine no possessions" as "You will own nothing and be happy"!😕🥺
Hip hop is just incredibly influential rn. And i dont think lyrics are that influential on kids. Its entertainment.
It’s music has been in the dumps for like 20 years now  No progression Just the same thing over and over being beat to death
Brilliant. just brilliant!
Dang Bill, you've been boasting about yourself and your wealth for years now.  How are you different from these current musicians?  Shameful lack of self awareness at your age Bill.
How expensive is your suit, Bill?
I agree on materialism and culture of capitalism but I don’t think it’s all music. Much more
Musicians aren't the shapers of culture, but the reflection of it.  Corporations drive ever increasing American wealth gaps because of the ever more desperate motivation it produces in a captive audience to desperately strive to climb the ladder they provide us = social control for their profits.
Thank you Bill for this. I was thinking about this today as I work on music and the world today seems so much more materialistic in my generations (Millennial/Gen-Z). Also, I saw an interview two days ago when Madonna said “Material Girl” was supposed to be ironic because she isn’t and albeit she didn’t grow up as one, she wasn’t trying to be portrayed that way.
Bill just subconsciously created 10,000 new passport bros, keep up the good work.
The formula for the radius of a circle?  Does Bill have a learning disorder?
As a fan of Metal, Hard Rock, Jazz Fusion, and Prog I'm happy to report there's none of this shit in my world.
Nowadays it would be, or perhaps it will be revolutionary to be creative about other ideas different to materialism.     Perhaps about spiritual things
The Smiths, Radiohead, Joy Division, etc, were doing sad bops ages ago
This is the musical equivalent of a Lotto ticket.
Bill, there's limited data that being a have not results in an adoption of conspicuous consumption (that seems to be an American thing), but there are studies that tie life expectancy to conspicuous consumption (i.e. in high crime neighborhoods, where one is more likely to die of a violent act, conspicuous and portable consumption rises)
Bill is finally waking up.
Spot on. Reminds me of the quote "some people are so poor, all they have is money"
Gee, how old is 'Material Girl' by Madonna now?  The 'blame the music for your children' meme is as old as she is.
So, I guess, giving a shit... I really dont dont know what to say...
Also, just a complaint: Can we get rid of that Gaf stuff where they slow down a classic to unbearable speeds and add a huge amount of echo effect?
Wait...wait...wait...wait.... artist have always bragged about that.  It's just being noticed now? Maybe because  we can't do name calling. I miss  my mother now that she's gone.  But the your mama jokes have always been funny.
My favorite song is Bittersweet Symphony from the Verve . Beautiful true song that resonates :  'Cause it's a bittersweet symphony, that's life Tryna make ends meet, you're a slave to money then you die I'll take you down the only road I've ever been down You know the one that takes you to the places where all the veins meet, yeah
Old man yells at cloud
just as many if not more love songs and where r we?
"Shame your mind, don't shine like your possessions do Whining, complaining all the time don't see no rain on you What side your bread is buttered on If only you knew  What do ya mean I want more" - Faithless
Fucking old boomer ass bill marher, get off my grass vibes shit.
Bill you do the old guy thing now where you smack your lips every time you say something. Stop it.
Just one more reason to listen to Japanese music. As a rule, the Japanese bands have positive, encouraging lyrics.
'I'm a misogynist, I'm a homophobe, I can't be trusted with firearms, and I spend my money on shit.'
Why does he keep smacking his lips and making mouth noises?
as daddy said "you can be earthly rich but poor everywhere else"  plus as a teen all the sexual innuendo was playfully masked like "genie in the bottle" but now they just saying they upfront saying they got WAP
The 90´s were the last great deacade of sustainable great music, that will live 4 ever. I´m from 69´ and felt i was the most lucky generation, when it comes to popular music. I learned about life, in all it´s glory, listening to bands like The Smiths, The Cure, Depeche Mode, Joy Divison, Kate Bush, Peter Gabriel, The beatles, The Stones, Bob Dylan, Dire Straits, Metallica, Slayer, Fugazi, The Pixies, Pearl Jam, soundgarden, The Who, The Sundays, Oasis, Blur, Jimi hendrix, John Coltrane, Miles Davis, Bill Evans, Sonny Rollins, Eels, Built To Spill, The Tragically Hips, and i think i will stop for now.  Love from Denmark.
Thank you Bill....🙏. Thank you Thank you!
Word who was that laughing annoyingly wow
yeah, cause poor in USA is an iPhone , a bed and 3 meals. Probably add a car to that list today. So the goal posts keep moving. You can literally have nothing today, but have more than a lot of middle-class had 10-20 yrs ago.
This is American based music, start looking or listening to other cultures . The 'greatest country' in the world is no longer applicable !!!
None of this music is about money. https://youtu.be/IFwhaBF4zD8?si=HTbzMeyivUhs2UwE
If only there were belief systems that rejected worldly possessions and materialism? I’m not saying Bill should stop being an atheist if that is his choice and the intellectual assent he has achieved! But maybe stop disparaging Christianity as a whole! Bill and I agree more these days than in the past! I’m in agreement here!
Well tom macdonald will win it every year 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
'Pussy, Money, Weed' -- is that a Bing Crosby hit that I missed?
Bill needs his teeth fixed
There a so many older songs about money and wealth, nothing new ... i.e.  Marilyn Monroe "Diamonds are a girls best friend"
As someone who has made quite a bit of money in my career, I will say that the rich realize that money is just a tool. The poor think it will solve all their problems. A billionaire I met once told me a quote that will stick with me forever "if your only motivation to become a billionaire is to be a billionaire, you will never become a billionaire".
how does "mo money mo problems" (which is close to 30 years old or "blood on the money" glorify money. most of those songs never even made the billboard charts. If he hates money so much why doesn't he support anti-capitalist movements? Bill Maher is just a charlatan
The generation who invented trickle down economics blaming rappers for materialism is insane.
Let me add  Gold digger 😂
This is all stuff the dems wanted....and now the consequences have come home and they will never look in the mirror and say maybe Im wrong...they will look outside and find anyone else to blame.
Love everything you said but one thing.  Did you really go down the white privilege road?  Really Bill.  You’re better than that.  My grandfather was a coal miner in West Virginia.  Yep.  A lot of white privilege there.  My father joined the Army so he would not have to be a coal miner.  Yep.  Just handed allllll that money.  And me?  A military brat.  Moving every 3 years.  But made me strong and joined the military my self.  So you’re saying only White people can do that.  Come on Bill.
Fortunate Son? CCR
....Says the guy worth millions!!! Gimme a break Bill!!
OK Boomer, who do you think is the record exec who has the money who push this. OH yeah, your dumbass generation.
Nothing also motivates people to get off their ass and earn to achieve a better life, regardless if it's materially based, by inserting this type of language into music. Whenever there's a resurgent in this type of music, the economy starts to boom. Our media overlords know exactly what they're doing.
Isn’t bill maher worth like 140 mil? Message from the rich is: money doesn’t matter. I agree with the message, but the advisor clearly doesn’t believe that.
I love Bill Maher, but he needs to get rid of the fake laughs and excessive claps like man wtf
People have no imagination. "Even though I aint got money I am so in love with you honey," Bill Maher showed other lyrics on the screen, but this one, he sang himself in his own soft mellow stream. That is interesting.
Looks like they replaced one annoying audience member with another.
Older lady here. I (ofcourse) never heard of these songs (: 5:50-6:25) To me it looks/sounds like commercial songs, you know, like in the ads. Companies should (or maybe did) pay for that.
I fluctuate with Bill Maher. Sometime he says something interesting and insightful, offering some glimpse into the values of the modern world. More often, however, the man comes across as an out-of-date and outmoded classical liberal: a moral evangelical who lacks the capacity to properly express himself and who consequently muddles his way through complex conversations merely spouting so much impotent reactionary nonsense. "Oh, but the world _was_ better when I was a child!" To which I can only respond: "Okay, boomer!" The way I see it, embrace the chaos and degeneracy of modernity! It's a hell of a time to be alive!
Agreed.
Lamborghini Mercy! - that song is fire though
I've heard some annoying laughs but the woman in the audience was by far the worst.
Blaming music is the biggest BS ever! Why don’t we change the laws and stop corporations from being greedy. Why doesn’t the government give reparations to all of the peoples they’ve stolen from? Give back all of the wealth gained from slavery! Talk about that asshole!
The Boomer/Xer cohort exalted crass consumerism.  Is it the Millenial/Zoomer's fault that they learned by our example?  Did the 80's not happen to you, Bill?
He’s so out of touch.
Don't forge the ridiculous class, "1st of tha Month" by Bone Thugs in Harmony about waiting to receive their public assistance checks on the 1st of the month.
People are sick of it the main artists at the Grammys are women talking about universal emotions. Taylor Olivia Lana SZA Billey Miley none of their songs celebrate money and bling.
The "Kids these days" routine is really getting quite old... twenty years ago music was turning kids into gangsters, forty years ago it was making them worship the devil...yawn. Btw grunge (and thrash metal!) were reactions to the shallow materialism of the mainstream thirty years ago already, so popstars bragging about their lifestyles is hardly a new phenomenon
That annoying cackling cow.... 🙄🙄
I'm old now, and early my parents told me to avoid buying hyped stuff, because it's always overpriced. That's the point of the hype. Flaunting riches might just get you robbed.
Please kids don't get after the money. It scares the living crap out of rich people like Bill.
Forgot Elvis..."How Great Thou Art". Should be played every day. I know Bill's an atheist but Elvis brought millions together!
Bill, thanks for the message about wealth, it means a lot from you with your 280 million in assets .
Bill you made me cry. Or values have gotten way off track.
This old dude needs to stop “tsk”-ing all the time
“But it don’t sing and it don’t walk”
My Maserati does 185….
MONEY FOR NOTHING come out before Material Girl
Pop Music is just porn in audio form
You are a stomach virus  ..
Love listening to a Millionaire preach to us about how we shouldn't want the better things in life.   Shouting about possessions only increases class consciousness. It's not "ok boomer" its "ok rich white elite." Go away Bill. The kids don't listen to you anymore.
Its not really the music anymore. Its tiktok and YouTube and Instagram and all the influencers pushing a gazillion products. This piece would make more sense if you used that angle.
when I was a kid I listen to a lot of trash and death metal from the US and UK, most of those bands talked about the horrors of war, war crimes and the aftermath of war, they were very specific on who to blame and how poor people are the victims of this and how rich countries becomes poor countries because of this cause
Beautifully said.
Mooom but I like materialistic songs😭😭😭
Wow…a positive aspect of Christianity is being shared. The shape of that hole in your heart can only be filled by god
completely agree with this monologue turned rant turned truth. I guess we CAN blame Madonna....hmmmmm
Often I see young folks listening to the music I grew up on, or classical music a century or more old, and they love it.  I then try to listen to new stuff and wonder: will anyone remember, let alone reference, this junk 50 or 100 years from now?
wasn't Bill extolling the joy of flying on private jets recently?  maybe take the log out of his own eye first?
Material Girl was Satire, in the video she constantly rejects the "rich guy".   There is nothing wrong with wanting money.... if you want to do something with it as opposed to buying useless crap.
Sublime wrote a nice song about looting and stealing. No buying anything 🤣
Speaking of getting a second idea , kids right now are listening to Sexyy red and co. And if they, (the kids) take inspiration from her lyrics, and lyrics of musicians of her ilk. Y'all will be BEGGING for a return to the "good ol' days of gangsta rap & shameless Materialism"
or even better a a category for song that don't promote being a 'ho'e.
Madonna only wanted fame and fortune!! We gave it to her!! What did we get back?? Nothing, nada, Zero! Oh wait music to play as electronic in a disco loud as shit!
The only brand thing I'm committed to is Dr. Marten. I have shoes that I wear daily that are more than thirty years old. Yeah, I paid $80 for a pair of shoes. I'm still wearing them.
Money in America is God is Freedom is Democracy is Ur Identity is Air Water n Food.
I am glad to know that Bill joins me in being quite content with our modest lifestyle.
There isn’t anything more disgusting than an old man with a net worth of $110 million demonizing those that sings about becoming rich… Bill Maher you are a disgrace!
Everyone who thinks rap is materialistic needs to listen to real rap. One of my album's singles is "consumer divorce". It's not all like that, only pop music is like this.
One of the many reasons I'm glad I chose not to have children. I would be a WRECK worrying about all the bullshit peddled to kids.
Well said.
Come on Bill, America drilled having money is power! Not the kids n music fault.  Americans luv CAPITALISM.
Bill Maher = Net Worth; $140.000,000.00 = Preaching to youth about money =  tone deaf bee-itch
Pink Floyd never made a song named "Money"?  Led Zep never talked about "buying a stairway to heaven"? Dire States with "Money for Nothing" There have been songs about money since there have been songs.
ok boomer
Bill’s writers must still be on strike. This is lazy analysis with applause breaks.
Ugh it’s so tacky, as a result these brand names are no longer elegant, nor are they a status symbol now that you see it on EVERYONE, including ppl who can’t pay rent but want that “luxury” item. Money talks, wealth whispers.
he says kids say his generation ruined the world, but this music is on them. no, bill's generation is responsible for this music too.
Bill, New Truck is a bout a girl who broke his heart and the truck reminds him of it, which is why he needs a new truck.
as much stuff as you have? says the many many  bigly millionaire.  Bill you know kids can look up to see how rich you are and the shit you own, right?
Okay Boomer 😂
Listen to POD and you won't get that crap - listen to Switchfoot or Jackson Browne, or a million others who are against the "man."
And an iPhone generation addicted to thoughtless garbage and clueless parents letting this slow train wreck play out.
When someone has the courage to be different the   Record labels and media conglomerates will do everything in their power to drown it out so the artist do what’s popular trash and they get rich for selling their souls.
Tough message to make when you travel on private jets and insist you will never give it up.
Great.  Now do sex, Bill.  Music has destroyed our culture in that area too, which is just as much a part of materialism.
It seems like the generation that came after Gen X’ers started focusing on materialistic things, and how much money they got. I, as a Gen X’er, couldn’t understand why the hip hop new music started talking about the amount of money & cars they have, so much. To me, from the Gen X generation, when you get money, or valuable things, you don’t go around bragging or talking about it. Because that can get you robbed. You get money, you keep it to yourself. You don’t go to the strip club and throw the money up in the air to make it rain, that’s crazy & ridiculous.
Nice to see at least you are cleaning up your act by starting to see things not only from your perspective. This is your best “new rule” by far
As a old guy with way too much stuff, the best advice I can offer kids today is to not get caught up in the  acquisition of material things as you'll come to find that the things you own will end up owning you.  Go out and gather new exoeriences, not stuff.
Ah, yes, All You Need is Love, sang the Beatles, written by Lennon and Mccartney, surely they must have been socialists.  How sweet.  Although, in 2024, Mccartney is worth $1.2 billion and Lennon's widow, Yoko Ono is worth $700 million, all of which, for each, is tucked safely away in their possession, not being divided among the poor and downtrodden of the world.  Which is puzzling because if all you need is love why did they hold onto their riches?  So when you hear, All You Need is Love, maybe consider that it might not have been a figurative and universal appeal to include themselves.  Maybe they were literally singing, All YOU need is Love, because as every business owner knows (, yes the Beatles were a business, sorry to blow your whole peace and love and flowers conception) the less competition you have, the less that market share gets divided, the more money, at the end of the day, you're putting in your own pocket.
Great New Rules. Bill should have mentioned the song by Migos called "Versace" It's literally said over a hundred times.
The only reason I want to be rich is so I don't have to worry anymore and get stress dreams about making rent. I agree with most of this message but I think there's an argument to be made that artists know that's what everyone wants, not just the possessions but the luxury to do nothing and not need to work or stress. Most of us will never get there
Perfect music for the age in which the corporations have taken over and monetized everything.  Greed is the only value left in America.
"Big Money" - Rush. Last lyric line "Big money got no soul."
What about Money Money Money by ABBA
Just like I did in my own youth, kids today never consider what it also costs to maintain the things the billionaire class owns.  If you can’t afford to put fuel in it, let alone pay to replace the inevitable failed alternator, or even replace the tires when they wear out, then you just can’t afford it!
Yet its mostly white people buying & supporting these artists. Yes you guys still make up the majority of the buying power. So there
Like the “hippie-kids”, a whole generation of boomers weren’t denied access to material things if they worked for it. For every generation after, the American dream is more akin to winning the lottery. Bill has really lost touch with age.
Most people don't think that much about money unless they don't have what they need. All these money songs getting popular could be a result of the gilded age we live in where the 1% gets almost all the benefits of labor with the laborers getting paid as little as possible. 40 years ago when material girl was big, you could live off minimum wage. Maher sounds like such an old fart when he talks about these social issues. Back in my day everything was better, especially music GET OFF MY LAWN
Question, how much are you worth. And what do you own with all the money you make.
Bill getting older and wiser... finally.
Today's music is so bad, it doesn't really matter, and Tiktok generation is so empty headed that what they listen today they won't remember tomorrow.
All this coming from a guy who's worth $140 million.
I get it but give the have nots 400 yrs of prosperity and then we can revisit this topic
Will you please stop that effeminate, smug tongue-clicking?
Bill is more Boomer than ever. sad.
Who is the woman in your audience every week with the loud obnoxious laugh?
I remember my Grandma saying to me once, "Well, if you ain't got nothin, but you still alive the next morn, then, I guess you still got something."   Good ol Appalachian way.😊
Bill Maher's writers don't know shit about music.
Somewhat generational. I grew up poor , and I grew up with many people of other races who were poor . We were never obsessed with getting money , and when we got it we didn’t flaunt it , we were thankful , but also very guarded and frugal, because we didn’t wanna be poor again . Fast forward , I used to work with social workers , and dealt with a lot of people in the foster system, and I would say the majority of those kids who came through that system grew up poor , but once they got money , they went wild with it . I just think this generation is different, they view the world and life differently. A lot of them I think don’t see a true purpose to life or any of this , so their motto is just live it up while you can . There’s not a lot of hope for the future if you ask me .
"Things the blacks were denied" is a LIE. It's not a "lack of", it's status and cultural narcissism.
Ahh bill you hypocrite, you helped build this market and now you are bitching?  A guy with 100 million bucks who pretty much lived at the playboy mansion and lives in a very exclusive neighborhood is trash talking “consumer culture”?  A man who hates kids and says we shouldn’t have them is telling people how to raise them?  Again, hypocrite thy name is Bill.
gratitude is the secret to happiness. desire is the path of pain. possessions, possess you. children are animals that react mostly on instinct and learn from it. Those raised by parents who struggle and argue about money saw the pain it caused and it wired them to see having money as less pain. Those raised by parents who had enough or more saw it as unnecessary for happiness and thus grew up not wanting/needing it as much. Boomers had a lot compared to the greatest that went thru the depression and had the world after ww2 and gave it to their children. X also had a decent amount but it was lesser and they were ignored by their parents who spent more time with their toys than with them. Y and Z grew up with 2 parents working, struggling and thus see money as a core key to happiness and have to struggle/hustle even more.  So naturally they sing about it. art/life
Bill is so out of touch lol boomers
Sad seeing a old man like Maher understanding America's youth
"Imagine no possessions" sang John Lennon while wearing a 2499 Patek Philippe worth $199,000.00 back then approximately $722k in today's dollar yeah sure Lennon "Imagine no possession like a 2499 Patek Philippe". 😂
Thank you for touching this subject.
Take on $100,000 worth of student loan debt while stuck working part-time AND having to do an unpaid internship. Then you can talk to me about glorifying money
In a capitalistic culture, money is king.
Okay Boomer, What about Mr. Michael Stipe of REM flaunting himself for Yves St. Laurent Advertisements in 2023.  The Boomers did sing about love affairs with minors back in the 60s and 70s. She's Only 17...
That would have been far less ironic and carry less "Old man yells at cloud"  energy If you would have mentioned more of how times have changed dramatically in 40 years. So comparing Three 6 Mafia lyrics to Cat Stevens and other white bands from the '70s is going to appear vastly different because you're comparing 40-year-old music to 20-year-old music. (not age of individuals.)  I hated new rap music and I still do and I was upset when more and more of these mumble rappers became popular but once big names in the hip hop industry kind of just resigned their fight against this new genre of music they started signing people because it's what the kids today want.  Hearing some millionaire hawk at us about good times from the '70s compared to the fast-changing times of the 90's - 00's   So much I've been accomplished not only on the civil rights movement which gave a platform and a voice to African Americans as well as living in a bustling capitalist society where the only objective in the game is to make money so I think this goes a little harder into maybe old white man is a little upset young black men and other's finally do get a chance to flaunt things and it doesn't make it less trashy, but everyone has different tastes and have enough people like something they will pay to see them perform or buy their music.  The rules of capitalism says you have to go with the flow at that point as long as the cash keeps coming you milk the cow.   So quit yelling at clouds and get off your pedestal before you talk to the average American
Multimillionaire Boomer whining about materialism...! That sounds about right.
Bill picks out songs to prove his point. Money, money, that’s what I want -Beatles. Frank Sinatra boasts about flying and gambling. What about this society we live in where black children are nearly three times as likely to live in poverty than white children while glorifying billionaires? The songs are not the problem.
This is the most "old man yells at cloud" thing Bill has done in a while. But I guess I'm old too because I can't say I disagree.
Fantastic piece
That annoying laugh
There are two Christmas songs that REALLY emphasize materialism: “The Twelve Days of Christmas” and “Santa Baby”.
Bill Maher  New Rule  Hilarious Intellectual awesomeness! "Rolex On A Redneck"! Too funny!
You forgot “Money” from Pink Floyd
You forgot “Money” by Pink Floyd.
Might sound good, though one has to wonder. When cows keep eating grass, maybe it's not the grass that's deciding it. At most you can argue it's a feedback loop: you're materialistic, so you listen to materialist music and get confirmed in your beliefs. True for anything really. And it can be bad, it's how bubbles turn into stratification.  But yeah, something's going horribly questionable. Probably part of the new religion, the gospel of envy. It's almost as if it's designed to try and fix the problem in a way that cannot work. You're miserable, so you do things that make you feel terrible and that make others miserable. Sure you get a little kick out of that, but once the high wears off, you need more and more. It doesn't work. A little money can buy you satisfaction. Beyond that, it doesn't buy you much happiness... and most of that happiness doesn't cost much. It just burns in your pocket, and becomes an obligation to buy more stuff you don't need.  Let's not even get into the idiocy when you finance that with debt.
My favorite rapper said he was trying to get paid in full. But that was aspirational. Ditto that idea about creating a new humble Grammy category 😊
Bravo, Bill.
This guy sucks.
Blame the industry and illuminati not our babies
Mo Town never talked about material possessions and that was a majority black American music. It really is a shift in culture, no matter how you slice it.
When I here songs about flying jets and luxory and thought... I like the tune but I cant relate.
Shit like this is also especially annoying because of the way the musicians are delivering it.  Half the time, these people are bragging about owning things that anybody with a job can afford.  Oh wow, you own a PS5?  So do about 100 million other people.  The rest of the time, they're bragging about shit they can't actually afford.  Call me skeptical, but I think there's only about a handful of these guys that can actually afford a yacht or a private island.  It's so stupid.
It’s not just music. All across YouTube it’s kids getting things, going on expensive vacations, eating junk, etc. And I’m just talking about YouTube Kids!
"Get a second idea for a song!"
Now do rap music
Why is it that almost every time I come across a "New Rules" segment these days, it's Bill being cranky about Millennials/GenZ?   I'm not a fan of modern Pop music or Hip Hop, but there are loads of contemporary musicians out there that sing about numinous and existential things.   Plus, are we seriously going to sit here and pretend Baby Boomers aren't materialistic? Are we really gonna play that game?
John Fogerty wrote “Proud Mary”. Not Tina Turner.
Old Bill getting grumpy.
Happiness is an inside job - anon
And the richest man in the world got his money from all of this.
Yes music and movies are getting to be very materialistic.  Interesting segment indeed.
Let's not lie to ourselves.  Today's pop music generally, and rap specifically, is BRAIN POISON. This kind of music causes anger and resentment when poor people are told to want after things they CAN NEVER HAVE.
world  made of matter  .even human flesh and bones are material.  material food  needed to  operate material body.  except air  that's non matter  . so what is MATERIAL ISM ?  if material people don't buy lots of shit  .lots of shit don't get created. shit don't get created.? people don't have jobs. you can't dig  with fingers to do agriculture. to grow material food. .shit dont get created . its all meaningless including that flesh you are hiding with suit and tie. can you seee illusion you are ?
The Beatles did record Money Can’t Buy Me Love.But they also did Money( That’s What I want! )!
Climate change would be a nonissue if Americans consumed  30% less.
Maybe it's a reflection of the fact that millinnials and younger are unlikely to ever in their life own the ground under their feet.
The lyrics, the culture, the music, are all a product of the society we’ve built. Bill can look at the end result of that society and criticize it, but dude, that is where we have all got ourselves. The boomer generation led our country to where it is. “These kids are entitled” to which I respond “You raised us that way”. We are in a pickle, and only we can get ourselves out.
Boats and Ho's.
I was wondering when this stupid trend was going to end in the 90s
Kids will still long after your dead. Still listening to the same music. Now if they didn't see and hear about all these rich people and how the rich people have it easy and made. Like you Bill. Thing may change.
Respectfully Bill, there will be no Mercy slander.
Imagine no Possessions, I wonder if you Can?  Made me think about John Lennon 1st Album with Plastic Ono Band.  Title song "God"  "I don't believe in Beatles" and the music stopped.  John's songs couldn't be this great if he focused on materiel possessions.
Aren't "keeping up with the Jones's", the worship of wealthy people (one of the drivers of the Trump cult), the "prosperity gospel", the drive to become rich or as the popular expression goes, "making it", outrageous consumerism and the idea that your wealth is your worth as a person, all essential parts of US culture? The song lyrics are just a symptom of a more profound and ancient malady of the American psyche. This sickness stems from the elevation of the most abject selfish greed to the status of man's greatest virtue. The egotistical cult of greed is celebrated by the US libertarian current of thought. It is expressed in the writings of Ayn Rand, their favourite writer. When material posessions and wealth do not succeed in filling the emptiness inside, people turn to alcohol, drugs, cults, and other forms of magical thinking to give meaning to their lives. Stangely, many people don't realize that what fills that hole is not taking but giving to others. And giving is not only about stuff.
That's weird. Did anyone else notice all the songs that weren't about material things were rock songs, and not one rock or metal song was mentioned in the list of songs about money? That's odd. Don't you find that odd?
"Money, pussy & weed" Sounds like Shakespear
My entire life has been don't buy it unless you really need it and being rich is not about having piles of cash. So I agree totally to what Bill is saying and these things need to be said. I love Bill Maher and have watched him since the old days. I am 57 years old. The only thing that really bothers me, is that Bill is one of the haves. He owns a $200,000.00 Ferrari and is worth over $200,000,000.00. He is being a hypocrite here and it has left a bad taste in my mouth.
I've got to know! How does Bill feel being "Talked Down To" on his HBO SHOW, guest Gavin Newsom (Governor of Calf.?
Well you never see most people giving their money away.
I think it was Shakespeare that once said: Show less than you owe; speak less than you know.
Truth + Grace = Glory
He's so right about the sad music.
Request: move that loud ass laughing lady the back of the venue
Yes, music today is partially responsible....but.....parents/home life is THE problem. Parents stoped being parents, theyd rather be friends. Problem starts at home
I wonder if this was inspired by Ben's #1 rap.
Wow, he made it through an entire segment without sh*tting on Republicans.
"Rolex on a redneck". Is that a new variation on the old axiom "putting lipstick on a pig"? 💄🐷
I'm a massive old music lover and I can't stand half the new music he mentioned. BUT... i find it ironic them criticising creativity and originality in what has to be the most tired and 'we-ran-out-of-ideas' new rule segment I've ever bore witness too. I'm on his side and I'm cringing at the condescension and the cherry-picking. You know he'd be the first person defending songs like 'i'll be watching you' or 'one way or another' or 'i wanna be your lover' or 'baby its cold outside' for their now scrutinised lyrics. And defend them quite rightly. Its called free speech. But you'll defend it when it comes to comedy or older music so don't be a hypocrite just fucking let people enjoy the music they like. if you don't like it, like i don't, i've got a genius hack for you... don't fucking listen to it.
From a cultural perspective, as a whole are doing everything backwards. Simplistic things like exercise, personal interaction are vacant for most. Connection with nature, what you eat. Generations of parents, not being parents. The lie of “You are special and can do anything”. Life should be easy and if it isn’t your doing it wrong.   Like it’s about the struggle, it’s about figuring out who you are and the long endless quest for purpose.   Instead in Teen Vogue there’s an article on “Non binary” and how that doesn’t have a specific look. Who cares? But they do because we have generations devoid of purpose.   I wonder how many Americans actually know where water and electricity come from. How many are even aware of their own existence? I suppose most humans don’t think much at all, get riled up and kill one another. Human history.   Ramble ramble ramble.
“All art is propaganda”. -W.E.B. DuBois
Listen to Tool
Bill sure has a selective memory. "Diamonds are a girl's best friend"  1949 "Money For Nothing" 1985 Dire Straits "Take the Money and Run" Steve Miller 1976 "She Works Hard for the Money" Donna Summer 1983 "First I Look At The Purse" by The Contours 1962 "Mercedes Benz" Janis Joplin 1971 And lots more
Murci not mercy Bill
Yeah, this is what classic cherry-picking data looks like.........😆😆😆
I could totally go for a cheeseburger on a beach right now ❤
What the younger generations simply do not understand is that calling us a "boomer" is a COMPLIMENT! Next to the "greatest generation" baby boomers are perhaps the most successful and respected generation in history so to accuse someone of being a "boomer" is the antithesis of a pejorative. If you want to frustrate a millennial or GenZ'er, when they call you a "boomer," say thank you. It blows their mind.
Jesus man. From a Gen Xer believe me when I say 60s music won't reach kids. Should have tried my generation at least they still wear Nirvana shirts
Fugazi said it best: “You are not what you own”
Bill has hit peak boomer here.
Money spoils rap,especially black rap .Women and blacks glorify pussy and gold,transforming rap into crap.Russian and german rap are totally different.The blacks can pretend rap is their thing,but Eminem,CR7Z,Oxxxymiron are europeoids and have rhyme,talent and ideas and concepts in their music,rap was the  sharp voice of the streets against the system,now it is the elogy of the paper with dead presidents on it and of the butt,the container of excrements.
“Formula for radius of a circle”…was that a joke?!
Bill doesn't listen to modern music or watch the Grammy's and it shows.  Just Like That - 2023 best song - It is about young people dying and donating organs to save others. Leave the Door Open - 2022 best song - A romance song. I Can't Breathe - 2021 best song - A song about hardships the black community has to endure (the title is about the death of George Floyd). Bad Guy - 2020 best song - A song about women being a "bad bitch" and taking a more dominate role. This Is America - 2019 best song - A song about the current, and violent, state of America. That's What I Like - 2018 best song - A romance song. Hello - 2017 best song - A song about reconnecting with others and yourself. Thinking Out Loud - 2016 best song - A romance song. Stay with Me - 2015 best song - A song about a one night stand and the moment they leave. Royals  - 2014 best song - A F@CK1NG SONG CRITIZING THE STATE OF CONSUMERISM AND NEED FOR LUXURY ITEMS!  Bill is past his prime and is now whining about stuff he doesn't know, saying "...kids these days!". Get off the air Bill. Your time is done.
hip hop culture & radio stations -- almost 100% tunes glorifying materialism...
Baby killer maher, not even funny,
Leonard Cohen wrote in The Future: the blizzard of the world has crossed the threshold and it’s overturned the order of the soul.
The fake laughter is so hard to take. He has plants in the crowd, always has.
I heard a 'song' recently about glorifying gang rape. Daughter was saying every word
I like Bill, but not a fan of his audience.  That fake obnoxious laugh from that woman in the audience... Yikes....!
Rich get richer and poor get poorer. This is happening at an exponentially faster rate than before. Of course he is rich and won't see the point. People who are devoid of resources will always think about them and listen to people who talk about them. We can't blame rich people like Maher talking about investing all the time, can we?
Best "new rule" I've seen in a while 😂
I have been listening to hip-hop since 1991, I agree with Bill. SOME rappers are talking about things I’m tired of hearing about. It has got old, we live in a world where we don’t want to have drugs and death. But yet we consume music and movies about drugs and death. I don’t support censorship, I just wish people want to consume and produce better stuff.
I wish we could make this video mandatory viewing for all musicians and music business execs--A Clockwork Orange--style! 🤣
Bill Maher rejects every form of materialism
get over this race baiting bullshit...
That's commie talk Bill. This is America and we love money I said sarcastically.
Saw the best music of all time was the music of the 1960s and the 1970s! That was about caring for each other caring for our planets!
While I completely agree with Bill about the gross crassness of today's money obsessed pop music, he's severely over estimating how much kids even listen to music nowadays.  Kids just don't care about music anymore and put very little time into it. They spend all their time on social media, YouTube and the like.  But most of the time they can't even sing anything beyond a repeating chorus, let alone absorb the whole lyrical composition of a song.  I have kids in their early 20s.  Both they, and their friends are always so shocked how much music and lyrics I know, and that is because in their world they just don't run into people that obsess over music.  Plus, this argument doesn't give kids credit for their own mental fortitude.  I grew up in the punk movement, and can sing every lyric to songs about killing my parents, killing myself, and nihilistically nuking the world, and it will come as a shock to you to find out I never did any of the above.  Bill's argument that kids mindlessly absorb every message in media is dangerously close to "video games make kids violent", which study after after study shows is not true.
Aren't nearly all of those songs he listed in the rap or hip hop genre?
Good topic, weak writing.
Ok boomer is exactly the right answer to this commentary. You assume listeners are too dumb to reflect the tiniest bit on what they hear. With that attitude we should ban a lot of movies too. Also, unlike for boomers, the amount and variety of music and genres available now means that if you actually know how to use Spotify you can form your own niche taste much more easily. Popular music is much less popular than it used to be. This is peak “kids these days” If you actually want materialistic music to go away, make better alternatives! Compete. And maybe fund the arts better instead of shitting on anyone who doesn’t study STEM or business.
Happiness comes from within, getting by with a little, And love from those who care.
True facts, poor man turn rich idea,  I want my kids to have what I didn't, and grow up with no respect to does who have non, rich kids kill and parents buy them freedom, others grow up to be Donald trumps, mega idiots, ones in a blue moon some help those in need, one doesn't have to lose there there fortune just help.
This guy is very rich and he tells poor Americans to be happy with less. C’mon man. You are not the correct messenger for this. This is no more outrageous than if Trump was delivering the same message.
Bill claiming "OK, Boomer" isn't a defense is like saying all old people have free reign to gripe  'back in my day....' about anything, and you can't call them out for it?  OK, Boomer.
You forgot the ABBA hit from the 1970s, "Money, Money" and several others with Money in the title. The 1970s GenXers were labelled the "ME GENERATION". Materialism is the trademark the 21st Century though. Recent presidential nominees Kerry, McCain, and Romney shared the same flaw: losing count of the number of homes they owned! And Romney even had a Car Elevator and headed a Vulture Capital firm! Trump had his choice of his golf resort hotels around the world at which to live and cheat on the greens.
“The music business is a cruel and shallow money trench, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free, and good men die like dogs. There's also a negative side.”  ― Hunter S. Thompson
Sure explains why women originally thought they had a million bucks between there legs to thinking they got ten million buck between there legs, and they expect the gift of a Super Car every time they spread'em.  These days women line up to sword swallow the NBA star for merely the possibility of buying that Gucci purse.
Bill is now OFFICIALLY the " Get off my lawn " geezer. The adults when he was a kid thought his beloved Beatles were a sign of a declining society. So spare us your delirium Granda ..age wise not literally.
I was raised on Metal so I was angry but gave zero @$##.
Uncle Crusty needs to calm the fuck down. He's factually incorrect and acting like everyone's cranky ol' uncle about "kids these days".
Damn, he's good!
This guy actually said Trump did way better than Biden. Apparently, the left has straighten him out! He now acts like the FAR=LEFT person he is again! I am canceling my HBO too!
The best message from Bill EVER! I volunteer to work on Bill's presidential campaign staff for FREE! 👍😎💪
Yes!
Sorry Bill, but what got burned into my brain as a kid was Howard Roberts & Jimi Hendrix's guitar riffs. (Hence playing the guitar for over 50 years). At a very young age I was so over poetry & Lyrics (actually never got started on em') - realizing that it was all the same old shit ,being said for the 50th time. I couldn't have cared less about what Dylan or Springsteen had to say ... Still don't
Watched this on You Tube as my wife and I were taking a break from clearing out some our excess possessions so our children don’t have to mess with so much when we’re gone.
Some people say that Bill did a complete 180 on his values, but unfortunately it's the world that did a complete 180, Bill never changed.
Multimillionaire tells crowd how bad it is to desire money... Hmmmm
By music materialism, I thought you meant buying and collecting guitars and basses.  Hahahahaha.
Give your money away if you think it's not important. Money is the most important thing to anyone with a brain.
Wow, that was fucking amazing
“I’m old? This shit is old”🎉
Bill I gave up HBO after 25 years and you are the only thing I miss about it. Thankfully I watch here.
Think those sound bytes were bad? I challenge anyone here to make it through 5 minutes of hip hop nation on sxm 😂 channel 44. If nothing else you’ll die laughing
I disagree with him about a whole lot. But this is 100% on point. This is a whole country of people trying to keep up with the Jones’s.
Could that be a "professfional laugher" in the soundtrack? Sounds. awful.
Don't forget Money by Pink Floyd.
Later stage capitalism.
"If you see something you want and don’t have you already know how to live without it"     - Beauty Pill
*_Money. It's a gas_* *_Grab that cash with both hands and make a stash. New car, caviar, four star, daydream_* *_Think I'll buy me a football team_*  - Pink Floyd
so sick of the canned laughter
💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯
Reminds me of the most powerful poetry I've ever heard when the guy said, "Gucci gang, Gucci gang, Gucci gang." Truly profound lyrics
I dont think music is the issue. Parents are the issue.
“Ok Boomer” IS an answer. Bill is just one of those boomers who hates hearing it!
Most pop music has been pretty bottom of the barrel the past 15-25 years... this is just one of the problems for sure.
Granpa is really going at it today.
Unfortunately its too damn true
Saying you cant blame rappers for writing materialist lyrics because they grew up in poverty is nonsense.  Jamaica is and has been one of the poorest countries and from the 50s to the 90s they had great lyrics and mostly anti materialist lyrics.  Bob and Jimmy blew up in the 70s and they did not all of a sudden start singing about materialism.....Jimmys lyrics are still on point.  The last two decades though, lots of materialist garbage coming out of jamaica so something else is driving it.  Perhaps it is intentional on the part of those in power to sign artists who are not that talented and sing about garbage because they would rather sell materialism to the youth than revolution.
Some cultures are better than others
Bill Maher is becoming unbearable.  He was in his prime in the 80s the most materialistic, shallow decade ever.  It wasn’t just the culture, the greedy materialistic politics of the times had made unrepairable damage to a lot of countries.
The last conservative comedian.
This is such an old man take. Don’t get me wrong music sucks today but it’s never the music.  There were generations of parents who pulled the TV plug out of the wall when Elvis was dancing or thought the Beatles were pot smoking hippies.   This is a ridiculous argument.
I just recently decided to dive back into Vinyl after having ditched it for modern media . Playing Olivia takes me back to 1970’s at Roller King being a kid just out on a Saturday night roller skating to ‘have you ever been mellow’ ONJ pure emotional poetry ❤️
Looks like Bill doesn't know about Tom & Ben's Facts song.
Money talks, b*** s*** walks as a wiseman once said
Glad i was raised with Metallica
I'm sorry, it's because I'm into younger men.  Ron is 17 years younger than me.  I'm the oldest child, I have a brother and sister who are both younger than me.  I just really lost it that you and Judd and others were so focused on Barbara Streisand that we have a heroin crisis going on again and AIDS again while I'm sitting here a hostage.  Love, Don xoxo
I'd rather see kids addicted to Money instead of drugs or their cell phone. Of course the money should be obtained  legally and through hard work.
Money by Pink Floyd
This has a ‘video games make kids violent’ smell to it.. While I can agree bombarding kids, whom’s brains aren’t fully developed and are incredibly susceptible, to “more more more, brand name brand name”, isn’t ideal and certainly doesn’t help, it is not the root cause. Parent your kids to not covet material things, don’t continue the trend of your kids deserving more and better than you had, teach them it’s okay to not have the newest thing, the more emphasis you put on stuff the more your kids will grow to want and need stuff.
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=RDb6qgTh24HpE&playnext=1&si=gjOT3XYuOkp--587
I agree with the concept of the piece but I think it is hilarious that Bill used John lenon as an example. He was just a hyper capitalist who figured out he could make a shitload of money preaching to idiots about how evil capitalism is. Then he would charter a private jet to one of his European castles to visit his heard of million dollar cows. After that he would drink a 20,000$ bottle of champagne then retire to his thrown room to write songs about how bad money is lol
Bill's generation could put kids through college and buy a house on a GED salary. Can't imagine why the idea of being financially secure resonates with pop culture. Easy to say it's not important when you never had to worry about it. This is the dumbest take and the least important monologue I've seen from this dude in a while.
Holy shit he has turned into a 80 year old boomer
Fantastic observation
Also, I don't think you can compare the Beatles to Kanye. At one point women couldn't wear skirts below the knee. dana t.
Love that lady's laughter in the audience!
Not every musician does this.......might I suggest Nine Inch Nails?
Spoken like an Upper Middle Class white kid who made millions by his 30s.  It's a different reality for 75% of America, Maher.
This is so out of touch with reality. And the echo chamber that this comment section is, is truly disappointing but expected.
Bill, you left a subject of some songs out.... All the girl rappers are talking about their Puss.... smh... Those go hand and hand. dana t.
It's not the kids fault - it's the greedy industry not paying A & R to find real artists and great music
Thank God I was born in the 70’s! We had the best bands, the best music, the best artists. People also had a way better sense of honor, honesty, decency and most of us were kind and respectful to other people. We also respected or parents. They were the ones who dictated the rules in our home. Today, is the other way around. I pity the kids nowadays. They have no idea of what is good or important.
I've rarely heard anything even remotely original since the 90s...It's all angry nursery rhymes, ropey karaoke and mopey bed wetters now.  Sad.
99 - Well! - You can say anything You want about donald trump; but you also have to understand that "He" is in control of The American society! Even after he is gone You will have to contend with 100s of millions of "stupid" assholes and America has no way of dealing with that. Biden does not even understand how to deal with it! "donald trump is a disease" and America does not have a cure! Joe Biden? "C'mon man, give me a break"! --- "Congress"? - "SCOTUS"? - Spit those dirty words out of your mouth!
Love you Bill, but this is an ultimate “old man yelling at cloud” moment for you 😂
I'm SO glad I grew up in an era before technology took over. I played so much, and interacted with others. FACE TO FACE. I'm a total minimalist. I have what I need and I'm happy. I've decided if I don't need it I won't buy it. Thats is why everything I own is payed of. My house, my car, my motorcycle. My advice, to the younger generation. Limit your time to your social networking. Only one hour a day. Find hobbies. Exercise, travel. Get to know people. Go for a cup of coffee. Stay out of materialism, It will get you in trouble. The more you have the more complications. Help others, and listen to Bill. he is smart.
You don’t hear this kind of material worship in metal 🤘🏾
Singers don't want to sound like the 440 hz,  universal ai robot ❤️  #notautotuned #notpitchcorrected
For reference, each of the three major labels possesses or possessed stock in Spotify. Universal Music Group relayed that it owned 6.49 million Spotify shares as of June 30th, 2022. So who do you think Spotify listens to, you or Mr 6 million shares?
If I was a song writer , I would write about the struggles of youth conflict , trying to be a man when nobody wants you to be anything but strong , pushy and muscular .
Bill Mahr support the music revolution, not the Big Three Labels  where this type of lyric comes from.  Ed Sheeran's "Divide" tour has made $736.7 million Adele will make $675,000 per Las Vegas Show K Perry's recent single, Dark Horse, album. and concert video made Universal $41 million.  They spent 11.7 million to make and promote the single. Beyonce wraps her 56-date Renaissance Tour with an estimated $579 million revenue haul. Justin Bieber will only release a new album if he gets 20 million Instagram likes. So is every musician in the world combined less talented than so few who make all the money! Support music for all not this!
To hear a boomer complain about the capitalization of the American experience is absolutely hilarious. The generation that was strong in the '80s is what created everything we have now in our society in America. My parents didn't raise me to be happy, they raised me to be successful; And now he's whining about it on TV for money!!! Irony is so lost on this man.
You made me laugh, cry and agree with you!  Quite a feat Bill.  Well done.
I've always said that Fame and Fortune will always define "Living The American Dream" more than saving lives or doing unto others EVER will.
it’s all entertainment. entertainment is not real life; it’s supposed to solely entertain. & sad bops is nothing but limewire mp3’s (burned to a 💿) to make a “i broke up with my bf” mixtape. geez❣️
Kids don't rule anything in music,  the Big Three Labels do. Warner Sony Universal.  So WHY were there so many great hits THEN but no one can get one NOW?  Aren't the new musicians just no good?  NO HERE IS THE REASON !!!!! Then there were hundreds of music labels competing for best song - and they were competing against separately owned media, and radio stations. NOW the Big 3 Labels (google it) control not only the entire music industry but through their parent companies and their clout, all radio and media.  No wonder the reviews are so great but the music is so bad! Join the peaceful music revolution against these 3 labels.
I love how the generation that invented materialism now writes monologues about how we shouldn’t put it in our songs.
Realizing that owning a bunch of stuff doesn’t make you happy tends to be something you learn as you get into your 50’s and older.  Take it from me, a 70 year old white guy: the best use of money I have found is that I had enough of it to retire from my stressful and unsatisfying corporate finance job when I was 58. Being financially independent is wonderful and is better than any material possession you can own.
This is a great topic to bring into the light... music as expected has changed over the generations BUT for this current music industry it has changed for the worst.
IMO, I can’t listen to rap ..it sounds like verbal diarrhea accompanied by loud obnoxious thumps and screeches . When I started listening to music , the rhythms and lyrics were magical , imaginary and creative and often uplifting . Todays music attempts to imitate the success of the music in the 70’s and 80’s without the literary creativity and incredible guitar talents of Eddie Van Halen
❤
Here is a summary of the Peaceful Music Revolution;  3 old men control 80% of music. (No women, no minorities.)  That's bad for everyone.  The music revolution against it, that's great.  This music revolution is opening the doors to thousands of musicians, and lots of new music in every style. Share this news with your favorite media source!  3 CEOs (Warner, Universal, Sony - all men no women in one of the worst glass ceilings anywhere) control 80% of the music industry, only support the same aging teen pop stars - where 1% of musicians make 70% of the money and all the rest make about minimum wage (15K). (Without these pop stars, there would be no mainstream music industry:  Swift, Beyoncé, Drake, Bieber, Kanye, Perry, GaGa, Sheeran, Grande.)  The major 3 make the art, distribute it, promote it on the media outlets they own or their parent companies own, and then give themselves great reviews. No musician has a chance, no matter how good you are!!!  For best music quality, there should be thousands of competing companies, not three; and about half should be run by women. The quality and variety of mainstream music is at an all time low and hasn’t changed much in 10 years. Radio is just ads and nobody is listening, concert tickets are a rip off and hassle, vinyl prices are ridiculous, the music media is just press releases of what they want to promote, awards shows seem fake, best selling music charts can't be trusted, online streaming sales never get to the musician, music never changes - always the same few promoted over and over- and there is never news of the alternative to all this. Music sales have barely caught up to those of 1999! Most money goes to a few over promoted aging pop stars. (70% goes to 1% of musicians.)  90% of streaming money, the main source of revenue, goes to 1%. For a musician to make minimum wage on Spotify he  has to have 235,773 streams per month!   Where is the music media?  What story could be bigger?  Corporate media, you can't pretend this is not happening anymore.  Reader, who do you support, 3 businessmen, or all musicians? Show some courage and demand better for yourself and all musicians. This is not a time to hide your head in the sand!  The Music Revolution should bring these developments to every musician! 1. Fair chance to be played on all radio stations due to the quality of the music. 2. Fair guaranteed reviews for all recordings. 3. Pennies for Play, each time someone clicks on your recording on any website. 4. Fair, unbiased, ad free, music media.  There is a music revolution going on and you can decide which side you want - the side with 3 CEOs that control 80% of the music business and the music media, or all the rest of us.  Do something! Do anything! Just about everything you do will help all musicians.  Help by these very small things.   1. Pass the word that 3 CEO's control music - all men with no women allowed in key positions - and have done great harm to music, radio, concerts, music media, and music online, as well as ruining the careers of thousands of musicians. Just talking about it helps all musicians everywhere. 2. Support the Dallas musicians or anyone else that is actively against all this.  3. Lift a finger, literally, and LIKE your favorite songs and videos.  Show you care, lift a finger. 4. Talk to your favorite music news site and ask why they won't talk about the music revolution. 5. Support Pennies for Play, a way for any musician to stream music for pennies on his website without record companies or any corporations.  The music business is auto tuned! Musea, since 1992.
For reference, each of the three major labels possesses or possessed stock in Spotify. Universal Music Group relayed that it owned 6.49 million Spotify shares as of June 30th, 2022. So who do you think Spotify listens to, you or Mr 6 million shares?
Yeah but you all still had money that was the f****** joke only Bill and basically become the Boomer we all hated
Christofer Hitchens said a person without a belief in God is a materialist.   Sounds like the cure for this Religious Idealism !
Love your takes, Bill, but that obnoxious lip smack you do is ruining it for everyone.
I’m gonna start watching Bill Maher again. This is spot on with today’s music .
Here we go again another new rules where boomer bill maher thinks the world is going to shit and the new generation is crazy.
“I wanna be a Billionaire so fucking bad”  Does that represent the values of the younger generation these days?
Bill, I'm not sure you're right. Mainstream news is just a reflection of trends and fads. Considering the quantity of artists across the globe now blurs this comparison. There are plenty of creators that do exactly this; why haven't you mentioned Tyler, The Creator? What about Kendrick Lamar (in recent years)? Ye even has songs that are purely religious! What about Tory Lanez? (Hurts Me as an example).
And Maher of course brings race into it. Not surprised
Finally ! Maher makes a message I can relate to again. The type of garbage being distributed as ‘music’ needs to stop. There should be a category for ‘greed pop’ .. selfish , self absorbed , divisive , misogynistic.. we need to stop supporting the very things that destroy community , unity , universal commonality and  love
Says Bill Maher… net worth 100 million dollars.. 5 million dollar house. He is right but he is what he complains at the same time
That and the only 2 types of songs women sing anymore...  1st- 'men ain't shit, men is weak, all men objectify'  2nd- 'you want my wap, better look at my wap, I got the best wap'  Women heard this and are now some of the most backwards thinking idiots in creation
I guarantee there is money changing hands for those particular brands to be included in lyrics.
hey Bill shut up... u now put your ads on top of ads
This one just doesn’t make that much sense.   A number of the songs brought up in this are a good 15+ years old.  And “Sad Bop” isn’t a genre, it’s a playlist. Hell, Green Day could fit that because a lot of their songs were depressing lyrics in a major key. And Bill likes that band.
Put these children on to Bob Marley, Ecclesiastes the real Jesus
Consumerist rap is sold to white American youth.  The vapid lyrics are literally in the contract.  A career in music these days is mostly a willingness to sell this stuff to kids.
Thank you black culture...
Truth--was thinking about this about two weeks ago.  So much of modern music is about materialism.  This is one of the reasons why the younger generation doesn't understand how hard it takes to get good things in life.  Most music used to be about love and drugs and sex and having fun.  Now it's about what you have and what someone else does not.  I chocked it up when I first thought about this to being old and not getting "it".  And I'm not so blind as to think it still may be just that.  But I'm glad I'm not the only one thinking this.
I wonder what kind of crap Bill buys? Plenty, I'm sure.
But who's gonna prop up the stock market? We need consumerism.
I don't disagree, but you know Bill. Yea, ya did create it. And every time you show up on the screen you create it. Smoking in the basement of your long time paid for house, with a full liquor bar speaking to almost exclusively millionaires, politicians and the occasional billionaire .. but but .. see your screwed up it's the MUSIC.. lol. Jokes on you, and how convenient you don't worry about the overt forn industry that does the identical thing. blame men though right, because you still need your 304s to show up needy? Give me a break. You might as well tatoo guilty on your forehead, dummy. But thanks for your public service announcement. And frankly, Bill, you don't even want to know what the solve is, you'd self delete before you'd ever consider going back 100 years in tech to actually solve the problem. But you know, keep preaching your hilarious diatribes about others worshipping wealth when you yourself can't even get rid of you private jet. And making this a color thing? Really? that's where your super sleuthing went? dude .. particularly when you just gave a sermon on who actually enslaves and how that played out over history. Why bother? You're a contradiction.  What a joke.
ok boomer
So when the long denied suddenly becomes available there's bound to be some flaunting, black history😳
There has to be some irony in condemning new generation music, while praising the generation who raised them.
I can't listen to rap or hip hop because I love music .
Wow.. am lucky to live in the best time 80's and 90's. It's so true music artists today are trash. Pet Shop Boys released a new album and it's geh as shit!!
Old bill nailed this one. There’s also that whole “if you have to tell people your important…your not” thing going on. Still more tolerable than the EMO “life’s so hard, nobody understands me,think I’ll go cut myself” formula.
Except pop music has always had that kind of crap lol
You forgot money,by pink floyd😅
It’s all product placement! Blame the companies not the artists who just want to see the money!
One of the first songs on that list is "Money, Cash, Hoes" and that song is 26 years old for Christ's sake what is Bill Maher even saying here?
Pink Floyd's Money? Try harder, Bill.
Great points Bill!
Love of Stuff is good for the economy and the economy is killing the planet.... you know....the only thing that you really need.
More moralizing by a hypocritical boomer pothead, retirement is way overdue, Bill.
Not Tina it was CCR
This whole episode falls really flat.
Amen, Bill ! 💯🙏
The music industry hasn't gotten a dime from me in 30 years
Was bill ever so bad or got i older? The only funny thing is that a guy rich as he is talks about that other should not buy as much? Crazy world.
Please, somebody, put a gag on the "Huh, Huh, Huh, Huh, Huh, Huh, ..!" laughing woman. And, of course, the "Whooo!" @$$h0le$. ...Please!
And while you're at it... GET OFF OF MY LAWN!
WE LEARNED IT BY WATCHING YOU, DAD,!  Boomers like to brag about possessions, wealth, cars, Rolexs! Ted Nugent, got you in a stranglehold, baby...that night I crushed your face!
The kids you are talking about are a direct reflection of the Woodstock generation and their politics.
You need to start listening to Taylor swift!   The only time she sings about money is when she’s making fun of how the media claims she is 😘
He's not wrong but Bill Maher does the same shit on his shows  with fancy drinks, clothes , and cigars. So, yeah.
One of Bills best wrap-ups! Glad to see this: hope the music industry catch’s on. I quit listening to new rock in the 90s when it turned to the sad depressing grunge songs. Rock from the 80s was about being happy, partying, singing along… let’s bring that theme back and maybe it will help kids cheer up!
The worst part of all of this is that (and a point Maher missed here) that trash music is not only what the kids listen in Spotify, their parents are listening to that trash too. My first memories of music aren't about the tunes I started to listen in my teens, but the music my parents played in the house when they were off work or in the weekends. Kids have no where to be influenced by good music no more. The radio, the TV, commercials, everything now uses the same topic, if you don't possess the latest article, you're a nobody. Music I heard in my teenage years made me go to a dictionary to even understand what those lyrics meant, music now send kids to luxury magazines. It's sad, but I guess, we had a good run. 😢
Great rant
.....Is that fake bucket of "trying to get elected female" they keep cutting to... Barry Weiss?  The one proven to always be full of crap?
naaah Bill the next batch of songs are going to be about bragging that you have the keys to a nice one bedroom and you can afford to go to whole foods once a month. No less affordable from our perspective lol.
Finally he did a new rule that did not mention woke; that word got old too
Thank you very much. Music industry and hip hop are the true groomers we should be worried about. People actually let their kids listen to. We need to shame, shun and exclude people who listen to that toxic crap 💩
This only makes me like alternative and the like more.
It’s called country music.
Metal is all.
Bill, please stop making that smacking noise when you open your mouth.
Kamye and Cardi B are terrible. Pop Music has been shit for a long time.
This would be good if the commentator was not a multi, multimillionaire himself!  I agree with the message..it should just come from a different messenger!
This sounds good as i watch this from the bar, but now I'm going to need a tv to watch this at home. 😢Damn, now I'm going to need a home too😮.
I agree, Bill... however, the lyrics to John Lennon's "Imagine" have been 100% lost on a vast majority of Boomers pretty much since it was released: "Imagine no possessions... I wonder if you can. No need for greed or hunger... Imagine all the people, sharing all the world." To this day, most of the money in this country is still being hoarded among the college-educated Boomers. Who do you think has been running government and businesses since the 80s? FYI: I'm Gen-X. My parents served our country and don't have any higher education. I'm proud. But this argument coming from a multi-millionaire Boomer like Bill is highly hypocritical.
You are breaking my capitalist heart.
But I can finance a pizza from dominoes in four easy payments with afterpay
I've found refuge in metal music. To me, it is inherently a true expression of emotion from the chaotic beats, riffs, and vocals that they still manage to harmonize.  But nobody gives a shit about all that. This show did put words to why I don't like pop music that I hadn't had before
Of course Bill forgot Pet Shop Boys’ Opportunities (Let’s Make Lots of Money).🤦🏻‍♂️
I believe Madonna was mocking Marilyn Monroe with her song Material Girl. Google "Diamonds are a girls best friend." I think that song is about buying shit.
So the people who are complaining about going to work every day, having to earn money to afford the stuff in life, are lured into materialism by people who work their asses off in the music industry to earn money to afford the stuff in life....while at the same time decrying capitalism, and work ethic, and meritocracy....
My god, Bill sounds like my grandparents when I was a teen in the 1970s. 😂
Bill Maher is becoming the old man who says get off my lawn. 😂
Yes I agree it’s all changed and music back then was MUSIC! Now it’s all AI generated ghost written populism. But there is a reason we like hearing it. It’s because we have designed a system that is now out of control. All we need is money for everything and it gets more expensive every day. We are so beaten down by life just to survive comfortably and this system that instead of beating it we want to join it and have more of it because it’s the only way to make this system work for us. So we dream and listen to this “inspiring” music of living like rock stars because most of us will never get too.
The irony is that hip-hop was born by kids buying up old drum machines that had been sold to pawn shops by musicians who had used them as accompaniment so they were cheap. The DIY quality of the sound is what led to its popularity. I played in big hair bands in the 80s/90s and we sang about partying too much and having too much sex. It never crossed my mind to write a song about buying shit.
says the richman......
We’d never get Grandmaster Flash’s The Message today except in a sample. Rappers get paid and made in the shade, until they get robbed by broke dudes in their neighborhood.
Yeah I cannot stand songs that obsess with money.
I think you can approximate the in studio crowd’s average age by listening to laughter. The lower pitch and slower frequency is that of advanced age ;)
parents endulge their kids' materialism - I go in for a small coffee and see tons of teens after school buying $15 handcrafted "drinks" at a pop.  I once saw an artists' depiction of what workers in a diamond mine endure, and am happy to never ever have diamonds
Maher has become Carlin.
my bank acount is zero zero zero (oh no!) I think i need a hero....   ...   😢 if u know u know.
I like your style, make me laugh lots, but the root cause is missed. Why does the music have this theme?   Art and culture study would be my first research area.  My initial guess is the theme is a simple side effect of current culture as opposed to it is being done to simply entertain.   More importantly, who owns the keys to throttle music?  And do they promote more when they see it promotable?   This was a good topic to bring to the surface.  But it is not surprising when looking at social media's hold on 8 year olds throughout their teen experiences.  Look through social media to see all the fake wannabe teens posts as if they made it to the big time, example holding brand name purse as symbol they are touching high society.  Narcissists playground, social media.    In sum, you have merely hit the symptom, not the root cause.
I should have seen the merci lyrics coming but that shit was still funny. I hated that damn song. The mentioning if all those luxury brands in music has really gotten to me especially when you always hear some bs about how those brands still seem to hate on black people, STOP BUYIN THEIR SHIT THEN!
It’s not just the lyrics, it’s the composition of the music. It’s dumb-downed and lazy. And it became popular right when we removed music education from schools. Any coincidence?
I love you Bill, but could without the "planted" laughers in the audience.   Really?
Thank you for showing the original artist of "Money", Barrett Strong....the Beatles version is a cover.
Bill Maher is a muli- millionaire boomer complaining about the young generation........
Bill turned far right wing and sucks now. Over his ass.
Pink Floyd Money, 10cc Wall Street Shuffle O Jay Money 💰   The lyrics message meant some different to everyone..but it didn't glorify it!
boomer own companies. Boomers still have full control till they die
This was a weak new rules. Pop music is a marketing vehicle to push senseless materialism especially because the main demographic are girls, teens, and women. It's always been this way in the modern era with social media being a catalyst to constantly one up your peers. Get off your phones and social media and turn the radio off. Simple. I do all of that, but I do suck at putting the phone down. No radio since 2004 when Lil Jon ruined hip hop on the radio for me, and no social media since 2019 because it's easy to see just how impressionable people are with an algorithm's indoctrination of thoughts in a echochamber.
Okay, put your money where your mouth is and go be poor. After all, you said it yourself: it was easy to be anti-material when you were never denied material things. You fall into that category.
Having twins with complications set the the record.  That family’s healthcare bill was 2.3 million dollars.  Like, people need to because millionaires for their HEALTH. Let’s not even talk retirement. NBC and CNN say you need at least a million to retire..  That’s the system.  What is he talking about?!
I love this message (even if Old Man Bill is on another rant about this generation). But wasn’t Old Man Bill just talking about going to a strip club? Just asking? And on another episode talking about flying private? Just asking?
These darn kids and their new fangled music.  lol   What a joke bill Maher has become.
Lol do you ever find it hard not to roll when you read this shit or even don't want to say it
It’s almost like everyone’s poor Bill.   It’s almost like America tells you, “no socialism, get money if you want healthcare or want to retire..”  Does Bill live in England or something?
Yeah, those old music makers were always so full of cheer. Not like the 'sad' singers these days.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8AHCfZTRGiI
During the grunge era, a genre I appreciate along with classic rock, I told my mother if she wants to know how society is feeling just listen to their music.
That lady in background is annoying.
The Metal scene had always been against the status quo. It's one of the reasons that I gravited towards it. With lyrics that tackle existensial questions, society at large and sci-fi and fantasy along with heavy riffs, huge drums, distorted bass and melodic choruses, what isn't there to love about Metal?
You missed your calling Bill
why do they keep refering to rap as music?
I haven't listened to music since the turn of the century. I love music and I tried to listen to music of today it is a tragedy
Get rid of the paid  "Laughers"
My generation (millennial) has turned out to be just a bunch of useless hypocrites, 15 years ago they were saying that the millennial generation was going to change the world for the better and bla bla bla, now it’s prostitution through onlyfans for the women and that stupid hustle mentality for the men, music has become so bad but young people keep consuming it… it’s pathetic
If having showy material possessions is what life is about, you must be American....
I'm about to go teach a bunch of guitar and bass lessons. I think watching this is going to be homework for a couple of my students.
Too late. When you erradicate God from society, all you have left is materialism. And it is people like Bill Maher who have being 30 years promoting that idea.
“Old Man Yells at Cloud”
It's ironic that people want to give their hard earned money away for a name on an item that is sold by people who just want to take all their money. Further perpetrating them not having any money.
Mute the fucking audienceeeee!
old man yells at clouds
You missed "We're in the Money" and Peter Mayer's "Easy Street".
Thank you IRON MAIDEN  and TEARS FOR FEARS for being the greatest soundtrack of my life
I remember when Madonna’s _Material Girl_ came out. It was so horrifyingly paradoxical to the conceptual thinking of Aldous Huxley, Terrence McKenna, Hunter Thompson, Jean-Michel Basquiat, Pink Floyd, Bob Dylan, Joni Mitchell, and Bill Hicks (to name a few), that it was staggering.
Remember those cheap blue suede shoes? Remember those really inexpensive pink Cadillacs? My Maserati does 185 but in an economical fashion. And hip-hop as a genre just started flexing recently... old fuckin pendejo
He sounds older and more out of touch the older he gets . Is he really saying “music today is corrupting our children”?
Do you hear how no one is laughing at your content? Just angrily clapping in agreement. Your shit is old Bill.
Couldn’t agree more, but all I hear is that lady trying to out-laugh the entire audience.
Bill Maher is just a surely old man now. He let his jew show over the past four months, now he sounds like MAGA. He longs for the good ole days where noone could openly call him a dirty old jew.
Bill is starting to sound more and more like an old guy yelling at people to get off their grass. OK boomer
the line from Proud Mary is from CCR not Tina Turner - she only covered it
I tend not to agree a lot with Maher but here I agree 100%.
Proud Mary was a Creedence Clearwater Revival song. It was an enormous worldwide hit for them. The irony in this is that the people who sang about money not mattering were very wealthy, as is Bill Maher.
“You spent your whole advance on two chains and a Gucci verse?”  Mac miller
All you need is a miracle,  All you neeeed is me
Breaking news “old man claims new music is crap” How many songs are about drugs, which bill Promotes none stop
Ah yes, the kids used to listen to Sinead O'Connor
This, coming from a guy with a $20 million annual salary, who has a net worth of $180 million. That's why he's so funny.
I like bill I really do but god he’s so lost the plot on modern social problems. Kids aren’t sad because their favorite artist is talking about money, they’re sad because they can’t afford to live comfortably. 18-25 year olds are struggling and there’s no light at the end of the tunnel
lol this is a capitalistic country unfortunately money is what makes you useful in America
"Money changes everything"...C. Lauper
Calling out rap doesn’t make you a journalist 😂😂
For those who say Maher is just a whiny old man, guess you missed this part: 6:00.
The difference is that, back in the day, some parents did actual parenting and kids didn't need to take life lessons from the media.
This was inevitable in a country where a month's rent costs more than the down payment on a car
Come on Bill, I’m sure you know the economic reason we are making this happen.  Yes, I do believe we are “ making this happen”.  It’s too convenient.   Our economy booms by ramping up production, producing more product, so people can live better lives.   Well, production has outpaced consumption.  We manufacture 10 toasters, only 3 are sold, because by now, everybody, everywhere has a toaster.  Not just the scant few high rollers.  Everyone has a car.  Everyone has a television.   I’m not a prick, almost everyone, of course there are those with barely enough to stay alive.   But basically we are living, needing to maintain growth, thereby selling more stuff, of things that by now, nobody really needs.  My guess is, go look at %revenue spent on marketing.  I bet that’ll show something.
Materialism. Buying things that you don't need with money that you don't have to impress people that you don't like anyway.
You forgot Money Maker by Ludacris ft Pharrell.
No wonder why so many people depressed ,having huge debt because buying stuff they can't afford, it's just stupid and don't bring happiness
Welp,,, turns out,,, church lady was right after all 😞🥀,,
You Forgot The Song Money, Money, Money, Money Bill Maher Of Real Time With Bill Maher?
Art for Art's Sake, Money for God's Sake... by 10CC...says it all
It is true, but this trend started in the 1980's.  "Lifestyles of the Rich & Famous" and the "dual income, no kids" group that chased after money and made everyone else chase after them as what is 'normal'.
oh grandpa
This might be the single dumbest take in his entire history
I blame  2000s southern rap
Yeah ..I guess it's wrong that I'm happy to pay the rent on my shitty trailer and keep my bills paid and buy a pizza once in a while....and smoke my weed 😂 and drive my old beater ....it's good enough for me and bobby magee though
I swear this was not the dumbest take Bills ever had, but pretty damn close.
Growing up the one thing Country music and the black blues had in common was talking about living in poverty.  Especially in the South, picking cotton. One man from South Central L.A. told me, "Rap used to be about life on the streets, the life I was living.  Now it is, see my car, see my expensive jewelry, and big house."
It’s racist to assume only black people listen to materialistic music. It’s everywhere. And it’s because the only people that blow up are rich kids on tiktok with nice clothes and cars to show off
Recently listened to "We are the World" by 47 musicians interested in giving back.  There was a time when to say a musician had "sold out" was the greatest insult. Now it's just business as usual.
Hey big spender. Signed Minnie the Moocher
There’s one laugher in the audience that’s so ridiculous. Also, who remembers the panic about music lyrics in the 80s? And Bills fucking taste sucks.
Bill, I have been following you for years now and always get a kick out of your jokes. But couldn’t help but notice the resemblance between this piece and my grandmom’s rants about how vain young generations are.
Old man complains about "music these days."  Gimme a fuckin break.
How many popular songs right now are about love?  Actual love?
Greed is the birthchild of Scarcity.  We owe the current state of vast financial inequity to this trend.
Oh cmon now. 50 years ago you'd have been saying Puff the Magic Dragon and Purple Haze is ruining teenage minds 😂 if there ever was a boomer moment... this is u  makes me wonder what the demon will be 50 years in the future 🤔
I can not make a mental/fantasy composition of Katy Perry ancestors suffering in southern plantation.
What do you expect when we've all grown up in a capitalistic world. Wealthy people get all the breaks and the best of everything. They also control our govt. So REALLY????
f#@%ing pathetic.
Is it about? "What someone can buy?" Or. "What someone has earned?"  Should people not need proof that their dreams can come true. Pretty sure Marilyn Monroe was the 1st Material Girl. Even more sure that she wasn't the original Golddigger. This vid is a little off topic. Or just not right. Obvious that Bill and the writers have been under a rock for a while.                                                                                                                                                        "Oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz? My friends all drive Porsches, I must make amends Worked hard all my lifetime, no help from my friends So Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz?  Oh Lord, won't you buy me a color TV? Dialing for dollars is trying to find me I wait for delivery each day until three So oh Lord, won't you buy me a color TV?  Oh Lord, won't you buy me a night on the town? I'm counting on you, Lord, please don't let me down Prove that you love me and buy the next round Oh Lord, won't you buy me a night on the town? Everybody!  Oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz? My friends all drive Porsches, I must make amends Worked hard all my lifetime, no help from my friends So oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz? That's it!
"Old white guy hates kids' music." A story as old as time.
He has a Grammy nominated rapper sporting a Prada jacket as a guest and he pulls this diatribe. Mr. Private jet ranting against materialism? What an ahole
Country of whores. Experiences, not things. Meanwhile, the planet is on fire.
this whole generation is dumbifying into stupid black culture
6:00 Fundemntal misunderstanding:  What he showcased there were not brags.  Those were paid advertisements.  Which is honestly worse, though the two aren't always exclusive.
When I graduated from College (B.S. in computer science) and went semi-reluctantly into workaholic employment with Microsoft, holy crap I was flooded with pre-approved credit cards from greedy-ass banks so as to get in debt and build my credit rating, and generally "play the game" of American-style consumer gluttony. A couple years later I chopped up my credit cards and essentially said "F-You to all that. Since then I simply do not buy anything I don't need and more importantly don't buy anything for which I don't have money here and now. Social media, popular culture, and yes the pop music scene often says you're only as good as what you own or can buy and how that makes people jealous. Well, again, F-That.  I left the US in the 90s and now live on a farm in Northern Thailand where materialism is thankfully limited to having reliable water and electricity, and flowering plants and decent food with a solid roof over your head in rainy season. That'll do me fine, thanks.
You forgot about Megan Trainor's latest advertisement turned song - "I could have my Gucci on . . ."
Bill would have been a good dad
- we live in a celebrity driven world - we don’t pay the people who really matter in our society rather we make people like Bill and sports players and actors millionaires - if we actually did pay the people who matter imagine what our kids would be looking to-btw it’s somewhat hypocritical when you headline your show with Killer Mike
Clearly a lack of real values and self esteem. Validation by volume.
bill is hack job journalist
“Get a second idea for a song”  To be fair the second idea is being so rich that you get your d^*K sucked
They should screen ppls laughs before they get in the studio.... that one lady...
theres NO money in music, thats why they have to flaunt about it...tell me what you brag about, Ill tell you what you lack
The problems Bill is describing regarding music, all began in the mid to late 90s, when hip hop, and hip hop flavored pop, became pervasive across the culture. It's even polluted country music. The hip hop ghetto values, music, culture, language, and identity has become a cancer on society. It has made criminal activity and going to prison, something that young people, want to be a part of.
Not a CCR fan Bill?
Bill spot on thanks for your thoughts
Pretty sure this is almost exclusively for rap. Which has always been like this since it got popular.  If you want to blame something, blame Tiktok's "grab the bag queeeeeen" mentality.  That's way more damaging.
The second idea for a song is whatever else the focus groups say the dumb ass masses want….. cause……money.   There is plenty of music with integrity out there and it’s easy to get. That’s not what most people are consuming though.  It’s out there and the masses consume garbage, thus the industry will supply garbage.   Sorry, this is some seriously“old guy” bullshit Bill.
Yeah, let’s harp on the kids these days and their music. That’ll work about as well as punching the ocean.  And the pop music and culture of the 80s were all about materialism, which, except for some hip-hop, went the other way in the 90s.  And lest we forget these kids brought back Kate Bush to cultural relevancy.    These kids are making some of the best music I’ve heard- go look up laufey on YouTube and watch gen z embrace the best jazz singer to come along in a generation. Just don’t tell them that’s what’s happening- not that they would listen if you tried.
Thank you very much, Bill!
👍👍
That women in the crowd fake laughing is almost as annoying as Bill condescending smacking
They’re entitled because parents don’t parent or participate in their lives. They just sit them in front of devices and call it good👎🏾
Fuck those old hippies! There was so much garbage music back then that didn’t stick around. Quoting garbage hip hop/pop quotes doesn’t make a point
We only had like 40 songs at a time to listen to though.   Js.    This is dumb and pop music is no more leading us anywhere than it ever did. It’s just a symptom of the shit we live in.  Circular logic is dumb and makes you sound like an 80’s preacher ranting about heavy metal.     Music doesn’t lead us, it just tells on us.
Maher’s writers nailed this one!
Ignoring, ignoring there is a Mexican community that will regain what is ours….
You know what else is old? “Artists” that  are mascots for corporations, avatars for writing staffs and karaoke over computer beats.
Shithead millionaire libertarian boomer criticizing consumerist  media. Very rich.
And pink Floyd had 'money'... which talked about the evils of money
While I mostly agree with his point, he ignores that when the Beatles sang "All You Need is Love," they were probably the wealthiest pop stars on the planet and Lennon drove around in a Rolls Royce.
It's one of the reasons I hated the song 7 rings. It was so out of pocket for Ariana Grande. Its usually only rap artists or hip hop artists that brag about their money even though pop stars usually make more. And Ariana has never sang a song about it before or since then. Which makes me wonder if the song wasn't really hers , but just one of her producers telling her to make that song.
I will stick to worrying about the sexual grooming and leave materialism to fate
I never comment on anything ever but damn did that strike me, rock and roll Bill rock and roll
How much music is out today vs how much was bottlenecked by the industry back in the day isn’t really fair.
Very well said Bill.
Says the man who has said repeatedly he only flies on private jet 😂 (I still like you Bill)
All you need is love from you, man.. 👍 ageism..do some research.
We have this stupid idea that evolution Is always good, but it isn't Millenials were already in the materialistic bandwagon, but it wasn't reflected in their Music, Gen Z the only thing that did is to translate what they are to their Music. That aren't change it Bill, we better get used to, it sucks but it Is what it is
Amen Bill!111
Bill's lip smacking drives me absolutely nuts.
“Somebody said to me, ‘But the Beatles were anti-materialistic.’ That’s a huge myth. John and I literally used to sit down and say, ‘Now let’s write a swimming pool.’ We said it out of innocence. Out of normal, fucking working-class glee that we were able to write a ‘swimming pool.’ For the first time in our lives, we could actually do something and earn money.--Paul
Says the guy in the mansion who only flies private, surrounded by his millionaire and billionaire limousine liberal pals. “Back in my day…”
I don't care too much for money / money can't buy me love.  That's my mantra.  So true.
A lot of us hippies grew up dirt poor, so we didn't all embrace love over materialism due to privilege.
Said it before and I'll say it again, Hip hop is shit and it's got to go, 50 fucking years it's been around and it's getting worse and worse with every generation, and it's not racial either, it damages black people more than anyone, Hip hop is old as fuck and it needs retiring for good!
Even if kids didn't become materialistic listening to these songs, they still have to contend with Instagram and TikTok.
Money Get back I'm alright, Jack, keep your hands off of my stack Money It's a hit Don't give me that do goody good bullshit I'm in the high-fidelity first-class traveling section And I think I need a Lear jet Money It's a crime Share it fairly, but don't take a slice of my pie Money So they say Is the root of all evil today - Pink Floyd in 1973
All Bill mentioned was rap & country, because all American Music is now is rap & country. I guess there is Sad Bop. World, Rock, Jazz, Techno, Metal Fusion is what my band does, and my lead singer sings in Russian. I like it.
Another spot-on take. Awesome stuff Bill!
Old man bill maher
Maher is giving away his salary, oh wait. Easy when you are filthy rich lefty.
“Save dat money” lil dicky
This generation fantasizes about material wealth because they’ll never know material security. Stagnant wages, the end of home ownership, a life of permanent debt
I wish people in general would exhibit the common sense that permeates bill humour when relating to today’s world. More importantly politicians who are just disconnected from today’s reality. So sad that we have to rely on comedians to speak common sense.
Would've agreed with this, but nah. Too much dissin' Hip-Hop. 👎🏾
Support independent artists--the real creatives and poets--not the mainstream sellouts to which Maher refers to. There are tons of them out there. You just won't find them in the Spotify top 100, which is 98% garbage.
"I'm in the high-fidelity first-class traveling section And I think I need a Lear jet" Pink Floyd - Money - 1973 Pull your head out of your behind, Bill.
Milestones on the road to the collapse of this particular civilization. We are just a repeat performance of what’s been done before. Given the archeological record, I’m guessing we won’t even rank in the top ten that we know of. The anthroploplasticene will just be another layer of detritus in a crumbing hillside of dirt and rubble. But we will consider ourselves extremely important and intelligent right up until we cease to exist. Or worse, we will finally have an a ha moment about what we have done to the planet that once provided an abundance of life right before it can’t do so anymore.
Those pop stars are paid advertisers, and their songs are the commercials to the youth.
Bill is 100% on the nose with this one. He's fallen far from where he use to be, but he's absolutely right about this one.
I think it was a fantasy and ppl didnt want to be always singing abt crack momma, sister sells her body, best friend dead, electricity shut off etc.
Money for Nothin'... Money, for the love of money, money changes everything.. Busted,
Real Americans treat our neighbors as ourselves
It's funny how Bill characterizes so many Rap pieces as _"vomiting an inventory of your possessions,"_ because "vomit" is how I tend to characterize ALL Rap.  Or, as I more specifically refer to it, "audio sewage."
There's a lot of truth in what maher says, but to listen to a very rich white guy, who wallows in the very "bling" that he's criticizing young people for coveting, is rather disgusting. 👎
Real Americans don’t bend the knee
Insert loud, robotic female laugh. So pathetic.
Society is doomed
Preach on brother Bill!
Absolutely right on! Music lover and former music journalist/musician here.
Bill forgot Money For  Nothing by Dire Straights.
Bill went to the right. Too bad he doesn't want to talk to anyone progressiv.
You are right, as always. Don't ever change. Love your show.
I agree with this take.
Why does bill assume all these rappers grew up poor? Some of them did but some of them grow up middle class folk.
I am a Maher fan so I like it when I slightly disagree with him.  It reminds me that I still think for myself and don't blindly follow my influencers.   IE Fuck that jew hating billionaire kanye but he DID also address these issues in "All Falls Down"   "The prettiest people do the ugliest things for the road to riches and diamond rings ....... They made us hate ourselves and love they wealth that's why shorty hollas where da ballers at Drug dealer buy Jordans , crackheads buy crack and the white man get paid off of all of that ... I bought a house and I'd do it again Cuz I wanna live at 106th and Park pushin a benz ... we all self concious I'm just the first to admit it"  Bill's kanye quote was cherry picking  There is actually a lot of pop music that shocks people with deeper more meaningful lyrics.  I agree though, not enough of it.
profound Bill
And yet the GOP worships a man(?) who believes every thing should be gold plated.
Pink Floyd "Money" is from 1973. Madonna song is from 1984.
🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 💯
Jesus Christ, that was so dumb.🙄
Marilyn Monroe and her “diamonds are a girls best friends” also reached and continue reaching millions, so and that’s coming from America i sometimes feel sorry for you, because you live in a constant competition, never satisfied with what you have …
John Lennon is the best. He was honest.
Is he delusional? He really doesn't think materialism was around until 1990?
You forgot "Gimme Some Money" by Spinal Tap.
"Money for nothin and chicks for free"
Old man Bill yells at cloud to get off his lawn. Also ironic a multi-millionaire like Bill telling young people to stop dreaming about having things. Also I wonder which generation was the most responsible for how crappy the world is today? It's starts with Baby and end with Boomer. And for the record I'm Gen X 55 years old. And Bill slow crawl to the right is why I stopped watching him. His show used to be a reason to keep a HBO subscription. Not anymore. Sad to see his dementia slowly get worse.
But unfortunately Madonna and her Material Girl and Vogue reached millions or more…
“Get a second idea for a song”. Perfect line
They didnt pioneer "Sad Bops".  Like usual theyre twn years late to the game , listen to Everclear for actual sad bops
My music still sings about Odin, Thor, Pirates and Space Wizards.
Bam Sinead! Get em Bill😂! Going where angels fear to tread! BTW nice Steve Allen shtick...40/50 ain't pretty on these folks
You can't always get what you want but if you try sometimes you just might get what you need.
"I want my, I want my, I want my MTV."
Bill is the old guy complaining about how good things were in his day
HBO, for the love of god, please lower the volume in the audience.  The constant noise from the "WOOOO!" guy or the really, really loud laugher is freaking distracting as hell.
👏 👏 👏
The poison of black ghetto culture will never change, wake up!
I am constantly listening to my students, who receive free breakfast, lunch, and dinner, talk about their $200-$300 shoes. "Those that feel they have little internal value will surround them selves with the 'image' of value"
Can you please spend at least five minutes on the border next time at least mention it
Lol... Formula for radius of a circle.... Chat GTP must have wrote that one
Glad Bill brought up this important topic, but I think he has it backwards. Historically, music has shed light on current realities in our society….and not make them come into being!   We need to take a hard look at ourselves and not place all the blame on musicians who are basically shining a mirror on us. They have plenty of blame for sure by being more grandiose than need me, but the real blame is on us.
I think this mentality in music may be very attractive to the youth considering how little money (insofar as how wages have stagnated for decades) there is to be made by working as a regular 'schmo'. Back in the sixties getting the basic commodities typically connected to what once was the "American Dream" were far more affordable than they are now. It kind of makes sense for modern music to put an emphasis on 'getting that bag'. Money has simply become a living priority that has become harder and harder to maintain. As my mother so often says "love don't pay the bills".
I see Bill Maher is paying laughers and clappers these days!   My god.
Start listening to metal.
Oh, here we go again..."these kids today...". Hey listen, screw you bitter old folks. You are out of touch and boring.
👏👏👏
Just teach your kids about real music. Not this garbage that's being passed off as music these days. Boomer rant over.
For goodness sake Bill, really? After all the crap we took as teens about OUR music being evil and rotting our souls from the inside, you're now going to jump on this "Music is ruining our kids" bandwagon? Not to mention, your list of songs prior to 1990 about money and materialism is woefully short.
"Money, so they say, is the root of all evil today. But if you ask for a rise it's no surprise they're giving none away." Pink Floyd...
Bills sounding like the 90’s Republican Party. Not that he’s wrong…but had to notice the similarities.
A lot of this money/famed-based content reflects the goals of the music industry execs.  Music for the youth is no longer counterculture but cultural consumerism.
That's very good, Bill. Here in Brazil, top music is also about money or "she is bumping on my dick" or something...  People underestimate the power of music to influence people's lifestyle.
Says Bill Maher, the grumpy, old, rich, libertarian, Who money grabs every day. Bills, Hypocrisy, his stomach churning
That Kanye song is 10 years old anyways
Democracy without old culture and history, become a unleash and dangerous.
Fucking old people. m
I have teens, they don’t care about music. None of their friends do. It’s phones, SM apps and gaming
Plenty of good music out there not like this. Especially in the EDM genres.
This is absurd...  there was a ton of rampant materialism in the 80's in pop culture.    Give me a break.  ANother chance for a boomer to bash on young people.
Mr. Maher the issue is Capitalism,   it is a system that relies on the consumption of items that is artificially created by the system
last years phony laughing man got his wife a job this year……..
I'm an Xer. Nirvana and "grunge" was my music culture reality - I grew up lower middle class and my family couldn't always afford a lot, and I'm still a person who while not offended by wealth, I despise materialism. Especially conspicuous consumption - all the brand naming in particular. And while lack of money will make you miserable, once your basic needs are met for food, clothing, shelter, transpo etc. no, it won't buy you happiness.
When you're rich, the money seems trivial. Try being poor. Money is the only thing that makes problems go away.  Don't get me wrong, we would love to be able to exist on good vibes. That's just not what society has evolved to do.  Equal out the wealth gap, then we can talk
There are millions more poor white people in America than poor black people, white people have just never been allowed to be victims because a few white guys had all the money. Whites were just cannon fodder to free the slaves and defend this country-1,000 black Americans died in WWII, while 400,000 white men died fighting the Nazis and Japanese (wonder why the Nazis are the only focus of WWII, when Japan was just as brutal, and treated American prisoners far worse, maybe it's who controls the narrative?). Sinead O'Connor drank herself to death. Also, the boomer generation, with it's Godlessness and materialism, are what has led to this. The words are different now, but the motivation of pop singers has never changed: fame, wealth, & power.
Bill Maher Net Worth= $140 Million Bill Maher's Salary = $10 Million
Bravo! Right on the money!
*"John Lennon was a commie libturd like you Bill Maher"* TRUMP 2024!!!
Bill smacking his lips after every statement that he makes for emphasis is disgusting.   Also, Billy Boomer is disingenuous when it comes to this subject as he never fails to mention his money, his wealth, flying on his private jet etc,etc,etc…look in the mirror Billy Boomer.
This is why Eminem is a GOAT, dude doesn’t usually rap about materialistic stuff, he raps about life, hardships, diss tracks, his come up…dude is worth millions and usually wears a G-Shock watch…..etc
I want this like....shown in every school. I dunno. I can't put it any better. Very well written to the team over there at Real Time. Amazing.
"New car, caviar, four star, daydream. Think I'll buy me a football team"  (Roger Waters)  from the song money. The song points out materialism and greed in a capitalistic society.
Well done, Bill.
More "Do what I say, not what I do" from Bill.
Nailed it !!!
When your bands were on tour Bill, you could buy a BRAND NEW car for $3,800. Homes were what? 200k ?  Money is the only to survive now 😢 MOST IMPORTANTLY      Punk Rock never sings this kind of shit. The only true genuine music!
Didn't Marilyn Monroe have a song "Diamonds are a girl's best friend"?
Please ----- never again confuse John Fogerty with Tina Turner.
I agree with you about songs today, but now go do a segment on all the old songs that talk about" gettin it on" with the under age. So many!  Let's start with "She's just 16 yo. leave her alone, they say." GO!
Bill, this is totally brilliant. (the reason for singing about having money was right on.) and, People, this is amurica. these kids will vote. This is totally disgusting!!!    our songs had meaning about life, love, anti-war, civil rights, even sex, or were cute and funny for the most part.  “Dizzy” “I’m Henry the Eighth i am”  “Purple People Eater” “Magical Mystery Tour” The Monkees, the early Beatles -  “War!! What is it Good For”  “We Gotta Get Out of This Place”  Janis, The Rolling Stones, Carol King, Otis Redding, The Smothers Brothers, John Lennon, The Doors, “Lola”, the Folk Singers, Arlo Guthrie, “American Pie”, Stevie Wonder, Dire Straights, all the Motown singers, even Hard Rock and Metal, James Brown, Dylan, Joan Baez, The Blues Muddy Waters et alia, Michael Jackson, Laura Nyro, “We Are the World”, “Tears of a Clown”, George Harrison, “Money Changes Everything“ (which is about what affect money has), songs of the ‘80’s. . .   and so many more who don’t come to mind at the moment.  Hell, even Sid Vicious wasn’t as bad as these people - many of the rappers and singers of today.   of course, there are some great singers and songs now, too - Taylor Swift comes to mind, EDM, and the incredible winners of You’ve Got Talent - those gals and guys are really good with fantastic voices. And there are still meaningful songs kids and young adults do listen to now, just don’t seem to be as popular as the misogynistic, materialistic, ugly songs of today. 🌷🌱
Another problem is that kids these days want everything without working for them. Nothing wrong with wanting money; being entitled to it without putting in the requisite work, that's something else.
Two problems. First, this video should have been done 4-5 years ago, not now. Now it's late. Second, is the crowd who listens to this very important speech by Bill Maher and they laugh in this classic TV style taking away a significant amount of the value of what is said. So all in all, great "New Rule" but shot itself in the foot because of this terrible cringy crowd.
GeT oFf mY LawN
I don't necessarily agree it's just music because music has always been blamed for kids behavior. Bill Maher conveniently overlooked the music is the devil complaint of his generation with 80s rock music but I would argue that he is looking in the right direction. Today with tiktok and instagram, it's easier than ever to get sucked into the celebrity lifestyle because it's not just listening to music and looking in magazines anymore. With social media, kids can follow their favorite stars all over the world and pretend to be rich and famous like them. Secondly, there is a part of it that is "our" problem. Artists sing about what they know which is usually being poor or sad etc but after 3-4 albums you start to run out of ideas. Eminem said he stopped rapping because he doesn't have anything to say anymore. Andre 3000 just came out with a classical music album because he said as a rich 40 year old dad, he doesn't know what to sing about anymore. Lil Wayne has done pop and country albums because he has nothing left to rap about but then they get attacked for changing, or being a sellout. Tupac and Biggie Smalls are considered the greatest rappers in the world because they died at the height of their career. I always challenge people to think what they would have been rapping about as 40 and 50 year old men, with wife's and children, if they would have stayed with hardcore gangster rap or if they would have changed or sold out
You kids get off my lawn
I love lennon, but fuck his socialist mentality in that song.
Mainstream music is horrible these days, it’s really not a debate.
There is no RAPP, only CRAPP znymore!
I used to like/watch Maher UNTIL he made moves to shift his show and cut the writers completely out of the loop - PR1CK! Good old-fashioned (American?) hypocrisy, eh? Oh - audience/panel - NOT everything he spouts from his facial arsehole is 'hilarious'. Just sayin.
Preach 😂
4:01 ... sure, the Beatles sang "can't buy me love" but they also sang, "money, that's what I want.."
Bill when you going to do a new Hampshire new rule?
Is Kamala Harris in the audience? That laugh…
So when the kids want to be rich and that is somehow wrong?  How rich and materialist are you Bill Maher?  Total hypocrisy.
Funny how he left out Pink Floyd’s Money,  a song about selling out for corporate greed, a thing they were in the middle of doing. But back then there were hundreds of labels, now there’s only four, and they’re all interlaced not only with every branch of media, but all the weapons manufacturers and oil conglomerates. This is why we spent 20 years in Afghanistan and didnt have one song from the bands they own on the stations they own or on the shelves they own or in movie soundtracks they own. They just cut and paste salesmen. Also, stop talking about RATM like they’re edgy, they’re on SONY!
“Money talks but it don’t sing and dance and it don’t walk “  Forever in blue jeans - Neil Diamond.
This shit IS OLD
Good rant, Boomer! 👍💯
Born again hippie Bill Maher, didnt see this coming. Thinking white kids are from rich suburbia and black kids are from the ghetto didnt surprise anyone.
Bill is such a boomer
Heavy Metal has very little of that shit.  🤘🏻👀🤘🏻
bill is such a boomer
Can't help thinking LSD is the common denominator. We switched drugs and our focus went to shit. 😜
In the past artists used to criticize capitalism and society but now artists are the hookers for consumer brand advertising money
I'm sorry to depreciate this valuable gem of a segment when I point out that the real problem with the music industry is the generalized glorification of resentment. Songs that embolden people to throw away relationships, make assumptions with zero inquiry, slander their fellow man, and do it all in the pursuit of material gain. WTF happened to songs that glorify Good works?!
"Gucci, Gucci, Louis, Louis, Fendi, Fendi, Prada. Tha basic bitches wear that shit so I don't even wanna"
Bill Maher is the new Andy Rooney.
Millionaires preaching to kids that they should not want to get rich is something I love to hear. 😄
Bill delivers again. Materialism is destroying this country.
And then there’s Melania Twunt’s theme song “Diamonds are a girl’s best friend”!
Old Man complaining about things he doesn't understand.
This is America.  We don't unite and make the changes needed to bring good lives to all, instead we all claw our way up and we all think we'll become millionaires and not have to deal with being on the bottom anymore. Cut-throat crassness has been engrained in us. We actually export this ethos to the outside world, and now the countries we have strong presence in are positioned against their citizenry as well. It was a great experiment to get away from class and ruling families, but it has thusfar failed. The internet and social media seemed as though they could be useful tools to fight ignorance and selfishness, but they:ve actually served as fertile breeding grounds for conspiracy theories and hate. Not looking good.
Money can do great things when you have imagination.  A ticket to the Super Bowl would give me a month in Europe. I bought a modest house so I could travel the world.
This segment should have been brought up during the overtime when Killer Mike kept bringing up reparations.  This is why reparations in the form of cash would do nothing.  It wouldn't be invested, it would be wasted on the latest pair of sneakers and a Bentley.
Hearing a - ahem - incredibly wealthy guy whine about “materialism” in some kids who probably make $11 an hour is just… perfectly pathetic.
unit of desire
Eject that crazy woman in the audience  Utterly ruined this
I hear this kind of music coming from cars OFTEN and wonder how blind the person in the car must be actively shackle themselves to that vibe.  If a person has access to the entire free world of refreshing curiosities and wonder but decides to instead place themselves in a darkened prison cell I would say they are actively avoiding things that lead to them feeling love. It's like they deny their own range of emotional freedom.  Is this fear at work?
At least the country music scene has been united in their hatred of "Truck" and "Rolex on a Redneck" 😂
I agree a lot about what Bill expressed, but I disagree about the broad generalization he made about Rap. There are tons of underground rap artists who do actually rap but they don’t get the same exposure because of the industry promoting what Bill stated.
Old guy complaining about music... same stuff different decade
Gosh, Billy.  Guess you forgot about the hundreds of other songs about money and materialism from days gone by.  How about all those songs about sex and drugs?  Those okay?  Aside:  Typing of the late and sorely missed Sinead O'Connor, why has no one ever taken Lorne Michaels, NBC and company to task for how tragically awful they mismanaged her appearance on SNL when she ripped the photo of the pope in half.  What, are they all supporters of abuse and child mol*sters?  Their toxic reaction effectively destroyed her career.  F*** all those involved in that, including the public.  Morons.  Now go bury your head in the sand again.  The one filled with pablum and bad cribbed adult fables.
Danm Rappers.
I get your point, Bill, but I think that message would be better coming from somebody who's not a millionaire.
This is another “old man says music was better in his day”
wasted half the time pausing for political-like applause points pffffffffffffffffffffft
Turn off the radio, it’s easy.
That lady's laugh made this unwatchable
Music will shape culture way more than our education system. You can believe that. Most students are in constant rebellion of the school when they attend it. Teachers are lame and not taken seriously. What influences the young people are the people they actually look up to and aspire to be. That’s the people they listen to. Take a look at who they are, and you see why screwed up my generation, and the next generations are. It started with my generation. But it’s way worse now.
Yes the simple old days when it was about traditional values like sex and drugs.
That was exceptional.  I've been saying the exact same thing for years. I remember once as a kid saying that i  wanted a rolls royce like john lennon and my father said..  When you can write songs like john lennon you can buy your own rolls royce. That really opened my eyes.  Now he needs to address  the lyrics  about putting caps in people and bitches
Bill when you come from nothing and all you see is capitalism. So when they make it it’s all golden from there buy buy.
I don't get most of the laughs , for it's all too sad , really ....
I agree totally what Bill is presenting. That said, I would give a million dollars to someone to tell the lady who keeps laughing so loud to pipe it down. You're ruining the dialog!!!
Comparing todays music to music 20 or 40 years ago is stupid. Some of it is phenomenal and some of it is garbage. Bill is just showing his age here
"Old man yells at kids and their music these days." The generation before him had similar complaints about The Beatles, Chuck Berry, Jerry Lee Lewis etc. Speaking of The Beatles, sure they didn't sing about materialism, but when they were around Beatles merchandise was in every and any format possible. Still is.
Is this the same dude that said everyone would fly private if they were as loaded as he is?
I’m 22 and listen to George jones and Johnny cash. I’m not like the rest. I wasn’t born in the south either. 😂
OK sure, but almost all those "money isn't everything" megastars of yesteryear wound up as multi-ga-gillionaires. So what was the message worth? It's not called the music "business" for nothing
This is one of the many reasons that I listen to BTS. There songs are more uplifting than the American fare of the last few decades.
Eh come on Bill. Materialism is not at all a new phenomenon created by recent music. Picking out lyrics can be done to create a narrative from any era. This is a lazy and bad take even if the overall thing you want to address about society today is true.
When and why did Maher's producers start hiring professional laughers, and *where* did they find these people? They're so loud and obnoxious and their timing is atrocious. Maher even had to pause after saying kids are raised by pop stars for the laugher to get out that obnoxious "Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!" @ 1:38. Pure cringe.
So so Americana
Bill, your fake laugh track is obnoxious! Why?
Finally somebody adress this topic.  They teach kids is better to have and to be and it's sad.
This isn't new territory. I think Bill is essentially saying what someone might say in the late 80s looking at the hair mental scene. That was a lot about extravagance (without having the history oppression of black people that is the backdrop for this trend in hip hop.) But eventually Grunge came along and ended the opulence of 80s Hair Mental and replaced it with a gritty down to earth sense of angst. And that opened things up for a bit more creativity and the next wave of popular music. Of course, that eventually got overdone and was replaced with the pop wave of the late 90s and rock and roll has never recovered.   The point is, it sounds like Bill just wants the material phase to end and to be replaced with another raw gritty phase of popular music.
$ave Dat Money!
this is what turned me majorly off of the gangsta Rap (and rap in general) genre (with some exceptions).   I watched in the early aughts as Black men were running around with big "Gold" dollar sign chains and Adidas gear and then with their pants falling down around their knees.  I saw how blind these guys were.. wearing CHAINS like slaves and thinking that pants that showed your nasty underwear and would make you walk awkwardly (how many have knee and back problems now?) I mean come on those were your heroes? Meanwhile they were still shooting each other and the record companies were making a ton of money off of them.
Was on your side until the nonsensical racial bullshit.
Shallowness is the hallmark of Gen Z
John Lennon was a socialist. If Lennon was alive today, he's dye his hair green.
"Redneck with a Rolex".  That's when the top country music artists start driving by and forgetting the good 'ol roadside honky tonk on their way to the downtown club.
Yea I'm sure it has nothing to do with boomers literally making the standard of a successful happy person be someone who is financially successful....  As usual you're a bitter old man, bill. it's boomers who set the country up this way. Of course people nowadays want money. You need to be rich to buy all the things boomers could afford with any full time job. What they're really singing about is freedom from money, not slaving to it. They sing and dream about it, your generation killed the country for it.  You aren't going to hear Kokomo written today because a vacation like that is a financial dream for most of the country. It's something people with MONEY do.
Anyone remembers Teenage Rampage by Sweet? :)  "Imagine the formation Of teenage legislation At thirteen they were fooling But at sixteen they'll be rulin'  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdPpQRzcSk8
I love bill and all but didn't he do a whole thing about how he loves to fly in Private jets. Pretty sure this guy makes more from one comedy show than 90% of the country does in a lifetime. Not sure this is the charge he needs to lead.
So Bill? You're a minimalist now?😂
He's not wrong!
I’m sure the Gen Zers would tell multimillionaire Bill to stfu.
Drink every time Bill smacks his lips.
Its called brainwashing
Bill nailed it in this first half, but failed so spectacularly in the second. I completely agree that music is shamefully materialistic today - especially hip hop. But no, black Americans don't have an excuse due to being disproportionately poorer than other groups. I grew up broke as shit. I lived on welfare. We could barely afford to eat. Everything I had was 2nd hand goods. Did this make me seek materialism? No - quite the opposite. It was middle class white kids that did. Also it's just not even true that most black Americans are poor. Most are middle class. This is just the bigotry of low expectations.
So are we pretending to be surprised that capitalism is working? Um the conclusion is obvious when you think about. As Americans what do we worship? What’s trumps biggest qualifying factor to be president to most people?  It’s been money over peoples life a long time. Capitalism baby💪  Edit: J.Cole- Love Yourz
So is every monologue now just an ode to how mich better your generation supposedly was? Because that's not the Bill Maher i became a fan of. Also, it was his generation who ruined music because they are the execs, A&Rs and radio station owners who force artists to chose quantity over quality
There’s two things going on here. 1) Bill Maher remains distastefully out of touch 2) Bill Maher doesn’t talk about the relationship that sponsors and record labels have to make this kind of music happen. He just blames poor people for bragging about what they have now. So yes, that’s a boomer mindset, Bill.
POP CULTURE SUCKS
I'm pretty sure grooming for sexual assault is way worse
Bill Maher blowing his dog whistle.
How about a category of who's running out of show topics...  Get a life and a new team of producers 😂
Great message from a rich boomer.
Who the fuck is that woman laughing like a cartoon
This sounds very commie, “I know what’s best for society.”  Who cares, it’s the parents fault. Music is music.
The people laughing in the audience should really check themselves
This one is a winner.
Is this why diamonds are losing their value?
When asked what do you want to  Be when you grow up: 1975 kid: astronaut, athlete, doctor, police officer, pilot 2020 kid - rapper  Me - just because you can make a rhyme over a drum machine doesn’t mean you have talent or a career. Rapping is like bowling, everyone can do it.
If you walk into a room full of rich people you can always tell which ones started out dirt poor. They are the ones with gold teeth and big thick gold chains. If you want people to know you come from the wrong side of the tracks, just brag about what you have now. Completely obvious.
The one plant in the audience is especially annoying,  yes that woman with that laugh
Bill Maher, who doesn't believe materialism fulfills the emptiness in people, give me ten thousand dollars.
I totally agree with Bill 100%
Says the guy with 140 million dollars
Don't forget about Dire Straights - Money for nothing!
Bill Maher shaking his fist at the kids screaming about how young peoples music is bad ... He is soo fucking out of touch.... All kinds of horrible shit going on in the world and he is here bitching about how old music is better than new music ... What a fuckin joke
Cough* capitalism * cough cough
Poor Bill is SO painfully out of touch that it's embarrassing to listen to him.
new song- - - If its free it's for me.
Bill Maher has no self-awareness.
I'm a bit taken aback to think that Bill Maher doesn't know "the formula for" the radius of a circle.
Bill, why this nonsense? Let's ignore the fact that "Pink Floyd" literally wrote a song called "Money", older songs talk about revolutions and change. And you did jack shit. You for one are extremely rich though.  Songs are just songs. Kids understand that, believe it or not.
I don't always agree with Bill but when I do its 100%.Beautiful.
There is more and better music than EVER right NOW. But hey, let's act like mainstream music is the only music that matters, and that bragging about money in those mainstream corporate tunes is new
This is a terrible take from bill.  Yeah, music and video games are ruining kids minds.  Art reflects the culture not the other way around. Terrible take Bill.
Lol completely forgot about "Slob on my nob".   Banging that today.  Think Bill also, conveniently forgot about all the songs about having sex with 14s in his day but we get the point
Bit it's the boomers who set the stage...3000 Sq ft homes even though kids are gone, super-sized SUVs, let's not forget the second homemade thexbeach or the mountains. post boomers and subsequent gens just took it next level. First time home buyers bitch that interest rates are too high to afford the house with an acte of land they want
That was a very good, "NEW RULES" 🎯 👍🏼  AND these are the reasons I don't pay much attention to "American Pop Music."  I'll listen to it on the radio 📻 BUT I REFUSE to BUY any of it.
Very well done....BUT.....no mention of the gorilla in the room......CAPITALISM... which is driving the bus?  Why no endorsement BIll for Bernie Sanders?.. the only person calling for a war on the billionaire class!!
Us adults have taught the kids what we really believe, that money is everything. It is the only thing that keeps the bureaucracy off your neck. It starts in school with grades and continues wherever there is a pecking order, which is everywhere; from the family unit to schools to government. Insisting on living in an authoritarian way like we do where everything is being watched and criticized and graded overwhelms kids and they dream that hitting it big is the only way out. They're right. Otherwise you are pecked to death by little people dumber than you.
Being materialistic means "keeping up with the Joneses".  You're constantly comparing yourself to others.  And regretfully, you consider yourself a loser if you can't live that Lamborghini life.  Much of the mob retail theft is due to materialistic rap music.
Well said!
rappers have 100 words vocabulary...so what do you expect?!
This is why I have always said and will always say metal is the best genre of music. Even when metal bands get big such as Metallica, korn, avenge sevenfold, killswitch engage, jinjer, etc. they don’t talk about their materialistic gain but speak about issues like abuse, death of a friend/family member, or the effects of war, or just love lol. It is the last genre of music that is actually promoting a healthy intellectual look at the world through art. I can understand why some people don’t like this genre of music but if your kids are metal heads they are in much safer hands then the current pop/rap stars.
I was listening to the Who the other day.  Few are as deep as Pete Townshend and not one today.
Maybe this is happening because the economy has failed the working class for 40 years, and the dream of buying a house and a car and taking vacations is just that ... a dream.
John Fogerty wrote "Proud Mary"
classic
Thank you. I've been saying this forever. Tell the story of the common person. That's what music has always been about
How long you been doing this.
Well Bill, if you don't want to hear those mannequins blabbering about money and useless stuff, you can start listening to prog-metal anytime. There's never been so much choice like the present... of course, it takes effort researching real art, but no Music lover will be scared by that.
Thanks Bill, you sure are a symbol of meekness. A single rich prick feeding on weed and porn stars complaining about people writing songs about his literal real life. 😂
Singling out "todays youth" as being materialistically obsessed by a guy worth $140million, from the "wall st/yuppie era" lacks any self awareness or reflection on American capitalism.
Nepo babies
Excellent summation on todays youth
As bill podcasts from his Beverly hills mansion with all of his collectables in the back ground, his generation also made the movie Wall Street.   I'm a liberal but bill has fallen far from who he was
Maybe that was what Mos Def was talking about when he said Drake was too compatible with shopping
Man am I lucky Yes and King Crimson were "pop stars" when I was 12! Can't buy skill.
😂 Bill is getting into the, "Get off my lawn" era of his life! I wonder how hard he laughed 40 years ago, when old people thought Rock was the Devil's message?
Sad….but true!
the 1 thing that made the largest difference between biden and obama and trump, the child care tax credit that monthly tax advance made a difference
Also, on a somewhat related topic, why do rappers have to give the finger when they take a photo? It’s the most cringiest thing I have ever seen.
Bro that’s totally BS lol there are so many old songs about money.
Boomers also had great anti-war, civil rights, and environmental songs along with the love songs.
spot on
“Somebody said to me, 'But the Beatles were anti-materialistic.' That's a huge myth. John and I literally used to sit down and say, 'Now, let's write a swimming pool.'” - Paul McCartney
Late stage capitalism. Plain and simple.
This is a good one Bill.
There's a seal in the audience, and she's giving it everything she's got - even when it's not the punchline.
and bill you make over 10 million a year worth 140 million or more.    now people do as i say not what i do
Good Stuff.
It's a great commentary.  I am just asking for competence on a musical instrument (or just play a musical instrument instead of stealing other people's riffs and composing with an AI algorithm) and voices that don't need to be auto-tuned, i.e., what used to be called "talent". But I guess I am old and not as smart as the young people who call me a boomer--you know, those kids who rightly are aware of racial, gender, etc. inequality, but are ageist as hell and completely unaware of the irony.
Teens be all going to war n shhiite
When you've been denied entry for so long, there's gotta be something flaunting. Fact! But not forever, also fact!
The music from my generation (baby boomer) were mostly about love, heartache and protest songs, mainly about the Viet Nam war.  What the heck happened?
Lyor Cohen you have some answering on promoting all this garbage like you said on the breakfast club “ I gotta get paid “ yeah sir we see your destruction of you getting paid .
I'm 76 years old, and my wife and I  are trying to get rid of stuff. Problem is the kids don't want it!
Actually, F me. I agree with Bill
Says the guy out at the playboy mansion.  The irony, a hedonists complaining about materialism.
Another one... Spot on! Yes... Parents pay attention to your damn kids. Teachers, which job title isn't just to educate anymore! It's to teach them 💩 their parents should be teaching! Not their job! Then on top of that... They're underpaid!
3:00 Yes! Parents need to stop grooming their children for capitalism and religion.
Bill, you hit the proverbial nail on the head with this one.  That's why modern music sucks so badly, except for a few popular indie rock/pop acts.  That's why some kids actually prefer the music their parents listened to.  Nirvana is one example.  I was at a Foo Fighters concert a few years ago (when Taylor Hawkins was still alive) and I could sear I was the oldest person in my section (I'm 46 y/o).  Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers were also popular with the young.  Lorde's song "Royals" really attacked the materialism in pop music.  As for old songs abut money, you forgot Joe Walsh's "Life's Been Good So Far"--but that was more of a satire.
A society that focuses on materialism, is nearing the ending of its existence.
Great message, but America, please stop with the “Laugh” and “Applaud” stage signs. Hearing the same fake laughs throughout a piece is irritating and distracts you from the message. Allow your guests to respond naturally and honestly. Fabricated mass emotion drives more than an ego for a host, it forces a way of thinking for young people. Start promoting individuality and encouraging self-discovered emotion, thought and belief ✌️
I love new rules and Real Time but the audience sitcom laughs are really starting to get to me. It degrades the entire show and dialogue. Especially when the “applause sign” is put on its so expected now that you almost brace yourself for it.
So on point its unreal that is how they keep capitalism going.It seems like its done on purpose.
I'm way ahead of other millennials when it comes to music. I've been listening to rock and metal since I formed my own opinion about what's good. I don't consider Grammy wins a mark of quality or skill, just a mark of how much control they have over people too moronic to understand what makes truly good music.
The normal things that having just a normal job could get you back in the 90's and earlier like a home and decent standard of living is no longer available to people in the under 40 generation . So can you blame people of that generation for thinking being really rich is everything when it;s the only way to have a normal life that their parents generation had.Maybe kids wouldn't be so obsessed with being rich if being really rich wasn't the only way to have the fairly normal life their parents generation had
Ok Boomer
Well said , I'm so glad you said what no one dare to say !
Greg Lake  sang in '75   I believe in father Christmas.  It was an anti commercial Christmas song.  I knew it was so right and  it's how I truly felt back then,   I still do.    Well done Real Time team and thanks fearless Bill
Sounds like the 1920s, but then there was the depression.
Also, the music is just trash. These kids get music out so quickly now with their beat-making software. They couldn’t care less about actually learning an INSTRUMENT. Melody is less important than the lyrics to them also, so they repeat the same two notes of a melody over and over as they rap or “trap”. It’s very repetitive and very boring.
Yeah, the examples sre just normal pop garbage.  Its absolutely a reflection of America that his generation curated for the next.
It goes hand with hand with the rap thing. Like it or not...shallow scene.
I remember badgering my dad to buy a $30 model T-rex in 1975. People always lust for $ and stuff. The more things change, the more they stay the same. Blah, blah, blah, yada , yada. Who does Bill think was the genesis of the current culture of greed? The Boomers. They went from "peace, love, and understanding" to checking their stock portfolios in the 1990's. They become the first 2 parent working generation to get more stuff. Tell us something new Bill.
The vapidity and materialism of pop music for the last few decades is finally getting called out. OK, Zoomer.
I wish Bill would expand his discussion to include how Congress members have sold out for money.
Nothing like a multi millionaire preaching about how money and things don’t make you happy   SMH
the flex culture in music has been unbearable for a long, long time.
100% percent agree with you there Bill
Wonder where all the voices were when rap was filling the minds of young African Americans idolizing sex, money, and violence for 30 YEARS! We had a massive increase in violence, STIs, and crime as a result! Is it any surprise that the music, still talking about riches and splurging on useless material junk, is making crime as a way to get riches so appealing? Subliminal messaging isn't quiet, it's quite loud and repeated.
Predominantly rap/hip hop
Who the fuck is the annoying audience member with the loud fake laugh!?
If heartfelt is $$$$s, shallow is the mind. Thx Bill
the best.
PEDOWOOD
Ok boomer
Dream about money….. the liberal is complaining that liberals that are singing about…. Why is he mad because liberals are talking about capitalism
This is what Kruschev was yelling about while he beat his shoe on the podium.
Why?  Because the only music that get exposed is the music that is cleared by the corporate music executive 😊
Says the self-obsessed Boomer who has more money than he could ever spend.
Most artist have song writers and sing songs that will make them money.
Sage advice...from a multimillionaire. 😂
I thought Bill had lost his way there for a bit, but this changed my mind.  Great piece of work.
The Monkees were a corporate manufactured band. The Beatles lost their music to Michael Jackson when he bought the rights to it. Yoko Onno took all of the inheritance that was supposed to go to Lennon's son, Julian, after John died. John wrote a song about having "no possessions" while making millions off of it. Kenny Loggins made a lot of his money from the music used for Top Gun and Footloose. If you peer closer you will find that pop stars have always been filthy rich and "sell outs". "Imagine" that. The pop stars today are simply more honest about it. Bill is becoming an old man yelling at the younger generations, and I say that as someone who HATES new pop music.
Great monologue... I grew up in the '60s and '70s and when music wasn't about all your possessions and mainly it was about being poor and struggling to make it... That's part of the problem with this country today is everybody thinks they're entitled to something
General data - missing
A bit hypocritical considering you have a TV show and then a podcast where you sit around and smoke and drink. I’m pretty sure you’ve even flexed how much money you’ve donated to a politician.
And yet... no mention of taylor swift... who never sings about her BILLION DOLLARS$$  ...
It takes a rich man who has everything to tell the rest of us how we should be content with our lives. Here's a secret: they all want money they all need money.
Comsidering Bezos made 7 million an hour in 2022 people better sing about something  else, no money left to get.
I love ya, Bill, but you're super rich, bro, which seems counter to the message you're sending here, and I hate to tell you this but your generation CREATED these kids.  The kids you're talking about didn't appear out of thin air.  They were created and raised by your generation.  I agree with your conclusions but just saying.  We're all in this, all the generations, together.  The only way out is a holistic, unified approach.  Divisions won't work.
because CAPITALISM.   It is gross.   Definitely.  But that was by design and agenda.  The evil  Powers that Be LOVE this. They have bought the souls and are selling this message that is narcissitic, solipcistic  and greedy. LOVE? Yeah.. that is for losers... I hate saying it this way for fear of sounding like a Fundy.. but "satanism" has really taken over " the industry....  (No, not  a devil with horns dude) but the Satanic mindset .. which is narcissistic, solipsistic, ego driven.  Listen to quotes from actual self proclaimed Satanists.  (Not the  Satanic Temple performance art "satanism" ) but old school Satanic thought QUOTE "Satanism advocates practicing a modified form of the Golden Rule. Our interpretation of this rule is: "Do unto others as they do unto you"; because if you "Do unto others as you would have them do unto you," and they, in turn, treat you badly, it goes against human nature to continue to treat them with consideration. You should do unto others as you would have them do unto you, but if your courtesy is not returned, they should be treated with the wrath they deserve. Anton Szandor LaVey"..................
This is a cherry ass picked segment. Every generation goes thru this. Most old folks own the yachts and mansions. That’s crazy to say “these kids want riches” meanwhile transfer of wealth has never been bigger and old farts are pulling all the strings
This preaching brought to you by Mr. "I fly in a private jet because anyone with enough money flies private!"
money... the only way to manifest the intrinsic value of your work.  money... it's better than debt.  boomer
Listen To UGK, Nipsey Hussle And Big Kit!
You know Bill Maher's bigotry just isn't funny anymore
Oops worst Pink Floyd's money the number one hit for months and the number one album for yrs
Jessica Tarloff is a joke! As well as the governor of SC as well as Bill, all the left has is that Trump is a threat to democracy!! I didn’t see any threat of democracy the 4 fantastic years that trump was in office, actually it was quite the opposite!! The left and Joe Biden are the real threat as you can see for yourself, crime is up, inflation, wars in the Middle East, I can go on and on!! How sick are these leftists?
Bill flies private and his people think I want to pay him directly to watch him smoke pot and chat with old stars. Its effed up to get lectured by this guy.
I guess Bill Maher and other rich people are the only people allowed to worship money...the older generations have all the fucking money, and money is time and freedom. The younger generations don't have any time or freedom.
This is an expected outcome of the cultural and governmental policy shift that began with Reagan in the 80's. By creating the conditions for unbridled wealth to accumulate (as it has in the past) it causes the culture to see wealth as the main arbiter of value. It becomes the goal of life and that's what we are now seeing. Cultural shifts take decades to play out and will continue along a path until there is a break. The Great Depression created such a break in the previous cycle and we went from the 1930's to 1980 with a changed cultural perspective. This being America though, we reverted to the norm and thus was born another Gilded Age. This music is just another example of what that leads to.
Bravo Bill! This should be required viewing for parents, teens, and people in the music industry.
Yeah, he's right but won't go to the ultimate truth... "parents" NOT parenting is what allows the grooming in the first place.  Can't say that can he?
When all else fails, lower your standards ....this is America!
From time to time, Bill brags about giving a million buck to political causes. Of course that is not done by him to make it clear how wealthy he is, right?
Millionaires love telling poor people how they shouldn't care about money that way they don't have to pay us.
Aloe Blacc's "I need dollars" is a more recent song that i feel my generation identifies with that isnt superficial.
The irony coming from a multimillionaire
This is quite a stretch
Editorial Right on point as always👍👍👍
Bill “i fly private” maher.  Bill “ i came in and this is what the writers wrote” maher.
Bill since there's no God, there's nothing objectively wrong with wanting money or hedonism.
Hey Bill. Did you forget about the 1980's hit show 'Life Styles of the Rich and Famous"?  You seem to have. Maybe it is cognitive decline.
Well said. Capitalism gremlins need to get the fuck out of our lives
Omg the loud fake laughing woman…. Yeesh.
Boomer turns into his dad complaining about his music.
Too simplistic an analysis, Bill. As artists are being robbed of their revenues by Spotify and other streaming services, and corporations increasingly gatekeep who can get in, it seems weird that an employee of Warner Discovery (which has its fingers in tons of things "the kids are buying") should complain about the content of artists' songs, while ignoring the corporate structure that shuts people out, and then robs those it lets in- paying them pennies on the dollar of revenue for a "stream". Perhaps if the musicians received compensation for their music, they wouldn't have to get Product Placement sponsorships.  Also, the biggest pop star in the world, Taylor Swift, does NOT talk about materialism and specifically fought against the corporate control of her music. soooo..
Says the guy with $150 million.. Get the fuck out of here.
In Bill's generation, there was ABBA's Money, Money, Money.
Man, I never thought pop culture could become even more retarded than what it was a decade ago when I bothered listening to the lyrics the last time...
So greed isn’t good anymore?
Following this rant, Bill walked out of the studio and made it rain the strip club to the music he’s criticizing.
I've been hot and cold with BM over the years, but tonight he and his writers, hit it out of the park 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Horrible people horrible music
Couldn't agree more. How lonely do you have to be to spend money on someone singing about their own? F***in losers.
I used to like Bill maher. Now he's just a tired ass old grandpa yelling at kids to get off his lawn.
So rap has ruined culture
That’s the reason burglaries are on the rise everywhere, they’re getting the money 💴 one way or the other.
I enjoy that i listen to metal all the more. Im also happy that other people get to listen to my music too :)
But when conscious rappers get elevated like Tupac, they mysteriously die young. I enjoy “New Rules” but don’t paint the culture with one brush.
Someone send this to drake
This might be the most boomerish, boomer take that any boomer has ever boomed!
How did he KNOW?
Well said by the long time multi millionaire, Maher...  Absolutely no hypocrisy here...
I think Bill put the wrong title on this New Rule. Bill was really trying to come out against CONSPICUOUS CONSUMPTION in music. It has really gotten out of hand.
My son likes Black Sabbath and he is still in elementary school. He doesn’t get a listen to a lot of GWAR, but his favorite song is Sick of You but I also grew up listening to punk and I mean the real stuff not the trendy stuff. I’m sorry if I sounded kind of elitist there.
When I saw Bill was touching on this, I really expected him to go deep. I thought he was really gonna question how come music from the US is way more materialistic than others. And how art is a reflection of who we are as a society. I honestly thought he was gonna question how this mindset is related to the Spotify playlists.  He is just complaining about lyrics. 🫠🫠🫠🫠
Nailed it.
That one lady's laugh felt very personal, I'm contemplating what have I done.
Bravo Bill ..Finally a wonderful and intelligent insight shared on the show..you got this 100% Dead-On...Love    truley is the key regardless of how  corny it may sound to bee....Peace..😇✌👍❤..Make a place to come visiit often and feel better that you came...Good Luck Bill
America, protect this man at all costs.
Great video  which was then overshadowed by that annoying laugh every 30 seconds
Yes, people are tired of bs. hip-hop (the combination of Rap and R&B) is losing commercial dominance, dropping its market share from 27.8% to 26% from 2022 to 2023,
A few decades too late, the damage has arrived.
OK - so baseball stars and football stars whi make millions for playing a game - I'm sure none of that has any influence in children, right?  OH yeah, then there are all the cable shows with wealthy housewives - none of that influences children, right? Or shows like Shark Tank which make celebrities out of billionares - none of that has any influence on children, right? Etc. The whole culture is obsessed with wealth and has been that way for decades.
I agree that materialism is bad, but it's also indicative of the economic disparity between the generations. Easy to say it's not all about money when you easily have the means to buy everything you need.
OY VEY!! Don't disparage the money Bill..
This man Bill Maher if we aren't careful will be Judas Iscariot in some fashion we let him masquerade as a help to Democracy and decency. He extends a conservative olive branch with a hint of cocky white privilege sector air a lot of us black folks simply find piss poor social understanding. And we know he hates it while claiming he's liberal. Only when weed is attached. He thinks then he can relate to colored people better 💩
Really, Bill? Who made the program ‘Lifestyle of the Rich and Famous’? What about ‘Cribs?’ We have rich people running for office just because they’re rich, the idea being they must know something, they’re rich. Some people are so rich, they’re giving cruises around space. But, yeah, let’s blame it on music. Again he’s forgetting, that most music is depicting what is seen and glorified.  Bill sounds like the old man telling kids to get off the porch…..
I love Bill. But seriously, the first song on his list of "more recent offerings" was Money, by Pink Floyd. A song that came out 51 years ago. The kids that heard that are grown up now. Many of them are in Congress and hosting shows on HBO.
Hey Bill making indignation smack noises with your mouth makes this almost unwatchable
Good song writing is a lost art especially in black music. Artist write their own songs to collect the royalties, in stead of people who learned and worked at the craft of songwriting. This resulted in the type of songs we have today. Every once in awhile a great song will appear and we latch onto it and wish for more.
It drove me crazy when Oprah did give aways flaunting material goods...it's been game on for a while...
ya bill your rich and pimpin for more
This society is totally completely MATERIALISTIC!😭 Their God is MONEY! Bill as usual is just pointing out how F*#k@$ up we are as a nation.
You sound like an old guy
Our current music is a result of capitalism, not the other way around, old man.
Nothing like a guy who used to hang with Hugh Hefner at the Playboy Mansion griping about excessive materialism.
Pi is the number of times the diameter can go around the circumference.  The formula for pi is in the definition of itself.  Circumference = pi x diameter.
I remember when Gansta Rap was what triggered white people. I also remember the establishment; churches politicians FBI, CIA etc. experiencing epic meltdowns over The Kingsmen song Loui Loui, The Doors, John Lennon, just to name a few. I also remember when postage stamps were 3 cents, gas was in the teens, concert tickets were often less than $10.00 for good seats, general admission seats less than about $7.00.
Janis Joplin - Mercedes Benz
While he is not wrong,  the fact again those with money attempting to lecture others can be a bit on the nose.
Amazing new rule. This show rules!!!
It's like that Tao Teh Ching verse about when people lose the Tao they look for cheap substitutes.  As a Brit, when we were losing the Empire was when all the nonsense pride about it came in (not at its peak). Similarly with the US and money.
Talk about "Old Man Shakes Fist at Clouds..." Did you just step out of Blackboard Jungle?  Bratty, entitled kids are, first and foremost, KIDS -- and you're old enough to know better. Go pick on someone in your own tax bracket.  What especially makes you a douchebag is failing to observe that, thanks to the greed of corporations and prior generations, Gen Z & millennials --  having given up all hopes of ever owning a home, are far less materialistic than you would imagine. At this point, avocado toast is at least something they can have today, and they already have a place to keep it.   If they manage to escape their parents' basement, they travel the world, fund AirBnB, try van living, maybe build a tiny house and live off-grid. Oh, the materialism!  What we're seeing is the materialism of the Me Decade come to roost. Don't blame Spotify artists -- they're just reflecting the world around them.
best song about money ?      from the ojays'   ' money ,money , money , money ! ..'     warnings about the idolizing n corruption of $    that is still relevant today
That's for bringing the memory of The Ballad of the Green Beret, Bill. " Nice beat, easy to march to.... I give it about a 73o😂
My brother passed away Tuesday and his mother in law on Wednesday (in front of the kids) said "he really did have a lot of nice things". I had to hold back anger, but teach his kids in that moment a life lesson. I told them that all his property is irrelevant, its all the people, connections and giving that personify their father. There will be hundreds of people today and thousands in the spring to day goodbye. Parents, please give your children their souls back and forgo a pair of jordans or whatever is the "brand" to have. This life is a test and most are failing it and most importantly, themselves.
This is the most boomer clip that YouTube will ever produce.
Thank goodness I grew up on Italian opera and Neapolitan love songs. 💗💗
One thing I will say about the modern materialistic music: at least it’s honest. It’s not like the musicians who performed all the classic anti-materialistic songs weren’t also living the high life as a result of those recordings.
That's why I'm still rock fan
I am so glad you brought this up!! I have been saying this for years!!!!
Agreed with some of what he is saying (and I'm a boomer) BUT he overlooks the fact that the institutions particularly governments reward those with money Trump, GOP, Kim Kardashian etc. Media only talks about successful pop stars (those who have sold the most songs RATHER than those with the best lyrics).
Ironic the woke fascist of the left are obsessed with buying shit and wanting communism. How dumb are they? It's like the LGBTQ members (not all) supporting Islamic terror groups like Hamas.
Old man yelling at clouds.
In 1933 The Mis-Education of the Negro book was published by Dr. Carter G. Woodson. Materialism is just a tool that works for the elite to control them.
The cocaine eighties,new credit rules,Dom Perignon for everyone!Wall Street "Greed is Good" .This 'die with the most toys culture is not new'it has metastasized though.
Bill's grimpy old man act is old.
👍 nailed it again
Maher is c ertified boomer
That was the best song Bruno Mars has ever sung.
Hey Bill - me, my husband and the many ‘White’ kids who grew up in the projects with us and all over the U.S. and who had no lunch at school and sometimes no food for dinner I guess grew up the same way you and the other white kids did, always having food, medicine and clothing and jewelry and traveling! Since the blacks were the minority when I was a kid back in the 60s and poor, and more than a minority of whites were poor, I would assume we should stop racial profiling about who the privileged were! The privileged were the ‘privileged’ and the poor were not just black!
"Flex" songs well predate the rap era. There are far more examples than Barrett Strong and Madonna.
0:50 lil dicky’s “save dat money”
Yeah '90s rap never mentioned all the cool things they had when I was growing up.  It's like Bill slipped into a coma four decades ago
Please tell that female laugh actor to tone it down
Thanks for bringing this subject to light👏👏👍
Did you sell BLM a mansion?
What a huge ego Maher has and his audiences feed it every show, eager to applaud about anything he says. There is a very easy solution to all this music he points out here. Don't listen to it.
"Just quit chasing that paper and live your life."
Bill always has at least one person in the audience with an obnoxious laugh. It never fails.
It's 'pimped out '  , not "pimpy" you old man 😂
Its obvious that Bill comes to work on Friday to do his show seeing the material he will read off the teleprompter for the very first time. To date myself, he is the Ted Baxter of talk shows.
Little off here.  “New car, caviar, 4 star daydream. I think I’ll buy me a football team”  “Ain’t no fun waiting around to be a millionaire”  Money for nothing and your chicks for free”.  They may not have been so vulgar or name drop famous luxury brands, but music has been talking about how much money they have or hope to have since day one.
Oh man, that lyric "slob on my knob like it's corn on the cob".. grody, but kinda funny.
This is why I lliked Macklemore. The only songs at the time that weren't about the same crap.
It's high time this is brought up.
You're right on the money BIll!
Old woman here.  All the stuff I accumulated for 50 years I now have to get rid of fast with lots of trips to Goodwill & dumpster. Heading into 1 room at a nursing home, then a box.   Truly you can't take it with you so why bother getting it in the 1st place.  "The best things in life are free"
Is the Joker's WIFE in the auidience?
bill is praising slave values it's pathetic, there is nothing wrong with being honest and say money is fucking amazing, if you disagree plz give all your money to me
What if the dyspeptic Boomers have a point?
Grumpy old man who never had children.
wait did Bill Maher get leftwing again?
Amen!
This is a good one LOL
Petition to have bill Maher do the Mercy song by Kanye West lmaoooo
And all the people he's talking about are all democrats, who vote for socialism..... except when it comes to taking or donating THEIR money.
You're giving too much credit to songs when you should be looking at the capitalist greed that has spun out of control and tells the country that things/ money makes one happy. GTFOH!
I can't stand the worshipping of money in today's culture
R.I.P. Sinead 🥀
It's all shit music anyway. You don't really see that kind of messaging in metal.
What's up with the fake laughing and clapping?
Comments on money from rich white liberals who don't need money .
Music sucks now. No more punk. Green day is not punk
It was ALWAYS about the money.
You lost me when you tried to make an excuse for it saying it was due to racism. There are thousands of poor people that already knows money wont make them happy.
Say what you want about the youth here in Europe but at least they aren’t that d*mb. If you’re a lefty here you are anti consumerism. Period. Woke kids in America talk all the time about structural racism and other sjw issues but would happily vote for the reintroduction of slavery is somebody gave them a Porsche for voting yes. This happens when a whole generation grows up with no political education and basic ethics in the public and private sphere.
Bill, you need to check out Ren = Dominoes and his Money Game tracks. You won't be dissapointed.
All you need is meth
I mean, I grew up on grunge and hip hop in the 90s, definitely a different generation.
Indie music doesn't have this.  Don't rely on commercial crap.
Stop the fake laughter to jokes that are not funny
Old man gripes on TV about children and gets paid for it.  Your "data" doesn't even touch the aspect that the average kid might not even hear/pay attention to the lyrics.  Bill is the boomer in his argument lamenting his list youth.  He and his writers dip into this grevience well over and over.
Brilliant!
Once upon a time You dressed so fine Threw the bums a dime In your prime Didn’t you? People call Say 'beware doll You’re bound to fall' You thought they were all Kidding you. You used to laugh about Everybody that was hanging out. Now you don't talk so loud. Now you don't seem so proud About having to be scrounging Your next meal. How does it feel? How does it feel? To be without a home Like a complete unknown, Like a rolling stone.
Music with a message is out there, but sadly does not get main stream play. Let’s face it the music industry is making money from marketing stuff for companies, it’s just a long repetitive infomercial.   Love the lyric from Alter Bridge “Wouldn’t you Rather”   Sell yourself short and buy a world of pain Follow your bliss or pay the price All of these lessons I've learned them so well There is no gain worth the commerce of self Wouldn't you rather Live from the heart A life that will matter To be lived from the start You wear an albatross around your neck The spoils of war will bring you down Heed my advice, may you hear every word Don't sacrifice meaning for riches that burn
It’s that damn Rap music!! THEY WERE RIGHT…….
"it's been done to death...I'm old? - this shit is old" *but kids never are (old)
Ok boomer. Don’t you think this is a little cliche? Old guy complaining about the music kids listen to these days. That’s been done before
Best new rule ever
It's easy to make a point when you pick cherries, as Bill so often does. What about Eartha Kitt's "Just an Old Fashioned Girl" and "Santa Baby"? What about "We're in the Money" and so many other songs featured in the Busby Berkley "Gold Diggers" movies?  Fun fact: music used to get  its wider audience via the radio. The choices were curated by station management or the DJs, sometimes with a payola assist. Spotify and other streaming sources let every user create their own playlist from a nearly infinite catalog by comparison. As a result, the corollary to Sturgeon's law comes into effect. (Sturgeon's Law: 99% of SF is crap. The corollary: 99% of everything is crap.) It may be harder to find older songs that fit the mold, but that's only because  they've been filtered out by initial availability and by time.  The biggest difference between the generations is that "wine, women, and song" became "sex, drugs, and rock 'n' roll". I'm not hip enough to know the current mantra.
Irony is the guy preaching about the ills of materialism is a Hollywood star (b list) who has all the things he is preaching against.
Says the guy worth $200 million.....
Let's not forget that our brains evolved to prioritize short term rewards and hoard resources. What helped us survive and then thrive as a species, those very characteristics will most likely lead us to be unable to sacrifice short term gains and tackle long term challenges. Don't believe me? Ask yourself how many people you know that responded to the rising costs of groceries in recent years by planting a garden and growing their own produce. Just because our species has had success in the past and possesses the ability to use higher reasoning like logic and planning, doesn't mean that continued success is guaranteed or that we will be able to overcome our older, simpler limbic system anytime soon. Consider how easily emotions can lead to a lack of progress in governance, when the logical thing to do is compromise. Hoarding resources wasn't a problem when there were fewer humans and therefore more available resources.  While technological innovation has led to a faster extraction and utilization of resources (and resulted in rapid population expansion), control of those resources will always be in the hands of the few at the expense of the many. Access to them will never be equal. There's wars going on in the world right now over resources that appear to be based in political or religious ideological differences.... but there is a reason to invade another country if doing so gives you the opportunity to control almost all of the global supply of a widely consumed grain. Controlling that resource alone allows you control and influence over the countries who rely on that resource, which in turn will provide greater access to the resources of those countries which may be metals, gemstones, oil, soldiers, anything highly valuable that can lead to future success in other wars. In the near future, groundwater supplies will become a larger driver of global conflict than it already is, particularly in arid countries. Keep in mind, many of these conflicts come down to disagreement on whose ancestral lineage has a better claim over the best land (it's all about those resources), and whose future lineage will have access to and control of the best land. The fact that these populations are genetic cousins with a shared ancestral lineage in the same land has become irrelevant, there is simply not enough resources for both cultures to thrive and also ensure the success of future generations. Religious differences merely provide a more palatable justification of the killing of one's enemies, and is an effective tool to motivate a populace to engage in war and always has been, and thus will sadly continue to be the reason why most believe they are at war with their neighbors.  All this is to say, perhaps the children of today who grow up to value and pursue economic resources will have an evolutionary advantage in a world where the earth will have far exceeded its carrying capacity and resources will have become much more scarce than today's world or the world of the recent past. While they may appear to be different values than those of older generations, it seems presumptuous to decide that a greater focus on hoarding economic resources will be an undesirable trait to pass on to future generations at this point in human history. Granted, no one knows how many more of those future generations will survive a rapidly changing climate. Even best estimates don't paint an easy picture for many of us to comprehend and act on collectively. As individuals who are all interested in passing on our genetics, logic dictates that we should be acting cooperatively toward that shared long-term goal. But that's unlikely to happen any time soon, as it would require us to sacrifice our short term gains, which we are particularly bad at doing. We're currently busy trying to figure out if democracy is even something that can be sustained long-term in any part of the world. It's not been that long since we as a species began to topple kingdoms, and even less time since religious institutions began to lose control over some individuals in their communities and corporations began to increase their power over everyone.  These neo-cortices of ours are still too new. Too new for so many things, including for us to responsibly use the technology we've invented, let alone understand the future implications of much of it. This is evident in the degrading mental health of young people being linked so strongly to social media use, and that's just one example of recent studies pointing to an error in judgement in the use of fairly modern technologies. E-cigarettes for vaping is a physical health example, and so is synthetic stone with many of the workers contracting silicosis. You'd have thought we'd have learned our lesson with asbestos. You can probably name more, there's just too many examples and we're only now realizing how plastics can accumulate in our bodies (and brains) while we wait for the ozone to finish recovering from yet another long-term error we made in the pursuit technological advance. Music is more of a reflection on the values of a time than the generator of those values anyway.
Says the Super RICH GUY 😢😢😢😢😢
If white kids have things it’s because their parents work!!  If you don’t have stuff, don’t blame!  Bill Maher don’t fan the flame of blame!
The last comedian left standing. X
I'll give Maher credit, the "IceT Ice Cube Ice capades" joke was clever
Pink Floyd Money. You missed that one.
It’s all about that CREAM
The young people have been destroyed by the hollyweird people and the self hating left. Us Brits are seeing the same.
Well these stars might be compensated for these musical product placements.
When I grew up there was a big push from the youth saying "don't label me!" Nowadays everyone wants to be properly labeled everytime even by strangers.... Especially if their self imposed label keeps changing constantly. Seems like we were a lot smarter back then. All this technology and we become even worse people
So this guy  who has more than he needs or deserves is now gonna tell me what music to listen to because he doesn't agree with it.  I'm sorry your old now Bill.  I'm sorry all you can do is sound like the cranky old man how is sour because some younger kids might have more stuff than him.  I am by far not a materially wealthy man, but to have as much as you do and to be mad for others aspiring to aquire what you have isn't just selfish, it's really kind of disgusting.  And I know your going to say I'm missing the point, but maybe you should stop to think about what point your really bring across.  It's sad to see your decline like this over time. I'm probably just gonna have to stop watching as will many others :(
It's the record labels with an agenda that only want to push the bullshit. They cut and snuff out the real message songs for crap like this
They are singing about people’s dreams
Those were the times of anti war, of peace and love, when bra burning non silicone enhanced gals were considered radical.. Try losing your money today, and watch your friends and family flee… So, it seems like music is reflecting our reality, not creating it.
Hey Bill, you're always on about people being to fat, now you're ragging on people using Ozempic to help with being to fat, I know you think everyone can just go out there and walk from California to New York to get that weight off if they weren't so lazy but before they do that, who do *you* know that's died from using Ozempic? you know since you're so sure "it will kill you"
Disagree with Bills diagnosis on black music culture. Materialism has become the dominant feature and it’s not because of a disparaging life.
'Money it's a drag'! Right Bill?
Same with GUNS! 16 yr old who stole gun from my house said at his trial " You ain't a MAN if you ain't got a gun!" Just look at the news EVERY NIGHT. All the faces that BECAUSE OF A GUN will spend their lives in prison INSTEAD of having as black eye or fat lip to deal with after a night at the club or birthday party! The gun issue is the same as the materialism issue. The music is what is driving the reality. And I spent half my 70 years as a touring musician who never glorified guns or money.
Yes corporate America has finally brainwashed people into thinking they need these brands to be somebody or make something of yourself. This is end-stage capitalism at its finest.
Lemme guess bill is setting this up to eventually come down on Taylor Swift, somehow controlling the election
"Oh! We ain't got a barrel of money, maybe we're ragged and funny, But we'll travel along singing a song, side by side."
Bill Maher is such an old man.
Real Time is filmed before a live studio ostrich.
Save Dat money!
God the audience on bill  show is so cringe
How long did Bill brag about buying a part of the Mets?  I seem to recall him bringing up donating a million dollars for Obama's campaign several times😅
The laughters are annoying 🤔👎
I don't think the younger generation really have the same music culture as the past. There isn't a punk, goth, emo, metal scene. They are still listening to the same artists from 2 decades ago like Kanye and Taylor Swift.  Their "music is my existence" that I live and breathe is now gender identity. It's a shame they don't have Prince or Bowie to accompany it. Instead it's a superficial victimhood to lifelong medical patient pipeline.
“Get a second idea for a song.” Love that line!! 🎭
In showbiz they say,"If you can't play a instrument,or sing, you can always be a Comic.
Today's music is just a reflection of our society's ignorance and lack of couth.
Dude every take is a boomer take now..boomer joke after boomer joke..boomer correlating at its best..we have a parenting issue and always have..you are all too stupid to raise children properly
Rich old man crying about money 😂😂
Money for nothing ... Dire Straits
Grandpa Bill has no kids and it shows.
I approve this message.
“I don’t really like to hear people yelling at me and telling me it’s music, a.k.a. rap. I can get enough of that without ­leaving my house. It’s always been rubbish."~~~ Keith Richards. The c has always been silent in rap. They should rename it to RANT. With the word pointless in front of it
People dream about what they don't have and what is emphasized around them.  It speaks to the American ethos today.
Don't look now Bill, but your side did all of this. Every hellhole in America is run by the people you vote for. Wakey wakey skipper.....
Bill Maher: a national treasure, sorry if it sounds materialistic!
Way to Go Bill. Appreciate your openness to be critical of actions not beneficial to our society or country.
Perfect.
They all heard how, whats mame, was given a car for singing about it, they just trying to collect
Im old? This shit is old! lol
Bill, I applaud you for bringing dissenting voices together and thanks for interviewing Killer Mike Render who never disappoints, but Sununu?  The "stupidity" and lies hurt my brain!
Bill sounds like he might need someone for his will. You’re more than welcome to donate your millions, car(s), and house(s) to me if you’re feeling too materialistic nowadays.
Social commentary is where Maher excels and is worth listening to.  Politics, not so much, as he continues to peddle the notion that Dems are worth voting for.
"You've never seen a hearse with a U-Haul."
I like this  commentary which is timely and on point. Bill says his audience is tuned in and doesn`t need to be explained to. Listen to their bizarre reactions to his words. Every sentence is applauded and often inappropriately laughed at. His audience is always the worst. Does the show use laugh and applause cues?
I'm thankful I grew up during the 70s &80s. The music scene was an explosion of original artists/acts that *endured* , spawning countless musical genres. Nowadays they are flavors of the week & desperate clout chasers.
Bill would literally kill himself if he lost his wealth so I'm not sure why he thinks he can preach about this.
You're showing your age by complaining about "what's on the radio". Money makes the world go around. Get over yourself. Sincerely someone who doesn't listen to that shit music but also knows it doesn't matter.
Just listen to metal instead. Much better than pop.
I'm happy to be raised by the likes of Cat Stevens, CSNY, James Taylor, the Beatles, and Loggins & Messina, just to name a few.
Correct, we do not need material things. But they are kinda nice to have.
Precisely why I've gone away from lyrics. Besides drum and bass, I hit up new melodic, orchestral pieces like from brunuhville or Brian Crain, or blackmill or two steps from hell. New "music" is immensely lazy and uncreative, saving for maybe a handful of writers, but even those writers are dry lines and predictive melodies everyone learned the tricks for in music theory decades ago as if any of these people are making new content. Taylor Swift, nothing but music theory 101 playing on the heart strings of teenage angst and feelings. It's a business. If you play to the emotions of the inexperienced heart, you pay your bills.
Then why do we allow rap music that says kill the police. The people who run the world love how it keeps the black man down
This song comes to mind: The Grand Illusion https://youtu.be/aIuCdQtNBgg?si=O5kUjm1NuysDaq-h
Ok Bill, now you're really starting to get old, complaining about music...
Admittedly sometimes Bill needs to be "OK boomer"ed but not on this topic, he was right on... the money :P.
Now name the culture where this has come from. We all know.
The lady from the “rent-a-laugh” in the audience was so annoying 😬
The music just reflects our values. This is not a real issue.
Remember when the blacks made good music?
What about "Diamonds Are the Girls Best Friends"?? There are more songs about materialism in the past. That's not just a current trend, but I can see that it's gotten worse. Also most of these materialistic songs come from a capitalist country...so there's that.
I'm leaving this to listen to Syd Barrett - Octopus
Whaaaat ? So you're saying that an Ideology that centers around money and consumerism shapes culture and young people into wanting more money and spending it on luxurious goods? I'm shocked. This is shocking news.
I agree with this but bill is not the right messagener
Oh the irony of a guy who part owns a MLB franchise bemoaning aspiration. Stick to politics, Bill.
Johnny cash pretended boxccar living and a prison life while literally living in a mansion.
Absolutely Brilliant
We are so fucked.
Forgot “Money” by Pink Floyd.
But Bill all those artists live in mansions,now worth millions with all the cars and bling.Your confusing lyrics with actual wealth Bob Dylan pretended street poverty whilst owning slum apartments in new york.They all chased wealth and what it could buy,JUST like today.
Finally, the message that should've been out a couple decades ago.  But that's what you get when you drive capitalism to it's endgame without any other values; we all become products, and materialism is king.
For the love of money ppl will steal from there mother for the love 9f money.
Yeah, I'm old, but I hate stupid pop music and rap that brags and poses. It's so childish.
Kids these days...brain washed by corporate advertising.
As a fan of rock and metal, i agree.  The formula for rap is start out talking about your struggles, make some money, then buy shit, and then rap about the shit you bought, make more money.
Oooh damn, now i can hear Carlin doing Stuff in my head..lol
bill plz retire
Don't forget the Joel Osteen-style Prosperity Gospel. Ministers in Lear Jets. The Founders believed that tax breaks for religion was an Establishment.
The Beattles also sang " Money ".   Madonna was a material girl .
The Wayans once had a comedy routine where they made fun of everyone calling MCDs fast food trash.   They said they were so poor that when they ate some greasy fat Cheeseburgers 🍔 they felt good about getting some fat in their diet! It was a good day to eat MCDs. Far from putting it down they were happy to get it!😮🤣
I was tired of all the British bands too Bill. They all sang the same songs too. Ironic isn’t it  😂. Same thing.
OK BOOMER, your generation made this generation, and the world they were born and live in!!
💯% true
I've been watching or rather listening to the rapid decline the music industry. I just thought I'd be more close to bills age when I do the get off my lawn fist shake but alas I'm only 41 😢
Capitalism pollutes everything. Even ones soul, ESPECIALLY ones soul
Bill is looking and sounding more and more like an old man yelling at the clouds.
And all this while celebrating capitalism, Bill. Isn't that what you all always wanted?? The new generation was made by the generation before it, like the world they live in, BILL!
Bill. It’s called capitalism. People and kids want shit
I feel like every time I watch Bill Maher he gets a little bit more like Bill O'Reilly 😂
Today's music--sounds like cheer-leading routines or TV jingles. The vast majority is trash, but it sells. That says a great deal about the producers and consumers of this garbage.
I was a millennial kid growing up middle class in Germany and we thought products from Chanel or Gucci were exclusively owned by celebrities..it wouldn’t even have occurred to us that that’s something we could want or own for ourselves.
The current popular culture is particularly hollow and vapid. Reminds me a bit of the 80’s right before grunge hit.
Bang on the money Bill (pun intended)...for every Greta Thurnberg there is a 1000 kids out there saying; fuck the planet, gimme, gimme, gimmie...
I hope those laughs are fake....why would people be laughing at the ridiculousness and actual lies these pop stars spew out that have no basis on love, friendship, relationships and things that matter.
Okay but that Lady Gaga song was preceded by her describing how much she hates materialism and the obsession with money. It's a song literally being ironic about shallow people.
As someone who represents the music industry for last 17 years, I totally agree
I don't agree 100% with you but on this one you got me at full support, man.
Grunge era 87-96 best time for all music.
May I invent everyone to listen to Christian Hip-Hop. Materialism is as prevalent there
I just want to know how old you have to be to agree with him because I’m there guys
Old man yells at cloud
This is some boomer shit right here. Why are we taking this guy seriously?
I'll take 70s yacht rock the rest of my life over auto tune rap crap
Credit to the writers for this because the kanye joke was near perfect👌👌
Give up your advertisers bill???
That's why i listen to Napalm Death and not to Kanye West. It's all about the message.
He should understand that capitalism, that he is so proud of, has its side effects. What's so abnormal if your art mirrors your society's ideals.
Wow, a Boomer complaining about the music of the kids. My grandfather used to say the same about the Beatles. Is he going to complain about the noise level next?
Parents can be "in on it" too.  I'm a late Boomer (Born 1960) & altho my Silent Gen blue collar devoutly Catholic working class parents were thrifty & strict on me, they did Aspire to the American Dream.  So, we moved from Row House Philly to a house in the 'burbs in 1969, & I enrolled in 4th grade w/all the kids of wealthy WASP & Jewish doctors, lawyers, business people, professionals, etc.  'Twas quite the culture shock for me, seeing all these kids who had their own TV in their bedroom, stereos, records, a mini bike, Converse All Stars (they were the Bling sneaker of the day).  I had second hand everything from my older cousins, & knew my dad would pin my ears back if I ever asked for those sorts of material goods.  It's no wonder so many grew up not caring about money, as they always had it (great quote from the movie The Aviator in the "Lunch with the Hepburns" scene btw).  Fast forward to nowadays, I have some in-law nieces & nephews on the Gen X/Millennial line who grew up poor, much like my parents, but worked hard to earn a decent suburban lifestyle.  They now spoil & overwhelm their kids with material goods, encourage the whole Bling culture, let their pre teen daughters spend gobs of money on designer makeup & hair treatments, not even understanding how to use such stuff.  Sad.  I guess I don't really have a point, just rambling.  I made a good living for myself as a civil engineer, I'm still pretty thrifty, never bought a new vehicle in my life, paid off my house, have a 401k, don't go on extravagant vacations or gamble at casinos.  The simple pleasures are the best.
"If you grew up with holes in your Zapatos, you celebrate the minute you was having dough" - Jay Z
How much money does Bill Maher have?
-"Ok boomer" is an entirely valid response to these continous ramblings about "the current generation". Arn't you tired of complaining about the same old thing that has always been the same? Nothing of this is new in any way. I can make the exact same video with the complete opposite message with this level of moronic cherry picking.
Have you listened to Olivia Rodrigo?
bruh, you sound so old gtfoh
Ahhh, I have been saying this for 20 years. I wondered even with 16 what the ef was up with those weird values implanted in kids brains. Id rather listen to Black Metal.
The paid laughing staff is sooo fake. yuk
Like this message. Thank you Bill. This was thoughtful and powerful. You should take all your New Rule and turn it into a book. It would be a great collection. Just a thought. And a chance to credit all the amazing writers who create these pieces. Your message will travel far.
Says the millionaire who talks shit 😂😂
Thank fuck someone has said it
Says Bill earning millions for this show, I agree with the general message. But boy this lacks self awareness 🙈
Don't forget Janis's Oh Lord won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz…
It’s a sign of the emptiness of American culture. The people who run this country are sociopaths and always have been, so these pop stars are just a product of their environment and are reflecting the values of the people who are in charge behind the scenes.
Ok boomer
C=2π(r)
I agree with the message of course, but *"Money" by Pink Floyd*  should be the third (and best) example of a song about $$$... from before the Era of Assumed Entitlement to Wealth with Zero Effort ;)
One thing i hate is when rich people tell people like me that money isn't important. It's it really not or do you just want me to do the shit you don't want to do as cheaply as possible? I'm guessing the latter
This is rich (pun intended) coming from a guy who flies private jets and it worth hundreds of millions of dollars.
Gen X had better lyrics, bring back RATM
Hey Bill watch Tom McDonald and Ben Shapiro Rap FACTS
Alright I was with you will till you went after Tree3 Six6’s seminal title “Slob on my Nob”. That sir, is a classic.
Love hearing about the evils of materialism…from a rich guy 😂😂
Very good Bill!!
So Bill, last time kids were wrong for protesting Israeli genocide now they're too self absorbed and materialistic. Hard to win with these ol' folks. But I agree we need more songs of universal love and protest cos the establishment (lookin at you Bill) ain't gonna shake the system that's screwin' u ova' kids.
And the lack of talent.
And they are not even getting paid by the luxury companies.
Bill forgot "Money" by the great Pink Floyd.
#1. The biggest irony is "Material Girl" was supposed to be a commentary of vapid 80's gold diggers but everyone missed the message  2. In my generation pop musicians as aspirational figures started with groups like Duran Duran cause you read about their WEALTH in people magazine and of course ,the RIO video. So this goes back generations
Most of the time Bill makes more sense than my preacher.
There's actually more songs about drugs....
Bill: In your short list of old songs that used to glorify materialism, you forgot, FIRST I LOOK AT THE PURSE. I believe that's a Smokey Robinson tune about leeching off of women and not caring what they look like as long as they have... $$$. It was also covered by the J. Geils Band. There are probably others you missed, tho I'll agree there were a lot less of those kinda songs back when than there are now.   The funny thing is, hit songwriters and recording artists used to make a lot more money then than they do now. I could be wrong, but I'll bet you the entertainment industry wealth amassed by Paul McCartney, or George Harrison, or John "imagine no possessions" Lennon, or Eric Clapton, or Bob Dylan, far exceeds anything most rappers will ever see. Back when, they had record sales and radio play royalties, plus concert ticket revenues. (And the cost of a good concert wasn't much more than what you pay nowadays for a basic cuppa Joe!) Maybe current concert prices are so thru the roof as a way to compensate for all that lost revenue from other sources that are no longer relevant? Anyway, that's my 'fiddy' cent's worth.
Everyone is a sell out these days.  I remember when letting brand name products use your music or likeness was a bad thing.  Now just about every artist does it.  Even the older musicians.  I can't tell you how disappointed I get whenever I hear a Led Zeppelin song used in a car commercial.
Only difference between old school artist and new school artist is one wants to implicitly get rich and while the other wants to explicitly get rich
Bill should check out the metal genres, we got all you need 😅
@imelilucas <3
I am from Cabrini Green Projects in Chicago. Whenever I would leave to visit St. Louis, as a teenager, I could not get any "URBAN Music".  I could get Motown and definitely get country, pop, but definitely no rap or R&B.  Now, when I travel the States,  I everything and boy, the rap from my childhood was way softer than today.  Todays country talks about the same shat as the low level rappers of today.  Music has changed and not in a way that is benefiting any of America's Ethnicities.
Lorde from NZ dissed the pop stars and their money aspirations in the song ‘Royal’
We must admit it. Modern"HipHop" is destroying our youth.this was mostly Black music
"Money Power Respect"  is a bit different though.
One lady in the audience sounded like she was laughing and crying at the same time which made the whole clip even more to the point imo.
That's why back in the 90s was the good time we had little money and we were still happy now that iam soon hitting 40 and have a 4 yo daughter I don't want her to need crap that doesn't make her happy but only the wrong way of attention you can't take it with you when you're Dead and she's not going to be greedy too like MOST of them of music.
Writing from 🇹🇷 as a 23 year old, I agree with you a 100%
Typical liberal Bill- he’s so close to a fully correct diagnosis, but then takes 2 steps back with his “black history theory”. Black Americans never experienced greater economic advancement than the 1940s and 1950s: where is the greedy, materialistic music then? It wasn’t there, because Black American culture wasn’t dominated by those values.
I’m convinced that the producers find the audience members with the loudest donkey braying laughter at put them right next to the microphones.
I thought getting older ment I can be silly freely and openly I bought a 3 handed folkmanis Golden brown chicken puppet named WishBone American Chicken easy oven baked yoker born most fowl
“I like shiny things, but I’ll marry you with paper rings” - Taylor Swift. (That’s why she IS the pop star and POET of our generation.)
That piece was so good I did not want it to be interrupted by laughter.
This dissertation on prudence, modesty, and frugality brought to you by: A Hollywood Millionaire (est net worth $140-180 million)
Commentary like this is why I stay tuned. Couldnt be more right on this one Bill!
100% correct.... but try to restrict what your kids listen to.  In the 50's, they tried to stop wonderful music like Chuck Berry and Little Richard because it was "black".  It didn't work. American music is pervasive, persistent, and unstoppable.
My favourite new rule.. Bill is getting better as the years go on..Thank god for him!
I'm impressed that an issue like this got caught on Maher's radar
The thing about Lennon is, he was a hypocrite. Typical communist who wants everyone else to have no possessions while he's living the high life of the elites.
Another get off my lawn from curmudgeon Maher. Who doesn't have kids, never wanted them, and doesn't know any, doesn't want to know any, is unwilling and uninterested in understanding "kids these days".  I know lots of young people. Millennials, gen y, gen z. And all I see are the same young minds that I was once.  They are, as always, raised and shaped by the generations before them and the cultures built by them.  I was raised on music from my teens but not raised by it, thank God. And neither was Maher raised by the Beatles and led zeppelin.  And finally, anyone can cherry pick a sample of the most irritating whatever and define a whole group by it.  Maher has no clue really how diverse contemporary music is.  He takes his cues from his own prejudices and what he merely guesses all the kids worship and emulate.
During the mid-80s, songs tended to be about hanging with friends, partying, love, doing what you want in life, and having a good time...even though life is hard.  (At least most of the music I listened to, had those themes.)
Sununu is really an a-hole! His kids don't have access to a laptop or Notepad to get their homework? He could use those parental controls on those devices. Remembering CNN's  oran😅ge monster Town Hall? Right, 3x Nepo Horse dribbling Governor is just so great!WTF?
Love this dude ,bill for president
Blind hog found an acorn. Goodun
Word!🙂
Award for worst studio audience goes to..
That's it Bill your'e officially an old grandpa
It’s not just music. Now add all the YouTubers and instagram influencers.. 🤮
Ah, now I know why I collect human skulls... Growing up with the Misfits
So glad that Bill has become Politically Incorrect again.😊
Get your money for nothing and your chicks for free
I hear you Bill. I'd be happier if after over 2 years, I was no longer homeless.
The unmarried millionaire Bill talking against materialism is kind of ironic.
The way I see it, whoever dies after accumulating the most earthily wealth and material possessions isn't supposed to be a badge of honor, goal or even the winner.
I hate Bill’s audiences. Those exaggerated laughs, trying to stand out from the others when they get to watch the show later on TV. “Hear that (annoying sound)? That’s me (forced) laughing! I’m so cool (in my own head)!” 🤮
There were more than 2 songs EVER talking about money before the 90s. Tons of them. Just google it. You're not that lazy so I assume you re just picking your data to fit your reactionary point. How is this helping the rational discourse, as you claim to be? You re just like the right+left wing fanatics that you criticise at this point.
The Ruttles had "All You Need is Cash."
I disagree with the racial element. I'm irish, my ancestors were BY FAR the poorest people ever to reach America, we love our music and literally none of our songs are about money or wanting stuff or anything material.
Not true about Jimmy Buffet! He started with practically NOTHING (financially speaking) and turned himself into something.
I got three kids, i pay all they bills. work a 40, my wife and kids both love and know me.  Never been to prison tho i been pulled over.  Bought a new car paid half on cash keep the payments lower.  Live within my means, so suck on these, from my garden sweatpeas.
Imagine no possessions  ....well that certainly true of the subscription models and paying rent
“Look at you, and then look at us — all my Onu-Matoran look like they have lots of widgets.” —Wayne Nui
Pink Floyd - Money 1973 Money Get away You get a good job with more pay and you're okay Money It's a gas Grab that cash with both hands and make a stash New car, caviar, four star, daydream Think I'll buy me a football team Money Get back I'm alright, Jack, keep your hands off of my stack Money It's a hit Don't give me that do goody good bullshit I'm in the high-fidelity first-class traveling section And I think I need a Lear jet Money It's a crime Share it fairly, but don't take a slice of my pie Money So they say Is the root of all evil today But if you ask for a rise It's no surprise that they're giving none away
Right and video games caused school shootings.   I love Bill, but Boomers gonna Boomer
I've said it from north of your border for DECADES
Bill is moslty shite...once and a while thinhe isnon point.  Tho tbh, that early mysoginistic sexist  rap is still awesome 😅
Jimmy Buffett would not perform for less than a million dollars a show!
amen
Pretty ironic a man with hundreds of millions of dollars is complaining about kids wanting to get rich!!!! LMMFAO!   I AM A PRETTY BIG MAHER FAN BUT WHAT A F****** HYPOCRITE!
We get it you don’t like or want kids. Stop being so preachy…
So a millionaire complaining about pop songs advocating materialism? I remember one of his videos about how he (and everybody else) loves flying private. Smells a bit like preaching water and drinking wine.
GREAT! Could not been better explained.
Funny... Bill is loaded and single.
I agree and disagree with Bill on this one. I agree that today's music has too many songs about how much money you have. But I disagree with Bill about this being new in any kind of way. If you look at a lot of songs in the 70s & especially in the 80s (the decade of excess) you will find lots of songs like today's music.
It's America Bill, the love of mammon is in the constitution.
Ben Shapiro called, he wants his bit where an old white guy reads rap lyrics back.
Interesting. The comments are pretty universal. However, society has changed and the music is a reflection of that, more than the cause. Profit drivin Corperations have taken over the governments of the world. Shareholders are the new masters. The middle class has evaperated. We invented, first world poverty where kids with a usless college degree a and 100k in debt, work in the fast food industry. Society has been reshaped to create a small ruling class and a large population of indentured servents. Modern slavery for all. Maybe we need to look in the mirror. Our consumerism has created the monster that controlls us. Our kids are obsessed with money the way we were obsessed with true love and happiness, because it's nearly unattainable for most of them.
Thank you for this one.
“ When you’ve turned 12, you stop listening to your parents, and start getting raised by Pop-Stars.”  Perfect Maher.
Amazing! Finally someone said it!
Well, I COULD bash the lyrical content of today’s popular music, but I listen to 80s hair metal so I probably shouldn’t point fingers.
Our pentagon released a recent report basically declaring the selfishnesd and narcissism of americas boomers an official " national security threat." Boomers own 80 percent of the stock market and the pentagon seems to think theyd rather blow up the world and or tank the market thsn it live on without them. Must be a gen x heavy pentagon.
Rappers getting rich so quick is a symptom of American materialist youth.
Trump taught us all that money is all that matters.  Not votes, not relationships, not integrity, not decency, not even love.  Just money.
There is an emerging non profit record label called Future Youth Records that works with youth around the world to put out music about various social issues. They have done collabs with Julian Lennon, Billy Bob Thornton, and music legends like Jim Keltner, Steve Porcaro, and Albert Lee. There is hope!
Can someone get bitter grandpa a cookie, some milk and anything else to do?
These companies are probably paying people to put brand names in music. Brainwash a whole generation to crave these products
4:05 isnt that originally CCR Song?
I’ve literally never even heard of any of the songs that he mentioned.
Wonder what that idiot Killer Mike thought of all that.
bill shold be ashamed, calling thgis real time while invinting people that hate trump last 10 episdoes. then how come trump is leading over peddo biden when all your guests you have on are pro biden and against trump ? go back to your roots and stop takink DNC/CNN money. you are already rick you troll
My wtf moment time, when an american said: Do you know How much money I make?
No, don't excuse this behavior, please!
When Lorde wrote "But all the songs are all: 'Gold teeth, Gray Goose, trippin' in the bathroom...'", there was an article on BET attacking her on the assumption that she was criticizing rappers for being materialistic. Seemingly without an ounce of self-awareness to think, "Wow, if that's _immediately_ where my mind goes, maybe rap *is* getting kind of materialistic..."
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1iBm60uJXvs Bruno Mars got me through a lot.
"When we're hungry, love will keep us alive..." -Eagles
This is a testament too your music catalogue. Blue suede shoes didnt come to mind.
Damn i think we got an all time best new  rules
It's black culture. Hip hop and rap is what brought this.
When I was in a band, I'd labor over the lyrucs, hoping to articulate a message, usually one of anti-consunerism, anti-materialism, and of individualism. That was what being a punk rocker meant. I see the mainstream hasn't changed: it's worsened. Just a bunch of lookalike, soundalike copycats. I'll be missing the Grammys this year, as iI have every year for decades.
It´s a pity he wont bring this thinking to congress or the white house. Bill for prez 2028, what do you say, you in?
This generation has no understanding of what nearly every generation prior understood: greed is bad and commercializing your art neuters it.  I know this because what is an "influencer?" Someone who hoks product. Someone who gets sponsored to do ad reads. And this is what they strive for. They'll gladly do their own product placement with hashtags.
You forgot ABBA.
Many songs used to be romantic.  Now, it's just sexualized.
Don't they get sponsoring deals for mentioning products in their lyrics? What's the surprise then?
I just write songs about otherworldly adventure and being sad n stuff lol. Writing songs about consumerist lifestyles is just boring.
Can't stand Bill Maher because of his love for the racist apartheid Genocidal state of Israel. But I had to watch Killer Mike. If I were Killer Mike I'd boycott Bill Maher for his love of Israel. The only way as a public figure I'd go on the Bill Maher show is to challenge him on Israel.
"We're in the omen by. A wealthy honey. We've got a lot of what it takes to get along." "Diamonds are a girl's best friend."    ""Santa Baby."    I think we could find more older songs on that theme.  Still, less of them would be better.    As far as the ones that mention designer brands, I strongly suspect that the companies that make those brands are paying artists to mention them.
Fresh take there Bill, great to be lectured by a millionaire that money is not important. Maybe, just maybe if the previous generations did not hoard wealth, put the whole world through a financial crisis, housing crisis, cost of living crisis etc. the next generation could actually think about something else and be happy.
Was that #lalisa you keep spitting on the people who watch this crap. Adam, call me, u falling out
We need to teach kids to listen to _music_ instead of consuming the image of a person singing. Maybe they could, I don't know, aspire to be a good musician?
I do not like this smug unfunny fuck but I still listen
I wish people would stop worshipping celebrities, there no better than anyone else. And the bar is set so low these days.
Started with gangsta rap and all this shit.now the whole music industry is a lyrical mess. Actually it’s almost unbearably bad.
Here here to second ideas 🎉
Giving very strong "old man yells at cloud" vibes. I don't listen to most modern music either, but I don't waste my time hating the youth.
"Okay, boomer"  - every millennial/gen Z that watches this video
If you were to tell me in the 90s that liberal  atheist Bill Maher was going rant about the world being too materialistic, like some religious monk. I might have laughed in your face.
4:06 *John Fogerty (CCR) wrote those
Sometimes I wish that as a teen I hadn't listened to all those "In the ghettos" "All you need is loves" "Hey stoopids" "Crying in the rains" "people are strangers" "blowing in the winds" "imagines" , living on the prayers"(and a plethora of Polish rock whose lyrics you wouldn't know, but still along the lines)... Maybe I'd be better accommodated to today's world.
Bill is a multimillionaire who went to an ivy league college. He has some nerve to talk.
Nowadays We live in a client- prostitute Society 90% of Men Don't get laid Without The Woman Getting paid. Especially people below 30 years old Almost all have accepted this reality
TWO THUMBS UP!!!
This is one of the reasons I prefer heavy metal
Says the rich asshole.....Get out of your ass Maher....you've been wealthy for decades...you don't get to judge...
Amen brother Bill!
Yeah, it's got a lot less to do with the music industry, and a lot more to do with the whole romanticism surrounding elitist capitalism, and the practical deification of it's apostles, culturally, and politically that is plain to see in everyone from Trump to Musk.  Cause, frankly, that's all their singing about.  Some one has made acceptable the notion that wealth equates to greatness, and that if you have it you've earned it, and/or deserve it.  All the music is doing is holding up that mirror.  Same with some of the old racist, homophobic, and violent rap from back in the 80's.  They were just pointing out the reality they live in.  You don't like what that mirror portrays, then maybe you should consider not being a economically conservative stooge...
It's human/primate  nature to brag
If your answer to "Okay Boomer" is to roll your eyes and scoff, well sorry Bill, you're officially in the club. Just like the grumpy old fucks on the republican party who believe crazy conspiracy theories, you're merging on to their freeway. 10 years ago you were so spot on, actually researching and trying to understand how young people felt, but now? You're as out of touch as my 70 year old grandmother. Nicki Minaj and Lil Nas aren't the only people making popular music right now, nor do I think they are influencing young people in the way that you think.  There's a lot of good new music and art out there that you're missing out on. Whether it's due to blanket arrogance or your unwillingness to actually look for it, idk. What a shame.
Bill Maher is a moral conservative trapped inside the body of a social dillusionist.  He keeps asking others to wake up, but hasn't himself.  We like you Bill. We hope you come back.
Punk music of the 70's and 80's, Alternative music of the 80's and 90's and Grunge of the 90's were antimatetialism and anticapitalism. Glad I grew up listening to them. The Clash, The Smiths, Nirvana didn't drive off in their sports cars wearing a Rolex once their concert ended.
Yeah blame the songs not the greed from the rich.
I had no idea this was a problem because I don't listen to any of that garbage. And how do you listen to rap these days anyway when you can't understand a fuckin thing they're saying?
The overt fluffing was a bit much. Dem people sounds ignit
What about the song "Money Money" by ABBA?
Try listening to Ren money game parts 1,2, and 3 the most anti materialistic songs around.
Arise ye workers of the nation, arise ye prisoners of want
You forgot the late great JaniceJoplin. Oh lord won't you buy me a mercedes benz
Rich guy telling people not to want to be rich.
This our entire culture, though - advertising constantly sends this message that you are the most important and the greatest, and only this crap will make you happy, constantly devaluing real human relationships - and THUS, the sadness....
To be fair, there were more songs in the past which glorified money (e.g. Fistful of Diamonds by W.A.S.P. or Money by Pink Floyd). But they cannot compare to the BS that comes out now.
I like you Bill, but I'm gonna have to give an OK boomer on this one.
Modern music is soulless garbage
Music culture? YOU HYPOCRITE!!! Money is what all entire American society it’s based on. And you criticize “your” offspring for learning your lesson well?
I also don't have 3 somes, smoke weed, or capable of f*%king people up, but I listen to songs about them. This was one of those grandfather yelling at the TV new rules.
The music industry is controlled by Jay Z until that changes,  nothing will change. By the way the low price for a Superbowl ticket is seven thousand dollars, that's for one ticket, if that's not insanity I don't know what is. Millenials & Z ers will find a way to pay for it, together with the 30 dollar burgers, and the 15 dollar beer, and 10 dollar waters, and go home with a smile.  When I was in the military I had a senior NCO tell me, "if you're gonna be stupid you better be tough" their world deal with it.
Sometimes all you can do is crank up More Than A Feeling and remind yourself that there were once better days than these.
There’s a women in the crowd with an annoying laugh.
Bring kids some ultravox and they'll be fine.
Nothing like getting preached to about money by a millionaire.
I'm old this sh't is old...right on Bill. I haven't been called a boomer in awhile but when I am...my response? and?
Doesn’t bill own a basketball team in New York?  Real folksy for a billionaire, bullshit
I don’t often agree with Bill (anymore), but he’s spot-on here.
A study was done a few years ago, and 90% of the top 100 were written by one of two people.
I haven’t been agreeing with a lot of what Bill has to say lately but this is is absolutely the truth! Fuck materialism. If we didn’t have billionaires, we’d all be better off.
Brilliant as always
That's why REN has got so much attention , he writes about mental problems ,  watch : Hi Ren
seriously , what is the Average age of bill's writer room ?!  95 ?! this was one of the shittiest takes i ever heard . are we sure this isnt a parody show of what real time used to be ?
Thank god for metal music.
Floyd Mayweather.  I rest my case.
Artists want to make money, sure, but they do not have to brag about making more than you and think that is their art.
USA only worships the Mammon so your kids are only doing what’s expected from them
You should look at yourself, Bill. You're a multimillionaire, yet you've complained about the taxes in California, yet have no problem with hundreds of billions $ sent to Israel. You're anti-Islam because it's "barbaric" yet you have no problem with the murder of thousands of innocent children. Just admit it. Israel owns your ass like they do with most celebrities and politicians in the US.
Hey, it's called advertising and product placement, and it's used to sell the brand knockoffs out of China.  It's not about the music, the musithe product. product.
It is a bit nostalgic to state that anything was cleaned up in lyrics today. 90s gangster rap was f-bombs, c-walking and misoginy in a pretty general and posing way. 2020s drill rap is just continuously referencing actual (soon to be) murdered 14-30 year olds with as much disrespect as possible. And for pop misoginy how about the Weeknd. Listen to the actual lyrics: drugs, misoginy and sadness.
❤ I’m with you on this one Bill.
They missed an easy joke about Donald Trump and "For the Love of Money" by The O'Jays (1974), which was used as the theme song in The Apprentice.
The problem is the previous Counter Culture has now become The Man.
This monologue told me Bill doesn't know anything about music.
Thanks Bill 👍
Thank you bill
Dear Bill, The song 16 Tons.
Decent points. Also Bill Maher is worth 9 figures too soooo clearly he doesn’t ignore his money either
"Motherfuckers say that I'm foolish, I only talk about jewels  Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it?".                         -Sean Carter
Also, didn't this happen before with hair metal in the 80s and grunge in the 90s? The change from affluence and partying to general sadness?
Rammstein....stripped. Saved me in middle school from damn 90's advertising popping up everywhere in school, billboards, and other kids talking crap about handme downs.
Game of Thrones: Whoever dies with the most toys wins
Wealth inequality...wish the old Bill was alive...
It's not just music it's tv and movies too lol
But half the country are voting for Trump so maybe we extend this messaging over to the political arena.
Abba - Money Money Money
"...For the love of money is the root of all evil"
This isn’t so much an issue with music as it is an issue with black culture. There are some deep underlying issues that need to be addressed and people need to have some hard talks, but we deny ourselves these talks and let the culture degrade our humanity through these shallow materialistic ideals. In the end it affects everyone
I like Bill and agree with these takes but I have to say, Bill Maher is what happens when you are gung-ho about not having kids. Seems like you just become an angry old man who hates all younger generations.
And then there was ABBA with Money, Money, Money … must be funny in a rich man’s world.
Love how the audience goes silent when their liberal icons ( Cardi B, Lady Gaga) hypocrisy is exposed.
Well said sir. Your monologue has made me a subscriber.
Bill: Yep! I can't even add to your topic, because you just said it ALL!  A tip of the hat and mad respect for yet again being the voice of reason, in a world that's becoming unreasonable!
…says the man with an estimated net worth of $170 million
WTF boomer boy, so at worst your dumb kid is inspired to be rich???  In boomer boy's youth John Wayne was rockin' Chesterfield ads on TV,  wtf?? One kills you , the other the kid grows out of it or actually becomes rich by not sittin' like a bump on a log ... lyrics??? Words???? Didn't we settle that in Senate Hearings in the 80s just for precious cupcakes like you, Billy? 👀
Bill gets better with age
This will probably be the best New Rule of the month! Loved it!
Bill needs to dive deeper than his pool.Oliver Anthony -90s.Chevy, Willie Carlisle, Seirra.Ferrel, Benjamin Todd, etc.
I wish artists write songs about stopping global warming, reversing climate change and saving the planet (thank you, Biden, for the Environmental bill to reverse climate change  👍. Trump will terminate it on day one, if he gets reelected  😟).
I agree with most of what you said here
1:38 oh God that laugh....sounds like a Karen
So we’re back to blaming music again huh? How many topics has Maher gone full boomer on now.
it's the shmear effect
You are the same guy who was bragging about only flying private now that you are rich, right?
He forgot to mention this gem: The Beatles: Money (That's What I Want) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeWjEYhk7Xo  "The best things in life are free But you can keep them for the birds and bees Now give me money  Your lovin' gives me a thrill But your lovin' don't pay my bills Now give me money"
I caught my 12 year old niece singing wet ass pussy last month. I told her mom she better start saving up money for the future therapy.
It's honestly indicative of what I've been seeing a lot of from the <18 group: A severe lack of valuing the most basic things. Life, liberty, and property. Let alone the radical concept of being content with what you have!
assumption of both progressives and libertarians, give or let people have money and they will be happy. and yes, country music now is rap for white rednecks, no more about feelings.
He's right. He is old.
This is the problem I have with Bill. Now you have so much choices to choose from in music. If you want to hear materialistic songs you can here that. But even in hip hop they have conscious rapper like j cole and Kendrick who material things are not their focus.  And that is 2 out of hip hops top 3 right now. You picked what was popular are ran with it. A lot of us still listen to songs that you listened to with positive messaging that came out today.
If you want to know why kids are so bratty and entitled, remember who raised them.
It's easy to cherry pick 4 or 5 classic songs and compare them to the thousands of songs out now that nobody will remember in 30 years. If you actually take a look at the songs of your youth that you've conveniently forgotten about, you'll find plenty of the same garbage that comes out today.
Says the rich man.....
Ironically, Maher showed Lorde in his medley of sad singers, but it's her mega-hit Royals that was an uber ant-materialist song.
In pop music's defense the artist is only allowed through marketing algorithms to say what's already been said. Fuck the music industry.
Preach! For being the global exporter of pop culture (a loss in its own), we reeeeeally lack any culture at all. We want poetry and significance, not a consumerist circle jerk
Brands becoming our identity is one of the saddest trends
What about “Money” by Pink Floyd? You know, the song from one of the most popular albums of all time? Or Dire Straits’ Money for Nothing?
Good god how is this clown still on 😂
A man who is unfit according to Darwin is giving advice to parents again.
Amen
"OK Boomer" is what a generation says that can't figure out why worshipping luxury goods isn't making them happy, and would rather attack people that point that out, than doing the hard work of reexamining their values.
Sayer of the truth.
Also, I never got the obsession with buying a mansion or a yacht or any of that fancy shit. Who needs them? I only want to be rich enough to not have to live in debt and financial instability, rich enough where I don't have to worry about affording medical bills for expensive treatment, rich enough to where I could easily pay for my chidren's college tuition and take trips around the world.
Bill’s position is that black people were denied material things for so long that it’s understandable that they would gloat about it in their music.  Really? Barry White, Stevie Wonder, Lionel Ritchie, Motown stars, Jimi Hendrix and dozens of black artists who had nothing growing up but suddenly became rich somehow never felt the need to brag about their new found ‘bling’. You know why? Because they were real musicians who had something original and genuinely artistic to say.  All this materialistic garbage that Bill talks about starts and ends with rap, the musical equivalent of The Emperors New Clothes or a radio shock jock. When you have little to no musical or lyrical talent that you can use to express some genuine emotion of course your artistic expression is going to revolve around acute, sophomoric shit like Bill described.
Debussey Greig
This is the best new rule in a good time, put this in the memoir
Which is the cause and which is the effect? I will bet bratty spoiled kids grow up to become musicians (who professionally go by whatever stupid AOL nickname they thought up when they were 10) who make music about spoiled bratty stuff.
easy talk for a millionaire . maybe if these rich pricks would start paying the fair share of tax and the gov. uses it for the people this all would not be a problem. Imagine if Billionaires and millionaires pay their taxes , we could use it for free schools and medicare . Do you think an educated public would vote for this corrupt politicians. As Trump said I love the poorly educated and we all just laughed . DO you relaise what he what he meant when he said that ?? And what did Trump go on to do more tax breaks for the rich giving the rest of US $8 Trillion in debt.  And we still consider voting for him again.
It's not just music that's obsessed about money nowadays, it's every sector of entertainment. TV with their endless swath of streaming services, video games with their glut of microtransactions, lootboxes, and preorders, even cinema, besides the growing price of tickets, is plagued with "movie rewards" and "theater membership" that's trying to create an elite class for paying a little extra for trivial things. I wish these companies weren't so damn greedy and went back to the early 2010s when business practices were generally sensible.
Can the show start vetting audience members on their obnoxious laughter? Jeez.
Fuck yes! Finally someone brings all the shitty music out in the open. These asshole "singers" are destroying our children. I used to listen to rap when it was somewhat meaningful and story telling. Now it's either about Cardi B's tits or Nicki Minaj's plastic ass.
Idk, my kid has been listening about how The world is my expense The cost of my desire Jesus blessed me with its future And I protect it with fire
Sorry Bill but in this country money equals happiness. That's only gotten more true with time. The kids aren't being lured into the trappings of materialism they're living in the world that was made for them.
It's consumer capitalism bill, the American way.
🧐 This is ridiculous...Get Off My Lawn 🚜
The monkey said...... That was funny. Not racist, but a monkey is a monkey. If you act like a monkey, you might get called  a monkey. I have no problem with that whatsoever. I've thought that for a long time. I wouldn't speak to this man or shake his hand for any reason. Yes, shown who he is. Even though he didn't even know who he is most of the time.
What happened to "Eat the Rich" and "Freakin At The Freaker's ball?"  Yes, I'm old. So what?
he's accidentally hit on the origins of much of the sick culture of today..rap/hip hop music.
Back in the good ol dayzzzzzz
I'm 38 and still love my hip-hop but He's got a point, I also got tired of hearing how some douchbag was gonna take my bitch or "u broke and I'm rich, I can't call it, I spend my money but u broke so u cant, I just bought a crib in Nantucket" idk ok but u get the point it gets old so now I listen to tracks with meaning behind it!!💯
Don't always agree with you, but when I do no one can put it better then you. 🙂
This country is full of people that want nothing but money and materialistic bull s***. After you have done enough of that, you realize it doesn't make you happy. And it's just more c***. Happy comes from within and money can just eat some stress. For the normal bills, normal people have. Before you know it, you're old and none of that c*** matters. Family and friends matter. Do something for them and have something worth living for.
You’re cherry picking rich Bill, there’s plenty of songs that don’t glorify money or wealth.  And there’s still graphic sexual lyrics but not from the guys!
Maybe the youth's musical taste will grow with their life experience. I liked a lot of materialistic rap as a teenager too but eventually got bored with it. Adult me needs music with more depth. And the larger materialistic worldview that life boils down to a wealth contest is lame and depressing.
Not two songs pre-1990, you missed one.  Abba, Money, Money, Money.
thank God I didn't turned out to be over materialistic, I grew up listening to Marilyn Manson.
Excellent segment!
It's more than ironic, it's pathetic, that woke cancel culture celebrates this garbage. Partly because our ethos was too celebratory of being young and stupid.  Hope I die before I get old. Never trust anyone over 30. How about growing up by 30? And not believing the hype? It didn't take a nation of millions to hold people back. It only took a bunch of clowns and thugs.
I agreed with everything you said until you tried to justify a little, by telling me these artists were oh so poor growing up. I grew up in a very poor police state. We were dreaming of having freedom. Wishing for jeans and fancy clothes was really low on the list compared to freedom, and love.
You forgot "Nothing Wrong with Capitalism" by Oingo Boingo (1980)
Good one!!❤❤
Gee he’s NOT blaming Biden for this stuff either 😆😆😆 for a change these past few months 😮
"my Maserati does 185..." Songs about money are nothing new. And if we think that pop music is to blame for society's ills then we are really disconnected from what's really destroying our society.
I'll counter this by quoting a lyric from one of my favorite albums ever, Queensryche - Operation Mindcrime.  "Selling skin, selling God - the numbers look the same on your credit cards"
ok boomer  old people complaining about pop culture is cliche and tiresome  get off my lawn
At the end of the day, it's the people who make the shit you think is dumb popular and we're old and know better.
How did he make this an 8 minute take. I generally like his stuff, this one missed the mark. It’s your parents job to parent. Be present. Talk about values. Live them out.
That womans laugh seemed so forced
I loved how Killer Mike in Overtime wouldn't touch this issue with any substance.  He wouldn't say who he'd vote for, he wouldn't say there's too much materialism in music... he has a lot to say except when it can alienate his audience.  He's a politician thru and thru not a truth teller
Brilliant
Beatles: "Gimme mooooney..."
Thanks for this Bill Maher 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽✅💯 Within the hip-hop community? This materialistic theme as and still is and in-flighting thing. There are fans on both sides but the majority aren't true hip-hop fans but pop music fans. Pop things like Tik Tok and other devices that create a single themed musical narrative that gen z and gen A plays a major role in. Sad but, true.
Speaking of new age hip-hop which is vomit friendly garbage.
"I wanna be a billionaire" was released 13 years ago. Travie McCoy is 42 now... Kids these days, right? Like Joe Walsh, "My Maserati does one-eighty-five I lost my license, now I don't drive I have a limo, ride in the back I lock the doors in case I'm attacked" Every generation imagines itself to be better than today's damn kids, so yeah, okay Boomer.
All those luxury brands animal-test and practice animal cruelty. So it’s like a double whammy, narcissistic + vain, while abusing animals and the planet.
Thank you.
Bill missed "Santa Baby" when talking about old money-fixated songs, but other than that he was spot-on.
Every Real Time episode there's some really loud female laughing hysterically.
What about Pink Floyd's song Money?
Throw it in the Bag by Fabulous from 2008 anyone? This is nothing new. 15 years ago being a pimp was cool in rap music. Youngbloodz would be boycotted if they released their music today. “Presidential” idolized trump lol
Guys they're just getting paid to mention the brands at this point. Get mad about the product placement that's infested all of our pop culture at this point. These pop "artists" are there to sell records and make profits. Physical media is gone, how else do you think their labels are compensating?
SOOOO correct
In 1957 the Silhouettes sang the song "Get a job." Maybe song writers should go back in time for their new creations.
NEW RULE: MUSIC MATERIALISM:  BRILLIANT ❣
We need money to live. It’s Better to have a decent income than not. Rent eats up most income. Unless lucky enough to have a home or inheritance
How is his argument different than “playing violent video games makes you violent”? Because that argument has been debunked time and time again.
Less is more🎉
Thanks ronnie ray-gun for the trickle down greed!
Papa don't Preach! Bill Maher a Right Wing wet dream come true!
"When u ain't got nothin, u got nothin to lose" -Bob Dylan
,,Hahahahahaha" thank you woman in the crowd for annoying the shit out of me.
Bill cooked here
Nothing wrong with buying things. Especially when you worked hard for them. But mindful purchasing is key.  Tiny house movement is huge.  Music either reflects culture, sets it in motion, or is just wishing you had an exciting life.  Look at how all sales training vision boards have a lot of material things.
"I'm old, this shit is old!" :D
Millionaire complaining about billionaires music, yells at poor people to stop lusting after housing, healthcare and food.  Classic out of touch right wing grifter.
I really love the show but there is ALWAYS one person in the crowd who needs to be so fucking loud . I guess they go home and rewatch the show only to hear themselves laugh like a hyiana.
Madonna said "Material Girl was sarcasm."
And don't forget John Prine's Spanish pipe dream
Materialism is pointless, because when you die, none of it matters, no one‘s gonna care about the big fancy house all the cars or all the money you’ll just be another rich person who died and might get one tiny little paragraph, in the newspaper or news outlet and the rest of the world will move on and forget you
Money talks. But it don't sing and dance and it don't walk. As long as i can have you here with me. I'd much rather be forever in blue jeans.
Not trying to make trouble, because there are valid points here. However, a very rich man telling people not to think so much about money makes me suspicious.
With all due respect, maybe you're out of touch with what life is like for the younger generations.  The statistics for them owning a home, having savings, and being able to trust that their employer will take good care of them if they work hard for the company they work for don't look as good for them as they did for us.  Money is like oxygen.  People act like it's not important until it runs out.
YES!!!!! I LOVE THIS!!!!
LMFAO Ok boomer is the only answer when it comes to the bullshit complaining you do. Money has been in music all of your life too. Fuck you cherry picking songs to prove a shitty point.😂
I never ever gave a crap about junk, over-priced luxury brand products. I don't even give a crap about regular priced brands. Who gives 2 flying fucks?! It's sad how these singers and their fans think this garbage is important.
Most of these artists are industry plants and have to sell what they are told to sell.  90% of rap is an infomercial and glorifies selling heroin.
How  true  👏
Nobody is trying to ""teach kids" shit--they're trying to sell records.  They're playing what's selling. The music industry is not now, nor was it ever interested in "cleaning up it's act." It's interested in $$. Kids are actually buying advertising as content--the music industry is in heaven.
Bill makes good points but doesn’t dive deep enough into how pop music is used to influence the masses.
As if rockstars of the past have not glorified their excessive party filled lives. So much cherry picking here.
“I like shiny things, but I'd marry you with paper rings”—Taylor Swift
Dumb take, boomer.
Lots of americans are worshiping a man who constantly vomits out lies about all of his money ,    possessions  & success & he can't play an instrument , sing , or work a turn table . So it's not just musicians  doing this.
that's rich coming from the mouth of a jew.
At this point I'm positive he knows his biggest audience is people watching to see what old man shaking his fist at a cloud thing he's gonna do next. Sad, indeed.
So Bruno wishes he had a billion bucks.  Wait till the government has spent itself into bankruptcy; wonder what he'll say when it costs a billion bucks to buy a loaf of bread.
Has he listened to the pastors that endorse Donald Trump and the likes of Marjorie Trailertras Greed?
I agree that "Your value = Your wealth" is a ridiculous thing to teach anyone, however, Bill appears to want to re-litigate the old, tired "Modern media is brainwashing our kids" nonsense!! It's been shown time and again that TV/ movies/ songs/ video games/ etc, doesn't brainwash kids. The whole "Your value = Your wealth" crap is something that goes FAR deeper than just songs! It's the cultural fabric of the USA!! It's a direct result of the EXTREME capitalism practiced in the USA!! It's the reason that the USA is the only advanced nation in the world that doesn't have universal healthcare; because when your value = your wealth, those without wealth have no value and a person of no value doesn't deserve health care, etc...  This is the kind of thing you expect and indeed find in most 3rd world nations, even though MANY 3rd world nations (I should say 'nations that we would once have called 3rd world nation,' since it doesn't make sense to use the terms 1st/ 2nd/ 3rd world nations anymore, in the absence of the Cold War)... ANYWAY, A great many 3rd world nations are developing BEYOND the USA and are able to offer universal health care to their citizens. Even Cuba is able to do this. But somehow, it's just too expensive for the USA... Of course, it's not REALLY too expensive for the USA, instead, the usa only values wealth and so if you aren't wealthy, then your life has no value in the USA and thus you don't deserve health care!
I don't agree with Bill Maher on many things, but on this I can agree.
Has he listened to the pastors that endorse Donald Trump and the likes of Marjorie Trailertras Greed?
Where's the lie??
Finally! Bill Maher as we know and love. I hope you stay off the "woke" train, it was getting tiresome.
A wise man once told me that it's better to buy experiences than to buy things.
I’m a Millennial & even I think materialism is overrated.
There still a few good bands out there!
That's why metal rocks!
Bill, this has been going on since about ‘95 or ‘96, when mainstream Hip-Hop went from lyrically and stylistically diverse and socially conscious, to all the fisheye lense videos filmed on yachts.  (Puffy, basically.)  Then MTV dropped the, you know, MUSIC, and it was cribs and ride-pimping, 24/7.  P.S.  Get ready for a HuffPo hit piece calling this segment “disgusting racism from another oppressor” or something.  Then again, I don’t think even Chuck D. could say this without catching all sorts of ‘smoke.’  (Did I use that term correctly?)
This is the stupidest, most boomer take ever.
Woh... sex, love, romance, comedy, jrr token esc fantasy with Orson Scott card  drugs, and rock!... that both worked out for me, but also took a bit to bring under control. Good thing I also read a bunch of self help books 😂😂 love not sex. We got it wrong ❤❤
As someone commented, there's a lot of new music that's great, but no one wants to make those artists popular. Barns Courtney, Seinabo Sey, Rhiannon Giddens, Deborah Coleman, to name a few. Most popular music now, though, has no substance. And I was never okay with those disgusting misogynistic, homophobic "lyrics."
You forgot Pink Floyd's "Money"!
It's the 'f^*k you, what are you going to do about it? era.  Very American yet everywhere.
Kanye is such a wanker.  I almost cannot believe his shit lyrics.
“My Maserati does 185, I lost my license and now I don’t drive. Life’s been good to me so far.” Joe Walsh
Will somebody please get Bill some water. The amount of lip smacking this season is in overkill.
ALRIGHT ALRIGHT HE'S ON TO SOMETHING....
'I'm not old, your shit is old'. I 'm going to drop this every chance I get.
I wish someone would write a song about how good their credit score is and how they have no debt.
It doesn’t make you a poet or an artist . And neither does songs about sex !
🤢🤮
I'm lucky to have been raised on rock, rather than pop.
What’s the problem with sad songs?
I came of age during an era when "selling out" was not a thing people strived for.  In fact, when Rudy Giuliani tried to silence Rage Against The Machine on the issue, they played an illegal concert on Wall St that shut down the NYSE for the day.  Punk became pop because we resonated with the message that money corrupts and everyone is created equal when you're in the mosh pit.  We could use some of that anger today.
Bruh. Till today whenever i get down and life gets hard, i put on lynyrd skynyrd's simple man, let a few tears out and I'm good. I'm reminded of what's important. Fuck outta here with shit crap music today.
I’m a black man and I can say rap didn’t start out talking about luxurious items. Go back to the 70s the early 80s rap wasn’t about often. It had a message attached to it. Rap swung to singing about things when one person did it and it was really really popular. After that everybody had to tell you what they had. Because what happened in society was we began to fawn over celebrities, and what they had. there is a racial element to this minorities in America have been denied things for let’s just be honest. As soon as someone got something they did start to sing about it you can’t blame them for it and even now that’s embedded into black culture. I’m a black man I can tell you this. As soon as I got a teeny tiny bit of money and it’s nothing really compared to what my boss makes, my family starts to sing about it and I barely make six figures. Here my family is applaud in my wealth when I know because I work in finance that it’s nothing. Not compared to what other people out here. Not compared to what people above me make. But to my family the people who make $16 an hour $17 an hour. This is what they want to hear because they don’t have anything. Wait a minute you’re telling me people who don’t have to hear about a lot of stuff. Well we have a lot of people in America who don’t have much. The American dream is possible but it’s harder to get that before. Look at wages in America. They were stagnant for decades, unless you were a CEO a celebrity or a musician. So perhaps society itself has something to do with people wanting to hear this music. Don’t think it’s just the teenagers adults. Want to hear this music yes, that influences the teenagers but teenagers don’t have money parents do and parents listen to music too.
Americans not able to recognize that capitalism got em by the balls, and actually liking it! Sad stuff...
'bout time, thanks Bill and your writers
Chicago 3 album, a song by the great guitarist Terry Kath, “I Don’t Want Your Money.”
This is Bill’s top top top performance!
Its not a coincidence that there hasn't been a latenight jukebox bar worthy song released in the last 20 years.
🇺🇸💜🇺🇸• Excellent Last New Rule •🇺🇸💜🇺🇸
Now tell him it’s his generation of children, the ones his generation raised that are making and putting out the music…and not only the artists.
God, all Bill does is smack his lips. Seriously, count how many times he does it. Don’t make it a drinking game or you’ll die. 🤦🏻‍♀️
Been a metalhead since high school. Rock on. 🎸 🎸
Diamonds are a Girl's Best Friend?  If I Were a Rich Man?  Money for Nothing? Puttin' on the Ritz?  We're in the Money?  Only 2 songs before 1990?  Hyperbole much Bill?
Ive been saying this a long time.
"I was selling my soul, working all days" best song ever against materialism
One thing is for sure.... "Money's Too Tight Too Mention" (Simply Red song from their debut album in 1985)
That one woman who's laughing like an idiot to write home that she was laughing on the Bill Maher show
I'm not out of touch, it's the children who are wrong
Music capitalism to be exact. Bill, you sound catholic to me; repeating what the Pope said.
The French are glad to die for love They delight in fighting duels But I prefer a man who lives And gives expensive jewels A kiss on the hand May be quite continental But diamonds are a girl's best friend A kiss may be grand But it won't pay the rental On your humble flat Or help you at the automat Men grow cold As girls grow old And we all lose our charms in the end But square-cut or pear-shaped These rocks don't lose their shape Diamonds are a girl's best friend  that new popstar Marilyn Monroe.. yawwwwwwwwwwwwnnn
7:42 't was ugly, very sexist and VERY homophobic!' Yes, but it was also GREAT!!
Sure seems different in Europe
It's amazing how many high school kids in college kids that I work with . And their biggest motivation for working is "got to make money. Got to do the hustle. Got things to buy." And I hear some of their music and it's all the same stuff. Just singing about money.
Hilarious.  We don't like those song lyrics kids are listening to?  Wow, when did liberals become conservatives?  This is truly the circle of life.
Could you sound any more boomer than this? Jesus H Christ Bill
Jesus said not money itself,  but the love of money, is the root of all evil .   Ask any republican, millionaire or billionaire.
yeah, I never heard of "diamonds are a girls best friend"... definitive proof that Maher became his fuddy duddy parents putting down the next generation.
At least a few bands that can be described as retro are releasing new tunes this year.  Too bad the shops dont stock most of their cds and you have to order them.
Artists might be paid by the brands and products they blah..
6:23 “I’m old? this shit is old” 😂
people a bragging about buying sh*t? I didn't know . Probably because I don't give a f*ck.
0:54: "Money" by Pink Floyd "Money, Money, Money" by Abba "For the Love of Money" by The O'Jays "Diamonds Are A Girl's Best Friend" by Carol Channing  Not to mention all of the "fancy car" songs of old.  Don't pretend your generation was so pure Bill. Or that all of those people NOT singing about money weren't either colossal hypocrites or had to deal with people screaming "Get a job, hippie!" for their entire lives.
I'm not always on your side, but this time 100 perc.
The problem is is that the kids are going to try to afford the material things, and that’s where they’ll miss out on the things that matter most such as a house. Just look at the screen of all the rappers, announcing a name brand. These brands, when purchased, range from the hundreds to thousands of dollars just to get one item. Add more to them and go into different brands and there goes your money with buying a house and a nice car because the purses, watches, cologne, perfume, and suits take priority.
You're spot on, Bill but sex in lyrics is worse, especially the degrading kind. Kids, real children are exposing themselves sexually online is a byproduct, expressing domination and hurtcore
American culture is in the moral sewer. Other countries aren't like this. Greed is not great.
It makes me so angry that they listed that John Fogerty quote from Proud Mary as a Tina Turner quote.  F U real time graphic maker
"Popular music" is garbage because it's popular.
Yeah being concerned about money and wanting to own nice things is because of music definitely not capitalism. Ok boomer you missed the point
The irony is that young people who can't afford to move out of their parents house or go to college are willing to pay hundreds or even thousands for ticket to a concert to make their idols ultra Rich. Same with sporting events where someone tossing a ball is making multi-millions a year but a teacher or a police officer will pay a a fortune to sit and watch them do it.   It's a sick and  perverted system and the public is stupid for supporting it!
Kenny Rogers sang a song in the 80s called The Gambler. I'm pretty sure that song was about material things. Madonna sang a song called Material Girl, all about material things (also in the 80s, I think). Hell, Dean Martin wrote a song all about money called "The Money Song" and that was back in the 1950s!!!!!! The more I think about this, the more songs I remember that are ALL about money and that were written pre 2000. This means that Bill Maher's ENTIRE point is entirely specious!! His whole New Rule tonight, is wholly specious!   Nb: Unfortunately (it's unfortunately because I rather like Bill Maher), the more of these New Rules I see, the more I check, the more I find that they too are specious!! So much of what Bill says appears to make perfect sense upon hearing it. However, the more one ruminates over whatever it was that Bill said, the more mistakes, contradictions and inconsistencies one finds. Eventually, one discovers that the point is utter snake shyte (snake poop is excessively smelly)!!
Rap and hip hop is trash and so are the people that listen to it.
Its pretty overdone when the music sounds like the artist is name dropping ads like their product placement segments in podcasts.  I'm not suggesting that money never made the subject of a song in the 20th century.  I will say that increasingly this music is basically like those shiny silver spinner hubcaps on a pimped out car.... flashy symbols of ego & decadence.  I thought it was bad when MTV's death throws as music video channel was when so many songs had to have 2 versions... one with & one without the South Park vocabulary so it could actually play on the radio.  The rapper singing "music for a drive-by"...  Now we have songs laying in high-end brands so the music can have a 2nd life in TV ads for those products.  Music industry has as much orginality as Hallmark has for for those made-for-TV Christmas movies.  Like there's 8 fill-in-the-blanks scripts for the creation of 30-50 Christmas movies for cable a year.
'Your only as good as how much stuff you have' - Hey Bill, how much stuff have you got? Your message may be right but a rich white guy is the last one who should be preaching about it... It just smacks of hypocrisy.
Liza Minelli and Joel Grey are calling from 1972, its like they did this Cabaret thing and performed a song that began with :  "Money makes the world go around The world go around The world go around Money makes the world go around It makes the world go 'round.  A mark, a yen, a buck or a pound A buck or a yen A buck or a pound. Is all that makes the world go around That clinking, clanking sound Can make the world go 'round  Money money money money Money money money money Money money money"
Says the guy worth 140 million
Kind of depressing.
"Money can't buy you happiness, but it can buy you a yacht big enough to pull up right alongside it" — David Lee Roth in the 1980s
Music hasn't been good since the 90s, and no kids, it's not because I'm old. Your music really does suck.
So basically, Conservatives were right about rap music and "gangster" culture ruining America. Nope, they're just racist, am I right?
Rap is mostly to blame though, Public Enemy never did this crap.   This depressing trend has been around for decades, so tedious.
SERIOUSLY
That woman’s over performative laugh is annoying.
I mean Bill Maher, you have your own money sins too, remember that time that you praised being able to fly private jets? It's capitalism era in it's worst angle ffs. it's no wonder the younger generation thinks money for grabbing with all parents telling to have money for surviving this shitty capital system.
Point Well Made, Mr. Maher  Makes me glad I'm listening to Classic Rock and Oldies as they have songs I can relate to.  Note: I'm 43.
I F ING LOVE BILL!!!! ❤
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂❤
Scathing as always.  Bill might need to beef up his security after this episode.
Bill not my kid!  She works for what she wants.  Old school style!
This is your best one yet Bill
There's plenty of great new artists making music not about this shit, but Spotify has decapitated the middle and lower class musician. You have to be able to go viral in order to make a living from music, and this lowest common denominator shit is exactly what it takes. The blame is on Spotify, the industry they're in cahoots with, and the consumer, as much as it is these artists. They made materialistic crap music in every decade.
Although Tina made the song “Proud Mary” her own, the “ people on the river, they’re happy to give” quote should attributed to John Fogerty
My only gripe is attributing "Proud Mary" to Tina Turner and not Fogerty or CCR.
If you don't own a home you shouldn't be able to have kids. Single moms are the biggest problem with the USA.
Long live alt rock
The record label is largely to blame.
Word.
The flip side is just as bad. If you say money doesn't matter you say be satisfied with your lot in life. It says you have no drive and ambition to improve yourself. Whatever your station in life, there is no desire to do better.   You sing those lyrics to convince your audience that your sentiment is the right one, while at the same time charging for your music, your concerts and your merch, and getting rich while doing so.  Well played, homie, well played indeed.
The More you own, the less you become. Possessions tend to own you.  Like chocolate, it satisfies you for a while, but makes you feel hollow later
Brilliant.  Just brilliantly said.  Thank you Bill.  Well done.
That category would leave out a LOT of hip hop.
Rolex on a Redneck - the Republican Congressman story.
I like how people with money & possessions like to tell others about how unimportant money & possessions are....gimme a fucking break  And for the most part, I like Bill Maher...but this just screams of old man saying "get off my lawn"...
Cool, I can cross off the "evil music is corrupting the youth" box on my Bill-ranting-about-the-kids bingo card.
My younger brother and I are retired boomers who were taught to be proud of holding jobs to achieve lasting independence, and we did.  This New Rule segment rocks!
Pink Floyd $
There is no popular music today that has any angst.If you want to become well known, it's all about pleasing the masses.. The only controversy allowed is the opinions of the   most. Most lyrics repeat a chorus 20 times, with hardly anything in between. The dream of an actually getting a message across is near impossible. No one will take a chance in these pitiful, cancel culture times. Come back to us Bob Dylan!
re - 2:30 The word "cheques" is misspelled there. Some wrote it as "checks," which strongly implies a lacking education, Unless, of course, we're going to pretend that her favourite action is to check the propriety of things...
I listen to metal, fuck that rap crap and teeny bop shit.
Billy boy,I no longer watch your program bc I feel like you’re giving me a lecture!& @ 80 I don’t need it! Lighten up,Billy boy!
Children took over the music industry and they competed to see who could out shock the next person. Something like what Bill does, out shock the next show host.
$kamye
Bill should stop making comments based on his selective memory. There have always been songs promoting materialism. The boycott he referenced by Sinead O'conner was in 1991.
Funny thing is Madonna always maintained that Material Girl was meant to be tongue-in-cheek and a social comment on 80s greed, and the video for the song went against the perceived straightforward meaning of the lyrics.
Mr. Maher is an angry old man nowadays! What happened to that funny man who made fun of religion?
Not all music is about materialistic things these days but I definitely understand there is a lot more than there use to be. Its been that way for about 20- 25 years now.
Bill Maher - never fucking change
Nice work, thanks Bill.
Nothing screams, "I got money", like donating $1 million dollars to a presidential campaign.
John Lennon: Imagine no possessions.  Also John Lennon: a customized Cadillac and an entire apartment at the Dakota hotel just for his fur coats.
Decent segment but this would have been way more relevant 10 years ago.
BS, He's just an old guy. "Get Off My Lawn". Face it, music is not written for old guys!!!!!!
All the artists that talk about real shit get snubbed. The Grammies will always be a huge circle jerk fest for a decaying industry.
"I haven't changed, the left has changed"  I'm right there with you bud. 1,000% all the way. Been there with you since day 1. I'm with you on weed, Trump, election deniers, woke nonsense. You name almost any issue and I'm probably with you on it.  "These generations after mine are the worst generations ever"  - no, I'm sorry. But your generation taught my generation (millenial) that money is power. Whether that be implicit or explicit, that's what we heard from you. And if money is "so unimportant" to your generation, how bout instead of selling the house you bought in 1998 for $115,000 for $470,000, why not sell it for $200,000? Yea. Thats what I thought.
90s rap was the shit white boy
I agree with Bill on many subjects, but this isnt one of them. This was an, "Ok, boomer" take on music.
Nancy Wilson once said rap is not music and I agreed and still agree. And 99% of them are not worth a penny. It's so very vulgar and low just like (so called) artists who rap them.
it's so gross and depressing I can't even laugh at it anymore -- it's ALL KARTRASH. Revolting. People think it's okay to sleep with a guy for a Birkin, I kid you not -- I have literally heard women talking about this far too often. It's just gross
Every generation sings about the things they don't have
It could be argued one of the principal factors that starting rotting the US from within was Robin Leach and "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" in the 80s.  It entered American homes and spent 30 minutes rubbing the average American's nose in the fact that THESE are the things you're NEVER going to have and here's why THESE people are better than you because of it."  It subliminally taught millions of Americans that you were a chump if you actually WORKED for a living.
The yuh yuh yuh huh huh loud carry across the room guy has been replaced by a woman with the same rhythm and yuh yuh huh huh but is it the same person and he  got  a sex change .
As a kid I never imagined the day would come when I'd hear Bill Maher speak and think He is speaking a' lot more truth and making much more sense than most of Congress, the President, most of the media, and a large percentage of society in general. But here we are, strange times we're living in indeed, and just to give you some context I'm a Trump Supporter and someone Bill Maher would probably label a "" White Christian Nationalist "".
There still some good music out there, but it's almost like we've reached the end of the plot arc.  The music of the 20th century rolled along steadily evolving and changing with the rapidly evolving Zeitgeist.  Somewhere around the turn of the millennium, we reached the end of history and all the music reached a saturation point where it ran out of fresh ideas and innovations.  Now it's all just a swirling cacophony of recycled rhythms, with a few stalwarts keeping their respective dying traditions alive.  Like everything in our world, it's become a boundless miasma of noise, noise, noise, wherein even the good stuff that's left gets drowned out by all the competing voices who all sound the same, who all follow the same clichés, all of it done to death.  There are no trends worth following anymore, because they've all become dumbed down to the lowest common denominator.  That is all.
Materialism in rap I can recall _before_ 1990, but let's not pretend rock'n roll didn't celebrate excess.  Also, limiting music to corny love songs is nothing to celebrate and is still done.    Lorde is best known for calling out 'Royals', the same thing as Bill, here and she gets slapped for 'being sad' because introspection or criticism of pop culture is bad?  I thought that's what you're doing.  Billie Eilish also takes on fakery and climate abuse but that would be preachy so she should do what now?  If they were singing about loafing and crapulence, you'd be whining about 'lazy Gen Z'ers' but when Jimmy Buffet does it...?  Also, I believe it was Eddie _Money_ who packed his bags for a Cheeseburger in Paradise.  Wait, I might've got that last part wrong.  😕🤔
One of the best new rules in a LONG time, Bill.
Can't stand all these ethereal sad voice songs these days that sound like the singer is dying or wants to die, with weak and affected voices and lyrics about how horrible life is. Please, enough with the avocado toast vocal stylings. It's just a pose anyway, another generation of privilege trying to differentiate itself. And maybe some real instruments played by, you know, actual musicians?
Fantastic!!!! As a piano teacher the amount of little spoiled douches that make their way into my office with songs they wanna learn about capitalism and being rich boggles My mind Now i realize why no one wants to work and instead just does social media and sells out to advertisers (and while i don't side with money grubbing whore corporations i wonder how far the working class will go)  and while i can't expect every kid to come in with bach handel haydn mozart beethoven etc or even some jazz standards or even rock pop or a Disney movie song but the amount of songs I've never heard of that have really bad messages makes me wonder what the music industry is doing!  They don't GAF about music or doing the right thing just money money money money money fkn money  IT'S A RICH MAN'S WORLD! -Abba🙈😇🎹🎶✌️
👏
the Monkeys were a big influence on The Beatles
Lip smack is getting out of hand
what does Bill Maher and Daily Wire have in common? both cry about Cardi B lyrics....
Billy Eilish's first song, "Bad Guy," seems like it's her only upbeat one and still my favorite
6:30 get a second idea and stop with the auto tune garbage.
4:05 John Fogerty wrote that not Tina Turner
Ok, so I hear what Bill (old man yells at clouds) is saying... But this is bullshit. This is no more pertinent than Elvis 'compromising chastity' or The Stones creating layabout punks, or Punk creating, well, punks, or Tipper fucking Gore censoring metal, or Ozzy making kids commit suicide, or - or -or... There's great music everywhere and popular culture helped create , ironically, Bills own beliefs. So ok boomer. Don't listen. I don't listen either but condemning it is ludicrous. This is bullshit.
Modern music is soft and weak.
Tickets to a shitty Bill Maher "comedy" show in Vegas go for about $200 a seat. This guy isn't funny AND he's completely full of shit😅
Just when I started thinking Maher had turned into a total dickhead, he cranks out 2 banger's "New Rules" i8n a row the past few weeks. Hope he keeps it up.
I don't listen to pop. I mainly listen to 3 genres. Deathcore, Harcore, Beatdown. We just call it death metal because the sub-genre argument is fucking stupid. It's still death metal. Second is RnB. People know me as a die-hard metalhead and live the lifestyle, but I can actually sing RnB, but can barely scream for shit. Third, oldies rap. Today's rap isn't real music. Music is defined as harmony, melody, and rhythm. Most rap does not cover all those bases. Especially the shit you hear nowadays.
Bill, you are a very good singer
Jesus, that woman in the background laughing so hard is obnoxious.
What's with all the sad sierreño
Amen
Ow Bill, just two songs about money? How about 1) The O’Jays - for the love of money  2) Hollywood Beyond - What’s the color of money  3) Liza Minelli - Money makes the world go around  And a penny for your thoughts, a nickel for a kiss, a dime if you tell me that you love me 🤷🏻‍♀️  Owww and 5) ABBA - money money money  💰🤷🏻‍♀️ more than 2 songs
Pop punk forever. Never does this nonsense.
Absolutely the best "New Rule"!
Great segment! Pink Floyd's "Money" would've fit right in!  When my fam was on Family Feud in the 80s,  my response to "Name a popular Beatles song" was "Money Can't Buy Me Love" (the #2 or #3 answer).
Because THAT is MERICA.. when you have every single person living a dream of wealth and show only the rich and powerful.. and a  guy like trump brags about not paying taxes and your house and senate are full of millionaires.. and you music channel shows Cribs.. and the real hosue wives of everywhere... etc all show wealth as the end all be all.... THIS is what you get ... your country glorifies wealth like a religion.... so yeah.. you reap what you sow ........ don't be pissed now..... or did we forget  Greed is Good.........
Lol. This is a boomer vid
Bill Maher quoting 3 6 Mafia is the perfect way to end my week
Material possessions aren’t a personality or even an idea.
The Lost Generation.  !
My integr8dsoul.  Lyrics like you loved. Promise
Only in America honey.
Did you pay that loud obnoxious laugher  in the background ? PLEASE, IT GETS OLD...But, I do like the show.
Jessica Tarlov 😍
What about millionario de amor by shaka vega.  That's about not having money but being happy.  Maybe not new though like 2012
What’s worse, having it or bragging that you have it? Bill Maher does both.
It is dramatically ironic for Bill to criticize our obsession with money when he has accumulated assets worth $140 million.
Why not change your name to Andy Rooney?
"Money" Pink Floyd, 1973 "Money, Money, Money" ABBA, 1976 "Money For Nothing" Dire Straints, 1985 there were different songs about money back then...
The philosophy of physicalism, that only empirical things truly exist, leads to a culture of materialism and consumerism. Bill, you have to take care of this problem first before the culture gets better, and your phobia of religion will not allow this
WELL SAID 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
The look at 2 minutes looks like “my daddy did a lot more to me than just seeing him in the shower” 😂
Since when did Bill care about love? He's completely open about not liking the idea of marriage or kids! This is one of those rants where he should watch it and think "damn, I'm a fucking poser like the people I'm talking about". It's easy to not care about money when you have it. Try not having it and barely getting by while inflation runs you dry and during the Democrats reign. I like Bill, but fuck you in this opinion.
💯👍👍
Bill, has turned into a dignified idiot… 🙄
Bill doesn't have kids so he has no experience being a parent only being a kid. It's a feeling some say love that only a father or mother can earn and cherish.
Modern music sucks in general, but I thought of two more old songs featuring materialism -- "Diamonds are Forever" and "Diamonds are a Girl's Best Friend."
Really? The Multi millionaire with a mansion, a writing staff, a condo, a 20 million dollar a year contract, designer suits, an island retreat and a $231,000 car is gonna lecture us about conspicuous consumption? Okay Boomer.
BILL MAY NOT BELIEVE IN JESUS BUT HE AND CHRIST BELIEVE MONEY IS THE ROOT OF EVIL AND YOU WILL ALWAYS BE A SLAVE TO IT
Is materialism new in music or pop culture?
I remember reading once that spending money on experiences (music concerts, travelling) leads to greater satisfaction than spending money on material stuff.
Well, here's the problem Bill; all the boomers from your generation who sang about how money, "Can't Buy me Love", or how they "Don't Have a pot", and how they "Didn't have to worry, cuz they had no money" VOTED FOR REAGAN IN DROVES IN THE 80s. Then, just to prove they hadn't learned a damn thing in 30 years, they got down on their knees and serviced their new orange ape-god. Just like the boomers and Gen X members who accuse the zoomers of being nothing but social media & cell phone addicts, CREATED ALL THAT SHIT! Oh and guess who profits the most from rap and modern pop music. Well gee golly wow, I do believe it's the boomers & Gen X members who control the music industry. But hey, that's free enterprise, right? That's as 'murican as apple pie, Christmas, county fairs, and not having universal health care. Bottom line, who are you gonna blame, the addicts or the dealers?
Tbf, "You're only as good as how much stuff you have" is the guiding ethic of this entire planet, not just 'Merica
"Money, it's a hit, don't give me that do goody-good bullshit"   Pink Floyd  1973
As much as I love your great New Rules 95% of the time Bill, this time I must...respectfully, but firmly...disagree. Unlike them (Bill, his audience, white hippies & yuppies) I grew up in the Globalist Great Reset where you own nothing and you're ordered to be happy. We called it the Communist Romania of Nicolae Ceausescu. We owned nothing and nobody was happy. Why shouldn't I sing, flaunt or fantasize about wealth? At 7:17 you had me busting a gut, Bill. Sexual assaults in the music industry is like bears crapping in the woods.
I ain't got no money - so I gotta watch Bill Maher for free on YouTube.
Lennon said imagine no possessions but he drove a Mercedes so there's that
Young money is a pariah in the music industry.
The man who never raised a single child in his life and flat out admitted he'd never wants to raise children at all all of a sudden has advice on how to raise your children
Dissing materialism as a multimillionaire is hypocritical, which is just one of Bill Maher's better traits.
Most of the old gen songs are about having fun, love, hope, dealing with heartbreak or a tragedy, etc. Some of them even dealt with serious issues like bullying, suicide and so on. They are deep, uplifting, dealt with emotions, and give us perspective. Sadly, the latest gen music except for a few rare good ones are about flaunting wealth, flaky, and shallow. They don't teach anything but just cater to their entitled fan bases.
Remember when Bill Maher needed a fake laugh track to fill his fragile smug ego during the pandemic. Let's not brag about money says the guy who did a bit on how much he loves his private jet. Every single show this guy gets worse
I want to be a brand ambassador
Oh Bill! This is just so good!!! I laughed and then I cried....
Did music stop being grossly misogynistic? That's news to me.
From an Aussie boomer 👍👍👍
….thus the store robberies…
Biden has tried to fix things and the R's sue him, that's what they do. So what? Trump's tax cuts for billionaires is going to make a Big Mac cheaper at McDonalds? Fire all of Congress, no just the R's since lies and conspiracies and trashing our country, destroying our relationships with our Allies and screwing our own military seems their only desire.
He’s 10+ years too late on most of these songs/artists he’s complaining about.
I hate today's pop music! NO writing talent in sight, I've been saying this for years too. There are some good independent artists with amazing writing skills and talents, but you gotta find them, not gonna hear them on your FM radio.
Right on the mark Bill.
I'm so glad I grew up not caring about luxury watches, jewelry, shiny bling and whatnot. I'd rather spend the money on my house or other actually useful items. I've never understood why someone would put the amount of money into things like that.
Wow, where are we headed? The best rapper in 2030 better be a pot of gold!
After my brother passed away I spent time listening to songs that reminded me of him. I could just feel myself getting angry and upset. I made a new rule. No sad music. I started listening to a lot of new stuff I never would have in the search for music that makes me tap my feet or dance which is why I feel in love with music in the first place. Great commentary Bill Maher. Well said.
You forgot Abba's money, money,  money or the O'jay's for the love of money
I love you Bill.
This started in the 80s with Glam Metal and living like a "Rock Star", then hip-hop took over when Glam Metal imploded. Gen X made it, Gen Z will too.
The crowd is definitely full of plants wow
WATCH YOUR CHILDREN BECAUSE PEOPLE ARE HUNTING THEM. 900,000 kids disappear every year in the USA.
Bill's contribution to the conversation these days is, "Get off my lawn!"
They call us boomers. I call them doomers.
Bill, your "sermon" about music and materialism, "Bling Theory", was SPOT ON! Thanks for pointing out the racial aspect, too, that people long denied access to material things, including basic needs like decent housing, would freak out and overcelebrate sudden riches.  I'm also glad that you pointed out that the music industry corrected itself about hostile sexist and homophobic lyrics.    Years ago, I made a mixtape about money for my niece, and surprisingly, listening to it, that turned out to be one of the most spiritual mixtapes that I had ever made.   I recreated and expanded that list here on YouTube.  I'll post the link if I can.
It's been a while, but I can agree with Billy on this
what is going on with his constant lip smacking when he begins to speak.  so fucking irritating.
He forgot about the O’Jays song… “Money, money, money, money!”
I wouldn’t be surprised if Gucci and other brands pay these people to write these songs, they pay to have their name in movies I’m sure they pay to have their names in songs. they keep pushing envy because envy gets people out there to work that second job to buy this junk
if only
"Imagine no possessions, I wonder if you can." And ten thousand rappers said we can't and we don't want to. "It's easy if you try."
I love New Rule but this is one of the weakest segments I can remember.  I assume Bill, or his writers, weren't listening to rap...say, 30 years ago?  And contrasting with...the Monkees?  This came off as pathetic, and very, very out of touch.  Go back to the 90s and listen to rap, Bill.  Nothing is new.
Bill your getting old
How to protect your child from this kind of message and not turn it in to the lamest person in school.
Chris Sununu sounds crazy, Biden's economy is killing it and the only reason we don't have an immigration plan is because of Trump. WTF? So pick a narcissistic sociopath that hates democracy?
Actually, Material girl is not about buying things or having someone buy you things… Its about how foolish men are when they try to buy your love with expensive gifts.
Ugh, always at least one irritating woman laughing. Lord help us 😖🫣
Puttin on the Ritz.  (What are a girl's best friend?)  Crazy kids and their rock and roll.
Give away all your money and possessions then, Bill.  It's hard to live in a capitalist society that doesn't pay a real living wage to most.  Is it a surprise that singers who may have grown up poor covet money?  I wouldn't necessarily blame them.  It's the society we created.
Idk what to tell you, we're a consumerist culture. Honestly don't think any of this is new, even back in the late 90's early 2000's hip hop was mostly about flaunting wealth, conspicuous consumption, etc.... It's a shallow, lazy, perspective that's really easy to sell to people and easy to profit from.
WSMFP & BMFS!!! There's a whole world of great live music, that's not geared towards 13 year olds, the media just doesn't push it down our throats.
Bill only listens to “I Smoke 2 joints”
We don’t want to go back to the 50’s and 60’s . We want to go back to the innocence. Most  music today is disgusting. And I truly believe the internet will be the last of us.
What's with Bill smacking his lips every 30 seconds?
Rappers are less educated and tattoos are for idiots
lyrics corrupting our youth - is this Tipper Gore speaking?
Easier to say than do, Bill's Beverly Hills mansion is valued at $40M  https://www.google.com/search?q=value+of+Bill+Maher%27s+house&gs_ivs=1#tts=0
Well said. However, in fairness, there are musics (especially black music) that are socially conscious but you’d never hear those on the radio. It’s really an American culture thing, this idea of materialism.
Maher throwing the “old man yells at cloud” vibes
This is the most "old guy" Bill has ever sounded. 😂
a very old man's opinions. indeed.
The worst studio audience in television history
The only thing Bill won’t admit to or tell you on his show is (((who))) is funding these songs and this culture. Look up Max Martin and Dr. Luke.
If You've Got the Money, I've Got the Time-  Lefty Frizell (1950)
This is capitalism 101….  Our monetary system dictates money or more important than anything else.  That IS American society.
Back in my day we sang songs about cocaine!
I was raised by Alice in Chains and Tool.
Well Bill did have a Porsche and a beach house in Malibu.
I grew up with Kenny & Jim in the Ojai / Santa Barbara hills (L&M ranch and Rose Valley ftw). Bill is so spot on with this segment it almost makes me want to get back into recording again. Just have to compete with AI now ... a war I don't think we homo sapiens will win.
This one is a rare total miss for me.  The music these days is not nearly as bad as the music from my youth, and kids are getting a vanishingly small amount of culture from modern music these days.  In fact, much of the music from the last 60 years is still popular with a significant portion of teenagers.  Source: my kids.
Nothing like a millionaire telling people that money isn’t so important
There's a fkin reason why I love Coldplay and always listen to oldies.. All the new gen music is beyond crap except for a few rare ones here and there. I really can't stress enough how bad it is to have role models like Nicky Minaj, Cardi B etc.,😑
It's not just today's music that's all about materialism, take a look at the mega churches. Pastors that need to live in mansions, with fleets of private jets and fancy cars. Greed is all around, and the religious leaders of today condone it.
What do you know Bill Maher actually said something that made sense!!! He must be cutting down on the dope smoking
Boomer
Can't buy me love
This is why you should listen to metal
Never ceases to amaze me how Bill will constantly go off on the youth with one hand while screaming about ageism that the youth have towards old people on the other.
Redneck with a rolex?  Is that a waste of a perfectly good rolex - or - a waste of a perfectly good redneck?
The Dire Straits disagree, Bill.
"Spot on he's abaus the indastrjs' social sexual assaultrs habit; jast rever nein further than (Ian Malcolm) Jose "Jeff Epstoon Goldblum" Menendez."
Dear Bill, these product references are sponsored content. Record companies are substituting lost revenues, mainly due to the pitiful royalties that Spotify pays.
It's funny because he's a boomer but also a millionaire who complains kids don't want to work anymore.  There's no way he wrote this.
1:58 --- *oh! yeah ! .. SHE SAW her dad*
You seem to have forgotten a bunch of very materialistic hits from the past. Small hints: "Diamonds are a girl's best friend", "Fun, fun, fun 'til my daddy takes the T-Bird away", "Blue suede shoes", "No Money Down". You may add some more.
It is really telling how Bill Maher can't understand why people who grew up in a materialistic capitalist world, where the overall goal is to make money, are singing songs about money.
The last 15 years of popular music makes SOAD’s “banana banana banana, banana terracotta, banana terracotta, terracotta pie” sound like the forbidden hyper dimensional knowledge of the ancients.
Stop smacking
Just wanted to comment on three things. One, maybe Taylor Swift can't get Biden re elected  but she can push her swifties to not stay at home and not vote. Two,  all the new music is about being " Players" , but not about having any GAME. That is why none of them have any real girlfriends or boyfriends and are getting laid in the real world. That is why all the young guys and girls are so angry and stressed out. Three, the reason 50% of America loves Trump is because he gives them permission to be bad, much like a weekend Dad that lets' them eat ice cream for breakfast. Nothing more than that.....    Reply
Bring back the days of enlightened hip hop a la Common, Mos Def, Talib !
Don't forget all female singers' favorite genre of song... the man hater song
new car, caviar, 4 star daydream, think i'l,l buy me a football team.  it's never changed bill.
My experience with youth is quite the opposite. Many of them are into minimal possessions because they're anti-capitalist, want to travel more easily, etc. So the songs don't seem to be having the effect suggested. And we know that the ultimate song about money came from the 1960s via the 1980s: Spinal Tap's Gimme Some Money.
Sadcore is way better
The Grammys don't mean shit to me. I listen to DEATH METAL and nothing else.🤘👹💀👹🤘
“Money” Pink Floyd
Don't be so literal you big prudie
Peace Sells (But Who's Buying?) - Megadeth
Maher turning more and more into an “Old Man Yells at Cloud” every day
Yup is the parents that baby their children too much
Dammit why can’t I put more the one like
The problem with sophisticated social concepts in song lyrics is that today's people are too dumb to understand them.   Money and getting laid is about as simple as the average person can manage.
Good riff. Actually, deep and sad.
Nailed it today!   The Religion of Money is On and Many Americans Still Think GOLDEN TOILET DONNIE THE ORANGE PIG is a role model.
Come on.. If you think that the boomer generation wasn't and is not obsessed with making money and controlling things then you are kidding yourself. It's horrible to see those that were peace loving hippies, concerned with the planet and nature, all owning companies that have exploited their so called lofty ideals for profit, ravaged the planets resources and are more conservative, racist and religiously intolerant than any other generation. Wake up to yourself Bill.
My proposed alternative: Kotoba Ni Dekinai. In its Sonic X context. The grandiose culmination of a 10 hour fantasy metaphor for money’s limitations in buying happiness.
I've always loved music since I was a kid, but my favorite songs were never about materialism. My favorite songs were about peace and hope for a better future. I also love country music more than pop music because the lyrics always tell a good story. Of course, I'm thinking back to the '90s music like Shania Twain, Paul Brandt, Garth Brooks or the 2000s music like Carrie Underwood and Lainey Wilson. Pop music is mostly love songs and while those are fun, I don't feel that most of those songs will stand the test of time. How we got from Buddy Holly and the Beatles lyrics to Kanye's lyrics is so sad in today's society. Honestly, I don't feel like today's music in the 2020s is all that good. Most songs lack a message.
I fuckin love Bill, he is the BOSS!
Says the guy with the 200 million dollar net worth
Bill is only a hundred odd years out of date - Read "The Theory of the Leisure Class" by Thorsten Veblen from 1899.  Or maybe this segment was copied from Veblen's classic book.
What's all the fucking clapping.. let the dude speak..clap when dudes done.😂
I can't stand cardi b. She's a talentless, class-less, foul-mouthed, sorry excuse for anything.
This isn't a new phenomena it's just capitalism being normal. I remember the eighties and greed is good, it's the reason why we live in a throw away society.
When John Lennon released Imagine, he had a net worth of several hundred million. Hypocrisy at its finest.
If you’re trying to make a point about today’s music .. quoting a lesser known song from Lady Gaga (“Money Honey”) from 2008 isn’t the best example.
Part of the social design. Done on purpose.
Oh yeah?  What do you do with all your hard earned cash?    Hmmm.   Bill, didn't you say on one of your prior shows that "you don't fly commercial? "     I guess you got it, right?  So good of you to point out crap that most of of us don't give a crap about.
The theme to the Apprentice was "For the Love of Money."
Yeah, money is a central feature in rap. Who cares?
Capitalism is how much stuff you have
"Vomiting an inventory of your possessions doesn't make you a POET" 😂
Tomorrow is 99
I’m a slightly younger urban, boomer than Bill, but struggled, so i can relate. He showed Sonny and Cher but missed ‘Babe, I got you Babe’
2:40 I never heard of those "country" artist. I thought "country music" die a long ago
Bill loves 💰 thou
More inane bitching about Gen Z, Bill's hobby horse. It's deranged that Bill thinks they're the problem with America, especially because he's never even met one. They are absolutely no more entitled that his generation, and maybe less so. Bill's generation expected to get a job in whatever field they wanted, even without a college degree. Gen Z doesn't expect a living wage even with a college degree. Both expectations are correct.
Right on the money with this one bill.
Old white guys complaining about kids music. No mention of Beatles, Pink Floyd or Dire Straits (just a couple of popular ones)? Get off my grass!
I got a thing for Jessica. She's gorgeous. Great content Bill, always.
John Lennon singing “Imagine no possessions” is hilariously ironic.
Why can’t Bill finish a sentence without being interrupted by idiots applauding? I can see the frustration in his eyes. Why is it so necessary to waste five seconds applauding his mention of “Material Girl”?
so says the gut that gave $ 2 million dollars  to 2 different campaigns that didn't work out to well.
That’s why I listen to Billy Strings
well that was hard to watch
Bill’s audience can’t wait to clap for literally anything. They have to be held back.
I've been beating this drum for a long time now. I'm glad someone with a voice is on board now
The ability of Mr. Maher to get an important point across and making It funny, is what keep him fresh.  I have listened to this man for a very long time. I have laughed and learned from. Thanks Mr, Maher.
No class Kanye and his “music”, which sounds like a goat being molested in a cement mixer.
😹
"Indeed, the lyrics of mj jouth; inchluuding "saem religion that saews, damns jou". From vhat "pop" song ist that?"
I’m so glad bill sheds light on these issues, keep it coming!
The funny thing is , there's a lot of new music that's great and uplifting, but no one wants to make those artists popular.
For the love of money is the root of all evil Timothy 6:10
Bill is a rich asshole out of touch who has to worry about nothin a normal paycheck to paycheck worker will ever have to and the reason people dream about wealth is cause they dream about makin it out of the sturggle bill hasnt seen for prbably half a century. Hes gets to sit on hbo every week and yell at clouds about what he thinks the problems are even though he is part of the problem
Nice tie ❤
Diamonds are a girls best friend
I had no idea it was that bad - but I stopped listening to current music in the late 90s.  No surprise though.  I don't think younger people see love as a big deal now - not as big as owning a Mercedes anyway.  So why sing about that?  I feel sorry for all the generations that came after boomers.  You have no idea how it can be.
"My Maserati does 185..." Oops, looks like there were three songs.
6:05  Boomers are the ones making all the money off this BS.
damn, sucks to see Bill Maher turn into the same old boomers whinging about the young people and their new-fangled music like the old people from his generation. i pray to god i don't lose perspective with age like this. how many times are we going to do this over and over and pretend that music or movies or television 'corrupts the youth'? cmon now
Diamonds are a girls best friend.
Not sure about you...but I'm pretty sure ABBA also had a "Money, Money, Money....must be funny...in a rich man's world!" song.  So there were definitely more than just 2.
BTS will win this category each time then💜
Love Bill, but this reeks of being out of touch. There are a lot of artists that talk about things other than materialism. Bill’s obsession with Gen Z is rotting his brain.
Literally shut off the video. Can’t hear another second of that idiot fake laugh
Art has been an expression of the social psyche since the time the first caveman scribbled on his walls. If the songs now are depicting greed and materialism as aspired standards, it's because that is what the society deems as worthy pursuits. It has nothing to do with kids or kids' music. You cant hold kids responsible for the society us grownups create.
😂😂😂
Bill and his team stay real on all political and cultural issues. Well done!
Greed worship is cool.
I'm comment #4..  Not bragging I'm buying s*** just going to the store.
“My money like Lizzo, my pockets are fat.”
Thirst.
I love where you're coming from with this one Bill and music stars do play a massive role when it comes to raising teenagers but the ride or die mindset of Boomers is: Whoever dies with the most stuff wins.
Translation: I'm old and I don't like it.
First
