Yes better we fordey blue
Why is this multi millionaire landlord pretending he is just a farmer?
Enjoyed
Interesting and informative. Dealing with the unpredictable weather must be difficult enough without unpredictable bureaucracy weighing in and adding to your problems. Let’s hope sanity prevails.
Harry's lake  He moves on!!
Mr Metcalfe,  Thank you again.  I hope you realise how important your farming programmes (I am a great fan of your motor car ones too) really are! Your good work might help to protect the people of the British Isles from hunger. We really do need some  consideration for food security. Somebody needs to think about fuel for humans for a change!!
Could you give us your views on glyphosate resistant crops and the health dangers?  According to the International Agency of Research for Cancer (IARC) Glyphosate is said to be carcinogenic causing cancers & tumours in humans. It is already banned in Europe & now many Councils are choosing against using Glyphosate in public places
Dear Harry Metcalfe  I follow Harry´Garage, but also with great interest Harry´s farm. I think both channels are serious and very well produced. I myself am a trained farmer and former Danish milk producer. I very much agree with your considerations about steak production in the UK. In some ways, your considerations also fit into Danish steak production. I have a small but important question regarding Harry's Garage. Where is your fine Actic Rolls?  Once again, many thanks for your youtube channels.  Merry Christmas and Happy New Year from Ole Arnbak West Jutland, Denmark.
You forgot the Crop Sprayer  you used.Harry
well done to the British farmers , how could we the British public support you more , didn't know a thing about Red tractor
Moan moan moan. Lives out in the countryside in a massive mansion, breathes fresh clean air every day, owns lavish and luxurious cars and all he does is complain. Typical not so hard done by farmer, tight as a ducks ar5e when it comes to paying tradesmen if he pays them at all.
Glyphosate is killing the British country side and the people. No birds , no insects, crippled soil , crippled gut health. All connected. Absolutely not Organic farming.
Fair trade is the same! Only 20% needs to be Fairtrade origin to call it Fair Trade!  It was reduced from 50% a few years ago.
Just driven through the vast openness North of Adelaide in South Australia,every vast field is wheat. Do they not do crop rotation in these vast open fields! British farmers can’t compete!
Didn't realise that red tractor was linked to everything. I do try to buy redtractor meat etc. when I'm given the choice but I didn't realise it was also part of bulk wheat etc. too crazy that it's not a premium. Good luck with everything!
Did I hear him mention glyphosate?
Warmer wetter winters is what we've been promised. We really are  not in a very good place imo.. Not trying to be clever in any way just terrified of what's coming our way.
Wait until you bankers insist on green credentials, a green house gas emissions number etc … or they will charge a higher interest rate or tell you to look elsewhere for finance  It’s coming !
Red Tractor has had it's day in my opinion..........farmers ......don't pay your yearly subscription  and then Red Tractor will be finished.......it only survives by farmers paying there yearly subscription
I find this video slightly hypocritical. You cover winter wheat planting which is a practice known to cause significant soil erosion, and flash flooding, directly leading silting of our rivers and flooding. Then complin about flooding and the absence of dredging, then criticise green initiatives designed to reduce soil loss, retain water on the land and stop flooding. If everyone farmed more sustainably, wouldn't you have a river sytems less prone to flooding and river silting? 🧁🍴
Over compliance for no reason, good on the farmers standing up to this rubbish
This is a war on agriculture by the World Economic Forum. Just check their website they actively advertise the fact. Zey vont uz to eat ze bugs instead.
Read "DIRT TO SOIL by GABE BROWN". You NEED multiple cover crops to build up the soil Harry and water carrying capacity Harry.
"2023 is a very peculiar year for farmers..." Harry, the last couple of years have been very peculiar for everyone! Very peculiar indeed.
Stop feeding these apparachiks with their compliance and double standards.  Let them learn how to grow their own food (or program).
People let down by government? What a surprise
Industrial farming at its worst !!!
Highly suspicious in view of the narrative, you cannot, just cannot rule out anything the way things are.
Harry you have triggered the Gammons going by the ignorant comments below.
As the Government cuts its subsidies to farmers for growing food so it will learn that if it doesn't pay the piper the going rate, it won't be able to call the tune like it used to in the days of CAP.
Do you grow Sugar Beet? Did you hear British Sugars offer? Unbelievable!
The river Gipping near me in Suffolk has not been  cleared  for 40 years.  It use to be dregged every 10 years. Houses have  been flooded that have never been flooded before.   Since the E A took over there has been no maintenance on the water ways .
Did you get someone in to deal with that big herd of deer Harry?   I learnt this week that America has to deal with millions of wild Hogs each year apparently they destroy crops and dig up so much ground.   It makes our pests look easy to eliminate.  They have contracted blokes that trap 24/7.
If I wanted to create a food crisis and have more control of humans I’d probably spend months seeding clouds to give constant rain to the farmers whilst simultaneously not maintaining basic drainage and anti flood practices. That would give me a really solid foundation to bring about the famines in the west that the conspiracy theorists are predicting. Just a thought.
As a UK consumer, I felt proud of Red Tractor and our superior standards but had no idea what hogwash it was in terms of ingredients being mixed with non-compliant imports. I desperately want our government to help our UK farmers: a degree of re-localisation (to reduce food miles, promote the rural economy etc) seems to me essential to any environmental agenda. If only the government would listen...
Every one who produces  anything has to pay a licence to people who produce Nothing !  now its getting producers have to pay a small army of none producers who do we need!?
Sounds a bit like Basil talking to Lord Mebury about the wheat.
Thanks for the update, Harry. Maybe consumers would rebel against red tractor if they realised the disadvantages it imposes on UK farming.
we have had 15mm in five months poor you lol
Looks like Rice plantation in the UK
Dig a fishing lake in that wet patch. Income from a successful fishery is not to be scoffed at. I’ll design and project manage it for you.
The same issue the farmers here in germany fight with, struggleing with all these government  papers, we are fed up as well.
Harry…thank you again for the insight on farming conditions and for explaining the Red Tractor scheme and how flawed it really is. You surely deserve some Government job to tell the people now in charge, just how stupid they are…words of one syllable are needed! Good luck in the Winter which might be a cold one as we have escaped that for many years recently.🤔🤔😬😬😬🙂🙂🙂🙂
What an absolute joke, our government should be ashamed. Credit to all the UK farmers out there for taking a stand, with all the challenges out there that put so much pressure on their livelihoods, and now the government wants to add yet another layer of utterly pointless bureaucracy. It's easy for us to tell the farmers to 'keep fighting' etc, but it must be incredibly difficult and sole destroying to wake up to yet more sh*te from our 'amazing' (read clueless, idiotic time wasters) leaders in Parliament. Let's hope the NFU can overturn some of this rubbish and make ground with helping the UK's farmers.
Have a look at Ben crosthwaits farm Western Australia
How far are behind the times with direct drilling crops in ground
Weren’t you moaning about drought a couple months back🤣
if you're going the direct drill route then for God's sake slug bait slug bait slug bait!!
Another scheme with good intentions that is high jacked by idiot bureaucrats
Harry, is it possible to cut channels to drain the fields.
Oh it’s too wet, oh it’s too dry, oh it’s too hot, oh it’s too cold…….oh please give us poor farmers more grants and subsidies.
'Red Tractor'? Sounds  communist, to me.
To put simply, we live in an age of total government and bureaucratic failure.
Weather modification, and its on a gobal scale. Mexico seems to have freed themselves from the practise
Very well said at them end Harry. Respect ✊
I'm surprised they didn't rebrand to Pink Tractor if they're pandering to the latest fad to keep men in dresses happy!
Farmers have a lot to deal with but imo flooding isn't something that has been 'done to them', other than the weather doing it. Where there is real flooding, very often those areas are literally flood plains and would have been known to be places that flooded to protect dwellings and people's lives, in the past when we didn't build on perfectly good farming land to build 1000's of houses. I do still feel awful for those farmers affected by the flooding though, it's a horrible thing to see your livelihood under water. Climate change doesn't give us any hints that it will ease the situation either!  The Red Tractor debate is another example of government siding with big business against our farmers and I really hope they win this one. It seems unlikely though, sadly!
Hi Harry,  a very different question.... what's your view on horse and hounds crossing your fields/crops? Would you allow a hunt on your land?
Red Tractor Scbeme sounds as  if its well thought through (Cough) ....by the retailers marketeers.   SOP for HMG, cow-tow to tbe biggest vested interest.  On tbe field drainage/innundation thing, one wonders whether farmers could take a leaf (Sorry!)  out of the market gardeners  book and have a synchronised but deferred planting-out system for the parts of tbe most  badly drained fields. The system offered by  re-locatable sports playing surfaces come to mind. Big capital spend but, on scale maybe it would work on a contigency basis.   Also, is there not some way of protecting certain badly drained fields from the full effect of direct rainfall and run-off from other areas by again hijacking some of tbe techniques used by market gardeners e.g temporary  poly tunnels, overlaying soil surface with absorbent materials such as sacking,   creating a venturi effect in tbe air  next to tbe soil to speed drying-out of the soil,  breaking the track continuity of the furrows with shallow drainage channels which follow the lie of the land
Farmers always bitch about the weather. I still love them!
Lots of comments about farmers standing up to bureaucrats and politicians, but everyone seems to ignore that the largest group that vote for the Tories en masse are farmers. They have done everything they can over the years to pay their farm labourers as little as possible and prevent unionisation of those workers. All the time that the agricultural areas continue to vote for Conservative governments then those governments will treat them like dirt. You get what you vote for. I spent 10 years working in agriculture in Worcestershire in the 1980s into the early 90s and saw first hand how underpaid farm labourers were, how hostile farmers and landowners were towards the Labour party and saw how successive Conservative governments shat on those that had elected them.
A stupid question - but someone sells you dodgy cattle feed and they created red tractor to make farmers more compliant? 😂
Well  said  Harry  I  wish  they  had  someone  like  you  in  the  N.F.U. to  stand  up  for  British  farming, sadly  they  lost  their  way  along  time  ago  that’s  why  we  pulled  out  and  I’m  not  sorry, Red  Tractor  must  be  a  complete  embarrassment  to  them  as  it  was  the  NFU  who  were  one  of  the  major  drivers  to  set  it  up. Now  look  at  it  RT  have  been  in  talks  with  the  B.R.C.  and  the  NFU  didn’t  know  a  thing  about  it,  and  they  say  they  represent  British  farming  absolute  nonsense.  I  bet  there’s  not  a  farmer  or  grower  in  this  country that  doesn’t  get  completely  stressed  when  the  RT audit  is  due,  what  does  the  NFU  do  about  it!!  nothing  they  just  leave  it  up  to  the  F.C.N. to  pick up  the  pieces,and  what  for  only  2%  of  food  and  drink  that’s  purchased  is  clearly  marked  with  the RT  logo  on  the  label,  what  happens  to  the  other  98%,  does  it  stay  on  the  shelves !! no  way. Keep  up  the  good  work  you  do  for  us.  Thank  you  Harry.
Thanks for the catch up. Hope it dries up for you mate
I learn more from one of the Harry's Farm short videos than you will from a whole episode of the BBC's "flagship rural affairs programme"! Informative and put into language a layman can understand ; Good stuff!
Farmers who don't go green should be penalised. If climate change is not halted then they won't have a farm to farm.  I'm one of those shoppers who avoid the cheapest products on the shelves and go for the quality local and organic if possible, using local shops and farmers markets, never buying too much at once and try for zero waste, the trimmings on meat, all of an animal can often be eaten or used, and veg can often be used, only if they can't do they end up in the compost bin.  If out of season then frozen is an option.  A monthly supermarket delivery of cleaning, hygiene products and stuff not available locally, greener and cheaper than me driving the 20+ mile to it and then back in a late 60's thirsty V8 beast.
I don't blame the farmers one bit for rebelling against yet more red tape. I just wish they did it more often. I also wish that motor vehicle drivers would rebel en-masse against these ULEZ rules, paying to enter cities,  and the ridiculously low speed limits imposed upon them by self-serving career-politicians who have no concept of what it's like for people in the real world. The more that people stand up and say "no, enough is enough" the sooner the suits in power will have to sit up and take full and proper notice of them.
To me it looks like they are doing everything to dis-incentivise growing.
A thought I have. It is a fact that the weather can be manipulated. Funny how it rained so heavy during harvest period and winter planting period. Could this be government interference in order to deplete food and therefore control supplies?
Horticulture has the same thing at the moment, DEFRA are implementing a ban on Peat based growing mediums, meanwhile they have admitted that they are likely to let anyone in the EU import their products into the UK market all grown in traditionally Peat based compost. Madness.
If your had ploughed that field would it been bettter
The agencies that controls your industry Harry are just so out of their depth on almost every aspect, it is laughable, I fully expect there to be tractors and combine harvesters blocking the streets, but as you all work so hard, I reckon they are banking on you not having the time to do it... Viva the revolution...
Does the Red Tractor 'mixing with non-compliant imported product' apply to things other than grain? Is Red Tractor compliant British beef, for instance, being mixed with (garbage-fed and hormone-treated?) imported stuff?  I can only afford the occasional tin of sardines these days and gave up all 'proper' meat more than a decade ago, but people who do buy meat - whether it's as traditional joints and cuts or ghastly mechanically-recovered pink goo - deserve to be told how it's been sourced.
Global warming in action. More heat energy into the system leads to more evaporation, equals more rain. Also greater isobaric pressure differences lead to higher high pressure systems and lower lows, leading to higher winds. Finally, the jet stream has changed it's course due to the temperature difference between the equator and pole decreasing. Simply put, weather is the  way energy is equilibrated throughout the world as a system. The climatologists predicted these changes to weather patterns.
I don't think farmers have realistic expectations regarding flooding. As it says in the newspaper clip you posted, 50+% of the best farmland is in floodplains. It's literally impossible to prevent all flooding in a floodplain, best you can do is reduce it a bit or more commonly push it downstream onto someone else (levees).  'River maintenance', which i presume means dredging mostly, makes extremely little difference: a tiny bit more storage, water might flow a tiny bit faster for a little while, that's all. Unfortunately with climate change causing ever more extreme rainfall, like we've had recently, it looks like the situation will only be getting worse.   Excuse the long winded comment.
More power to you, Harry. It's the time of harvest festivals and great bounty from the land. Thanks for your massive contribution.
Red Tractor = Communist?
I wasn’t aware that the red tractor compliant UK farmers were having their produce mixed with any old toss imported from around the world. Makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. A farmers rebellion is both unsurprising and well overdue
Sustainability and wokeism gone mad by some Karen
Time to plant rice?
Glyphosate!!! Safe and effective????? FFS!!!
Interesting again Harry. The view from the field without the drama and anger that can disguise the simple facts. Thanks for posting.
I encourage you to get a microscope or such service to monitor soil biology as the years go on.
I am not sure what, how or where I can help as a consumer except ill always promise to buy British.  Typical white collar workers getting involved in the politics of farming without probably never having any experience of actual farming themselves.... I wish you and all farmers the very best and hope someone has The balls to make a decision that actually helps you all.  Ill look at red tractor in a different light now.
I’ve got a tissue ready for this one 😂
Thanks for video and info very good all best from north of Inverness 😊
Get rid of the environment agency the money saved should go to the farmers !,  they will do the job better than the desk jockeys.
Yes, Harry. Our farmers have so many restrictions and rules to follow,  whilst our overseas competitors have none. Therefore,  lower production costs and probably a slightly inferior product.  All mixed with our home produced cereals/osr etc. which is then labelled as  British .
Good to hear that British Farmers are standing up and saying enough, is enough 👏👏 It has to be the same rules for all…
Harry,  Great video as usual. I always look forward to your POV on farming matters.  Regarding the red tractor rebellion, I was amused to see the still taken in your video (13m24s) showing page 6 of FW  "Industry split over future of Red Tractor". However, the irony that on the bottom LH column of page 7 is an issue of a supplier passing off "free range chicken". This is an example of why Red Tractor traceability needs to exist to drive up quality in the food industry. In turn it should cause Red Tractor approved food stuffs to command a better price for those who want it. Maybe not the bottom line consumers but certainly where you want to market all your menu as Red Tractor produce.   Please keep posting.
Lincolnshire voted Tory, Tories cut EA funding. They got what they voted for
Another interesting video Harry. As contractors we haven't turned a wheel in almost 3 weeks, paying salaries but no furlough scheme for the weather. The weather regularly creates a type of lockdown for agri related business. Hopefully there will be some unity on the RT debacle going forward. Good explanation of what RT is all about for your non farming viewers too.
I'm sure that I'm not the only one who feels that the Red/Green tractor scheme puts our own farmers at a distinct disadvantage. Come on NFU, the public is likely to be on your side, so long as they have the issue explained as clearly as it was by Harry in this video.
thoughts on the glyphosate lawsuit result?
The national flooding problems and the lack of any government willingness to do anything about it has become the norm. The cuts to spending has gone through all the countries systems, social, retention by enough pay, education, hospital, and now water course maintenance. I doubt there is anyone in this government that has the skills to understand how to run a country, but they think mistakenly they have the answers.
government is not moving quick enough on climate change
Your farm has been farmed to death.... You need to give that land a multi year "sabbatical".....  I'd be surprised if there's any nutritional value in that wheat.....
Cheers Harry, thanks for the fab update, keep well.
We're very moist in Suffolk. We have huge puddles in fields that have never had puddles in before and they're not draining 🤦‍♂️
The greening on the Red Tractor is a classic case of remit creep to tick green boxes. "Oh, this sounds like a good idea"....Red Tractor needs to have a major rethink and go back to being a "Kite Mark" for animal welfare standards, industry standards with regard to storing chemicals, medicine, any waste, and produce etc  in line with regulations.
Red tractor is just another scheme created by someone who couldn’t succeed in business and have convinced companies this is a direly needed “quality assurance “ requirement.     This is just another “ jobs worth” scheme that makes the UK a struggling country
It's really great to hear that the farmers are standing up to the bureaucratic dictators that call themselves the WEF, they are causing so much grief all over the world it's about time they werekicked into touch. Bravo British Farmers. Now, what can we do about the poor Dutch guys.
Great video as usual, Harry. Farming yet another industry uk government wants to ruin along with uk haulage industry and London taxis. Well done for all sticking together over the red tractor nonsense
Thankyou for the report.
Parliament is trashing Britain for some unknown reason!  Farmland being forced to be unproductive, streets being filled with marauding mobs, police not turning up to crimes, thieves being let off by courts, politicians ignoring problems of their constituencies, financial businesses being taxed so they don't invest in British companies, self-employed regulated so entrepreneurs don't bother any more, and so it goes on.
Crops looking  great
Not just farmers rebelling we have all got to support each other and say NO to the Government
Thank you, it's interesting to hear what it's like in the UK. We've had alot of rain also in Sweden since mid July, and it just keeps going with no end to it. Fortunately we aren't affected the worst but its the wettest year for a very long time. I'm sorry for all the administrative burden being piled on. We see this in the dairy industry too..
Harry old son…… you have not factored in the effects of the Tongan volcano that erupted in January 2022 into your farming system!!!! That volcano put 58,000 Olympic sized swimming pools of water into the atmosphere!!! It went 60 kilometres into the atmosphere nearly into space!!!  And all that water has to return to the planet!!! February 2022 Queenzland and NSW got badly flooded!!! New Zealand has been smashed by torrential rain for the last year!!! The Tongan volcano was one of the most powerful eruptions mankind has ever witnessed!!! Volcanic eruption are the greatest threat to climate change!!! It was once thought that the planet had 2000 volcanoes… 500 on the land and the balance under the oceans!!! Modern thinking is that there are still 500 volcanoes on the land…. But 20,000 under the sea!!!! And guess what we don’t monitor the volcanos under the sea!!!! Global warming is a Ponzi scheme!!! The sun and volcanic eruptions plus tectonic plate movements control what is happening on earth!!!! Zero carbon is a total con!!!!!  Plants need carbon to survive and create photosynthesis….. which produces oxygen!!!! And who needs oxygen???? Every living thing on the planet!!!!  Green piece are mad!!!! I rest my case!!!!  Best wishes   Ian Scorey 👨‍🎤🇳🇿👍
keep'm coming Harry 😊 excellent fodder
Big Brother is watching the farmers. Farmers aren't his own boss anymore. The government is. If you tell them how many trees there are on the farm you will be forbidden too sawed them down in the future. Very sad.
Thank you Harry for explaining the output from the Red Tractor Quango, while standing in the rice paddy. Perhaps those 10 acres can be classed as extra 'wilding' when adding up at the end of the year?
It's interesting that there is little discussion about last year's Hunga Tonga-Hunga eruption.  It added anywhere between 50-146 million tons of water to the stratosphere (+ 5-10%) - this will warm the planet, but of course, I've not been able find out by how much - it's not CO2 😂. This will only be temporary, what goes up must come down, and it seems to have come down on Harry's Farm 😂.
Fascinating up-date from your farm Harry.  Red Tractor issue seems yet another example of appalling government mis-management and wokery.  Good to hear that the farming community are in revolt!
Thank you so much for helping me understand the issues from the arable farmers' experiences and points of view along with the evidence you present from your own situation. Also thank you for sharing your experiments with new methods of farming; always fascinating to me. You are so articulate, cogent and clear.
The fields local to us (Central Beds) don't seem to have suffered too badly. It's a moot point as they are about to be carpet bombed with yet another housing development :(
Maybe a spot of subsoiling might be in order? 🤔
It's almost as if the Government want our UK Farmers to fail...or...just give up? When the food shortages begin, the Government will wish they hadn't pushed Farmers to the brink and beyond.
I hope its a French style rebellion Harry. Otherwise it will be brought in in the spring when farmers are to busy to protest due to sowing, planting, calving lambing etc.
Unbelievable, how anyone wants to farm under all this bureaucratic is beyond me. Thank God some do.
Thanks Harry - you bring home to viewers the issues we all face
Just tell them Harry you can’t eat trees
Surely Brexit meant we stopped importing cheap unregulated products from Johnny Foreigner now we've took control of our Great British borders ?
Thanks Harry - a brilliant watch.
Unfortunately most of the organisations like Red tractor and the environment agency have been infiltrated by eco zealots.  I'm glad the farmers are taking a stand.
Harry they are trying to shut down farming, control the food control the people
I thought it was NFU that owned Red Tractor, so how come its not working in farmers interests?  And if not, how about NFU starting the "rainbow tractor scheme" or something similar....
The green tractor sounds like government trying to create nice high salary unnecessary jobs for paper pushers without a care in the world what happens around them.
Another great informative video, Harry, but there's one thing missing - where's Stanley? Not seen him for a while.
Thank you for the update.
Great informative video Harry.  Hope the weather improves for all our farmers 🤞
Yet another example of bonkers bureaucrats!  The list is ever growing (excuse the pun) and so all power to farmers for making a stand.
Harry, great video as always but when you post a picture of a magazine etc page, in order to read it we have to pause the video and then get a red line, your logo etc through the lower part of the page making it awkward to read, can you adjust the way it is pictured so the line doesn't obscure the page please?
Excellent farming video by top presenter
Thanks harry need more information like this government are out of touch with the hard reality of farming
People are sceptical about climate change. Because people are not stupid and they can see scam after scam everybody lines their pockets, and when you question it “the environment, green green the environment, environment, green”.   It’s all a scam that’s exploited day in and day out
The UK government still thinks that we are a major player and leader in the farming industry, but I'm afraid we are not anymore.
I was talking with a friend of mine in Norfolk yesterday; they had 200mm of rain in October, he pointed out that the drains around the fields were not dug because someone had a quiet afternoon and got bored so they thought the spade could do with an outing. The way land is managed has been squeezed and skimped on for so many years in order to balance providing food and the struggle to remain viable. Hedging and ditching was a regular winter job, but that was when each farm could afford a workforce. People need to think about what they eat and the choices they make. If people did, there would not be a need for Red Tractor Schemes.
C'mon Harry, ffs stop the idiotic comments blaming 'government' (ie, taxpayers) rather than greedy farmers who plant in flood plains. Creeks/rivers are supposed to flood in wet years - that's how nature works.
Farmers can go to the EU to end this unfair standard, or make it apply to everyone. Ah, no, wait: UK farmers voted to leave the EU!
I have asked this before. Is the government trying to control the food supply?
Canada here, not a farmer. Sorry. With that out of th way, local grocery store threw out expensive premium bread suppliers in favour of pita bread. Before that it was wheat flour tortillas they were pushing. Pita is overpriced, but still cheaper. Thanks for showing the new drilling, and all fields. it has begun snowing here in spots
What a fantastic update Harry . farmers just want a level playing field kick the Red Tractor out not needed
I'd tell red tractor to foxtrot Oscar.
ESG has infested everything in the UK, We have it at my Transport Company running Artics doing 8.5 Mpg 🤣 Its completely mad the Lengths they go to placate this Madness.
Sadly drilling, instead of ploughing is going to affect your fields drainage and it will get worse over time.
If you watch Wardys waffle he has been running an 8 year trial of direct drill against cultivating.  The long term weather forecast for this years winter is saying that there will be a excess of rain for the first half of the winter and then severe cold for the second half, all the side effect of El Niño. I also heard there was a very obtuse meeting with red tractor this week. Fundamentally there needs to be a change in Britain, firstly the supermarkets need to promote British and local food above imported food, just look at a French supermarket. The government need to allow farmers to do their job, if you allow imported produce with lower standards, then you either need to allow farmers farm to those standards or restrict the imports
When you guys just give up because of all of the legislation, what is everyone going to eat?
More red tape..  Basically the government don’t won’t farmers that’s the bottom line of off it..!! But they will when we run out of food.!! They won’t care what Colour tractor it is.!! Total bullshit.!!
Farmers need to stop voting for mad Tories and Brexit!
This is classic over reach. Red tractor need to go
There really should be common agreement that the costs of compliance must be recoverable e.g. taxation credits or price increases, then perhaps we would see what is really necessary and what is not.
Harry talk to Wardy and Olly, get Clarkson involved and set up an alternative co-op to red tractor, created by farmers for Farmers
If the beauracracy continues out of control the UK will become the worlds beggar
No updates on how the solar power is getting on
44,519 views in only 8 hours! That’s amazing Harry! I’m sure that all of your fans are rooting for you to have a banner year! Maybe you can plant more worms! 🚜 🪱 🪱🪱🪱🪱
Great stuff Harry, the farmers realize where the Asylum is and who's running it.
What's the name of the shoes that Harry's wearing.  Where can I get them?
As an escapee from the UK, now as an American and also living in Thailand I look at the UK in horror. The UK government is crippling farmers with ludicrous regulations and planning permission refusals. Then it simultaneously totally fails to do the jobs they are responsible for. The unmaintained drains are a perfect example.
I thought leaving the EEC was going to reduce bureaucratic red tape?  It appears that the WEF have a strong influence, it's like boiling a frog by the time UK farmers realize what is happening with this net-zero nonsense it will be too late. Hope the NFU rally everyone around this issue!
I thought the exit from the EU was supposed to develop a more pragmatic response to British and environmental and farming issues.  Could it be that the EU wasn’t the issue in the first place, just a convenient bogey man?  It seems like the beige brigade with clipboards exist everywhere and the UK specialise in this skill, whoda thunk it?  Secondly, who or what body is taking legal action against local authorities for not keeping drain ways in ‘as intended’ and serviceable order?  Step up NFU, rattle some cages…
Awful dry here in Queensland Australia, send us some of that rain please Harry!
It looks likely Harry will be talking about rice production within the next decade.
As usual, the road to hell is paved with good intentions. Red Tractor sounds like a good idea crafted by very high level concerns and very little understanding of the reality of its effects. Why don't they invite stakeholders into the room while crafting legislation? Pretty sure someone would have pointed out that wheat (etc) is highly fungible absent equivalent external standards.
great content keep it up !
Maybe if you had ploughed your fields Harry they would not flood
Harry, you do realise that the actions that are being taken that result in farmers saying no to Red Tractor actually play in to the hands of the money-grabbing types. They annoy the farmers, the farmers pull out of Red Tractor and then the spivs get to sell whatever crap they can find into the market. In summary, you're being played. And you're going to lose because the spivs control the market.
agroforestry please
the government doesnt care about the farmers which is NUTS as you make the food
Good the farmers are sticking together. Together we are strong, divided we are easy pickings. Great video as always.
In 2024 Harry harvests his first rice crop.
[11:15] So long as there's somewhere to drain it to, a few lengths of tile drainage ought to have some useful effect on that boggy field.
Should have grown some rice in them there paddy fields Harry!...
Oh ffs , how can farmers FFS! Believe in the CO2 Hoax , surely you all know CO2 is the gas of life &  all vegetation requires it , CO2 concentration currently is at 0.04% of the atmosphere, if it drops below 0.02% All life on earth will die. Once again WTFUP!!!!
So I am trying to buy british, and now you are saying that its not. Absolute bs. I spend £2.50 on uk tomatoes, instead of £1.00 from non uk, in the belief they are uk grown, is this still ok?
Harry,, if you had planted oil seed rape instead of wheat, would your situation be worse?
The Red Tractor scheme. A good idea very, very poorly executed. I fully agree that it this latest 'green' thing is absolute nonsense, but it is just the latest nonsense in what has become a nonsensical organisation. In fact, I would go as far to say that it is nothing more than yet another useless qwango, which is just a money earning destination for retired civil servants. It should be either revamped, reorganised in a way that it actually has meaning or preferably, scrapped altogether.
Amount of Atmospheric aerosol injection that has been taking place in the last 3 months, has nothing to do with the amount of rain we've had ,has it. ?😅
Harry, your problem is the NFU sold out to Whitehall decades ago.
Thanks for that update Harry. Excellent explanation of Red Tractor too. 👍
glyphosate is the cause of autism
Sow rice !
Brexit was a sure winner 👀😬🙄
The rain in October has been Biblical. I’m seriously worried about the variability of the UK climate and the effect on self-sufficiency.
What's next prostate exams before you can sell your wheat crop
Many thanks for your informative videos. Always learning loads. 👍
This is like vegetable farmers in Australia,  rules galore but the supermarkets buy Chinese vegetables and the Australian government's rules don't apply to them , which makes it impossible to compete
Red Tractor compliance with out a return to farmers. Why? Say no to newest proposals!
I’d have thought with more vegans about arable farmers would have their own stamp. I associate red tractor with meat only. Keep telling us how all this political climate initiatives are supposed to work in practice! Funny to hear how institutional investors’ chat gets funnelled down to reality
Harry well done for using your platform to speak up against nonsense red tractor compliance rules. Can’t stress enough your point about imported produce not having to comply with the same traceability rules that UK produce does. Not to mention chemicals allowed.
Partly good news, expect headline inflation to drop down to about 4.5%. That’s still double the Bank’s target and with wage inflation still up, rates are still unlikely to fall.
I bet this channel on its own earns more than the whole farming nonsense lol
Bureaucracy in overdrive keeps the EPA in business and damn the consequences on the ground (literally). How much of this before there’s no farming left and we’re totally dependent on food imports. See Germany and Russian gas.
Red Tractor 🚜 Illuminati🔺👁️ 😈
Mission creep from a "Quango"? Nothing new there then!!!!
Here in Eastern Europe, we haven't had rain since 5th of September. Yesterday we had the first 20mm of rain for the last 2 months. Almost no cereals have come up yet.
Tractor may be Red, but the trailer it's pulling is filled with bull sht
Hope the farm survives this crazy rain.
We are being pushed the same way as green tractor here in Australia by our milk factories so they can sell into your market.
If anything redtractor should be run by farmers, but it seems to me it's run the stock market thay can make good profits on cheep imported produce but get nothing from UK farms and determined to put UK farms out if business , give stock market redtractor all working together then big corporations buy out all the farmers, just like what's happening in America
Any sign of your Farming Minister out in the deluge yet Harry ... Or is Mark Spencer still invisible??
135mm of rain over a few weeks? Pffttt. Royal Wooton Bassett had 120mm of rain in 24hours. More than once or twice.
I would be interested to see how farmers could integrate BNG credit provision schemes into the new Red Tractor proposals should they go ahead - I feel like that would be the most profitable way forward if they are able to play into each other. Might as well do the best with the shite you are burdened with!   Given the current policy of pushing farmers to simply produce more crop with less land (à la Mao's Great Leap Forward), i can't help but feel that this particular scheme plays into that, making just about as much sense as the more with less policy at the same time. I am very much in favour of pushing forward with 'green' schemes, but this is just such a frustratingly shortsighted way of doing it.
Harry thank you for your farming industry insights, it's good to have a greater knowledge of how our food industry works.
Discing looks like you get tighter rows and better yield?
Its the same in construction. When your putting your price in for a new roundabout you have to put folders full of information with it on environmental impacts, sustainability, inclusivity and so on. I dont think anyone reads it, i think they just measure it and the thickest document gets the job 🤣
I am shocked that the Red Tractor compliant wheat grown by UK farmers is being mixed with non compliant imported grain !  That needs publicising - I think this could be in your favour with the public to get them behind the "Good Food UK" push.
Glad to hear the farmers are taking a stand against these crazed overlords!
The whole "Carbon Zero" (which isn't actually Zero, its just 100% less than 1990 baseline) I.e., plug a figure... and Go Greener nonsense is just another show case in screwing the nation in to believing their "eco warriors" while deepening the pockets of those selling this crap! It's meaningless and like fools the nation goes along with it. Red tractor should be assumed! Yet question it... and your suddenly the devil in disguise! Covid was a classic example of how easily people are controlled and led! Bla bla bla... anyway, great vid's Harry, always enjoy them!
Thanks for bringing this to the attention of the general public. The majority of whom (including myself) knew nothing about this. We want to support our farmers, but most of us only have supermarkets to provide our food, so they call the shots.  I hope the NFU hold their nerve.
Another great, we'll explained video. Thankyou.
Unless farmers start farming holistically,  ye are going to be in for much more punishment.  All those red tractor, bord bia they don’t care either way about your farm, they’ll still get there wages.
Glyphosate? Tut tut.
Please continue growing food Harry!
Appropriately it started pissing down again as I was watching this! Seen plenty of partly flooded fields around my way. Over double the average October rainfall here 😮
It would appear that Red Tractor is inspired by the 'hammer and sickle'.
Start growing rice 😉
Had my annual review , Bank manager had a few questions to ask me , one was what I am doing to reduce my carbon foot print  , surprised by question ,answer was  got two EV cars and new low energy house with air pump for the heating, then said I believe in climate change. So I don't get de banked , [ which is a new word that spellchecker doesn't know about yet ] . She had a we laugh at that point , that was just the answer she was looking for.  Well I do believe in Climate in  change . it changes every day here , Had 13" in October
Brilliant. Farmers need to drive industry standards not be told what to do by public sector PPE graduates obsessed by net zero agenda.
Red Tractor and the "Green" thing is nothing more than "The Elite" keeping tabs on YOU !!Big Brouther want to control the World..What better place to start than to Control The Food !!
All those type of schemes are full of communists socialists collaborators costing everyone more money wake up people
Some idiots want farmers to put even more water into the rivers by even more drains than there were after the 1980’s EU subsidies… what could go wrong?!! Even recent history has been forgotten yet again!!
I'm so fed up with ESG...WEF... DAP....WHO.....SFi.... Build Back Better.... bored, bored, bored.... leave us alone !!!!  Manage the drainage in the rivers and do something useful !  Poxy government bureaucrats !  🤬🤬🤬
DEFRA the enemy of the countryside and farming in particular. Completely adversarial against farming. These daft schemes are really a back door strategy to destroy our farming industry whereby politicians can import and personally benefit
All the UK farmers should go on strike and just take that payment for growing flowers and re-wild on all their land!  I thought that the Red Tractor mark meant something, but if it's all mixed up what's the point?
Thank you Harry for saying what a sham the Red Tractor government initiative is most enlightening. Plus I saw your NI road trip video on Harry’s Garage - you missed a trick by not going to a fabulous restaurant on the beach at Portstewart called Harry’s Shack I had the best John Dory dish I’ve ever eaten in the summer. Keep up the good work.
Farmers like Harry should be advising the government
The single disc planter is exceptional. You can can plant between the previous seasons rows. The Boss planter here the wheat is germinating in 24hrs
That's the big ploy to reduce food output and get us onto GM food.
Funny how this government promised less regulation and red tape.   And no drop in food quality.   Seems that was another Brexit lie.   Shocking what they've done to farmers since.   Especially when you've got enough problems just with the normal problems of growing crops in ever changing weather.
A great opportunity to get rid of red tractor. Complete nonsense
You can blame the Us and Uk using the banned since 1950 weather weapons for messing up the weather for the sake of ukraine . You can look up the Maine university weather anomaly report on Climate Reanalyzer  o,rg and see for yourselves .
and on another positive note ,  No more Mr Cabbage Stem Flea Beatle ........... 🥳🥳🥳🥳
Yes we've  had a drop but it's that time of year . Dont expect summer.  6months of the wet stuff .
Redlines on farming issues mean something more than reaching the end of the video. Many thanks.
Does Red + Green not make Brown?! We do like to make things difficult for ourselves as a country sometimes, often not for the right reasons. Always enjoy a new Harry's Farm video. Cheers.
Great video. Very informative and sadly revealing about the pressures farmers are under particularly due to the weather. Keep up the good work.
There is much talk about the detrimental affects of over taxation but over regulation is equally or more damaging across agriculture and industry and reducing it has a cost benefit to government as well.
Does someone in Government really want to finally finish off the British farming industry? When it’s pointed out all the silly rules our farmers have to comply with and others don’t it has to make you wonder if there’s a hidden agenda to screw our farmers totally
Another great episode. Thanks.
The one thing we can agree on is the red tractor nonsense ? But lets face it we don't stand a chance with any farm food today ? Before any thing goes in the ground it's all GM crops from the off,  Herbicide & pesticide kills off the  bacteria in the soil, So it's on & in the crop & we wonder why Testosterone & hormone levels are messed up in the people? Not to mention Thyroid problems ? But still i have one question for you Harry do you/Farmers eat their own Produce ? Please let me now ATB W..........
At what point can we just admit that governments are purposely trying to undermine agriculture? Its clear they think they'll gain more power and wealth responding to the coming famines than merely taxing successful farmers, ranchers and other food producers.
Red Tractor is not fit for purpose, Harry and & I don't know of any farmer that thinks that it is.
Drilling = planting?
Well said re Red Tractor my hubby is always ranting about them . The woman that does his inspections absolutely rub him up the wrong way she is awful ! I have shared this to my FB to show my friends what hubby has to put up wit. You explained it so well !
I am no Farmer, and know 100% of nothing about Farming, yet you deliver a good sermon, and update to whats going on in the Farming world, yet you tell us, that all our home grown Wheat, is mixed with foreign shit, yet this is ok? we are disappointed, as we try and buy British produced items, including food when ever we can, but we are being cheated to? its a bit like all this "organic crap" organic my arse, we the public are being ripped off
Looking forward to seeing how till no-till compares this season. Cheers
.............and no Stanley!   :(
Lack of drain maintenance and weather manipulation is all done on purpose by governments and their thug agencies. When will you conformists wake up and realise that government of all stripes is your enemy. Just ssh no to them and sell your produce direct to the manufacturer. When will you learn that bring agreeable with government will never work for you. Show these alleged servants that you, the taxpayer are their master not the other way around.
How many farmers will stick together and stop the red tractor scheme… We’re the ones paying for it anyway
What standards of control are in other countries who supply the supermarkets with non local produce or is it only the UK government adding more hurdles for local farmers to abide by as they can't blame the EU now for regulations and what is the difference in farm payments after Brexit and the loss of CAP payments from the EU.   Beef from Brazil and chicken from countries outside of the EU are in supermarket shelves and what standards are these items checked under for hormones and animal of issues..
Those Flooded Farmlands are perhaps the 'unintended consequences' of a combination of 40 Years of 'dishonest but lucrative' Climate Denial by Governments, exascerbated by the effects of 50% Cuts to the Environment Agency over the last decade, by 'this' Government.
time to retire that tractor to the nettle`s and bramble`s under the hedge.
Good news that British farmers are making a stand against bureaucratic crap!
kinda wonder why farmers still vote tory when all they do is throw you under the bus in trade deals and defund all the things that help you
Another great video.    The actions or lack or actions of the E A are absolutely criminal.
Good luck for getting some sunshine ✌️
Just think of all those pen pushers who will be out of a job if you dump the red tractor scheme.
Did you notice a difference in water infiltration rate in the direct drilled area vs the area drilled with the harrow tine drill, or if puddles formed more in areas drilled with the Claydon or the JD drill?
Get some of those fat politicians working out there on the field for a nice dose of reality !
ESG for farmers... Not good - totally unnecessary, look at the mess the financial industry is in because of this beuroxcracy. The whole world is going mad
In Ireland we have similar scheme to red tractor, Bord Bia. It originally marketed produce. Now imposes quality control similar to Red tractor. It now employs a small army of inspectors. It is paid at sale or slaughter. We have a neibour who was asked for his rodent control records. He said his cats were his rodent control. She then asked for his cat worming and vaccination  records!
Of course Red Tractor is chaired by a well to do woman. "Chartered engineer with 12 years’ experience in sales and marketing" ffs
The reason they buy Canadian wheat and mix it with your wheat is because you need the high protein wheat from Canada to make good bread. And here in Canada we have a way more restrictions on chemical use than you think. We only sell the highest quality wheat and it is the best in the world
Invariably these schemes such aw Red Tractor become laden with layer upon layer of civil servants, and of course once the gravy train starts its impossible to stop it
I look forward to HF updates so clicked "like" but obviously not that much to like down on the farm at the moment.  Looking back, the weather we've had is very similar to last year, record breaking hot spell temperatures, reservoirs low, water restrictions followed by one of the wettest Octobers on record and here we are again. Coincidence or the pattern of things to come? Hopefully not the latter. I'll hold my hands up and say I wasn't even aware of the Red Tractor/Green Tractor scheme but it sounds like an ill-thought out load of rubbish, probably drawn up by a bunch of desk bound bureaucrats with limited knowledge of the real problems facing farmers here in the UK.
Red Tractor? Read about Red Tractor. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assured_Food_Standards
I love your Farm vids Harry. I'm no farmer, but I learn so much and find them thoroughly enjoyable and educational. Thank you. I know once you've harvested and then drilled there's not much to report, but even watching that (excellent )guy doing the dry stone wall was fascinating stuff. And what about your solar?  As for this green Red tractor lark, go woke go broke as they say....
There's me with long face 'cos it's raining when I walking to the car to drive home after work.Thank you Harry for giving me this insight. The "Red Tractor" caper is some thing I cannot comment on with any knowladge, however I can say most consumers have no idea how expensive "most things" would be if they were produced here in the U.K.
Since watching your programmes my respect and admiration for all farmers has grown immensely. It should be required viewing to all those in government associated with the farming industry. I do wonder how multipolarity and BRICS might change the world with regard to commodities where it would appear that prices might be taken out of the hands of the existing financial markets?
we need alot less government they cant do the job as it is...
How does it look & is it still fit for purpose after all the toxic nano chemtrail particulates have fallen over it & uptake via the soil for the whole year!
So typical of the UK. Excessive regulation and compliance imposed on local producers. None of the same applied to foreign imports. It really has become a country that's run by idiots.
WILL SPUDS BE AN OPTION ON YOUR PROBLEM FIELD.
Big brother is strong in the UK…..why do you all comply?
You British sure crank out the red tape...
The red tractor should be scrapped, its turned into a money spinner for no good purpose 😢
Where is Stanley? He's the only reason I watch this channel!! 😂🤣
Let farmers farm, at least they know the industry.
There seems to be a war against farmers from the government.  Amongst many other wars   If I had a tin foil that I'd assume it was all part of this build back better  wef inspired horse  shite .  But thought like that would make me a conspiracy theorist.      Very pleased to see some farmer push back against Mr wef sunak and his ilk.    Always good to watch a Harry's farm update.   Direct drilling of grass seed as an example,  has been used on golf course's for at least the last decade.   Thank you harry and Charlie.
You can bet this “green tractor” business is all about ESG (Environment, Social, Governance) scores that the retailers are trying to pump up. BlackRock designed ESG and it’s an evil scam to destroy SMEs who can afford to comply so they go out of business and their market share is taken up by mega corps who are owned by, you guessed it, BlackRock!! Call it out, Harry!!
Maybe diversify into rice paddies Harry? :/
British government does not work for British people, that stopped the day they created bank of England.
Never heard of Red Tractor before. I thought it was something to do with Massey Ferguson.
I guess we were somewhat lucky in Oxfordshire that we didn't get AS crazy an amount of rain as other areas, but we did get a Crazy amount anyway. Other farmers, as you've shown, haven't been as lucky. The recent storm went into Europe - and of course they've been hit by the same waves of wetter than average weather as we have. Probably harder to see for "townies" - where I live in Chippy, we're up on a hill, so unless we go and have a walk in the low lying fields, it all looks fine - just a lot of rain falling for us and rolling away down the hill. If it ever floods here, it's the end of the world and we'll be shouting out for Noah to help us...  The Red Tractor thing, as a townie, but also as someone who lived as a resident on a farm for 5 years, it seems there's a constant meddling with farmers. I recall my landlord often cursing as he told me about the red tape, the constant fiddling, the ridiculous level of rules and confusing ever changing landscape.
You said a few videos back, dairy farmers a just giving up, yes that's why there doing the regulations. Net zero bullshit..... Live is carbon.
An example from my earlier post. Have to fill out and Entity Report to the state of Indiana which tells them that I am a business which is active. Apparently they cannot discern that fact through my quarterly income tax payments. Oh, and by the  way it costs $135 to fill the Entity Report.
Interesting about the Red Tractor… more evidence, if it were ever needed, that this government has completely lost it grip
Take a note of where the lakes formed, and next year plant rice there when it's about to rain like that again 🤣
Red tractor; seems to be a case of the tail wagging the dog. Let's hope it doesn't turn out to be another Milk marketing board debacle... EA is a joke, we're you aware their pension pots are linked to the water companies? Again lots of waggy tails about...
Red Tractor & Green Element. Classic case of non farmer politicians foisting proposals regulations on farmers which have no value, but raise costs without the benefit of increasing profits.
should grow rice
Very interesting, I don't envy you, you must be going mad with all this red tape, hope you farmer win your case. Bob
Is is time to call time red tractor, and make the farmers life more simple.
How about planting rice in the apparent rice paddy area?
Red tractor never stopped tesco knowingly sell us horse meat!! It is a scheme all about money and is destroying British Ag!!  I hope the the farmers manage to bury the stupid tractor.  I've heard stories of a chap having to give up visiting a terminally ill relative, to go home and get rid of one cobweb having been threatened with not having his milk collected the next day.  Farmers are humans and should not be under this much pressure!  The power the retailers have over us via rt is proper unhealthy.  Rt needs to GO.....no reform, Go  A new simple farmer led scheme could replace it.
As always informative factual, well presented and engaging
Wheat on the US western high plains has not had much rain in 2023.   non irrigated is needing rain to germinate.     The good thing is wheat may not be as cheap as it was 4 years ago!   130 mm rain would not fill our subsoil.  We direct sow to save the water for the crop.
The Environment Agency, The Government agency in charge of monitoring water pollution 😉😉 The Environment Agency who prosecute small businesses  or farms when they accidentally pollute . Yet turn a blind eye to water companies who pump shit into a rivers and sea , on a industrial scale 🤨 on a daily basis 🤨.  Water companies 2006 /2017 post tax profits of 18.86 billion 😳 75% of water companies are owned by foreign investors  Black Rock  Lazard Vanguard  JP Morgan Cheung kong Group, hedge funders ripping the cash out ,  and not investing in Water treatment or infrastructure 🤨 with government blessings under the noses of the Environment Agency 🙈🙊🙉. And now they are telling the British people you are going to have to pay more 🙄 to get them to do the job they agreed to do when they took over the running of the water companies. THERE MUST BE A PUBLIC INQUIRY.
Farmers! You need to get outside "this" system or they will bleed you dry (pun)
Forgive my comment I’m not a farmer so this may be stupid to ask - is there a reason why large fields like these are not trenched to put drainage pipes in like they seem to do over here in the US? Would this not stabilize flooding like this?
You might consider tiling that one wet field or a portion of it.   If you own it or have a long term lease like 10 years or more it should pay off and more.  As you know Clay drains slowly but can produce healthy crops.  Cheers 🇨🇦
This shows how much lacl of infrastructure and lack of on the ground investigative improvment policies exist and some dictacts to the goverment by private consultancy to what program they should shove down and you have to put up with bankers financing consultancies
Thank-you Harry for yet another informative and educational video.
Someone's head will be rolling at Red Tractor after this ends up with the whole scheme being completely scrapped. This is what happens when people don't read the room.
Planned decline. People are waking up tho
Red tractor need to be kept in its box before they get too out of hand, they obviously have too much spare time.
its just a stright jacket for farmers
red tractor  ,job for the boys
Corruption from the top to the bottom, end off, red tape will do us all. Grow nothing import everything then we shall be doomed. Make me sick,
I don't envy you, thanks for sharing.
Oh dear, it would appear google's oppression and censorship bigots are upset about mention of the work totalitarian genocide of Western peoples. Could that be because they are evil racist woke totalitarians themselves, or just because they are paid to be? Just as well I can sail to sane parts of the world (ie; not infected by woke totalitarianism).
9:54  Did you see that cut-worm harry?
destruction by regulation and the administrative state. Seems to be happening across the board
Sounds like the bureaucrats are all wet, too.
Frankenskies.🌫️
Back in the day when you could shoot seals in Scotland. All the salmon farms in Scotland signed up to the RSPCA freedom foods scheme as it was the scheme which allowed you to shoot the most seals!  These foods schemes are funny old things consumers have no idea what goes into them!
I'm old school, can't help thinking some of that land prone to standing water would have been better ploughed, for drainage. How many acres do you drill, and what is the cost of the JD Drill, all those extra £1000's of pounds would buy a lot of Diesel.
Diane Abbot farming!!!
UK farmers should band together more often - to hold the environment agency to account and our politicians  All fascinating stuff Harry - thanks for the update
Maybe plant trees in the useless swampy area. Something wet-tolerant of course. 😀 P.S. Little tiny trees, so you'd have MILLIONS !
Have you considered rice as an option?
why do we let technically inept bureaucrats make the policy decisions, something needs to change because this is the road to ruin through no fault of the people on the ground
This may be ignorance on my part, but I can't imagine an American farmer dealing with all that regulation.
the best farming life
RSPBA stamped on egg boxes in supermarkets, that's con Britten for you.
Sue the red tractor carbon commie cartel
This country is going downhill very quickly and it really is about time we stop bending over backwards for every Tom Dick and Harry (no pun intended) that has no common sense or any idea about how the consumer wants their food produced, which is cheaply in Britain 👍🏻🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
Direct drill will only cut your yield😊
Look at what the lack of investment did to the Somerset Levels.
I used to look for Red Tractor on my meat as a standard for welfare Not as a green initiative. As a consumer I think Red Tractor should “stick to its knitting” and improve the welfare standards not tree planting.
Its bizarre how the British have let themselves be invaded and conquered and all they care about is regulating everything even more.
Can't beat the plough to get the water away.
Red tractor needs to go!
The intro said it all 😂
"Harry's singing in the rain." ☔🎶
Still chucking it down here in Bano!!
Harry's the man
You couldnt have chosen a better year to direct drill mate
Weather chaos seems to be the new normal.
