Thank you for watching! Sign up and download for FREE using my link https://grammarly.com/economics03
At 80... U gotta be SWIFT! REESTIMATE ASAP.
Chaotic Floridian power!!!!!!
This video complete ignores the importance and value of internal competition amongst States. Florida is acting as a sanity check to crazy policies in NY and CA. That is true value.
Tangential, but since it was mentioned in the video; i dont get why the US considers itself a country that values its freedoms.. when it's among the less / least free first world countries overall. Like.. what freedoms are you referring to?
12:42 - and THAT is the problem unfortunately; they represent those who contribute the most to their political campaigns.
12:06 - Would it make sense to expand high speed internet to every remote corner of a state to bring remote workers, to live there?  To have the option to choose your backdrop so to speak, can bring in a lot of e tea revenue to the states who make the investment, correct?  Because let's be honest, there are many many people of all ages who would be very happy in the north woods of Wisconsin, or the mountains of Montana, than living in a big city or even moving to another foreign city.
HEY!!!  You should do an episode about WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF EVERY STATE HAD NO STATE TAX because I would genuinely like to have a thought experiment like this laid out as a "what if".  Thank you!
03:27 - WHAT???  You got in trouble for being brilliant???  Exactly HOW did you get in trouble?  Your company?  The other local store managers??  I'm extremely curious what you mean here.  If you had a local business association that had agreements regarding sales and such, then yes I can imagine that didn't go over well.  Sorry, edit here with more questions;  If you were given permission to have this sale then who authorized that?  A district manager?  The owner?  Because THEY are the person who should have in fact, been in trouble by not following the local business association pact or whatever it was they caused trouble with other local businesses.  I'm really very troubled about you having gotten in trouble for making hand over fist money with a really marketing savvy idea of simply calling your customer base.  Thanks!!!
6:10 techno exodus to Florida
As an American who lives in a state most foreigners don’t know exists,it’s interesting how different life styles can be state from state.I live in the same country as Florida but completely different than Floridians
If you look closely at the comments from Native Floridians, you'll gain a much clearer understanding of the local economy and its impact on those who live there. Many native residents speak candidly about the challenges they face in a state where tourism and real estate often dominate the conversation. For them, the economy isn’t just about flashy tourist attractions or the booming housing market—it’s about the affordability of everyday life, access to jobs with fair wages, and the strain that rapid development can place on local resources. Their comments often reflect concerns about how the growing influx of newcomers and tourists affects cost of living, wages, and community identity. In short, the real economy for the native population is one that can feel increasingly out of reach as the state's priorities shift toward industries that benefit outsiders more than those who have lived there for generations
The arguments used here are weak.  Immigration into countries is unquestioningly considered a net positive to the economy (an idea I don't agree with), but migration within countries is considered a net negative.  In fact, the migration pattern is part of the genius of U.S. federalism.  Each state operates as a policy laboratory, with those policies and outcomes favored by the public reflected in migration to the state.  It was intended by the Founders, as states were considered the laboratories of democracy.    To compete, other states will need to adapt by either copying aspects of these policies are coming up with ones favored by more citizens.  Putting weather aside, ultimately most people will travel to states where jobs and cost of living is best.  As more migration occurs, cost of living will increase, lowering barriers to entry for other states.  One of the secrets of the U.S. economic success is this very form of decentralization which does not put all of its economic eggs in one basket.  States compete just like firms in a competitive marketplace
I thought there was no evidence of “brain drain”.
I'd like to hear a better breakdown of why EE is concerned over state competion, but obviously in favor of competition in the private sector. The thesis that Florida attracting talent and capital could be a zero sum game seems to be contradicted by the data in the intro. The US's economic output is increasing when other countries are flatlining. All while the majority of that growth happens in high immigration states. State competition seems like a net positive in basic ecomomic terms. With a free market composed of 50 states, residents can decide the best combination of government benefits and regulations vs. ecomomic freedom. If these migration patterns persist, California will likely adopt more sensible regulations in response to their brain drain the same way a company bleeding employees will change their compensation/benefits. Isn't that what we want?
More like Texas 😂
Florida is Fr Fr carrying the U.S.💀
But I thought global warming was supposed to put most of Florida under water already 😂😂😂😂😂😂 that’s what all the al gore climate “experts said over 20 years ago. 😂😂😂😂
The commentary seems to lean toward the philosophy that government regulation should be implemented to achieve equality rather than allowing people the freedom to prosper individually without government interference.
Florida will never be a strong economic state if the right to work part is not outlawed
Florida's growth is because of internal capital migration for the ultra rich because it has no estate tax. It is a hurricane territory, That's why no estate tax and no manufacturing industries business expansion there. Recent news is Jeff Bezos is moving there too.
Americas economy is "growing*". *If by growing you mean profit incentivised fraud.
We can't live on the Mainland China. We can't drink the water here. No crops and livestock. Environment is so so bad. Even the Environmentalists can't speak!!
watching this after the hurricanes like.... this still the case?
Florida stands to be one of the States most directly impacted by Climate Change ........something that is constantly ignored by the government and developers here . Living here for thirty-seven years I see the implications first hand . Nothing going on here is sustainable
Florida is a  strange state is an understatement.That's why we have florida, man
“Florida is causing the USA to grow.”   Mother Nature: “Florida looks nice.  Be a shame if something….happened to it.”
this video might want to revise its claims after hurricane blowout
I was born and raised in Florida
Yeah, right. It's a fake growth. In fact there is no growth. People are getting poor very fast.  You need co consume lots of fish and chips to say that  Florida economy is growing and that the U.S. outgrows China. And those fish and chips must be sprayed with something... Boris, is it you?
I swear this video jinxed florida with these two hurricanes
curious if the hurricanes will affect this....
There was a saying that said: "The world looks at the States the same way the States look at Florida", this takes that to a whole new level XD. Florida is really the US of the US.
That's amazing but is it true? lol
MY STATE
One of the main reasons why California is the 5th economy in the world is because of the great universities there. UC Berkeley, UCLA, Stanford, USC, CalTech are amount the greatest universities in the world.  Florida…not so much.
Alexa play get off my rock
I live in Flordia and I never knew this surprising fact
Now that two hurricanes have devastated it at the end of 2024 and you can’t get homeowners insurance. People are leaving in droves. Anybody wanna buy some swamp land?
Haley florida man❤🎉😀
Yeah, but I would say Florida is beginning to hit a tipping point.  Very crowed, insurance on cars and homes is very high or you can’t get it.  Summers are brutal heat wise.  And of course, let’s not forget the hurricanes.  Which are becoming more frequent and stronger.
I’m a Floridian born and raised..please leave people!!!! 😂
No No No...Florida gets no credit at all. Florida is a shithole and that is just the way it will always be.
Florida will never be the same again.
Crazy how people move to Hurricane Prone states
What is this an economy crazy looking a space shop
Here after the back to back hurricanes
Is call tru capitalism by a Republican Government. God bless Republicans and Governor Desantis
The ONE Reason they are all moving from states like California and New York to states like Texas and Florida: POLITICS!!!!. It is the scarecrow for the first two states and the welcome mat for the last two.
Hey man, I live here. The economy here is doing so well that no one I know can afford to pay rent or eat. Weird how that works right
Thanks! Interested to see how it progresses with hurricanes, past and future
What about Mother Nature - how does she factor in?
it baffles me that a remote worker willing to relocate for lower expenses would opt to stay in the States at all! if moving to Florida or Texas (where I live, btw) to lower costs, why not go a little further (leave USA) so one can exploit US IRS' "foreign earned income exclusion" I suggest you look it up! few places South of the border have as high a cost of living as USA and, if you spend no more than 35 days per year inside USA, there's no income tax on the first $126,500 per person of earned income - a couple who both work can earn a quarter million before even starting to pay US income taxes.  I don't do this because i'm disabled & don't have "earned income." also, few counties in the world are as easily navigated for disabled people like me. but, unlike so many, I can actually see beyond myself - what would be best for others.
I had to leave Florida because of how high rent has gotten. I live in southwest Florida all my life. In a twisted way I hope all the hurricanes coming is gonna push people out.
All the hurricanes coming for Florida kind of makes sense
Bro did not mention, one of the downsides of Florida are hurricanes
But yet we have Presidential think American is already great don’t need maga
And for us Floridians suffering is inevitable and ready to leave here unfortunately. Crazy capitalist crazy unfair.
I was born in Florida, still live in and Florida, and its the best
This pops up in my feed just as Hurricane Milton is about to make landfall. God have mercy on Florida!
Well, this Aged like Milk
As a natural Floridaian i can confirm the population growth here is ridiculous. Housing is now entirely unaffordable and traffic is a nightmare. Stop moving here.
Is this a comparison of real gdp to some standard unit of measure to do the comparison? I bet there's a big difference between what China is producing and what the US is producing.  I wish there was a geo-strategic gdp measure that wouldnt include speculation or jobs that don't product something related to the defense logistics pyramid.
People are moving to Florida because the cost of living elsewhere is skyrocketing and also, life has become so miserable, people have realized there are more important things. I’ve wanted to move to Florida since I was a child.. my dad wanted to as well. Really wanted to move as an adult since 2014, but couldn’t actually bite the bullet and come until 2022. Living in Florida isn’t really a choice for me, it’s completely for my mental health. I need the sun, palm trees and beach. Most have realized that this society has made life not worth it. Might as well live somewhere beautiful where every day feels like a resort. Many Floridians are very xenophobic, but remember no one is entitled to ANYWHERE. Don’t blame people, blame THE SYSTEM. I’m from NYC, and I was pushed out of these by constant gentrification. My family pushed out of Brooklyn by gentrification. Don’t hate the player, hate the game!!!!
Wow, now this hurricane hits and wipes Florida out of the economy almost completely…. No way that’s just a coincidence.
Florida is finished after Hurricane Milton.
Statistics released by Jerome Powell's Fed are unreliable.   In succeeding months they are subject to substantial revisions which make them worthless.
The cononomy still sucks
California, Texas and Florida is growing thanks to the Mexican/Spanish population. #MadeInAmerica #MadeInMexico 💚🪴
Our infrastructure can’t handle all the new people. Drives that were 15 - 30 minutes are now 1-2 hours. Any minor storm now drops millions of gallons of sewage into our ecosystems and waterways because our water treatment facilities can’t handle it. Development for people from out of state has removed all our farms and locals. I’ve never met more brain dead people driving on I-75 that were driving 70 in the left lane while everyone is passing them at 80 - 100. Areas with less new people, the food is on average $2-$4 cheaper.
It would be cool if USA outgrew China due to rapper Flo Rida becoming huge in China and taking all the renminbi from the fans there...
Florida is fked lol, slave wages
Tax policies either attract capital or scare capital away. A balance is reached when the losing states react, some 20 years down the road.
The 14th largest economy in the world vs countries as a US state gives fl 8/10?  Did your video address your thumbnail question “but at what cost?”?
Dem alligators are working for IT in Florida 🥶👌
So definitely disagree that competition among the states isn't a good thing.  It is the best aspect of the USA and it is what helps create the USA's economic vibrancy.   Bad states with bad policies get punished by people leaving.  It's great.
This aged like wine
The fact that Singapore is still doing better according to him is kinda lame
Your numbers don't match the ones posted online....
I don’t understand why everyone thinks Florida is insane. I live in the capital of the state, and no insane stuff happens.
new neighborhoods being built for families are completely empty and filled with air bnbs for rich peoples “passive income”
I'm from Marianna Florida...ain't nobody moving there
Nah Florida stealing California people because of cost of living in California
Miami is nightmare of all Florida bruh
Cubans moving to Miami
China's economy is bigger than usa  by production and exports world wide.   Car sales usa bout 12 mil year China bout 30 million and on with all ather products!!!!
Nah if you take into account that everything is cheaper in china by a whole lot they are the worlds biggest economy.
I thought the economy was deflating and destroyed, time to atop listening to fear-mongering Republicans
POV you don’t love in America
Competition between states for talented workers and valuable industries, and a race to the bottom for regulations and tax incentives seems like a VERY good thing to me. Doesn't competition force better and better policies and outcomes? If you're right that lower taxes and regulations won't work in the long, then those who don't lower taxes and regulations will eventually win the competition, and people will move to those states. Competition allows us to see which policies work and which don't. It may be too soon to tell, but for now, it seems like the low taxes/regulations game plan we see in Florida and Texas are winning the state competitions. States can either adjust their policies to win like them, or lose. Capitalist economies are not zero-sum games. There can definitely be multiple winners, if multiple people find their competitive advantages in the market, and states choose the economic policies that incentivize them. Any state can lower taxes and regulations to attract capital, businesses, and people, whether it's California, or Wyoming. For being a video on economics, this video doesn't feel very capitalist to me.  I'm from Orlando, and I'm shocked to see all the Floridians complaining here. We have been benefiting like crazy from our policies. Cost of homes have gone up? That's a great thing for Floridian homeowners!
FL man vs China: “Let me solo her!”
Don't forget that Florida didn't have a major long term shutdown for the WuFlu... also now Florida has passed laws to keep businesses out of peoples' private health records... Banning vax passports and removing the ability to hire/fire someone based on vax status is a major pro for Florida.
Water
Plz go away, we're full.
But I don't WANT my home to become the new California! I HATE California!!
You go to FL for retirement, for the beaches, and for Disneyworld. And that is it.
Well this went well turns out all the workers from the ports are apparently gonna just quit
This happens globally and why poor countries stay poor. Rich countries attract all their skilled entrepreneurs over time with promises of a better life in their countires
Factors like waiting list time for affordable housing and education should factor into the score. Economics is more than, "where is it cheapest to do business" or "where are people moving to flee social responsibilities."
Please everybody stay out. We dont want you here.
I'd like to see Tennessee and Idaho
Florida has no state income tax. Thus it has attracted a LOT of interest from businesses. Texas likewise has a very business friendly environment , both have sea access. What is still a wonder is what anyone still operates any businesses in California.
Two hurricanes a year is what Florida is  looking at. What a fied day for the insurance  companies.  All the usual problems with large cities will increase in Florida, crime,  homeless peopl, drugs, water supplies,  pollution.
I like how the yankee states (as a Canadian residing in one) are so sour and upset that they're acrively telling themselves lies about how the entire south is suffering and constantly needs to "take away more federal money because they're too poor and stupid" yet all around them they are the ones failing and reaping the consequences that they sowed.  It makes me laugh every time, because in the end the TRUE americans, the REAL americans in the south, will have the final laugh.  Y'all wanted to genocide your neighbors in the civil war, and now you want them to feel pity for you when you caused your own demise?  Shame...  SHAME...
Does Florida really have nicer weather though? It’s just humid and hot with a high risk of hurricanes.
It’s ironic that Florida is also going red, supporting the economy over the environment (which I mostly agree is the best we can do long term except I wouldn’t if I lived in Florida given…) the majority of the state will lies within a few feet of sea level and is set to disappear under the sea in the next few decades. Already seeing the effects of that… Champlain tower south, whose base experienced consistent salt water flooding, should be a wake up call.
By growing you mean...overpopulating.....
Democrats destroy their states, make them too expensive to live in, and then move to a red state. However, they continue to vote Democrat. It’s like locusts.
Oh cool, my state, which is the natural hotspot for hurricanes is outgrowing a whole nation.
I live in Port Saint Lucie. They now only create luxury communities for people +55, its the better business i guess.
They print money...
Too bad only the Atlantans will be able to enjoy the growth in a few years
I just want to know a short and simple reason. How hard is it to answer the question in the title?
Kinda disappointed that Florida Man didn't figure into this anywhere. Ec Ex really missed out on a golden opportunity here.
As a native born and raised Floridian I have watched the housing market be built around retirees and wealthy individuals moving here, which has made it impossible for ordinary residents of the state to afford a home. At 25 yrs old my girlfriend and I are making plans to move out of state in order to afford a home for the family we want. The economy here is literally growing at the expense of working class people who have lived here most or all of their lives.
Chicagoans living in Texas can’t comprehend this video
As a Floridian i can promise you it wasnt worty destroying the state
Next California of u.s.a
What is never discussed is that Florida has the largest population in the country with the least amount of public transportation.  Wide swaths of land with sprawling single-family homes and virtually everyone required to back out of their driveways in privately owned vehicles to go anywhere. Even among the largest cities there are seldom any options available to the public to do simple tasks like grocery shopping or leisure outings. Until recently connecting fast rail between South Florida and Orlando is aimed at specific markets. For years the needs of the people of Florida were ignored while the governor's office only paid attention to the needs of the tourism industry. Artificially stemming the prize of wages by importing poverty as new employees has begun to run its course, Ask many economists what the negative advice is towards moving to Florida and they might tell you ' The cost of transportation"  I am a native Floridian who has benefited nothing but headaches fighting traffic and the rising cost of everything. The Governors' office for 60 years believes that encouraging northerners who can retire to Florida with their pockets full is the correct way to bring money into the state. After 60 years the demographics of Florida resemble a third-world country unable to support high-tech manufacturing as those employers refuse to locate anything in The Sunshine State. If your not a doctor, Lawyer or Home builder do not move to Florida. The governors office continues fighting making sure Florida has the lowest wages in the country.
China woke a sleeping giant
Moral of the story, GET RID OF INCOME THEFT
I mean, Florida is really weird. It has a massive coastline for all sorts shipping and fishing, maybe even oil. It's very flat, I imagine easy to build and plan construction aside from the wetlands. It has big tourism from Disney/Universal and other parks and Kennedy Space Center. Florida is very unique
Just got back from Miami.  Humidity there sucks !
this video sums up whats happening to arizona
Finally, my state doesn’t embarrass me for once
The more I hear about the United States the more magical it seems we got f****** everything  Every resource every item that one would need to maintain a country within itself we got if we needed to we could become energy independent f****** food independent literally every independent you want to be we could literally just leave the global sphere and probably be fine and just have to figure out how to get other people Rich so they can afford all the overpriced stuff will have to be making
https://youtu.be/RdSa7dol1ng?si=cG6ilzwIhDopvPmH
Do you think New York and California could absorb all of the housing we are able to build? I do. More supply, cheaper housing = growth.   No housing growth, people move to Florida and Tennessee.
As a southeast Floridian I can verify we have a lit of new yoike's here
I’ve been in Florida all my life and the state is screwed sooner or later. The locals that are keeping this state alive are being pushed out.
Old people moving here is why I support ageism
Yet another crushing blow to Arizona in the ongoing Florida-Arizona feud.
To be fair, I'd be moving to Florida from Texas myself 😂.
Being born in florida gotta be the worst financial decision of my life fr
Californians and New Yorkers have been coming to Florida for a while now, and the COVID epidemic has dramatically increased this trend. Unfortunately, they have brought their money and their mindsets with them. If you are a long-time Floridian, you understand what this means.
Maybe it’s as simple as low taxes and no over regulation with really dumb freedom limiting laws…it’s really not rocket science. But every one that is moving down to Florida bc taxes and horrible laws related to business and personal freedoms should not forget this when they go in the voting booth. Don’t ruin our state by turning it purple or God forbid blue.
I've lived in Florida most of my life and I wouldn't have it any other way!!😎😎😎
I would love to watch this video but I cannot get past how annoying the accent is of the presenter. He makes it sound like every let word has an R in it.
If voting doesn’t get results picking up and moving away will get you point across.
New Yorkers are ruining Florida!😢 If you are going to vote for bad stupid policys that messed up New York here in Florida, Then WHY THE DUCK DID YOU BOTHER TO LEAVE NEW YORK!?! You mesed up your home state, now your messing up mine! Go back home or keep your $&!+ policys in New York!
Your view point is backward. Instead of looking at this from the standpoint of the government “race to the bottom on regulation and taxes”. Look at it from the migrant and local populations view point. Less taxes, less regulation on starting and growing businesses, less crime , cheaper housing , better paying jobs in ratio to living expenses. Competition makes every better over time. The time periods can be long if the governments refuse to compete. Look at Detroit. But it can turn around quickly too. Look at NYC from 1990 to 2000. If they played the game , instead of listening to the voices in their head about their top down utopian society, they could convince businesses and people to remain in California. The US population has always moved for a better life. That’s how California was founded.
The fact that states compete with each other makes the nation as a whole more competitive in the global aspect. And because they have to compete with each other regulations get better not get relaxed. Wyoming is an example of this. The first state to give women the right to vote was Wyoming for the sheer sake of trying to attract people to their state.
Call someplace paradise kiss it goodbye....
Florida has become very mainstream but a great place to do business in. Looking for private swim lessons in Miami Florida? Check us out on Google and book your first lesson now!
I'm not sure why the video needs to make Florida look bad for doing the same thing that California and New York did over the last five decades. Now it's our turn. When California and New York come back from planet "woke", they can stop hemorrhaging residents and businesses.
Florida Man reporting in, the rent has gone up more than double where I am. It's wild and the amount of apartments has skyrocketed. The pay hasn't caught up here either.
Florida is the Caribbean state.
Big Sugar is killing the environment.
Put up a border wall around florida
Economics Explained does a good presentation, however the author basically implies that Florida's gains are at other states expense.  This is a very familiar leftist troupe that everything is a zero-sum game, and one cannot succeed without someone else losing.   Somehow when Florida was losing youth to Blue States you never heard troupe, this wasn't a problem because well, Blue States were just better.  This article makes no mention that Blue State regulation and tax policies as if they have no bearing on their situation.  Let's take it a bit further Florida has never had an income tax, which makes the videos assertions questionable.  Florida didn't change in this area, but our Blue State friends have in a big way.  Blue States tax and spend policies most definitely have changed.  Our Blue State friends not only doubled down on bad economic policies they tripled down.  When a Blue State does want you to leave they attempt to make it very difficult, does that sound free to you?
DeSantis JACKED UP Property Taxes and Homeowners Insurance costs have exploded. God help you if you buy a Condo...the HOA fees are going insane because of a new law Republicans passed as a result of a huge building collapse where the HOA kept maintenance fees low for decades and didn't do any maintenance.
They've been fleeing here for decades and vote for the same policies that ruined their home state. Please leave....
I wonder how manu people moved to Florida are now stuck because of the low wages and can't afford to move again.
Don't believe anything negative you hear about Florida. People in Florida have manners and lots of good young families too. Our economy is bustling with businesses thriving. We have more American flags than you will see anywhere else in the USA. We have a good state government and wonderful law enforcement. Florida still has lots of religion too.
The Soviet Union called. They wnat their ideology back.
why doesn't the GDP take in consideration the national debt? 35 trillion right now.
i thought the economy of Florida was based entirely on strippers and cooking meth
Here come the Communists. Escaping from the "Utopias" they created. Get ready Florida. Time to embrace ENLIGHTENMENT.
That bad thing about Florida is the wages are significantly under other economic centers. Sure, we don’t have state income tax but the real estate market makes it near impossible for first time house buyers.
Fact: The Phosphorus Mines are contaminating the Everglades and the Florida Keys.
Thank you Ron.
Most of the people created their wealth in the northern states. I lived in Florida before and is not the best state to earn crazy money or start from zero. Florida is great when you are already made and succesful.
Ok so I should just move out of Florida
Go back to your state please, for the love of god
Im from florida and it got so ridiculously expensive so fast i had to move out  of my home rent had tripled in some areas.
Democrat ran cities have seen a max exodus due to poor polices, corruption, high taxes,  and crime which has brought many feeling democrat ran cities to states like Florida and Texas,
Florida ia a retirement spot for old people and the already accomplished. It's not a place you wanna start from the ground up. Not impossible, just more difficult.
1:00 That is the flag of New York City, not New York State
The assumption is that giving people control of their lives and how they are taxed is somehow a BAD thing.  Consider moving to another state having laws and policies more in line with your own beliefs to simply be another form of voting.
As a born and raised Floridian, please stop moving to Florida!  The constant building of overpriced, zero-lot-line, single family homes and ugly apartments is destroying the land.  Also, when you move here with your high paying remote job you drive up the prices of everything for everyone that is already here who are being paid much much less since our pay is calculated based on already being in Florida.
Explain PPP GDP vs Nominal gdp
The reason they leave those states is because they are run terribly
If you believe any figures published by the state of Florida I have some prime Florida swampland I would like to sell you.
There are so many huge buildings on the east side now that the sea breeze that used to cool the rest of civilization inland is gone. Instead, it's a hot muggy swamp.
No mention of climate change. With hurricanes increasing in frequency and severity, large swathes of the state are becoming uninsurable. Moving all of this economic activity is irresponsible and will come at the expense of everyone else when the federal government is the insurer of last resort and supplies aid to repeatedly rebuild.
Goes off on tangents.  Ignores the fascist state government with anti-education attitudes.
Great video. Nice breakdown. Would have been more complete had you explained one of the major reasons for movement form NY, WA, CA, etc., into Florida--political policies. It's why FL has been also trending more in one political direction. But I suppose that you probably wanted to make the video non-controversial; although this is a major factual issue.
Your stats of net migration were from 2022. I live in Florida and folks are leaving in droves starting late 2023 to this year. It's too dang expensive to live here and talented workers are realizing it was better to live in NY or CA. Housing insurance and car insurance alone are 3-4X higher than other states.
i dont dislike immigrants coming to florida, unless theyre from new york.
I've been in Florida my whole life, and I can't wait to leave. All the woods I grew up playing in are gone, the roads are congested, and the entitled, bitchy, boomers from the northeast make it miserable. The cost of living doubles every 10 to 15 years, and the pay hasn't doubled in the last 25. The cops target the young people and harass them, and never pull over all the drunk boomers. All the young people are leaving, if you grow up here, and stay here, you'll just be a wage slave to entitled pricks. RUN.
It’s lower taxes innit
I’m in need of your prayers and healing vibes. Please keep me in your thoughts as I work towards better health.
Left wing morons moving to red states to vote for the policies that made them leave their states in the first place lol
Currently a lot of Florida's attraction is diminishing. In Florida, auto insurance is 3x the national average. If you can even get or afford homeowners insurance, it's likely from surplus line insurers, which are the bottom of the barrel and aren't required to follow all FL insurance regulations. After the condo collapsed in Sunrise, FL, new legislation requires all condos to be inspected and brought up to many building codes, causing assessments to individual condo owners in the tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars. Residential and commercial properties with mortgages often require flood insurance which is astronomically expensive. Many retirees living on fixed incomes cannot afford these expenses yet cannot sell their properties because of these issues and high interest rates. I could go on, but the truth is a lot of recent arrivals regret moving here and the fact that FL has no state tax means little in light of the cost of living here.
Keywords: Econimic Brain drain
STAY OUT OF FLORIDA
The dark blue states have the lowest income tax.  It is fueled by the California and NY Tri-state exodus
Gee I wonder why the numbers are inversed from New York to Florida.     As a native of Florida, GET OUT OF THE LEFT LANE!
You missed one extremely important point.  One of the main reasons for people moving here to Florida is politics.  I speak to many interstate migrants for business and personal reasons.  The most cited and strongest reason is almost always the political nature of our state.  You cite indirectly for instance the rift between our government and Disney as a negative.  It was a positive, and has been misconstrued by all main stream media.  People are very interested in having control over the  education of their children and many that I have talked with have been heavily influenced by this issue in their decision to move here.  Economics- your world - is not everything- believe it.  Otherwise your video was very informative.  Thank you.
the rich are ruining the state of florida.
8:47 it forces jurisdictions to compete for workers based on a number of metrics, but ideology, cultural issues, and policies addressing those are right at the top, the areas negatively effected are those with the harshest, most radical, or forceful in their engagement on these issues to which others are tired of being subjected to (and experimented on)
fla really? I call BS
Stability and Confidence are a bit too high. Florida has long history of boom and bust real estate cycles, the most famous from 1920's hurricanes just before the Great Depression. Linked to this is residential real estate insurance, which is too dependent on state government backed Citizens Property Corp and could all come crashing down if there is a major hurricane.
If you can't handle the heat stay out of the kitchen. Please... stay out of the kitchen
It's REALLY HOT & HUMID IN FLORIDA DON'T MOVE HERE, THERE I MEAN THERE YOU DON'T WANT TO LIVE IN FLORIDA! PLEASE DO NOT COME HERE!! 🙏 I MEAN DO NOT GO THERE!! 😅
Just f*uckin great now more people are going to move here DAMNIT!!! FML!! GO AWAY!!!! 😅
He's got some facts right but their not 100%. Dont bother living here. Trust me.
The economy numbers are fake when compared to inflation
is it really grow tho? more like shift because people move there and other states actually go down
FLORIDA NEVER WANTED THE TRASH THAT GOT HERE POST PANDEMIC
😮
Always interesting thank you.
God bless and guide America
Most of Florida is trash now. Why would anyone want to move to this state anymore?
I realized that the secret to making a million is saving for a better investment. I always tell myself you don't need that new Maserati or that vacation just yet. That mindset helped me make more money investing. For example last year I invested 80k in stocks and made about $246k,but guess what? I put it all back and traded again and now I am rounding up close to a million
Point of Information: at 1:00 you're showing the New York CITY, not New York STATE flag.
Moving to Florida is as much a protest against the over taxation of California and New York. It also is due to safety issues and property prices.
Miami isn't the states biggest city. Jacksonville is.
Florida the retirement home state. This will become an issue with aged care and as someone who works in that field im horrified for you all
the only reason the economy in Florida grew is because when Covid happened we knew they were lying and trying to trick us Americans. its a woke state full of republicans and I honestly love it here... y'all can move back now were at capacity
We need all of these consumer goods to keep the gators away
How is competition for economically advantageous legislation a bad thing? Competition is always a good thing in economics.
The real problem is legislation.
get a partner to share a 1/1 with and life is easy
So much wealth in our Country...yet half of the Country is in poverty.  25% in extreme conditions..heading to drug towns to die.  USA is lost...
I dont see how lower taxes and competition between the states are a bad thing
Might need to take into account our insurance problems due to hurricanes.
Florida is returning to swampland.
Lived in Central Florida my entire life and reached moving out of my parents age when Covid hit, finally moved out this year and everything is absolutely unaffordable. Please stop moving here.
Yes. The final death  stages of capitalism without community level cheating.
As a native floridian i say calmly (yet firmly) we are full, stop coming to florida 🤣
BREAKING NEWS: FLORIDA MAN EATS FA-
Florida is less restrictive?? Or just more corrupt?? Crazy choice of words there lol
And now I can’t even afford to live where i grew up. Thanks.
Jacksonville is the biggest city in Florida, not Miami.
New York moves to Florida, California moves to Texas
anyone who is watching this and planning to move to florida DON'T. WE ARE FULL.
I love Grammarly!
Dude you explained how rich northerners ruined our state perfectly, they bring their money to the cities, drive the prices up, and the real Floridians get driven out to the cheaper places away from the city center. I ended up leaving Florida because I didn't want to spend my whole paycheck just to live.
Old people die as soon as they move to Florida...😂😂😂😂man...snorted
Maybe next time use The New York State flag instead of the New York City Flag.
when you realise its just because GTA VI
We've always been a place that everyone moves to, the difference is that the people moving here now are wealthier and are taking the jobs of equally educated Floridians. These people move from places with higher wages and continue to get paid NY and California wages while Floridians with the same skill levels are paid less. Its gentrification on a massive scale and in some ways feels like an internal form of colonialism.  Its not all bad, the growth is driving companies to build long distance passenger rail, our cities are densifying, overlooked smaller cities like St. Pete, Lakeland, and Sarasota are really starting to come alive. The cool people who made places like St. Pete a destination who now can't afford to live there are now making places like New Port Richey, Winter Haven, and Deland better with more vibrant downtowns. As a born and raised Floridian who absolutely loves this state and its diversity and who knew it could always be a bigger player I'm happy to see us get our shine but I would be lying if I didn't find myself worrying with massive anxiety every time my lease renewal comes up that I'm going to be priced out. Rent in my building has gone from about $750 a month to $1,200 for a tiny studio apartment in a lackluster building from the 1930's in just the last couple of years. There was a guy who lived below me when I first moved in who is now homeless, he was employed as a chef but the wages didn't rise with the cost of the rent increase and now I see him living in his car.
I would have thought the insanely high home insurance premiums would put the brakes on the influx of people.
As a floridian you dont want to move here, its terrible. Its hot, humid, got mosquitoes, aligators, hurricanes, its just terrible.  Im just a dumb redneck who could never think of surviving in somewhere as thriving as new york city.
Absolutely moronic pandemic policies in CA and NY got the smart people looking for better options, and when they got their tax bill in 2022 and 2023, that was the final straw 😂
Oh the most aggressive Dem states are losing out to Florida because if their own policy choices? Boohoo that’s so sad
Put back on your "I <3 NY" t-shirt and GTFO of FLORIDA you Yanks
Geriatric STDs, financial boondoggles and asset bubbles are not growth.
Exploration
Because of the yoink guy
Farmland? And farms?
Kinda looks opportunistic. Or may develop into something that will be?
But they were attracted naturally.
Man I live in Florida and this sucks lol
I’ve lived in Florida all my life and I can confidently I’m tired of all you coming here
Surprise! Tax people like crazy and they move (if they can).
Why Maryland is doing bad?
Imagine if the other States were as free. How dynamic the US Economy could actually perform? It’s like having a Racer dragging an anchor behind it. We’re doing the opposite of Florida in New York. And you see the results. People leaving 🏃🏻 🏃🏻 🏃🏽‍♀️ 🏃🏽‍♀️💨
The extreme case you mentioned where young people all move to the same places is not a bad thing. Young people go to the most productive places, and work there in their most productive years. When they retire they leave, and move to the least productive places, where they can chill after a productive life.   That leads to a constant cycle, and government funds can be more efficiently spent. Because we know… uhh Nebraska is always going to be a place with many retirees, we know the state doesn’t need as much money for the services used by young people, and the money can go to the states we know have more young people. Conversely, we know that Nebraska needs more funds for services for older people.
I used to live there. Weather is it's main advantage. Next Disney world. After that beaches. Possibly computer science. Chip manufacturing.
People move here for the weather, cheaper living, and nice beaches. All so they can complain it’s too hot, make it more expensive to live here, and litter on our beaches
As a Floridian, please stop moving here. There’s nowhere affordable to live and Miami barely speaks Spanish anymore. Also, if you’re from New York, the alligators WILL eat you
In the 70’s 80’s they used to say Florida is a swamp. Now is an expensive swamp.
0:16 Japan, Germany, and the UK have not been economically stagnant. That graph is misleading since it shows GDP measured at current rates, so it includes inflation. If you were to show the graph with a constant USD rate (like Constant 2015 USD), showing real GDP growth, you'd see that the economy of these countries has definitely grown.
Well informed as always! Keep it up mate! 😊
Florida is just tourism 😢
Free movement of human capital is GOOD.
You are using the wrong flag for New York. I'm pretty sure that's the New York City flag, not the New York State Flag. If you are referring to the city when you say 'New York' then say 'New York City' there is so much more to New York State besides just the city and it is extremely rude to constantly use the wrong state flag. Please consider changing this in your new videos. Thank You.
It's 'old people Miami' of course its growing.
Florida is a shithole. People moving here to save money are the biggest clowns in the nation because your expenses here will eat up your tax savings, and you’ll get a crumbling city in exchange for it.
Miami is the hub
US TAXES Federal level State level AND city level too 💀 we get taxed so much here
I have no desire to move to Florida. I’m allergic to Bermuda grass.
Rent and traffic are ridiculous in Silicon Valley and Manhattan.  Sending 20% of our workers elsewhere will make life better in those areas, not worse.
Thank you for saying the truth Florida "grows" at the expense of all the other states. The Florida Scam has been mass stealing Americans elderly family members for decades like a Pied Piper. And the Florida Grift  from other states has only gotten worse and worse. Frankly the FAKE "no income tax" states need to be cut off from the taxes everyone pays in the rest of the country.
Florida gonna get n is already getting so expensive that most Floridians will have to leave. Florida if we make it that far.  Will be the new California.
I mean…it’s political..duh. It’s not a hard tell tell sign. Look from where they are moving from. Florida is a lifestyle. Hopefully the ones that ain’t from here make their mind up and stop tryna change it. Aka “I’m from(insert state), and the food is way better there.” Person 😂😂
You all are really not ready for the heat down here and you should stay where you are. You northerners are not built for this kind of weather and you will regret moving here. So do yourselves the favor and just move somewhere else!!
What, america taxes people over seas.
Ahh, you've noticed another thing in a red state which doesn't seem to match up with reality.  You are correct to be suspicious as ron is a non-stop fraud.  It's false economic signaling by corrupted and captured institutions by republicans which have caused these sorts of false narratives to appear.  So, yeah, florida is growing just as a whole industry has shut down there... one which impacts the biggest industry, homes, in said state.  It's one of those, do nyou believe right wingers talking about economics or your bleepin' eyes.... 😅
God bless the Free State of Florida.❤
*cough cough* DeSantis *cough cough*
To the MOON!!!
Idk if moving means growth
I love how this channel always portrays good results from conservative policy in a negative light, but terrible results from liberal policy in a positive light.    Who funds you guys to spread propaganda?  “Florida is a success story but at the expense of other states”.  Isn’t that how things usually work?  Californias success doesn’t come at the expense of other states?
Florida does not increase national productivity, it just leeches off of it. Brain drain means a race to the bottom in public k12 education… migrating seniors earn high salaries in rich states and spend their pensions leaving the rest with less to pay for education.  Add that much real  investment literally will be under water in 50-60 years… they already have to subsidize home insurance.
Lol...
Stop having kids!!! It’s too expensive and then they will have to relax on prices. I’m thinking about the next generations because we are screwed
Conservative state succeeds, becomes attractive place to live, gets invaded by people fleeing poorly-run democrat states, who vote for democrats that ruin their new state. Rinse and repeat.
It’s not real economic growth. It’s all inflation. Propped up by deficit spending and federal reserve bond purchases. The United States can report whatever growth numbers it wants. It is a very sick giant, and people are struggling
China Lies. America has always been growing faster than China, they have just been lying about their growth from the beginning.
A video on "Florida" when all the photos are of Miami or Disney.
For boomers and senior citizens in florida, the current market and economy are unnecessarily harder. I'm used to simply purchasing and holding assets, which doesn't seem applicable to the current volatile market, and inflation is catching up with my portfolio. My biggest concern is whether I'll survive after retirement.
Texas keeps sending people to NY, NY sends people to Florida it is all working out. Keep up the population migration going! The government thanks you for your generous tax contributions.
Oh god you know it’s bad when Florida is the glue holding us together 😂
Democrats are ruining states like California and New York.
Reading news articles about the economy is a horrible way to get a take on how the economy is going. People moving in-to Florida are not having any difficulty keeping up, because new housing is being built, increased production of energy and water is driving down prices, making living in Florida easier. Nobody is fleeing any state with a shrinking economy besides New York, Cali, and Delaware... basically all of that is for purely political prosecution and awful tax/regulatory environments. Your comment on the spat with Disney in FL, was so off base it's hard to fathom. Multiple raids from the FBI and local law enforcement for distributing Child... stuff. They got city provided law enforcement for free, tax incentives, and then decided to bite the hand that feeds so to speak. If you are a business that gets handouts from the government, you probably shouldn't mess with that government. I don't feel sorry for those pedos.
a lot of this one was smoke and no fire.
Didn't get into any specifics, only generalities.  Good comments, though.  Read those, skip the vid.
A race to freedom  Is a race to the bottom  according to this bloke  with respect to taxation under the threat of prison.
People leaving your state is a good reason to try to make your state more competitive. More competition is always a good thing.
*BASED RETIREMENT TOURIST TRAP KEYS WEST COAST SPACE STATION DIDNEY WHURL HURRICANE SUNSHINE STATE* O7
1:02 that’s the flag of New York City not New York State. I mean, I suppose it could be a subtle reference to NYC’s power but likely an error.
You know there is other location aside from flordia, like south georgia, plenty space there.
This may be outdated. The cost of home insurance is absolutely crippling to the state, and inflation in Florida is probably the worst in the country. Not to mention that it has become a laboratory of fascism. Florida is at risk of a bust cycle that might take the rest of the country with it. Also, Miami, for all its wealth, is one of the worst cities in the nation when it comes to inequality and cost of living.   Frame of reference: former Floridian whose parents would leave the state if they could
China's books are baked
Federalism is the only way forward for America
Chinas GDP growth is faster than the US. Never heard such nonsense in my life.
Unlike other advanced economies that hit the stagnation point after they become high income because people don't want to work, the US has a continual supply of incoming labor and people combined with the fact that the US functions much like the Roman Empire, its military goes out, takes the best talent in nations like Iraq and Afghanistan, brings them to world class universities, to conduct research for that juicy military industrial complex and then the entire cycle repeats ad infinitum.  Florida has a few major advantages that are not shared by other states; No state income tax, excellent year-round weather, extremely friendly attitudes to business and personal property rights. Most importantly, Florida came into play at a time where everything that made Silicon Valley and NYC great places to work and develop talent, now doesn't need to live in those states. So it makes sense that people who can make a NY or California salary but can now either work remotely or in Florida in a place with better weather and a dramatically low cost of living by comparison. It really is this cost of living difference between Florida and either California and NYC that further encourages all of these people to move there. The problem is these moronic people often don't realize that the current business climate is directly from a result of certain policy decisions made up at the state level, and tend to vote for the exact same things they just left their own state for; Californians and NYers I am directly looking at you. Don't turn Florida into the next NY, remember why you left or fled.
As a floridian, please move down to New Havana, we dont claim that city no more
Desantis focusing on the wrong “immigrants”
Florida Florida Florida! I like ohio
We are FULL. Please STOP moving here. Please visit our beaches and theme parks and give us your money and then LEAVE. Sincerely, Florida.
4rabet pe winnings turant mil jati hain, fair betting ke saath fast payout bhi milta hai 💸🔥
Yaar 4ra pe jitna maza aata hai betting karne me, utni hi jaldi aur fair winnings milti hain 😃💰
Sach bro aur payment bhi bohot fast hota hai 4ra pe 💳 kabhi delay nahi hota
Haan yaar, 4RA pe navigation bohot simple hai, easily bets lagate hain aur jeette hain 💸🔥
Florida's 1.4 Trillion is probably mostly  in Monroe, Miami-Dade, Broward, Palm Beach, Orange, Seminole, Osceola, Hillsborough, Pasco, Collier, Leon and Duval counties. Florida has 67.  So about 18% carry the wealth of Florida. And I forgot the counties that make up the Villages (the land of high and unusual STI rates).
Yes the state has a lot of terrible land, but just being the closest state (besides Hawaii) to the tropic zone makes it very alluring.
The irony of the Grammarly chapter being named "Gramly"
I moved back to Tallahassee and don’t see myself moving away
How dare you, Florida? Being so attractive to individuals that other states cannot continue raising taxes while being incapable of offering minimum safety... How dare you?
The rampant authoritarianism in Florida and Texas are making those states highly undesirable long term for a huge subset of people. In fact, many of us are planning our own flight out over the next couple of years.   What I don't understand is, are these hyper values based or moralistic authoritarian policies the result of corporatism? The legalistic mindset with these states is becoming more and more severe and draconian with every passing year. Sure,  plenty of successful nations and states are authoritarian but why would you want to be controlled like that?
California is growing again this year.
Man, workers in Florida must be making GREAT salaries and reap HUGE rewards for catapulting their economy the way they do, right?   RIGHT??
Well as a Tampa resident about to graduate college I’ve seen everyone come here and ruin it. I thought i was being overwhelmingly negative about the situation but this video shows me I’m not. Yay? I was right about my home being ruined:(
I was born and raised in Florida, and struggled a lot to find affordable housing, in the end I've actually moved to a more rural part of Pennsylvania, due to both life issues and cheap housing. Though I do plan to move back home at the end of the year after recouping my finances.
i live in fl, i am no longer able to buy a home or rent
I just want to expand public transportation. Sunrail, Brightline should be networked across the state to move ppl around. Tired of roads under construction
Florida will have to build a wall soon.
My parents have owned homes in South Florida for about 25 years at this point. The growth in that area over that time has been astounding. New housing, new businesses, new infrastructure, new ammenities etc are being added almost daily.
I KNEW we were good for something
The cost of living hasnt been able to keep up with the influx of people not even worth staying here when i graduate nursing.
Brain drain in the US on a local scale has been happening for decades, and not just from state to state, but within the states themselves. Young people who go to college and are able to get good jobs (assuming they are from a rural part) simply almost never go back. They move to the city and wealthy suburbs adjacent to the big cities where the pay is good, the houses big, and the school great. Rural areas keep decreasing in their wealth and "brain power" and the wealthy areas just keep getting better. I feel like it is a contributing factor to this ever expanding social/political divide that's splitting the nation in half. It's a shame, but kind of the inevitable endgame with how things are currently structured.
I live in Jacksonville FL its crazy how many people live here.
I'm concerned that nothing will be done and over the next 20 years the United States will begin to balkanize if it hasn't already. That's the only solution I can realistically see with how hard the individual states and the national government are butting heads
I think a lot of places experiencing brain drain often have a lot of blame for it.  It's often because of policies that prevent new people from contributing creative innovation because they make laws that protect those in power and make it really, really difficult to do things like build your own house or start a business.  I left California because people vote for leaders that hate freedom and hate the idea of regular people being able to innovate.
Bro spelled grammarly gramly
FLAWWWWDA BABY
If New York and California want to stop this they really need to lower the goddam taxes.  It nearly impossible to live in New York with a 76k salary unless you decide to live in the slum, the average rent price in the city is around 2k for month.  Literally the cost of living in New York is physically killing us and mentally draining us.
Its worse here, our economy is like a flailing fish, fighting for its life. The normal state of the U.S. economy is actually very bad. Because of this it goes into convulsive spasms fighting to grow any way it can out of desperation. Tricks, gimmicks, rule changes try to stimulate the economy and prevent it from falling but they only bring temporary relief to people since, when you factor in inflation we are declining.
Because inflation and bloated numbers created by bidenomics
USA IS NOT OUT GROWING CHINA. THIS IS A PROPAGANDA LIE.
Our economy is growing???? Maybe for the rich ahahaha
Unfortunately Florida is full, please don’t move here please we are full, no room sorry
I moved to Florida from NY recently and honestly it makes me sad to see so many people coming here while the state continues to allow silly suburban sprawl and questionable infrastructure… I can understand why the locals are getting mad about it. There is so much natural beauty and wonder that is being destroyed with more and more sprawl, greed from developers
Itts all fun and games until florida is wet again and those people lose their lives.
desantis fir the win. if you can't afford florida get a better job. the economy is booming. All industry is hiring. it's your fault😮
it's because of tech and no income tax. saved you a tedious slog.
🤣🤣🤣Must you mention CHINA to get  the views🤔lmo
Staying in florida all my life i always knew our state was better then most
What about the sinking?
If you move to florida, always say please and thank you. Dont cut down our trees, and leave your emotional baggage and woes behind. Embrace liberty and freedom together.
The laws and anti-woke attitudes are also a major attractor to Florida. Criminals are actually viewed as "the bad guys" in Florida, which is very different than places like NY and Cali. The tax code in Florida is also a huge attraction.
😂 we're all going to sink anyways
GDP per capita (the average, or mean) does not show the concentration or distribution of income.  The Gini coefficient is a better measurement. Or at least use median income.   Cheap labor (including illegal aliens), a blackmarket economy (less law enforcement), and lots of land are big factors in keeping housing construction and low-wage job costs down.  Property owners know that more home construction dilutes the value of their properties, so they restrict new housing construction locally (NIMBY).
I had to move from Miami as I couldn't afford to purchase a home there. I live in Cape Coral now, and although I did purchase a few years ago, home prices here have skyrocketed. Northerners are buying homes cash, and they need storage places to keep their belongings in. Nothing here but homes, storage buildings, and self car washes. Life is getting more expensive by the day.😢
Great video!
Bad analysis. First fallacy: "just a few states..." That's just the Pareto principle. The most productive in any collection deliver most of the output. Second fallacy: Yes, the bigger you are, harder it is to grow. But America has held world leadership for decades, and continues to do so. We have become self-indulgent, but freest countries do best. And America has prospered EVEN in face of socialist depredations, "Thidwick" (parasite) burdens. To help academic economists, here's a form they can grasp. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xp95Q39nfOI Third fallacy: Govt is entirely good. Wrong. Govt. is a terrible necessity, to be limited to absolutely essential. "Race to bottom" is the whining of a stymied bureaucrat. I dare ANYONE to say, how much of GDP, in all forms, can govt. take before being destructive? In fact, no one can tell me right now how much govt. ALREADY takes. Go ahead and try. Remember, all forms. Fourth fallacy: Mainland China suffers under ruthless, totalitarian regime that refuses to allow any review of its economic claims. Remember what happened when USSR fell. We saw it put ALL its resources above population-survival into military. Same thing with evil Xi. PRC lies shamelessly. Fifth fallacy:  A home heating  system can't work without thermostat. An economy cannot work without price/demand feedback.
Anyone wondering when he will mention that Florida is growing primarily because it is banker to the Mexican Cartels?
Sounds like states like California should walk back their taxes and restrictions. Competition between states is extremely important to keep the entire nation’s economy competitive.
6:02 ' older resident die as they move in ' 😅
Everyone moved here during COVID to escape lockdowns and garbage restrictions.  DeSantis and the State Congress has also made the business environment much more attractive.   The problem is that now the housing market is absolutely overloaded to the point of being a joke, especially if you factor in inflation.  The American dream is dead for young families.  "You will own nothing, and be happy."
Republican states are more safe, free, clean, classy, and prosperous.  Democrat states have become apocalyptic nightmares. I moved from NY to NC a few years back.  Better beaches, better people, better politics, and better cost of living!
The new people moving here are ruining schools struggling to accomodate the new residents from the constant new buildings. And the nature is wearing away bro 😭
I’ve been born and raised in Florida, and still live here. It feels like the state is overrun with old people now, and it’s so hard to find any people my age nowadays. I respects old people who were born and raised here, but during the winter SOSOO many northerners come down for our warm weather. It’s really frustrating, and not to mention the loss of any culture we could have had because of all the tourists.. I’m not sure how much longer I’m going to live in Florida, it’s ridiculous at this point. And there’s so many people that don’t understand the way we drive here..  Hate to edit my comment but I want to note. When driving around sometimes I’ll look at the people driving near me, it’s very rare for them to be youthful. Florida NEEDS to be stopped getting advertised as some place where old grouchy people can retire. Restaurants I go to rarely have groups of young people. I worry for the states future if the youth keep Moving away, and the old keep moving in to retire, not even work.
I knew those Florida men were up to something.
Make a Playlist for US states you have done and preferably if possible do every state
The US is several independent "countries" that agreed to form a federation, not the other way around. Competition between states is good because it incentivizes the dissolution of uncompetitive policies that help no one and serves as a metric for performance. This video frames Florida's success as a problem, when it really should frame bad policies the the states that are donating to Florida's population as the problem.
I work for a startup that started in Miami. We actually moved to NYC because the local talent pool was subpar at best. The local universities in Florida are not nearly as good as Stanford, Berkeley or Ivy League schools - they attract the brightest people who intern build the best finance and tech companies. This is why NYC and the Bay Area cannot be replaced by Miami or Florida as a whole.
New Yorkers everywhere in NC too.
Florida actually has government & leadership that stands on law, order, integrity, and COURAGE. like Texas.
I don't see it as a problem. California and New York have made some pretty stupid decisions on how to run their states and are paying the price for it. Aside from being so hard to do business in, policies on crime, drugs, homelessness and other social issues have sent residents packing. FAFO is real.
It's because we don't politically have our heads jammed up our asses like a couple of other major states. California , New York I'm looking at you guys
Just copy Florida and stay where you are . Marxist nonsense , is killing America .
As someone who grew up in florida this sucks. The real estate market is ajoke ever since covid. I'm a software engineer and my wife is a nurse, we both make great money for our age and with hardly any debt we can barely afford to buy a 4/3 house. In central flroida any decent house is going to run you 500k when just a few years ago they would have been 300k
Netherlands as a federation?!? Wow! 😀
Numbers based on USD might be increasing, but that doesn't mean "growth." Government creating more dollars out of thin air creates inflation, not growth. Value hasn't been created. Products and services aren't worth more. Dollars are worth less
Sorry but I can't listen to somebody with an Australian accent tell me about America.  Everything he's saying is bullshit.
The problem is you don't want a bunch of woke septic people moving there so they can "FIX" your state with their progressive ideology. The same way they "FIXED" California and NYC.
Delusional economists working at this channel.
More like the government spends a trillion a year on a deficit to keep the debacle moving. If the US had a solved GDP it wouldn't be going into debt every year since 1999
10:53  The Netherlands is NOT a federation
conservative states ftw
It’s because of desantis
The growth is pushing and pricing native residents out. I guess there aren’t things to gain from the native residents so nobody cares, but it’s annoying.
A large chunk is at the expense of the rest of the US, look at the rates at which people from NY and CA are leaving and moving to FL.
Funny how you talk about different states, and you show their state flag. But when talking about New York, you are using the New York City's flag. Any reason why?
90% us economy is in the form of security anyways so it's mean nothing.
Artificial growth from printing dollar
STAY OUT OF FLORIDA! WE CANT AFFORD ANYTHING!
Whats funny we americans except ny dont like florida it's only boomers retiring
Freedom from Democrat communism is everyone I know reasons they moved to Florida. We call them all Leftugees.
prices are going up here stop coming here please
Florida española.
red states carrying the growth.
If 30 years ago I asked you to predict which party would produce a governor who for only his own political smoke & mirrors show would use an overreaching government power to nullify contracts with the state's largest monetary boon and to use his government overreach to appoint a new government committee to oversee the dealings of the company in the  state, then which party would you have guessed did this if asked 30 years ago?
Somebody that has actually believed official Chinese economic data and cited them as if they were true or even remotely accurate cannot expect to be taken seriously in any reasonable discussion.   Xina was never in position to rival America in any field, much less tie or overtake it.
Stop coming to Florida. There are no entry level jobs and the price of land is six times what it was six months ago.
Leave you're poor voting habits at the state border. You already ruined your own state, leave ours alone.
Florida will sink below the waves. in the time a 30 year mortgage is satisfied.
EE love your channel but you know china is lying about their GDP #s was that factored into their "growth" statistics?
to everyone coming here to florida GO TO ATLANTA THEY HAVE SO MUCH SPACE PLS WE’RE FULL HERE
I’m not seeing the downside If all states more actively compete for the best workers.  Competition is good.  As state that over taxes and under delivers services should loose people and wealth until it gets its act together.  It is all about providing more incentives for states to server their people well— something IMHO government in general gets too little of.
We dont have to worry with the republican denial of global warming florida is the future ............... ( ocean ) 😅
Oh okay so young educated workers are moving to florida so they are going to be libral and democrate ! Great !
The Netherlands a federation? Did you take the semi-autonomous regions like Curaçao in considiration or just the European Netherlands?
Fairly shallow analysis.  You did not discuss lower cost of living, lower crime rate, poor governance in the states that people are fleeing from etc.  Florida is pretty business friendly the only company who got into a fight with the Florda government is Disney. Disney, think they own Florida and have special rules and Disney have gotten woke and political therefore it is not a business anymore it is part of the democratic party
Sounds impressive when it lower the cost of living
There are reasons other than economy that make people move to Florida
I swear if I meet another person from Ohio.
Never underestimate the Florida Man.
Well yeah, Chines growth was US investment from the political class. China is going back to The Sick Man of Asia for the next 50 years.
Well, voting has consequences.
Having competition between the states is beneficial for all citizens. If a state is run poorly like NY or California, people can move to a better run state like Texas or Florida. Having no competition is communism!
Golly, gee, whiz, I wonder what the major difference is between the states with the most negative migration, and the states with the most positive migration.....
Can't tell if it's an ironic mistake or an ironic joke, but the sponsored Grammarly chapter is misspelled as Gramly.
As a Floridian. I watched those signs "new community! Houses starting at xxx" Which started off at $300k in one spot, same spot now the sign says starting at $1.3mil 😂 riight
It’s pretty easy for the states loosing workers to prevent it. Don’t suck so hard.
How New York beats Texas on your economic leaderboard is puzzling
In 10-15 years all the leftists from CA and NY will shift Florida to a reliably blue state which will get worse when the retirees pass. It will slowly develop CA-esque governance which will push the companies out again and those same people will be moving again. Until people realize their "I wanna look good to my friends when discussing politics" voting habits go away the cycle will repeat.
The northerners who moved down here and were buying up every property for well over market in cash has screwed over the entire state. Stay away from here. everyone is on bath salts, even the alligators
It's simple Florida votes red! We are a right to work state and have no state income tax. We have homestead tax exemtions and we encourage new business. Our roads and weather is excellent and we believe in law and order. We have problems like other states but our people generally work together and are respectful of others. Democrat politicians hate us simply because we are growing and developing while they through sheer greed depend on our capitol we generate that they totally subsist upon!
Is he trying to make an argument against free markets
Why you felt the need to make it seem as if it was Florida's fault for the Disney conflict is quite telling. Disney decided to pick the fight, decided to escalate the fight, and decided to take it to the courts. Only really dumb people think the fault lies with Florida (even if you disagree with Florida's school reforms). A business that wants to make money has no business (pun intended) jumping into divisive political debates that have literally no relevance to what they do. It was a self inflicted wound on Disney's part. Any corporation looking at that will wisely note, "Just stay out of it." They aren't going to avoid Florida just because Disney is run by a political tool bag.
Just a heads up, Florida's cheaper living expenses have disappeared quickly.  Tampa, not even Miami, has rent rates that have become comparable to NYC, the difference is our average salaries are about half of NY.  While you could be making $100k a year to be broke in NYC, people here are getting hired making less than $50k. So you end up with people sharing one bedroom apartments because it's what they have to do to get by.
I don't know if you've been to Miami recently, but it is absolutely as expensive as NYC in 2024
Hmmm, usually love your vids! However, it's hard not to say you've jumped the gun lon this one. I understand the desire to be ahead of the curve, but it's hard not to say this will not age well if reviewed in 18 months or more....  Stay cool down under and good luck with your housing bubble....
States need to compete with each other:  Its NOT a "Race to the Bottom".. it is a race to the TOP:  The most successful policies cause the most success... and are able to be copied and optimized by the other states.. it is MADE to work like this.
IDK if you see the big pic
We are strong because we are a red state. DeSantis is our pride and joy. Your pride is the LGBTQ and illegals… I just came back from Colorado, I’ve seen what it looks like to live like a blue state. Illegals and homeless people everywhere! Please FL, keep doing what you’re doing. Vote red and save America. These libbies are killing our country
its more about the extreme woke demmy hiveminds driving ppl out
Fun fact everyone thinks that Florida is this right-wing Republican racist hellscape. But in reality by population most people in Florida are about as left as California. The state is just heavily gerrymandered in the Republicans favor and there's a disproportional amount of Republicans in many voting districts because everyone's f****** racist granddad lives here
Miami's not Florida's biggest city Jacksonville is a higher population in this 875 square miles making it the largest city in the lower 48 states. It's closer in size to the state of Rhode Island than it is to any other city outside of Alaska
What are the reasons why corporations move to Florida in the first place is because of workman's comp and pay roll taxes. Corporates pay 60 less the any other state for things like unemployment taxes basically bank bankrupting the staff unemployed and disability system
W bro
I love Florida ❤
Ya'll need Jeb Bush!
I live in the “backwoods” of central Florida basically & so many apartment complex buildings being built up where orange groves used to thrive. My drive to work i see gutted flat lots where i used to party in the woods 😔. literally sink hole central though. Yall crazy coming here. Its hot & publix is expensive.
Thank you Ron DeSantis
Florida has been ruined because of everyone flooding down here. My family has been here for generations and we are all shocked by how bad it’s gotten. My little beach town of New Smyrna beach is ridiculous now
Born and lived in Florida for 26 years, I had to move out because it got too expensive to live there and I had no family saftey net (they left before me).  For context, at that time, I was not a skilled worker. More of a general laborer or retail worker.
Do the state of Ohio as your next analysis
New York and California are NOT "poor states" but the two richest.  So isn't migration out of those states is actually a good re-distribution of talent?
Florida is the greatest state in the nation!  Oasis of Freedom!
Florida is full. Stop moving here. How are my kids ever going to own a home when the prices keep shooting up?
yes stop moving to  FL ................................................... the roads arent ready for you!
Maybe all states should act like Florida
The United States is an Index fund and Florida is one of the better performing stock.
Seems reasonable that competition between states for capital and workers would, on net, cause states to adopt better policies and abandon self-destructive ones? Acting as a check on the ability of states to act abusively?
we see this exact problem in Switzerland with the canton of Zug.
The traffic is horrible here they keep throwing up condos I mean 12 at least and they’re not even filled yet they’re still building more coyotes are moving more into public areas rats are moving into more public areas cause they keep implanting here then they’ll complain and want to kill OUR wildlife for their benefit ruining what drove them here in the first place there are plenty of other states that aren’t land locked
Let's get out of the Union.
They've destroyed roughly twelve thousand acres of land in plant city. Goodbye forest and cow pastures. Hello housing developments.
See his manager sends him articles to read. Thats why this info is so biased. Economic growth is good. Save the money, the government wants you to own nothing and obey them. Sadly they are a bunch of druggies and sexual deviants. The Government always protects criminals like Biden and keeps America doing well, but not too well.
wow!! how crazy!! who would've thought that when you leave the people alone, don't put laws and restrictions on them, tax them less, and generally let companies and business do as they please, the economy does better! isn't that crazy and absurd? (im being sarcastic obviously)
Excellent piece. My one suggestion is that you should emphasize that it isn't Florida that is doing things to attract the non-retirees, it is the heavily blue high tax and high regulation states that are running off their middle class and rich.
Jesus loves us
Murca’s bridge keep falling down
Florida is one of the last Freedom centered states in America because of the current nonsensical democrap party! We have a great governor that stands for America despite the anti-American federal government! Don’t move here if you want to turn here into there (the place that you want to escape) because we don’t want your there, here!
I live here in Florida the pay is not good at all. I would recommend taking this video with a grain of salt.
Florida is FULL!!  STOP moving here!!!!!!!
Please stop moving to Florida. I remember how nice and calm it was here 30 years ago. Even 20 years ago. Now the traffic sucks and everything is expensive. Also I do not believe what you say about the U.S. economy. It's a lie. Hardly anything is made in the U.S. anymore. Everything is made in China.
Completely obfuscates the rich Spanish culture and history of this region… pretty shocked at your historical recap section..
People are leaving California and New York (Liberal) and moving to Texas and Florida (conservative) because democratic Leadership has run those states into the ground. It’s as simple as that.
Good luck to those companies when they have to rebuild every year after a hurricane.. and insurance fees, maintence fees, findinding skilled laborers etc…. Headache
Please stop moving here. Ya'll are ruining our once quite beach towns.
DDDDDDDUUUUUVVVVVVAAAAAALLLLL
I’m a realtor in florida
As someone who lives in TN that would explain the uptick in FL plates I see.
Pls stop coming to Florida
GTFO OF FLORIDA
Floridians under skilled n uneducated use to survive on jobs that other states where kids part time jobs for students etc those days are gone . Gotta keep up
FLORIDA seen it coming baby boomers are retiring . Been here 25 years it’s retired folks from up north
P:)
It's China under Xi's "brilliant" leadership destroys itself's economy, not the US necessarily doing better than before
The reason for the migration to Florida is we appreciate our lifestyle, sun sea and the worlds most beautiful beaches in the North West. We have a plural culture drawing from the jewel of multinational islands to our south that reach into the Americas. Geographically we are connected to the islands, North, Central and South America which wouldn't matter if they didn't come to shop and connect. We also draw on our European connections to the UK and the Pacific regions Australia, Phillipines South Africa and Ukraine thru the yachts and ships that frequent ours ports. We are not just the gateway to the islands but now most of the world yet we are still based in a family and friends culture. We have the uber blue wealthy in Palm Beach which history goes back to the Carnegies, the Kennedys, Fords just a few and then Boca is the new wealthy.  Here you can be out on the town and be drinking with a billionaire in the next seat over and not even know it. Then you have the celebrities in Miami on Star and Fischer Island.  We have cultural celebrations and food festivals that display the island and nation foods , colors and charisma.  Many long to travel the world but here the world comes to you... yet 20 miles west your in huckleberry fin territory or  drive south and roller coaster over the water, islands and keys to our Indian and pirates history to the southern most point of America at Key West. Whatever your thing is we have it nearby or at your front door.   Yes no Taxes, lots of sunshine and always a way to make money but the above is why they are coming. I've been around the world three times and.... there's no place like home.
They are moving to Florida because of Republican policies that protect the citizens. Democrats from NY and other states are moving here. Their Democrat policies don’t protect NYrs. So please vote Republican because it’s why you’re coming here and leaving NY.
I moved to Florida and I am so glad I did. If other people want their state to do better, they need to make their state better. I would never have left where I came from if they were better. They did this to themselves. Other states need to up their game.
The construction industry is completely non English speaking.  Non NATIVES of America.much less Florida.
Love how all the democrats move to a Republic state to get away from their own political bullshit to try & ruin ours.  Wake up Floridians.
hey can't help the fact that Flordia is a low-tax state NY, & CA are still great places to live, don't count them out  just wait on it
STOP COMING TO FLORIDA IF YOU WAS NOT BORN HERE!!!! Idgaf how much money u got people was raised here keep your old asses somewhere else
As a resident of Florida in one of the fastest growing regions (dade/broward/palm beach area) the cost of living is ABSOLUTELY not lower than New York or California.
What cocky disinformation!!!!  Chinas economy grew double that of the USA last year
An economy channel complaining about competition. I have seen everything ! If people move out to another State it is because they find an interest and the economy isn't a static cake. People and companies leaving bad states for work/business/conditions of living for a better State is good for them but also for the economy and the country overall. It "punishes" States that do bad policies and reward good policies. Not for nothing if the USA has the biggest economy of the world and one of the richest population. I mean everything isn't perfect but the structure of governance incentivizes better economic policies than what is applied in most of the world.  To come back on the static cake fallacy, if high skilled workers and companies move to the most pro-business States, it allows them to exploit more of their economic potential and make more money. The overall GDP of the USA and economic growth is thus higher. The only real short-term/middle-term issue that can happen is that some locals could be left behind if there aren't enough houses built and their salaries lag behind real estate prices. But that's unfortunately a World issue that many countries face even without mass migrations - due to imbalance between demand and supply, in cities mainly.
WARNING This video is useless trash, not worth listening to, and with a stinking commercial injection.
"Florida is full of swamps and hard to navigate" that one made me laugh. 😂😂😂 I'm going to go on the limb and say, you haven't really traveled around in Florida...
Florida is gonna be your underwater in 30 years
Cost of living is about the same as New York in Florida. Inflation has hit us very hard.
The real issue is that the other states are not learning by the exemple with Florida. The reason it is growing is not only because of capital moving out but productive growing
Did you mention the pandemic response? If so, I missed it.
The Disney vs Florida probably ATTRACTS as many businesses as it might discourage.
"Florida man singlehandedly taking on the Chinese"
As a Floridian, please don’t move here. You are not welcome.
I am a third generation Floridian, born n raised, and I approve this message
As a lifelong Tampan, I apologize.
As a person in the LGBTQ community I don't think Florida is the best state to even move to if you are apart of the community, looking at the laws they have passed more recently, especially their Anti Trans laws
Tranfer Payments,remove that from the equation Fl is insolvent in a month (days).
Advice if you decide living here is better, at least if you feel…Miami…is good idea…it’s not like what this video is saying really, it’s expensive, at least compared to the average pay. It’s over crowded, surrounded by water but it’s considered a “gateway” into the country by some other countries. Forgot which one and exactly what the saying was, anyway, jobs are still kinda hard to get ? Most people just feel the best idea is the medical field or something online. Might be able to find something if you have specialties but search hard and apply wide. The final and most  important tip, retake your drivers test….like actually pay for a teacher and let them explain while your both on the road at least, your car insurance company will thank you.😂
I can speak for all my fellow native Floridians when i say: F*CK OFF, WE'RE FULL.
I thought everyone hated Florida and it was the worst place on earth?  Please stay out.
Florida Man saves the world.
Leaving Florida by De end of April 2024. Unsustainable
So much of this is wrong
Everyone from Cleveland Ohio go back 😂
Please stop making Florida sounds so great there’s not enough room for more people
As a Texan, this gave me great insight into my competition. Excellent stuff.
Its because of all the 💩 policies of the democrates driving people from those states to Florida😂
India replaced the United Kingdom as the 5th largest economy in the world by GDP.  Please update your video with the correct information. :)
Florida is America's Wang! - Homer Simpson
A lot are moving there because it’s a red state now. People are fed up with being taxed to death and then the money used for migrants
As a Florida man, we need to build a great, BIG, WALL attached to a giant airplane net to halt interstate migration, and make New York pay for it! D:<
I bet that Texas migration statistic doesn’t include illegals 5:28
Why did you frame this as Florida being the bad guy? Maybe those other states should elect leaders to pass legislation that copies the advantages Florida has.
WE DID IT. but at what cost
If California doesn't want to lose tax-payers, perhaps it needs to do more to accommodate their residents. Compete.  Everyone represented on those migration charts are making decisions for their family to pursue, what they believe, better opportunities afforded to them by Florida. This video seems to be ignoring that reality and focusing on the "downsides" of people moving towards better uses of their resources, which is what economics is all about.
No growth is worth having Florida
Sure doesn't feel like were that great. Maybe because all the money is flowing to the top.
When you elect a real President instead of an Orange Moron….You get a real economy instead of a corrupt Oligarchy.
If the highly trained, highly skilled workers are leaving regions like California and New York, what does that tell you about the places they are leaving, yet those places never change the policy that lost them those workers in the first place. why would competitions within the states not be a good thing? with demands for higher minimum wages and other regulations, why not let competition create those advantages?
Turns out if you abuse your citizens they leave. Who knew? Maybe New York and California should reconsider their taxes and fight corruption
The issue with Florida is the overall pay hasn’t kept up with the growth of the state. Costs go up and our salaries stay the same.
I'll believe California is "losing population" once the cost of living starts to come down. Funny how California is somehow losing population yet cost keep going up? 🤔
Great video, but I wish you could have elaborated a little bit more at the end on the situation with "regular people" who live in Florida. If you were to search any professional position's average annual income by state on a site like Ziprecruiter, for *most* positions, Florida has the lowest income out of all of the US, even lower than poorer states like West Virginia and Mississippi. Everything from four year degree required positions like Landscape Architect ($56,085/yr in Florida) and Cybersecurity Engineer ($82,703/yr in Florida), to no degree required trades like Welder($36,305/yr in Florida) and Machinist ($36,115/yr in Florida) , are paid much less than any other state in the US.   Now that's if you're lucky enough to be a professional. For years there has been almost no industry in Florida, other than tourism and service, so that's what many people work in. Restaurants, hotels, and retail stores are by far the largest employers in Florida. The average salary for a night auditor in Florida is $13 an hour, while the average in the US is around $19, according to Ziprecruiter. The average Retail Store Manager salary is $17/hr in Florida, while in the the average in the US is $23/hr, and for a Line Cook, the numbers are the same as the Night Auditor.  While these numbers are just an averages, and don't necessarily represent the highest or lowest ends of the spectrum,  let's keep this in mind as a qualitative example, because now we have to talk about the big one. Rent.  Florida is a large state, geographically speaking. A large majority of Florida's population density exists on the coastlines, with some outliers in the cities between Tampa and Orlando, while most of the rest of central Florida is agricultural, and not dense at all. If we look at a city on the coast, Fort Myers, for example, the average monthly rent is $1927 a month. According to Rentcafe, the lowest average rent for a given city in Florida is $1500/month.  To qualify to rent in the US, one must make a net income of the cost of rent x 3. Yes, net income, not gross. So to qualify to rent in the lowest average rent area, 1500 x 3 = 4500/month TAKE HOME. Per year that's 4500 x 12 = $54000. This has successfully priced out professionals like the architect, the welder, and the machinist, without having to live with their families or find roommates. The service workers are now going to have to find more roommates than they already had, and the cybersecurity engineer can actually start to build a savings or investment account as a single person, if they choose to own their own car outright (no payments), keep their utilities bills down, go on a diet of peanut butter and ramen, and not purchase any goods or services for their own entertainment.    Again, as a former Florida resident, I mostly have first hand experience of how bad this really is. In the future, I predict an exodus of young professionals that are making less than $100k a year because things are completely unsustainable at this point for a grown adult that wants to live independently. I know the West as a whole is having cost of living issues right now, but Florida has definitely hit the extreme, and more than likely you will find cheaper rent and higher pay in other parts of the US.
i thought economies usually shrink in warzones
As a Miamian my whole life, THIS IS A HORRIBLE STATE.  A HORRIBLE PLACE TO LIVE IN. BEACHES ARE RUN BY THE GHETTO AND THE LOUD OBNOXIOUS MUSIC.  don’t come
Florida is sinking  stop coming here.
for the love of god stop moving to florida
It’s that OF money 😭😂 Them Outta-State fiends want that Miami cash
Florida GANG 😎
N a small town, it has grown soo much in florida, it really  upsets us long time residents !
Well run, non-abusive government. It's not that hard to figure out.
Get out !
The decline of the large cities and bad policies that push the surge here. Florida hasn't really changed the rest of the country did. It's harder to pass destructive policies because of the elderly and business. We have seen how it fails,we get new ppl here everyday telling us why
To other states: Skill Issue
How ironic.
Can we Floridians just declare independence so all this immigrations stops maybe a good idea could be to free Cuba from the communist regime and let her join us.
W USA
This is a friendly reminder to the new people and tourists coming to Florida. Stay out of the left lane. It doesn't matter how fast you think your going. It's really not that hard.
It's a rent seekers' economy in the US. You really have to understand the property market. The low land prices in Florida allow lower wages while still providing a decent surplus for the worker. The relationship between property values and availability of low wage labor is quite obvious when living here! Now consider what happens to this system when you introduce property devaluation due to climate change. Yes, the USA is moving its low wage workers to areas most likely to be devastated by climate change. Well done, America!
The current economy in America is in the trash. The national debt is $34TRILLION and growing. The inflation is growing faster than wages. Most of our manufacturing has been removed. Most jobs are in sales and servicing of imported consumer goods.  It is hard to fault China, we buy most of our consumer goods from them.
Pollution will be Florida downfall.
storms are gonna hurt florida. i know i am tired of them, and hurricane season june 1st. sure is a beautiful day today though !
EASY=NY&CA are woke and going broke, TX&FL are solidly based 2A & Freedom States
For a place that's expected to go under water because of global warming, it's ironic the population is growing.
Florida is NOT cheap anymore
I'm a dishwasher with a home in Florida... Trying to keep up with bills and everything is not fun.  Sometimes I do want to move to a lesser-known state that's not as popular or a "political battleground" state.
Are you blaming Florida for growing because CA, NY, and WA are increasingly unhinged authoritarian states?
California is looking at an exit tax on appreciated assets  that leave the state.
Yeah because millions of people have moved to Florida since covid from shitholes like New York and California
How can an economics channel undervalue competition so much? Government is inefficient and has an excessive tax burden. People vote with their feet and move to more competitive and better run areas.
Now when the concept of brain drain was spoken this can have two different outcomes either a the state itself allows this trend to continue and keeps doing what these individuals who are leaving don't like or they can change their policies and what they're doing in order to keep these people in their states. But unfortunately California being the leftist cesspool that it is right now I highly doubt that's ever going to happen.
As a floridian, i see this as a big win
What was the growth in PPP?  Because GDP is a garbage measurement.
One thing that bothers me is that this video doesn't make a clear distinction between states like California and New York versus ones like Wisconsin. A high population and large economy coastal state with a steady influx of immigrants and a high cost of living is very different from a low to medium population and wealth state in the interior of the country, let alone in the "rust belt"
This is spin. Nothing but spin.
I’ve lived in Florida and I can honestly say, it was one of the most expensive states I’ve lived in!  Texas was way cheaper!
China's talk of a war is ruining their own economy. And it's just going to get much worse. The more China talks about war the more US and many other countries will make their own products and stop buying Chinese products. It is hard to believe China doesn't understand this. Also Chinese people are not making purchases either. If China wants to fix their economy they need to forget about wars.
Dont know where you get your data. Probably from fox news. Florida is really not growing an economy. They are growing because of the baby boomers retireing there, and right wingers moving there.  Both of which will not last
Don't move to Florida, it's expensive Every thing is expensive, groceries, food, etc.
were so back
You should see my area we was originally agricultural and a phosphate mine now we have a lot more industrial plants and factories here
LOL move to Florida and see how you like it. 3rd world shithole for everyone who isn't rich.
Forgot the real reason; Florida isn't a blue sh*thole! We prosecute crime, you take home the money you earn, and don't have to worry about "undocumented" folks breaking into your house and claiming squatters rights!
Curious how the insurance challenges from storms and rising fraud will impact the overall ratings.
Miami, FL native here. Been here since 2012. Truly best place in the US to live.
I wonder why people are moving from the blue states to the red states? 🤔
Why "because of Florida"? California has a higher GDP and grew at a faster rate than Florida for 2023 and has a much larger GDP contribution per capita than Florida.
The drop in CA and NY are the gain in FL, among other states. The liberal states are choking out their businesses.
I'm proud of Florida and to call myself a Floridian. We're flourishing because we are free,  well managed, and still have law and order.
Fl is full go away
One reason was the citris and vegetable growers with berries and other fruit grown in the trees. The citris industry has been starting a comeback to the time in the US when money grew on trees. Makes me sad to see things going that way.
Traffic is a big problem. lol
I’m in Florida. Please stop coming here from out of state and driving up our real estate and congesting our roads. Stay in Silicon Valley, Wall Street, or wherever. We like it here in our blue collar, laid back slice of paradise.
Temporarily partially depopulating New York and/or Northern states gives them the chance to upgrade their seriously lagging infrastructure.
The statement about "old people moving to Florida to retire" used to be true. Everyone knows that people from New York and California are moving here because they're tired of the ridiculous living conditions there. Super high taxes, unreasonable regulations, drug trafficking, and homelessness are to blame. You can't even step outside without stepping on human feces and/or injection needles.
Japan was one of the most diverse economy in history for decades
If anyone moving to Florida and is a remote worker for a company out of state should be taxed it's not right for people born and raised here to suffer because some a hole want to take advantage of less taxes and getting paid for that state they came from where they factor in the cost of living for that state
I have lived in Florida, more specifically the Suncoast for 15 years and it has grown to an unbearable level. We are planning on moving purely because of the overpopulation that continues to get worst everyday it seems. Between tourism and new residents, it is just squeezing out natives.
As for tropical storms, they are blown out of proportion. Ive never evacuated for any storm and im 45 years old
Your way of thinking is overcomplicated and fankly just dumb. Talking bout regulations and all that type of bullshit. Get rid of regulations and lets go. The south need to leave the union
I do not approve of californians moving to MY  state, at all. They RUINED their state and if they ruin mine, im not gonna be happy. We need to succeed like right now with texas georgia north carolina and louisiana, basically like it was divided in the civil war. Divided we stand. The north would be on their own if it was up to me. They made their bed
Isn't it currently trending in the opposite direction since DeSantis began his culture war against Disney and their migrant work force?  I know I've read plenty of stories about industries abandoning the state because their stances on reproductive rights making it hostile for attracting female workers.
If other states are not doing what needs done to compete with florida! My beautifully oppressively hot state lol then thats thier downfall. Stop it with the pandering to the globalists and federal gov
Don't move to FL. The economics might make it sound good, but it's literally dangerous here unless you're a straight white male. Go someplace safer.
not a single mention how the draconian lockdowns and vaccine mandates, and other out of control liberal policies drove the mass exodus.  Not a single mention how the state was one of the few places in the world that did not lock down for a head cold. Not even a mention of how whole families are coming here for Densantis' family first policies, and rejection of the militant woke. Sorry but 'old people' always came to florida, this is NOT the reason for the huge growth, you should be ashamed because you either didnt do your research on the demographics or you chose to purposely leave out the above. propaganda channel, unsubscribed.
You could have touched on how the government can run the state on such low tax
Stop buying anything from China.
Florida is full and we got mosquitoes year round, please just go home.
I could not disagree more about inter state competition. Florida Texas Tennessee are simple better governed and that certainly is not a race to the bottom. It is the opposite.
Florida is a strange place…as a Floridian for 17 years now, I agree….
Greetings from Miami, Fl
I don't think this video makes a good argument for Florida's increasing GDP driving the US's GDP. Migration of capital to Florida from other states is a central theme of this video and illustrates that Florida's growth is not due to an increase in capacity or production by the state, but perhaps it is due to excess capacity and production from other states. What are the other states doing right that has enabled them to generate a surplus of high wage/skill workers and retirees?
Yall are gentrifying Florida its horrible
People just want to move here because we are a RED state. How do you all want to be free but still vote BLUE. Smh
You used the NYC flag for the Whole state instead of NY state flag
I'll say what you won't - people are moving to Florida to live free, because they don't want to live under the boot of Leftist Democrats.
So THIS is why there's so much more traffic on my way into work...
Florida's success is not at the expense of other states. Collectivism is not how to measure financials or free markets. Massive growth is done in free markets. You explained it perfectly lower taxes, less red tape, ease of doing business, keeping politics out of business, pay based on merit, and many more. Business owners have freedom to move where they want and the good workers will also go to those places as well. The financial collectivism and oppressive policies will slow down everything as it takes away any incentives to build businesses and wealth. Freedom will always win out over regulation and collectivism, period.
Floridian here , please stop moving here it’s full and you’re making our state ugly
Stop charging so much for taxes and this wouldn’t happen
dude we have not benefited from these people way too many people. I legit have to wait in traffic for hours in pensacola
A race to the bottom on government sign me up
Red states>>>>>>
USA probably owes more money to China… thus voiding this whole video. US is hiding its collapse.. I’m sure the wheels 🛞 will fall off after the election going into 2025. US is good at marketing themselves well and making other nations look bad. But the real reality will kick in soon. Imo
China: Has one customer. Also china: Assumes they will become richer than their one customer.
Unfortunately Florida is being overdeveloped and it's beauty being lost to endless car washes and storage centers. Sad to see we're losing all the wild lands that make this state so awesome
Because of our awesome Governor! His policies are more Constitutionally sane policies!
this is why im getting rich and going to the woods
I think remote workers moving to florida are going to end up ruining the economy, the signs are already clear. The price of housing has increased 50% .
Stop giving China our playbook
I don’t know what the future holds, but remember why you are coming here to Florida and leaving your other states. There’s a common denominator.
It’s wild you keep saying Florida but only show Miami 🎉
Unless Desanti is benefiting. I'm almost 70yrs and can't retired. Food  prices are banging Floridians  and crime is out of control. WHAT FLORIDA you talking about? Not in AMERICA the collapsing one🤔 GO on pick another country. You got the wrong one baby.
😂😂😂😂😂😂WHAT COUNTRY? OUTGROWNING CHINA?😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 YOU COULD HAVE SAID ANOTHER COUNTRY😂😂😂😂😂 USA IS IN THE BEGINNING OF COLLAPSE ECONOMY, SPIRITUAL, and  PHYSICALLY. SENDING MONEY TO UKRAINE AND ISRAEL  DOESN'T RING A BELL? OUR WEAPONS? RING A BELL? YOU MUST LIVE IN ANOTHER AMERICA IN ANOTHER DIMENSION. AMERICA IS NO LONGER THE GREAT! IT'S A MATTER OF TIME NOT HOW BUT WHEN!😮
It was because of me, I live here.
Good governing policies make Florida a place that you can be successful in financially while raising kids in a safe, family focused environment. This is why people are moving here. Bad policies which increase tax burdens and are hostile to families raising kids will always drive people away. The core of the American economy really is in the stability of the family home and family unit. You build a state that champions that and you’ll always have a thriving state.  The increase in rent and mortgage rates is an issue but that’s largely driven by federal policies. Inflation and higher interest rates directly impact real estate, jacking up prices and crushing people’s buying power. If these two issues are changed with better federal policy, then supply and demand will bring it back to better rent rates and home prices.   Your politics matter, my friends. Always vote for freedom and the future of the family unit and all of America will benefit from it.
As long as Haitians are not allowed to refugee-migrate over here, our wealth should remain stable.
It's not our fault
People running out of democrat liberal states.
When we start mass producing products and food using robots in the USA
Florida is well Governed by Governor Ron DeSantis and his team. On good thing about our republic is that it lets our Country run experiments by watching state governments to see what works and what does not. Unlike states like New York and California, Florida is rational and cares about common people, is pro safety and anti crime, and pro business. If states like New York and California want to be anti business, pro crime, and go crazy and woke, and go broke, they can. People get to vote not only in elections, but also by migrations. They tend to move out of badly managed states and into well managed states.
Great vid learned a ton on my state
Not y’all on are nutz 😭
COST OF REAL ESTATE IS EXORBITANT IN FLORIDA
WE ARE FULL PLEASE LEAVE
Florida's road infrastructure is not able to handle the increased traffic. It's honestly awful.
Everyone saying cost of living is skyrocketing in Florida because of this lives in a bubble. The cost of living is skyrocketing through the whole of the U.S. and much of the Western world… not just happening in Florida.
Thanks to overseas investment
I'm a Floridian and I can say that the explosive growth hasn't been positive for Floridians. Wages are low, the roads are more clogged than ever, and every inch of green land is being bulldozed for yet more high rise apartments. It doesn't make sense. It used to be beautiful here.
Florida has huggable reptilians
And there was me thinking it was all about porn, cocaine and old racists in golf carts.
🇺🇸
Thus far, this has had a massive negative effect on my home state. Companies move in but don't hire locally, housing costs are unsustainable for anyone not already in the system, the people moving here are either willing to work for lower amounts do to immigration circumstances or arent here to work at all. Even more than forcing out locals, it also destroys the critical support needed to keep the economy flowing.   People look down on retail workers, fast food workers, laborers and more but those people are absolutely critical parts of the local economies and provide circumstances that even if not a neccesity are a demanded luxury. People who cant afford housing on lower end jobs are forced out by unsustainable housing prices and nobody with those skills can afford to live nearby to fill the void left by them. Its led to even major stores shutting down and failing to stay staffed which is murdering the local economies of small towns. This needs to slow down and be acted against or the entire system will collapse because nobody who can afford to live here will be willing to work.
Luckily Florida has a north and south.  Where the north is much cheaper to live.
Please get me out of this garbage state
Yep we're awesome.
That's a flag of NYC not of NY state
You left out the root cause.  We Floridians have enjoyed a super majority of Republicans in our legislature, and Supreme Court.  The GOP has held the governors spot most of my 48 years.  Liberal policies and taxation are driving people out of NY and CA.  Here we say “Don’t NY my Florida”.  It’s a great place to live.  I would not move anywhere else.
take that bugs bunny!
As a Florida born and raised native. I'm here to say, that we are FULL. And Florida is a dangerous place. You do not want to move here.
I'm an immigrant that moved to Miami in 1982, I don't complain, I love Miami, If I had a vision when I moved here, I could be very reach. The opportunity was the best for those hats had ideas, vision and wanted to work hard. Today, I have my own real estate company, and work with a lot of investors from abroad, they see the potential of this state. They know where to put their money. I thank our governor Disantis for managing our state the way he does it.
the weed market is booming here in florida im loving working in the industry!!!! wooohooooo SEE YOU AT UNIVERSAL!
I’m from Florida that’s why I clicked on this, and I can confirm that every week Tampa, the city I live in gets 1k new residents, so 52k residents a year so we’re growing fast.
as a floridian, snowbirds please don’t come here. I finally understand how the spaniards feel
I’m from Florida and all these people moving here is moving people out
Remote work has allowed people to work in places with good weather. Add this to the long tradition of retirees moving to Florida and you get increased population. If you are moving to Florida to save money on taxes you may want to do a little research on how much you will need to spend on home insurance.
Republican policies, law and order, anti woke agenda, and phenomenal Governor who protects us from the federal governments overreach especially during Covid ! These are the main driving factors for Floridas success.
I live in Florida and it’s one of the worse states, for Florida to be a better state I feel like we need to Stop building the suburbs and build more towns or have jobs near houses, everything uses a car here and it’s annoying and depressing…oh plus all that other stuff people are talking about too as the growth isn’t affecting the actually residents in Florida.
Stop coming to Florida, please 🙏
Florida is amazing!!
😂😂😂 yeah sure especially under dementia Biden.... sure. Fake news. We are paying more and more at the supermarket and for fuel and services and the dollar is getting close to an all time low..... oh but we are doing well right Reuters.... Lol! FJB
The Economist trying to make an argument against good business as if they are just being mean to other states.  Ha! Other states could do this too if they would not elects Democrats.
Euhmmmm at 1:01 that's not the flag of the state New York. That's the flag of New York CITY.
90% just a garbage take. Economics channel complaining about basic economic factors, ignoring the specifics of the Disney case, etc.
Numbers count China will outgrow in population.
Florida is not sustainable on a 7% only tax. The hike of prices on everything you buy  has a HIDDEN TAXES behind it!!!!  Florida is not what it seems!
@ 3:34 "Growing it's economy at the expense of other states that make up the USA". Um, no.... The other states are doing dumb stuff that hurt their economies. We aren't taking anything away from them that they aren't able to do themselves. I believe if they had the same policies, their economies would respond in a similar fashion.
California is introducing an exit tax.
In other words, Florida has no economic protections and regulations in place, so we're getting gentrified. And this hyperinflated economy is seen as GDP Growth?
Y'all stay outta my state!! You're f@cking up traffic!!🤬😡
This might be the dumbest video I have seen from you. It seems weird that you are completely glossing over the livability factor for the average person in Florida as well as the environmental impact and challenges that they are facing. For instance Florida has a collapsing Condo housing economy in their cities because insurance rates are sky high and HOA fees for maintenance are skyrocketing due to increased maintenance these building have to go through. Almost every inch of Florida is below sea level and is surrounded by water.
When my former employer moved its operations from New York to Florida they offered employees the ability to relocate. They also notified employees that their salaries would be reduced.  They said that this was due to a lower cost of living and the fact that Florida didn’t have a state income tax.  Those who relocated weren’t able to take advantage of the fact that the state income tax was lower because they were paid less.
As a Florida native please get out. DONT COME HERE traffic is crazy. We have an outdated infrastructure. Traffic is crazy prices of rent and housing are sky rocketing. Wish it was how it was before 2020.
Amen to that brother Florida became so expensive when im done with school im moving out in going to the Midwest
Capital flight is only the fault of certain dumb states.
There’s nothing wrong with the states competing for better workers as long as the workers stay within the USA. It’s a zero sum game. When the bubble bursts workers will move to another state that has better opportunities. Case in point, California and New York used to be talent magnets, now it’s Texas and Florida. If you don’t want to loose your workers, keep them happy.
bro can you please post consistently?
Florida Man here, this place sucks and is full. Please don’t move here
As a Floridian, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE STOP MOVING TO FLORIDA
If you're paying attention to China these last few years, you'd know they've lost a few hundred million people so far. And they keep going up.
As a Florida man. All you transplants from the last few years can go home now jokes over. Please leave
Florida man cant be beat.
So because Florida is creating a welcoming state, and other states are running their residents out, it’s floridas fault.   No, if NY and California were not causing people to flee, then they wouldn’t be searching out a free and prosperous state like Florida.   Massive cope
UUUN-LIMITED! POWAAAAAA
Screw that, as a Floridian I hope this flops. My state is slowly becoming unbearable
People move to states based on financial mert? You don't say... who would have thought. Oh yeah, only every thinking person ever! Maybe policymakers should pay attention.
Not that Florida is so good, but that so many other states are getting worse. Socialism drives away productive people and you're left with criminals, parasites and Government. Less regulation in Florida means people get promoted for merit not what makes industry D.I.E.
my whole neighborhood, 600 houses  in Sarasota, Florida, is price 700k -900k. all young families, no old people
We are full people..stop moving here.our cost of living went up because you fks
This is absolutely absurd!
They all moved to Champions Gate here in Florida 😢
It explains why in Florida, there is so much traffic.
Proud Floridian
Reason why Florida is growing is population growth. Many move because of the woke ideology of the big cities and vaccine mandates. Talking about old people, remember they are spenders, not savers, of course their economy is going to grow.
I wonder if politics plays a role in this migration? lol
Bruh, mass migration to Florida (and texas) starting 2020... 🤔 What could be the reason??  Ohhh taxes! They moved to avoid state taxes, that's definitely it!  🤦‍♂️
The left wing radical nut case Legacy media in the United States has become the propaganda machine for the DemoRAT party of Shmo Biden.  Everybody in America is aware of the FAKE news and the weaponized DOJ., so MAGA 2024 and stop the wars now.  Vote President Donald J. Trump for world Peace & Prosperity.  MAGA
NAH China better
California and New York went Woke and went Broke!
Wealthy boomers retiring to Florida? They drive business, house prices, whatnot…
20+ years born and raised in Florida, making plans to move out or lose everything I have to skyrocketing costs. Many people I know feel the same way, I manage over 200 people in a warehouse and know many of my workers struggle now more than some years ago. I am wondering if this boom will have a bust. I also know most of these implants are not ready for another Andrew. The wetlands are slowly dying, and our beaches are eroding and getting hit with red tide more frequently. Good luck Florida, I will miss my days in the swamp.
New Yorkers drove up Rents and Housing prices👎🏻
Got more? Get more. Got less? Get less. Stipulation: No absolutes, only inclinations on gradients. ♻
The world is fucked.😊😊
Florida has gained a lot of business from New York and California. With democratics led States becoming more and more hostile to businesses, Florida has become a safe and welcoming haven for businesses to flourish.
Thanks Governor Desantis 💯🇺🇲
The home prices here in Florida did spike and are still high but that has a lot to do with the early relaxing of Covid restrictions which caused a spike in home prices when everyone flooded down here to escape more restrictive places like New York.
I was born in Florida in 1981 I still live in Florida im 42 my dad was born in Florida in 1957 my grandfather in 1919
God was simply redirecting you to the superior choice
To all people born in Flordia should get additional benefits.
I think the gulf States is the future
i recently moved down to Florida in January of this year because i feel in love with weather that's is all year long and there's more that i can do beside job opportunity but also in fun activities.
Puerto Rico is already like another country.
So your saying Florida mans legendary craziness can be traced back to NY. It all makes sense
Statistics aside, I left after 10 years because quality of life in FL took a nosedive. The boom will bust sooner than later thanks to climate change
Programmers leaving cali for Florida bad and is called brain drain. But millions of migrants leaving their countries to rot is great and needs more funding
Hey if Jeff bazos saved 180 million dollars just by moving to there
As a Floridian; STOP MOVING HERE PLEASE. I CANT AFFORD TO LIVE IN MY OWN STATE.
Never underestimate the Florida man
Florida is overhyped and overbuilt. It will shrink soon enough. Bubbles are not sustainable.
Florida lifetime resident…. Florida is becoming unaffordable. Young people aren’t having a good time.
you are forgetting that highly trained workers will move from Florida because of overcrowding. It is happening to tech hubs like NC, TN, and Huntsville AL.
Would be cool to see Minnesota by comparison.
ahhh your forgetting to mention people are moving from California Chicago ,new york because they are blue. Run by liberals and they have drove there states into the ground we are all moving to red states because its a better way of life! blue states are shitholes because of their leaders!
As a Floridian I knew we were the best state
People are leaving California and New York and going to Texas and Florida because of politics.  People don't like Liberals, but they do like Conservatives
Florida is currently booming? Would have had me fooled.Glad to see all that financial growth going out to the people and not to a small handful of already wealthy business interests and politicians.
Florida Man is America's greatest hero.
The premise of Florida is winning and should stop because other states got hurt fee fee’s and terrible governance is very strange take for an economics channel … .-.
Don’t forget all the working people who moved away from areas because they couldn’t afford rent or were purchased out of their homes.
I hate how many people have moved here lol it’s insane. We have always been very diversed in culture in Fl with many people coming In millions a year for the Parks and activities, but now it seems they don’t ever leave. Lol
Hello Florida Man here, I earned my certification by emptying an AK into a retention pond, while wearing flip flops. From 2021 to 2023, I counted NY plates on cars from new arrivals, on my way to work each day. I'd see anywhere from three to seven. Every day. NY refugees were everywhere.  Since about mid 2023 I rarely see those tags... I think its slowed. Im told on the west coast they had a lot more CA tags. I didnt see too many of those.
4:35 As if Florida didn't have enough sink holes.
The Netherlands is a federation??? It's a nation state! Unless you are referring to the Republic of the Netherlands which ended in the 18th century.
California recently pass a law that if you move you have to pay a crazy amount of penalties in your taxes.
Why did you use the wrong flag for NY? Love the video just wondering.
For me was moving to a Conservative state As a big fan of  DeSantis and Trump supporter here Ca where i used to live became a big mess/dump
I'm a software engineer who moved to Florida after 10 years in New York.  The thing about Florida, beyond lower taxes, is that it's just an incredibly well run state government.  The instructure is well maintained, the public services are well run, and from the business side there's minimal regulatory headaches.    I paid more than $1 million in taxes to NYC and New York state while living there and I honest to God have no idea where my money went since all of these things were worse there.
Question: in your leaderboard you hage NY with the NYC flag not the New York State flag. Is the number two rated economy just New York City, or is it New York state?
For any of you thinking to doble check the info on this video; don’t waste your time. This is fake!! USA is not by any means outgrowing China.
I agree, they should do a better job at representing the people by accommodating the cost of living for everyone
Lol i live in florida and have seen it happen. But we had a big up tivk during the start of coived. Alot of rich people moved to florida and started making money moves here. Also native tip if you move here do not buy a beach front just trust me.
Florida is gonna crash hard. Maybe 10 years,  maybe 20 but real estate and insurance after many huge storms will make it unaffordable.
FLORIDA MENTIONED 🐊 🦈 ☀️ 🐊 🦈 🌧️ 🐊 🦈 🍺 🐊 🦈
DeSantis makes Florida the best state to do business in.  Economics Explained: "Florida is a great state, despite its governor going out of his way to have a scuffle with Disney"  This video is a joke
Conservative states winning
I live in Florida. The reason it’s growing is because Trump and conservative values. Go woke go broke. The other states that push leftist ideology push all the intelligent people to move to Florida.
Im 100% convinced that the Florida heat in the summer time turns 1000s of normal civilized people into full blown psych maniacs ......its literally GTA down here 😅
I disagree that Capital Flight or Brain Drain are expected to be a problem in the USA. It would have already been a problem...and it hasn't been.
5:42 No. It was because of the government restrictions in the Blue states regarding a virus with a over 98% survival rate (covid), and people didn't want to participate in useless measures.
Pretty simple. Put Freedom in the hands of THE PEOPLE and ingenuity and prosperity grow. Covid hit and a lot of states completely shut down. NOT Florida. People from both political spectrums flocked to Flordia making Florida grow so rapidly.
Florida man vs China. 🗿
Florida man is growing.
Economic deez nutz
despite this attempt to downplay Florida, Florida still getting a lot of young people moving in and growing. In any case, whoever wants to move to California should feel free to do so a place where you get robbed and police can't do anything, your rent is too high, companies leaving, and they go after your kids.
Tennessee also does not have a state income tax
The advantage of the capitalist free society is that Florida momentum forces other states to compete and provide better scenarios to move there. There are no reasons to create restrictions, it only needs competition and improve quality and level of life.
I lived in Florida twice.  The first time it was very inexpensive to live.  The second time (just recently) it was expensive to live there.
@0:58 you used the flag for the city of New York, not the state of New York.
That construction industry may not be as strong going forward as it has been, demand or no. When you vilify the common worker (Latino immigrants) of an entire industry to the point they flee the state it’s hard to keep it going 😅 not too many Americans interested in going into construction.
As a 4th generation Floridian I can say that this crazy growth has totally watered down our culture. It's nothing but wisconsin, maryland, or new york tags everywhere you look and they do NOT understand or respect our slower and more respectful way of life. They drive like psychos and treat strangers like NPCs instead of fellow people of the community.
Florida aka "gods waiting room"
I will say that your economic documentary does have me intrigued. I didn't know my state was doing that much in economic expansion. I knew it was gaining steam but that's truly something.
Im from Jacksonville,Florida and I can tell you,it's not predominately swamp land. We have a good deal of it but the swamp areas don't take up more then half the state. We have plenty of solid ground to travel on.
As a Florida man, we full! Turn around and go back to New York! Remember, youre afraid of gators, and weve thrown them at people in the past.
If Florida is taking “highly skilled professionals” from other states it’s more a sign of other states doing something wrong.   California, Illinois, and New York have always had a high COL, but people didn’t flee at nearly the rate we are seeing now.
Too much unregulated growth is killing Florida. The waters are polluted. The construction shoddy. Developers and politicians do not think long term or sustainably. Forests are bulldozed for cookie cutter HOA housing developments or condos and the wrong plants are put in. Grass is mandatory which requires fertilizes (that pollute the waterways) and irrigation (so the water doesn't recharge the aquifer) because it's used on useless grass. Animals like the Florida panther are being decimated from loss of habitat and vehicle collisions and beneficial native bees from household and agricultural pesticides. It's sad to watch.
Everyone is moving to Red States...weird.
We are growing so fast but prices are ridiculous and housing unaffordable?
I, Florida Man, have Saved the World!!! You're welcome!!!
Shocking…..  people want to live and create businesses in business friendly, low tax states.
As the Florida man fought the fraud, Xi Jinping, he opened his domain. The chinese shrunk back in fear, but Florida man said "Stand proud, Xi, you are strong."
I did exactly what is mentioned in this video. Moved to Florida from California. The quality of life is far better for me here.
China been pass the U.S. years ago
You should’ve been harsher on Florida for the leaderboard
So here is my question what if the other states like Cali over burden the worker, and doesn't improve residents everyone leaves.  States like CO and UT are overflowing with people moving.
I am an electronic engineer from a poor family who left Brazil to live in Florida and the mere insinuation that I should endure a corrupt government, high taxes and an unsafe place just because the society where I live refuses to be wise the same way I was while conducting my life is profoundly irritating. Now it is California that is losing, but just because for a long time they won the brain drain race, now they are accommodated, rich and disregard their own workers, now it's time to live for better places and teach them a lesson. Today the lesson is too much government and control make the best ones live and the worse ones stay.
Extremely interesting!!!!
i find it funny you used the NYC flag for NY state
It's not just Florida, it's USA growth on the expense of the sustainability of the global West (Europe in particular) and the global West growth on the expense of the sustainability of the world economy.  Concentration of capital can be progressive, to a certain limit, even on the expense of other areas. But it is interesting, how it is reflected inside the core of the world economy. Some US counties would remain poor even on the scale of developing countries, as all active people and companies move to better places...
Look at the result that good conservative policies can have in an country / state. Conservative states getting richer and more wealthy, while leftist states getting poorer and people fleeing it.
So we are just gonna dismiss how Disney basically runs florida..
US videos are always very interesting to watch from a European prospective
USA outgrows China because of Florida..... but what did it cost? everything. Sorry, couldn't resist.
Smart Australian economics guy doesn't understand how inflation affects GDP. 😂
Not creating more taxes doesn’t make the rest of the US look bad. States raising taxes makes them look bad ie New York and California. 😂
I don't agree with the argument that downward tax competition has no limits and is dangerous. Switzerland has a similar system on a much smaller area and yet low-tax cantons are not infinitely attractive or cannot lower taxes indefinitely because at some point the attractiveness for the population also disappears if there is a high wage but no school for the children. Then people won't come. Healthy tax competition is the only incentive for regions to spend tax money efficiently and compete against each other. No matter how much tax is collected, a good reason will ALWAYS be found to spend it all.
As a  multi generational native Floridan i can tell you this growth is not wanted needed or sustainable .Its not sustainable environmentally or economically.  The average Floridian was better off 10 years ago than they are  today and is better off today than they will be tomorrow. It doesn't matter if the native Floridian is  making 100% more money than they did 10 years ago when housing and insurance has gone up 300% or even more.  The environment and infrastructure is  at its breaking point. Everyone is wanting to build huge expensive houses near the coast in a state known for hurricanes and storm surge so the rest of us cannot afford homeowners insurance.  Florida is Full, please don't come here.
Florida is growing because the rich left the expensive state like NY
undergrad working part time was the manager? Not as ordinary as you think
if states lose talented workers to better run states then those lagging states should CHANGE THEIR POLICIES lol. amazing how obtuse you are...
states competing with each other is a feature, not a bug. you are acting like a bunch of people are digging trenches with spoons and the guy who shows up with a shovel is an a hole lulz why can't you lefty people understand...
Florida is now a Republican stronghold ❤
Florida is not stable, it will be below water soon
China: I have a powerful economy USA: We have a Florida Man
I'm sure all New Yorkers are thrilled you used the flag for NYC to represent the entire state of New York.
I'm amazed you didn't include the "Florida man" headlines as a metric for the leaderboard. Then again you are from Australia...
How to explain a non-fact? :)
You Tube 2030: 10 ads before actual video.🙄
WHere does that ranking leaderboard come from? Why is Texas higher than China?
Here he goes again: Florida man grows economy at expense of everybody else
tell me you are american without telling me you are american
As a 3rd generation Floridian, it's getting expensive to live. Probably going to be priced out of my hometown imminently
Gee, I wonder if maybe, JJJUUUSSSSSTTTTTTT maybe, that we remained open for business and didn't put a bunch of idiotic restrictions on people during ALLLLLLLLLLL the b.s. in 2020.....just saying!!!! MIGHT JUST MIGHT have a LITTLE to do with it!!!!
I've only been to Fort Lauderdale but I was awe struck by their airport and seaport. So many planes flying in and out of a relatively small airport. They must have one of the best turn around times in the world. The sea port where we caught our cruise was insane! So many cruise ships there fueling up, doing groceries on a massive scale, all the workers and cruisers loading and unloading. They were masters of moving a lot of stuff around a relatively small area that is about half under water. Surely Shanghai would make it pale in comparison but on the world stage I would guess that that city is one of the most well run cities in the world. We Canadians like to say how we are so much better than Americans in so many ways but my hat is off to all the folks who make Ft Lauderdale do what it does with what it has got.
With the way insurance companies are fleeing Florida I wouldn't count on growth for too much longer. The actuaries they hire aren't swayed by belief or political leaning, only hard numbers, and those numbers are telling them that Florida's likely going to be too expensive to insure as weather gets more extreme
The state map at the beginning of the video... IDAHO has the highest growth in the nation?
Bro get out of our state we don’t want you
St. Augustine is the oldest continuously occupied settlement of European origin in the contiguous United States, NOT the oldest city.  It is the second-oldest continuously inhabited city of European origin in a United States territory, after San Juan, Puerto Rico (founded in 1521). St John's, Newfoundland, Canada may be the oldest settlement, however, it was not settled continuously all year long to an extent.
Sure lets put all of our economic growth in a state that will be part of the atlantic ocean in 50 years.
Florida is Like #36 in the nation for GDP per capita. It's a poor state, or more precisely, a state that rich people retire to because there are a lot of poor people to take care of them.
Probably due to the low wages relative to the growth.
I’m amazed that you ranked Norway so high on the leader board. My friends who have travel there complain that the economy seems somewhat stagnant and that the main importers and retailers effectively operate as monopolies guaranteed by the state. This means that selection on the local retail level are very limited. They said that regardless of which grocery store you go into, they all sell the same limited selection of the same products.
Let's go! Not liking these housing prices though
Also Florida needs to fix there high car insurance as well as gas prices
Idk we need a us car insurance just make an insurance mid from highest car insurance with lowest and let you easily pay for each month regardless of state bounds would make more sense.
One word.  Politics.  When California is trying to find new ways to tax businesses and its citizens, Florida and Texas are relaxing regulations as much as possible, citizens pay no State Tax, and people in general feel so much more freedom than Blue states.  Look at the graph you posted at the beginning.  Show me one state in the top 10 people moving to that is a blue state.
The analysis focuses too much on the economic policies of Florida without due consideration to the policies of the other states. Take the initial example of the shop that discounted goods to gain customers at the expense of surrounding stores. It’s not just the action of the store discounts (which is good for the consumers standard of living) but the inaction  of the surrounding stores which are offering less value to consumers. Leaving zombie businesses in an economy by stifling competition isn’t a great plan. ‘Race to the bottom’ or is it ‘race to the top’ for the best policies in terms of reducing tax burdens and costs? I’d argue that the ‘iatrogenic’ impacts of bad policies in other states are more responsible for the growth of Florida than any specific actions by the Florida government.
Yes we know that the people moving to Florida from other states will feel it. Thats part of the motivation for the people and politicians in the former states to create the right policies.
Never forget that just bcuz China _claims_ to be a 20 trillion dollar economy there's no way to completely verify their numbers bcuz of the CCP's control of everything. Whereas in the US those numbers are verifiable
"Older residents die just as quickly as they move in"💀
As a Floridian, Covid and lockdown was the beginning of the great migration. Present day, many people and companies are now leaving Florida due to expensive real estate, Insurance problems, increase in prices of food and living habits, increase in crime, various environmental issues, increase in traffic congestion, increase in white collar crime just to name a few.......its not all roses here.
Florida Man
As someone that’s been living in Miami FL my whole life I can actually see and feel the city economy grow day by day it’s actually unreal us Floridian are now having to compete with people from out of states that were already making 3x more then us
At least they are keeping their businesses in the US. Florida is simply a more cost-effective place to do business. If California and New York want to compete, they should reduce their regulatory burden. This is called "free market capitalism. Florida is doing what is right for their people and the people of the US.
Sadly, I can't help through Patreon, but I would really enjoy to watch a video about Portugal and your input of course.
Grammarly owns all of the documents you post in them. You cannot publish scholarly articles with grammarly, you will be denied because of plagiarism
02:02 so your name is Hendrick
Florida now has high property taxes. No income tax has been checkmated.  Home owner insurance has skyrocketed the past two years. Tax savings has been eliminated.
Running your mouth to much and wasting time getting to the article !
Imagine if the rest of the USA was free from the Democratic Anchor ⚓️ of Taxes and Regulations. 🇺🇸
12:58
Florida, the US's Ireland....
did not know Netherland were a federation
You cant be naming videos like this... What if the Floridians see it? They won't make it through the video and will go around saying things like "Florida beat China" and i have to hear it all day.
Cocaine was the driving factor of Florida's growth in the 70s and 80s.
Could you please make a video about the hungarian economy? It will be great to see how is it going, despite the political issues.😃
It's the Cubans, baby!!! USA🇺🇸
You wouldn't know Florida had any economy the way they handle anything here.  It may be sunshine and roses in Miami, but the rest of the state lags behind.
your use of stock video footage just gets to be too much after a while.
Florida and Texas has been corp tax friendly and has had no state income tax for a long time.  NY and California have also had crippling high taxes for a long time.  It's those states woke laws and increased punishment on high performance that have driven them out.  TX and Florida saw people fleeing and just capitalized by giving them more reasons to choose them  What has changed is New York and
Moved to FL in 2016 and I was able to find my little piece of heaven north of Orlando. Having lived and worked in the New York Metro area for more than 20 years prior to that and being able to compare, I can see why when people move to Florida they usually have other family members follow.
So... when is the revolution?
Florida is a despotic hellhole I'm glad I escaped.
Your views that things become a race to the bottom is a very flawed view. Intense competition results in the best possible results because companies are forced to be their best, employees are forced to be at their best as competition is fierce and breakthroughs in tech and services are common as consumers expect those and standards everywhere are raised. Inefficiencies are disregarded, efficiencies are maximized. Competition has never been a bad thing except (in the short term) for ppl that weren't up to standard.
Miami On my way!
i was born in florida and living here all my life ive never seen such a drastic increase in cost of living until covid and the flood of people coming here especially in my home of orlando
I have a beautiful new home in Florida. Unfortunately I had to go where I could make some money. There are so many people and so little industry that it’s very challenging to find work. I have my fingers crossed that someday my company will transfer me back to Florida but I’m not holding my breath.
This is a literal lie, I urge you to just ask any actual tech major graduate from any college/university in Florida. These tech workers are moving after already working at these companies for awhile not breaking into the industry. Also no, just no the major tech offices are not in south Florida but instead from Tampa bay to Orlando. A company having just an office in Miami, is much different than a tech office. I say this as a computer science major from Florida school, and Miami born local. Just no complete false picture painted it’s not people breaking in it’s, the already established ones which will be taking a pay cut to be in Florida or remote. Just form the data you showed the massive amount of growth is from property industry, not tech development. The offices coming are banking due to the relationship that Florida has with foreign markets in Caribbean, Central America, and South America. Plus FL agriculture is facing major challenges due to rising costs, and lack of working treatments to new versions of plant diseases or pests. Also there is a manufacturing boom in USA and rest of North America but again not in FL it’s actually happening in places like Georgia, South Carolina, Michigan, Indiana, Arizona, Texas and others. Florida’s supply chain and infrastructure for industry is actually subpar compared to other industrial bases. Phosphate reserves also run out and have price shooks. Only manufacturing of note in Florida is medical instruments which compete with other states+ Europe. If you want to seek an actual tech boom there is one happening form Dallas to San Antonio for hardware developers with Samsung, Texas Instruments and others.
Whoo hoo Florida is more America than America now you need to pay us taxes D.C.
This is just apart of life’s cycle, and it’s finally the south’s turn again, as there was a time when millions left the south, both white and black,headed north for better opportunities.   States and cities such as New York Ny, and California as a whole, has only itself the bosom for their recent skilled population flight. Much in the same the south was to blame when it happened to them.   I’m so very happily as a Floridian it’s been a long time coming, and now we get to keep our college graduates in the state instate of them moving elsewhere for comparable salaries, and opportunities.  Even with hurricane season, Florida has been a hidden in plain sight jewel for young and middle age adults to explore and build opportunities and expand industries!!!  Bottom Line I Love It.  And just as many retirees moved to florida for sunshine and cheaper cost of living compared to where many left from, then somewhere else will become the new place for those who can’t afford the new price Florida!
Rich people from all over Latin America are moving to Florida and taking their money with them
Peace for the world
Just a thought, you could make a website that has the whole leaderboard with links to the videos about each country/state/province on the board. That way people can peruse the most up to date version of the board  and see the whole thing. You’d be advertising for your own videos/sponsored content as well as different ad rev from the site
Is above average growth really sustainable? Just look around you . Of course it is. Humanity went exponential and will go exponential again
Awesome
As someone who currently lives in florida, lets just say the brain drain will be massive. I can make 85k here and pay 2200 (in some random nook) in rent or I can make 140k in some other states and pay freaking 1300 in a city. Second one is the one im actually going with after graduation.
funny how the theme of politics was conveniently avoided, Liberalism is cancer, so people are moving from those liberal utopias to conservative States because of failures of collectivism
Cool
The failed overreach of government into the pockets (and freedoms) of average Americans has been a major driver of this mass migration. Crime and homelessness is also a driver for this trend.
Breaking News: I'm guessing the comments are Florida men gold
I think the key here is sure the economies of NY and CA are bigger now.  But their populations are fleeing.  And they are starting to suffer the same effects as nations with aging populations where not enough people with income (since they are SOO dependent on income and sales taxes) to keep the states going.  Heck the federal money spigot ran out for California and they had a $38 Billion deficit with bigger projected in the future and no easy way to get that money or cut back services.  And they kept saying well the population drop was a temporary thing yet it's proved to be long lasting and they continue to drop as people leave their mandates and controls (like useless Prop 65 labels lol) and taxes and fees.  Their economy is NOT sustainable in it's current fashion as they refuse to adjust to plan for a declining + aging population over time.
3:50 St. Augustine is the oldest European founded city in the US. It is not the oldest European-founded city in North America.
Why wouldn't FL take some income tax since it is responsible for this status?  If it's the ultimate destination, people will pay it!
"But at what cost" for USA in comparison to china is like pulling uno reverse 😭😂
It’s not that Florida put on a sale like your analogy suggests. It’s that places like California and New York have drastically raised their prices over the years. If you go back 50 or 60 years, you will see that the tax structure of California and New York has dramatically changed while Florida has largely remained the same.
Competition between states is a feature, not a bug. Denigrating this feature as something harmful is just wrong. The U.S. benefits from this competition provided by federalism.
The restrictions must have made the difference. Because no restrictions seems to make you a 3rd world state like California, New York, Chicago, Detroit ...  Go woke. go broke if we go by the evidence we have today.
4:27 worse grouping of things i have ever seen. Completely worthless chart.  Educational services with healthcare... Finance, insurance with real estate..  I'd love to see that in serious detail.  At least it still obvious we can't feed ourselves. "5.2" --farming, fishing, etc. wow.
All of this has to be fake news; MAGA keeps telling us that the US economy is going over a cliff and getting worse every day.
Couldn’t disagree with this take more… FL has had no state income tax since 1885 — people are moving there for a variety of reasons… not just fiscal
I was born and raised in Florida and I feel like I’m being pushed out by senior citizens from other states that have next to zero respect or decency in public/traffic. I’m making just less that 100k (in Martin county) and it’s very difficult to find a decent place to live. I don’t have any other real expenses than rent, electric, car insurance, and food. No kids, no car payment etc. I’m living in a 1 bedroom duplex with no washer/dryer, no dishwasher, tiny bathroom. Every time I try to find somewhere else to live, the prices are absolutely absurd, and I just decide to stay put.
Does increased property development in Florida increase property insurance premiums overall?
Guy says how is America out growing China? Well some states are doing more than their fair share like Florida. But Florida may be hurting America as a whole..... Clearly NOT since you just said America is growing as a whole.
What does he mean by "outgrows"? US GDP grew by 2.5% while China's grew by 5.4% last year.
The only problem with a lot of skilled worker and wealthy businesses moving in is if it happens too quickly. More business = more money for everyone, so not being able to keep up basically isn't a thing.
If you discount Texas during the Obama years, he had no net economic growth during his entire tenure.
Of course floridas growth is ovcuring at the expense of other states. A lot of it is rooted in sntiloberal sentiment but it also has much to do with incentivizing non Floridians of m behalf of the Florida state government. And no, those kf us who do not wish to leave our current states are not fond of this. It is greatly reflective of the rift in american sociopolitical ideology (that is largely a fallacy anyway, but many of us have been absolutely convinced the other side are cretinous beasts who must die). It is truly thevlikes of trump and desantis and abbott thst push this agenda. But the GOP has always prioritized short term gains over long term stability. Boomers, duh.
Proud to be American 🇺🇸  Proud to be Floridian 🙌🏼
Lot's of love from INDIA 🇮🇳❤️
Can people pay their property taxes and interest on home loans in Florida in the long run?
This is so infuriating how as a society we know this is incredibly unsustainable and will require the relocation of all the new goods and people brought to Florida over the next 100 years as sea levels rise. Once again humanity doesn’t stop to think about the future, or they do and just don’t care.
Competition among states is a wonderful thing. Not only can people vote at the ballot box, but they can vote with their feet.
America's geography is so OP
WIX sucks.
Sadly too many Commies from other Communist States are planting themselves in Florida. 😒👎💩
97% of Florida is rural land. Imagine the potential
if you can't trust china's stats, you certainly can't trust the biggest fraudsters in the world, usa.
The governor has a lot to do with folks moving there.
China's economy is growing 5% a year. The U.S. is 1.25%.  China is definitely taking over
Proud Californian :)
And then Democrats are going to flood the state, destroy its foundations and leave it rotten just like many other states before it.
5:15 so what? What do you mean race to the bottom? It’s that race to the bottom in taxes and regulation that boost productivity and wealth for most people
This man says move to Fl to save money.  I have news for all these people moving here.
Florida can literally sustain it’s economy selling alligator hides and meat.
That is due to the new 800 mG Viagra
trump2024
😂😂😂😂
The US system does not GIVE a "level of autonomy" to states. IN the US the STATES themselves authorized limited powers to a central government while retaining to themselves the ultimate autonomy. It is, for example, the STATES themselves that elect the presidents and that have an EQUAL number of senators. And via these senators the STATES them selves that have to approve any legislation at the national level
Cant hear
"These can lead to seperate economies, and these states suck the rest of the states dry if Florida does this"  I somewhat disbelieve the innocence of knowledge of the unholy Califoryorkago from EE.
Cost of living here has gone through the roof. This actually sucks for people living in florida.
It’s almost like people will leave poorly run states for better ones. That’s not a bug of the federal system, it’s a feature.
What can they say? America's wang gotta slang
Why did the GDP growth by state have Maryland and New Hampshire whited out?
OF economics counts. Florida, the US capital of OF "content creators".
Florida can't even get a proper metro or public transportation system and it never will I highly doubt it'll have a public transportation system as good as NYC or even like SF. It surprises me how much the state grows and no one even advocates for it
People move to Florida because the socialist policies of other States . Florida is just being Florida .
Can y’all stop moving to Florida? Thanks.
EE starts with a very odd and, frankly economicly inept, premise in this video.  That Florida's economic success comes at the detriment to other states and the US as whole.  If anything, this "brain-drain" is healthier for the US as whole.  States like CA, MI, & NY abuse their businesses and citizens so they leave and go to states that are far more open to growth, technological development, and treat their citizen far better.  In other words, FL didn't "brain-drain" anyone.  CA et al drove those business and people out!
I was wondering why I don’t recognize the flag you are using for New York…. because it is the flag of New York City, not the state. The flag for the State of New York is blue with “Excelsior” coat of arms. Source: I spent most my life living in the Capital of New York, which isn’t NYC 😅
Florida about to turn into LA 2.0 inflating everything
Interesting - so conservative states appear to be doing better than liberal states? That's not what the TV told me!
7:08 I think Jacksonville is the state's biggest city, not Miami. Great video!
Yaaay, only moeny matters.  Not the growing monocultures of grass.  The dying citrus trees.  The pesty pythons killing all mammals.  Rising seas levels.  The lack of proper zoning. Lack of space and hundreds of thousands of homes being single family.  The lack of food.  The fact that florida doesn't produce anything.  Fish suffering due to polution.  Lack of enough water to go around, clean water without chemicals.  Not great buildings growing old.  No chanhe in policy for the obvious things like Disney.   No solid long term solution for crime in heavy crime areas.  Wildlife literally running away from florida in the past 10 years. Going north during hunting season or in the areas they know hunters don't go much.  Cases of WD.  The tolls being a "much needed source of income" for the state. Then saying " floridians deserve a break in tolls after such hard times". Then creating a saving on tolls system only for the ones who could afford to use it in the first place. The well off.   Not enough protections for contruction workers.  The builders are just garbage and needs a reform, but since profits are great, the CO officer is encouraged to stamp the buildings.  Poverty is increasing for the elderly. Prices are not being protected.  The lines at the grocery stores are increasing because folks are going more often and the self service counters are placing people behind bars for no reason.   Houses are way too expensive for normal folks.
I feel smarter already
Are these images in the video of real humans or creates by AI?
Brightline is the first of it's kind in the United States in over 100 years, and it's in Florida. The rail is expanding significantly making it competitive in ways other states are dropping the ball on. Rail, robust public transportation.
Phosphate is not phosphorus, there is no part of Florida that is difficult to navigate due to terrain, and the United States is not a country. The US is a federation of countries.
You should come to FL. I’ll take you sailing.
The elephant in the room, they are moving from blue states to florida because they are sick of the internal politics and how hard it is to do things in woke states.
LETS GO FLORIDA MEN
i dont understand??? so what is the Florida is doing well? is it because they steal from other states the workers/bussines? not very interesting video at all mate'...
USA economy realises to much on wars
If a person moves his money from New York to Florida, the amount of money in the country stays the same. However, it implies that person's marginal utility from the move is positive, so even if the GDP of the country on paper remains the same, the sum of utility that people of the country get increased, which is a very positive economic outcome,. It may not be easy to represent in the usual economic metrics, but it would make a dent on stuff like "happiness level"
1:00 you used the NYC flag, not the New York State flag.
Definitely is a US exit tax.
How can you do this entire video and not explain that the Trump tax changes are what is driving this migration?
God Bless the free red state of Florida! 🙏
gta vi
Funny, it doesn't feel like the economy is growing. It is probably growing only for the Billionaire businesses.
*effects, not "impacts". Where are people picking up this nonsensical jargon from?
"Florida is a strange place".TRUE THAT.....
Florida expensive state and lowest wages in America
It’s cuz we have an amazing governor who is running this state well
You forgot to mention the insurance crisis in the state.
Economy that depends on wars and terrorism
As a person who grew up in Florida the dirty little secret is Florida is mostly a state by and for entrepreneurs if you have to work for a living you are better off living somewhere else.
Why you need to compete with a economic giant like China? Grow at your own pace and be happy with it.
Only problem, Florida will be under water in a few decades.
I call BS as a long haul trucker freight is terrible leaving Fla so what are they producing or is it an economy of retirement checks and  tourists.
Suddenly interested in seeing a video on Georgia, and how we're doing compared to the rest of the US. I saw us there as #8 a couple of times, so we must be doing something right.
It should also be kept in mind that a business which moves from a high-tax and high-regulation state like California, Illinois, or New York, to a low-tax and low-regulation state like Texas or Florida, is consequently able to operate more efficiently. The economy of the gaining state grows more than the economy of the losing state shrinks, so overall the national economy grows when businesses flee from anti-business states to pro-business states.
I was surprised that the industries that make up the FL economy didn't account for its historic role (~50+ years) as the gateway into the USA for cocaine traffic. It's said that Miami was rebuilt with cocaine money.
Hurricane
*USA 'outgrows' China when specifically using Nominal GDP that is unadjusted for inflation (or PPP for that matter)
Watching from Florida ❤!
7:29 that's the NYC flag, not NY state
Tampa and St Pete, two big cities next to each other, are both facing cost of living crises. I am seeing firsthand what is likely caused by what you mentioned, rich retirees moving in and pricing other out.
Yeah well, when you elect bad politicians and policies based on bad ideologies, you'll lose people, and vice versa. People vote with their feet. Let the chips fall where they may.
Live it up while you can, Florida. Climate change is going to cause problems, whether you believe it or not.
We are already taxed wayyyy too much, nothing wrong with states making a race to the bottom by lowering taxes!
Economic explained I like you totally forgot the expansion of space economy in Florida, intelligent and wealthy are to Florida cause they have to cause space industry especially spaceX expansive capacity of launches in Florida has impact the industry.
Something missing from this video is that while yes, the financial sector has been growing in FL, theres also HUGE growth in tech, defense, and actual high tech industries like spacecraft. FL has the busiest spaceport in the world. Much of the most high tech US Defense development work is done in FL. Medical research is also a huge sector in FL. All of this is built off both talent migrating here, but one of the best State University systems in the country.  Tropical Storms are also a complete non-issue. We literally have pop up storms in the summer stronger than tropical storms. Cat3 Hurricanes are the minimum to start tonoay attention.  Not aure how ourdated the leaderboard is, but FL is easily ranked ahead of California in economic health.
Lets also leep in mind that a lot of the exodus to Florida is due to other states failing those residents. Theyre leaving places where theyre overtaxed, not protected from crime, saddled with endless regulations, and are essentially held back from getting ahead by their state and local governments.  You can't really feel bad for the states losing people, because they directly caused those losses.
When a state doesnt respect their workers and taxes them heavily ofcourse they will go somewherre else where they are treated better.
I saw that Florida gained almost as much residents as New York lost. I just thought I should mention I live in New York currently and ironically most New Yorkers who want to move, want to move to Florida and iv known them to do so as well. I have no idea if there is actually a correlation, but just thought it was worth noting.
I think you forgot your favorite subtopic: Florida has some of the lowest cost universities due to high levels of state funding.  As a banker I can say that there is a lot more international tourism money than 10yrs ago as well as a lot of commercialization from the large defense and nasa R&D spending in the state
9:07  Dubai? Really? How about human rights and can't legally drink alcohol there. It's a bad fit for a westerner. That, and when transportation doesn't need oil then that society could collapse because it couldn't adjust fast enough.
Your analysis is completely wrong. The reasons people are leaving is because of government but your solutions involve adding more government. It's as delusional as it is insane. There reason this extreme inequality exists is because of the government... not because of anything else. If the states losing people aren't willing to reduce government, then they're doubling down on making people poor. Those states willing to remove the boot from the neck of the free market will liberate wealth and the poor will become less poor over time... which is what happens 100% of the time. The free market will always win. Government will always lose. There's no rational or moral debate to defend the actions of government.
TLDR fl has one of the worse econ. in america this video is likely made by a right wing propagandist
Can you start including the median (not average!) income per capita in your analysis? Or Gini coefficient? I find it interesting to know how much of a country's population benefits from that country's economic output
This has always happened in the US. Nothing to see here at all. The Biggest issues are immigrations (legal and illegal) and USMCA’s impact on US economy.
I suggest that it's unreasonable to say that Florida has a problem by drawing workers from other states.
Go woke go broke .. don’t blame it on Florida ..
Great point on the phosphorus mining and its ties to the agri sector.  This is why Mosaic (Fortune 500) is based in Tampa, a key port for bulk cargo exports.
Florida is known for Drugmoneylaundring since the 80´s , isn´t it?
I bet the accent is fake 😂
If Disney didn’t attack Children with Drag Show and Gender destruction and just stay in the lane of clean and wholesome entertainment they would not have run afoul of the Governor. Also, Disney was enjoying a unique semi-autonomous status and did not have to pay taxes like every other companies in Florida.
We're full here in Florida, please move back... Insurance rates are making home ownership/mortagages and even renting rates unreachable. Our traffic is horrible, we have no legit mass public transportation. Sidewalks in the suburbs that actually connect to anything outside of subdivisions (?) 😂 No!  Do you really understand how hot and how long our summers are with the humidity even after the sun goes down? No, you dont!  Are you sure you can handle hurricane season?! No, you not ready.  Please go back to live, come to visit, please  enjoy our beaches, Cuban sandwhiches, nature parks, our amusement parks, the neighborhood aligators walking down the sidewalk during mating season, the Burmese pythons mating rampantly all over the state then please go and make your home somewhere else. I hear that south Georgia, Northern Alabama, Atlanta, Charolotte N.C. and Costa Rica are great 😅
Oh, even with a 35 trillion national debt
Pity about its reactionary politics.
This premise should also consider Florida taxation and regulation as a way to force other states to cease their unproductive spending, which drives higher taxation and regulations that most think is wasteful.
People are moving out of FL
People move to FL because they are living in places like NJ, CA, IL and NY where the taxes are insane and the government takes all available money and have borderline communist policies.   FL is a no-income-tax state too.  CA has horrible homeless problems and stupid dem draconian policies .  Plus the climate is so much better in FL than many states.  Renting and buying is expensive in FL but not anywhere near the cost of CA.
Moved to FL 2.5 years ago due to a job. Honestly cannot wait to book it.
I moved from NYC to Miami 2.5 years ago. Best decision of my life 🥰
Liberals destroy everything
How is Florida the first western city in the north American continent? Did you hear of a tiny place South of Florida (still in North America) called Mexico?
Was not expecting to see Boise on here.
usa,s gdp gap with china will increase more than some one expected likely to be 10tillion in 2030- 2050 my predication
Florida really the best state.. most freedoms and opportunities
I'd love to see a video on one of the worst states for economics. Possibly Louisiana or some other poor state
Either way, there's a commonality between the states being fled, just as there's commonality between the states being fled to.
Can you slow down just a little bit
> "Florida outgrows China"  > Look inside 4:23  > Real estate speculation
"Young and highly skilled" thats an oxymoron.
That's what average is. All of the Ukrainian money is flowing into Florida.
You do not understand how the US works.
One of our political parties has tricked their rubes into believing we have it terrible.  Can't go around saying gub'ment doesn't work... unless you ensure it doesn't.
1:00 that's the flag of New York City, not New York State. Great video, thought! 😁
but florida is gonna be underwater in a couple years 🙄🙄🙄
Your myopic approach has failed you here. Rising sea levels and increasing storm strength and frequency due to climate change, rising gun violence and the drug epidemic and increases in racism, sexism and homophobic xenophobia are definitely going to impact Florida and threaten its economy.
If every state competed with each other to attract residents, that would benefit residents. Just like if lots of independent stores competed with each other. Your analogy to different franchise stores in a chain doesn't apply because these states are genuinely independent and don't have a boss to yell at them for increasing consumer surplus at the expense of the parent company's profit.  No, there are not good reasons for policies like stadium subsidies which basically all economists oppose. And it is "real economic progress" for such migrants to live in places they prefer, even if you want to dismiss them for being "wealthy".
Yep, I’m a 26 year old finance guy that just moved from NY to FL for all the reasons you mentioned
watch that phosphate tailings ponds (very toxic)
🎉Watch those long term leases on beach  propertys (Sea level check)
*Sunday, March 24, 2024.* 🍷🥖 Will you show [your] appreciation for everything he did for us?
Economics channel: "competition (between states) is bad"  lol Those people who don't like their workers living somewhere better can feel free to vote to lower costs of living in their state or offer better incentives to stay.
STONKS (stocks) INCREASEEEE!!
"Older residents die just as quickly as they moved in" 😅 harsh stuff
Florida has half the people of California but more money per capita. Republican state vs Democrat state. Makes sense.
Did you eat Tabasco before this video EE? So stressed and hard to follow
Putting "China" in the tagline was just a hook, since this video was really about Florida.  Be that as it may, China's nominal GDP in USD could overtake that of the USA through a shift in exchange rate, not just through growth.  One factor that brough Japan's GDP much close to that of the US was the USD/JPY went from 350 to 150.  That more than doubled Japan's GDP in USD terms.  Hopefully China and US do not see such a realignment.  But given how close the two GDPs are in USD terms, a moderate strengthening of 30% in the CNY against USD could nudge China's GDP to the world's largest, in terms of USD.  Congress failing to raise the next debt-ceiling or the loser of the 2024 election refusing to concede are possible self-inflicted wounds unleased on the USD.
At one minute the three flags are California state flag, New York City flag, and Texas state flag. It might be a mistake but as a NYC resident I support the implication that my city alone is on par with entire states
So, of the states that are growing economically, how much of that can be attributed to Biden? Not much at all. Our strongest state economies in terms of growth appear to be Florida (lean R state), Texas (likely R) state, Nevada (tossup), North Carolina (lean R state), Tennessee (safe R state), Utah (safe R state), Georgia (tilt R state), Idaho (safe R state), New York (safe D state) and Colorado (likely D state).
Many of US States are as powerful as top 20 economy in the world. And US has like 50 of them
Well reading all the comments we get a clear picture of what’s really going on here … i hope the research team at EE will read these comments from real everyday Americans to the reality of life here in the states…
In Switzerland the rich states, mostly with rather low taxes pay into a fond where poorer states do get money from. So the incentive to go all to low is limited at some point because you will just pay more and more into said fond. Same exists on community level in some states.
Clickbait title.    Barely any mention of China.
Thanks for thinking about languages not native to Europe. Does Malayalam ring bell? Would you like to make video about the economy of Kerala or your views, as in what’s good or bad?
All this "economic growth" just means it's too expensive for most people. Now is the time to leave
The United States is blessed with competition among states in how to govern, regulate, and tax. Imagine if the EU decided to imitate this formula, which also works in Switzerland. Why should one fear competition between states or regions when competition is something that states seek to promote in the private market?
America forgets who feeds them. In fact, the whole world forgets. Globalization is good but it has drawbacks that countries and people don't understand
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣only an idiot would think that Florida is doing anything for Americans
Nah competition is good maybe New York and California will stop sucking so much if they had to compete. Really they haven't had to compete for anything for decades those were just THE places you went if you were going to America or if you were already in America but wanted better opportunities. Now that'll change unless they lower taxes or actually use their tax revenue for something benefitial instead of just making the states politicians richer.
I live and work in Florida as a construction worker and it's pretty much a lot of construction everywhere.
FLORIDA MAN
7:50 Wouldn't productive workers moving to Florida and diminishing the wealth of other states go against the idea that the American economy grew due to Florida?
is this AI generated?
A bit too pessimistic for my tastes. Competition amongst states leads to a race to the bottom? Please. Do you also think competition is bad for the consumer?
Wait a second while I cry for CA and NY losing their workers to FL and TX while they essentially legalize petty theft, destroy marriage, and discriminate against white people. I am one of the workers who moved, economics was never a consideration, but once I decided I had to leave NY because I fear for my safety, I might as well choose a place where I'm better off economically. So, the consequences you mentioned are correct, but not the causes.
Everyone loves Miami
One big point not mentioned is the lack of law and order in California and New York. Florida being a pro Law and Order state is a huge plus for people moving in
Florida ceases to exist in a world with rapid sea level rise and frequent hurricanes, while in-land Texas is better able to withstand wildfires. TX is definitely a more sustainable investment.
There's a balance when it comes to economics because of course, money isn't actually real.   So you can point to expensive areas and say, "See, it's expensive, and that's GOOD, because it means everyone wants to live there because of now nice and high-quality it is!" But you can also say, "No, cheap areas are better because they are more affordable and a lot more of what traditionally constituted a 'LIFE' is possible there!" Really, it's a balance, because we should all be chasing quality of life, not money.  What we've seen in California (and I've left, which was the best decision I ever made) is not only skyrocketing prices, but also a lower quality of life, with crime gradually creeping out of formerly bad areas and into traditionally "good" areas. It's the worst of both worlds, really. That is why people are fleeing. Politics may be another reason, but of course, politics is downstream from culture.
Just to mention, the Netherlands is not a federation, it is an unitary country
Some make it down to Florida without doing all the groundwork first, then they come face to face with the insurance fiasco and "new tax adjustments" on inflated home prices and turn right back around
The problem with the US economy is that while it has been growing all that wealth is hyper concentrated in government, corporations, and older people.    Younger people may make good money on paper but still live paycheck to paycheck because of taxes, rapidly increasing cost of living, and essentially locked out of the housing market because of high prices and interest rates.    Unless something changes soon it’s going to come to a head where almost all Americans don’t own anything and spend their entire paychecks and more on basic goods like rent and groceries.
Yoink guy makes the difference
Worth noting that the 2017 tax change that capped federal deductions on state and local taxes has been one of the drivers of recent migration of high-earners to states like Florida (and Texas and Tennessee) with no income tax.  If it's allowed to expire in 2025 as the law is currently written it will be interesting to see if that has any effect of slowing internal migration to low-income-tax states.
So America first works ?   Hmm. Who would have thought. Not the so called experts, that’s for sure.
DeSantis be COOKING
A million hours per month. Lovely.
We moved to FL in 2014 and we barely were able to afford it. Now, a decade later, we've made alot of money on real estate but if we were to move here now, we wouldn't be able to afford it. Housing is a critical issue with insurance rates out of control. Alot of this is the result of rich people from CA and NY along with retirees with a lifetime of savings to use.
I have to say, this is one of the most enjoyable ways for a non-economics trained person to learn this subject. Great content! Thank you!!
The Netherlands is not a federation and is most definitely a unitary state so that was not a good example.
FLORIDA MAAAAAAAN!!!! 😎🌴☀️⛱️🐊🌀
The moment you said México's economy is comparable to spain's i stoped taking You seriously... And ive been watching for years.
Easily one of the worst videos with little actual demonstrated cause and effort. You say it will cause issues with poor states?  Florida WAS one of those poor states.  You say a “race to the bottom” is bad?  What about overregulation and overtaxation being bad, in those places people are leaving?  No one is forcing people to come to Florida. If California and New York didn’t treat their residents like tax cows and over-regulate them to death, they would not keep coming to Florida.
You could analyse Italy also for internal brain draining to shed light on the north south divide
FINALLY. VINDICATION!!  Ok maybe not. But I swear the early 2000's onward was just a massive propoganda campaign about how China was going to overtake the US in every major way. It was fear mongering at its finest, and who knows, maybe in the future they might. And it was always said it would be immediate and imminent. But I always thought... How? Why? There's more factors to it than just "everything is made in China", which seemed to be the basis for most people thinking it.  I am glad to see us growing and adapting to a changing world and keeping our edge even if people don't think so. 🇺🇸
12:38 Republican economic policy in a nutshell. Help the few, not the many
Not mentioning that the state is going to be wiped out by climate change is a massive oversight
Money laundering is big business - drug cartels and capital flight from South and Central America.
Please never stop saying the word “die”, I can’t stand “ unalive”
If I declared myself a country and ran a 1.5 trillion deficit where would I rank on the leaderboard?
Since you are now doing individual states I would like to see one on North Carolina and how different the western part of the state is from the eastern part.
Maybe all the non-Americans will finally realize why we dont learn their countries. Our states are so big and culturally diverse just exploring one is like a different country with its own customs and state stereotypes. 😂
I disagree with this commentary. Competition is always a good thing for society as a whole. Yes you can point to short term problems. When one area loses because of competition it opens the door in that area for new development. Look at Michigan. They had a huge transformation after the auto sector diversified. Now they are rebuilding stronger.
Who’s going to say the quiet bit out loud? States that get woke, their citizens go to Florida….
Why don't you make a video about getting insurance in Florida....
For people who belive this 🤣
Yawn at 8:04
China's GDP is not growing right now.  They lie about all their economic data.
This doesn't explain the overall growth of the USA though as it's just a reshuffling of internal wealth
You say it's very sustainable but you failed to mention the imminent insurance collapse.
less-mentioned FL expenses   Disaster-related & long term costs have caused FL car insurance rates to be about the 2nd highest in the USA, possibly also atrributed to it's failed No-Fault Auto insurance. Add in the staggering cost of Homeowner's Insurance - many insurers leave the state OR jack up rates for EVERYONE after a hurricane, or even refuse to cover the ubiquitous mfg home.  Rising property taxes (yeah, we gotta make up for no state income tax, I get that) and increasing home values and you'd better do your homework before moving South if you think it'll be "cheaper living in FL".  I won't bother to mention the humidity, bugs & critters, lightning & rain. Ooops, I just did 😂
Main reason people move to Florida is the cheap real estate relative to other parts of the US and Canada.
Stop moving here. States like California and New York only have the GDPs they do because of sheer population. Ours comes from good policies. Whatever state you fled did not have good policies or you wouldn't be coming here and driving up our housing prices and traffic congestion. You and your garbage politics are bad for our state and it's economy, we do not welcome you.
1:03 that is not the New York State flag.
"Florida has no state income tax... for retirees this helps their money go further" What?
So you mean people are leaving Democrat states for Republican states? Well i want to move to US too. But ideally to a Republican state where i wont be bullied by Commies. ❤ from Turkey.
How DARE you make a video based on facts and not politics!
Did China officially grow by 5.2% last year?
It seems that even a professional economics YouTube channel doesn’t know the impact of exchange rate on GDP. Last year, China’s economic growth rate was 5.2%, but due to the U.S. dollar exchange rate and the Federal Reserve’s interest rate hikes, it didn’t look that high. However, if You compare real purchasing power and exclude inflation, it's growing much faster than the U.S.
Thanks for the carry, FL man
So productive people are leaving high tax states with dysfunctional government  (NY, CA) to lower tax states with better governmen (FL, TX). The solution is pretty obvious, stop being so bad California and New York. Lower taxes and cut down on regulation.
So state taxes work exactly like prisoner dilemma. Whoever drops them benefits to the detriment of others, but if everyone does that - everyone loses.
”Florida has the same economic output as Mexico or Spain - Impressive considering it is only one of 50 states” – well, states can be of different populations, that is what is relevant. Not that it is a state.
How a state with a massive amount of memes carries an entire country.
"Same score as Texas, which arrived at this number in a different and arguably more sustainable way"   I'd actually argue that it isn't more sustainable, considering a lot of the economic power of Texas comes from all the oil they produce.
Florida Moment
i wonder if this is still gonna stand once the state is underwater thanks to climate change
This video is completely bunk and you're misleading a lot of people (which you're probably aware of).  Take note of the 2022 cutoff on the graph.  This was when the US/West was out of lockdown and China locked down the entire country cutting their manufacturing output significantly.  China had its literally worst performing growth in multiple decades in 2022 while everywhere else was rebounding from COVID (as seen on the graph).  IMF data is now showing a completely different picture.  That China is growing faster than the US again.  Also note all this growth is because of the strength of the Dollar.  In terms of GDP growth (annual %), China is far ahead of America.  What this means is that if the Dollar weakens all that growth goes bye bye, and a lot of American economists think that it is overvalued and likely to devalue.   That is literally the reason why Europe is doing so bad on this graph.  The Euro was extremely weak during that period.  Why am I having to explain this to an Economics channel with over 2.5 million subs?
Now overlay that map of growth per state with the political map of the US - what is the correlation?
The Climate Alarmists tell us to worry about, high temperatures, increase in storms, severe droughts and ocean levels increasing. Don’t seem to worry Americans
Florida man 1v1 entire PLA ez no dif
Well boo hoo. So intelligent people move to where they are welcome. Imagine not wanting to stay in a high tax high crime woke shithole. Yes Florida real estate is expensive but is it dearer than all the taxes and lifestyle negatives of New York or California?
When Florida is called the weirdest US state, it's expected to be able to do even whatever sounds impossible
Montana is already being overrun by rich people, forcing the poors out due to no housing. What else do you want the capitalist class?
Why is it positive with competition between companies to be attractive employers and suppliers, but negative with competition between states or countries for citizens and as suppliers of core services? I argue it is not. It will lead to innovation as much there as it does with business. And innovation is in the long run the ONLY really important determinant of quality of life for humans in any region.
more neoliberal drivel from a garbage channel
You forgot to mention that more people are moving From Florida either to or back to California.  Turns out florida isn't what it was cracked up to be, and with worse weather
just a quick note, Canada and the Netherlands are not federations but constitutional monarchies with parliamentary democracies.
California couldn't be more Useless as liberals are.
You mentioned a potential issue in the US where it's easy for people to move from the poorer states to the richer ones, causing brain drain and capital flight. However, what we see in the video is the opposite – Florida is a relatively "poor" state in the US, below the median per-capita GDP for states. Yet, people are leaving the richest states like New York, California and Massachusetts to move to places like Florida and Oklahoma. It sounds more like a great equalizer than anything. I understand why the channel didn't want to talk about it in depth, but a huge reason for people moving to these states is political. This ties in to the low tax rates, but has additional benefits as well.
So you're saying it's only a matter of time before Californians and New Yorkers move to Florida and Texas and ruin them too?
The United States is a busy place with busy people who outsource many tasks because they don't have time to do them themselves. I feel like people on the outside looking in don't understand how busy it is even in small cities.
Say it with me "global stabdard tax rate" Again "Universal basic income"
This video is just "why we need a stronger level of globalisation and socialisation"
Look up list of "Biggest Companies in Florida"  and The largest company is a Fly by Night Grocery Store.  Lol.  Florida's Economy makes no Sense.  Basically it's just a bunch of people moving from Powerful States & Bringing their money with them to Florida.
Florida Man has beaten China 😂  Edit: I haven't read the other posts when I wrote mine. Then I realized that others also had this in mind 😂😂 Florida Man 😂😂😂
I'd another important factor, regarding Florida and why folks are moving there in droves is because of better more solod governance compared to where they are leaving from like California and New York which are incredibly mismanaged and overall more draconian and burdensome regulations and taxes.
Competition goes beyond just lowering tax. It also includes the quality of regulation and the culture of the people. States with a closed mindset may lose people to other states, and this can be healthy overall. You came a bit shy of supporting this migration as a positive matter overall.
Good thing everything in Florida is going fine and nothing bad will happen in the next 50 years.
So ... Florida is growing at the expense of USA, but USA is growing stronger than ever, but this is  mainly due to Florida, but Florida is growing at the expense of USA, but USA is growing stronger than ever, ... huh? So who is producing the REAL growth, if not Florida? I'm confused.
Is it ? 🥱
China clears Florida
Just left Miami for south Texas and  couldn’t be happier. Couldn’t afford it anymore. The whole state is becoming gentrified and it’s really sad
Tesla staff  workers abused, worth less than super rich thieves, slave pay, dont give us peanuts, no dignity on 20k, very degrading humiliating  pay, minimum living wage needs to be 57k and zero tax for workers . Elon musk king charles lives on tax payers subsidies avoids paying their taxes and colonial stolen wealth worth £trillions & He also receives £140 million of your taxes a year, they pocket the taxes plus the profits with slave pay, they became super rich by robbing the working people twice
Tesla staff  workers abused, worth less than super rich thieves, slave pay, dont give us peanuts, no dignity on 20k, very degrading humiliating  pay, minimum living wage needs to be 57k and zero tax for workers . Elon musk king charles lives on tax payers subsidies avoids paying their taxes and colonial stolen wealth worth £trillions & He also receives £140 million of your taxes a year, they pocket the taxes plus the profits with slave pay, they became super rich by robbing the working people twice
Liberal policy is pushing people out of New York, California. People are tired of the agenda
Has he done a California leader bird? lol
👍
Crony capitalism is a race to the bottom
Nothing that benefits Florida is a benefit to the USA as a whole.
Florida man is God chosen people
i grew up in florida. it was 1998 when we moved to south florida. our house was 140k roughly. decent area near the redlands. on a little peninsula of houses into a couple farms. pretty perfect spot honestly. all of the farms are replaced with mcmansions going for 800k. the house that would be 200k tops in texas is now 500k. the only real jobs are service jobs. and a crack house is 1500 for rent. the only people i grew up with that still live there are the ones putting the crack into the crack house. now northern florida gets a bit better. but my point is that its not sustainable. the youth cant get a job and cant afford to live. so we all left.
If the country weren't inundated with so much ideological sewage from the left we would be able to achieve anything. The US would become an untouchable beacon of freedom and prosperity.
The title has no factual basis and is only meant to clickbait. China has grown faster than the USA for 3-4 decades already. Moreover, he is explaining that Florida has grown rapidly at the expense of other states, meaning it has no effect on a national level, nada.
The title has no factual basis and is only meant to clickbait. China has grown faster than the USA for 3-4 decades already. Moreover, he is explaining that Florida has grown rapidly at the expense of other states, meaning it has no effect on a national level, nada.
The title has no factual basis and is only meant to clickbait. China has grown faster than the USA for 3-4 decades already. Moreover, he is explaining that Florida has grown rapidly at the expense of other states, meaning it has no effect on a national level, nada.
@7:00 Note the way you are skirting about the Democrat Party's communist policy making - sort of sad people fail to mention the shift to the left in that party. But look at any blue city. They're fudged.
You don't need to be a biologist to know that all the blood goes to the wang.
Florida and Texas are not stealing talent from places like New York or California. Talent is fleeing places like NY and California. That's a big difference. Its not just about taxes. It about misguided liberal policies that have resulted in higher crime, higher cost of living, decaying infrastructure and unreliable services.
Why dont you slacker states clean up your act!   Help us out down here our shoulders are getting tired !
Sooo....Florida Man is more important than first thought?
I feel like the competition between states in the US is seen as a feature and not a bug. Perhaps states like California and NY would be losing fewer people and businesses to Texas and Florida if they eased up on their taxes and regulations? These migrations don't happen for no reason.
I live in FL and price of living is skyrocketing. I do plan on moving out in the near future. Its become the New York of the South .  The rest of the world need to stay home. WE MISS CHEAP HOUSING!!!
305
This channel is dishonest.  When it says "the US is growing faster than China"", It is quoting the nominal GDP growth for US vs. China in 2023.  However, it fails to mention that 2023 real GDP growth in US was 2.5% (according to US gov BEA) vs. 5.2% for China.
I think you should add either income or wealth inequality when ranking nations/states. Headline economic figures are good but if they only benefit a relatively small number of people what’s the point
I think Florida's success is more about California and New York's failure than Florida implementing policies to attract people to leave those failed states.
Ohohoh!! Could you do a Pacific Islands comparison and ranking? It would be interesting to see how and why some of these countries/ economies have thrived or failed IE. Nauru vs Fiji
EE premise: tax & population rebalancing to low-tax, low-regulation states lead to more individual liberty and less government (over-) reach. And this is "bad, maybe?" It is an open question why EE tacitly assumes that governments spending is superior to individual choices. Weird given common government mis-spending & policy choices.  But maybe statist priors out Australia is a viewpoint that we should consider?
Sure, their GPD is good, but you'd be living in Florida where everyone has guns and gays and minorities are persecuted by the state.
civil war lol
VOTE 💙 2024
the US economy is only growing due to $2T deficits. we are adding $1T in debt every 90 days.  Stop talking about how printing trillions is economic growth.  Absolute lies on this channel
race to the bottom in the US has been happening for 40 years  but the flux means instability rules and corporate bandits profit.
You really need to do further research on the current insurance crisis that’s starting to boil over in Florida.  It has caused certain types of real estate (townhouses, condos especially) to decrease precipitously in value, and is driving out older residents as fast as they can unload such properties.  It is a huge risk to the real estate market overall there, and could very well grind the state’s population growth to an abrupt halt.  The government there also seems wholly incapable or unwilling to fix it too, which isn’t helping….
It’s like Florida just popped a low tax pill and all the throbbing growth is rushing down. They should consult an economist if this kind of growth lasts more than a decade.
Wonder how much Messi going to Miami plays a part in this
4:50 "The phosphate dug out of the ground in Florida supplies 3/4 of all fertilizer required by farmers in the country." Except the document shown on screen actually says "Florida *and North Carolina*", not just Florida.
EE going to Brew Haven… didn’t know he liked a hazy
Growth? How? The planet is finite.
You used the flag of New York City rather than the flag of New York State.
skip to 2:42
"Headline economic success does not always lead to genuine economic success. " Or is it that it rarely leads to any real genuine economic success in these recent times. Even as the wealthy push out the poor or less wealthy from their neighbourhoods, they will eventually find that there will be no one left to collect the garbage or serve them food at their favourite restaurant etc. etc. etc.
So how does Florida have the same score as Texas when Texas has far higher GDP per capita, much bigger GDP, more people, and the most Fortune 500 companies in the country.
I live in Florida and can confirm that it does not suck as much as the left coast states. We generally have more liberty here and less bureaucracy to deal with than the states from which the newcomers hail. Can also confirm that living expenses have gone up significantly since the great migration began, but then again the federal government printed trillions of dollars and debased the currency, so I am not sure how much is due to what.
So we're just gonna gloss over the starfort @ 3:47 like it's no big deal?
Yet Americans don't want the governor of this state as their president...
In 20 years, the Florida Peninsula will be under water.  Buying a house in FL is really dumb.
The number of people mentioning how the sudden influx of people from NY and Cali is negatively effecting established residents is significant. I wouldn’t be surprised if there was a movement to make it harder for people from Cali to move in to protect the QoL of established residents. I can see DeSantis adding quotas or limits from out of state residents moving in, or forcing businesses to only relocate only 10% of its workforce when moving to FL and hiring everyone else as local, the same way that other countries treat foreign business. Besides from a business standpoint any out of state business is technically considered foreign anyway.
Oh man, have we forgotten COVID and the lock downs? California and New York crushed people's rights and drove them out.
05:13 You can say that again.
The economy is not a fixed pie.  It’s not just pushing water around the pool.  Every state has always been competing to attract talent and investment.  The overall standard of living for the average person continues to rise.
It is seriously infuriating that you keep blaming Florida for the capital flight. Florida is the state providing refuge from bad governance. If California and New York did not want to deal with capital flight, they should have elected better people. The erosion of property rights and the rule of law in California and New York is the fault of these states and these states alone.
It is close to East coast like New York, and other eastern states.
Florida has no state tax
I’d love to hear where Virginia would show up on the leaderboard
Many of us from here are getting priced out. Half of the people i've known for most of my life have left for greener pastures.
Dude chill it with the ChatGPT research. Phosphate mining is non controversial, the only people dumb enough to think it is is the proud people of Alphabet
We only have one rule here if you want in. You leave your previous state's BS at the door. No exceptions.
https://youtu.be/7Ody9AGVuQ8?si=ogMLH19kP3rneTO7&t=676 Yes please!
Federalism is what makes America great.  New York should start emulating the policies of Florida.  People don't like the leach of govt.
Atlist china is not sabotaging America left right and center not blocking America from simi conductors not stopping other from doing business not paying for propaganda 😂
But Trump says the country is going down in flames.  😂😂🤣🤣
As a Californian, if my state wants to keep more of us from moving away they should tax is less and audit their own wasteful spending. CA Gov is ruining this state
0:03 For the first time lol yeah right--according to China. Subtract 3-5% for all China GDP figures due to corruption, statistics manipulation, and white elephant projects
7:16 hmm
The USD is a fiat system, not able to continue to last, conventionally.  The cans been kicked down the road a long time. Now it’s a snowball rolling down a slope  I learned this 20+ years ago thanks to a lecturer at uni. Also, 2008 financial crisis was bad, Economists said the next will be worse   Cracks of this one is becoming more obvious to the general public, or long ago to those that understand
Dear Yankees, Snowbirds, and Boomers: Please leave. You are not welcome here. Thanks, -Florida
Coutry sure but federal coutry that is highly decentralised !!
Florida is humid, too many bugs, and there are gators everywhere. People need to stop moving here from NY, CA, MA, and similar states. Do continue to vacation though, we appreciate those tourist taxes very much :)
Are you actually saying that you believe the bullshit numbers that the US government puts out?! Can you really be that naïve or are you just a shill for the US?
4:54 uh the highlighted text does not say what you say it says. It’s close but more then a rounding area.
Other states could get rid of their income taxes. That would be a great outcome for the whole country of Florida's brain drain.
yo whats going on in idaho
My god son,  could you do some research?  Texas has no state tax either.  Just some stupid mistakes!!
Florida is a strange place.  Said a man living in Jurassic Park
Can you do an episode on Australia states. Like WA or Queensland
In the first ten seconds, your own graph disproves your words.
Wish you mentioned the aerospace industry here in Florida. It's not just from an economics standpoint but a geopolitical one as well, as space access and launch cadence are critical to project power, and Florida is the world's most active spaceport.
Reminder! China's GDP expended at 5.4% while USA 2.4 %, how it outperformed China? Can someone please help me to understand this mathematics?
Man, you completely missed the mark on why people came to and stayed in Florida. You call yourself an economist?
Disaster funding allocated by federal government by state since 2017 for all non-covid disasters (from fema's website): NY - $2B, CA - $13B, FL $29B....what happens as more people move to florida and property values continue to rise? US citizens should refuse to pay disaster bills for Floridians. Most of this is for hurricanes and fire disaster declarations.
This video is a total crock. The USA's success is built on a stable rule of law and being generally FREER than the rest of the world. This should not been seen as growing 'at the expense of others'. Florida has a better rule of law and a generally FREER economy - which is why it is growing faster than the rest of the USA. New York, California and left wing sh*tholes are shrinking as they are failing to enforce the law and are quickly becoming LESS FREE and more difficult to do business in.
florida: you may not like it, but this is what peak performance looks like
I guess, war is benefit Americans.  Moving paper one desk to anther desk. Over charging sick citizens, also making citizens ill with process food.
You should look into the timebomb that is home owner's insurance industry in Florida.
Our mining also helps big time cuz we mine alot of construction aggregate here in FL which helps cuz there is a ton of construction goin on here
I predict within 10 years, people are going to start moving out of Florida due to climate change.
In a way you can say that Cali is holding Texas and Florida back
This video is not for intelligent people.😒
https://youtu.be/unxXRKjIwOc?si=5idHdHHtNmQfKKSP
When did Vermont and New Hampshire merge?
Interstate competition is the only check on out-of-control state bureaucracies, mismanagement and taxes.
Housing Insurance is astronomical in Florida which is vulnerable to flooding. There is also the terrible schools. Feelings about the governor vary but he has proven hostile to business.
Is this growth sustainable?  Well, most of it will be under water in 40 years, so probably not in the long term.
People create/build a city, said city starts thriving, *Diversity* finds out, starts moving in, everything gets worse, people flee, start new city. It's the Circle of Life
I know a lot of people that moved out of Florida in the pass couple years. Over the laws and guns.
Let's just say it, fleeing from taxes (and/or tax evasion) is a coward's behaviour.
Requesting an analysis for Washington state - the home of Amazon, Microsoft, Boeing, Starbucks and more!
Florida and Texas' growth is in part a rebuke of New York and California. Both latter states are run in a way that puts an excessive burden on their residents. I don't see states competing with each other as being a race to the bottom. I see it as a forced correction; a check on corruption and mismanagement.
You can eliminate a lot of confusion by simply restating the fact the the US is a Union of 50 different countries, not "states".  Each country in the union has a lot of leeway in driving their own economic decisions and futures.
If you believe Chinese numbers  We all saw their GDP growth was heavily based on housing
Glad I was here for the best because now the worst is upon us; Climate change, inflation, overcrowded roads and morons from all over.  I will be leaving for a condo on a private lake in four years far away. Florida is a mess.
How is worker/job migration to Florida increasing the US economy? Shouldn't the net growth be the same?
florida: stand proud china, you are strong
All the gdp increase are from inflation.  Everything cost so much more nowadays
I live in Florida and absolutely love it. I've been here for 25 years, and I really don't want to be anywhere else.  My company manufacturers aluminum ADA compliant handicap ramp systems for use across the state that started in Miami. No state income taxes,  low fees,  business friendly and that great weather. What more can you possibly ask for!
Capital and brain drain are only an issue for democrats controlled states in the US. If they don’t want their people to flee to conservative states in droves, maybe they should change their policies to be more in line with conservative core values…
So one of the many reasons we don’t need our border to become the third worlds dumping grounds. This is ridiculous. We take in so many and if you don’t want your community overrun after awful policies were enacted you’re terrible, especially if you’re skeptical of the Biden administrations on paper only solutions. Oh well, hopefully Biden is gone by November
California and New York could reduce taxes and build housing to make their states more attractive for their citizens. 🤷
I think this is happening in Canada regarding Alberta.
Simple solution: increase federal taxes, redistribute the excess collections to each state based on populations/revenue or whatever, and limit the floor/ceiling in state taxes to diminish the interstate competition.
What because of inflation? LOL
My time to shine
My time to shine
My time to shine
I'm from central Florida and boy I'm scared for the future of the state. It was cool at first when people started realizing that FL is actually a great place to live in, but the amount of people from northern states that have moved in is just insane. Around 2019  you could get an awesome 2300 sq.ft house in a good area of Kissimmee or Saint Cloud for just 240k and those same houses are now going for well above 400k. I feel like we had a good thing and then when people realized it, it became popular and is slowly going away. I still love the state and will rather be nowhere else, but I fear that if this keeps up it might go the way of NY or Cali
Florida will be under water in 100 years. Tho trump denies climate change will kill his home 🤣🤣🤣
Seems we all forgot about how much money we printed.
"Race to the bottom when it comes to taxes and regulations?" You mean states doing their best to offer taxpayers the best bang for their bucks in terms of government? Yeah, sure, we wouldn't want that!
The Netherlands is a unitary state not a federation. Belgium is a federation though.
This episode was brought to you by the letter "B".  B is for Bubble.  As in economic bubble.
5:05 why are you saying that Florida has a high source of income in Mining and then show this graph saying the opposit?
A "race to the bottom" ensures growth in inequality. When capital allocators use a state resources without giving back to the state, the people without capital loses economic power. State government should protect people with regulations and appropriate taxation. Florida should see what happened to California as a cautionary tale. The Bay Area is the wealthiest region in the nation, San Francisco has the highest GDP per capita in the country. It's a gorgeous city and a desirable place to live (despite national headlines, it's still the safest city of its size in the country including all TX and FL cities) but no school teacher, police officer, bus driver, mailman and other mid-level worker can afford the city so it's a dead city. Capital allocators try to maximize their revenue and profit, and government should try to maximize the welfare of the people. It's a long term benefit to capital allocators to fund adequately their communities in order to keep a thriving base of workers but they seldom do that because that's not their "job". The ruling establishing duty to shareholders for companies, should have also enforced a duty of government to protect the people from its excess.
(7:48) Is it because the price of housing and rents are going to go up to due to demand?
as a Florida man, your welcome america
Walt Disney power!! 😆 SuperWalt!
the U.S. economy will be in a recession in 2024 and china will rebound 😂
Productive people don't want to live in democrat-ruined cities. This video grossly avoided mentioning this.
I think if US continues let the politicians playing current political games, Taxes and California will eventually leave the Union partition away becomes it own nation.
Unfortunately many states have elected people who are terrible and don’t know how the economy works.
Why are we trying to make Florida Man even more overpowered? He is already unstoppable.
As a person who lives in one of the US states that isn't the big ones. I would love to see videos on all the US states. *Cough cough* Indiana *cough cough* :)
Lol, China had a 5.2% GDP growth with a negative inflation... But yeah... USA USA USA🥴🤣🤣🤣
The increase in the cost of living for Florida has less to do with the influx of people moving to our state and more to do with Joe Biden's inflationary policy
You seem to treat the Pareto Principle as a problem to be solved. I'd posit that it's a natural law that always rears it's ugly head, no matter what policies are put in place to reduce it
"On a per capita basis, farming is far more productive than anywhere else in the world" This is a bizarre way to measure farming output and from the list you provided, false. Brazil has a much higher agricultural output per capita. Output per agricultural land area would be a lot more reasonable way to measure land productivity.
Growing due to retiring baby boomers moving there.  Shrinking due to anti immigration, anti science, anti LGBT, high inflation high insurance.  Growth is not sustainable.
The most geographically homoerotic thumbnail👍
Unfortunately, as an intersex person who had the gender marker on their ID fixed to match that, I'm pretty sure it would be illegal for me to step foot in Florida. Well, they'd probably try to arrest me for it. I'd rather not have to bother trying.
Hot take Florida is Latin Dubai. Yes technically Florida, Arizona, California,  New Mexico and to lesser degree Colorado and Louisiana are latin states.
grammerly suscks now you have to sign in with an account now and most of the edits are just ads for their premuim plan
PLEASE STOP INFLECTING THE END OF EVERY SENTENCE LIKE ITS A QUESTION!!!!!! otherwise great video mate.
China economy is going down the drown.
Florida cannibalizing other States is not a sign of growth. It’s just another example of vulture capitalism taking advantage of a desperate State.
People are moving out of NY/CA and into TX/FL because of the politics and overbearing state/local governments
Sure it has nothing to do with Covid restrictions
If you take away the weather component, Florida loses most of its appeal. Tourism is based on the weather predominantly and most industries aren’t self sustaining without the influx of new people moving there for the warm weather. Hopefully climate change is fake like right wing people claim because if it changes Florida is doomed
You're forgetting how many people moved because Fla didn't close during Covid
packed with Florida man
City Nerd, Ray Delahanty, recently covered least affordable cities based on housing and transportation costs versus median and mean incomes. IIRC Miami and it's suburbs scored the worst in the country. Florida is doing well, as long as you're already wealthy before you move there.
Also north america is one of the few places in the world that is completely self sufficient
I think the fact other america cities are affected by the fentanyl epidemic situation florida is shining right now
Florida new york texas California are the us backbone also Ron desantis and other Republicans are doing the right thing.
Manufactured negatives  How do you compete against wealthy states ? You lower the tax burden so you atract more talent.  One of the big problems wealthy states have is that they end up being more expensive. That’s fine when you provide something of worth for those higher taxes but if you end up providing services nobody ever asked for while demanding a high tax rate you get talent flight.  The concept of good enough is crucial here
Florida is America's ball-sack...
everytime he mentioned CARLIFONIA - I SAID "SHOCKER"
Aw you had to work a retail job whilst studying? I feel so bad for you mate, what a unique experience here in Australia. Hope you can treat that PTSD long term lol don't work too hard x
Refund your degree, you are spewing nonsense
Boomers retiring to no tax state and sunny weather.
Florida didn’t shut its economy down.  What a shock that its growing.
The most important thing I have learned from watching this channel year in and year out is, that the stock image business is the one to be in. 😄
Hi your channel is really good but Can you use different subtitles - they’re a jumbled mess
Florida is about to find out what happens when too many people move there without adequate housing. That coupled with extremely high home insurance rates...
Boise Idaho shown for half a second by Econ explained, my life is complete 😊
Dont disregard politics. Politics is why this is happening. This isnt the fault of florida, its the fault of california for going so far left theyve gone off the deep end.
While you mention almost nothing about politics, it's easy to see that the 10 fastest growing states are all similar and the 10 fastest decreasing states are also all similar to eachother.
The unspoken fact... there is a migration of of Florida of middle class workers...Work a middle class wages .. you will not survive in FL.
Useless video
"A majority of states aren't growing as fast as the USA itself." Isn't that like saying "a majority of students are below average"? Well...yeah.
I have lived in Florida my whole life. I talk to people who move there. Up until the 1990s people retired there for the warm weather and ironically cheap real estate. Now days the majority of people are moving from Illinois, New York and California and tell me the main reason is politics. Their home state is so badly managed. High taxes, crime, affirmative action racism against whites etc. weather being a small factor. It’s more about what Florida isn’t doing. Politically they aren’t much different from 1950s Florida. A modern version of it. States like California have radically changed since the 80. Like Florida had a huge Covid boom because people’s businesses were shut down in California and New York Seattle etc for Covid. They literally went bankrupt because of bad political policies so moved to Florida. You don’t have the massive anti white racism Florida is business friendly there’s no income tax. You’re mostly free to do what you want other than restrictive building codes. It’s America back when America was great. You live in Chicago they run your business into bankruptcy tax you to death and if someone breaks into your house if you fight back they arrest you not the criminal. There’s also a lot of Americans moving to Mexico, the phillipines etc to get away from this nonsense.
Is this trend happing in other federated countries? You’re an Australian, how is tropical Queensland? The Florida of Australia… or is it the Texas of Australia.  More to the point, how is this trend effecting Regional and Remote Areas compared to Metro Areas?
As an American myself it’s becoming increasingly easy to see a pattern surrounding our internal migrations.   The highly skilled workers, both blue and white collar, are moving in droves to states that we as Americans consider to be more “conservative”.  Places like Florida, Texas, Georgia, North Carolina, etc.  The reasons why are likely very complex and highly variable but the fact remains; states that place an emphasis on lower taxes, personal Constitutional freedoms, less government control/regulation, and maintaining the cultural “status quo” are heavily out performing their neighbors.   That leaves behind large numbers of less “valuable” (I hate that word choice but it’s all I can come up with) workers/citizens in the more “liberal” states like California, New York, etc. This seems to show that at least for the time being, the majority of highly productive Americans still resonate with more “traditional” values and still vote/move with their wallets.   Right or wrong, for better or worse, that’s what happening. Only time will tell how well these highly competitive states will age as they move into the future.
The reason why Florida has more international banks than New York City is because Miami is essentially the Manhattan of Latin America.
I’m trying to find the part where competition for less regulation and lower taxes is a bad thing.
Don't blame Florida (or Texas) for the exodus of residents from California and New York. The problem with migration from California and New York to Florida is not Florida, it's California and New York. Florida is not actively poaching California and New York residents; California and New York residents are fleeing the ludicrous policies and lack of proper services of those two states as much as they are fleeing the insane costs of living and taxes. Cost of living differences will equalize as wealthier residents relocate, but the poor governance won't; if anything, California and New York will shift even farther blue as the more sensible voters leave. And yes, I live in California, but only because I can't leave. For now.
You used the flag of NYC instead of New York State
This channel is SO GOOD. Easily beats any national/cable channel covering economic issues. Thank you.
Almost like no income tax helps
I think that you may have seriously overestimated the stability for Florida. When there are insurance companies that are beginning to refuse to issue policies in Florida because they are concerned about the increasing frequency and severity of severe weather incidents (combined with loose regulations that make insurance fraud harder to fight), it seems like you should be taking at least another point or two off. That could just be a famously risk adverse industry overreacting or it could be a canary in the coal mine. Either way, when the insurance industry says that something is too risky, there will be a lot of other industries that listen to them.
well it incentivices good policies. That's nice. lower taxes is just better for everyone. And besides taxing a company is weird. it's not like those moneys wont be taxed again when salary is beeing paid to the workers.
In essence, Florida prioritizes economic growth and embraces a free market approach, whereas California emphasizes immigration from southern regions.
This is Basically Florida focuses on economy and free market while California only focuses on importing ppl from the south
🤣
You call it a potential problem, I call it a feature. If taxes and spending were a net positive to companies and people they wouldnt be fleeing to low income tax states, and high tax states wouldnt be trying to get kick backs in SALT from the Federal government to subsidize their policies. The Labratory of Democracy shall continue. :D
Hey EE. Recently in my country there has been some talk about decentralisation in my country, with proponents arguing that the country has become too centralised and that a (somewhat) decentralised country has a host of economic benefits. I'm not sure if this is a genuine strategy, or if it's an agenda being pushed by wealthier people looking to take advantage of potential loopholes or more lax governance in certain regions. I would love to see a video on this topic at some point.
Brain drain sounds similar to CA. Over 30, lived in so cal all my life. Noticed a lot of people moving here in the early 2010s when I was becoming an adult. Use to be affordable but now its hard to keep up. Having talked with people who moved to CA from work and college, most of them came from rural states like Wisconsin, Missouri, etc., and they say they moved to CA because there was no economic opportunity from where they are from. Now the migration for Florida and Texas is people are fleeing for a cheaper living and for CA, it was too successful and accommodating and too many people moved to CA in the early 2010s.
I love the “but at what cost” in the thumbnail.  Assuming it’s a nod to how the US media covers “good” news coming out of China.
the U.S. is not growing faster than China. What planet are you living on?
I believe Florida's growth rate will be hindered by the fast increasing cost of living (insurance, real-state cost in most desirable areas, property taxes, etc) and the limited job offers. If the state government can effectively attract investment in a multitude of industries (not only mostly banking and tourism) and control the cost of living factors, it might keep riding the wave longer. Climate Change is already a problem in several premium locations in FL. Miami and Ft Lauderdale neighborhoods, for example, constantly flood during Summer rains.
You forgot that it’s Florida which means it gets a one out of ten .
I wonder why only Florida can lower their tax, maybe the blue states can stop spending TAX money on the woke policies so they lower their tax? This video is so tunnel-visioned.
The conflict of business and government in FL you mentioned was private business  trying to manipulate the government in something they should  have stayed out of and really  had no business meddling in. As a result, their woke stupidity  is going to cost their sharehollders potentially billions.
It's weird but I love my state.
Ave to Florida. Best state in the Union. Accept no substitutes.  In a more serious manner, since there is a finite amount of money a goverment can tax out of its people then why would Florida not take the competitive advantage to further better and diversify its economy. With Florida also having a at or near replacement birthrate ontop of having large productive intra-American immigration and lessening the states youth emigration that we had since the 70s.   Plus Miami was already a financial center for Latin American companies and has expanded to include more Anglosphere buisness.   The real question is for Florida if California, New York and other states want to make themselves further more competitively disadvantageous to do buisness in why not benefit from others poor economic decisions?
Lol ok. Chart goes up mean more gooder doublenice. Food costing four times as much and no one being able to afford houses means the economy is growing.
HOORAH, FLORIDA MEN UNITE!
Florida statewide massively upgraded internet infrastructure 15 years ago.  You can setup shop just about anywhere and pay a modest amount for a 500MB or 1GB connection.
i think its not a problem.
Here's hoping Californians and New Yorkers stay in their respective states so native Floridians don't get left behind
In the United States, states competing with each other for economic growth is a feature, not a bug. A sad side effect is that regions that lose this competition (Detroit, Appalachia) get left behind as you get a vast are where all the most productive citizens are gone leaving just the socioeconomic problems and no resources to fix them. A lot of our ugliest political fights stem from this issue. However, mobility is an essential ingredient of our success and no one would dream of curtailing it.  As for the other side of this coin, there is a self correcting aspect to this. When I was growing up in California the complaint was that it was too crowded and that we needed to find legal ways to discourage migration. (Banning internal migration is a violation of our constitution.) it eventually works. Today, the joke in Texas is that they really need a border wall to keep out the Californians more than the Mexicans. Florida has been saying stuff like this for decades about New Yorkers.
Zeihan > Dalio
Sure. Florida might be a winner now. In the long term, it's not with climate change and raising sea levels. Good luck trying to sell real estate when the waters come
Well  soon Florida will be California since Californians vote democrat no matter what
You forgot to mention that Florida is sinking due to all of the people moving here.
Florida will be mostly underwater by 2100.
Florida was great until the 3Rs took over government ; Rubio Ron and Rick had brought inflation and violence to Floridians . 😢😢😢
FL would grow much more with better land use and policy
A sarcastic "my PTSD" comment. Seems like you're trying to be relatable but at the expense of downplaying/belittling a diagnosed illness.  I'd like to keep watching this channel but these distractions seem to be popping up too often lately.
how does the US have a 9.4 on the leaderboard when none of their individual states are 9+ and there are a lot of bad economic states that haven't been included?
The Netherlands is not a federation.
Stop moving to Florida, people!
If California were governed like Florida or Texas it'd be booming like we haven't seen since the gold rush
florida ayyyyy
I've been wondering how long this Floridian growth will persist in the face of a correction to their property insurance markets.
Didn’t California pass a tax on leaving with money?
Wow
09:50 Is EE aware that the US taxes citizens who live and work in other countries. Even the US is worried about capital flight and brain drain
The USA does have a capital flight tax
How is the Netherlands a Federation? It's a parlementaire monarchy.
Why do all of this person sentences end in ellipses?
so no state taxes, but they charge high taxes on purchases and other things to make up for it, so is it really cheaper?
wait you're saying california is above texas and florida? I knew this video was going to be dumb when i heard that accent.
America's wang!?
Crazy idea:  Cailfornia and New York should just change the way they do business
I'm from latin merica i just left my time here and I've learned nothing but just a sh#%# from this video.
Those damned red states, stealing people away from commiefornia and New York Commune
EE: “Florida is a strange place.”  Me (the lifelong resident): “Yeah, so, what’s your point?”
First time in decades we're growing faster than China - Thank you Joe Biden 🎉
"y'all are welcome, America"   - Florida Man
The biggest downsides to Florida are the hurricanes and the politics.
the flag at @1:00, @1:29, @7:29, and @13:04  is for New York City, not New York state.
I personally never assumed China would outgrow the USA.  4.5x the population and stealing intellectual property only gets you so far.   India has the most potential, but they'll have to get off the fence and join the developed world.
Jeff Bezos recently moved from Seattle to Miami. This PRIOR to his planned sale of some of his Amazon stock. It’s estimated that moving saved him $600 million in state taxes. High taxation in democrat controlled states is a significant cause of companies and people relocating to republican controlled states such as Florida, Texas and Tennessee.
So I don't see how mere migration and capital movement wouldn't be zero-sum over the whole economy.  Florida is pulling the rest of the states up.  For example, even here in deep blue california the state is aggressively limiting housing regulation.
Because they get a top
Florida growth is driven by FRAUD. Every type of fraud. Maybe also a bit of drug trafficking.  Florida attracts old people. New York and California attract young people and repel older people. No big secret here. Just look at the wages in FL versus the other states.
FLORIDA MENTIONED!!!!!🗣️🗣️🗣️🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅
I’m not sure if I trust When non-Americans make videos about America 😅
FLORIDA FOREVER 💪🐊
Florida gang🌴
You can’t even imagine what happening in Russia. All educated, rich, famous people in Russia move to Moscow. Country have actually living in one city. That’s so horrible. For me it is very tragic.
California, Illinois, and New York can lower taxes and reduce regulation if they don’t want to lose people
I’d like to know what Idaho is up to. It’s bright blue on the map also.
is there a catch to a state not having income tax? Like great youre saving on that but.... what do they miss out on as a result of that?
China has already overtaken the US in GDP PPP terms.
Florida man: see i do good things!
Weather, its repeatedly mentioned as a plus, .. except for the yearly hurricanes that do things like wipeout towns.  I know that it doesn't happen to every town nor even every hurricane season.  But, the affect it has on homeowner's insure is staggering.  I've two relatives that retired to FL, had their homes paid for and left because their homeowner's doubled or tripped..  Most of the major insurers have ceased writing homeowner's insurance in the entire state.  And, though in the future, (perhaps nearer than people think), global warming is going to out large portions of developed coastline either under water or it will take $BILLONS$ to mitigate the affects.
As someone moving from Washington to Florida (we built a new house, so we're not contributing to housing prices) even states that are shrinking experience the same issues. But really, even with high insurance our taxes and costs will drop dramatically. Probably helps we're moving to a medium sized town, not a downtown area thats always going to be ludicrously expensive.
Investing $1.7 trillion into your economy every year from borrowing to see growth does not tell the whole story.  Take the defecit spending away and we will really see the state of the US economy.
Free markets expand. Derranged socialist dumpster fire cities contract.
I can't watch the whole video when the central argument revolves around Florida needing to act as a cartel with other states, reducing their competitiveness in order to make less efficient state governments don't look too bad. It is simply unbearable to hear an economist follow this line of reasoning.
This is the reason why I live in a state that is growing, but doing so, in a slow manner. It keeps housing and cost of living fairly low, but opportunities still do exist. Bonus points if you can show me which state.
The reason why people are leaving california for florida is because california is insane, stop blaming florida, its just that californias policy is full blown retarded
Sorry, but Florida? HAHAHAHAHA Growing what, the altitude at sea level?
Spine or Spain. :D
Very good review thanks!
I live in Florida (Southwest Florida) and life is pretty expensive here. The housing is especially expensive. Surprisingly though, a lot of people are moving to this area. In the town i live in (Naples), things have changed so rapidly in the past 5-6 years. There's businesses everywhere now, clinics and hospitals being built (we're known for being the geriatric hub of southwest Florida). Just about 2-3 yrs ago Amazon built a large delivery center for their trucks. A lot of people are moving to Florida and I've been seeing an uptick in people coming from the northern states especially during the winter months. If things continue, this place will be completely unrecognizable to what it is now in about a decade.
Who knew the economy is powered by rehabs, amusement parks, and retirement communities!
Clickbait. Quick search states IMF has China at 4.2% Real GDP growth and the USA at a measly 1.5% The GDP growth in Florida is not real growth but redistributed one siphoning investment from people moving away from woke states like NY and CA. This video is incredibly dumb and misleading.
People have been moving to Florida and Texas from NY, Chicago, and LA because of economic health and physical safety. Namely, taxes are increased but laws are not being enforced. Theft is tolerated and criminals are set free often on the same day they commit a crime. Several of my friends in Washington DC have had their cars stolen in the last two years while seeing broken car windows on the street is common place. My friend was just telling me about walking her dog and seeing a man loading a gun on the sidewalk. Police are told not to enforce minor crimes. Why would you live in a city like that while Florida and Texas enforce the law and keep their citizens safe. This is 90% of the reason that businesses and legal US citizens are moving to these respectable states.
In the past tropical climate was a limiting factor to economic growth, as it lowers human productivity, advances deseases, goes along with poor soild quality.  However, all these disadvantages have disappeared.
FLORIDA GOT INVADED BY NYC WORKERS OF TECH AND THE LOCALS ARE BROKE AND NO JOBS FOR THEM AS YANKESS BUSINEESES BROUTHT THEIR OWN WORKDERS NOT THE LOCALS ! SO LOCAL OF THESE STATES RUINS THE LOCALS AND MAKES LIFE MISERABLE !
You overlooked that all of China's economic growth was done by stealing jobs from America. China's economic growth was far more parasitic since at least Florida has a comparative advantage other than slavery
Well said about Florida, growing at the expense of the USA!
Florida is over priced  Over crowded  It’s going tip
Aussie accent?
Other USA states can learn from Florida and vote Conservative Party. I haven't been in Florida, but I've been in California and New York and they are going backwards in every dimension. Florida has the most capable Governor.  This guy presenting is more leftie than center and you can hear that towards the end of the video, he has even admitted that in another video.  Politics and economics are indistinguishable, therefore you get the economy you vote for.  Greetings from Europe.
Maybe if those other states let people build enough housing they wouldn't be dealing with this.
BIG BIG BUILDINGS IS ARE DENSE , SO FLORIDA IS SINKING DUE TO DENSITY BEING BUILT BY DESANTIS AND DUE TO BIG BUILDINGS THEY ARE SINKING THE WATER IS NOT RISING THEY ARE SINKING AS IS NEW YORK CITY, DUE DENSITY THEY ARE SINKING , THE WATES IF NOT RISING !
It'll probably be under water in 50 years
Florida is booming because it’s a competently managed state run by pro-business Republicans. New York, California, & Illinois are dying because they’re poorly run by anti-business Democrats.
china will surely leave the US in the dust with its gdp growth, when it chooses to liberalise and dissolves the CCP
It's interesting how the bulk of this video is throwing shade on economic liberalism and competition (which is at the heart of the US's success) just to dunk on Florida. it's not that there's no criticism to be had there, but it comes across as weirdly shallow, especially since a counterpoint isn't really offered.
I was born in Florida. Most people who already live here have not benefited financially from all this growth. The growth as you point out has come from higher income people moving here. Those of us who already live here are getting poorer because the cost of living and especially housing prices are completely detached from wages growth.
If Florida public services were terrible, you might have a point. However, FL is ranked first in education by US News & World Report & has better roads than NY or CA in my experience. Thus, FL is doing more with lower taxes. That’s the kind of efficiency you’d expect if competition is working. That’s a race to the top, not toward the bottom. NY and CA are inefficient and not business-friendly and are thus paying the price.
Let us see how FL looks in ten to fifteen years. If you have to ask why, then it is a waste of time explaining it to you.
US: We have Florida man
Tampa FL really holding it down.
Most of my family and myself included are born and raised Floridians and honestly I hate how freaking congested it feels now with everyone moving here. I wish they'd fucked off. :/
This is inevitable.  States like NY and CA became super rich by attracting businesses through a combination of nature and regulations.  Michigan, Illinois and the rust belt was dominant before then. Now that they are fat and happy and over regulated, hungrier states are stepping up.  This will keep happening.
9:39 People should be able to move and take their money to a place that gives them a more favorable environment. That’s freedom.
Stop with the coin sound effect. That things is so annoying when listening to this.
Who cares for regulations? You cant have prosperity by hamstringing opportunity. Peace requires deregulations and no bureaucracy
It is likely the US has outgrown China anyway. Chinese stats have been proven unreliable. They are way overstated.
12:10 Where the heck is that???
Spend $6.7 trillion to make $5 trillion
Florida Man takes on China and wins. Reality really is stranger than fiction.
Maybe California should try to suck less hard.
Florida is a waste land
A race to the bottom in taxes and regulations is just what the world needs right now, specially after the insane power grabs of 2007 and 2019.
grammarly is unhelpful. then, again, i learned how to write, when that was a thing.
the netherlands is not a federation
Yeah good point at the end, Im from Cali and people are always like 'HAHAHA people dont want to live there anymore,' and Im just hoping cost of living and traffic will die down some
"My kind of town Chicago is."
It’s crazy that the states feeling this capital loss and brain drain, instead of fixing the issues that causes people to flee, double down and make it even harder to survive. You don’t see California talking about lowering taxes and creating incentives to move there. You just hear them talking about adding more housing regulations, increasing the taxes on gas, trying to outlaw certain vehicles, and increasing income tax. None of that will help them. New York is the same way too. They’ve created policies that severely lower the supply of housing which jacks up rent which means less people can live there which means all but the wealthiest leave and then the wealthiest realize they can have better weather and save more money elsewhere.
Republicans can't do anything good so what they are doing must be bad. There isn't a video on how the condensing of tech companies in Silicon Valley was a bad thing but once it happens in a red state, then it's suboptimal. Gotcha.
florida is a red herring for american retirees, and sun. no serious engineering or science happens there.
Florida Man succeeds, despite odds. Better medical system, better incentives.
A feel good story using pseudo economic data.
You know what'd be fun, do a state analysis on Bavaria.
I guess you have not been paying to close attention to current news in Florida. There are major things happening in Florida's real-estate sector which may chase a lot of people out of Florida. Condos that are asking people to come up with tens of thousands of dollars in special assessments and home insurance costs going out of control if they can even find a insurance company that is even willing to insure them at all. And that is if you can actuall find a place where you can actually afford to live.
The Bene Gesserit's plans are coming to fruition.
you should really start using purchasing power parity when comparing gdp numbers because Floridians purchasing power is melting away
I think you missed the recent disastrous increases in flood and hurricane insurance. Homeowners are freaking out.
With remote work being mainstream now, you'd expect more people to move to the poorer states/countries to save on expenses rather than moving to the richer states. They're also redistributing their money from the richer to the poorer states
“Florida has gained as many new residents as New York has lost” as a Florida man this makes perfect sense, they all came here, New Yorkers are everywhere
Also remember the USA is playing dirty, they are blocking China by using sanctions. I do thing that without these sanctions we would probably still see that China would be outgrowing USA.
people not fron florida really dont get the disney thing   walt disney got the right to make a privately built town when he planned to make epcot a model city   after he died the project was cancelled yet disney the company retained the district rights 😊  because the company was poltically strong it never got called out for this until it stepped on the wrong toes
THIS COUNTRY IS POWERED BY MEDICARE FRAUD
Sure you don't have an income tax, but what are their property taxes? their sales taxes? they have to make up that money somehow.  also gotta love a state that spends billions to fight the effects of global warming and sea water rising. but forbids you to talk about global warming and sea levels rising.
That shot at 0:41. The reminder is California is fifth largest economy in the world. Make some wonder how other economies stack up against United States states.
I guess you haven't seen california, ny etc.. are dying! What your eyes see and what the gov of the US says are two different things.
USA Outgrows China....Because of Illegal Immigration? Nice topic for an Economics thesis. Thank you.
You assume China is actually growing...
I will say it's pretty sad to see states get such high migration as not only will it cause political problems, it'll continue to destroy our cost of living
The first plot contradicts your first claim
China WILL win if nothing is done
People blame Republicans for the rising costs of Florida when New York and California are experiencing the same thing. Maybe, there's a different cause?
This is happening in Utah as well. Money from richer States is coming in, but wages for residents aren't allowing us to keep up with rising price of...everything.
If the problem is that people are moving to Florida for it's 0% income tax, why not just compete by also charging no income tax and scaling down the bureaucracy to what the sales tax can support?
if people are leaving other states to grow in Florida maybe the other states should try being less lame
As a Floridian i can tell you another reason why. Security. We don't allow for people to mess around. We have a heavily armed state where we can legally sh@@t people for doing things that a few other states wouldn't allow. Theft is punished severely, robbing a store can get you a gravestone, our police are well funded, and companies are allowed to defend their property such as allowing things like calling police to arrest thieves and sh@@t people for threatening their business. I remember a company from California told its workers to not call police on people because of some law that would get the company sued for doing so. That company was stolen from each and every day in Florida until their policy changed which the thieves never did it again.
⭐
Veracruz (which is also the first port in the entire continent) is ~43 years older than San Agustín. It IS the oldest european city in the U.S. though.
Chinas GDP numbers are unreliable. They often lie to make their numbers look better than they actually are.
If it is increasing its economy at the cost of other states economy how has it allowed it to start growing faster than china?
Well within 100 years this will reverse..  more like 70 years now (2100 isn't as far away anymore)  Unless you don't believe in science and float away because of gravity and the flood water just doesn't exist for you.  SCIENCE!
What country is this ?
Yes, governments should best serve the people they represent. But when people are, en masse, leaving certain states and migrating to other certain states, that's a MARKET signal that the former are failing to do that and the latter are doing a better job. As we know, market competition serves to figure what goods and services better serve consumers and which do not and forces those that do not to change in ways that better serve consumers. Or go out of business and make room form Rhode who can and will. Migration is simply the expression of market competition in the market for the service of government. And governments HATE that because they HATE competition, especially where ideologies and demagogues are concerned that think they should impose agendas rather than provide a service that serves the actual interests and desires of the people. And the alternative is what? Deprive people of freedom of mobility so that governments can impose agendas without having together servers the interests and wants of the people? Heck, CA is so desperate that they are wanting to continue to tax people that leave because they have run out of the state because CA (government) refuses to not only not serve those people that are leaving but to oppress then not online economically but also politically. Which goes to another point not covered here which is that many of the people going to FL area people that are "political refugees" escaping the politics of places like CA to the more desirable politics of FL.
Although not american myself the concept of each US state as a labratory of democracy i think also applies to economic policy
Welcome to Miami
Jorts.
Ohhhhhh you mean rhe republican ran states are doing good!?!?!? Hmmmmm. Couldnt imagine why 🙄
Florida best state in the nation
No talk about the exodus of agricultural workers?
The cost is that Florida Man rules the world... And that is a kind of cost we ought to take, ALL HAIL Florida Man!!!
The wrong flag was shown for New York state.
Everything said in this video is normal amd expected.
Austria 🇦🇹 next pls
Florida Man here. We love our state and our governor 🐊🏝🇺🇸
1:00 is the flag of New York City, not State
Your rating on stability and confidence is too high. The threats posed to Florida from rising sea levels would introduce uncertainty.
I wish you'd discussed global warming -- my wife and I are high earning knowledge workers, but we specifically did not want to move to cities like Miami and New Orleans because we expect long term (as in 20, 30 years from now) it may suffer serious consequences, given that much of the city is literally at sea level.
US growth doesnt mean much since firstly its engine is printing money, secondly US gov is going crazy in helicopter throwing money at chip manufacturing and other industries (green technologies like battery etc.). Eventually they'll have to default and the collapse is going to be really bad since no one can repay 30+ trillion dollars
Florida is a shithole
Unfortunately for your title if Florida is growing at the expense other states, then Florida can not explain why US grows as fast as China
I disagree that the movement of people is a problem because of Florida for having lower taxes. Perhaps the problem is that the other states have higher ones. Your premise is that the original states are normal in their tax level, when they may we'll be too high. Also, competition is always welcome, even between states. That's what keeps america in the lead
Your stupid to think that
Your stupid to think that
I would say the other declining states can only blame their failures on their own higher taxes. Taxes and government interference are just not good for economic growth or anything really.
Today's Florida isn't yesterday's Florida. Things change.
It’s wild that the United States has multiple states that are as wealthy as entire nations. Crazy
i love how this channel, that supposedly wants to explain economics, doesnt understand free market capitalism and after praising an economy for doing great bc of being free, dunks on it for being too free of an economy. commies, amirite, boys?
Florida having such massive growth is fantastic because it means all the worst people the rest of the country doesn’t want end up going there
It is all government spending. There is no US economy -- its all an asset bubble kept in place by money printing. Every year, US government borrows 10% of GDP, once they reach $3 trillion of borrowing. State, local and federal spending now form 42% of American GDP. They also have far, far worse demographics than Europe. Here is an US Congress presentation on their demographic disaster: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8yKgOzpi54
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤡🤡🤡🤡. Don't make me laugh!
What a perfect correlation; every a$$hole who leaves New York becoming Floridian explains a lot!
If money is all you were concerned about I feel sorry for you.
Also, minor point, but what about GDP per capita? One weird quirk of having a declining population (which China now does), is that even if GDP stays the same, your GDP per capita will increase. The US population grew by 0.5% in 2023, China's shrank by 0.02%. This is a relatively small change now, but China's decline is expected to speed up. (Japan's last year shrank by 0.53%, and it's not at the peak of its rate of decline either)
There is an upside to no state income taxes but that vanishes when considering hidden costs of moving to Florida. Homeowners insurance is ridiculously high and so are property taxes for people recently moving here. Auto insurance is also the most expensive in the nation. These are triple what other areas cost. Auto insurance is also the most expensive in the nation. Most hourly jobs are still low paying and now don't pay enough to survive. And the video left out that Florida is also the state with the most people leaving for less expensive areas. 25 years ago, Florida was a low cost of living state. Now its well above the US median and approaching NY and CA but wages have not kept up.
If companies cared about the long term instead of just quarterly profits they would notice much of florida has no future. much of it being 1ft above sea level and directly in the path of hurricanes.
May be this related to devaluation? We are not talking about real GDP here.
Strange take, that Florida is cannibalizing the US economy.  It seems more apparent that despite their advantages, New York and California are so badly governed that businesses and people are fleeing.  That's the US economy becoming more efficient.
What is forgotten is the cost of having no income tax. In this case a crumbling infrastructure which will definitively not be a problem with more demand for electricity more people living their and greater natural desasters...
They’re trying to make Florida into the new California but it won’t work quite the same way
Things to Disney for propping up Florida's economy.
Shocking! People leave shittily run democrat states like commifornia, NY, and hippy Oregon and choose republican run Florida and Texas instead? Wow so Shocking 😲
Stagnant within an almost continent size country, quite interesting
I recently moved to Florida from the Soviet Socialist Republic of New Jersey.  It was taxes and state power that DROVE ME from NJ and freedom that attracted me to Florida.
What's great about the US is that states, counties,and cities are always in competition with each other. Even within states. The equalizer is the federal government. The federal government takes from the rich states and transfers it to the poor states. On the east coast, the northern states have been the rich states and the southern states the opposite. The tide is turning and the south is becoming rich, while the north is getting poorer. And that is because the northern states have lost their minds when it comes to taxation and personal liberty.
US outgrows China and so is the National Debt that now grows by a cool Trillion USD every 100 days. 😉😆😅
The hard to swallow truth was FL ignoring COVID lockdown policy was also a huge reason for the continued growth. Old retirees died and businesses remained open, both contributing to growth.   "At what cost?" is an apt thumbnail all the same 🧐
Is it because all the rich boomers moved there upon retiring during Covid?
Thing is the jobs in Florida are not keeping pace with the COL. I work remote and a lot of others who live here do because those are the jobs that actually make it affordable to live here.
The fascist state of Florida is doing great.
is this actually growth or is it neolib bullshit with parasitic housing and col costs?
3:45 My hometown! I highly recommend a visit
As a Native Floridian born and raised here. While I did enjoy the video and it addresses a lot of positives in our state. Florida still has glaring problems it needs to address quickly. Housing and HOMEOWNER INSURANCE are big ones. Both of which are becoming cost prohibitive even in some of the exurbs now.
The "race to the bottom" often has the very positive effect of making it significantly more difficult for high tax and highly regulated states to maintain their bloated and inefficient bureaucracies.  When wealthy people (and their businesses) leave, eventually the revenue shortfalls (e.g. California's $68 billion deficit) force change that would otherwise never happen at the national level.
Wages have barely increased at all in the recent economic “boom” of Florida.
Wait. What did Florida due again? 😅
The video explained better how Florida's and similar economic systems work, but didn't give so much focus to how and why the United states are growing so Fast, is better you change the title or can cause problems in the future.
"saving me up to a million hours of reading a month"? Economics Explained? Hopefully not using numbers? :)
This guy is going to be Sora's biggest client for video clips.
The future of Florida is Global warming and sea level rise.
That is not the flag of New York State
Most states have a Labor Department to handle unpaid wages and labor law violation by employers to tell them to pay up without costly lawsuits.  Florida's Labor Department doesn't take wage claims and exists to advertise how little you have to pay employees in Florida compared to other states and pass the cost of labor law enforcement to the federal government.  Tells you all need to know that Florida economic growth often takes place by damaging other states rather than growing the whole.
Do South Carolina.... I mean, do all the States, but I'd prefer it if you started with South Carolina =)
No embedded ads!!! Thumbs down!!!!
There is a reason people are fleeing California, New York, and Illinois for Florida and Texas. The former three are far too restrictive on policy and heavy on taxes. Practicing business is like trying to navigate a minefield. Florida is simpler for businesses, and money is going to go much further than in the former three states.
There is nothing wrong with a race to the bottom to remove regulations, taxes, or incentives quite literally.  Each state should be intelligent and do that to benefit it's current and potential citizens instead of increasing regulation, increasing taxes, and increasing incentives.
As someone who moved to one of these low income tax states (Tennessee) from a high tax state (California) I was more motivated by poor governance in California than the tax differential. I suspect the immigration trend would reverse or at least slow down if California did a 180 on its social policies relating to crime, homelessness, and drug use. Also fixing it's over regulated construction industry and zoning laws would be a huge plus.
NAACP: florida is not safe for black people, please move away and avoid travel to florida  Everyone Else: looks like florida is the place to move to in order to avoid violent crime and derelict communities
Would be nice to do another African country that's experiencing brain drain, high taxes, high unemployment, high inflation, high corruption and trash passports as well as not being done with COVID as majority didn't get the vaccine and it's on China's and Europe's radar for loan default 😉
Can't say I agree with the idea that a "race to the bottom" on taxes and regulation is necessarily bad. There are real economic costs associated with taxes and regulations, and competition is a useful mechanism for ensuring they don't become too onerous.
I think the take away is: Go Woke Go Broke.
13:37 - there’s a surplus space before Wisconsin
The smart people open their eyes during the pandemic. DeSantis open the state did not care about Covid restrictions and allow Americans to be free. Do not come to Florida with the liberal values. It is a Republican state and this is why succeeds.
I would love to see videos like this but for other countries’ states/provinces! I think discussing the economies of like Canadian provinces would be interesting.
Florida is quickly becoming uninsurable. Homeowners insurance has tripled in the last few years
The so called "race to the bottom" is actually a great thing as it leads to much more dynamic and wide spread exonomic growth.  1st world countries widely have a problem with to much over regulation and limited returns for yet more infrastructure spending.  Especially as populations fall.
3:50 wrong, the oldest Spanish settlements in North America are located in Mexico. St. Augustine is just the oldest in the contiguous US.
Simple, it’s a Red State
Debt driven inflation growth is not real growth, you have to cut your debt spending = inflation or deflation from your real gdp growth rate, and it’s difficult not sustainable to keep spending money you loan and pay interest rates until your credit rating drops and interest rates rise once again. And then you can’t even pay interest on your debt 🏚️🏚️🏚️🏚️🏚️
Strange states that didn't do the crazy lockdowns are growing
Video is filled with half truths. Life long Florida resident. Do not move here the some of the highest housing, car insurance costs in the world. The real tax rate is much higher than stated. Mediocre schools. Low wages. If you are a multi Millionare or Jeff Bezos then yeah move to Florida. For regular people it is in the words of Trump "a shiithole"
With the north Atlantic temperature so high, expect a severe hurricane season. Fl might get hit hard this year. There is no wind sheer to break hurricane like 2023
The only two things I would say are missing here are an oblilgatory mention of the murderous dinosaur lizards that live in every puddle in Florida, but recently even on tiktok Ive seen prices and inflation ridiculously high for eating out.
How much of the US growth is based on reduced standards of living that most migrants have to deal with to make it here?
States like Florida get away with high growth by not planning for the future by investing in public goods.  It's the same mentality that silicone valley plan of 'Grow first, make money later'.   You will see a flattening of growth the second they try to tax people their fair share as the same thing happens to them that happened to other states with exoduses
Remember that the official GDO and growth numbers for communist China have all been lies the entire time.
Kind of a moot story as most of the state will be underwater in about 40 years.
The US is growing as a whole, but I don't like Florida so lets say it's a bad thing!
God let’s hope
Florida is booming, and its politics are the main cause of that, it just contrasts with the Virtual Signaling Political Correctness that is destorying Cali and NYC.   Florida embraces traditional American values from a bygone era, which is why its had issues when Woke companies wanted to push lefitst agendas, ie Disney/Blackstone which backfired on them. Flprida stands its ground to cancel culture and though it gets bad PR by the media, espeially as they love EXPOLITING our open records laws which is why you hear of crazy "Florida man" or to be honest crazy person visiting Florida getting arrested its the state most people want to visit when the communism experiments go south, again California going BACKWARDS.  It would be moving forward with Destantis that's for sure.  Flrodia is about though love not nanny love.  As for storms, Babcock ranch is a MODEL for sustainable storm-proof communities of tomorrow, which Walt Disney would be proud of.  We are building in ways only Californians could dream of and over all things aren't much more expensive then other states, but for poorer retiries they are feeling the pinch, but many didn't make sound financial choices in the first place, espcially in the condos.  Florida is the American dream for immigrants from India to Cuba, if you work hard you can make it here.
Please do a video on the mongolian economy  Mabey include ww2 and how they helped the Soviets (to anyone who doesn't know it was almost entirely humanitarian
This video was so empty of anything meaningful. It's not a bad thing that people are moving to Florida. It's incentivizing the states they came from to get rid of ridiculous regulations taxes bureaucracy. It's not a race to the bottom. The race to the bottom is California overregulating to be as woke as possible. It's people defending police and legalizing possession of hard drugs when over 100k a year are dying of overdoses/drug abuse. Now the politicians are paying the price for their failed policies. People have even floated moving Chicago's stock exchange to Texas because money managers are tired of risking getting mugged or killed as they go to work and just live their lives.
Ah Nice to see South Africa making a cameo again.
Odd ommission of North Carolina at 4:50
I'm quitting you because of your strange video clips.
The voters that voted for bad state policies will then bring them to Florida and repeat the process all over.
Hi Bob 👋! If you are in the audience ..
So glad you pointed out the vampiric nature of Florida's growth.   It's basically taking the people who were educated in other states, people who made their money in other states, and corporations that started in other places and are now dodging taxes once they've gotten your investments in other states. You really see this full-circle where I've lived in New Jersey, where people retire to Florida, and sell their NJ homes to their engineers and scientist replacements from South Asia.
China has already outgrown USA. This is fake news.
US GDP- $28 Trillion China GDP- $18 Trillion  But by PPP, China is at $35 Trillion
So basically, companies and workers are moving over to Florida because of the lower taxes - a necessary move as a result of the rapidly increasing cost of living following the COVID-affected economic fallout.
No, it did not. And you are spreding fake data...
For an economist your brain is falling you …at this point you need to have your head examined… you have not asked the question why are people leaving some states to move to Florida …if Florida is so great why not learn from them and reverse this trend…again you skip over the the root cause of the problem and just complain about the result…then you keep repeating the same garbage over and over I don’t get it …
An Aussie critiquing the bad ecosystem and topography of Florida is really saying something. 😂
Once you claimed to use grammarly and claimed to make your team use it ... I could not take you even remotely serious anymore
Florida is going to underwater by 2050 at the earliest.
Florida is doing OK but isn't a major business magnet for any reason other than its geographic location as a gateway to the rest of the Americas. It has little industry, very little tech and like all other Southeastern state mediocre to poor education which is a major problem attracting high tech business.  And that is before considering the current statewide MAGA infection. Except for TX which has alternate income sources from energy production no other productive state leans Republican Conservative because Conservativism generally is bad for business due to unwillingness to tax and spend in general and soend to create favorable business conditions specifically.
You fail to mention the REAL ESTATE CRASH!
Tibet is not the part of China so China is much smaller.
Wow, republican states are booming as the rats scurry away from the sinking ships that are the liberal states.  Who would have thought…
COME ON MAN   well florida  is run by SANE PEOPLE  not woke libtards  so theirs  that
Your graphic at 8:15 shows people moving from Washington State to Texas and Florida, theoretically because Texas and Florida have no state income tax.  Washington also has no state income tax so this would not support your reasoning being discussed at that part of the video.
I am sitting in my office at lunch time watching this when i come across my own office building in the stock image of Eola Park at 14:05. Tears dropping down my eyes as a proud #FloridaMan. Thank you for making this video
Florida has income tax and its high I pay it every year.
Building your economy on boomers who spent up their retirement money, is like beeing an rich oilstate with 10 more years to go.
"... it will just end up as a race to the bottom..."  That is quite the statement..... No "may", no "could", it certainly "will".
Something that wasn't touched on but as an engineer I find interesting, Florida has the first (edit: first good) high-speed inter-city train system in the US. Had someone told anyone that 20 years ago, you'd have been laughed out of town.
conspiracy theory of the day......  Florida imports older people and turns them into phosphates to feed the world.  Soylant phosphate production! 🤔🤔🧐🤓
New York and California need to consider changing to be more like Florida!! You obviously do NOT believe in capitalism and freedom of choice.
Smart americans leaving the comunist states of California and New York.
A Hurricane is coming to FL ..and it aint from the sea..lol ALL low income and some middle class are going to get sacked out of the state..FL its definitely a mirage
This isn’t the first time this happened in the US. Once upon a time Detroit was doing some heavy lifting for the US economy. It changes depending on a combination of factors.
Competition is a good thing. California and New York used to be a very attractive place for skilled professionals. Their reputation has gotten very bad since the pandemic - highly authoritative and simply too expensive.
Growth numbers of both countries need to be taken with a huge grain of salt.  The US government intentionally understates its inflation.  We little guys understand it too well.  Really growth accounting for the inflation is going to be vastly different.
I wish people would realize how much high taxes and bureaucracy stifle the economy and make things worse for everyone.
Florida + Texas + Tennessee = ~40% of US GDP growth
I notice you failed to mention a few factors besides the economic data, the extreme policies in some states/cities have been a major factor driving the migration of some people, when major retail companies shut down stores due to out of control theft/crime and concern over the safety of their staff, even though the official explaination is somewhat different, people take note.
I’ve seen first hand how Florida has boomed due to people fleeing poorly run cities. The result is higher prices everywhere, especially real estate.
Good video EE! Only thing I would push back on is Florida’s stability rating. As more people migrate to Florida there will be a larger and larger need for Federal funding to build the infrastructure to support the new population. This is will eventually become a major issue I believe, as the disparity between the states with high tax rates and lower tax rates grows, in regard to how many federal subsidies these states will require. Which is all to say that having no state income tax is a ‘race to the bottom’ as tax revenue will have to come from somewhere, and if you do implement a fair market tax rate for these states you end up in similar positions to Cali and NY.
It's worth noting that this competition for immigrants and trying to under cut other states is by no means a new issue in the USA. Infact it has been a debated issue since the very beginning of the country's history.
Cali has some of the schools in the world.  The govt of Cali is the problem they need to lover their taxes
I know illinois is kind of viewed as a has been state, but can we do a deep dive on it? It still tends to rate highly and Chicago is still a major hub for many things in America.
4th Gen Florida Native, 100% Creek Indian here. In my 54yrs above ground, I enjoyed your video on my state. My state because my family was here well before Columbus was discovered lost off the East Coast. Since 2019 the driving factors behind our mind blowing growth and disturbingly fast destruction of the environment is our Dictator Governor Lil Ronnie Desantas & his GOP F-Boys giving him anything he wants. Their entire motivation is Business OVER Tax Payers. HORRIBLE LEADERSHIP WILL TAKE DECADES TO RECOVER. IF IT CAN.
Just like Canada problem basically
1:02 Should have used the NYS flag instead of the NYC flag.
China laughing at tiktokers 😂
California is actively doing something against wokeness, which raises the attractiveness and ethics enormously. I would never stay in a woke state like California as I simply do not want to put my and my family's livelihood on the table just because some woke politician or woke DA decides to discriminate against white people even further or demonize us yet again for arbitrary reasons.
We’re clearly better than Texas
Florida an at sometime reef.
Um Florida has the highest sales tax and property taxes in the country. Also, retirees are less of an issue. And you didn’t mention snowbirds, foreign investment and homesteading taxes. As a floridian, I could go on and on. But this feels nearly useless as information...
As Floridas population grows it’s going to change how it votes and the new policies will kill its growth.
Was using New York city’s flag instead of the states intentional?
Can you also do Chinese provinces. I think it will be so interesting and something so different to see. Way more interesting that the states of the country with more information about it here
Ok. So I guess the effects controversial policies hasn't kicked in yet.
Think another factor that gives Florida a natural advantage versus other states is that its international airports are the closest route to South American countries. Lots of wealthy foreigners have a second home and businesses in Florida. Cheap insurance incase your own country has troubles. It’s another reason why many banks have established headquarters or branches in the state to service their clients no matter where their original home is.
I'm not worried at all about the brain drain and capital flight issues. Both California and New York have more than their fair share of both, and, in fact, would probably benefit from a relief valve. Both the Bay Area and NYC have minimal construction, despite their enormous housing cost. The result is that they are still the two most expensive to rent in areas in the US, and it is only thanks to people moving away that rents have started to somewhat stabilize.
I'm sorry NY and CA suck so people leave, but I'm missing the part where this is Florida's problem. You left that out of the video.
You should do some videos on some other states/provinces outside the US.  It would be awesome to learn about countries major players and nuances.
Im sorry, why are we not talking about idaho?
The Floridian Juggernaut
You failed to mention that a lot of Florida's growth can be attributed to the corruption in the governments of New York and California.  I know you aren't a politics channel but that is a very large component.
I’m from Florida and I speak for all Floridians:  F*ck off, we’re full!!
I once interviewed for a job in Florida.  I looked at the real estate and I begged the hiring manager to make the role permanently remote.  They wouldn't do it, so I moved on to looking for a different job.  I can't afford to live in most major cities and their suburbs in Florida.
People are leaving those states for a reason and it's not just money
Commercial real estate 🤦🏻‍♂️
LOLYour economy is crashing, you just too stupid to see it. Look at news channels outside your bubble.
Please stop moving to Florida, I can barely afford to live here as it is and I spawned in too late to capitalize on the real estate :(
The Florida Man is the most powerful man 💪🏻💪🏻
GOD BLESS FLORIDA, THE MOST AMERICAN STATE!!!!
the biggest downside is housing. There was not enough to begin with and still not enough to keep up. Also every new apartment building is geared at higher earners and not for the regular working person who are desperately looking for cheaper housing.
I think the move from Democratic states to Republican states is a positive development for my nation. I live in Illinois and am seriously considering leaving because of high RE and other taxes.
The US has the largest not third! Agricultural industry in the world! For the sole reason that it can produce food by itself! India and China imports food and agricultural products from other countries! Your assessment is erroneous!
If California didn't want all those people moving away, they shouldn't have blocked all that new housing.
*is this not all just common sense? I mean honestly did we need a video about this at all?*
Putting aside the FACT that China consistently lies about their “official” data, China’s collapsing demographic profile WILL NOT ALLOW it to grow. It will collapse, barring nothing else goes wrong. And well, if you’re paying attention to what’s happening in China right now, it appears as though the collapse has begun.
The downside is it’s getting to where normal people cannot afford to live here in Florida.
People vote with their feet and the Big Blue Cities in California, Illinois and New York "shot themselves in the foot" with their excessive far left policies.
It's because Florida rejected the Woke ideology. Go Woke, go broke.
That we had fewer COVAIDS lockdowns and no forcing the clot juice surely also had something to do with it. Per the "See D.C.," deaths per capita put us for a while in 18th place behind more restrictive states such as (at the time) Massachusetts, Michigan, and New Jersey.
Are we really saying Florida is bad because it has jobs.  Wow what a communist.
The taint of the South
We're now growing faster than China! Let's go!  🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
Crazy deficit spending.
Florida is the closest thing the US has to praying to the Dark Gods of Chaos for their favour.
"strong" while printing money is not strong
The home insurance is so high that it makes up for no state income tax.  There are few areas not affected at least a few risks when hurricanes hit.  Even away from the coast, high winds damage homes.
This mobility will eventually help residents of California and New York as it will force their politicians to face reality about their unpopular policies.
So anti Americans never want to admit when America is doing well
Please do Nepal next 🇳🇵
There’s already some issues about regional inequality between certain states like California and Florida trying to use their economic clout to change policy in other states iirc.
Anti-business/authoritarian states like CA and NY force people to leave.  EE: It's Florida's fault  XD
The red states carry the whole US
Floridian meth is a big market… don’t sleep on it…
All I see is people leaving liberal states to live under conservatives
Some states like California don’t feel the need at all to be competitive in any way. They made it clear they don’t want us or our money. Making living there harder everyday.
I would remove a point off stability because Florida is the ONE STATE where global warming will 100% affect growth within the next 20=30 years.  -Most other places need 50 to 100 years, but florida is so low geographically, that Miami (the financial sector) needs real risk mitigation NOW to prepare for the floods.
Florida is wonderful.
The benefits of getting better through competition are lost on this content creator. “Race to the bottom” is a bias statement. He is a socialist, how can he accurately explain economics?
Hey EE! Love the video! Just a request, could we get some videos about the economics on the states in the land down under? Id love to hear about them in a more expanded context than just a broad national overview!   No pressure ofc! Lots of love from the USA, aussie aussie aussie!
2:50 Being reprimanded for doing your job properly. That's corporate insanity 101
PLEASE STOP MOVING TO FLORIDA PLEASE.
When considering the early development of florida i feel like you guys missed out on the introduction of A/C
High-skilled migration is a detriment to the people of the land they inhabit. but is that really a problem? its not like anyone is in favor of raising taxes to better education for better skilled workers lol
And you do economics of Australia states🇦🇺
Considering the fact that China, "the worlds factory", has come to a screeching halt, and their economy is teetering on collapse...
I've heard it explained that thumbs back may be safer for beginners as when you get to the back swing, your arms can bend in the direction the bell is going. Like you said for singles with lighter weights (beginners) the less ideal lat engagement probably isn't an inssue
Your definiton of capital is flat out wrong, please correct! "Anything used, but not used up in production" is both correct and simpler than what you put there.
In b4 giant blue collar crime syndicate in FL revelation
Here's what you are missing. The huge tax & regulation burdens in California & New York make the businesses in Texas & Florida more productive than their previous locations. Overall adding productivinty to the U.S as a whole. The brilliance of our system is competition among states. If one state goes woke & socialist, my state of California for example, other states that go conservative & free market capitalist like Texas, Florida & Idaho they will reap the benefits. And the U.S as a whole is stronger economicly rather than just wallowing in stagnant California or moving the company completely out of the country like Mexico or Taiwan.
The notion that China will over take the USA in terms of economic activities gas always been a fairly tale in my perspective. This opinion is based on the level of economic freedom in the USA compared to China
The US outgrowing china is really more of a narrative on how bad things are in China rather than how brilliant things are here in the US.
Everyone knows those Chinese numbers are not real. They are probably about half what they report.
We got the cubans , the colombians , the haitians , dominicans , puerto ricans, the russians, ukrainianians and everything else too . Trust me they aint on it like us
Both land and labor are capital!
Eww, Florida 🤮  Sincerely, Duval resident 😂😂
I am from Orlando and can say the booming economy has lead to a COL that is so insane now that our main employers: Disney, Universal, hotels, restaurants, I-Drive, etc are all now perpetually understaffed because so many of their employees are moving away.  They are being replaced with Venezuelans and Haitian's who are more okay with the low wages/COL.  Even with all the apartments, condo's, townhomes, and single family homes that have been constructed and are under construction (and its a LOT, an endless sea of construction all the time), the rent has still managed to double in the last decade.
The politically motivated whining and innuendo that’s present in some of the leftist’s comments is astounding. Maybe take a hard look at yourselves, because from an  outsiders perspective, in terms of US economics at least, you are the problem. Places in Florida grow and will continue to grow as long they have a favourable sociopolitical and economic environment. And to those that say that only the rich can move and drive those economies… well if you consider the middle class as “the rich” then yes. To those that will reply with some “right wing sympathizer” allegations, to that I say, anyone is extreme right in your views and the leftist mania that has gripped the western countries tries to label even the moderates as a right wing fringe. If there is a single most powerful factor that has polarized our societies, it is the so called “progressives” leftist rhetoric that has arisen. What it really is motivated by is FOMO and envy. A fear by a whole group of educated younger Americans who are not flourishing and resentful because they earned an expensive piece of paper that’s not earning as much as the people who have quickly adapted to the new financial, technological and economic realities of the 21st century. The clever hustler has beat the intellectual and it hurts. There is a significant paralel to what happened in early days of last century. It’s sad to see that the so called progressive left is anything but progressive but seek revision of the society into a mode from the past century that’s failed time and time again.
You're Welcome.
As a Floridian, we love this state.
14:26 / 15:23
i was born in Florida and the cost of living has been skyrocketing recently. It really sucks.
Homer: "Florida? That's America's wang" Doctor: "They prefer the sunshine state"
Do Portugal please!! Thanks!!
How does GDP get an 8/10!? At what ranking would it be considered a 9/10?
Would be nice if you could do Denmark soon? The fact that Norway and Sweden are ranked but not Denmark is unsustainable  😂
All that real estate is gonna be worthless in a couple decades, that’s why nobody wants to insure Florida homes anymore. So within the next few years will probably be the best time to LEAVE Florida. It’s funny everybody moves there because of no state income tax but they don’t realize that the population increase increases costs of living and that Florida is gonna nickle and dime you in other ways to make up the tax revenue. You can’t run a state without taxes in the end.
such a fun retail example
Soon to remove property taxes!
Florida is full y'all please stop moving here.
Florida gets at the difficulty in drumming up climate urgency: In the end, humans are still tropical apes who only managed to invade temperate climates with fire and clothes; biologically, we can withstand heat much better than cold. Once you add air-conditioning to make summers indoor bearable, weather-related migration in places like the US overwhelmingly shows a preference for more warmth, not less. If, instead of global warming, the downstream risk of industrial technology was a new man-made ice age, I’d bet humans would with far more alacrity and common purpose.
The fastest growth in the state most vulnerable to rising sea levels. Very American.
This had a very filler video vibe. People are moving to Florida to avoid exorbitant taxes. I didnt need to watch a 15 min video to understand that.
Easy to see this was made by a non-American
Honestly you beat around the bush too much
China just doesn’t care to lie about their GDP anymore
0:22 *shoutout to new Hampshire and maryland for having no data* They get to join the same clucb as greenland.
Our florida politicians are doing just about everything they can to kill it too, just killed off a 1.2 billion dollar industry the other day
Just wait until Ron DeSatan bullies businesses out of Florida lol.
Got to love all that neo-slavery coming out of US for-profit prisons.
Do an episode on Costa Rica
Why are you using New York City's flag to represent the State of New York?
I feel like native Floridians are suffering the same as us natives Texans as more people move in. The difference is that here in Texas, we have space to build out affordable suburban single family homes for people to move to, while in Florida yall aint got that much real estate available. Higher income people, more jobs, and higher paying jobs are a good thing, but if your construction industry aint keeping up with the influx of people, you're gonna have a housing issue and high rents, which will force the lower middle class out.
This video is all backwards. The talent and capital is moving to Texas and Florida because California and New York messed up governance at a colossal level. This is a natural correction. People will only take so much grief.
Stock Market =/= Entire Economy
A guy talking with a bunch of stock footage
Lol in Florida.
Am I the only that have never seen the New York flag until now?
A race to the bottom in regulations and taxes is probably what most rich people want. It’s them that most easily can move states.
I have no desire whatsoever to move to Florida. That said, as someone who has to pay taxes to New York because I work in NYC a few days a year I completely understand why people move. The problem isn't just what I owe; the paperwork is so deliberately obtuse that I feel like I'm being scammed. The feeling's even stronger when I give them a call to try to get some help.
I think the primary driver of Florida's economic activity has been overlooked: the first annual Florida man games of 2024.
Seems like those other states should have made better choices 🤷‍♂️
People that have jobs and work that live in the north are trying to escape left-wing liberals,bail reform.. they just let criminals right out of jail. They don’t even spend one night… defund the police.. no explanation needed, so people are fleeing and rightfully so… but the liberals are doubling down. They think they can replace their loss population with asylum seekers that are not allowed to work and they have to be provided healthcare and shelter. Meanwhile, the mayor of New York wants to take retirees Medicare from them… so there’s more to it than this. the northern states are losing their best people to states like Florida and New York will soon be just like Chicago and Detroit but I don’t think liberals will admit they screwed up because they can’t. They are very arrogant and very morally superior than everybody else.
EE on their way to call the place that is rapidly eroding the rights of its workers, embezzle whatever funds they get and is on a straight pathway to get completely flooded because its leadership ignores any and all climate change prevention measures one of the most wealthy and stable places. And I did not mention their underground water reservoirs getting tainted by salt water but yes, 9/10 on stability.
As a Floridian that had to move out of Miami-Dade county for another job in 2023, that place is WAY TOO FULL.   If you’ve voted Democrat in the last two presidential elections, GO AWAY! Don’t force our hand.
DeSantis is the biggest reasons for Florida's growth
GDP per capita is highly skewed because of the retiree's. It's not a useful metric for this state
10:54 the netherlands is not a federation. You must have meant belgium.
In real terms usa economic out probably hasn't doubled over 10 years its only because its currently dollar became so strong its nominal gdp value are inflated exactly the oppoite is same for japan and china.
Please do Nj
Car and home insurances in Florida are triple of most other states, people drive like morons here, avg incomes are less than the national average, the cost of living is higher than the national avg and major roads are tolled. However despite all this a lot of people have moved here in the last five years. The weather is better than it is in TX too…  but it looks like the influx of people has reached its zenith for now. The housing market was overheating but is now slowing down, amongst other things. Tech and corporate jobs aren’t plentiful either.
Washington state has a larger GDP than both Georgia and Ohio according to the Bureau of Ecominc Analysis(BEA). Looks like EE used Wikipedia instead of more solid sources.
why are you acting like florida isnt the best place on planet earth
I enjoy your stuff! Thanks!!!!!!!
They laughed at us Floridians, but look how the turns have tabled. 🐊🤣💪🏿
I love listening to this Krugman apologist try to make the case that we in Florida are stealing the business rightfully due good progressives who pay their fair share of taxes. You can keep believing that all the way to your economic graves.
Florida Man is Unstoppable
That's Florida for you, benefiting some while damaging the whole. Somehow, I feel like this was not as nuanced or honest a take on the situation in Florida as it should have been. For instance, insurance is through the roof for a number of reasons, and while Florida doesn't have an income tax, the state has other ways of costing you money that isn't included in a formal tax, like regular high cost hurricanes that are on an increase and the dropping quality of educational received in public schools.
De santis bruh
I am a Florida resident and I also work from my computer. Any savings you get from the lack of state income tax is more than made up for in rents. It is not cheap to live here anymore and the traffic is a nightmare. It got so bad I decided to go the digital nomad route and I'm in Mexico now. The weather is nicer, the beaches are better, and the women are gorgeous
As a Florida Man myself I can speak on this, HOW DARE YOU EXPOSE OUR MAGIC!!!
All talk with no data
Trying to complain that Florida is in the wrong for having immigration from states like New York or California is dumb. Those states did that to themselves
Yes everybody move out of  NYC to Florida, the polices over here are terrible 🙂. Hopefully in NYC we could actually get lower rent more jobs and lower house prices because of it.
If all states want to grow copy Texas enough said
The article this video is based on is very confusing.   The article talks about x or y growth in USA in this or that QUARTER which just muddies the water.   In terms of annual GDP growth the article says that according to "economists at Barclays" Chinas GDP grew 4.5% in 2023. Chinas GDP data is notoriously problematic but at least they are using an independent assessment.   I can't find an annual GDP growth figure for the USA only QUARTERLY figures.   So according to the article we have - Chinas GDP growth in 2023 - 4.5%  AND                                                          USAs GDP growth in 2023 - ?   Unless I am mistaken and the annual US GDP growth is in there rather than just quarter this and quarter that this might be a classic example of a sensational headline not matching up with the content of an article and then this video being based on that headline.
Much of this success can be credited to Governor DeSantis' refusal to force his residents into 2+ years of house arrest like the cowardly Democrat/Demagogue governors.  Florida and Texas saved the U.S.A.
Florida man solos China
I have a good bit of family that recently left FL. Biggest economic issue I see is home ownership- property is increasingly expensive AND uninsurable. This is the kind of thing people don't find out about until they get there
Florida man is standing on business
Do Illinois, the people need to know about the issues!
How much of all this growth due to the huge deficit the USA runs every year?
You do realise that the US vs. China is measuring the US GDP as a whole, right, so looking at the fact that Florida is growing at the expense of other states is meaningless when comparing the two countries.  The US grew faster than China as a whole, regardless of what's happening in Florida.
I think the capital drain problem leaving poor states even poorer is not axiomatic.  It's probably a likely result since politicians are too stupid to fix it, but all you have to do is enforce a reasonable level of safety regardless of your level of poverty and you will attract the wealthy.  Many people only move to urban centers for opportunity.  Once they have their money and job, they will GLEEFULLY move to a rural area provided it has internet access and isn't a crime ridden heck hole.
Stupidity has it's rewards.  Kalifnutso has supreme skills in making people leave!
The US federal government already funds less productive states more than others. A lot of the things you're claiming could potentially be a problem with more successful or wealthy people wanting to live by each other or States/cities competing for businesses to locate there etc. Has been going on in the US for a long time as this point, this isnt new.
Floridians are just built different.
I like the examination of particular US states. Could you present a State or Province (or Shire 😉) that is not in the USA?
As much as I thought this channel was non-political, it'a fair to say that this channel is indeed Left-leaning. The rhetoric is clear as day.
Republicans rescue America as always! Vote GOP!
Y'ALL EVER TRIED GATOR MEAT???
Florida man yonking the panda
Florida has a Rep governor and state legislature including their supereme court.
It all comes down to state government.  No state in the US can match California in terms of geography.  California has everything -- beaches, mountains, forests, deserts, farmland, beautiful coastline, major national parks, etc.  Much of the state also has a wonderful climate, with lots of sun, and nice temperatures year-round.  But California also has a mismanaged state government that runs huge deficits despite charging high taxes, and that micromanages people and businesses to the detriment of freedom and economic flourishing.  Florida's government takes the opposite approach, and therefore attracts many more people.  States competing with each other is a feature of the American system, not a bug.  The federal government is already far exceeding the constitutional limits on its power and scope.  I would ideally like to see the US federal government scaled back significantly, with more decisions left to the states.  That way, policies are made by representatives who are closer to the people, and people have the option to leave states that enact bad policies.
Pleasant surprise seeing my city in the stock footage lol.
It really is an interesting loop. A state has interesting potential. State becomes really successful like California. Politics shift towards the left and with that anti business policies emerge. Those policies then put a burden on the businesess and by extension on the people. Give it a few years and the state become very undesirable to do business in. People leave and eventually the state loses relevance. All those people move to a new state that has potential and was fostering a business friendly environment and the loop starts again. Really wonder when we see wealth powerhouse state emerge that doesn't go down the progressive road. Maybe Florida is gonna be that state who knows.
US workers have basically always been some of the most mobile and most willing people to move around to where the work or opportunity is.. the US has always had "sorting" going on with certain areas or states getting more skilled people or investments than others. Remote work, I'm sure adds another wrinkle to this, but the idea that people moving to places like FL where the perceived opportunity is is suddenly particularly detrimental to the US overall seems a little far fetched.
WHITE BOY SUMMER
Honestly speaking, I don't get impressed when some poor country hits the headlines as being the fastest growing economy and such.   This is because, most of this so called growth is just paper growth with little to no real improvement in an average person's average income and standard of living.   Thanks to rapidly growing population, per capita income shows negligible growth.   Despite reporting high gdp growth, several of these poor countries don't have any improvement in basic amenities and infrastructure, don't have any major reforms Implemented, can't stop brain drain, sees worsening social order, sees increasing corruption, sees increasing income inequality, poor social security and don't have any plans for sustaining the high growth.   Average incomes of the people may increase, but the costs increase faster resulting in negligible improvement in purchasing power or savings. Increase in unexpected costs and weakening currency add further fuel to the fire.   There is no improvement in the quality and variety of products and services, education, healthcare and human capital development either. A lot of these countries are destined to get stuck in the middle income trap and face resource shortages and climate change effects as well. Some of them are doomed to face some economic crisis as well.   Hence, before getting overhyped about a poor country being the world's fastest growing economy, dig deeper and find out whether these underlying issues are getting solved or not. Mere GDP growth does not make a country developed. It involves solving the underlying problems mentioned above as well.   For an example, people who lived in the US in the 50s or the UAE in the 80s and 90s know what real growth and development is. This real development is not experienced by people who live in these so called fast growing economies.
Ai will have to be heavily used in the big states
Phophorpus is not just a naturally occuring chemical it is a member of the Periodic Table of Elements.   That distinction I feel is important.
What did Florida Man do again ffs....
Guess if you give your state freedom, you get economic grow and more people. Who would have funked it.
So uhm the Netherlands is not a federal state but a unitary one
I’ve heard the opposite.
Are you saying that Floridas conservative tax policies are the reason for its growth?
The Floridian I will also say is that one of the reasons that the state is so attractive to in migration is partially because there is already a very large vibrant Hispanic  community and a lot of the states as a working knowledge of Spanish which makes Florida a very attractive destination for Hispanics from Latin America even very skilled ones also I'm a UCF student and Florida universities to my understanding tend to be very attractive to foreign students because of the nice weather
Your "race to the bottom" analogy is flawed.  Competition between businesses is OK but competition between state governments leads to a race to the bottom?  Competition is the key to long-term success. Texas & Florida are merely exposing the flaws in California, Illinois, New York, and other liberal enclaves....
Who knew having a decent quality of life, a supportive government and great weather most of the year would make it attractive
3:30 "growing the economy at the expense of other states" Still pushing the zero sum fallacy? The video opens by stating the USA is growing *AS A WHOLE* , so Florida's growth does NOT come at the "expense" of the country. Yes there is migration and movement of people and companies, but the growth is NOT coming "at the expense" of other states.  Maybe Florida is growing faster than other states...but then those other states must examine what they are doing to drive away investment and population.
good job florida, and good economic "conservative" policies and decisions..... tale as old as time
Pedo-Disney.   State should support that??
If Florida becomes too high NC, SC, and TN would be obvious places for investment
USA's GDP is growing faster only due to inflation and the rebound from the pandemic. What used to be $5 few years ago is on average $6 today.. And fellow Americans know this better. Not to mention the dollar dominance it has along with an economy that runs of huge debt and deficit. Countries like China, India, Japan can't do this until they hold something like what US has.
Anyone that moves to Florida for the tax reasons are going to be SAD. I moved here from Minnesota (a high state income tax state)...My car insurance is 2x what it was in Minnesota, my property tax is higher, my homeowners insurance is 150% higher, water and electric are higher. I make six figures and my net savings from no state income tax is $1000/year.
Please don’t use the flag of New York City for New York State they are not the same.  Otherwise another great video.
Umm... the flag use for New York is the one for NYC not NYS.
Florida man magic I tell you 😂
I would blame the 2nd one. 😂
Mis information 😅, China has capacity to do many things differently and independantly
Bring your water wings.
We were all waiting for Florida Man to make a difference... now it is time.
Alternative title: *USA has won, but at what cost?*
Yo, please chill on the downwards inflections. It's so distracting when every 2nd sentence ends this way.
Ayyyy I live in Florida
Because Disney after 50 years finally has to pay taxes.
But at what cost cause Florida is more evil than the CCP in China LOL. These people are sick.
"Florida Man single-handedly allows US economy to overtake China"
yoinked their money
3rd
hi 6th
2nd
As a Floridian let’s gooooo
But at what cost 😂
Thank you for watching! Sign up and download for FREE using my link https://grammarly.com/economics03
