Thanks to Holzkern for sponsoring this video! Head to https://holzkern.com/wolfeyvgc and use my code "wolfey15" to get 15% off your purchase store-wide for that special someone this Valentine's Day.
Um ackshually, Shadow Force hit through protect back in Generation 4
What I saw, perhaps only counter play against Urshifu is a pokemon that cannot be inflicted with a critical hit, such as Lapras or something similar, idk if anyone else has his ability. But, still, having a specific pokemon to counter potential Urshifu matchup is still annoying to begin with.
Dude, I love the use of Bakugan: Battle Brawlers music. Aquos Field was peak.
6:47 technically every pokemon has two forms
YOOOOOO! Looks great!
rapid strike supremacy I love this bear urshifu vmax popping half the opponent's bench via rapid flow or devo was peak gameplay  every vgc player I know thinks I have brain worms
Sup 2 year gang
Bair and falanced
I’m starting my first competitive Pokémon battle
You know it's a problem when it can get past Focus Sash Level 1 Budew
Inb4 they give it the Gale Wings treatment and make it so it only ignores protect at full ho
Only theoretically,is tapu fini if added a counter?
I watched the anime a lot as a kid, never got why there isnt a "dodge" option. Like, Protect and Dodge could be different moves that do the same thing, both would have accuracy based or bulk and speed respectively. Bigger and bulkier Pokemon like Golem could "tank" the hit using Protect while more agile Pokemon like, idk, Pikachu, could use "Dodge" for the same effects
as mostly a spectator i cannot agree more; it's extremely boring seeing urshifu in (some cases) up to 80% of games, usually more given only "hype" matches are typically on the streams.
I love urshifu so muuuuuuuch
I think they should add Tera electric air balloon shedinja
I kept getting my ass kicked by Calyrex so I started using Urshifu. It was great. Sorry I love this guy.
My friend uses rocky helmet Ferathorn to soak up the surging strikes lol
Love urshifu shhhh and no sadly I play my own teams so I do not use urshifu but it is my fav mon
Spidops catching so many strays 😢
30$ is the most powerful weapon in pokemon
I think what makes pokemon work, is that its highly unpredictable many times
How about giving it the Zacian/Zenta treatment and having it only break through screens/protect (and maybe even debuffs) only once
5:55 He then proceeds to use Calyrex as an example
Bro was just on Spidops back today. Justice for my boy Spidops.
You dont even need pokemon home for urshifu
So should i evolve my kubfu into water?
Before These moves were banned, I used to dominate Pokemon in my region. Potect, Double team and Toxic.
Wouldn't ferrothorn counter urshifu just wondering
tera + stab + crit + rain with urshifu rapid strike is ridiculous
The knight in chess CAN move two turns in a row. You probably meant moving twice in one turn.
idk much abt competitive pkmn, but i play MTG, and if you think pkmn is complex, you should play it too (magic: the gathering)
I don’t appreciate your Spidops hate mr world champion
Eh, the analogy of the dollarstore doesn't work that well. More like giving a kid infinite money, and telling them that they can't buy cleaning supplies
I have a question please someone let me know im busy person but like to finish a game i dont play online against others just the game itself and was going to buy full dex for pokemon home i dont want to buy every game just got back into pokemon and trading seems a long wait for certain pokemon especially legends needed for complete dex will i get ban if i buy the full pokemon home dex ?
Ok man the whistle with the Puss in Boots cut got me on this one XD
Ok man the whistle with the Puss in Boots cut got me on this one XD
8:10 BAKUGAN SONG 🗣🗣🗣🗣
6:20 actually there was a glitch for a short time that let G.Slowbro from go get it. So for a short time, he's shared his ability with members of the slowpoke line lol
16:20
😊😊
Do you think the legends league should get rework?
I don’t play comp a lot, but I remember very well getting back into pokemon showdown and going against urshifu. I genuinely thought the guy was hacking. A pokemon as strong as urshifu, getting a move that hits 3 times, and it hits through protect, is just absolutely absurd. It breaks every rule pokemon has had in place forever and it feels cheap.
8:00 this ps2 Bakugan Battle Brawlers Soundtrack
Dude brick break goes through protect
"Final nail in the Koffing" was a Klef kiss
They need to introduce a new ability that is the special intimidate. When switching in drops both opponents special attack by 1.
How would you feel if Protect stopped becoming a move and instead became an option to select like change, run, and bag? Keep the fail rate for consecutive uses and everything. Just have it be a standard mechanic across the board rather than a tradeoff for a moveslot.
It doesn't hurt me as munch that It id that Broken and POORLY designed, It hurta me that the best Pokemon currenty is a FURRY
Here's a counter for Urshifu-Rapid:  Prankster + Lagging Tail + Trick.
“Celestial/Astral” is prob the best name outside of exotic. It fits with the “Star” theme and sounds as cool as divine without having many religious connections.
Pokemon is too complex to work competitively Magic the Gathering: hold my beer
Wo-chien could have been the answer... Sad that they gave it the worst typing ever
I can’t wait for gen 10 to have a Pokémon that activates trick room upon switching in
8:30 bro, that's the Aquos Arena theme from the first Bakugan game
Missed sword and shield. Have been in and out of Violet. Came back in reg I. Im just sick of the ‘raidon pair and all the other legendaries. It’s not terrible because I found ways around them, but ranked ladder has all the same teams most of the time.
13:28 you forget the sword wolf that's also broken in sword and shield😱
Suggestion: What if it ONLY crits when hitting a pokemon through protect?
Has anyone tried shell armor goodra? I think it can get a nice resist and it is immune to crits.
15:21
12:24
I would be surprised if unseen fist doesn’t get nerfed to just do 25% dmg into protect like z-moves going into the next gen. They wouldn’t need to sell SW/SH DLC anymore so they can safely lower its power level.
Total darkness would be a cool weather condition. Power up dark and ghost moves, reduce accuracy of non dark and ghost Pokemon, can be cleared with flash
tacky watches
Compenentive
My buddy literally always brings urshifu. So to mess with him i brought a grass tera shell armor torkoal with a power herb solar beam. Or i just use regular torkoal with hisui liligant. Completely trivializes the thing
I love that even in am overly centralized meta, one of the best players to ever do it consistently uses niche teams like perish song. It shows that ingenuity still has an important place in the game.
Saying pokemon shouldnt work competitively is like saying yugioh or magic the gathering shouldnt work competitively its a game where you play against people to be the best all 3 of them
Ah yes, Urshifu. Probably the most broken VGC pokemon ever besides the Calyrex Riders.
Ha jokes on you, I am single
I'm a year late. So sun and moon eight years ago....that hurts.
The only way to block crits is when you have the ability shell amour and battle amour or with the move lucky chant in national pokedex
sponsored segment ends at 10:51 ish
14:09 fairy chess, unicorn: a horse that moves 2 turn in a row in the same direction
Incineroar jump scare when?
assault vest toxapex with max17 17 17 Hp Def and spD with lunge, liquidation, poison jab and blizzard is totally something I didn't see working but stops most threats online for me. depends on coupled pokemon
Urshifu is hot 😍
I still don’t know why Protect gets 16 uses while Detect gets 8. 8 seems like a more reasonable number
🗿
I'd nerf unseen fist to lower the moves accuracy by 2 stages when hitting a Mon using protect
Anyone else feel like Urshifu REALLY should've been a restricted pokemon?
Nah, a knight that could move 2ce in a row 'd be busted af.
If I were in charge I’d nerf his ability. I think making it a 50% chance to go through protect might be better so that it’s not a guaranteed hit.
Would changing Urshifu’s ability to also not allowing itself to use protect make it a bit more manageable?
I'm still surprised it's not banned years later and with a <60% use rate in vgc tournaments
12:31 except for earthquake
0:27
12:02  Did anyone else notice that he said the water resists grass when grass has been waters iconic weakness since the inception of Pokémon as a franchise 🤔
Wow, if there was only some kind of ban system in competitive Pokémon… oh wait. Smogon.
which game is this
I don't understand this rant can they just ban it from comp if it's bad
I dislike the DLCs, because they obviously hold stuff back from the main games that leaves them feeling very incomplete, and wlso, in the future, you just won't be able to play them normally.  Like, if I got platinum today, I can just play the game. No eshop, no online functionality locking, etc.  New games are not built for this. Gigantimax? Online reliant/lean, and requiring dlc. Many pokemon and stories? Dlc only.  So what happens when the eShop goes down? You just have incomplete games.  Also, paying $90-120+ for a pokemon game - which HAVE BEEN OF LOWER QUALITY LATELY - is absurd.
turns out giving a pokemon garunteed crits is bad razor leaf remembers.
8:20 is that the bakugan battle brawlers theme !?
if a thousand pokemon makes the game seem competitively impossible, imagine YuGiOh's ten thousand card pool!
Title: “How this Pokemon Ruined Competitive Play”  Conclusion of 24 minute video: “Competitive Pokemon is *not* ruined.” 🧐
the number of variables isnt what makes pokemon a shit competitive game. all the luck based mechanics do.
Much fun the competitive gameplay without any legendary of Gen8 been broken or Incineroar.
TL;DR Nintendo wants to makes more money, makes all competitive players has to pay $30 to win.
Literally hating myself because I can’t defeat a single Urshifu 🥲
love the around the world reference
12:23 🤣😂
Urshifuuuuuuu 😂😂😂 he was going for a record on that one. Wonder what the count is 😅
sounds like a wholelottabitchin to me Togakiss MAX clears him felt no pressure from this pokemon
Incineroar's worst nightmare is Wolfey's worst nightmare 😂
editor, the Bakugan Battle Brawlers music is greatly appreciated.
What if Urshifu’s signature moves were the only part hit through protect???
Never realised how broken this mon was
Is the bgm music from the bakugan game????
That moment you realize that STAB + Tera + Crit + Rain dance gives an urshifu using surging strikes a staggering 200% damage boost for that attack.
Wolfey: Says Urshifu Is to Strong  Also Wolfey: Go's on putting a really good neutralizing gas team with galarian weezing that can easily ignore Urshifu's Ability in public
Isn't there pokemon that negate critical damage? Isnt there also a move that remove the ability for critical hits? I wonder how that would apply. 😅😊I love your videos, by the way!
remove protect from the game, or make it exclusive to certain pokemon
what about increasing evasiness+tailwind?
Ok wolf e you your right because of Klara ❤❤ 2:48
Urshifu is the pokemon equivalent of the nurse in DBD. They break the traditional rules of the game and force the opponent(s) to play by their rules
... Is the final Nail in the Koffing.   Koffing: What did i do this Time?  Me:😂
God the poison trainer was so hot lol
All that _and_ a $40 paywall. This is exactly what video games should be, I have no complaints whatsoever. (/sarcasm)
This is why I've dubbed Single-Strike Urshifu as Broly. And Rapid-Strike Urshifu as Neo.
8:03 Shoutout to whoever decided to used the Aqua Arena theme from BBB. Amazing soundtrack
8:03 Bakugan soundtrack was not something i expected from this video, nor any Pokemon video as a whole, but is still a welcome surprise.
Wolfies weezing team looks real nice right now
"Polka mon"
Epic thumbnail. Give that person a raise. Or at least a bonus.
Gamefreak gen 4: We can't put Dragon Dance on Garchomp, are you mad?! That would make it too powerful!  Gamefreak gen 8: Here's a legendary that has a 100% accuracy move that always crits, hits multiple times, and its ability nullifies Protect :)
i may not play vgc but the fact that urshifu is totally allowed to protect himself actually pisses me off a little bit whenever i see one do it... it mightbe been interesting if a pokemon that is strong and also negates the protect from other pokemon could itself mot use protect i think.
I didn’t even know Urshifu was a legendary. It looks so average
When they bring Cradilly back we'll be safe from Urshifu
my bro dogging on SpidOps all video long :(
surely i'm not the only one sick of seeing that 50%+ pres garbo at all levels
i used to think pursuit is a stupidly broken move because it connectly effectively with +7 priority if the opponent wants to switch out, but goddamn is unseen fists is strong AF
Well theres pokemon with the infiltrator abolity that does kinda the same thing right?
i am pretty sure that urshifu rapid strike has a stronger signature move, beacause surging strikes true base power is around 262. wow gen 8 did not give a sheet about competetive pokemon
13:29 dracovish: am I a joke to you?
So I’m a titled chess player (aka master level). Having a night that can move twice in a row would completely break the game and be more powerful than a queen.
14:07 is he talking about a knight moving, the opponent moving, then the knight moving again? If so thats already in chess
Rewatching this and notice Bakugan battle brawlers aquas theme, that brought back memories.
Anybody know the name of the bee pokemon at 1:49?
mega blaziken is best
When the GREATEST Grass type pokemon of all time doesn't actually completely counter this bear, you KNOW you fucked up.
The Bakugan music makes me feel happy
Pikachus waiting for his moment
Spidops is getting too much hate, justice for my boy
Weezing can protect in front of it
Why does he say “Tornaadus”  Like it’s just tornado with a few litters swapped at the end
Me hoping that dynamax pokemon stay evolved for the fight like they did and Not be turn restricted like dynamax or gigantamax 😅   We dont know what they do exactly but i think it could be good
Idk why the ultra games weren’t well received. I actually really enjoyed my play through of ultra moon when it first came out. Sure there were a lot of cut scenes. But I still found the games themselves to be incredibly enjoyable…. Man I should really replay those games soon
12:25-12:30 plus STAB so wouldn't it be 150?
I was playing online yesterday and my urshifu one shot every of my opponents Pokémon.
Dynamax Pokémon weren’t safe from urshifu because of its gmax
8:02 wtf bakugan ost spotted
I wish you couldn’t see the opposing team. Force people to adjust on the fly like the anime/manga
"pokemon is pay to win" *entitled people when they have to pay for a new game instead of receiving it for free*
SO my idea is rather then doing less damage by 25% the critical hits shouldn't occur so if you protect your still being damaged but the damage is less because of no crits I don't know if this will ruin it or not someone pls let me know
2:59 i literally just got that joke
Me casually listening to the Video while doing some work 8:03 suddenly Wolfey hits me with my childhood and i kinda want to play it again lol
Hear me out, guys. Mega Slowbro is our Messiah
8:13 Bakugan Aquos arena theme
Why is it legal again?
Terra steel rapid strike urshifu 😐 that is some nightmare fuel
7:33 that is the best troll ever lmfaoo
It doesn’t work, it’s an rng shltfest. The only reason it’s even played is because of how big pokemon already is.
Nice use of Jamie's theme song from SF6
This proves that this guy is good at nothing except YouTube. Pokemon is not supposed to work as competitive, because of too many variables? What brainrotted statement is that? The more variables, the better ANY game works as competitive.
When I originally had the isle of armour, I’ve chosen Rapid strike but somehow through trading I I got singles strike, so I got both versions of urshifu same with calyrex I pick glastier but I got spectier through trading and regidrago got it with using Pokémon HOME in my little sisters save file
Why dont you just use mold breaker
Why pronounce it tornahdus when it’s based of the word tornado bruh
Who do u hate more urshifu or sneasler
WTF IS COMPETINIVE!
3:35 Sad hyperspace fury noises
Honestly I think gen 9 ruined competitive completely. There's just too many Pokemon with signature abilities that are absolutely busted. And even more Pokemon with signature moves that are busted. Goldango is a perfect example busted ability and a busted signature move.
I am not sure why the creators gave Urshi so many permissions. In the VGC it creates a huge asymmetry of power distributions, and in Unite it does too. Legendary pokes are banned in competitive play for Worlds - except Urshi - and there is no explanation for this.  Urshi is also thee only poke in Unite that can break through the opponent's home base shield (for about 1.5 seconds with its alt move).  Apparently, the counterweight to Urshi is that kubfu is inarguably the worst character in the game but it evolves at lv5 do that literally lasts 55 seconds if you are jungling.  I don't complain. Urshi is my main muehehehe
Why do you bully spidops so much?
Star Platinum of Pokemon
Urshifu - Incineroar
24:42 "final nail in the koffing" i see whatcha did there
Meu pai comprou um pandeiro :)
Dawg playing bakugan ds music and thought I wouldn’t notice I know the aquos area theme bro nice try
Completely unrelated to the video or competitive play, but I finally got a second Kubfu after returning to SwSh & replaying through the Isle of Armor (I lost my physical copy of Shield, ended up beating Violet and it's DLCs/caught kubfu there before finding it)  Assuming you can get past the unrelenting malice you feel seeing urshifu on the field in competitive play, I recommend bringing your SV Urshifu to SwSh to camp with the Kubfu you get there, maybe it's just me but it's surprisingly wholesome with the context of building friendship with Kubfu, ya boi Urshifu from the future's here for moral support <3
My Flygon defeats Urshifu well 😂
the mega kangaskhan reference was priceless
More like how scrubs need to learn how to play the game.
Remember when sand veil Garchomp was the most despised but overused monster in the game? When every team centered around Garchop/counter or counter/counter counter? When dragon rush was the most absurd move for a such a powerful yet "legal" monster?  Too young? What about when Thunderous was the most absurd legal Pokemon, to the point it immediately destroyed the Assist Liepard Darkrai strategy?
i bet ferrothorn can counter this mon
Abshire Forks
11:02 Jaiden Strives! Edit: Nevermind and also i just remembered because of asteroid videos, PYUKUMUKU, INNARDS OUT!
Their stances really give away what form of Urshifu they are. Single Strike Urshifu has that power stance going on, while Rapid Strike Urshifu moves around like it's drunk after drinking too much Berry Juice that was laced with alcohol. Not to mention that Single Strike Urshifu's band and knee fur is flowing and sticking up in the air like it's a Super Saiyan.
Ah, Flirt With Bomb, I know that sound weirdly familiar.
Maxime Meadows
It's 50% Bp before terra which bring it to 63.5 bp which easily becomes 186bp on 3
Gotta love the broken bear ❤
13:31 Wolfey really tried to sneak that Regidrago in as a “broken Pokémon”
Turcotte Squares
Savin is on the hunt
I know a perfect nerf for Urshifu. Make it the only pokemon unable to use protect. It would be fair.
It takes 27 seconds to you know what to appear.
Amoonguss has to be your favorite Pokemon! It’s mentioned  at least once in almost every video yah do! 16:46
I personally believe that Urshifu should be deleted from the game's code & never mentioned again
Urshifu is to pokemon like Nurse is to dead by daylight. Completely changes the rules of the game
Ogerpon wellspring
If you could change everything, what should Competetive Pkmn looks like?
Just like Mob Psycho, every gang has a Leader and the Leader of Pokemon VGC is clearly Incineroar. However, the SHADOW Leader of VGC is USHIFU T POISON!   No idea what GF were doing when they thought up this demon. Its the most valuable pokemon of all time which is the main metric for being the BEST mon of all time
Google Flying Knight Chess. A chess player with a single knight and no other pieces  can completely dominate a regular chess opponent with all their pieces.
Seeing the moves animations from shield/sword compared to scarlet/violet was just sad lol
This is like the "I lIkE oLd MiNeCrAfT" thing, just play older games. Now if you excuse me Ima go use my pokemon who's signature move is 420 base power, always crits, hits the opponents entire party, fully heals and revives my party, is always super effective, and has plus 6 priority.
Dynamax Shedinja with 2 HP, LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
hmmmmmmmmmm
Technically there is an ability that prevents crits but it's mostly on pokemon that never whould win against urshifu 😅
Can lucky chant stop surging strikes crit
"Our tragic tale begins all the way back-" - Please don't say "all the way back" like Sw/Sh was a long time ago.  I don't need to feel OLD today, man...
Lets hope Urshifu is nerfed before it can go on a tear like INCINEROAR.
skipisi toilrting
Wolfey what is the animation in the beginning of the video from?
Regulation H is here to stop Urshifu
It would be instantly 10x more balanced if using protect halved the damage instead of getting ignored completely.
The self glazing at the start of the video is unreal 😂😂😂
The spirit of Pokemon was never for competitive, it just happens to work for it, the spirit of Pokemon was always for fun and collection especially considering the origin of the idea being from bug collecting (and also putting those bugs to fight against your friends bugs)
generation 10 urshifu change: unseen fist now not only goes through protect, but through pokemon, too, killing them in one hit as long as it deals at leat neutral damge. this ignores all abilities. for pokemon that resist it, they will go down to 1 hp.
If you win with Urshifu, you didn't win because you were good, but because you used Urshifu
Wolfy imagine Urshifu-Dazzling strikes fairy and fighting
ACE ATTOURNEY MUSIC USED I INSTANTLY SUBSCRIBED
I made masterball tier this month with scrafty dusclops hatterene torkoal torapogos and raging bolt leading in with terapogos or scrafty then switching first turn into dusclops against urshifu is always a good time when it works 😂....well baiting any fighting type into a dusclops switch is Always good times😉 appreciate the vids boss keep up the good work👍✌️
Spidobs main character  Not urshifu lol
Gen 9 ruined every animation. Look at the galarian starter's signature moves! And don't get me started on surging strikes and wicked blow...
What about Jellicent? It has water absorb and is ghost type, therefore meaning it is immune to fighting and water
The spidops hate is real
What about pellaper
"For some reason" _Looks at the $30 price tag_ Yeah, I wonder why.
at least make urshifu take all crit damage tho just like noguard or that he can get hit by contact moves thru protect as well
11:53 Flower Trick will always hit. It has no Accuracy.  Flower Trick (Grass Physical) Base Power: 70 Accuracy: Sure Hit (or —) Power Points: 10 (MAX 16) Always inflicts a critical hit if possible.  Another thing is that Flower Trick has more Power Points than Surging Strikes (Flower Trick has 5 more Power Points than Surging Strikes). So in theory, Flower Trick is slightly better than Surging Strikes. And there you have it, folks.  EDIT: Learned that Flower Trick doesn’t hit through Protect. Pokémon might need to fix that...
I can't get over the clip of my heatran just dying. Lmao. Just remembered this video.
"the final nail in the koffing" i smell a urshifu counter (well or atleast that u can protect against it again)
So much Spidops shade here lol
Remonds of of certain killer in dead by daylight.  There are 3 killers you can play that are hard to nerf because they break or ingor rules.  But not that long agonthey tried to nerf them by nerfing all killers, but that just made weak killers even harder to play.  Does help thet they are choosing to read the data on killer performance poorly.
"But wait! There's more!"
How boring that it seems everyone uses the same mf pokemon
I didn't realize that pokemon was pay to win 😆
y’all’re so mean to Spidops 😞
🎉WE LOVE SPIDOPS🎉 3:26
5 water type and one dark bear is immensely hilarious
I knew it was protect but what you mean about it being useless in a normal game of pokemon i play nuzlockes and protect is one of the most useful status moves
Whats next, bst 680 wonderguard fairi-dragon?
add a electric type move equivalent to counter and the counterplay is there.
If only there were a format where Pokémon, abilities, and moves that were clearly unbalanced were banned… we could call it Uber tier… maybe the rules would actually make sense and people would use a larger variety of Pokémon… just a thought 🤷🏻‍♂️
I actually never use protect in the meta game. So I don't understand people who use protect.
Wouldn’t the first real experiment on breaking protect be gen 4, with introduction of Feint and Shadow Force?
final nail in the koffing lol
I like Unseen Fist, but the Contact limitation is hardly enough. One idea would be not only work thematically but hopefully balance it out is that it only works on Crits, while removing the Critical Hit bonuses if it hits through protect. Even it's guaranteed crit moves.
It would be interesting to make a certain type completely immune to unseen fist or something. Orrr maybe just make amorphous pokemon like Muk immune to fighting type moves? Like punching muk makes no sense to me
I'm a noob when it comes to competitive but would a move like fly work as a counter?
I guess more abilities like neutralizing gas can help?
The feeling of realizing this broken pokemon hits through protect in gen 9 random battles on showdown was devastating
In Gen 10 there will be a pokimon with wonder guard thats impossible to hit for it's type
17:00 says amoongus seems like it should be strong against urshifu but it isnt and proceeds to spore urshifu and chip damage it and win the tournament with amoongus. Absolute GOAT
Who handles the bans for VGC, is it gamefreak, nintendo (complete noob here btw)? If its an independent body surely they can just ban it?
Wolfe has told about a million people that he doesn’t like urshifu
I wish we could go back to mega evolution
Does shadow force also go through protect? I understand it’s way worse, but it’s still the case, and i figured could be worth mentioning.
your only option is to run ludicolo
Zacian video, please! Heard this thing was broken in SNS and i really like your comprehensive analisys
Urshifu was my favorite pokemon even before I knew it was op. I hope they don't nerf it to NU but I hope there will be some balancing and there always would be a team for it so it would be useable
Bro got that persona 2 ahh thumbnail
Interesting start but chess is more complicated and it has comp. I am not surprised the Pokémon has comp either way. Great video.
6:13 Agency Agency
Yeah, when this thing was introduced in Isle of Armor, that was where Pokemon “jumped the shark” for me. I didn’t even want to bother with gen 9 after that.
Swsh probably should been like a joto full of weak ass mons since they were doing the dex reset anyway
Spidops catching strays
Please keep making videos breaking down strong pokemon, it really helps beginners such as myslf
Perhaps they could have unseen fist do what gigantamax or z-moves did in the past.  It can break past protect, but the damage is limited to a quarter, even with critical hits.  So there is still a reason to use protect.  OH, and the secondary effects should come into play, such as poison or lowered stats with the variants of protect specific Pokémon get when Urshifu connects.  Make it happen GameFreak, you already got people's money the first time, lets not keep this guy broken.
Why dont they just ban the two bear variants and Gholdengo from competetive? It feels like entire teams are built around countering one pokemon.
That BGM around 9:20 is awfully nostalgic 0-0
Nerf unseen fist to only activate if screens/veil are up?
Honestly, even in restricted formats, Gamefreak needs to be better about banning specific mons still. Granted I have yet to really get into VGC cause I don't really have the time. But, from your vids, I really feel like Incin and Urshifu should be not allowed in any format
competitive pokemon sounds fucking awful
This might be a dumb take (I am but a casual player at best) but I kinda feel like Urshifu is just exposing the already existing problem that there is an insane reliance on protect. I think the easy fix is to ban Urshifu and keep chugging along but the root problem will persist. It's not that protect is unbalanced, it's inherently balanced by the fact that if the opponent does not target you you wasted your turn (well, of course some pokemon might only care about their ability staying active on the field and whatever move they use is just a bonus), but the fact that you virtually have to run it on a lot of pokemon and that the game does not function without it does cause me concern. Casually I already hate the whole 4 move limitation, I can't imagine what it would feel like having to give 1 more of my slots up for a filler move. As a player I dislike using protect stall tactics like toxic+leftovers or whatever else, it just feels kinda boring and I think that kind of playstyle should have counterplay (I mean beyond Urshifu). Stalling in doubles to allow your pokemon to be on the field in an advantageous position is a valid strategy, but I actually think as a player you should have tools to accomplish this without protect, for example, maybe you could just have the option to "slow" switch in a pokemon. Idk, when it comes to pokemon it feels like even a small change like this has the potential to break the game but what are you gonna do XD
Make unseen fist do 1/4 of the damage and if it uses its signature move make it take extra damage, that way you are forced to play it with a supporter with follow me like clefairy
Ushifu made me quit competitive pokemon
The needless spidops shade all over this video is hilarious 😂😂
tbh i wish urshifu didn’t have cc and instead had superpower just to make it slightly less spammable
I just realized I never finished the dlc of violet or shield 😂😂😂 I've just been living vicariously through your videos
In the future their is probably gonna be a legendary like Drapion or Eelektross where it only has 1 weakness or no weakness.
Urshifu literally made me quit VGC for like 6 months lol. Good thing we got Reg G now
..rabsca revival blessing...
Why is it Urshifu dark's signature reminds me of black flash from jujutsu kaisen X-x
Bakugan music goes so hard
Urshifu looking at captain Americas shield "nice colored plate you got there"
I went looking for Shell Armor/Battle Armor Pokemon (they're immune to crits) and one of them that I found was Hisuian Goodra. It's a Pseudo Legendary so it's got pretty good stats, it resists Water Urshifu, it can learn acid spray for support, knockoff, body press, and it's got decent all around stats except for speed (but I assume this thing is meant for bulk). I was just thinking that maybe someone might be able to use that for their niche to stop this menace (and yes I know it's still weak to Urshifu's fighting type moves :/)
Haa koffing
I hate Urshifu largely because when was first introduced, Urshifu Dark alone just-so-happened to *hard counter* the team that I had been playing and workshopping for most of a year before that.
I still hate how Regigas has slow start then we get this guy.
Urshifu: Always crits, can't be protected against, has great stats, has almost no counterplay.  Gamefreak: don't need to nerf him  Regigas: has okay stats for a legendary  Gamefreak: yeah we should make it so he literally cannot do anything for the first 5 turns
It’s interesting you say protect is the foundation of competitive play because I have a friend that I’ve tried to convince competitive is awesome, but he doesn’t like protect or trickroom so he thinks it sucks.  He likes singles which I think is way more toxic
The reason Urshifu and Treasures of Ruin are 'Broken' is because they were 'Made in China'
Hyper drill existing sounds the same as this.
Ending on that Koffing joke made me unreasonably upset lmao
This video aged well after your win especially with amoongus 🤣
I fricken adore this pokemon
18:24 dang it grandpa
Nail in the koffing?
Are we going to get a pokémon that will redirect damage?
I love absolutely nuking this furball in doubles with my sun team. Send out Torkoal and Hisuian Typhlosion. Frisk checks their items. If it has a choice scarf, might need to abort mission. Otherwise, choice scarf H Typhlosion, and with sun boosting it and helping hand from Torkoal, it’s a guaranteed OHKO. Only way it survives is if it has a focus sash or if it’s somehow bulky instead of a speedy killer. And with the ghost typing, H Typhlosion is immune to fake out.
But then Wolf DEFEATED this Pokémon to become the first 2x Orlando regional  champion 🙌🏽
Honestly, the fixes I'd make for Urshifu are only two.  Its signature moves shouldn't always crit, instead, should just have an increased crit chance like Shadow Claw or Night Slash.  Second, I'd remove Unseen Fist as an ability, and instead give the ability to break through protect to the signature moves.  Now, Urshifu only ignores protects if it is using Wicked Blow or Surging Strikes, and they have a 1/8 chance to crit instead of a 100% chance.  Urshifu's new ability should be Inner Focus (and if it had a hidden ability, Intimidate).
Just saying, if urshifu “ruins the game”, what in gods good love does incineroar do? Hahahahaha
Breaks through half of protect. All we need. It one ups z moves and max moves but doesn’t 10 up them
as a casual player, urshifu has taken all the fun out of online battles, thanks for calling them out on this
How to balance Urshifu: don't let it use protect
Terrible team idea all urshifu
So choose water Urshifu 🙂‍↕️ got it.
Anyone else hear the aquas battle field theme from the bakugan battle brawlers game at 8:05 or is it just me 😅
Wouldn’t having ability mummy or simple beam also help counter?
We know what “fully bipedal” is code for
Flutter mane is Urshifus drawback
Urshifu was created to answer Landorus T but who’s here to answer Urshifu 😭😭
wait till this guy hears about hoopas signature move
the ability should also make it so it cant avoid damage no matter what. (excluding ohko obviously)
Look, I don't know how much of a difference it'd make, but I think they should make detect ignore unseen fist (and other protect-bypassing effects.) As it stands, detect is a strictly worse version of protect whose only niche is that its limited distribution means that it's less likely to get locked by imprison. I also feel like it's also distinct enough from protect to justify it, flavor-wise. Simply going off of the names and typings, protect feels like a more amateur attempt at blocking an attack; it usually works, but an experienced opponent can feint to get an opening, or hit them from an unexpected angle. Detect, meanwhile, implies a heightened level of awareness, either through superior senses or sheer martial prowess, allowing them to react to an attack that would have snuck through a less experienced pokemon's guard.
Yes, Urshifu is allowed to exist and terrorize as it is, but god forbid they gave Strong Jaw to Barraskewda or Perrserker an usable speed stat, that would be too much.
Anyone else hope that in Gen 10 they bring back every past gimmick or  let us go to every region
8:22 Bakugan music…nice
8:03 all my homies enjoy the Aquos BGM from the Bakugan Battle Brawlers game
24:42 did he say Koffing????
“The problem with Urshifu is that it operates outside the rules of the Game.” Hmmrmrmrm… sounds a lot like one blocky boi I know in Smash
Easy fix: half the damage, and also apply effects of spiky shield, burning burwalk,
Honestly, if they go the route of giving more things abilities like unseen fist, then add moves, items and abilities that are pretty widespread across pokemon to act as counterplay, it seems like this could be the beginning of a way to refresh the game, but I’m not sure if pokemon would do that.
So what you're saying is it's better than that stupid cat Incineroar.
Damn i thought that only its signature moves could hit through protect thats wacky
Tell that to G-Max One Blow and G-Max Rapid Flow ignoring Max Guard.
They should give pokémon better than Koffing and Weezing Neutralising gas  Take away their abilities.
Urshifu: The Bara Pokémon
As cool as Urshifu's design is, I do agree it's ability really needs to be nerfed. There are two ways they could nerf Unseen Fist; either have moves deal half or even quarter damage when hitting through Protect, or add recoil damage when hitting through Protect.
A knight that got two moves would be disgustingly overpowered. Particularly because of how it would interact with checking/checkmating/stalemating the enemy king. But even just the utter protection of a square it would add, being able to capture on that square and then safely moving back to its original square. 😮
These story time videos are so amazing man
"Games would be decided almost instantanously based on who had a better turn 1"  A little offtopic but it's funny that that sentence describes the state of modern Yu-Gi-Oh
Sounds like a format shortcoming. Letting players use more legendary Pokémon and allow opponents to ban picks individually like League of Legends would mix up the META.
Urshifu animation is like Mathis Kung Fu
3:29  Sun and moon was seven years ago😳
In Chess, a knight that could move twice in a row is absolutely busted. 1st jump - check 2nd jump - take the king...
Nice touch using the theme for the water-themed Bakugan arena when talking about the Water-type Urshifu
Have a counter, Hydrapple
Urishu is basically a pay to win Pokemon 🏆 😅
I haven’t played Pokémon in a long time but am really thinking about getting back into it. Would physically defensive with some hp and maybe SpA invenstment lanturn be a viable counter to this thing?
Is... is that Bakugan Battle Brawlers music I hear?
I feel like what makes Urshifu so annoying is the fact it can protect. Everything else is frustrating, but the fact that it has the option is unfair when nobody else can protect with it on the field.
4:00 I thought it was 50%. 12:50 Granted, that's part of it being over. To be exact, it stops you from breathing.
By the way archaludon can counter it by its ability sturdy (Increases the user’s defense by 1 stage each time it get hits
Urshifu should have at least 70~75 sp.def or 90/90 on both defensive stats, at least from my opinion. It doesn't feel like a legendary Pokémon to me with his current stats and distribution of those
The dollar shop joke had me laughing out loud. New sub!
Bakugan brawler sound Tracy in the backround Very nice
Weezing is one of the only pokemon that can see Urshifu's fist👽
1:14 "Competitive Pokémon is entirely double battles"  *Laughs in Smogon*
Urshifoo is the reason I hate comp
wait Urshifu is a legendary ?????
Your editor LOVES capcom
Wolfey actually created a good counter to Urshifu Water and idk if he even knows it. I learned it from an early SV video where he used ceruledge. One thing to keep in mind is I’m very inconsistent with keeping up with what the meta game is, but one thing I found when I came back to competitive is that a grass tera ceruledge not only takes care of Urshifu Water 9/10 but it’s just a genuinely good pokemon to have, so it’s not like you should only have it on your team for Urshifu Water. If you outsmart your opponent then Urshifu won’t be able to deal with him. I’be been using ceruledge all gen 9 (when I play) because I never anyone else use it, and when Urshifu came to gen 9 my game plans never changed hard except for who I had around ceruledge. Idk if gastrodon was added to SV but I feel like Urshifu could genuinely be a liability if Gastrodon and Ceruledge are both on the field. If you wanna see wolfeys version of ceruledge then watch “so I challenged a professional pokemon players”. The one I use has tweaks to it but I’m gatekeeping
Don't forget about the item punching glove, which increases punching moves and surging strikes is classified as a punching move
Fix: ban urshifu from every tournament. Incineroar as well. Problem solved.
8:29 thought we wouldn’t notice you using Bakugan music in Pokémon video?
Urshifu saying “objection”  Sent me to the shadow realm 😂🫶
Unpopular opinion… make a special version of unseen fist… but also maybe not THAT strong
The knight that can move twice is actually a really good comparison. To the casual observer, it seems strong but maybe not game breaking. But if you’ve ever played the Flying Knight chess variant (where black only has their king and a knight but they get to move twice), you know how borderline impossible it is to fight.
Okay so know I understand why so many people are using it online. I never played Sword and shield so I had no idea what it was at all and I was getting dunked on constantly. Good thing to now I gotta also be a degenerate and use it or build a team that can maybe counter it, awesome...
The only hope we have left for an Urshifu counter is when Koraidon and Miraidon become legal (Signature moves dealing triple damage instead of double damage when super effective should OHKO Urshifu with ease). But if the only counterplay is to use restricted pokemon that are EVEN MORE overpowered, then Pokemon should seriously consider just banning Urshifu and making it a restricted pokemon like the rest of the box-art legendaries.
They should nerf it's ability so either The damage is reduced in protect Or can only do it once per battle
Wolfey please make a vid on gallade mega or diancie i wanna see what u think of them
Unseen fist should also make ANY damaging moves to hit through protect for the mon with unseen fist as its ability. In other words, it can hit with contact moves through protect but in return it also get hit with special AND physical damaging moves even if it tries to protect or detect. 2-way street
4:58
Competitive Pokemon is crazy.
Can someone clip the mental issues/fist through computer part. That needs to be memed
wouldn't skill swap be good for removing the protect bypass, find a strong pokemon that can learn skill swap and you're sorted
Have you ever thought of a Pokemon with the mummy ability? It could get rid of Urshifus ability and you could even use a weak move to get mummy on both of your pokemon to stop its ability via a trade or not switching out a tanky pokemon with good defence EVs and defence boosting nature
Yea like hey surging strikes can’t be blocked by protect, can’t be reduced by reflect, is unaffected by stat drop, and kills through focus sash.
Weren't there such things as bans on certain pokemon in competetive? Or has it come to a point where there's too many to ban so one unfairly strong gamebreaker makes it through?  Tbh, I don't understand why ppl still buy Pokemon games. Are you masochists? Not only do you pay for 2 halves of the same story generation after generation if you want to have a complete set of pokemon and the entire story of that generation, the last 2 generations made it even worse with VERSION SPECIFIC DLCs. I mean come on. What's this abusive relationship? Pokemon players are like an abused wife... "I know he's constantly hurting me but I still love him" lol. You reap what you sow. Nintendo or even Gamefreak give no fucks whatsoever
Gamefreak make most of their profit from merchandise, the games themselves aren't a big part of the business (look at Scarlet/Violet ffs!), Pokemon is run by a cabal of old businessmen who don't give a crap about balance. You may as well complain about the quality of the paint job on Happy Meal toys.
3:33 Actually, future sight was the first instance of a move ignoring protect, which would be followed by doom desire, feint, shadow force, and phantom force.
The did it better with iron boulder because sure it can break protect but it’s only mighty cleave and not it’s ENTIRE MOVESET!
Urshifu it’s flying too close to the sun I feel like, you basically can’t stop it and it’s someone who plays tiny local, competitive games. It’s honestly so annoying toe it constantly! Most players come in with a basic, basic knowledge of competitive, even I’m not go to competitive I just happen to be an expert with math and science with some hyper fixations of Pokémon sprinkled in. I’ve used very out-of-the-box strategies that have won me money tournaments, but urshifu will be nervous I feel like, it’s so broken that at this point
Why don't they just make the first strike have the guaranteed strike and the other 2 are subject to natural rate??
Yes. The answer is yes.
shouldn't regieleki be a good counter due to speed, spatk and typing?
i love how my next reccommended video is talking about wheezings ability neutralizing gas and how it disables abilities- wouldnt this take away unseen fist and render protect useful again?
fuck protect. it's annoying
Watching this after knoxville is so funny, yeh Urshi dark flipped them usage stats real quick
i think the real problem is that competitive pokemon is dependent on 1 move. Yall need to do better
Me, an intellectual, using feint
I’d personally nerf Urshifu in this way: 1 - Unseen Fist still works the same, except that if a physical contact move lands when a Pokemon is using protect, its damage will be reduced by 20% and Urshifu’s speed will be lowered by 1 stage.
Why not just ban Urshifu from VGC?
Just ban him from play lmao. This would be a non-issue in any other comp game on the planet, what the fuck are pokemon TOs doing?
Urshifu felt inadequate when the other legendaries questioned why it should count so overcompensated with an ability Arceus itself fears
No ones talking about the "NAIL IN THE COFFING" joke?? Really?
Get Blaziken on the line, we gonna ruin that rapid striking-waterbender wannabee-bear and bird looking wannabee no.1 pokemon's day
A lot valid points are made to nerf this ability, but in reality just reclassifying Urshifu as a restricted legendary (same class as Kyogre, Necrozma, etc.) would do a lot to balance it out
Pokémon like ferrothorn are also missing to make them think twice about clicking surging strikes.
05:00 HOLY FUCK IS THAT A MOTHERFUCKIN YAKUZA OST???
You failed to mention that it's a great counter to incinaroar which is the biggest cancer in the game.
My iron valiant has no issue with urshifu. I’m able to almost always (as long as they don’t detect) k.o it with a non swords dance close combat. The issue is that my iron valiant then becomes as useless as it will fall easy to any other Pokémon that even looks at it since it’s defense and special defense drop after close combat. But hey at least I get to immediately k.o urshifu as soon as it hits the field.
"Why does it work?" "because 95% of pokemon are useless and the competitive scene uses only a meta"
I think Urshifu sort of proves that bans are kind of needed in a good competitive meta. Sure a lot of people rag on singles for banning a lot of things. But it allows singles to be a more balanced and competitive meta like Pokemon, and allows for multiple playstyles. Doubles lacking that really causes the issue where when Pokemon are super good they cause the meta to become over centralized. It’s may be time for doubles to consider bans so the meta isn’t constantly just focused on a specific set of Pokemon
VRO I JUST REALISED WOLFEY SAID KOFFING AT THE END OF THE VIDEO. (Koffing has neutralising gas which counters the effects of urshifu's ability)
These DLC are pretty much just pay to win. How else are you supposed to get people to buy the DLC
As much as I hate Urshifu design wise I feel instead of banning it we should either ban or nerf Detect, Protect and all other move nullifiers Even just making it Protect a single attack (including those from Multi-hit moves), [edit:] allowing “always hitting” moves to ignore Protects and buffing abilities like Infiltrator [/edit] would be enough [Edit:]And to slightly even it back out make all Protecting moves nullify Critical Hit chances so those moves which do hit it only do basic damage (unless it’s Urshifu)[/edit]
Lovin the bakugan music in the background lmao
Urshifu shouldn’t be able to learn protect/detect
They should make their signature move all that each form of urshifu can learn
Would it help to add another drawback to Unseen Fist? Like imagine the quarter damage reduction on all protection breaking attacks?
Cheating ruins the game.
Conpetinive
I feel like a nerf to unseen fist could help out vgc. Maybe give it a 50% chance?
Whitney voice: “You gotta pay $30!!”  This community is a bunch of commie soy-boy pansies
am not an expert, but aren't ghost type pokemons the key to Urshifu, since they cant get hit with physical moves ?
how would an always-crit move like Flower Trick or Surging Strikes interact with a Pokemon with the ability Shell Armor (can't be hit by Critical Hits)? Would you just get a "But it failed" or would Urshifu just muscle his big bear pawwy way through that too?
I still refuse to buy SwSh's DLC, because the base game sucked and I shouldn't have to pay $30 for something that should've been there at Day 1.
My personal advice would be to finally lose your virginity man..
Ive looked everywhere online since urshifu came out back in the isle of armor to determine whether or not a pokemon with mold breaker using protect actually gets to protect against urshifu from what i can tell i am the only one curious about this interaction did it just slip everyones mind or does it just not work also when i saw hearthflame Ogerpon starting to be used in the  competetive scene i figured it could have been due to this mold breaker vs unseen fist interaction
I'd like to see a regulation set that allows more than one of a pokedex slot, as long as it is different forms. It'd be cool to see both Ursaluna or both Lanodorus forms on the same team, or in the case of this video, both Urshifu forms.
It's interesting, but this isn't a problem with dudunsparce, despite the fact it also hits through protect.
Looking for a little help to pull this team together, tryna run the indigo dlc with Pokemon I haven't used before in the game series. Not looking for competitive advice, just something to help these mons synergize better. I got Metagross, alolamona, duraladon, camerupt, braviary, and the sixth is up in the air rn. Any help would be appreciated. Thx all
Avoiding a video on palworld?
Editors' BGM game continues to be on point 👌
Damn, now I want chess with Pokémon pieces, Ttar queen!
The editing and quality of these videos are unreal, the World Champ is just built different
Just like in any competitive game ever in existence, the game is balanced, people just didn't understand that if they want to play whatever they want, they will be lower tier players and that's completely fine, you don't see mono singeds in challenger, you don't see of meta decks in TCGs getting higher spots, in every competitive game the meta revolves around a smaller group of characters and that's it... It's about time people start accepting this reality.
Curse can still take effect even when the opponent uses protect
Always crit attacks and unseen fist are both very unhealthy for the game in general. Is it ruined? Of course not. It's never been balanced or particularly good as a competitive game. But the powercreep is catching up fast - we're about to start approaching yu-gi-oh levels at this rate.  Of course - nothing will likely be done. Pokemon games exist to get people into pokemon to sell merch. It's all about the merch now.
MY GOAT!!!
next video: reaching rank 1 in the world with spidops
Tbh I'm happy that big players are saying this. Saying this as a random person just gets you insulted by buffoons.   Perhaps even worse than Urshifu's inherent qualities, is that you need a very specific game to get it. If they want to introduce busted shit like Urshifu, at least give us multiple ways to access it.
What about elctrode
Talk about palworld Wolfey
Just introduce a Pokémon with the Immune Type, immune to everything
did jolteon can't counter urshifu?
GameFreak just wants to make clear folks should’ve payed $30 last Gen huh? 🤔
And you ruining other trainer out there to be champion😂🎉🎉🎉🎉
Now that regulation F has brought raging bolt, hopefully thunderclap can serve as another hard answer to urshifu rapid strike as well
I love your tournament videos with the strange pokemons. You should use alcremie next video it has signature move decorate which is so good move for competitive.
Heck, already commented but gonna give this another boost by commenting again.   I am *supremely* lucky as a newbie my team actually counters water urshifu pretty decently, though I had to tweak some things. (Also generally pretty good against dark Urshifu tho that can be more hit or miss depending on what I bring depending on my guess of the team comp).   But they are still annoying as heck, to the extent of me sadly shelving my ceruledge coverage now and training up a incineroar for the fake out. (So far my choice band + freeze dry iron bundle has outsped all the water Urshifu's I've faced, but I'm only at level 9 so far, sooo... not sure if that will hold up).  There are some team comps that when I lose to them, it doesn't feel go d or 'ok hmm... good fight, but weaknesses in my teams I need to tweak'-- it just feels cheap. And I hate those. As others have said, it just... makes it not fun anymore.
The fact that Urshifu isn't outlawed this gen is kinda stunning to me, because wtf.
You should make a tier list of how many lions each Pokémon can beat.
14:03 Funnily enough, a Knight allowed to move twice a turn is so busted white would be winning to have only that one super knight and a king and nothing else vs a normal configuration of black pieces.
Use wheezing hint at the end?
Play Palworld instead
NO WAY YOUR USING BAKUGAN THEME(the game one)
Fam that thumbnail is too sick , any chance we can use that for our wallpaper???
Dont forget bout weezing. Altho it ain that reliable it is still a decent way to deal with urshifu teams with neutralizing gas... weezing is goated :3
I want bewear in Pokémon scarlet violet
I think they also should shiny lock more legendarys and buff up already strong pokemon. Its just so fun to see the same pokemon in ranked battles all over again, with similiar movesets, items and abilitys. I think too many people miss out on that fun, when they do not include the urshifus, flatter manes, iron hands, landorus, rillabooms etc on their teams. And thanks to the epic power creep we dont have to use any other pokemon ever again. I know that there are a few exceptions, but the selection of viable pokemon compared to others in over 1000 diffrent pokemon is just dogshit.
im SO tired of clearing teams of nothing but Urshifu and crutches for said Urshifu
Take a sip every time he says Urshifu.
dondozo wasnt mentioned here
They just need to make these moves do only 25% damage trough protect, that's still very good.
I’m sorry wolfyvgc 😂❤
Jellicent is great against urshifu.... ghost resistance fighting type moves and water absorb chech surge strike 🙂
I like how Wolfe downplayed urshifu dark and then brought it to Charlotte
The video you should be making is "Is this game ruining pokemon". I am talking about palworld.
how to fix urshifu: give status moves +1 priority (with exceptions). if protect is the only glue to competetive pokemon, we should get more glue. one more move would not fix the game - so it has to be a simple change that would have a lot of impact.  now tell me how this would brake the game.  i would still let prankster get another +1, but status applying move like sleep powder -1
@WolfeyVGC can you coach me?
Terastal ruined the game...
I LOVE Wolfe Vids so much! Always very inspiration and learn so much by watching! Hope you keep being amazing! 😄
So good that we have Raiging Bolt electirc terrain who desimate Urshifu.
when you get tilted so bad by a pokemon you make a video about it.
Bro casually dropped the hardest urshifu edit
Question, could you use  Cofagrigus mummy ability to counter Urshifu ability giving it mummy
Ahhh yes, protect. The move that has saved my ass more than once
The sad thing is that there's an easy fix to this issue, nerf Unseen Fist so that it does reduced damage through Protect, like with Dynamax and Z-Moves before it.  Just do that and you've solved the problem, I'm honestly shocked that they didn't do this in the generation shift like with Zacian considering the main way of countering it was removed.  Sure Iron Boulder now has Mighty Cleave, which is only slightly weaker than Stone Edge which ignores Protect.  However that's just one move, a very powerful and useful move sure, but one move, everything else in it's toolkit can't get through Protect. So stuff that resists Rock (Fighting, Steel, Ground) aren't at as much risk.  It's also worth noting that even in Smogon Singles, both Urshifu forms were banned from OU in gen 9, yes I know that Smogon singles is different and not official, but the fact that it's a problem in BOTH VGC and singles is saying something.  Rapid Strike was allowed in Gen8, but Single Strike was banned.  Sometimes stuff that completely dominates one (Incineroar for VGC, or Mega Beedrill for example), isn't that great in the other.  Beedrill wasn't top-tier, but it was a solid UU mon, extremely fast and powerful but extremely frail, traits that shine in singles, but not so much in doubles.
Would a drought chloraphyl combo do anything? I'm sure there are better pokemon for it, but drought ninetails with heat-rock or a scarf to hit a will-o-wisp before it goes down, and chloraphyl Leafeon with leafblade and assault vest.  Or those gems or whatever that lower the damage of super effective moves?  I don't battle. I'm just a curious dumbass.
Wanna piss off an Urshifu user? Bright Powder proc.
Me personally if wolfey played fornite he would have no problem with urshifu being a part of the Pokémon meta game. From experience I would use and get killed by mythic weapons so me personally I’m happy where urshifu is right now because I love hyper offense. I would rather play in a meta where Pokémon destroy me fast than have them stall me to death. So a game with urshifu being dominate is no different from my first rodeo in fornite. So I can handle it. It’s still better than playing gen 2 in showdown where it would take me and my opponent 50 turns to win a match.
It works as a competitive game because of the degree of variance, it promotes innovation whenever applicable and punishes over reliance on established strats. That variance also allows for a good degree of player expression, which cannot be understated how important it is to an ongoing series with a dedicated playerbase.
You see this new Iron Boulder paradox pokemon? It's got a sweet new signature move.
Never forget Wolfey’s first reaction to Urshifu was “I hope this thing’s not legal”
Delete Urshifu. Don't ban it, delete it. Retcon the dang pokédex.
Nah Urshifu is cool
Crazy how you just won regionals vs an urishifu protect 5 days BEFORE this post. This video was really timely. Congratulations
Urshifu’s answer is Regigigas
@WolfeyVGC I kid you not, on like 15 separate occasions, my rough skin + rocky helmet Garchomp has tanked Tera boosted surging strikes and killed the Urshifu with the recoil from max hp. It’s hilarious, like watching someones pet bear slam it’s head into a cactus repeatedly
Magic coat😡💀
what do you think about a team of protect breakers, i was able find 5, Urshifu, Hoopa-Unbound, Giratina, Iron Boulder, Dudunsparce
Okay, I think Urshifu is a really cool pokemon, but it should NOT be legal when it’s MORE BORKEN THAN INCINEROAR
Only move is fling
“Theres too much going on”   Me a dota 2 player 😅
Turnädäs...i feel itchy
Palworld. Aaww ur dirty company is mad?
I actually like the fact that it breaks through protect . People use that move as a crutch .it only sucks that there aren't more pokemon or moves that can break through gaurd. Personally id make it so that all moves with base 100 or more power and crits can at least do half damage if protect is used. But where not ready for that.  😅😅😅
Feint and Phantom Force can also hit through Protect.
2:35 Getting over 9 million sales from the exact same game you sold 2 years before, is the kind of failure I want.
I hate Urshifu so much, it makes competitive games actually not fun. I hate Sword and Shield partly because of Urshifu being introduced.
I don't VGC, but I seems like the best answer to Ursifu is to just ban them from tournaments. If every team needs to have one to have a shot at winning, how is that fun? It doesn't exactly support the whole "any pokemon can be the best!" ideals pokemon has since the beginning does it?
Honestly I think the only nerf Urshifu got was its nerf to its moves animation. Wicked Blow just seeing Urshifu coming at you with this power strike and the target getting pushed from the impact was clean, now its just a light jab.  And hell Surging strikes seeing Urshifu doing all this kick ass moves while water coming out of the swipes was sick now, it feels... Flat.
Raikouwith air balloon 🎈/Landorus with Choice Scarf 🧣 is insane against urshifu, if you lead them you can turn 1 earthquake and Tera electric discharge, the discharge will one shot urshifu every time so it can only swap or detect to stall both being terrible options, and lando earthquake usually clears the other mon
Lmao I love how you won with it
I miss having drapion with battle armor to counter urshifu. That and gastroodob were my only counter play in sword and shield
My guess is next gen unseen fist will be a once a battle ability
I find it funny how people are always talking about game balance. Also, for some reason, I mostly hear about these complaints about game balance from America. It's also ironic that this video is referring to Pokemon which is a game made by a company in Japan. The irony comes from the history between America and Japan, and how America had dropped two atomic bombs on Japan during WW2 which obviously would be similar to an overpowering move and totally ruined the "balance" in the game of war. But it's because of this overpoweredness that had existed in the past in Japan's history that it doesn't surprise me if a Japanese video game were to have an overpowering mechanic that unbalances the integrity of the game. "All is fair in love and war" as the proverb goes. Grant it, this is a Pokemon battle competition that we're talking about, but technically, there is no difference. One scenario just as rules, while the other one doesn't. To me, a game is less fun if there are too many rules involved that would cause the possible actions that can be taken very limited and restricting.  The ending in this video doesn't seem to be about game balance. It seems like it's actually about boredness and frustation. The complexity of whether or not a game is considered fun isn't because of balance and fairness. The fun of a game is actually based on the liberties and choices that are possible within it. But all of this turns into a negative aspect when competition is involved because all these freedoms that we have to make the game fun needs be restricted and limited for the purpose of "balance". The outcome of these limitations and restrictions won't please everyone, even if they were made for the purpose of balancing the game. Regardless if it's love, war or a competition, more than likely there will be someone who is going to be unhappy about it, even if it was balanced and fair. And the only exception to this would be if someone was carefree and beared no grudges or resentfulness to a loss, which would also mean that their emotions are liberated. Game balance is really finding the proper counterbalance between freedom, which involves the lack of limitations and restrictions, and liberty, which involves the regulations of limitations and restrictions. And that is why this topic about having a "fun competition" is humorous to me... I feel like this video isn't really about talking about game balance at all, but rather about the bitterness that comes from losing a "fair and balanced" game...
Let’s see how well it does against Raging Bolt with choice specs thunder clap once it’s legal
Stoooopppp I can’t… this is ironically the Pokémon that got all of your buddies thrown out of Japan. Every single generation of Pokémon has 1 that was on 80% or more of worlds teams. Yes it’s over-centralizing but come on so was Lando. So was kyogre and growdon who were on more teams collectively. This is only an issue because Japan called you guys out for hacking. Proper counter play and prediction with a bit of luck has/was/and will always be the answer. Like always
And that's why i run a Chi-Yu Tera grass with Tera Blast.
I personally felt like it was extremely difficult to enjoy learning competitive Pokemon in the Urshifu format
Few years ago I hopped on smogon for the first time in forever. Got triple crit through protect, closed smogon, and thought to myself that I was right for having retired from comp pokemon lol
is the final nail in the koffingi see what you did there
Why unseen fist doesn't do like 1/4 of damage if hits through a protection? Like Parental Bond that was nerfed in this way
Waiti... Am i wrong or there Is a Song from Bakugan game for PS2?
No, Urshifu is not ruining the game because not everyone plays competitive.
I hate urshifu. It’s a humanoid digimon design, and it has everything a spam-mon needs. It’s got high damage, good bulk, a priority move, and can hit through protect.  Edit: I forgot the always-crit
Baddy Bad is the GOAT Pokemon move
Sorry, but hard disagree on protect being useful. I used to play competitively agianst roommates and locals in my area, and you could basically predict who would win or lose  based on if they used protect at all. They usually lost. Against me at least, or those who played like me.  A good player is more tactical with their choices, which is why you are able to find balance in the game at all for competitive play. The trick is to play initiative style with flinching the opponent and forcing initiative through move sets or speed boosts. It takes it from being purely steamroller vs protected play styles, and forces those players to start thinking about how to get around the trickery of initiative.   And since you don't need super powerful moves to play initiative style, you can just sit there and torture the oppponent with small hits and tick damage from leech seed and etc. You simply just keep 1 move on each that is the power move for when you need a big hit that should get through most defenses. For me, it was Scizor with bullet punch as a double whammy for that front. Manipulates initiative and its pretty strong.  So you go in with Scizor already with a high speed to ensure likelihood to move first, and then use bullet punch to ensure that first move, and then the second. And third. And this just continues until some pokemon subverts the pattern, swap out scizor for a pokemon that subverts that one, delete it; and then repeat the cycle with scizor.   It's not fool proof, but it certainly sorts the wheat from the chaff.
I don’t know, a chess piece (even a knight) having two turns to move is way more powerful than a queen. You could check into checkmate
3:35 wait, wasn't Gamefreak first attempt at ignoring protect, was in the diamond, pearl and platinum series, with Giratina's signature move shadow force????
BRO THE BAKUGAN BG MUSIC MID VIDEO MADE MY JAW DROP </333 NOSTALGIA AFFF
Competitive Pokemon lol!
Perhaps the problem isn't the one new Pokemon that is pretty powerful that's shaking things up the past few months, but the single move that eats up more move slots than any other move by a mile which has forced the entire game in all formats to revolve around it since it was introduced 25 years ago with no exceptions. Urshifu is Game Freak's latest effort saying "It would really be nice if most Pokemon didn't only effectively have three moves and Intimidate wasn't so powerful that every top team runs it".  Protect never should have been an all-or-nothing move, it causes the same problem it's arguably trying to solve: It makes games pivot way too much on a few high-stakes hard reads. The type weakness/resistance system was always intended to be the means of rewarding/punishing anticipation of your opponent, but it is *quantitative* rewards - extra or less damage - not typically qualitative (all or nothing), with a few very narrow cases. Protect is a 25-year-old bandaid from when they were taking a balanced-for-singles game and trying to figure out how to simplify it so that it didn't completely break with doubles; it's long past time to grow doubles beyond that. The question is, how many things have to break Protect before the top players find it beneficial to leave the safety blanket behind? Apparently, still more than Urshifu.
I’m surprised you didn’t mention the proliferation of max airstream in gen 8 as counter play to urshifu
Something I've liked about other "problem" videos you've made is offering creative solutions to those problems that Gamefreak could eventually implement. This one comes across more as a well informed complaint video ending with "look I'll live with it, but I really wish he just got banned or did not exist"
Here is a counter I came with:   battle armor perrserker, with fake out and terra blast, terra grass.  Combined with a neutralising gaz coffing with dazzling gleam and protect  Make that bear unusable.
Drops this video then wins regional with Urshifu 2 days later...vintage Wolfey
The only counter to urshifu I found was Toucanon's beak blast
Simply use Grass Knot with Landorus (Avatar Form) with Scarf and done. Keep in mind that the enemy's Urshifu might have Scarf too, in that case you can leave xD, but in most battles this tactic worked for me.
this looks alot like palworld, maybe try to be original next time
Never played Pokemon, still interesting.
So basically if you're gonna use Urshifu and not be an unfair little bitch, use Single Strike.  Already been knew.
"The first time with 7 years ago was ultra sun and moon, and their unique z move mechanic."  Feint:... I didn't know I was coming here just to get disrespected.  Lol
Galarian Weezing with Protect I assume has been tried as a counter
If pokemon dosent work for competitive then everyone should fear yugioh competitive
competitive pokemon hitting yugioh levels of power creep. haha
you can use whimsicott with prankster and worry seed so u can change it's ability to insomia
Game freak nerfed greninjas ability to the ground and sheninja just gives it a attack boost
They actually put gacha-ass premium p2w power creep into fucking Pokemon this company is a joke
just play palworld
I know yugioh is very similar to those that know this I’ve been there since the beginning and I’ve seen only business controls the “Fun” out of it… I no longer play online and honestly gen1-5 are really where you see them trying then like I’ve said now Palworld is a threat to gamefreak
Honestly Venusaur  is probably the best check resists both stabs and has the HP and defense to live and run something like toxic to get around protect.
I once got to Master Rank with Urshifu in about 7 battles. I then realized I forgot to bottle cap its attack stat
I have the perfect/interesting counter to urshifu; trevenant, not only does it have the best type for dealing with rapid strike, not only does it get access to trick room, not only does it get drain punch but it gets the move trick, the new item punching gloves not only pairs great with drain punch, but the punching gloves prevents the user from making contact, while you think that the punching gloves are great for urshifu because it boots both wicked blow and surging strikes, but no contact means no unseen fist which means you can protect around urshifu, problem solved.
Bro what did Spidops do to deserve this slander
No
Play Palworld.
It's one of my favorite Pokémon ever so I genuinely don't know whether to be glad or sad seeing how annoyingly strong he is. 😭
Wolfey been silence since palworld released
Hoopa with Hyper space hole and Hyper space fury in gen 6: 😐
archaludon walls urshifu in my experience
Sleep is banned now in ou
I still can't believe they gave Urshifu a BUFF going to gen 9 (Learns Swords Dance now)
Ironically, Urshifu was designed to beat Max Guard! G-Max Urshifu hits through Max Guard with G-Max One Blow/Rapid Flow. It's just that it was better to use dynamax on another pokemon and take advantage of Urshifu being good enough without Dynamax. I cant help but feel like both D and G Max Urshifu were underexplored, considering how important stalling out Max turns with protect was. Understandable though, since you completely lose out on the crit effect when maxed or rain boost of Max Geyser when gmaxed.
I kinda missed a mention of sinistcha in this video ngl
Sounds like skill issues 😂
What about detect when u talking about moves like protect
Can't Weezing stop it?
3:19 forgot burning bulwark
Using the Bakugan Battle Brawlers game's field theme as background music is completely based. 😎👍
Yes it does and yes all of you deserve it
I do wonder how much Raging Bolt was made to SPECIFIALLY counter Urshifu-Rapid. Like it's pretty much perfectly designed to, at least if it has Sun or Beads of Ruin supporting it
Urshifu just gets to ignore a key component of Doubles, and combined with that hag Flutter Mane, Gen 9 just feels so suffocating. And it's not even just one Urshifu, it's the also the fact that TWO of them exist and you won't be able to tell which one is which until it's sent out on the field. I sincerely hope Urshifu takes a vacation for Gen 10.
On one hand, yes it’s busted. But on the other hand, getting a rocky helmet switch-in into an opponents surging strikes, and watching their  Urshifu cancel its own subscription to life one hit at a time is a priceless gift that I would really miss if I never got to experience that again. 😂
Pokémon works as a competitive game because 1. There is a huge casual audience that supports it, so the game is not dependent on the competitive aide to thrive 2. The rules are not enforced ingame, but by the competitors, so no need to mess up little Timmy's setup for beating the Elite 4 3. The game is flexible enough to allow all sorts of strategies to work, so there is no "You must play this exact way to win", and even if these strats are found, since the rules are community enforced, it's easy to correct the rules to avoid it.
Uh, can't pokemon competitions like...ban Urshifu? Bam, problem solved, lots of mons get banned for being too strong, why isn't Urshifu the case?
I’m trying to learn VGC rn - does Weezing and its neutralising gas stop urshifu?
Another reason why Gen 8 was awful. I thought I was safe from this in Gen 9. But now I have to create my own evil that uses their rain for my benefit as well.  Thank you Swift Swim Archeludon
In Pokemon unite Urshifu was nerfed to oblivion, nobody is afraid of him right now. I don't know about the rest of the other Pokemon games
was there ever a mon that was exclusive to say the third game in a gen emerald, platnum, etc?  i would say that is also then pay to win whether it was a "meta" mon or not
Would running a Koffing be a worthwhile counter or is it terrible in the current meta?
Yes, before even watching the video the answer has to be yes
they should hit Unseen Fist with the same nerf as Gale Wings, only works at full health. Or perhaps only works on the first attack
"It's broken! Don't believe me?" proceeds to win another tournament using the pokemon he is talking about. Wolfe is a menace.
This guy won the tournament to prove to us how broken urshifu and incin are
Something funny I found out that if Urshifu holds a Punching Glove, it’s ability becomes worthless since all physical moves don’t make contact when the item is held. Yeah it has a boost for punching moves, but it can’t hit through protect anymore.
Paid dlc privileges
no
Competitive isn't just double battles... VGC is just double battles. Smogon format is singles and has regularly organised tournaments with big viewership and prize money.  Gotta say Wolfey, I love your content and I love VGC, but sometimes it feels like you just have a hate boner for single battles...
this Urshifu era is somehow even more exhausting than the Tapu era
anyone who uses urshifu isnt good at the game and is cringe
What about Dragapult, infiltrate
Just need to add a grass type with high defense, rough skin, encore and rage powder
Why are you playing this Palword rip-off
I wonder if competitive Pokémon could take a page from competitive Yo-Kai Watch. In YKW yokai have ranks ranging from E to S, and in competitive play, you're not allowed to just bring all S ranks, out of your six yokai, only two can be S rank, only 2 can be A rank. A possible way of working this into Pokémon could be to give players total base stat limits, where their team cannot surpase a set limit. Maybe also only letting players bring one legendary (including both lesser like Zapdos/ Urshifu and major like Mewtwo/ Zacian). I know this isn't really a fix for Urshifu, but I thought it'd be a neat idea to share.
Poor spidops, buff him
Comfey+Rillaboom could probably either secure a KO or force a Tera. Single Strike gets utterly bodied by Triage Draining Kiss, Rapid Strike gets smacked by two different priority Grass moves, and there's not a thing Tornadus can do to stop it.
What’s worse. This or mega rayquaza
Urshifu is strong only bcz gamefreak wants everyone to buy the dlc
All i learned from this is that wolfey hates spidops
Bro still using that jamie SF6 song, cant blame him
This kind of makes me want to make a Raindance Urshifu team, lol
i feel like the best way to nerf urshifu is to lower the accuracy of its signature moves. this isnt a fix all by any means but it will definitely help alot
Seems like a relatively easy fix though. Just change how its ability works. They have done this before.
holy shit sun and moon was SEVEN YEARS AGO?!?!?!?
I would've preferred an ability that let's it swap between rapid strike and single strike ngl
One small thing they could do would be to make it so that while urshifu can hit through protect, it can’t use it itself.
All i know is he is ruining it for me 😵
A Knight that can move 2 times in a row would be an absolutely ridiculous piece in chess
Iron Boulder: Hello there  Edit: Yes, I know that it only applies to Mighty Cleave, and therefore, Boulder won't be nearly as ridiculous as the Urshifu forms are. Rock is resisted by very common types. It's not going to be on the same level, but it will still be terrifying
aaaand he won the biggest regional of all time with it yup thats the world champ difference
Hell no man y’all got mythical Pokemon now u can’t win em all fam. Urshifu wasn’t the problem til now all of sudden.
burn urshifu?
Did he just end the video with final nail in the Koffing to secretly give people the necessary counter play?
Urshifu is an invasive species
now i may be wrong BUT ,  is the music used during 13:06 form a bakugun video game , in particular the water arena , i was hooked to that game as a child and have both the ds and wii version. if im right then that make me very happy
use weezing
The only thing that can stop Urshifu…. The ultimate technique…. ALLY SWITCH
CompetAtive :)
Urshifu became one of my favorite pokemon, kung fu bear.
Bring 👏 back 👏 lucky 👏 chant Or at least give a Pokemon the ability to stop crits/effects of attacks
He just got a big regeniol win with this beast
Basically: bring Ferrothorn back
Would you say the same about mega Gengar? It has similar traits as it stops a key part of the mechanics of the game- switching. You can easily put players in lose-lose situations that way. If mega Gengar would've still existed would it be similar?
Competitive pokemon shouldn't be a thing. Change my mind
Part of the reason why I like iron crown psy spam rn. Really good into torn urshifu.
Based Great Ace Attorney music
Vgc Will never be balanced, I like It for fun, but when i really want to play a balanced, competitive Game , i play with smogon rules, both in showdown and console. Game freak should really think about patching
What would be good is an Pokémon that has an Fieldwide Moldbreaker which negates all Abilities of Pokemon on the Field.  Even then, there are also already existing Moves that negate an Targets Ability
To put into perspective how ridiculous Unseen Fist is, let's compare it with Z-Moves and Max Moves. Zs usually ranged between 180 - 200 BP whereas Max Moves were somewhere around 160. If those moves hit through protect, they'd be doing 45 - 50 BP and 40 BP respectively. Urshifu's main moves, meanwhile, hit for 120 and 112 BP respectively.
I'm surprised people don't aggressively and randomly use thunderbolt on it like with gen 7's kartana days.
A single pokemon warping the metagame around it due to its synergy with the top mons and its own merits, sounds like Goldengo in singles at the moment.
Kinda interesting how urshifu is the brawl meta knight to lando t's melee fox. Why is Nintendo like this?
It’s funny that Wolfe released this the day he won a Tournament using Urshifu Rapid Strike
Urshifu makes the game more fast pace and breaks stall teams, so no it’s not ruining Pokemon.
Closer pun is perfection
Ok so in short yeah Urshifu is ruining VGC
I know this is a bit off topic for the video, but in one of your videos reviewing your tournaments, you said something about seeing your opponents team sheets. I assume this means you can see what pokemon they are using, but what else can you see? Can you see move sets? Abilities? Stats?
While not as strong as Storm Drain, what about any of the Water Absorb Pokemon as checks to Urushifu like Ogerpon or Clodsire?
Don't burns halve even critical hit damage?
Then why did you use urshifu to win the most recent tournament
As described here, I see Urshifu in the same way I saw Shaq and Stephen Curry in basketball.  Shaq was so big and so strong, there was no real counter. As long as he got the ball, he could back everyone in the league down and shoot a very easy shot or get a dunk. If you triple teamed him, that leaves 1 or 2 other competent NBA players with a really easy shot (kinda like invalidating Protect even for Urshifu's teammates).  Curry broke basketball by making a defense defend from half court. That stretches the defense in a way that present day defenses couldn't adapt to. Both players led their teams to multiple championships and were considered modern day dynasties based around their gamebreaking talents.  Urshifu, however, was just created. That's a design error that seems to need adjusting.
I know this is off topic but… your background music at 8:18 hits nostalgia hard for me. It’s from one of my favorite wii games from my childhood. Bakugan Battle Brawlers. Idk if this music was used in any other game but that’s the one that instantly came to my mind. Nice music choices!
Missed an opportunity to say “IT JUST WORKS!” ):
They honestly just need to start MASSIVELY changing what gets to be played. Urshifu 100% just doesn’t belong in any competitive scene except for Swird and Shield. Paradox Pokémon are super sick and DID change the meta in a good way, pokemon home meta made me hate playing competitively 😕 Like all they have to do is create a new format with new restrictions/bans to make it more interesting and require players to adapt better! Side note: they could totally rework Urshifu to make him function properly in SV which sure would make people cry about it but would still be overall healthier for the game
Ah, I look forward to Gen 10 where we now not only get to wonder if we'll get Incineroared but also if we'll get Urshifued
Using Yakuza music is the icing on the cake for this video
3:19 That Spidops shade was entirely unnecessary as Spidops has never seen the light of day in competitive.
Rapid-strike Urshifu being guaranteed a crit through Protect is a gimmick too many. Break Protect? Okay. Guaranteed crit? Less okay, but still okay. But both? Too much. You gotta outspeed and OHKO and that's basically all you can do.
I wouldn't be surprised if they nerf unseen fist eventually. If they made it do 50% or 25% of it's damage, it would probably be more reasonable. I'd say 50% so it doesn't feel like you are wasting the ability slot.😊
You mentioned gastrodon and said it couldn’t work because close combat. But I think if you Tera into ghost then……urshifu cry’s in a corner, you might be thinking “what about the partner?” *flutter* *mane*
B.S. video, 1 min 45 secs wasted, please return them to me
The framing of "pay 30 dollars" feels a bit disingenuous.   Obviously theres a large investment for competitive pokemon, as the suite of games(and now DLC aswell) required for obtaining ALL  pokemon.   The issues i have with competitive pokemon outside of showdown is precisely due to the bloat of possibilities and the price tag(s) associated.  Not to mention event only mons that, if you dont have the money to travel, then you can never 'legally' be obtained
Eh this kind of hits me because I think since the start of reg D I was gradually losing interest in the game. Now I am completly off and just check results and videos from time to time. Many mons they brought back create such a lopsided environment and just don't feel fun or interactive to build with or face. Just think how much bigger the game would be if HOME introduction didn't happen as it did, limiting access to mons and absolutely overwriting the meta. There has to be many more players like me that just got sick of it.
All they have to do to nerf Urshifu is to add a line to it's ability that says "This pokemon cannot use protective moves" so it get's a taste of it's own medicine, keeping Urshifu viable but allowing for more counterplay
A knight that can move twice a turn is definitely stronger than a queen😂
"it does" lmao
**Proceeds to win a Regional with Urshifu XD
Oh definitely not on board, screw Protect and such.  All for more moves / abilities that pierce it and help break up stuff like Sub Protect.  Urshifu is busted regardless is the issue  Fine with Surging Strikes too as F Intimidate, ok with decreasing base power a bit.  Again, not that big a deal if not for Urshifu or another busted condition in Rain
Palworld ruined this game, it’ll take Pokémon years to catch up. They kept fucking around holding control of this genres market. It’s honestly too bad.
How is a Pokémon with the capability to one shot almost any pokemon in the game regardless if they protect or not and with a choice scarf or band like? Yes he’s breaking the game every single pokemon you choose in team building has to consider urshifu! Competitive will always have a “meta” burn when that meta is two pokemon and everyone uses it you HAVE to consider them and their typing when team building. Not to mention signature move hits multiple times so no help from a sash and now that he can Tera water for double stab in the best defensive type in the game 😂😂😂😂😂 he should’ve never been aloud outside of a dynamax format this pokemon is a joke in SV.
Congrats on winning yesterday champ
Screamed at the puss in boots last wish cameo, one of the most frightening animated kids movie villains I've ever seen
15:55  What if  Gastrodon evolved, and was therefore able to benefit from Eviolite
Glass cannon tbh
Funny how he won a tournament perfectly encapsulating everything he said in this video right after releasing it
I despise Urshifu so much that I took a break from competitve altogether shortly after it was reintroduced into the game with the Home update...
if you ask me all recent pokemos ruin the game they are to basic and dead in imagination prime example flamigo
It does make the game way more boring, that is for sure.
palworld
You made this in response to yesterdays tournament regional
My best counter was a follow me and use a terra electric dragalge thunderbolt to oh ko it, it doesn't work all the time but has about a 70% to work due to focus sash or fake out
Congrats on your regional Wolfey
Pokemon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon aren't sequels, but reimagine of the same game with twists and new gimmick mini-games, which is why it failed compared to true sequels such as Pokemon Black2 and White2
and people wonder why smogon bans are useful
Pokemon should remove protect, to make urshifu not broken ;p
Nice work ! My brain scatter in two when i heard the blanka theme from sf6  with pokemon informations XD
pokemon is trying their best to speed up the game, double battle take too long
BRING BACK THE MOVE LUCKY CHANT, GAME FREAK.  If they keep adding these guarantee crit moves then Lucky Chant has to come back.
Rip sleep moves and rip amoongus
I agree, I love Urshifu, the design, the details and even the fact that he breaks the protect, but deep down it's true. It's very frustrating to create a team to have fun and always have to worry about: "What if I face an urshifu, how do I do it?". It's true that I don't play competitively, I just rank for fun, but it's boring :). Very good videos and good luck with the tournaments.
He tried to warn us all
What is this, a pal world rip off?
Great video and congrats on the win man that was awesome!!
Bro posts a video about Urshifu and then the next day he proceeds to win the largest regionals of all time with it, actual GOAT
The next day, Wolfey wins the biggest tournament ever (so far) with Urshifu on his team.
Raging Bolt waiting around the corner of urshifu’s dojo: 😏⚡️👏
Would battle/shell armor be a decent answer? By not allowing urshifu to crit that helps manage a lot of it circumventing stat reduction. Iron barbs/rough skin with a rocky helmet would also be pretty punishing but would almost have to be a hard read switch in
Congrats on the regional win today! It was a well played battle on both sides!
I feel they should either make its attacks deal half damage when hitting through protect, or allow the secondary effect of protect moves like spiky shield still do chip damage if broken through.
Raging Bolt feels like a soft counter to urshifu
I aspire to be as devious as the guy who ran mono water with dark urshifu
is that music i hear Aquos arena from bakugan battle brawlers wii? 😭
I really love that he post this video and then a day later wins Charlotte regional using Urshifu
Congrats on the regional wolfe!!!
Anyone remember before urshifu when wolf said he wishes Keldeo was legal cause he wanted a good water and fighting type
Literally the most chad move ever to release this just before winning the biggest tournament ever with Urshifu, proof this mon needs to be nerfed!
The discount code ain’t working…😢
Gen 10 will introduce a Pokemon that can your entire team in 1 hit delete your account delete Pokemon from your switch and burn your switch to balance the game and have passive ability to marry your crush just to rub it on your face
To think there are over 1000 pokemon, but it only takes one to break the game... terrifying.
they should make protect a move that any pokemon can use instead of attacking, not taking a slot either
where you gonna go when you die? heaven or hell. do  You choose Satan or Jesus christ. Trust and believe in Jesus Christ  and you will have eternal life. Reject him and the consequences are very bad. Choose wisely isn't ay joke. You find that out very soon.
Just run maushold.
After watching the most recent regional all I can say man, I am so sick of this fucking bear
Is there a reason why Regieleki isnt a hard answer to it?
Urshifu in VGC- Ruins the game. Urshifu in TCG- Ruined the game until we got a new Bench Barrier in Manaphy.  RS Urshifu VMAX had an attack that could deal 120 damage to two Pokemon for two energy attachments, which includes Pokemon on the bench.  Until Manaphy's release, RS Urshifu VMax made single-prize decks unplayable and we were in a rock-paper-scissors format for quite a while.  Oh did I say just single-prize decks?  With the tool Telescopic Sight, it could hit benched Pokemon V for an extra 30 damage.
Congrats on your win
Adding insult to injury, Urshifu's design is not legendary tier. It's bland-looking and has *some* cool factor but it looks like a humdrum pretty-strong fighting pokemon, not ... a legendary, and definitely not one that is this insanely broken.  It really does feel like an entirely other game invading pokemon a little bit.
Its hilarious that one of the main reasons vgc is so boring was easily explained by one of the main channels promoting vgc lmao a meta game should not depend on ONE centralizing aspect, that just makes it predictable and kills creativeness
I don’t like this type of game-breaking mechanic, especially one as core as protect. I hope mighty cleave is not distributed further, especially with that accuracy, power and type.
Any Pokémon with a 3 hit insta crit stab move is ruining the game yah even with lucky chant or battle/shell armor that thing is stupid obnoxious they lost sense at balance this gen
Congratz on another regional
"Hold my beer while me and Urshifu win a regional to demonstrate."
They could nerf Unseen Fist by making Urshifu unable to use protect. Would this be good?
In the end you said the game is not "ruined" but I do believe knowing all we know and all you informed us of; as the title says.... Yes, Urshifu is a problem that may be actively "ruinING" the game. Even with the small counter-plays you can use around it, that's a lot of commitment to your team going into an event where you might not experience that much Urshifu nonsense; and while those counter-plays are still generally good in competitive play - you should never have to play around ONE (two, technically I suppose) SINGULAR POKEMON when we have over 1000 options  (realistically we do not have over 1000 options, I am aware, due to baby Pokemon versus fully evolved and whatnot but the point stands - don't come for me on that note lol)
I know it’s probably be hell, but I’d actually be morbidly super-curious as to what the meta looks like if you massively restrict Protect access.  Like, cloyster? That thing is all shell, you can keep protect. But flutter mane? What the hell are you doing - cover yourself with your big fleshy flaps? That’s not protection!  I assume it’d be awful overall, but I still just want to see what happens! Only like 10 Pokémon can learn protect in this game? Maybe cloyster is somehow top tier because nothing else can just… avoid damage???
“I won the biggest tournament in Pokémon history 2: electric boogaloo”  *Coming Soon*
WCD baby
Congrats on regional championships!
Palworld is king! 👑
All i want is for unseen fist to do 1/2 damage through protect. That makes urshifu still really good but is a significant nerf
So... what you're saying is that Urshifu is an invasive species.
"and yet, it does" n't
This is a two fold problem the power creep in Pokemon in general and the gimmicks that come out every few years. Gamefreak needs to figure out a solution to these somehow
I think that using endure would work because you would yake the three hits and sit at one hp. The issue is chip damage. Also does wonderguard work?
Question: What happens with Gouging Fire? It's Fire Dragon type, so it takes neutral damge from Urshifu, and its signature move is basically protect but it burns you on contact (no idea if it just happens once, or if it accumulates); so basically, Urshifu hits it, and not only doesn't do as much damage as would've been prefered, but also gets burned, making it more vulnerable to other attacks, maybe Amoonguss', for example. Also, aside from obviously Amoonguss, you could pair it with Gastrodon, to increase your survivability.
Urshifu and Ogrepon's abilities and moves really made up for having lower base stats than other legendary mascots.
USUM isn't a sequel, it's an enhanced version ala Blue (JP), Yellow, Crystal, Emerald, and Platinum
Try Azumaril. Resists both forms stabs and take advantage of rain. Also one shots both
Bro what’s with the spidops hate. He’s my favorite new mon :(
Bro i haven't heard that Bakugan music in years
Wolfey you forgot to mention feint, the meta defining 30 bp normal type move
Hi, I play VGC since VGC 15, and I reeeeeaaally loved the 16 (best meta we ever had), since then every metagame became very tedious (for example 17 and 18 with very low damage option for the first and Inci being annoying in the second and even till today). Till today many pokemon were nerfed especially MKanga (rip my beloved mega) and Talonflame( rip most beatiful first route bird), so maybe Urshi too will be nerfed but honestly I don't dislike him. I love being finally able to ignore Inci, i love how he deals with bulky builds. But hey this is just my opinion hope everyone can enjoy the VGC in the future with or without Urshi
This but for Steve in Smash Bros
Honestly, whose bright idea was it to not nerf the Pomemon designed for Dynamax after removing Dynamax?
FALCON PUUUUUNCH!
Top player in the world loses a game once:
Who’s needs Pokémon when u have palworld
would the game stagnate if there isn't pokemon like urshifu? like you have said. a lot of players tend to use protect a lot. i am not an expert on competitive pokemon. i just find the whole thing irritating. one it can cause a lot of stress if your not use to it or hate loosing, and bring out the worst in you. two since charizard has been reciving hate, i stated to hate being part of ANY community. i can understand that some people can get tired of seeing charizard everywere, and they want to have THIER favorite pokemon be more popular or well cared for. but, i can't even mention charmander, charmeleon, or charizard without SOMEONE going on a fricking charizard is too popular rant! i just want to like my dam fire lizard without some butthurt asshole pissing on my cheerios just because he has a hate boner for the pokemon.
"Because of competitive pokemon being entirely double battles" aight cheif Imma stop you right there
How do you recommend getting into the Pokémon competitive
I stopped watching VGC content about tournaments once it became clear Urshifu was going to be in basically every game. I don't play myself, but outside of these side content pieces, I'm just not interested until it's gone. Hopefully next gen....
If you’re a VGC player you should have had your Urshifu from SWSH already so the $30 argument falls apart. Unless you just happened to start playing in SV, which I guess it’s not too much people
I think Wolfe just hates Bipedal pokemon.
I think it's absolutely ridiculous that the Pokemon that can hit through Protect with all of its best moves is also capable of using Protect/Detect itself.
Why is death of puss and boots everywhere, even in this Pokemon video xD.
I genuinely think raging bolt was made purely as a tornurshifu counter
I remember dusk Lycanroc was also problematic because it had the insanely busted Tough claws ability which boosted all contact attacks by a great chunk, combined with accel rock and sword dance you had a insane team sweeper.
The only counter I've found for Urshifu is to use fake out with one pokemon and hope your other isn't killed that same turn and can get the KO
I also tend to use iron bundle modest ( still speed as highest stat) iron bundle to KO, it, usually ogerpom water to force the attack on it, and maybe thundurus to scary face/ thunderwave a pokemon beside tornadus
From a spectators point of view i love Urshifu being here to speed up the game at time since it can be a drag having to watch so many turns of nothinf happing dude to protect.
The discount code for the video sponsor doesn’t work :(
Really making me want to use Rapid Strike Urshifu
I feel like they should nerf unseen fist by reducing the damage by 75%.  Or have it be reduced by 50% but have recoil damage.
Can't wait for the Low Power regulation which may restrict Pokemon based on usage like they did with one season of Sw/ Sh.   The bear and preparing to counter it has been horribly centralizing in a way not even your personal bugbear Incineroar is :P  EDIT: Wolfey, you sure make these things seem even more unbalanced than they already are.  GGs on Charlotte. Brilliant play
The consistency of his presence on every team winning should be a automatic ban
Hey Wolfey This maybe out of nowhere but I saw you at the Charlotte regionals yesterday and I would said hi but I chickened out.  Also yesterday at night I watched this video and it is good.  I have thought of a plan of using (male) Meowstic with prankster and skill swap so It could remove Urshifu's ability but I realized about the other aspects by typing this message so I'll see how I can work around it.  P.S. I'll see on stream of the day two, Thanks and have fun. :)
Next gen they will balance it by introducing a bulky water type with anger point and a way to redirect attacks
Can you take a look at my competitive team?
wym it shouldn't work, is not even the most complex esport?
Yes urshifu is a broke back mountain boi and he is gay i refuse to use him and i always win against him but most likely i lose the game thats how broken he is
Really? You’re talking about Urshifu counters and you didn’t mention Weezing?
Some urshifu trainers were clueless against weezing
Urshifu being one of the strongest pokemon is canon
bro thinks hes whitebeard in the tn
i think pokemon is focusing too hard on the competetive meta with their design, something like unseen fist would be near useless in a singleplayer playthrough. personally the older gens of competetive were so interesting because you were using the pokemon that you would use to fight gym leaders or the elite four, and not some custom made super weapon that was made for a mode that wasn't ever really considered in the design choices of the games
Garchomp , drifblim can also offset  it....wheezing, mm idk about Vileplume oh there's always...fluttermane but yeaaaah it is op to break protect like that
It's the fact that wolfey made a video of urshifu before incineroar this year that does it for me
The way I would nerf Urshifu would be to make their signature moves only Crit once per turn, and Unseen Fist only working for the first contacting attack chosen after switching. This would mainly nerf just Urshifu water while leaving Urshifu dark relatively untouched.
1:35 PERFECTLY sums up the meta of competitive YGO.
Today starts my campaign of commenting on every WolfeyVGC video until he starts a series where he gets to Masterball rank with a team composed entirely of the same generation!  Starting with Generation 1 and working all the way through current!
Or just hear me out, ban urshifu from competitive play
iron boulder mighty cleave also goes through protect
How many times 'Urshifu' has been said in this video?
in my opinion, Pokemon should consider more regular balance changes, than just "doing some Patch notes with the new Game Release" - This would make Pokemon Competitive more exciting I guess
Wolfey is the very best, like no one ever was! In VGC he wins them all, from Players Cup to Worlds! He has fans across the land, cheering by his side! Use Wolfey Blast to understand the power that’s inside!! WOLFEY GLICK! USE WOLFEY BLAST! (The best is he) HE WINS ALL THE VGC! WOLFEY BLAST! (Ooh we are the fans) OF THE BEST WIDEO MAN! WOLFEY GLICK! USE WOLFEY BLAST! (A trainer so true) HAS WIDEOS ON YOUTUBE! HAS THE WORLD CHAMP DIFFERENCE TOO! WOLFEY GLICK! USE WOLFEY BLAST (Use Wolfey blast) WOLFEY GLICK!
competitive pokemon chess with kangashorses, pawns who promote into bishops by taking other pawns and rooks that use protect every other turn becoming unkillable
100% what I feel and goes into my mind every time I played this fucking dreckspokemon-.- so pretty much every game-.- as I ended up playing last regional with 0 protect just because of this broken dreckspokemon-.- no counterplay, you cannot do anything other than getting destroyed for no fair reason-.- really nice that you did this accurate summary.
We need that monopoly looking jellyfish to make a return, he would be our only hope against urshifu rapid strike!
Nintendo legit does not care about what fans want 90% of the time lol this is very on brand
If there is any Mon that ruins the competitive edge for me, its Dondozo
19:03 Is that the proper way to pronounce Tornadus? I've always pronounced it as "Tor-nay-dus", not "Tor-naah-dus"
I totally agree... This Pokémon just broke the game. It's literally pay to win...
Not ruining, but there's nothing competitive about Urshifu
Loved the pun you snuck in at the end. Also, great video. I learned a lot. I know it might be daunting, but would you mind doing a video about speed control? I generally build a team based on Tailwind, but I have no idea how to play against TR teams. I feel like my team is missing something but I can't figure out what. Dedicating a whole 'mon to stopping it brings the same problem that you brought up with Gastrodon trying to counter Urshifu.
What about Paradox Raiku?
Iron boulder+urshifu combo go brrrrr
A Pokemon that counters the central mechanic of competitive Pokemon is thankfully stopped by the central mechanic of the generation it was in gets allowed in a generation *without* the thing which stops it from wrecking everything. I swear i should have a second penny, but I don't know if it arrived.
Now there are archaludon and raging bolt to stop shifu
let's not forget that if you manage ti burn it, it becomes severely nerfed since it's the olny thing that crits don't ignore
Thank goodness for dynmax, we are saved from urshifu! *Urshifu gigantamax's* Ahh, thats fine, max guard!! *Uses G-Max rapid flow/one blow which bypasses max guard* Ayo, wtf!!
Bro the song used at the beginning is 🔥(for those asking its pokemon origins champion theme)
Not related but the first minutes explain why pokemon go competitive sucks, it all depends on the first pair
gamefreak balancing is trash
Max Guard protects you against Urshifu’s Unseen Fist!  *Urshifu G-Maxes and hits through Max Guard*  ☠️
I remember when we got a ban-list a while back. Honestly? I'm down for a rotating ban list.
Man I love the editing on this xD
Urshifu: You can’t block me.
*Fun Fact:* In Diamond & Pearl, No Guard had "reverse accuracy" against a Pokémon using Protect, causing the move's initial _miss_ chance to be a chance to bypass it. A move with 80% accuracy would have a 20% chance to hit through Protect, 90% accuracy would hit 10% of the time, etc. Platinum fixed this though, so it was definitely unintended.
Idk why you made such a video Wolfe. Your lord and savior swords dance tropius can help you defeat urshifu if you let him in.
Pokemon's "balance" these past two generations surely gave a big boost to community-based unofficial formats,  and that's despite the (relative) lack of clout of unofficial tournaments and the simulator's basic looks
Raging bolt one shots both tornadus and urshifu. It CAN one shot urshifu before it moves and it doesn't take that much damage from them. It might be just the hero, the answer we all asked and needed.
water urshifu in competitive pokemon 🌝  water urshifu in pokemon unite 🌚
Wolfe you made the perfect counter. Well the Pokémon company did you just used it to great effect. Neutralising gas Weezing
Darkrai was removed from existance but Urshifu makes money hence why they won't bother nerfing it to the ground.
He simultaneously put out a class video, and got day 2 at a regional, without dropping a set
To nerf Urshifu i suggest the removal of Protect and Screens.
Hey that's me
I’ve never understood why people hate on US/UM. I thought that sun and moon were pretty good games with the exception of the tutorial island, and US/UM just improved the base game and added a fuck ton of legendaries. Can anyone explain it to me? I’m not trying to be condescending, I’ve just never understood the opinion yet I hear it everywhere
Gen 10 will introduce a Pokemon with an ability that will negate any and all damage. It will be the immovable object to Urshifu's unstoppable force.
I love the list of moves you gave as examples of moves that make contact. Like, I guarantee you Sucker Punch isn’t hitting through protect for other reasons. :P
Do singles not fall under competitive pokemon?
That puss in boots movie reference was absolutely perfect
My concept for nerfing Urshifu is through its Ability. But instead of reducing its damage when hitting through Protect, I would add the drawback of Stall, which would force Urshifu to move last in its priority bracket when using a contact move. As of writing time, the only physical non-contact moves that Rapid Strike Urshifu can learn are Rock Tomb, Rock Slide, Stone Edge, and Tera Blast.  Thoughts?
outspeeding urshifu is not that hard, the counter is expecting urshifu to attack, water absorb and regileki hard counters urshifu, not to mention tera can counter the water typing if needed, also for urshifu to work he needs speed iv,s so his not that bulky, if you dont use speed iv,s he gets countered by alot, you can counter tailwind by using spread moves like icewind sjen pao + electroweb regileki. and now with the roaring fire you can burn him to half the speed and just 1shot whatever is left. you can tera roaring fire to counter the damage and get the proper iv,s to tank the damage, citrus berry is recommended.
8:50 that's the music from bakugan battle brawlers, right?
I decided to have a go at Showdown the other day, and very quickly learned that Surging Strikes is also capable of breaking a substitute with the first strike, and then still KO'ing with the remaining two. That's stupidly OP
I will say I have always liked urshifu design wise
Protect on ladder is overrated  Gives you so much more utility for other moves
Genuine question: Is Urishufu worse than Dracovish? I feel like Draco has many more counterplay options around and isn't nearly as versatile, yet people still treat it like a nightmare boogeyman when this whole video makes a similar case for a currently legal pokemon
Fuck it. Just add max guard to shuckle as normal move at this point
What if gastrodon terra ghost?
does shell armor or battle armor work?
Urshifu was a mistake, and we have the data to back it up.
can you bring psyduck to a tourney please it’s my favourite pokémon🙏
Just make wicked blow 80% accurate and surging strike not allways crit... both mons would still be strong af but far easier to deal with
Personally i think ursifus, genies and heatran came too early legal on game.
How about neutralizing gas weezing as counter?  It will disable his ability and his fighting moves are ineffective.
12:18 the gyatt that ruins competitive.
Pokemon is pay to win
I've seen a running theme with Sword and Shield legendaries in that they had counterplay in their home games that is no longer relevant in Scarlet and Violet. Urshifu is not the only example; in Singles, Calyrex-Shadow and Regieleki are ubsurdly powerful pokemon -- arguably the strongest ever -- but they had the restriction of getting completely walled by Dark types and Ground types respectively, which kept them in check. But now, will Terastallation, that's no longer the case. You can easily turn Calyrex into a Fairy type, complete with a strong STAB move, and suddenly, you have an unstoppable monster.
I'm sorry kung fu bear is such a problem, but I really like him 😅
Pokemon battles lost all of logical fun when typings didn't determine the types of attacks it could learn
Talon Flame needs to get it's ability reverted or give Urshifu the same nerf for it's ability or restrict it like the cover legendaries.
What about a Pokemon with Shell Armour and high defence like Cloyster, or Hisuian Goodra or something?
And this is why Smogon singles are the real MVP.
I've not laughed as hard as 13:28 in a long time
"...the final nail in the Koffing."
Urshifu gitting through screens has a brand new meaning now
That's why I envy the single players. Having a ban list not for the most used pokemons like gen 8 did, but for busted and unhealthy pokemons.
Thats interesting. As a casual from back in the swsh days, the meta was always tail wind and focus sash/life orb. At least when i played...its hilarious to know i could cause  a little chaos in the ranked world, if i decided to dust off my switch and wake up Bang and Bomb.
I’m so sad for spidops and I’ve ever used him 😭
I'm not good at all with competitive Pokémon, but could a possible play against Urshifu were to use Switcheroo and swap whatever item Urshifu has with something like a Toxic Orb or a Lagging Tail for example, or no?
What about Neutralizing Gas or a fast Skill Swap/Entrainment?  Or how about Worry Seed from a Hisuian Electrode?
Technically Shadow Force was first
That edit of Zacian as Death though 😂
Urshifu single handedly made me stop playing showdown or ingame ladder. Im done with pvp untill this stupid bear is gone
Who made the anime at the start 🤩
I still don't have Ultra Sun/Moon.  To buy an entire copy of a game we already own for DLC? Nah.
Gigantamax urshifu can hit through max guard just sayin
How about something like Gastro Acid or Mold Breaker?
Urshifu in competitive is like that one friend who plays Monopoly too seriously. Suddenly, it's not just a game, it's war
It really seems like the Pokemon Company intentionally made Urshifu overpowered and intentionally disregarded adding counterplay or nerfing Urshifu in SV in order to add an oppressively potent Pay-to-Win element to their game. Urshifu isn't the only one either. Look at Shadow Rider Spectrier. It got STRONGER due to the new mechanic and wasn't nerfed at all. Maybe I've been embittered too much by hearing about what companies like Bethesda, EA, and Activision are doing, but we'll see if TPC manages to dial it back or at least not go down the slippery slope. Let's all hope they don't take inspiration from the card game for a later monetization scheme.
I have nothing to add except for the fact that using the Great Ace Attorney cross examination theme was such a based music choice.
Spidops catching a lot of strays in this one
Bring back Weezing!! Neutralize the ability. Release the spice 🧡🧡 I don’t competitively play, just find your videos super entertaining 🧡
Urshifu stole my identity and burned my family home to the ground
"Is this Pokemon Ruining the Game?" No, it isnt. This pokemon ruins competitive. The game is just fine.
That Zacian edit was gold😂
Should've given this thing Iron Fist if anything  Like it still buffs Urshifu's signature moves by 20%, but at least doesn't let em break Protect
This game and entire franchise is complete garbage I miss Gen 5 wifi battles.
Urshifu the Armor that breaks through any wall
go play palworld better than pokemon
If Protect is so needed in competitive, doesn't that mean the entire system is flawed? If the only way something can work is with this one specific thing, is that something not meant to work how you're trying to make it work? Just because you _can_ use a screwdriver as a hammer doesn't mean you _should_ use a screwdriver as a hammer. Eventually you're going to encounter a piece of wood too hard or a nail too large for that screwdriver to hammer in and your screwdriver is going to break.  And what about attacks that bypass protection? You brought up Feint but neglected to mention Hyper Drill. Even if it's a move only a weak Pokemon can learn, should that not cause problems since GameFreak has already shown they're willing to give these exclusives moves to other Pokemon? Look at Darkest Lariat, which was exclusive to Incinaroar, but was given to others in Gen 8 through a TR. Whose to say Excadrill won't get Hyper Drill at some point in the future. There's also the issue of Mighty Cleave, which is another protection bypasser. There's now 5 or 6 damaging attacks that bypass protection, so this is a concept GameFreak likes to toy with from time to time, so whose to say another one of these attacks won't be added?
If you’re going to give a 130 atk legendary pokemon an auto crit move that hits through protect. At least have the decency to give a good shell armour pokemon follow me! … hisuian goodra…
Hear me out: although this isn’t a big enough nerf in all honesty, urshifus should still be affected by the secondary effects of protect variants. Ie: spikey shield, kings shield, burning bullwark, bane full bunker. Which means when pokemon make a crazy move like burning bullwark, it actually works on ALL pokemon
I had an Urshifu user rage quit when I had my Fluffy Houndstone Trick a flame orb on it, then Last Respects it and the remainder of their team, just when they thought they had it in the bag. There are definitely ways you can combat it, for sure! But it's still cheap as can be. And that's most online players... looking for easy dopamine, I guess.
Remember kids hit the gym and be like urshifu.
Bro got 5 ads 💀💀💀
Out of context: I wonder if he’ll make a video about the new Stellar type.
Spidops caught so many stray hits this video 😂
Yes
Im glad im not crazy. Ive gotten so tired of seeing urshifu on every single team
The first thing I did when I ran across though fights in BBA was to use all my Protect TMs.
Nice Bakugan OST
who cares, palworld is better.
Urshifuuuuu
Honestly Zamazenta's ability should be better
You think you're slick Wolfe Glicke? I hear that Aquos Arena theme (8:20) in your vid. You cant hide it
Editor! I see your choice of music. Hope Jamie gets buffed next patch
For a second I thought this video was about Urshifu being OP has Hell because of Tera Blast being a contact move, so Urshifu could have an answer with a Move of any type that goes through Protect. Thank goodness it's not the case xD
Surging strikes should be fighting type as a nerf
The answer to the question is no. For one, and this is something that has always bugged me alot about Wolf is that VGC is not the only competitive format and has never been. Infact singles is the longest competitive format, not doubles. By idk, 3 generations. And really 4. Second Ursifu for as powerful as it is can still be played around by good players. Easily infact. 99% of Ursifu does not run clear amulet so lowering it's attack nerfs it just as hard as any other physical attacker. Third, protect does not hold VGC together despite what Wolf is saying in this video. He is waaaaaay over playing it in this video. And I hate saying this about my favorite VGC player of all time, but this is such an amateur take on the matter. Is Ursifu extremely threatening? Yes. Is it unbeatable or even unbearable? No, not by a long shot.
So do you hate urshifu or incin more
I hate urshifu sm. Contributes to power creep, looks terrible, too powerful and too overhyped. Gross ass mf
Man if only there was a University that could ban over powered broken Pokémon....welp too bad VGC doubles does not do bans ever.
Before I watch this video. Yes.
Wolfey! I just wanted to say that I absolutely recognized and loved that you used the aquos stadium music from the Bakugan video game. I loved that game when I was younger and the soundtrack too! To see someone I follow their content recognize it is amazing <3
Funny bear go brrrrrr
Idk man urshifu is fun to use and watch,it’s not even annoying to face,unlike incin  It warps the meta around it,it’s consistent and powerful just like flutter but I’d say flutter is stronger and more annoying  Due it being faster and having much more variety   And when I use the thing,it’s great,useful in so many matchups and feels pretty good to use,putting pressure on those damm protect stallers  There’s also ways to stop urshifu as said in the video,iron hands’s bulk,flutter’s and dragapult’s speed,torn,cress,bundle and other’s speed control,as well as more niche picks like ogerpon,the matcha cup etc
Growing up is realizing i was a fool to think Landorus-T and Incineroar being everywhere on VGC was a bad thing and instead realizing that Urshifu sucks.
Doesn't presence of hisuian electrode in the team make it difficult for urshifu or provide better support ? It can always go boom in a 2v2, a format  now where using protect is not as straight forward or simply take away quarter HP while dying to contact move. Considering base stats alone, a choice scarfed Urshifu would still not outspeed an electrode.
I would have to say that in terms of ruining the game more specifically it's not down to one Pokémon or the other it's more so about the power creep and gimmick of the generation making it to where your competitive battles are over as soon as they start because someone just uses the battle gimmick right away and through like a mid-level Pokémon blows away your entire team that would have needed two or three setups to be like reasonably viable and I think that's where the biggest issue lies in the fact that there is such a divide in power now that they either have to release something that's crazy enough to take all those hits or reduce the power of the gimmick and neither of those are fun ideas
They should really start bringing down OP Pokemon stats after their debut generation so we don't end up with the crazy power creep we have, especially with new mons already getting optimized stats to begin with (looking at you Flutter Mane).
The fact that he doesn't even proc spikey shield etc makes unseen fist even more obnoxious
what about counter? if there was a pokémon tanks enough to live a hit, and then knew counter, it would do a lot of damage and maybe k.o. just guessing but i kinda want someone to test the theory.
Fluttermane
The whiplash I experienced when I realized I was listening to the Bakugan DS Aquos theme
“Imagine if wolfe got a low taper faade”
There are some easy ways to nerf unseen fist: have it only work once per battle, or have it only work when Urshifu is at full health.  They did it with Talonglame's gale wings.  I expect it to be nerfed in the next generation.
Why does GameFreak hate competitive pkay
4:50-5:16  Please make this a Short/Clip/Whatever; I will watch it religiously every single day for the rest of my life.
What about weezing and neutralizing gas
Man Spidops catching a lot of strays this video
the use of the Bakugan Battle Brawlers music is SO BASED
urshifu is the poster child of everything i hate about in pokemon. And not competitively, I don't play competitive, I just watch a lot of competitive content. It's a screaming haymaker trump card. No real disadvantage state, hits hard, takes hits. and it doesn't really feel like it should have this extreme power. It feels like someone put their fursona into the game then declared it's the bestest pokemon ever. It might not be that thing, but the fact that it's always extremely good no matter what the battle looks like is frustrating
🌟🌟🌟🌟
Torterra is a soft counter For Urshifoo, shell armor prevents crits, and bullet seed definitely kills
imagine tera ghost gastrodon for the express purpose of nullifying an urshifu
I'm not seeing "the final nail in the Koffing" get the attention it deserves so, Wolfe, that was quite a funny and clever joke
Wolfey. I usually don't comment on your videos. But the thumbnail is bad. I cant recognize it was a video from you on my feed. I recommend change it to other one with you on it
Honestly Incineroar is by far more broken
Yes
When Wolfey isn't making this video about Incineroar you already know it's bad.
That last second pun!
I respect and enjoy playing doubles in Pokémon, but I hate that there isn’t an official competitive singles format that is accepted by Nintendo. I play both singles and doubles and legitimately believe that they both require around the same skill to be successful. The amount of people  playing Singles also dominates the majority of the population numbers of people playing Pokémon overall so it’s just baffling that Pokémon doesn’t have an official competitive singles format to me. So hearing the argument that protect is the cornerstone of all competitive Pokémon to me is just a strange premise on its face altogether because to me and many others singles should be viewed equally to doubles, but isn’t in the eyes of Nintendo. Definitely not saying that Wolfey does this, but lots of doubles players seem to like to talk down to singles players because of this. To those people I would like to remind them of all the totally out of touch terrible decisions Nintendo has made over decades that has angered, disappointed, and ostracized fans like an abusive relationship. Just because Nintendo officially recognizes one format does not make it superior to the other and everybody should just have fun and compete in their own ways. Imagine thinking Nintendo’s opinion on how to best play games is the correct one in 2024. Lol go ask other Nintendo game communities that and I’m sure the majority will slap you with how they’ve found more interesting and popular formats of ways to play their games. Competitive Singles format equal rights is strong and desired where protect is not that big of a big deal
Wolfey 10years ago: protect is ruining competitive Wolfey now: nerf anything breaking through protect
What about raging bolt ?
Best I can do is -5 bp.
Never really thought about Protect that much as a Smogon player. In singles Protect is only ever used on Speed Boost Pokémon and sometimes on defensive stall Pokémon that want to eke out more recovery with leftovers or more chip with sand or toxic.  But Unseen Fist is part of the reason both forms of Urshifu were banned, on top of their excellent move pool and coverage with their STAB. This Pokémon is a fucking mess.
Pokemon meta before Sword and Shield: Try to build the perfect team that is suitable for you to get to the top of the leaderboards with your favorite pokemon and find a way to get around your counters to counter your counter while showing everyone that you are truly the very best like no one ever was Pokemon meta after Swrod and Shield: Try to get around the f***ing Kung Fu Panda and the armored sword canine, good luck doing that since we gave them 900 kilos of pure steroids and cocaine And people ask me why Sword and Shield is my least favorite game of all time…. Well, there are way more reasons than the competitive meta but still.
Hard to be convinced this is not a corporative decision to squeeze a little bit more money from players
I feel more knowledgeable about the obvious
Urshifu animation while it using its signature moves is my intrusive thought
tor-NAY-dus
There are some of the new Pokémon in part two of the DLC which seem built to stop Urshifu. I don’t have to say anything but priority electric type special sucker punch to know an urshifu counter. Except for the whole part where urshifu can protect and we have someone in the game that stops priority moves
Favorite Mon fr fr. Wait until we see sword dog and sword cat on the same field
I have always said that Urshifu should be able to hit through protect but it should be prevented from being able to use protect itself
If pokemon doesnt work out, you should just become a chess or poker grand master. because according to you, pokemon is the most complex competitive game on the planet, so you should be able to become a chess and poker champion in no time. And a top tier fighting champion. 1v1 seems super easy compared to 2v2. World champ difference, right? ...Right?
Yeah, screw spidops. That dude stinks.
Cool vid, Wolfey. But u didn't mention how u used Weezing to shut down Urshifu. Fists can't be unseen when they're neutralized 😂
Alternate Title: Spidops catches strays from Wolfe for 20 minutes
Why not just band Urshifu!??🤷‍♂🤷‍♂.................................................................................................ok I'm leaving   🫤
It's funny that gen 9 urshifu W is so strong in vgc because rapid strikes hit 3 times when in gen 8 singles is was allowed to remain in OU bacause if got utterly wrecked by iron barb ferrothorn, rocky helmet or rough skin garchomp for the same reason, and it's item of choice was protective pads because of that.
laughs in water absorb gastrodon
"is the final nail in the koffing..."  I see what you did there, Mr. World Champ Difference
I couldn’t agree more. I got into VGC about a year ago before Urshifu was introduced to S&V. I find it to be a lot less fun now.
I know this doesn’t fit the video but I want to throw this out there. What if competitive did a pick ban system? I’m not saying it would be good but I think it would be interesting.
That’s really a shame because imo, Urshifu in one of the best pokemon, design wise, in gen 8. Even it’s single strike and rapid strike gimmick is a good one. If only they limited themselves to 1 broken gimmick, I think it would be fine (Unseen fist by itself would not be as huge of a problem without the guaranteed hit, since intimidate spam or charm could be answers). But what can I say, broken stuff are frustrating, even if they are in a cool skin.
The final line of the video was a great joke.
This is why I cant do competitive their is to many variables and you have to commit to it so hard and build a new team for every tournament. If I were to play I would build 1 team for the whole year out of Pokémon that I like and are good, and it would probably be a shitty poison venoshock team because it's a strategy I like
please don't nail my koffing
Something I want that might be good is a change to Detect. Instead of functioning like Protect, Detect should guarantee a miss. This, alongside wider distribution, could effectively allow some counterplay against Unseen Fist. Plus, it would have counterplay itself, as sure-hit moves like aerial ace will hit regardless.
Don't know if this is me, but I don't think Unseen Fist is necessarily a problem. I think it would be a very cool niche if it was on a weak Pokemon, not on this broken monstrosity. Like if Hitmonchan have this ability I think it wouldn't be broken
"7 years ago" and "Sun and Moon" hit me deep
Short answer yes
Great points. But also consider: bears are cool and Urshifu is my favorite :)
Urshifu Dark is cool in a full water team. So many way to play your options. You trick can your opponents into preparing for urshifu water, they save all their counters and then they just sadly watch as the wrong one comes out😂😂would be funny to bm terra type water your urshifu dark  Edit: “nail in the koffing”
Nail in the Koffing. 😂❤
Don't forget that getting an Urshifu is going to cost you an extra $90 for a copy of SwSh and the dlc if you didn't already have one.
I swear, the best parts of the video, are Wolfey just constantly whacking Spidops at every occasion.
Epic awesome fiery art style!  Also they gotta nerf this thing to need extra recharge turn(s) or something. And significant punishment for hitting through protect.
The way you described Urshifu and Unseen Fist as operating “outside the rules of the game” kind of reminds me of Ink Armor from Splatoon 2. In a game where there’s multiple classes of weapons capable of one-shotting but are balanced quite well despite that (i.e. rollers, chargers and blasters which are all slower to attack than most shooters), the ability to grant your entire team armor that protects them against getting one-shotted makes these weapons nigh unplayable at top level, ruins other weapons’ damage combos, and makes Ink Armor overall unfun to face against. In addition, this makes it so that you basically have to run Ink Armor in every team comp in order to survive, making it a “crutch” of sorts just like Urshifu is. While it may not completely kill team diversity, it can certainly make things predictable and stale knowing that every given team comp relies on this one single element that is blatantly unhealthy for the game.  As other commentors suggested, the one way I would like to see Urshifu nerfed would be for Unseen Fist to reduce the damage done by attacks hitting through Protect to about 25%. It may not fix all of Urshifu’s problems, but it’ll definitely make it much more managable.
Neutralizing gas?
What would you think about a pick and ban phase for tournaments it would help make every tournament unique
One thing i can say about Urshifu is it had shown me how important and fun Counterplay is. I'd often throw out Chandelure against it, and when my opponents mindlessly click Surging strikes, the Grass Tera boosted Energy Ball usually KOs it immediately after, thanks in part to Absorb Bulb boosting my Special Attack.  I don't know how effective it may be in higher level play, but in more casual play its an effective counter against Rapid Strikes Urshifu, even with Water Tera or in the rain.
Argh, that whistle... chills!  I wonder if Wolfey thinks there is scope for a change in the VGC format? No Legendaries? More Pokemon on a team roster? Some form of a draft? Full team matches? Anything? If so, would be interesting to hear.
Urshifu is just one of many major issues. You cant tell me the other nuclear level threats introduced in gen 9 arent an insane issue. The ruin pokemon and the protosynth and booster mons. I think it was a taste of what was to come in Gen 9
If it wasn't for their signature moves and ability urshifu would have been a shitmon, or at least a good but not that good.
"Games would be decided based on who got the better turn one" Ah so Yugioh 80% of the time
Shhhhh bro
To bad wolfies opponents have no problem using urshifu against him.
Actually Protect is just a stupidly broken move in itself and it is the one that should be getting removed from the game
its high time araquanid makes a comeback
I think Wolfe made this video just so he could say "the final nail in the koffing" at the end
Why would a lot of variables make you think it shouldn't work competitively?  People always just gravitate towards a fairly small range of Meta Mons, 95% of the mons never see use and that is sad   I wish they could figure out a way to widen the Meta in Pokemon games
The power creep is at anime levels
why not just ban it like every esport used to do,  , banning certain, champions, heroes, or pokemon makes the game healthier
So basically: pray if urshifu comes back it gets banished to restricted
Either Urshifu’s ability needs to get heavily nerfed, its signature moves shouldn’t be able to crit, or it just has to go all together cuz this shit is ridiculous. Especially for people who just playing online and don’t have access to movesets, or can’t even tell which Urshifu is which based on the preview screen 😒
You can get kubfu in the Sv dlc through snacksworth in blueberry academy 😭
Guess that Weezing team is looking good right now is
As kind of an outsider I will share my view: Pokemon is an insanely unbalanced game and this is just a drop of water in an ocean, some pokemon are straight up better versions of others, they need to make an entire overhaul if its to be balanced, the game is already ruined and terastalizing and mega evolutions only make it worse. Something like gigantamax where you can use it on any pokemon and they don't change types is a way better alternative to spice up the game. Giving weaker, older pokemon access to new moves is a starter, some weak pokemon don't have access to support/unique moves, they are completly useless. Nerfing this ability would improve the bubble where like 30 pokemon are good, what about the rest?
I can’t remember losing a matchup against the bear with Ogerpon wellspring + follow me 🤔
Doesn't iron boulder have a move that goes through protect?
Maybe Urshifu should only be able to hit through regular Protect, and not the Special Types like Spiky Shield/Baneful Bunker/etc
Don’t nerf it just get rid of it
Pokemon players complaints are so funny. I play magic the gathering
urshifu mains will hat this video (because it exposes the tricks, strats and weaknesses, as well as contains counterplay)
Today I looked at calcs for Urshifu with bulky Ogerpon Wellspring and uh. I could use water absorb and die to close combat or I could tera fairy and die to surging strikes. He really is the server admin of Pokémon
22:20 that editing was so SLICK
the final nail in the.... 🤔 🤔 🤔
You really going to just leave after dropping that nasty pun
Toxicroak be like: ?????? I literally resist fighting and soak up water ???????
That aquos arena ost lets go
Was the 'koffing' pun intended because of neutralising gas? Or am I looking too far into this
What if they released a move that guarantees evasion? It would defend against most moves including protection bypassing moves and would get hit by those that bypass accuracy checks. I think that would be interesting in teambuilding
I feel like all they gotta do is make surging strikes 95% accuracy and make it so that when hitting a protected Pokémon you do 65% of the damage instead of full damage
my biggest strategy to defeat urshifu now is raging bolt. Raging bolt has a priority special move that is super effective against urshifu(thunder clap.) Whenever raging bolt is on the field, I can typically fakeout with incinroar(used to use munkidori who was just baby inciniroar) and then just thunder clap to ohko the urshifu. However, this is probably the biggest mindgame I've encountered so far. If urshifu plays defensively and chooses to taunt, im already back to square 1.  Sure hope nobody else with great stats, a good ability, and a signature move that can bypass protect... I hate iron boulder so much...
"final nail in the koffing" Cofagrius - "am i joke to you?"
Huh. And there I thought he would mention Mighty Cleave at some point. Iron Boulder must not be that good.
All my homies hate urshifu
Honestly, unseen fist really just needs to be nerfed down to doing 50% damage against protecting moves. Or the signature moves need to be nerfed down to 20 per hit and 70 for Water and Dark respectively. Yes, water will hit a lot weaker than Dark at that point, but breaking Focus Sash is just that powerful. There's a reason surging strike was originally weaker than that move. I think doing 50% against Protect would be enough though and still leave the ability useful enough to put some pressure on opponents, but not so much that you wouldn't ever bother using Protect in front of it
I don't play vgc, just vibing to the video but chess 2 😂
Run fire or rock ogerpon with trail blaze to neutral bug or up your def + speed
Damn it I got the water Urshifu haha😅
neutralizing gas go brrrr
Yoo my guess was correct
Got damn comments section full of complaining crybaby stallers.
Solution to Urshifu: USE SHEDINGA
This is unrelated to Urshifu but I find it wild that you somehow found and used a song from the Bakugan Battle Brawler's video game OST lol
Raging bolt ⚡ sucker punch counters it
Urshifu is literally the reason I run Hisuian Electrode
"Because competitive Pokémon is entirely double battles" 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂. NO.
The worst thing about Urshifu is that it's UGLY AS HELL. I can tolerate something OP if at least it looks good, but it's an abomination obviously targeted to furries.
I am now wondering if the move thunderclap on raging bolt was intended to be a check for Urshifu
Who else got old really fast when he said “sun and moon came out 7 years ago”
urshifu doesnt need a nerf is should be banned from comp play as well as every other legendary pokemon
Follow Me into a tera'd flame body or static mon like electabuzz or magmar counters water urshifu pretty well.
Going against a serial protecter isn't fun. Smashing thru ur false sense of security is a ton of fun, and brings me pure joy everytime.
For anyone who doesn't know, the correct terminology for this sort of effect Urshifu has of the metagame is called _format warping_ . Urshifu is probably one of the biggest format warpers VGC has seen outside of restricted formats. A format warper doesn't necessarily need to be the strongest, but it denies certain core gameplay mechanics to an extent that every team needs to account for it. A similar issue is present in 6v6 singles this gen with Gholdengo, who isn't necessarily the strongest pokemon in terms of power, but has a similar format warping behavior by making it near unviable to remove entry hazards from the field.
My man spidops got flamed in this video, poor little guy
I run wicked blow ursh all the time with covert cloak. Ur fake out holds no power here 😂
yes. I see the same teams online. trash meta
just use specs hydrapple. it 4 times resists and ohko's with giga drain.
YES. Next question
Don’t sleep on sinistcha! High defense + Rocky helmet + rage powder, you can draw urshifu into either immunity from fighting, or resisting water and recoiling more damage than you take! Plus matcha gotcha is strong against them and can burn. Trick room access can stop them from attacking first.
Urshifu is my solution to serial protecters. A serial protecter is someone that hits protect way to much and the irritating double protect. And Everyone has been up against that kind of player, it's mad annoying. I fell in love with urshifu from the very start...PLEASE DO NOT NERF URSHIFU
I hear Bakugan Music!
I was tripping and I thought I kept my street fighter 6 open  Nice choice of OST Wolfey ❤️
Yeah unseen fists is broken and like compared urshifu and meowscarada urshifu is definitely stronger but I still hate meowscarada signature move it still doesn't stupid amount of damage
Part of the reason I haven’t got into competitive Pokémon is because of the absurd power creep in recent generations.
My "decent defense IV" galvantula: guten tag
100% facts
Unseen Fist should really, REALLY get a nerf. Either the damage theough protect gets a power decrease, or it would only let moves that aren't Surging Strikes through Protect.
"Is this Pokemon ruining the game?" Wihtout seeing anything but the thumbnail to this video, yes, it absolutely RUINED playing pokemon online until they come up with a way of not get Urshifu AT ALL in next game, or come up with a Pokemon that can get past Unseen Fist without hurting its partner (this is specific for Weezing, that can cancel out Unseen Fist, but by also canceling out its partner ability, which most of the times will not be a good thing, unless you're running a team with Slaking and/or Regigas, which, sadly, both of them would still suffer to Urshifu even if no abilities ever existed).
I get excited when my opponent uses urshifu, it can be 1 shotted with a bleakwind storm
Ruining? No.overcentralizing i thibk is the better way to describe it
The usage of bakugan battle brawler battle theme in the background is amazing great video!
GF has been producing broken competitive Pokemon since Mewtwo. If you didn't care to drop the game then, you have no reason to drop the game because of Urshifu.
I know u probably did this before regulation F, but isn't raging bolt a hard counter atleast to rapid strike urshifu Resists water Naturally bulky Can basicly one shot him with thunder clap
Nah, i love Urshifu just the way he is. If i had to hop in the train  to make things more balanced,  I'd say make protect lower damage from him down by 25%. Other than that, leave my kung-fu bear alone. Honestly, I am completely against the idea of nerfing legendary pokemon. They are legendary for a reason and just like how mythicals and box legendaries are banned until certain seasons and etc, just put that on some of these pokes like Urshifu. Utter criminal how they nerfed Zacian, Zamazenta, Darkrai, and Regieleki.
Just remembered doing the Battle Factory in Platnium as a kid and going against someone who successfully pulled off 5 consecutive protects, which really frustrated me.  Insane.
so, except for the obvious, like reducing the power of its signature move, would it work to just slightly change its ability? Like, turn it into a "may hit through protect" and make it  like a 50/50 chance or even less to hit. Also I think it would be funny if only Non-stab moves would be efected by the ability, but that is just a wild thought. I am speaking as a person with 0 competitive knowledge, so please leave your opinion
8:03 IS THAT BAKUGAN BATTLE BRAWLERS MUSIC???????????????????????
when the legendary spidops evolution comes, you will all kiss the ground it walks on, if its even on the terrestrial plane of existance
Great video! Would just like to say though, a knight that can move twice (14:10) would DEFINITELY be stronger than the queen.
I really don't get the people behind pokemon are thinking. They nerfed Darkai's signature move cuz Smeargle was abusing it, then made it so onle Darkrai could use it, but never reverted the nerf. After that they nerfed Zacian for being to strong but they also felt like nerfing its counterpart Zamazanta, however when they nerfed Regieleki they just ignored Regidrago. I hate how inconsistent their balance are but I can't blame then because pokemon it still mostly a casual game. But that said, the casual players would never ever mind or even notice if they geared the game towards competitive. It would still be a win-win, it just seems like they don't know how to do it or are being lazy about it.
I know it's just an analogy, but I feel the need to point out that knights moving twice in chess would result in turn 1 checkmates for white.
When you said why you were talking about it now I thought it would be because there are a few more Pokémon that can hit through protect now
That Death Zacian and his squad bit, gave me goosebumps.
The game is already not balanced because some have more resistances and advantages compared to other types. Having urshefu break it makes it more challenging for competitive.  Players that complain about urshefu just salty because their snowball, sweep, stalling, etc. teams are much harder to use. The game being fast-paced is more fun than a stalling match. A lot of meta pokemoncan 1 shot urshefu, so there's having an answer or just exchanging is possible.
You probably just mad you lost the world championship to Urshifu 😂
3:34 wolfey saying sun and moon came out 7 years ago made my insides tremble
Magmar Eviolite laughting 😂
I beg to differ. I like Urshifu a lot, and I like it just as it is. I don't think it breaks the rules of the game, it just can (sometimes) breaks the standardized "protect mechanic" as we have always used it before Urshifu and as we would always have used it if Urshifu wasn't there. It's a-one-of-a-kind pokemon and does exactly what it was designed to do: hitting hard just like it's expected from a martial arts champ
The fact it's a DLC Pokemon is what gets me. Makes it feel like the most obvious form of 'pay to win'. You can't just get one in your game regularly, you have to shell out for the expansion to even have the privilege of owning one.
I wanna see u win worlds once again in this lifetime
It'd be kinda neat if the mechanic of bypassing protect was only giving to Urshifu's signature move(s) and then changing the ability to "breaking" protect, while not doing any damage.  Or alternatively, just ban the thing. It's boring to watch on top of everything else mentioned
Cannot believe that Wolfey used the bakugan Battle Brawlers aquos arena OST in his video
You know, my dad's birthday is coming up. I think these wood watches are really cool!
Wolfey, do you think Pranster is a too OP ability ?  My personal opinion is a big YES because imagining that before you can do anything, your opponent can do anything like setting up the weather / tailwind or encoring, taunting, paralysing your Pokemon.  Therefore, the ability should be nefted by also increasing the priority of the opponent Pokemon status moves, Pokemon with the ability are not allowed to carry any held item or at least make Taunt effect still work until the end even after the taunted Pokemon switched out.
I think I met you in 2009 in Texas at a VGC for Diamond and Pearl lol. Love your YouTube videos because you talk about shit I actually care about
"there are 1008 pokemon" 💀 even new players will not look at something like a magikarp and genuinely consider it competiitively. what a grandoise and idiotic claim.
"weezing" LOL
We all live for Wave Crash Palafin to return to its former glory!
Save VGC. Raging Bolt!
Love the irony of Wolfe releasing this video the day of Charlotte Regional where he is running Urshifu on his team 🤣
Sheesh i love this mon
Just ban it honestly 🤷🏻‍♂️
Some might say having a pokemon that can oneshot you through Protect, through Focus Sash and ignoring intimidate is slightly unbalanced. Saying it like that it almost sounds like a kid made it up.
Does Gastro Acid or neutralizing gas work on Urshifu's ability?
WAIT is the background music from bakugan ps2 game?
Fucking despise urshifu
Worse part is that it’s basically paywalled. Only way to get it is buy Sw/Sh and the DLC. At least make a raid to get it so everyone has an opportunity to get it in game.
19:50 Urshifu is a support Pokémon XD
Unleash the Raging Bolt 😎😎
Damn i hear the bakugan ost that ost slaps
ban that bear!
Wolfey- overuses protect   Game- creates foil to prevent overusing protect   Wolfey- this isn’t fair!
Respect for making all those believable "Spidops guide" thumbnails for a throw away joke
Whoever let urshifu into a format without dynamax was smoking maaad zaza
14:10 That's a good analogy
Ban pokémon that can't breed in vgc 🗣️💯🔥 (undiscovered egg group) Yes even that one 🗣️💯🔥
Yes
my favourite part of every wolfey video is how he refers to vgc as exclusively competitive pokemon without mentioning singles at all, ya i know he plays doubles but singles youtubers acknowledge that doubles exists too
The editing goes crazy.
13:25 Ok that's funny XD    (Also, Tornadus?)
Who did you lose to that inspired this video, Wolfey? Who hurt you???
12:05 Yeah, small thing XD
Where is the animation from the first few secs of the video from
I don't know, I always thought Protect was overpowered, I mean, 100% protection without downsides? If anything Urshifu is Protect 1st real counter play.  If Urshifu is to be nerfed, Protect needs to be nerfed too, 100% damage negation without downsides for a whole turn is wack no matter how you look at it.
No SPIDOPS hate will be tolerated🫡
11:33 TRUE
9:35 The funny part is that it was slower than usual XD
3:34 "7 years ago, with the release of sun & moon"  damn
9:00 I remember in your video about Pokémon that shouldn't be in Gen 9, and I remember you talking about how Urshifu would get buffed indirectly
What if unseen fist also worked for the opponent? Like no guard , urshifu can’t benefit from protect whether it’s a physical or special move, it  would actually make this broken ability somewhat worse and make urshifu actually commit to being a glass canon
This man ended a video full stop with a pokemon pun.
YOOO I HEAR THE BAKUGAN MUSIC
7:55 Ok fair.
7:35 Ok that's actually hilarious XD   It's like. I have a mono-water team! JK I HAVE URSHIFU-DARK XD
Urshifu feels like that one kid on the playground that keeps making things up to win every time you present a counter
8:03 - I thought this BGM sounded familiar, it's the Aquos Battle Stadium music from the Bakugan Battle Brawlers game
Just Wana say spidops is actually pretty good with the right setup
7:28 WHAT THAT'S SO STUPID
Did you say the final nail in the "Koffing"? Had to listen again but that's what it sounds like. The real Urshifu answer we were looking for all along was Weezing, I knew it! (Though seriously, Galarian definitely beats dark Urshifu, and both forms at least are decent into water urshifu - and also allows you to protect in front of it)
6:08 WHY ARE YOU BULLYING SPIDOPS MORE THAN WO-CHIEN FROM THE LAST VIDEO XD
5:50 TRUE      Also, the quality has NOT dropped from the World Champs video, keep it up!
Urshifu isn't that bad imo. Nothing wrong with one pokemon who can have this as its gimmick.
5:39 Oh no.
5:10 YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO      Also yeah Unseen Fist should do like 20% damage if protected XD
Reacting gas go brrrrr
4:35 Oh yeah. No more Max Guard
Thunderclap its the best counter against water urshifu
3:25 That's funny XD
3:00 Nice. XD
Are URSHIFU ruining the METAGAME??
2:20 That was funny XD
I have personally noticed online that a Impish 252 Atk 252 Def 4 hp Terra Grass Okidogi with Terra Blast can take on Urushifu pretty well
Trick Whimsicott w punching gloves is a good counter for urshifu (punching gloves makes urshifu unable to hit thru protect)
Urshifu is the main reason I’m currently not playing ranked before it came in I was having a lot of fun now not so much
0:50 The moment you showed the TM I knew it!   But before that I was stumped lol.   Oh yeah, the thumbnail. That's why you're talking about it!   edit: Finally! a tutorial on this move!  Note: I'm not saying the name of this move for spoiler reasons, despite being mentioned under a minute in lol
He's ruining my virginity that's for sure
Combined with being able to hit through protect and an always crit move is ridiculous. I think Urshifu shouldn't be able to protect itself and if you protect your Pokemon it negates some damage like Dynamax did
The simple fix here is just making urshifu a restricted pokemon - at least then it's in competition with other pokemon which are absurdly powerful
not just him but yeah iron boulder is worse but still broken. also it flat out doesn't work as one rng is in it, in chess can a pawn randomly get to move 3rd space?
Do you think Iron Boulder will remotely compare in terms of breaking the game with its signature attack also breaking though protect?
Urshifu's ability is really broken unless you are my cousin and forget about it.
Allowing previous legendaries into the VGC meta is a mistake that makes VGC feel stale imo. How many of the top teams at worlds were running basically 5/6 of the same pokemon with 1 wildcard thrown in. That's not fun to play or watch. VGC was way more fun early one when people were coming up with new combinations and strategies.
I think the combination of Urshifu’s overall traits is what make it broken. It has great stats, a dual typing, a crit signature move, AND unseen fist. If only pokemon like Spidops had unseen fist, then it wouldn’t be a problem.  I think they should nerf unseen fist so that it does half or quarter dmg through protect.
12:48 Shoutouts to the editor who used the Aquos arena theme from the Bakugan video game in the background
Wtf why is HG and SS so low on the sales?!? They are two of the best Pokemon games ever, seriously am I misunderstanding something??
Am I the only one who thinks Urshifu could be tweaked to still hit through protect, but with reduced damage?  You could also allow it to hit through protect either once per time on the field or once per battle.  I like the idea of Urshifu conceptually, but it could be weakened to better balance it.
Final nail in the Koffing?!
Yo, why is Spidops catching strays out here? Leave that little spider alone.
Rocky helmet neutralising gas weezing could work? But it’s gimmicky
Yes (hasn’t played in gens)
I thought urshifu rapid strike was very overbearing in singles with Tera. It would just go: swords dance > trailblaze > gg. I think rapid strike has greatly benefited from tera. Moreso than single strike. Fully offensive great tusk only takes like 30 from band single strike. I guess in doubles it's more difficult. Anything with flame body and tera water/grass eats urshifu alive though. Tornadus with max hp and rocky helmet always did well into it as well. Either you do half it's HP with an item or insta kill it with hurricane. Even though it has a busted ability, I think Urshifu has a fair amount of counters. I think this gen has had plenty of worse (game-breaking) abilities added to the game. Tera has just allowed you to skyrocket the ceilings of certain pokemon.
They could nerf Unseen Fist by adding a move that is flavored as an evade or parry. They can make the game even more layered with more specialized moves.
Wonder if they could give Unseen Fist a successive failure chance like Protect has - 100% to break Protect on the first hit, but only 50% on the second hit, and so on. Either on strikes within the move, or on successive uses of the move.
The last place I was expecting to hear Jamie’s theme was here 😂
I am pretty sure that Gamefreak is ruining Pokémon with the “they’ll buy it anyway” mentality
Iron boulder: don’t mind me….
Tor-NAY-dous
8:04 shoutout to the bakugan battle brawlers water arena soundtrack. 😂
I like Sunny Day Whimsicott against him
it's certainly annoying, but not gamebreaking  Any bulky grass or water type will wall out Rapid, and it's super frail on the special side, so anything faster than it can ruin its day
Urshifu dark suffer the zamamenta trait, in the shadow of his counterpart and nerfed because the other much stronger counterpart exist
Seeing Urshifu in an open screen list is basically a "well, we're screwed" klaxon, and it makes Protect completely useless from the second it hits the field until it either faints or obliterates your team. I mean, sure, it might be able to block the Brute Bonnet's Spore, but then your Tera Fire Baxcalibur gets annihilated by the partner Urshifu's Surging Strikes.
Why does he always say "compeNtitive"???
Screw protect
I use Coalossal with flame touch and a spiky helmet, and grass tera type to counter this fool
So what your saying is we should get rid protect. Then urshifu's ability would be worthless
I Bet one day they will give a new Pokemon a ability thats sets up trick room as soon as it hits the field 😂
13:20 *laughs nervously*
"Nearly worthless during a traditional playthrough of the game" , except for that it is one of the most useful moves when pairing it with leftovers and is used in many nuzlockes.
so sad That Foerrothorn aint in gen 9. 1st its one of my favourite mons, 2nd, it matches up quite well with urshifu, i think.  i mean, rocky helmet+iron barbs=1/4 of max HP per contact hit, with a good read into surging strikes, thats a lot of damage! and with tera, that close combat weakness can easily be turned into a resistance aswell.
lets hope it gets banned
if youre not good enough to play without protect then youre not skilled, sorry.
IMHO they should get rid of protect and balance from there
Pokemon HQ take notes right now!
Wouldn't Ogrepon: Teal Mask be a great counter to Urshifu: Rapid Strike? It's faster and can 1 hit KO it with Ivy Cudgel if I'm not mistaken. I also don't think the Wellspring Mask would be a bad option either with Water Absorb.
That a Bakugan theme?!
GameFreak please stop driving nails into Koffings. They have rights.
Who the heck is spidops lol you can’t fool me with these fake mons!
Anyone else notice the subtle chess nods in the last couple videos?
I think that Urshifu is broken enough that it should be placed in the rules a a restricted pokemon since right now using urshifu is so simple due to only taking up one team slot. If it was also taking a restricted slot along with it then I personally think it would be more managable
I'm of the belief that Urshifu is broken, or at the very least breaking the game.  I hate how over centralized it is...  I get that it's not even the most used Pokemon (Flutter mane anyone?), but that ability to break through protect is just too much.  Nerf unseen fists to only go through screens, but not protect, and it changes the Pokemon considerably.  Urshifu as a standalone Pokemon isn't broke.  But it's ability certainly is and gamefreak should adjust it.
Bro you brought me back with the bakugan Wii music oh my gosh oh my gosh
Wolfey, good video as always, but I must point out one extra issue with Urshifu called Pelipper. Just pointing it out, as it has a bit of a synergy that can be abused to not always require a Tornadus to mess someone's day.  Remember that Pelipper has the ability to cause rain, easy usage of Tailwind and U-Turn (first Tailwind, then U-Turn, switch in Chen Pao/Sharpedo [Sharpedo because extra speed if you are going full monowater] and have fun), and that unless you have an electric type... It can be used as a tanky support.  I have seen it going on in Showdown, but it's so frigging annoying to deal with that. To not count one more thing: You can always pair up Tornadus and Pelipper just for double issues if you go for a Urshifu centric team.
He protec, he protec, but most importantly he protec  13:17 just be glad Dracovish isn’t in S/V…
This man really said "the final nail in the koffing"
rather than this being urshifus problem it sounds like vgcs overreliance on protect finally came back to bite it in the butt singles had this with pursuit and switch outs, my only complaint is that rather than have a new dimension to play with they just removed pursuit and i would hate to see this happen to urshifu where because pokemons players failure to adapt and think outside the box removing something is easier than finding unique pokemon and strats to beat the thing oppressing them
There might not be enough incentive to do an entire video on this but I wonder what you think would happen to the game if protect was added as a mechanic, alongside fight item etc, that anybody could select that has the same current mechanics including power points and successive chances of failure, essentially freeing up a move slot for every Pokémon and allowing it on choiced and assault vested Pokémon (Or you could say that if they are choiced/vested/whatever they can't)
i feel like raging bolt was made just to clown urshifu      and iron crown too i guess
Raging bolt thunderclap OKOs it No?
short answer to the question: yes
I hate this thing
Legendaries break competitive, or at least the newest ones anyways.
Wolfe, the answer isn’t complicated, it’s yes.  I understand that from a creator/high level player standpoint, you don’t want to say something controversial to your audience, but Urshifu is the best Pokémon in the game, period. It warps the whole competitive landscape and the player base suffers because of it, principally due to the reason you mentioned about the passive benefits to teammates… the sort of prisoner’s dilemma where a player facing off against an Urshifu will essentially  never press protect.   Unseen Fist should do 25% to opponents through protect. Solves all the problems. Keeps it relevant and useful, but reduces the metagame centralization.
Short answer: Yes Long answer: Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
Things like Urshifu and eventually Zacian are why I enjoyed Series 1 the most. It didn’t feel like you had to use certain things just to have a chance at winning. You could use random stuff more reliably and still have a decent chance at winning.
Its sus that amongus doesnt stop the buff water ape
You use Gastrodon cuz it stops Urshifu, I use Gastrodon cuz its super cute. We are not the same.
Pokemon could solve all their meta issues by simply banning legendaries in ranked. It's so depressing seeing 4 urshifu/tornadus teams in a row
Funny because in singles this ability isn’t nearly as useful, but the mon has so much power both are banned anyways. Feel bad for the vgc guys haha
why’s everybody gotta hate on the dops man, he’s good I swear
Hey don't give Urshifu such a bad rap like this without mentioning the truth about it It actually costs 90 dollars now that competitive is done in a gen without it natively
My prankster skill swap sableye just takes away urshifu's ability 😂
Yes
If Urshifu is so broken, it would be by far and away the most used, but that's not the case. How about we talk about Flutter Mane which is really the one that's been terrorizing the SV meta game?
Terapagos: “hold my Matcha”
doesn't it beak the protect too. Not sure but that is also a thing to be considered if true of course
I think you missed the one drawback of surging strikes which is its low BP. Because it always crits you can make the argument that it's BP is actually higher, but if you compare it to higher BP moves you realize that they can still crit and do more damage. Surging strikes can never do more than its normal damage. Also sunny weather and burns totally shut this move down
Phantasm force
i haven't watched the video yet, but i see that the thumbnail is urshifu and i have already decided the answer is yes
Gotta love that the only mon who could safely nullify both Urshifu's main STAB is a Water Absorb Jellicent (which, oh, ISN'T in the game, and it's still not that good in vgc)  You know the funny part? not even resisting both stabs could do anything against the bear because of fricking Taunt.   Fvck Game Freak's """balance team""", honestly
We hate popularity being used as a metric of Pokemon as a franchise's success as a competitive game. Prior gens had healthier metas, just less people played because they were handheld games.  The higher player counts we see today are the result of the move from handheld to home console, not because the games got better. We'd argue the games are at their lowest point in quality and health of the competitive meta... with the popularity of the Switch as a platform carrying them.
Doesn’t Raging Bolt’s high special attack alongside the move thunderclap and Urshifu’s low special defense at least counter urshifu rapid strike?
To give a slightly better analogy than having something like two moves in a row in chess: Imagine your queen could "go around" vertically or laterally adjacent enemy pawns with a knight move when applicable.  Ofc this would be busted, hence why "Queen jumps on her horse in front of the pawns" will be available as a DLC for 30$.
Go me, im more okay with a strong pokemon like fluttermane, a super strong and fast pokemon, but super super frail, vs urshifu, whos just as strong, but can take hits, and just cheats
What if we get a ghost tera storm drain gastradon as hard counter for water type urshifu
if a knight could move twice in a row, then anytime it got near the king its checkmate
*Raging Bolt has joined the chat*
I don't really like how they make Urshifu seem like a pay wall. People make it seem like this is something messed up and new to pokemon. Not the pokemon. The act of adding new stuff in later that you have to pay for.  Pokemon has alwats done this especially since gen 4 as the better 3rd version would have new things that you simply couldn't get in the other games. Like rotom forms, giratina origin form if I recall. Gen 5 had Kyurem forms, gen 6 didn’t get on but we did get remakes that added some megas and primal forms. Gen 7 had new ultra beasts and the fusion forms of Necrozma. It's really not new. It's just more affordable for casual players who don't want to buy an entire game they already have again for slight improvements. Especially given they started going for 2 extra games. Which meant hard core players would buy both.
Hey wolfey! Catching up on all the videos because I skipped your channel for 2 month due to me not wanting to be spoiled by anything and taking in the pokemon experience in its entirety ! :DD Over the years i was always happy to watch or hear from pokemon but never really played it after Gen 3. Gen 9 REALLY got me into the game and on my first attempt on the online ladder I immediatly managed to hit master Rank in 2 Days ^^ Thanks to your videos I managed to get a honestly fenominaly great understanding of the current meta. I still struggle with remembering moves and type matchups and find myself being caught ofguard. but its never a "what was that" and almost always a "Ah forgot about htat".which i think is a good start :D I'll consume all the videos I missed the past months now and wanted to just share this comment here.. Thanks for everything and I hope you have a great day !
I think maybe an item that makes Surging Strikes and Wicked Blow have the 100% crit rate could be a good way to limit Urshifu, maybe it's pretty heavy handed but i think it's certainly up for discussion
Yes.
so what youre saying is water absorb clodsire
Protean got changed. Hopefully Unseen Fist gets changed too
Wolfey: Protect is the foundation of pokemon! It should be difficult to play around!   The balancing team: ***LOUD INCORRECT BUZZER SOUND***
Urshifu's singular gimmick is the ability to break all defensive counterplay. Gamefreak basically gave it everything to destroy standard defensive play. Wolfey's "counters" are literally just defeat it first, which isn't a defensive strategy, or Rocky Helmet, which is limited to one slot per team and takes away the choice of another item you'd otherwise prefer.
How good is Neutralizing Gas on Weezing at dealing with Urshifu?
doubles are so lame...lol
Urshifu is amazing because protect makes the game worse
I really hesitate to say the game works competitively when less then 1% of the pokemon in the game are usuable in a competitive environment
I thought I heard Jamie's theme from SF6
It really feels like folks in competitive complain too much.
But now there's raging bolt, and incin. How does that change things?
Sunny day tropius meta teaser? 👀
just punched a nerd in the face and told him i was practising Chess 2 rules before the release and that my knight has Unseen Fists as its ability. Truly the World Champ difference. Thanks Wolfey!
I feel like Raging bolt is some counter play to Urshifu rapid strike. Thunderclap here we go baby!!!!!!
Reminded me how much I love Urshifu and Gastrodon
Why on earth is Urshifu not a resteicted mon? Sounds like it would be a lot more balanced just by vurtue of competing with Kyogre
30$ for breaking one of the best move in game sounds like fair deal.
I get the idea of Unseen Fist, Urshifu is supposed to be a master of physical combat and is so skilled that you can't defend against his attacks. However, it seems just a little too much for the game, so couldn't they just change it that it can still go through Protect, but the damage is reduced?
Why don’t you just use Urshifu? Its your fault if you put yourself at a disadvantage
Another problem is Urshifu is just bulky enough to be problematic. With the right EV’s, it can live common super effective moves like Rillaboom Grassy Glide, Flutter Mane Thunder bolt, and Iron Hands Wild Charge after an intimidate.
didn't even mention wheezing as the best counter ever, it has neutralizing gas to remove the broken ability and will o wisp to burn it as that still halves the damage of it's crits
I feel like urshifu just doesn't FEEL dominant when I watch stuff. Like, it can have an occasional pop off, but I feel like it's more just solid. I rarely see it pick it up one hit knock outs on pokemon that aren't flutter despite seeing a fair amount of one hit knock outs from other pokemon. There's also quite a lot of stronger priority in general with a lot of fakeout and dragonite/entei+chien-pao. Also, you didn't mention it in the video when talking about the power of rain but that also has a huge drawback, which is the power of sun. Sun has so many benefits now with protosynthesis and good fire types (and now hydrosteam) that a lot of people are running it and that lets you halve urshifus main tool.  Then of course, tera in general can counter everything including urshifu. It almost gaurantees every pokemon has a way of at most taking neutral damage from surging strikes which again probably won't oneshot.  I heard about the boogiemen of urshifu and incineroar but both have felt merely solid rather than ruinous.
To me, the real problem of competitive formats are Legendary pokemons. I felt this for years now.   I get it. Even with nonlegendaries broken strategies will develop. But the damage output, the sheer brokeness of abilities and signature moves of legendaries are to me whats holding back the scene. At least, have a legends free format. That would be fun for a change!
Great thumbnail
I don't really use Urshifu, but I love the pokemon. Definitely makes the game more fun. POV: I Love OP Pokemon.... I wanna use Urshifu, but only when I have a good way to use it that even other users can't handle
Curious if anyone thinks Raging Bolt will become a hard counter to Urshifu-R.  It's pretty uncommon for Urshifu to have a Tera type besides Water, and it's S. Defense stat is very low.  Bolt doesn't even need Electric Terrain or a boosting item to OHKO thanks to a massive 135 S. Attack stat.  Thunderclap (i.e. priority) gets around Scarf Urshifu, Tailwind, and other forms of Speed control.  But priority is becoming really overused in Regulation F, and it would be pretty easy to pair Urshifu with a Pokemon like Indeedee or Farigiraf, which would make Thunderclap totally useless
Possible Solutions: Nerf Urshifu’s HP, Attack, Speed? Nerf Unseen Fist Nerf down Surging Strikes from 25 to 20-15 damage. — or even nerf the damage to be weaker as it hits from 1-2-3 (less damage each attack).
Protect is basically the dodge mechanic everyone who is obsessed with the anime wants in the game.  It’s the only way to effectively avoid damage other than using moves like Fly or Dig and getting lucky.
If GameFreak could nerf Zacian’s Intrepid Sword and all Protean abilities, I pray they can whittle down Unseen Fist to do only a fraction of what it’s currently doing.
They need too Bring Back Primal Groudon for Urshifu😅
Is that the bakugan battle brawlers aquos arena soundtrack?
"Meowscarada can't hit through protect" 😂😂😂😂
love the ai images
What if you used role play or skill swap with speed deoxys or mew/mewtwo? Something to change his ability. I'm not a competitive player but that's what I would think could help? Edit: Lugia would be a better example because you could have tailwind, recover/substitution, and a fourth move.
Kind of sad that it’s looking like gamefreak’s response to this is to just add MORE pokemon that hit through protect 😅
I miss dynamax :(
Urshidfu and Flutter are the epitome of "just click buttons" game design. Room temp IQ, one brainwave per hour, drooling idiot gameplay
does surging strike water get absorbed by water  absorb it does so rocky helmet rough skin stacks
I think there should be an oficial singles comp scene
Power creep is understandable. they want new pokemon to be widely used so that it becomes popular and sells a lot of merchandise. but they take it too far
the punching moves category already exists and would exclude Close Combat… Why doesn’t unseen FIST work only on punching moves???
Question, can u use the Urshifu that comes in the Indigo Disk for competitive?
Pokemon vgc players 🤝 yugioh tcg players
I am new to VGC. Been playing for just a few weeks. I got absolutely curb stomped by Urshifu rapid strikes for a while until I finally got a little bit of a handle on what to do against it. Then I started getting one shot by wicked blow LOL
You said Flower Trick only has 70 power. Would it not have 140 since it will always have Same Type Attack Boost and always crits, plus never misses?
In my opinion urshifu and the genies should never be allowed in a non-restricted meta again until power creep really hits them down or urshifu specifically is nerfed. I would suggest to reduce its attack to 120 and/or reduce its signatures by 10 bp. If the latter isn't implemented in combination of the former, I would suggest other types of nerfs like not being able to learn protect and its clones. This would nerf all non-scarf variants and the scarf variant would become much more predictable and easy to prep for.
I am getting flashbacks to Mega rayquaza so good it needed its own tier cuz LUL little to no  weaknesses and Best offence go BRR although, that was way worse this unseen fist thing COULD use a nerf like only affecting *punch* moves. no u-turn, forced to use weaker moves to use its affect, and make its signature not able to used with it as it is clearly a good move... or make it so it only does half damage if it goes through? idk im not a balance master  just another person with an opinion.
Iron boulder go brrrrrr
Shedninja gotta make a comeback as a niche in Gen 10.
The Spidops slander is outrageous.
Love the uploads my man.  Helped me get into competitive.  Thank you for the entertainment & education on the sport.
Are you strong because you have unseen fist or do you have unseen fist because you’re strong?
Urshifu is mainly a problem because it’s legal in the lesser legendary formats. If a Pokémon with these busted traits was only locked behind the restricted formats, it wouldn’t feel as powerful. Urshifu was still good, but not nearly as overbearing in last generations restricted formats. I feel like with Calyrex coming back, along with miraidon, Koraidon, and the paradox pokemon they boost having strong match ups into ursh, it will make it not nearly as problematic. Maybe they could keep it out of the game until restricted next gen if it’s too much to handle in the lower power level formats.
Just leave our boy urshifu to drop them critical hits. Pretty sure we'd end up with a way worse meta hes keeping everyones teams in line
Absolutely wonderful video thank you for throwing the liferaft out to sea, really hope we can get rid of this guy and actually play the rest of the meta, water rapidstrikes is giving me gen 1 mewtwo psychic vibes,,, please save us pokemon international
this looks like a knock off Palworld
Just make is to his attacks deal 1/4 damage. It can be solved in 2 minutes with a patch.
I think just making Wicked Blow and Surging Strikes less accurate would make Urshifu a lot worse, something like 80 or 85% might be enough to at least drop the usage down a bit. (also making it a high chance to crit instead of 100% could also be good) and something that Pokémon can do next Gen is to either nerf Unseen Fist (making do 1/4 of the damage when hitting protect) or change Urshifu's base attack stat from 130 to something like 120 or 115.
conclusion: Nerf Miner
15:23 Whoever the editor is did a great job here!
18:20  Stop! Competitive is already dead!
just make unseen fist do 1/4 through protect theyve already made their solution
As a self proclaimed protect hater, Urshifu is by far my favorite answer to most stall spammers, respect for the vid but my opinion differs since Urshi adds a necessary threat to the protect meta game
One time an urshifu in online ladder did like 12 damage with 3 hits against my walking wake under sun so that was probably my only good experience with urshifu
In short, Urshifu is an invasive species and needs to be stopped.
That bakugan aquos theme. Holy nostalgia
The only reason i dont play competitive is that legendary pokemon are not banned. Every single legendary should be banned along with mythical mons atc. Then the game should be balanced with all the other mons in mind.
The Ace Attorney and SF6 music in the background is *chef kiss*
Urshipoo is lame no brain required
WolfeyVGC stop saying "competitive pokemon" just say doubles because singles  are also  a metagame that's very the legitamate despite technically being unofficial.
How about if urshifu hits through a Pokémon using protect it leaves him stunned for 1 turn by having to break someone’s defense, needing to recover.
I only really play casual battles, but I don't go in unprepared. However, if ever my opponent has an Urshifu, I've basically surrendered myself to the fact that I'm losing that battle.  I only like using 1 Legendary on my team so it doesn't seem too unfair, but then I get paired against entire teams of Legendaries and I just lose the enthusiasm to even play competitively at all. I have only won two battles against full teams of Legendaries, however one clearly wasn't good at training their team since most of them went down in one hit, while the other only had 4 Pokémon on their team, so I knew exactly what I was up against.
"...the final nail in the Koffing." 👏👏👏
Isn't the new Pokemon Raging Bolt a natural counter to Urshifu? Surprised it didn't get a mention
Nuzlocking 🤝🏼 competitive    Protect being incredibly valuable to the meta
What about endure? As niche as that option is
not only is it not a bad thing, it was a necessary thing. instead of being mad about the pokemon for having the ability, call out the community for having/using such a small pool of meta pokemon and so many teams looking identical.
Urshifu may be stupidly Brocken but at least it’s overpowered and not ugly like landorus therian
i have 0 interest in competitive battles i usually just beat the game and shiny hunt but these videos are great 🫡
they didn't learn. iron boulder has a move that goes through protect too.
Yes Yes Yes Yes Screw the bear
I think Urshifu shouldn't have been a pokemon. Urshifu has something for every single type of tactic. It can break walls with guaranteed crits. Speaking of surging strikes it breaks sashes. And it destroys protect pokemon. It's not just a protect destroyer. The moment it came in it took over VGC, no other pokemon dominated this season the way it has.
After seeing the 2023 worlds get conquered by both urshifu and amoongus, I was anticipating someone to make a video about it. I have watched the world championship over and over and still can't figure out how anyone is supposed to counter it.
Speed booster energy Iron Boulder with Psycho cut is great against Urshifu Rapid strike. It will either take it out or force there tera but then again single strike becomes problematic.
Was not expecting to hear bakugan music in a wolfey video
We knew this video was going to happen eventually
These videos are very high quality and very entertaining
It is times like this that make me happy to be a Smogon player. When something is broken here we just ban it. And if you think a metagame is bad you can just move and Play a different one, since there are dozens of major metagames and hundreds of smaller niche ones.
Excellent Video, but please stop equating VGC as the entirety of competitive pokemon.
I wish the legality of Urshifu was timed a bit later. Rather than being able to use it after Home made it possible to transfer it to the game, I would rather it have been a few months after the Indigo Disk was released because then you could capture your own Kubfo to evolve it into Urshifu after substantial progression through the DLC itself.
i love wolfeyvgc
I think Urshifu shouldn't have access to protect or detect, that would make it more balanced
They should make a singles VGC
More Pokemon like urshifu will come out. Not following rule is good cuz it's time for change and new rule to make. But the new Pokemon need to come out soon. When is gen 10?
Be sure to surging strikes that subscribe button & wicked blow the bell
Yes
So what you're telling me is that Jellicent with Scald and Wisp will solve our problems?
BAKUGAN BATTLE BRAWLERS OST MENTIONED
I created a team that matches well against urshifu, its bronzong and ttar w tera grass tera blast and set trick room my bronzong is 252+ def and 252 hp and tyranitar tera grass w 252 hp tanks every hit from urshifu rapid
I think its a little late to do anything about urshifu. I mean duh. but there are other high power moves and pokemon that can break protect now. Mighty cleave exists and at this point its going to become more of a common thing to indirectly nerf protect with moves like this. Yes urshifu is a problem but I can imagine even next gen, it wont even be unique to have every move a pokemon can use break protect.
8:45 IS THIS FROM BAKUGAN BATTLE BRAWLERS ON THE WII???
Hard to see mons like Ogerpon and Urshifu as anything other than bait to get competitive players who don't care about story to pay for the DLC.
I’ll add my two cents in how to nerf urshifu. It still hits through protect but if it does, it lowers its attack stat by one stage, not only that but if it hits through protect while using either versions signature move, the move will do its base damage, not crit damage
the koffing easter egg, well played
Stop roasting my boy spidops:(  (Also down with urshifu)
you are ruining the game being the baby girl of Nintendo
I refused to buy DLC for Sword and I refuse to buy DLC for Scarlet. I feel I'm always left to keep finding Urshifu counters. It's a shame.
Brian Hands, feat Supercell Slam:
Yeah the knight DLC in Chess 2 makes it a play-to-play game. FINALLY someone is talking about it.
I wonder what a tournament would look like thats exactly same as Reg F but no urshifu allowed
Pokémon IS PERFECT competitively if you don’t think so you probably hate losing BUT THATS WHY ITS PERFECT Everybody loses and everybody wins LEARN THE STATS AND BUILD practice makes perfect Losing is just training also URSHIFU IS GARBAGE glass cannon I beat him everyday on ranked YOU DONT NEED PROTECT TO WIN 💀
I want Urshifu in smash if possible. IDK how others feel about that though. 😅
does weezing work as a counter?
PvP is ruining the game, I get the card game and the ingame championships but a RL pokemon championship is pointless
if i had a nickel for where dlc characters in games i love including pokemon are absolutely broken, i’d have 3(ish) nickels.   which isn’t a lot but it’s weird that it happened more than once.   (games are pokemon swsh, pokemon sv, and ssbu)
Says grass type attacks have 5 resistances, flashes 7 types one the screen, haha.
I recognize that Aquos Arena theme anywhere 8:05
wait! I may be making a second comment but I just thought of something that'll out me for being an even Bigger loser fanboy of this mon.... Parasect... If Parasect was in Gen 9, he could literally be a safe swap in! Resists Fighting types, Dry Skin makes them immune to water and even heal from the possible rain, and if you really need to; going Tera Fire to become not 4X weak to Fire and Flying types! It would be Gen 4 Kyogre all over again. Then you might be able to get a Spore off and go for a reversal!
Imo an interesting way of nerfing it would be to make it not able to protect as well, this way it could never have answers for fake out or grassy glide
A great example of how Pokémon doesn't work without protect is Pokémon Go! The teams are 3 pokemon with a limit on how much switching out you can do, so it's an incredibly offensive format where speed is the ultimate tool and having the wrong opening Pokémon can instantly lose you the game. It's not terrible, but I don't enjoy it
Game freak needs to buff old gen mons and give re stat distribution to half the dex
Urshifu is also really good in Pokémon Masters. Rapid Strike (the only variant in the game thus far) by default has an ability that lowers the opponent defence every time it makes contact. In the case of surging strikes, it's every successful hit lowers defence by one stat (up to -3 defence). That added to it being a Dynamax/Gigantamax character means it gets a second super move through its D-Max moves which already hit like a truck. Though this is offset with it not having its mainline ability unseen fist.
Yes
Genie trio is *WAY* worse
Just use wheezing
Just make it do half damage through protect
Why is no one taling about the pollywirl that tryed to learn unseen finst but got yeated XD
I knew he'd say protect.
I think dragonite normal Tera extreme speed + chien pau actually broke the game . Way more oppressive than breaking protect imo. It's breaks 95% of everything
Y not ban this shit?
Yes
But he's a big bear and just wants a hug!!! 😢
Maybe pokemon that are immune to crits should be immune to always-crit moves.   _(Battle Armor / Shell Armor and Lucky Chant)_
idk how true the word "competitive" can be used when half of the moves in the game has RNG in them... I had a maushold with wide lens, and I still hit the 1%'s on population bomb. Then there's stuff like Paralyze and Flinching moves that can be lucky for the opponent but not for you. Toxic that can infect all of your team if you don't have or lose a counter to it. Not saying these are the worst, but a lot of luck can be involved and I'm honestly amazed stall tactics with Toxic is way more acceptable than stall tactics with sleep; burn is also pretty cool as it's like a minor poison but halves the opponents attack, pretty neat ngl.   But the biggest offender? Pokemon just being forgotten... like Parasect... they did my man's dirty. I'm lucky Showdown has a "national dex" thing, cause then I could see how terastilization would've help him!
I mean zmoves weren't the first, feint has been in the game for a long ass time it's just garbage
dont worry wolfey i heard the koffing joke at the end of the video
"Final nail in the Koffing" ~ WolfeyVGC
Its a bit sad honestly that urshifu has actually turned into my least favourite pokemon out there due to this. It just avoiding a huge part of the skill of competitive and making a lot of strategies or pokemon unviable just by existing is just so frustrating
"The final nail in the Koffing"  That reminds me. Would Galarian Weezing be viable to counter Urshifu in some way?
GameFreak saw how prevalent Protect type moves has been over the years so they created Urshifu and Unseen Fist to speed up the competitive scene.  The biggest problem is how they over corrected this issue with such an powerful Pokemon. Urshifu not only ignores Protect moves but also always deals a critical hit with its signature moves. You just can't tank Urshifu reliably without some kind of water absorb ability which can be played around.
I love the addition of Jamie's Theme at 2:30, perfect background music.
i think people ragequitting on ranked ladder and not getting punished for it, is what is really killing the game for me
The best Urshifu counter is Wo-Chein
Wolfey’s war against anthropomorphic animal pokemon continues
Bidoof.
This fking pokemon was so broken in pokemon unite as well until recently. True dmg always critting moves suck to go up against.....who would have thought?
Worst part is 99% of the time they don't do balance patches (except for lowering stats of ruinous quarter) so even if they accidentally made smth broken, they wouldn't nerf it until the next gen as we saw with Zacian. Expect to see some big nerfs to Urshifu in Gen10 in case it returns again.
WOLFEY OH MY GOD DID YOU ACTUALLY USE THE AQUAS BATTLE ARENA THEME FROM BAKUGAN IN THIS VIDEO???? oh my god youre my goat
they lowkey just need to ban it
yes
Raging Bolt is the another half decent counter i've seen against Urshifu because you get prio over surging strikes with thunderclap and have good enough bulk to eat hits.
All my homies HATE Urshifu!  >I have never competed in a Pkemon tournament in my life
spidops catching the largest stray this entire video 😭😭
Great pun to end the wideo 10/10
And in the indigo disk you get two Pokemon that can ignore protect
I honestly wish there was more of a limit on the pokemon allowed to be used like no legends/mythicals
Final nail in the 'koffing'? is Wolfey teasing something?
Honestly urshifu should just hit partly through protect doing just a 1/3 of the damage going through
clearly the future is to use Toxicroak + toxapex stall with dozo and tera grass ting lu in VGC. Even if you lose you make Urshifu users so mad that it becomes a moral victory.
I can’t tell you how fast I click on a new Wolfie video. It’s embarrassingly fast
They should make both forms restricted in vgc
“The final nail in the Coffing.”  You almost went a full video without a pun. Literally the last word broke that streak. Lol
YES
There’s also dragapult that can bypass protect and it works on physical and spa moves.
I remember catching someone off guard with a G max meowth once, and he couldnt see what pokemon was above it during the battle cause the sprite was too big giving me a advantage, and winning the battle. There are so many little conditions that you just never think of that can completely screw you over when it does happen that one time.
Holy hell, I always forget how great the editing is in these videos.
I'm so glad Urshifu is the only pokemon right now who can do devastating damage through protect. I mean it's not like Game Freak would introduce a paradox pokemon that could hit through shields... right?
3 seconds into the video ( couldn't press pause earlier unfortunely ) yes. Yes it is broken and OP. To ban it Worldi ncrease the skill and diversity of pokemon variety by 9000 stages. Pls. Ban. This. Thingy.
its insane how Urshifu rapid strike seems like it will never fall off.
I definitely think Urshifu needs to get nerfed in Gen 10. Unseen Fist should only do partial damage through Protect and Surging Strikes shouldn't be auto-crit. Wicked Blow being auto-crit makes sense, since Single Strike Urshifu's thing is OHKOing opponents (and you can counter that more reliably). But Rapid Strike's thing is hitting multiple times, which it does with Surging Strikes. It doesn't need the auto-crit on top of that.
The Scarlet/Violet meta became instantly more stale the moment Urshifu was allowed, and has never recovered. I think that proves by itself that Unseen Fist needs to be nerfed.
I think the fact its signature move always crits is a real silent killer as well, cuz it doesn’t even matter if you have raised defenses, so only burn slows down
Leave Urshifu Rapid Strike along, let Dripfu thrive
8:03 cool explanation bro but I know what music is playing in the background here and I can’t tell if that was intentional or not lol.
The shorst answer: yes The long answer: check this video
5:07 I need the song from this oh my goodness that was clean
It feels like smash ultimate steve
Bakugan Battle Brawlers Aquos Arena theme spotted
What if Unseem Fist did partial damage through protect in Gen 10, like say 50% of it's base power. That might help it's ability mean something without being broken or overcentrlaizing
what if they made Urshifu itself unable to learn Protect or Detect?
Unseen Fist should’ve made it so Urshifu can be hit through Protect as well.
5:20 Just play Rayquaza or other Pokemon with broken statlines. If everything goes, then abuse everything. There's usually a reason why German Koffing excludes moves and Pokemon from certain tiers/leagues. Does a good Pokemon with a 6 times omni-boost via Baton Pass really need to run Protect?
Urshifu is NONSENSE. i have been commenting that on a lot of cybertron videos. Lets see a team without landerous, urshifu, fluttermane, or iron hands.
One thing not mentioned is that Urshifu gets access to priority moves. So even under tailwind or trick room, where you should move first, you just don't. The only way to stop Urshifu-S from hitting ducker punch is to not attack, which you can't afford to do infront of it.   Picking Urshifu makes the game play in a very user side favor, but it's not unbeatable, just very difficult to do so
Thanks Wolfey for the great Video! I hope they will nerf its ability someday, maybe with something like the gale wings or protean treatment
I mean everyone has another opportunity to get one  soooo I’d say no. Pre Indigo Disk it’s debatable.
Nah wezinging goze crazy on Nutrlizing gas.
Urshifu was inspired by whitebeard change my mind
Every time, I think of the TerminalMontage Gigantamax Pokémon Battle Royale…  *Lapras uses protect* Urshifu- “You fool! YOU FOOL!!” 😂
1:40 I didn't know that Toxic was that rare and specific as a counter to Protect.
They should nerf Unseen Fist to only work on Punching moves. Or they should get rid of Unseen Fist altogether and make hitting through Protect a feature of Urshufu's signature moves (and they shouldn't autocrit)
There is a form of chess where the knight can move twice in a row. It's called The Flying Knight.  One side plays normal chess with all pieces. The other side gets only a king and a knight, but they get to move twice. The side with only a king and a knight will easily win.
if any1 is ruining the game, it's junichi masuda himself.
The gummy bear stole my wife
Here’s a good nerf for rapid strike. Decrease surging strike power by 10. And or don’t make it a guaranteed crit given it hits 3 times. Or make it hit twice and crit and decrease power from 5-10 so stab doesn’t do as much when you get the brain dead spammer who terra waters. Ive lost too many 3-1 leads to that bs
Bruh was Sun and Moon really released 7 years ago wtf 💀
yes. he is.
Urshifu is ruining the game cause I have to look at its ugly ass every time I want to look at Competitive Pokémon. PUT THOSE GRIPPERS AWAY!!!
Why dont they just Ban Urshifu? Seems logical
for any of you curious as to what the song at 8 minutes in is (not that i'm judging you it slaps), song is Aquos Arena from Bakugan Battle Brawlers, yw!
i HATE everything about urshifu
An idea for a nerf for Urshifu: Make Surging Strikes a priority move instead of a guaranteed critical hit move. It just makes sense thematically, and it could act like a better Water Shrunken.
Urshifu punched my computer monitor when I said the word “fairy” and now I am in the hospital for a hole in my chest as a result of my ribcage counting as a form of protection, pesky Unseen Fist, I should watch what I say for now on
is more easy making the ability bypass protect only 1 time per battle
Urshifu was a mistake. Seriously I play casually online through link battles not even on the stadium and link battles are like the weenie hut jr option for online play and even on that a overwhelmingly majority of the time my opponent has competitive meta pokemon Urshifu included. Like it's ridiculous that Urshifu is this powerful that players just refuse to not use it even in the casual of casual options for online play.  Yes I know before anyone says it link battles have a option for "official rules 1" that doesn't allow "special pokemon", but it is kinda hard to use that option when most player don't agree to it and try to select flat rules so they can use their legendary spam. Say most cause there are those who do agree to it and use non-"spike" teams and I genially have fun going against those players win or lose than the same 10 to 15 meta competitive pokemon.
Honestly competitive should be singles 6v6. The protect meta is lame and boring.
The biggest factor in the success of competitive pokemon is the popularity of the franchise.
Weak energy: Urshifu is a Pokemon that completely breaks the defining counterplay of doubles and shouldnt exist  Strong energy: Urshifu makes Perish Trap unviable so its gotta go
I would like to say that tere is another pokemon who was deleted fror the health of the meta  ASH-GRENINJA  Ash Greninja is basically a Mega Pokemon that doesn't needs a mega stone and can hold any item it desires  Ash Greninja can 2 hit KO a FULL SPECIAL DEFENSE Tyranitar  with every EV on HP and Special Defense, Assault Vest and Sand's special defense boost   Thats with a Water Type Attack... If he goes Tera Figthing he grabs the KO with no problem  With Ferrothorn too, if he goes Tera Fire  And Tera Grass - Grass Knot can deal with any variant of Quagsire and Gastrodon  If he grabs a KO is pretty much game over, he can keep those stats and have a priority move   thats the strongest +1 priority move   Just like Urshifu was not meant to exist in a world with no Dynamax to soften the hit  Ash Greninja was not meant to exist in a world with Tera  he gan grab an additional boost or coverage with almost no drawbacks  So even if i loved the design... Is good to know that Battle Bond was nerfed  Yes, the boost makes Greninja really strong but the fact it goes out if you switch out  Makes it a lot more easy to handle  Thank or lord and savior Arceus
Destiny Bond Overquill
Does covert cloak stop ursis crits?
Literally all they have to do to fix Urshifu is make Unseen Fist do 1/4 damage like every other protect bypassing mechanic. If they want to go the extra step and make players actually think before just mashing the funny punch button, make secondary effects of unique protects like Burning Bulwark, Baneful Bunker, Spiky Shield, etc still proc and take effect. I guarantee you players will think twice before just hammering Surging Strikes if there's an Ogerpon or Gouging Fire on the field if they can take 3x Spiky Shield recoil or get Burnt for their troubles.  As it is, Urshifu is just not skillful at all and the fact you're punished for running Protect the second it hits the field because now you have a dead slot against the Unskillful Bear of Punching and Critical Hits is just ridiculous. I get you want people to buy the expansions but making legendaries that are this blatantly broken is not the way to do it.
Without watching the vid one strike is balanced but rapid strike…. YES IT RUINS THE GAME!
Nothing protects you from Urshifu.
Yes.
Unseen Fist ability is the equivalent of a horror game actually influencing your life. Your one form of consistent comfort is just gone
Dam, I thought it was just the signature move that hit through protect moves
how to balance urshifu Step 1: give other pokemon surging strikes
I miss when I made a team in SS with kangaskan that almost never lost because no one knew this creature's movepull for some reason And now is so hard to put even one nom meta mon
So sick of Urish
Honestly I think to an extent that’s how legendarys/mythicals should be handled. Pretty mediocre stats with a unique ability/move. (Although both seems a little much)
Its pretty worrying that most of the Urshifu counterplays you listed also work as Urshifu partners. This is why we have Urshifu vs Urshifu meta right now
Bring back Jellicent!
Zacian x Death looks so fucking cool 13:31
This feels weird to watch as someone more adept at singles were protect is only used to get more recovery.
Urshifu is truly the Minecraft Steve of Pokemon.
so to make pokemon a good gme you need to remove protect got it
8 40 that music is from the Bakugan video game
"because competitive pokemon is entirely double battles" this dude is WORKING for that Nintendo approval
they need to swap urshifu's attack and special attack stat. that is the only acceptable nerf
Why do you have to go in on my man spidops like that. What did he ever do to you :(
I hate ghosts and bears now.
I just won my first few VGC games! Thanks for the great videos.
wooo wolfe vigeo
I prefer games that allow me to play defensively.
Honestly I’m kinda sick of the “pay to win” line of reasoning when it comes to Urshifu and other legendaries. You’re not paying for the legendary in a vacuum; you’re paying for 2 dlc’s worth of content that happens to include good legendaries
Not as much as Incineroar
Okay, that edit with the PiB2 reference made me exhale.
Another person pronouncing it polkamon
Boohoo
Unseen Fist really needs to be nerfed. Maybe nerf the physical attacks by 25% if the target is protecting themselves.
Urshifu is the gojo of pokemon
Abandon vgc honorably play the oldest comp format singles
I've seen a running theme with Sword and Shield legendaries in that they had counterplay in their home games that is no longer relevant in Scarlet and Violet. Urshifu is not the only example; in Singles, Calyrex-Shadow and Regieleki are ubsurdly powerful pokemon -- arguably the strongest ever -- but they had the restriction of getting completely walled by Dark types and Ground types respectively, which kept them in check. But now, will Terastallation, that's no longer the case. You can easily turn Calyrex into a Fairy type, complete with a strong STAB move, and suddenly, you have an unstoppable monster.
When Wolfey uses the Aquos Arena theme from Bakugan
Bakugan Battle Brawlers - Aquos Arena 8:35
It’s Pokémon like this that make me happy that Pokémon is now doing what’s essentially set rotation   Now if only we could get a generation where Urshifu doesn’t come back
Pokemon should get balance patches at least every Regulation.
They will probably nerf the ability in next generation like what they did with Zacian
New urshifu counter  Contrary Serperior with +2 speed and Leaf storm
“Hatred with Incinceroar ended!  Urshifu is my new worst enemy!”
I love this bear,he has single handedly saved my tailwind teams from being protect-stalled out so many times,so he has my blessings the destroy the mental health of the entire community
Your dismissal of smogon shall not go unnoticed
What about Raging Bolt, Thunderclap and Electric/Stellar Tera Type? Maybe not a great option for switching in while Urshifu is on the field, but great if already on the field
I mean it is a great pokemon but honestly I do not have many problems fighting him. My main problems is flutter mane at this point and as silly as it sounds torkoal 😅
to make matters worse, the tournament that is going on the same time this video was posted has urshifu dark usage stats that are only .5 less than rapid (22% and 21.5%)
Urshifu change the competitive world of pokemon. Urshifu the greatest of all time!
I think an interesting way to nerf Unseen Fist is to add recoil when hitting through Protect, almost like it has put so much effort into breaking Protect that it hurts
hoopa was the first who can surpass protect btw
Why don’t they just ban Urshifu at this point?
Unrelated but the thumbnail is UNBELIEVABLY hard
Great vid man keep it up
As a Pokémon Unite player, yes Urshifu ruins the game     (Note: it did recently get nerfs that make it fair, but for almost all of its lifespan on Unite either single strike, rapid strike, or both were stupidly strong and annoying to play against)
Koffing?!   Great video. Nice production, good script.
i’m convinced. we need to ban Steve from competitive Smash Ultimate
I feel like an easy nerf for Urshifu Is just to make it deal 1/2 or 1/4 damage through protect instead of full. It then still has its gimmick, but doesn’t fully negate protect.
Me: *reads the video title* Me: *sees the thumb* Me: yes
Nintendo having the IP ruined the game buddy. Dogshit 5fps console
We need that monopoly looking jellyfish to make a return, he would be our only hope against urshifu rapid strike
The final nail in the KOFFING
When they added tyranitar to Pokémon unite they make it totally ignore shields that is acceptable but when they added urshifu they make it ignore a certain part of the shield like what is it logic? And also Wolfe I know you wanna play unite after hearing they added urshifu metagross and the most legendary Pokémon magikarp also 🙃🙃
"Our tragic tale begins all the way back in sword and shield" a phrase im sure has never been uttered before
i might be crazy but i wish tera would stay i feel like its been the best gimmick so far
when is capcom gonna copyright strike, the ace attorney music is Prevalent
The real question, will urshifu overtake incineroar as your most hated pokemon
Though the more abilities force the meta, the more value neutralizing gas weezing has...
Is that the bakugan music from the Wii game around 9:00?
What’s up with the Spidops disrespect
Urshifu is the worst the worst the worst the worst the worst. 0 reason to have another legendary none the less be able to bypass protect, ban it in all future gens gamefreak  PLEASE for the health of thia game. Urshifu is literally a lazy mans slaking lite
If they buffed its signature moves base power and made them have normal or -1 crit rate counter play could exist in defense boosts, screens, and intimidate. This would make its ability far less oppressive by just letting resisting Pokemon take its hits much better. I am also not apposed to doing reduced damage through protect 1/2 to 1/4 damage would also afford counter play.
Coundnt wheezings neutralizing gas negate unseen fist?
2:18 thats not correct. If you never previously purchased sword and shield, which has a decent likely hood as there were no official VGC tournaments for this game, you have to pay an egregious $90 if u cant find it being sold as used somewhere
Regileki with Electro Ball in the corner and an extremely bulky non terastilized Archaludon with Thunderbolt in the corner:
Imagine is GF was willing to cultivate their competitive scene by banning their own creations.
no zacian was ruining the game urshafu is beatabile some with its suport
this is a GOOD video wolfey great job
They should at least lower the power of its signature move or make its ability able to hit through protect but at half power
They should nerf this ability same way they did with Gale Wings, making it work only if the pokemon is at full HP.
wolfe how about tailwind support or scarfed regieleki max speed and max special attack with storm drain next to it
can you leave the moves/abilities on the screen a bit longer... really annoying if i immedaite pause, and still miss it
Urshifu is a pokemon who playing 5D chess while you playing checkers. you can't protect, you cant slow it with intimitade, you can't boost your defense. i hate this pokemon with passion.
Given how Pokémon that dominate or centralize VGC like this do tend to get nerfed, I think it is fair to say Urshifu will get some changes next generation, assuming it is in the generation at all of course. Question is what those changes will be and if they will be effective.
I love the bakugan battle brawlers game music in the background lol
Having the same urshifu icon in team preview is just cruel.
And this is why I feel that they should’ve nerfed Unseen Fist before bringing it in.
Wicked blow that subscribe button! Rapid strike that bell! 😅
I know you've been referring to VGC as just "competitive pokemon" forever and it's largely fine, but "because competitive pokemon is *entirely* double battles," ...you think you could tone it down? That felt like a pretty avoidable slight. Singles players like myself work hard and do not acknowledge that it's a less serious format, which is hopefully not what you wish to imply.
Honestly, I don't think ANY Mythical or Legendary Mons should be allowed in competitive at all. These overpowered creatures should be for story or unranked battles.
Torn is worse for me ngl but urshifu is a close second
Why isn’t Urshifu just banned from vgc?
Spidops getting stray shots through out the video 😂
Can't wait for GF to make a regional Shedninja with Dark/Ghost typing
Yes it works so well that everyone uses the same 10/1000 every meta switch
Urshifu really should have been a mythical
Urshifu surging strike: dominates games Raging bolt : hello m**erf**ker
Yea but can you really call ultra sun and moon "sequels"
Pokémon truly have broke all limits
They should have made it woth only punch moves(still not balnaced but it is at least more balanced, also it has fist in the name),
I don't think Ultrasun/moon sold poorly for being a sequel, because it wasn't a sequel. It was practically the same game with a few changes.
Legendaries are unfun in VGC and wildly immersion breaking.
Who did the Urshifu behind a cracked screen background? One of your editors? Or was it commissioned?
Yes and no. Urshifu is just one of teh ugly cases of the game not being meant to be competitive. Incineroar invalidates like 60-80% of other supports by being the ultimate support. Legendaries like kyogre, Gorudon, Zecian, Calyrex both of them, some mythicals, and some pseudo legendaries all being oppressive. I can't think of any time competitive pokemon probably wasn't oppressive and homogenized in VGC format. Also Gen 5 brought us the genies which all suck to deal with. Eventually or maybe once gen 10 comes there will be one team with answers to everything so only that team is always used. Its pretty much this almost already. Also Terastilization really wasn't a healthy edition to teh game but the gimmicks usually never are.
All I will say is that I hope it is kept out of gen 10.
Unseen Fist? More like Unseen forme at Team Preview. How can I prepare for something when it literally looks the same?
“Incineroar smirking“ a worthy successor
Is it weird for me to know where this music is from at the start of 8:03?
One of the disadvantages of making high quality content that takes a really long time is being super late to the current convos about the meta. Urshifu ain't even that problematic anymore lol
amoongus can’t stop urshifu   millions must effect spore
Me: Sees urshifu or boulder Also me: pretends I don't have protect button
To nerf urshifu he could bypass a protect move but either do less damage and still take the effect like with king shield its attack would be lowered and remouve the always crit option just make it high crit ratio
Wow Wlofey, a rare miss smh. How dare you insult our Glorious King Lord and Savior Spidops the Spooky 😔
something to note is that even in singles, where protect isn't as nearly common, Ursifu is still extremely extremely powerful which is why it got banned
I use a bulky wheezing to deal with that dumb ability.
Urshifu is more easy to deal with nowadays its still strong but not as much as it was before... if they were to make a change of urshifu i would just remove the crits that would be a huuuuge nerf without touching its ability
Its funny just how much wolfey dunks on spidops in a video about a kung fu bear
Wolfe finally accepting banning certain mons is not a bad idea because game freak doesn't know what is doing anymore.
Urshifu is one of the bigger reasons I haven’t really touched competitive at all during this generation
Nail in the Koffing? Really?
New title- how to beat Urshifu...kinda
I would say the game is completely balanced. Because your opponent can also have an urshifu... D:
Short answer yes long answer no middle answer maybe... 😅 poke MON gotta catchem all PokeMon
all my homies use tera water neutralising gas weezing galar to protect in urshifu's face. also joking aside something quite funny about urshifu in singles (im talking about national dex for any singles players wondering) is that one of it's strongest sets in my experience actually turns off its ability. if you give it a punching glove, none of its punch moves make contact which is very beneficial in nat dex for tearing through ferrothorn, as well as boosting their power. i run it timid with the usual max speed attack ev spread with surging strikes, drain punch, bulk up and a coverage move of choice (usually thunder punch with tera electric, which is extremely nasty in electric or grassy terrain), and it's one of the best sweepers i've ever used. since 99% of them are scarf it puts on huge pressure to force switches, which gives you free bulk ups, then you click a boosted stab drain punch to heal, tera electric to become immortal, and your surging strikes completely ignores rocky helmet, iron barbs and rough skin while doing more damage with both punching glove and an attack boost. nobody is dumb enough to protect in front of it anyway, since both punching glove and protect aren't common, so you may as well still have unseen fist
Honestly obe of the only things holding Urshifu together has been Wellspring Mask Ogerpon(who has water absorb) and fluttermane. If both just ceased to exist like hidden Power being a move then the meta would've been just Bear.
13:27 Ye olde sword dog putting the fear of god in us once again…
I love the list of moves you gave as examples of moves that make contact. Like, I guarantee you Sucker Punch isn’t hitting through protect for other reasons. :P
The only thing I would say is that the video is somewhat outdated due to the strength of raging bolt against urshifu water+ tornadus both in how bulky he is and how good thunderclap is against them
Urshifu is daddy
But what if water absorb jellicent?
Or, you could pay USD35
I can't believe you would openly post anti-Urshifu propoganda            (the big bear himself has gotten wind of this, assassins will be sent to dispatch of you shortly)
Me, a yugioh player: Ah. I see youve found your Maxx "C"
1:04 ....what do you mean nearly?
Wolfe didn`t mentioned anything about banning urshifu. Is there any reason for that? Maybe they don`t ban any pokemon at all? I`m quite new to competative pokemon, so I don`t know. I just thought that if the player base doesn`t like it being here, they could ban it from competative play :)
Answer: Yes
That point about strength is really interesting. Yeah sure you're not the strongest, but if you can literally cheat the system or ignore the glue that holds it together and get away with it AND receive 0 draw backs for it *AND* are still very strong, you kinda hold the game in your hands. It's like if the 10th best basketball player got to just run with the ball like a football player. There are better options and possible counterplay but the game now centralizes around them.
There are a bunch of ways Urshifu could be nerfed to make it more manageable, but the very fact that it kinda needs those nerfs is telling. It's not as if Gamefreak has a problem with weakening OP pokemon, either- Zacian and Zamazenta both got whacked with a nerfbat (albeit possibly not a large enough one) in S/V, after all.  Possible ideas for nerfing Urshifu would be: 1) Make it deal reduced damage through protect; even a 50% drop would be huge. 2) Make it only able to hit through protect once per battle. 3) Make it unable to crit through protect. 4) Make it suffer damage each time it attacks through protect. 5) Make it take double damage from incoming attacks when it attacks through protect.
Love how the suggested video after is “How I trolled a Pokémon Tournament” after the  Koffing pun 😂
i quit VGC bc of this mon jus genuinely unfun to play against and to be forced to use
Curious... would urshifu be absolutely amazing in Smash?
If lucky chant hadn't been removed in gen 7, I wonder if it would've seen any use.
I agree Urshifu makes the game much less interesting, but I hope it gets a nerf rather than becoming illegal. Something like what dynamax and gen z moves had with protect, dealing only 1/4th of the damage
I would be cool with a nerf similar to max moves. Where he can hit through protect but it does 1/5 damage. 1/5 to offset the fact it will be crit.   Otherwise I would also be okay with just making it vgc illegal. But that takes the fun out of using pokemon you like and makes more sense to balance the pokemon
Hopefully they nerf its dmg to 15% after protect
Yes.
urshifu is like Vergil in Marvel vs Capcom 3. EASYILY worth 3 pokemon.
Nah, Protect is too OP and its existence means you have to deal with a 50/50 situation a lot of the time. In fact, we need more moves that bypass protect (like Hyper Drill). The big problem here, is that GF is giving these abilities or moves to legendary pokémon that are really really good, like Urshifu or Iron Boulder. We need more regular moves that bypass protect that regular Pokémon can learn
Dealing 50% damage like with Dynamax would be a good nerf. But I think it's unfair anyway. I personally would give Urshifu a totally different ability and let people Protect normally. The guaranteed crits already broken on their own.
THE BAKUGAN MUSIC ❤
Seems someone have been losing some battles against Urshifus 🤭
These thumbnails recently are really awesome
I think you got it spot on.  I kind of have some fun trying to come up with ways to beat or counter Urshifu, but I think the game would be and was a lot better without it.
i learned the hard way that holding a punching glove cancels out your own unseen fist 🐼🥊
I think I have trace because my screen protector doesn’t work when i face Urshifu
why did my boy spidops catch so many strays 😭😭😭😭
I feel like Unseen Fist taking a nerf could be the easiest answer. If moves did half damage, maybe even down to quarter damage, Protect might still feel worth clicking
I honestly have become numb to Urshifu and Tornadus because I dedicate two slots to counters and usually clean up free wins if they lead with them
5:07 So right here, as soon as Urshifu opened it's eyes, I got an ad with someone busting through a wall Perfect metaphor for what's to come
Best nerf to urshifu would be that yes unseen fist can go through protect and substitute but its guaranteed crits are removed from its signiture moves.
watch as gen 10 removes protect
It is a real shame they got rid of Lucky Chant in the generation where it could have been a legitimate tech option.
9:34 Home compatability coming to Scarlet and Violet is an interesting way to use the term "all too quickly".
"The final nail in the coffing", what a way to end the video
Power creep is about to turn into Hater Creep
15:22 That’s a clean animation!
Rock rock rock is my favorite competitive game
“Just because it’s going well doesn’t mean their presence isn’t a huge overall negative on the game. Having something that breaks the rules of the game also be so powerful simply isn’t fun.”  *cough* STEVE *cough*
I will not tolerate anymore spidops slander
Of course, most of this nonsense only applies to Doubles, but don't worry, sports fans! Urshifu is still stupidly busted in Singles, just much less so.
Based Wolfe using Flirt with Bomb
I thought Raging bolt + latias walls urshifu lando -I and turnadus
It works and Smogon proves that, the actual people that are ruining competitive are the people that take care of vgc
It's so sad no one talks about Lumineon. It has storm drain like Gastrodon but can set up tailwind and slow opponents with icy wind. It doesn’t do anything against Urshifu but it enables its team mate to wreak havoc while ignoring surging strikes. Lumineon and Landorus T is such a nice lead against Urshifu and Tornadus I for example.
I think an easy solution (beyond just changing the base ability outright) is to make it do 10% damage through protect (or even make any hits through protect not very effective) and disable any critical hits. In addition, it should not bypass the secondary effects of protecting moves (like King's Shield or Spiky Shield).
What if they just built Protect into the game as a Defend command or something? If your gonna make it teachable to every mon, might as well save us the move slot
The Yakuza music drop was *chef’s kiss.
I can’t believe the bakugan Aquos theme was in this video, really nice touch!
Been waiting for a big name in the community to address this, every single team I build I find 60/70% of the consideration going to Urshi. I really don’t believe a meta should be so dependent on whether or not it can handle 1 Pokemon, being able to hit through protect and crit through buffs is actually insane
Stopping Urshifu while possible but the fact that very few can stop it is kind of crazy not to mention all the potential teammates. Like u want to stop Urshifu well it gets teamed up with Incenroar or of course Kyogre
Silly old bear
What about Raging Bolt?
Thumbnail!!!
Final nail in the koffing 💀
Allowing crits to bypass stat drops is stupid
For every new busted Ability, I become more and more attached to Cofagrigus and Mummy than I already am.   I miss them :,(
yes
Honest question: wouldn't pokemon be better if all legendaries and mythical pokemons were banned? I mean, there is plenty of mons to work with and it seems every meta has the same top legendaries and other supporting cast around it. Have they ever tried to go without those pokemons that have broken stats and abilities?
8:04 I like the Bakugan, Battle Brawlers theme in the background.
I just do casual battles online with my favs. If I fight an opponent using all legendaries, I'll at least be content if I can knock out JUST the Urshifu. That's how annoyed I am about it. If I'm gonna get stomped on by legendaries I'm at least taking the bear down with me
Hope that someday,Strategic scene would be like playtrough,I would love to send my Aggron in a battle against other player just like a normal fight .
Urshifu was a mistake for any attempt at game balance
Short answer, yes
Does Wolfy know that Insinaroar is back
I know this video is about Urshifu, but the music in the background is funny to hear it for especially for rapid strikes Urshifu.  Its the aquos theme
Next gen we'll get a pokemon that prioriry switches and protects the swapped ally.
"Sun and moon was 7 Years ago" Me: AYO WTF
Started vibing halfway through with the Bakugan music, besides that, great video
2:17 or orrrr hear me out, Gen/clone urshifu for free.99 perfect IVs moveset and all.
I've always hated protect.
Atleast in the indigo disk they added an semi-counter in archaludon, which stamina helps it and when its raining, it can 1-shot urshifu with electro shot, and its an not umcommon mon( semi-counter because urshifu can use close combat against it)
I only really play Showdown right now, but the game definitely changes whenever Urshifu hits the field. I can feel the strategy leaving my body as I mash attack moves because protecting has the chance to just lose me the game.
You don't need to watch the video to know the answer is yes
I will do one push up for every like this comment gets
You’re just mad you got caught in Spidops’ sticky web
I cant wait for koraidon to be legal so the stupid bear has consistent counterplay with sun plus double resist
I think Urshifu should have to hold a specific item to activate its ability, similar to Zacian. So you can hit through protect if you wanna run that item, but NOT while running a Choice Band set for example
Palworld is not pokemon after watching people play more than 10 mins. it is just like ark but with cutesy monsters.
Is that the bakugan aquos arena theme from the nds I hear at 8:05 ?
Iron boulder looking in the shadow waiting for miraidon to be legal so he can break protect and been faster than urshifu
Saw the thumbnail, gotta say yes on this one
hi
Ah yes, but you see, I hate protect.
play palworld
I think that, next generation, Urshifu's ability should be reduced to a once-per-battle kind of thing. It would still be decidedly strong, but it would lose effectiveness after that first moment.
I do apprciate the use of Mustards battle music in the backround because he is the one who gifts us this wonderful Kung Fu bear lol
And smogon is out here banning gliscor lmao
Unseen fist is very very broken but like competitive Pokemon is wild because it’s a mix of luck and skill + there are so many options, abilities, and variables
ultra s/m is a disaster for casuals ig… I’m still hunting on it literally as we speak since they decided to shiny lock all good targets in the scarlet violet dlc.. ultra sun and moon are the best shiny hunting games, we’ll for hunter that don’t only hunt when they can raise their odds to like 1/100 lmao
Technically speaking, Hoopa woud have been the first pokemon to do what urshifu does, albiet to a lesser extent (they do bypass substitutes as well, but its tied to a move instead of an ability), but being a mythical probably keeps it out of VGC relevancy.
Love to hear Jamie’s theme in here 💪
Protects isint stoping urshifus from multiplying
ow, single strike bear
What is this spidops slander? Leave my boy alone
Nice
Yes. The answer is yes. Video done
Urshifu ❌ Mienfu ✅
The thumbnail artist deserves a bonus
Well yes but I like breaking protect so no.
Strong thumbnail
Ayooo I’m early for the first time to one of Wolfeys video!!!
This is why urshifu is my boi. If trained right its worth every shield break.
This bear is the big main reason I don’t play vgc much. ATROCIOUS game design.
I hope its not in gen 10
yes
My goat urshifu could never ruin the game
Am I crazy or does anyone else hear the Bakugan wii game ost at like 8 minutes in?
I'm not happy on how they're handling "special" Pokémon on the competitive scene, the genies' new moves are disgusting, only a few Pokemon that get extra attention are usable, but who cares
I tried a team without protect, worst experience of my life
The answer is complicated. It’s not ruined. Attendance is higher than ever. I think this Pokémon shouldn’t be allowed it’s to good.   There is the answer I scrolled to the end.
Idk probably
this pokemon is ruining the game
Now hold on! Baddy Bad is meta defining and you know it, Wolfe.
Honestly No Urshifu is just a pretty cool bear
Now I'm waiting for:" How I got 1st in the world with Spidops"
Basically yeah, or at least making it more boring. It's just too good and not interesting.
Oh nice music choice, Jamie theme is great. Makes sense considering urshifu has a bit of fighting game flavor.
Everyone: "Urshifu is broken and should be nerfed!"  Me: "NUH UH!!" *Refuses to elaborate*
New wolfey vid!!!
Gen 10 will introduce a Pokemon with an ability that will negate any and all damage. It will be the immovable object to Urshifu's unstoppable force.
They really need to nerf his ability to only do 25-50% damage when attacking through protect
Yes it is. It's boring and uniquely strong
hi i love ur vids hope u see this
They really need to nerf the Unseen Fist ability, not only does it hit through Protect and Screens, it even hits through video screens
Yes...the answer is yes.
🔥🔥🔥🔥
I wish I played competitive SV before the legendaries were added
Urshifu stole my identity and burned my family home to the ground 😢
POV: Urshifu one punching you
Compettive pokemon is garbage
Yes
YEEEEEE new Wolfey video!
blud is the goat
Unpopular oppinion: it's not Urshifu that's broken, it's Protect. Urshifu being one of the only things being able to handle it, just goes go show how little counter play there is, and how strongly players relay on it. What do you think?
Finally, someone let the Wolfe out
1 minute gang
Well, the most important thing to mention is that Pokémon isn’t making the game with competitive entirely in mind (take a look at Mega Rayquaza if you want evidence), and moreso the profitable parts like marketable designs. With that being said, I do feel that some action should be taken about the general powercreep plaguing SV. Overall, I’m betting that this video will be very informative to express my points is overall better ways!
I wouldn't mind Urshifu being good if it didn't have one of the lamest designs of any Legendary.
Urshifu: You can't stop me because I can't read or listen!
YES! This is what I’ve needed, a wolfey vid
Love your Extreme mentality
Oh no, Urshifu punched through my phone screen.
Yes it is.
Saw the title and immediately knew this was about urshifu😂 Great video Wolfe!
Tldw: yes
Sub minute gang!!!
I mean we could just stop pokemon from working ig
Glad Urshifu's is not in Doubles OU in Pokemon showdown 😂
Wait am I first?
first
Wideo
Its been out for 25 seconds, ive watched 26 seconds
yippee
Where inciniroar
14 sec
first
Hi
Hey!
Love your stuff man
Thanks to Holzkern for sponsoring this video! Head to https://holzkern.com/wolfeyvgc and use my code "wolfey15" to get 15% off your purchase store-wide for that special someone this Valentine's Day.
