The Fallout Show has released and it is WAY better than anyone expected it to be! Who would have thought staying true to the source material could work out so well for a television adaption?? Anyways, here is why I loved the show!  COME JOIN THE ACT CLAN DISCORD SERVER ➤ https://discord.gg/actman
Revisiting this video makes me wonder if this an out of date April fools joke?
making excuses for this shit if incorrigible. hard to imagine enjoying an act man video after this.
14:57 - 15:19 The future of Fallout looks bright
10:46 - 10:58 Very well done fan service. Music to my ears 😊❤
Season 2 comes out December 17.
Can't wait till season 2.
The show was absolutely bad
what i like about the fallout tv show is as i was watching it was actually little things like music like the landscape they show off the world of fallout that the breath is like a character crosses the desert is this beautiful
yao gai confrontation was hilarioud because you in rhe game deal with yao guai without power armor.
I think a very important part to think about with comedy in more serious settings are two things. One, is it balanced enough with the primary tone the show/movie is trying to set. And secondly, would it be something you would laugh at if you were involved. Like the scene with the thaddeus and the music guy and his traps. It's funny to us because we're watching it from an outside perspective. But if we were to be in that situation ourselves we wouldn't be laughing. So, I think being able to do that, while mixing the tone and funny well enough make it work.
It's funny, I googled "Fallout tv show was overrated" and this is one of the results lol.  Google is pushing the fucking show onto people who didn't even like it.
I started the show because I’m a big fan of Walton Goggins, but I was not expecting to love Ella Purnell as Lucy as much as I did
OMG TOURISTS NEED TO GTFO. THE SHOW IS BOOBOO
Retcon is just in my mind then...
Come to see the shills defending this retcon breaking shit show, was not disappointed
this show literally breaks the lore and the writing is mostly garbage, not surprised you redditors enjoyed this slop. can't wait for season 2 to break new vegas lore
For a guy who likes Fallout New Vegas to say the TV show is good is an insult. Evidently all his taste is in his mouth.
I’m a little late to the party with season 2 right around the corner, but I’ll chime in.  Most of my experience with _Fallout_ comes from playing New Vegas, though I’ve played a good amount of 3 and 4, too.  I enjoyed the show. It was well-made in just about every way. Good writing, good cinematography, etc.  The effects were a little over-the-top and the tone was a bit lighthearted for my tastes (I prefer darker, grittier settings like say, _The Book of Eli_ ), but that’s just personal preference. There’s nothing wrong with that at all, and it still feels like _Fallout_ .  I do care about the lore and the show contradicts/retcons what’s established, but in ways that I can sweep under the rug for the most part.  For example (spoilers in this paragraph), while it was awesome to see Robert House, the fact that he as well as Frederick Sinclair were at the council where the decision to drop the bomb was made implies that they were in on it. That’s not necessarily an issue, but in New Vegas, it is NOT implied that they were in on the Great War at all. Quite the opposite. You can talk to Mr. House about this in the game and he pretty much says that he couldn’t save the world, but he could save Vegas, and set out to work immediately back in 2065. He wasn’t able to prepare everything in time and as a result, almost died. It’s also odd how some of the people in Vault 32 like Hank are perfectly ambulatory despite being 200 years old, when Mr. House is not, being confined to his life-support chamber, considering he was a “billionaire 30 times over” by the time he was 30 years old. If they along with all the people who were cryo-frozen can be thawed out without any issues, why can’t House? He was in a coma for most of those 200 years anyway, and he even says that it was “very costly” to survive that long. It is NEVER implied that House was conspiring with Vault-Tec to instigate the nuclear war.  The only connection that House has with Vault-Tec is that the Pip-Boys and computer terminals were created by RobCo, House’s multi-billion-dollar company. While this COULD explain things, again, the implication that House was actually conspiring with Vault-Tec isn’t found anywhere in New Vegas.  And Sinclair (spoilers here too) had a couple issues too, though these are more nitpicky. First, his only appearance is at the Sierra Madre Casino. You can find his skeleton there right outside the casino vault, and you can find a mosaic of him in the casino itself; he is not overweight or in his 60’s like the Sinclair you see in the show. Furthermore, you can find bits of lore all over the Sierra Madre, which all implies that the whole casino was built to protect Vera Keyes from a potential nuclear war and its aftermath, though advertised as a place where anyone could “begin again.” It didn’t quite work out that way and you can find out what happened by playing the _Dead Money_ DLC for New Vegas, but it’s NEVER implied that Sinclair was conspiring with Vault-Tec to instigate the nuclear war.  Furthermore, (spoilers in this paragraph), in the show, Sinclair represents Big MT, which doesn’t make any sense. Big MT is run by the Think Tank plus Dr. Mobius, whom you can meet in the _Old World Blues_ DLC for New Vegas. In the bits of lore you can find in Big MT as well as the Sierra Madre, it’s shown that Sinclair signed a deal with Big MT to have holograms (for security and services) and vending machines that turn Sierra Madre casino chips into various useful things like food, booze, medicine, and ammo at the casino in exchange for allowing Big MT to use the casino for their own experiments. Behind Sinclair’s back in this contract was the Cloud, which Big MT unleashed upon the casino and it had lethal effects on people. This is why you see the Ghost People and the Cloud in the Sierra Madre when you visit it; they’re the construction workers who got sealed up inside their hazmat suits because the Cloud corroded the clamps. It’s also heavily implied in the lore you find at the Sierra Madre that Sinclair was going through some serious financial hardships and hired Mr. Yesterday to cut as many corners as he could when working on the villa outside the casino while the casino itself was as perfect as money could buy. Sinclair does NOT represent Big MT.  Also, Repconn is represented at the council, which also doesn’t make a lot of sense because Repconn, against the wishes of its original owner, Leonard Steeple, was purchased by Mr. House in 2075. It was sold in a similar fashion as when Oscorp was almost sold to Quest Aerospace in the first Sam Raimi _Spider-Man_ movie; Steeple was very clear that he wanted Repconn to stay independent, but the offer from Mr. House was too tender for the shareholders to ignore, not to mention the corporate espionage. You can visit the Repconn HQ in New Vegas and find bits of lore about it, and Arcade Gannon will tell you some information about it too, if he comes with you.  I’ll give the show some credit though: after Steeple stepped down, his position was taken over by Julia Masters, and she represents Repconn in the TV show. THAT is a great attention to detail.  The last nitpick I have (though this was clarified by Todd Howard in an interview) is that (again spoilers) it’s implied that Shady Sands, the capital of the NCR, was destroyed in 2277, four years before the events of New Vegas, which doesn’t make any sense. Todd clarifies that the detonation actually happens AFTER the events of New Vegas, so it’s probably just an oversight. Still, it does bother me a little bit that Shady Sands was nuked. I mean sure, it could totally happen in the timeline, but that kind of erases a lot of the lore established by the entire _Fallout_ story from the first game all the way up to New Vegas. It devalues all the stuff that happened and all the things you did with the characters you play as in those respective games. The Courier walking the Lonesome Road and winning Hoover Dam for the NCR? All that game time only for Shady Sands to get nuked like that? I mean, I suppose it’s a good way to get the audience to hate Hank MacLean even more, but I personally think it wasn’t the best choice.  Those things are all forgivable, though. I just keep the scene of the Vault-Tec council out of my head-canon because of these nitpicks, plus I would personally prefer that the origins of the Great War are left unexplained. Some things are better left that way, and in my opinion, who struck first falls under that umbrella.
It's to Fallout what the Halo series was to Halo and I'm tired of the whole world insisting Amazon's piss on our legs is actually rain
The fallout series on Amazon is legit the only great adaptation of a game series 😮taken to the big screen I have ever had the pleasure to watch! With the exception of the Warhammer series coming out with Henry who is an avid warhammer player and fan.
14:35 overlooked nja i mrzn i expect u never cared for the lore anyways
4:26 same with fallout
Honestly the show when you turn you brain off is good , but something like destroying the ncr by just nuking shady sands , or blaming vault tech for the bombs , and destroying the brotherhood of steel ideas and principles and just making them into a cult
The Fallout Show is unbelievably good! If you dont care about the fact that it is not Lore Accurate AT ALL. Nothing more than a show wearing the face of Fallout. No substance, just surface.
Some of these comments are funny 😂
Hard disagree. The show butchers the lore, makes everyone a moron, and has completely nonsensical writing. In new Vegas, House was a genius that predicted the nuclear war and defended Las vegas. In the show he is a moron that spouts things like "there's a lot of profit in the end of the world". In the show, all the top ceo's come to the conclusion that nuking the world is the best way to win capitalism. Killing all your customers and destroying all your factories and supply lines wins capitalism. Im not sure I've heard anything so idiotic in any show before. The brotherhood go from being technophile recluses to frat boy soldiers that take over towns. The Enclave is back even though they got nuked out of the area at the end of fallout 2. The plot holes, plot armor, and terrible writing abound. The list goes on, and on, and on. The show does not remind me of what I like about fallout. It reminds me that Bethesda has taken what was once a masterfully written IP about the survivors of a nuclear holocaust and the morally grey and nuanced lives they lead with sprinkles of dark humor, and turned it into a goofy post-apocalyptic themed amusement park.  This guy sums it up best: https://youtu.be/Y1t5FXBDwkw?si=GtovaDW6DwJH0hAI
I Guess you did not play Fallout, Fallout 2 and New Vegas, or are just happy to ignore them? The TV Show seeks to destroy them all, and the second season will completely obliterate New Vegas. So Enjoy it, and I'll Hate it.
The last time I watched this show (and the first time) I remember not liking it. Probably because I watched it in one go without sleep.
I feel like Goggins os an underrated actor every role i see him play he does great especially in the hateful eight. Ive heard people praise his role in django which was good but just didn't get to know his character as good as his performance in the hateful eight
I just saw it and I don’t get the review It was cheesy and shit all the way through
This man clearly misses the entire retcon they did to fallout 1 and new vegas.. of course. He didnt play the old ones
Dog sh*t
I thought the show was great except for the BoS being a bunch of cowardly, petty, nonsensical, immature, moronic weirdos. I didn't play much of the first 2 games so maybe they were like that in those games? They weren't in 3, 4, and New Vegas.
Wearing that suit might get you crucified at the Legion camp...
Terrible show that disrespects it's lore and setting.
Rip headphone users at 7:37
I do wish the NCR wasn’t just obliterated, what was considered the best faction next to the brotherhood of steel is just gone I think is a waste of content, personally, I would’ve preferred a political crisis, like a mutant threat that translates into a internal civil war, manifesting selfishness and humanity’s deep flaws proving war never changes.
Here is the thing, the supposed retcons may not actually be retcons. They understand their audience hilariously well, and damn well know the effect that inserting seemingly lore-breaking information into the show will have. They legit blast you with information you will miss because they want you missing the sheer attention to detail that the showrunner have with the lore. Vault-tec lowkey possessing cold fusion, the NCR possessing anti-air because they operate Vertibirds as well as the potential hint at a broader conflict between the NCR and the Brotherhood, the supposed mishandling of Ghoul/FEV lore, and so much more is just innocuously place within plain view to inevitably be missed as people are stuck processing the boatload of info they are straight up told. It should be hugely telling that the Brotherhood we see on screen is not the Brotherhood that should be operating in this part of the country and the NCR should be able to muster an equivalent force, if not larger, as they beat the Brotherhood before when the NCR was still nation building. I am a pretty big fan of the OG games and the information presented seems to be leading in a pretty sweet direction. They seem to be respecting direction that FNV was taking the west coast.
My favorite detail is like the enclave scientist's head gets chopped off in episode 2, and then in episode 3 when it's just his decapitated head, they still credit the actor, fucking amazing.
My absolute favorite thing about the show compared to everything else is seeing the monsters appear in the show as they appear in the game
Nah its mid
7:28 why does that mans mustache look like Joseph stalins mustache
This is a hot take. Fallout was so bad.
Man i loved that i watched this with my dad
The show was trash honestly. Magnus is such a God awful character, he genuinely feels like a villain. The only good character was the Dog, which everyone treated like trash. The biggest issue is not being serious though, have your silly moments, just not every freaking scene.
I personally hated Maximus and his character I thought he was goofy every scene besides when he was at the vault having a good time that was funny. But his story bored the hell out of me most of the time and The Ghoul is a great character as welll as Lucy she’s great
It's hilarious how wrong you are on so many levels. Faithful to the franchise? True to the source material? This has to be some powerful trip you're on to say so many lies.
Fan service done right… It’s REALLY hard to do. But somehow, they just found the exact amount and timing for it.  I appreciated that they did not put the line ‘war … war never changes’ at the beginning or end. Both would have been alright, but kinda cliche. Them putting it on episode 7/8 speaks to a level of refinement on thinking about this that is just not from this world.
Ned Flanders in the apocalypse… omg … the accuracy of this statement broke my brain
I literally can’t believe how good fallout is considering all the failures of adaptions and remakes that have been polluting the landscape in the last decade.  It’s like maxing out on luck and finding an alien rail gun walking in the waste randomly. It shouldn’t been there. It’s sophisticated and amazing. And you found it somehow !
It’s been 8 months where is season 2
Show didnt freeze and crash before Lucy got out of the vault. Totally inaccurate to the game. 0/10.
What's always gets me crazy is how most tv/movie studios can somehow mess up a already established universe with a expansive, rich, and deep lore with soooo much potential and literally has a built in audience; can somehow still manage to ruin it by not sticking to the original source material or at least paying honor to it. The fallout show does great because they stick to the original source material, while also still adding a refreshing new story to the mix.
Are you Jewish ?
Arcane - heads/ edge runners - haven't watched it / the last of us - bad cast and didn't even wanna watch it.
only complaints was too many "slow mo fight scenes" supposed to get a rise out of me. sure theyre cool but keep them more breif. it felt forced by the 3rd or 4th one
The show was sh7.
Fun fact: my old german teacher watched the hallo tv show and told me he liked it after seeing a master chief wallpapper on my phone. I almost. Killed him that day
the fact that it really makes you wonder what the fuck is going on (in a good way) as a fallout fan is just pure gold
I’m not a robot I’m just no entertained by middle school level comedy
It sucked.
I gota praise this show. Honors the game very well and slomo shots are cool and make perfect sense since it is a game feature. Only thing i missed was more diferent monsters. Hope season 2 brings a live deathclaw, becouce it is been in all games and mist iconic monster, but skull good too.
In hindsight, this show is ass, it’s full of so many problems retcons and mistakes
Hey nice thing much with the sly cooper music in the background, peak!
It’s a good turn off your brain and consoom show, but the writing is just awful it truly has that Bethesda charm 😂
Trash
this show sucked and your a failure of a critic. the only reason I could think of that you could be so neglectful of the gaping plot holes with this show is that you were paid off.
Fallout season 2 being in new Vegas has got to be the biggest gamble in all of tv show/video game history
I think they did NCR (and presumeably New Vegas) pretty dirty considering it was supposed to be like people finally making the return to the civilization but lmao here comes Vault-Tec (or whoever that was in the end) saying "no, return to monke" and bam there it goes or something. I mean... NCR had the potential for exploring the future of healing and rebuilding after the centuries of "Fallout". But naaaah we gotta make more games. Why not make more games in the period of the classic games or before? Because Fallout 76 bombed and Bethesda showed many times it doesn't care about certain details from the old pre-Bethesda games or New Vegas.
when I found out that they made relife power armour I knew that this show was special
12:28 Dude I was only listening, I had to come to watch to be sure it was not was I thought it was 💥
couldnt even get through the first episode. not to mention it has a trans character like lmao
that goldeneye music makin me 💃💃
F
The marvel humor rubbed me the wrong way, and the treatment of the NCR rubbed me the wrong way. 8/10
I am not a fallout fan so i can not point out every litle easter egg in the show , but objectively its a bad show . Story is mediocre at best , the firector doesnt know how to use the actors in a scene nor does he understand how to plot out the story corectly , the story i guess is ok but nothing amazing , visualls/cinematography ( cgi + make up are good ) are god awfull and the most of the actors are monotonous at best .
Disapointed in actman, if he gives praise to this i cant take him serious as a commentary channel. Fallout didnt need a good story or good characters just needed enough 'member berries' to impress him.
Finally finished the show, I am now worthy of watching this video
This was absolutely rubbish you are afraid of truth. Who took your balls away?
you suit the goatee, but everytime i look at you in videos now i just think to myself "ah... gordon freemans brother, in the flesh... or the pokemon themed basketball top i mean"
My sister in law is not a gamer and has no Idea what Fallout is, but she was hooked with the starte when the nukes went off. It is for the most part easy to understand for noobies as well.
My first wtf moment was the chicken "enthusiast"
I am a big fan of the games. Loved them a lot. But haven’t play them since I finished the games at time of release.  I was really afraid that the show would screw it all up.  But, no, it was perfect. Loved and got me playing fallout 3 again. Started a new play through. Will play new Vegas and 4 later on.
"REEEE IT'S NOT LORE FRIENDLY!" "I like it it's good"
when the entire video i just paying mind to VFX and and small Fan Service and never once talks about the story and its problems, he Says the Biggest Problems Ive seen mentioned are the Retcons, then Preceded to not Substationate on it at all and shifts the direction into his own Opinions completely dodging the Critism and never even bringing up examples, The Title of your Video is "the Fallout Show is Unbelievably good", but this video has the same energy as the Reviwers of Fallout 3 Praising the VATS system and paying little to no attention to story because it was So Garbage. Overall the Act "Man" has praised the show for its little "Intentional Reference" [these should be the expectations of for a Piece of Fallout Media] Its VFX, and Mood but never once goes over its story.. People watch a Show for its Story the Meat of it not the Bread [Fan services, Effects excetra excetra] for which its lies on, and unfortunately the Meat Below the Bread seems to be quite Expired.
This video aged like milk... Another again!
The flag moment gave me chils and tears. I had to pause just to to take it in.
“I haven’t played all the games” this guy’s played 4 and ‘76 only
having now seen the show i can add my opinion, the show was average at best
Gimme that benny suit 🥹
I enjoy the show and it's characters  some what but it's story and it's placement in the lore and time line is poor forced and breaks almost all the games preexisting lore . For long time FALLOUT and  TES fans know how , Bethesda ( especially Emil ) can't write in the confineds of they're own lore or that or interplays and Obsidian and the show. Is exactly the same . How many times have the brother hood and even the enclave change to almost comedic degrees . How many times did they have to ret on new locations for FEV so they can have mutanst in the games . But this is about the show I highly recommend everyone replaying the games  and looking up the lore  and  remember character motivation and the  power structhure in the games because this show and it's forced implantation in to the game lore ruins characters and entity's from almost every game like the master , mr.house , the NCR, power armor , Ghoul's( agian ),the brotherhood (again) , vault tec and the enclave (even more then 3 did ). My point is the show is fun ( not really good but fine ) and has few good characters and some nice  story beats but I refuse to see it as canon because brakes so much of the other games lore and  story's . Just so it could fit in canon and break the time line and lore even more.
Lmaoo best part and so true 6:27
I'll have you know, I did not audibly shout "WHAT THE FUCK?!?!" while watching this show. I did, however, viscerally think it.
Man, it's so good. I got a bit excited over a crate that I looked like the ones you can't loot in Fallout 4, when Lucy was being "tortured".
Fckn how? How is this good??? It's 10 hours less entertaining then like... Any   movie
I love the suit
🤮🤮🤮
Spoiler alert: my favorite scene is in the final episode, when Coop (the ghoul) is talking to the Knights, and he tells them that he also wore that suit long ago... aaaand there was a flaw under the chest plate. "I wonder if they fixed that in the new model". Nice one.
The actman is believably a shill
Literally the worst show ever made, everything about it absolute sucked. I truly cannot believe just how bad it was. Watching even 10 minutes is like treating a migraine with a sledgehammer to skull, while having bamboo shoots inserted under one's finger nails,  watching your loved ones flogged within an inch of their lives, being forced to eat stale moldy cornflakes drenched in cat piss, all while sitting on a festering mound of composting chicken crap. I would rather receive an un-anesthetized appendectomy with a rusty garden spade than watch Amazon's fallout show. I'd rather be shot by Benny and left for dead in a radioactive cemetery surrounded by cazadors.
It just really sucks that 2 of fallout's recently came out saying China was aggressive and launched first yet after Bethesda took over it changed to greedy capitalism. How the games were about war, it never changes... Not some kind of criticism of capitalism which is where Bethesda took it.
Fallout is a dumb show for dummies.
“Sometimes characters are put in really dangerous situations and they just kinda, bullshit their way through it”  My guy has obviously never done a max luck and charisma build
I tried joining the discord but I refuse to give a credit card number to be verified 😂
Coop is such a great character and his actor was pitch perfect casting. He eats up every scene he is in.
The sets and costumes are awesome. When i saw the black and green OS on the computers and the Pip Boy I was impressed. Those kinds of details are things I expect producers to mess up. Bethesda must have been super involved.
It's incredibly mid. Very disappointing. It was made for casuals who don't understand Fallout.
Fallout New California mod is Cannon. Play it and it will explains alot.
This show is dogshit if you actually know anything about fallout
Season 1 is 9/10. Would be perfect 10 except the NCR ranger mask looks like something from Party City or Spirit Halloween bargain bin.  I hope the show series gets that sh*t together for season 2 because that NCR ranger gear is just as iconic as Power Armor
bruh. its trach
I love how the first clip he shows us of the show is the guy saying "Do you wanna make my C*CK explode now?
Just came from watching Maulers video, such a stark contrast in there videos on the show from him and actman.
I lovvvvvvved the show, can’t wait for the new season. The show actually feels like fallout, love the story, characters, lore, Easter eggs. Just everything about the show is so amazing and I absolutely love the show
One of my favorite shows ever. Some of the political commentary like how one candidate voting is flawed and monopolistic ideations are harmful. But codsworth flash back was hilarious.
As a big fallout fan, I love the show and am very happy it turned out good
The only bad cgi in the whole show was de-aged/young Hank. Everything else was SO amazing.
The Fallout show is half-decent at the very best... It isn't well written, not at all, and it's not a bad show for reasons that some anti-woke YouTubers came up with. It's bad simply on the basis of flawed writing and disrespect towards the universe of Fallout. If anyone is interessed in detailed analysis of that, I'd reccomend watching MauLer's and EFAP's coverage of it. It's actually funny how flawed this show is and how so many people just don't care about it or give it a pass.
Honestly I am so happy that a franchise I cherish and adore was given the love and respect it deserved. You can tell the people writing, directing and starring in this show were passionate about the franchises and understood the material  Cannot wait for a season 2
This and Cyberpunk Edgerunners give me hope for video game adaptions. I kind of hope someone gives DooM another go.
I disagree but glad you enjoyed it.
Dude this shit was garbage and a total spit in the face of anyone who’s played the games. RIP fallout
This show is a bloody miracle! I can only barely believe that we have a briiliant and lore friendly Fallout show, feels like a wild fever dream.
“War” Gets me every time 😔
You have to be joking bro, this show is terrible. You clearly haven’t played the original games.
My dad played fallout 4 while I was growing up and I always watched him play ( Iam 18 ). I never got into fallout until he told me there is a show coming out on it and I should play it. I started with 4 because that’s the one my dad played and the one that looked the most beginner friendly even tho most people agree new Vegas is the best. I finished fallout 4 and watched some lore videos on all of fallout. I was really into fallout at this point and I haven’t even touched the best games yet. I watched the show with him and I loved it and now Iam gonna start my new Vegas play through for the first time. If there is anyone that wants give me tips for new Vegas that would be sick
The 007 music sooooo good
Well, first off, the witcher is adapting the books, not the games
I know I’m super late to the party but the show was AMAZING. Like really good. I’ve played so much of fallout 4 and 76 so I decided to throw back and purchase 3 and new Vegas along with their DLCs. Doing 3 first and what a joy. Even the old ones as clunky as they are, they’re still a joy to play. This show captures what makes fallout…well…fallout. And I adore it. Can’t wait for season 2
love u act man!
"I assume your familiar with fallout" proceeds to explain it to you anyway
You really are just an act... man.
The show was a razzle dazzle made for morons and rose-eyed nostalgia addicts.
the show was actually baaad, tf u talking about LOL
People who think the NCR collapsing at is realistic all like completely fail to relieze how actually difficult and the levels of incompetence, corruption, economic turmoil, and a decayed army and a radicalized civillian population are necessary to cause a nation to collapse, the NCR collapsing because shady sands is nuked is like the entirety of the US collapsing because Washington DC was burned to the ground in 1812, if anything something like the nuking of shady sands should GALVANIZE the population of the NCR, but for some reason, it caused the country to fucking implode on itsself. (Oh yeah btw I already posted this comment on a different video)
Good God you gamers really have no idea about good stories. This is trash, woke garbage and even without woke it's garbage.
Yeah, if you like marveslop "jokes"
Anyone who likes this show is not a true fallout fan.
BoS is still too prominent, they were close as shit to being wiped out in fallout New Vegas and the NCR was on the way to being a major super power in North America, now it flip flopped.  Also why did they have to add the ghoul serum that held off ghoul feralization?  That isn't at all how it worked in the games, every ghoul was just on the way to becoming feral depending on the ghoul, or how much rads they soak up.
Standards have really fallen huh. This reminds me of when mandalorian first came out and everyone hyped it up only for the show to falloff immediately after ep 1 and now the last season was ass and no one even remembers the 1st season they glazed
Fallout London is out mate! Can't wait to play on the British wasteland as a Lone Wanker.
I put off watching the show because most shows nowadays are not even like the source and way too much is done to purposely change it. While eating a meal one day and looking for something to watch, I literally decided to watch part of the first episode on a whim. Ended up watching it all with my wife in one day. It's as good as they come. Considering the LOTR movies make some major changes and are not purely faithful, I'm perfectly fine with any small mistakes made. There's so much to like. You nailed the review.
Yo! Ron Pearlman not being on the intro made me go "This is going to be shit" and then I was blown away with how well they inserted the show into the universe.
another clown man take, Huge L
I thought this show was SO GOOD! I’ve never played fallout and after watching this show I want to start. What a good fallout to play first?
everytime someone said what about the head i just thought so no head memes coming
The curse has long since been broken, looking forward to S2
Its not, it is just good, nevermind its F up entire lore of Fallout but its watchable without angry you (Hello Star Wars Acoshiiiiiete)
7:31  I was NOT ready for that joke.  MY LIFE FOR SUPER EARTH
The ShillMan
this is how you know the actman has completely fallen
This show is truly magnificent. So much so that it made me go and play fallout. Fallout was a game i never thought i would play and THIS show gave me the urge to go and play it. I'm currently playing fallout 4 and boy oh boy is it fun.
I think my favorite part of the show was the "vault dwellers"  of vault 4. They're fucked up in their own right but they're just incredibly sweet people.
It did have a lot of lore and details that for us (Fallout players), it's very familiar . BUT...  1. The Yao Guai wasn't brutal enough. They should have used the Fallout 3 everything, instead of Fallout 4. 2. There some small discrepancies here and there, such as the "doctor" encounter or the vials they need to take so they won't turn feral. That wasn't in any game. Carol, in Underworld, became a ghoul the day the bombs fell, over 200 years old and hasn't gone feral. Must have had tons of them vials. There are strange encounters in the games, it's like the salt and pepper in the food, to add flavor but the "doctor" stuck around for a while. 3. The BoS assault rifle looks useless and the fighting is short and rare. Best one i enjoyed is the ghoul playing the gunslinger. 4. The map and the geiger counter on the PIPBoy and all the functions really. But where i really lost it, was the hacking screen on the computers. My god, when i played Fallout 3, back in 2008, i loved that minigame, same goes for the lockpicking, got really good at both. 5. And of course the ending scene, showing us New Vegas.
Is that the dead rising mall tune???
I only knew it was a post-apocalyptic game. That was it. Holy crap is it something, especially the reveal of why the war happened and the longevity of some of the characters.  Of course I was initially confused by the retro-future and when this was all happening but had that figured out pretty soon, as retro-futures are a staple of sci-fi.
The only time i saw bad cgi was when The Ghoul put his hands on Dogmeat while he was using a stimpack on him. But thats like, the only bad cgi i could scour when i first watched the show. Other than that......   *T-51 WINTERIZED BEATS EVERY OTHER POWER ARMOUR! IT DIDN'T HAVE THAT WEAKNESS!*
THE SHOW IS GREAT but half of the plot is trying to find a bounty on a head and finding the head
Sooo, i found out Goggins plays the Sheriff in the Hateful 8
Now we need a half life show about the seven hour war or something
Sorry,but this show sucks. Both as a adaptation of the fallout and a show on its own. This is just as bad as the halo tv show.
the first thing i said when i finished the seires was that i could show this to my dad and he would enjoy it even though hes a bommer
My favourite thing about the Fallout show is how every story like Plot A-D all line up together at the same pacing. Some are short or long but in the end aligned to properly execute plot twist or reveals at the same time so that you’re barely waiting for one character to find something out that another character has
The show is pretty great. Walton Goggins as The Ghoul is easily the best thing about it. Lucy is finally a well written woman and even Max is a good character. Only gripe I have with the show is Dane. You're telling me that not only is this "non binary" nonsense still around after a few hundred years from now, but The Brotherhood Of Steel, a military and cult like organization let someone like that into their ranks and also "respect the pronouns"? Seriously? Amazon just couldn't help themselves, could they. They had to sour it somehow.
If you ever want some music under your videos then please let me know! I make Fallout Original inspired Music!
I’ve played new vegas for a month on my switch and I’ve not experienced a single crash once 😂
I loved the show, but my only complaint is small: the gulper. I would've preferred if they used the look from Fallout 4: Far Harbor. Everything else was fantastic.
They fucking did mr house shamefully the guy that calculated that nuclear bombs will be dropped and have done everything to protect vegas not to mention he wanted to secure future for mankind and even get people to space brother. This show makes him a fuck that knew that bombs would drop and was for it. It is called character assassination
The greatest criticism is that this piece of trash breaks every freaking non bethesda fallout in every way. The fact that shady sands is now a pre war city in the place of boneyard in fallout 1 and all vaults should have been raided by the master long ago so fallout 1 didn't happen fallout 2 didn't happen and by what was shown new vegas couldn't happen. Also the comedy is uncomediacly bad I support mauler, enclave family and creetosis on this show it is equivalent to rings of power amazon and bethesda knows this and will silence anyone who talks about with their sheep minded fans. Sorry act man but you have lost all respect I had for you I will follow you only to see how much you will fall
"staying true to the source material" ...?  What show were YOU watching?!
"When it comes to video games adaptions" and shows Netflix Witcher XD
Fantastic overview. I am only getting into the first couple of episodes so far and couldn't agree more with everything that was said in this video. I wonder why they couldn't get Ron Perlman's voice in there...
Amazon did this right.....I have a few gripes but it's a step in the right direction Lucy is very relatable we all make female sole survivors....keep it up Amazon well done
I understand that the Witcher games popularized the books but I don't consider the show an adaption of the game. As far as I know it's an adaption of the books, same as the games. So it's no different than Game of Thrones and shouldn't really be part of the "video game adaptions are bad" conversation.
Never watching this shill channel again. This show sucked unbelievably bad. The only reason it did well is the fallout 4 fanbase. Children who think fortnite is gods gift. Never watched the amazon produced trash i was high and still couldn't slow my brain down enough to enjoy it. This show was forgotten thanks to the acolyte and furiosa tanking even further. Its had its two weeks. The only people that praise it are youtubers trying to garner a fanbase which never existed for this channel. Angry joe and Channel awesome would do the same bad takes back in the day. Praising this garbage because its got powerarmour, vault suits and 10mm pistol all the member berrys that the key jangling populous love. "Omg brotherhood of steel like my favourite critically acclaimed game for the ps4 fallout 4.. " i was 14 when that game came out and i still prefer the mad max video game over this minecraft mixed with skyrim trash. I replayed it to see if it wss still as bad as i remember.  Turns out theres a bug that breaks your fps now got halfway to concord then my game locked. And my cpu started to catch flame.. ahhh creation engine...
I watched the first episode the show is terrible!
With season 1 done, I’m hoping in season 2 we get more kickass weapons and iconic enemies
WHAT A BIG LIAR!
No, it’s not
Go watch reaper break it down if you thought it was good. Act Man just promoting absolute dog shit(like Payday 3... at least this time is just his own awful opinion and didn't make money off promoting bs)
Act man: “I’m gonna assume you know the premise of fallout”.  Goes on to explain the premise of fallout
nah, its just bad. stopped watching after second episode.
The series is only surface level good, otherwise it has really nothing to do with the original games (og, 2, and New Vegas)
Man i am hype for this franchise
incredible how hard posers fight to protect something they know little to nothing about.  kinda liek politics.  the sheep actually think puppet a(trump) is better than puppet b(biden).. yet.. you have children fighting for both of these old clowns, they've never met.  same with fallout.. same with gaming in general, its become a fad.. like anime.. like all the stuff, these same people used to make fun of people for.  these are sheep.  they do whatever is popular at the time, they dont actually care about the content of what they're exposing themselves to, just as long as they can tell other people that, they to.. also enjoy brainwash.  so they can feel apart of the sheep collective spanning teh globe.  ya know the people who listen to rap music/r&b.. people with no thought processes.. they just do whatever they think everyone else is doing.  barf.
man don't know how much they pay you for this, but fallout season 1 is kinda mid, and i bet 2nd second season gonna be trash
Our guys put the monorail back to work.
The first half of the show is good the second half honestly kind of sucks it changes lore where it doesn't need to be changed and has a forced romance and Falls flat in a lot of character developments.   I'm not saying it's terrible it certainly much better than other adaptations of video game media especially in this hyper political era we live in where everything has to be political, the show is a fresh breath of air in that sense however it is far from perfect and I only hope that they can fix it within season 2
How much did they pay you? And if you didn't get paid, then that picture is much more deplorable. 🤦‍♂
Show was so good I was getting upset at the Halo show when watching it lol.
7:40 right here, an ad the was showing a star troopers game, what a coincidence
It was probably the best show I’ve ever seen.
Someone please tell me where he got that suit
The Fallout renaissance is AMAZING
Really? It was good? Alrigt then.
As someone who loves Fallout enough to have tattoos of it, I found the show absolutely under whelming and quit after episode three. I love seeing the world come to life but that's it.
Me and my brother, a big fallout fans and there'd be times where it always would try to explain stuff from fallout, New Vegas or fallout 3 and 4 but mostly New Vegas to my mother but there was just like so much s*** you have to explain to even get to the actual thing you were trying to explain because someone who never played fallout or even plays video games just won't understand like I had to explain. Basically what side questing was can I made her watch The fallout show and she genuinely enjoyed it and started to watch it on her own.
As a Witcher fan I feel jealous of the Fallout fans. It’s no fair that they get to have a show that’s actually good! 😂
as someone who’s not even into video games, i was blown away by how GOOD this show is! stunning writing, visuals and pacing! i had been in a tv show slump cuz it feels like everything that gets put out lately is just hours of exposition and not an actual story, but this show was truly perfect. had me at the edge of my seat waiting for the final reveals, truly impeccable show and it got me into the games too!
The act man soyjacking makes me want to watch
Fallout is a smart show for dumb people.
My dad Got me to watch it, and he hasnt played a video game in 30 years! He just came up to me and asked if i had heard of this new Series called fallout, and that i should really watch it.
The TV show is a true disgrace to the Fallout lore. Mark my words when they introduce some weird and unbelievable shit in season 2.
Hey, man. The Fallout TV show isn´t as great as its score may leave you to believe. To be honest most shows after video games aren´t good. Looking at you Halo, piece of shit
Boooo
This show disrespects Fallout, is a disgrace to art, and an insult to your intelligence. If you enjoy this show then you clearly don't know fallout, that's fine but you're also happy consuming, praising, and encouraging an awful product with an awful plot. This is full of absolutely idiotic plot lines that make no sense. If you liked this you probably would like the Wheel of Time Show, go check it out. This is some snake oil shit and everyone who likes this show bought it and thinks the snake oil works.
Couldnt finish it. Bad show
subbed!
It's great but they really couldn't help themselves. They Hadddd to shoehorn a trans person in there. 😒
The outro of each episode shows the main setting that the next episode takes place in: observatory, vegas etc
Max couldve killed that bear way earlier
This show is trash, wtf are even talking about?
NNEEEDDDDD AN ELDER SCROLLS
I loved lucy being so innocent she was so cute
Don't let this entertaining video distract you from the fact that the act van is a robot phobic who said you are a robot and you need to be powered down.#robotmotherboardsmatter
ofc they got some cbbe chick with big ass anime lookin eyes to play as the main character
I love how they give you such a spooky and anxious feeling through the old vault, cave, and other abandoned places. Really had me on edge
Other than Halo, video game adaptations are stepping up their game (pun intended).  Witcher I’m not counting cause those started out as books.  So I see the show as a book adaption as opposed to a video game adaptation.
I get there’s a lot of lore retcons, but honestly i don’t give a fuck, the show is too good.
It boggles my mind how actman can parse what was wrong in the halo show but not what is wrong with the fallout show.  Normally i chalk up people liking the show on not being familiar with the franchise or liking fallout 4 but he did a whole video talking about why fallout new vegas was a masterpiece so you'd think he would've paid attention to the quality of its writing and noticed that the show severely underdelivers franchise wise but even on its own merits as a show.  Usually i think actman has some really solid opinions on the things he talks about, even if its not something i initially agreed with or still do agree with but you would honestly have to ignore so much and pay as little attention to the show as possible to say it was great, just such an shit take from actman on this one.   Unfortunate.
I’m have never play a fall out game and loved the series
so true thy shalt be sidetracked by bullshit every goddamn time
This show is epic, I watched each episode back to back in one go and for me that means it's good (I normally don't have the attention span) and I really hope they make season 2 just as good or even better and dont end up taming stuff down  and hopefully they don't fuck it up, I've never played any of the fallout games but it gave me a great understanding of the jist of it all and its made me really want to play them. Awesome!
Can you make a Dying Light 1 review? one of the best games i ve played
I don't agree. The show seems good on a first viewing because you don't know what comes next. Fut on a second viewing, when you know what the characters want, know or are capable of, the show makes no sense at all. And outside of the superficial visual level, it gets the fallout lore wrong every time it can (and the show is supposed to be canon with the rest of the games so the excuse of "it's a tv show it doesn't matter" doesn't work, they are the ones saying everything in the games happened/will happen in the show because it's the same univers). And when you hear the writer saying "lets have people be stupid instead", you can understand why the show is so poorly written.
Yes, it's good. The cast is amazing. Hope Season 2 will be even better.
Oww we my ears when the helldivers theme blasted in lol
Cavill is an unlucky mf. every videogame adaptation he's been in has been run by people who don't even like the source material
A show created by Jonathan Nolan clearly doesnt live up to the high writing standard of Obsidian fans.    You know, the flop making studio Obsidian whose boring stupidly written games no one buys and plays 😂
It's definitely a good show if you don't care about Fallout 1/2/NV lore. More geared towards non-Fallout fans or fans of strictly the Bethesda Fallout games. Really hoping season 2 turns out good since New Vegas is my favorite installment.
God bless and much love to all ❤ Through Jesus we are saved 🙏 He loves us and died for us all
Imagine listening to this spineless sellout
Finding out the answer to a long-awaited questions blew my mind.
I loved the Mr House cameo
Too many lore breaks.
I adore this show❤
I genuinely hope to check it out
Not really a big fan of the show, too many plot induced stupidity and internal inconsistencies Also the lore inconsistencies are pretty big The bar is so low when this is considered "unbelievably good" The set pieces are pretty good  EDIT: The Mr House cameo was so bad, the Vault 31-32-33 dynamic was so bad as well
Okidoki 😊
The show is a 6.5-7, at best. Still “good” but I hope the showrunners don’t see all the praise the show is getting and just make more slop for people to eat up and make some improvements.   Too many plot holes for me, and cringe moments for the memberberries, but as always YMMV.
there was laser guns all of the guards had one at the enclave site and Moldaver has one
What they actually fuck Lucy and max are straight up bogging out it’s not even funny anymore it’s just weird
I've never played a single Fallout game, it was my husband who played them, we both watched it, and both loved it! I can't wait for its second season! My hubby did explain a few things for me, but mostly I was able to easily watch it with 0 knowledge of anything about the games, beyond their main premise of having vaults post nuclear war. My favorite character was the Ghoul, that guy was tough and rough as nails.
Something about this show felt like it was produced by a group of youtubers. Definitely not a studio with a 1.5 million dollar budget lol to each their own but it was cringey for me
Fallout is good
No it’s not mauler video destroyed this trash
I do think some of the story writing can be a little messy if you look deep into it, but I really don’t care because I think the characters are amazing
I wanted to see how it's the life in shady sands.
But was it woke? That’s what I want to know
Really? I gave up after 2nd episode. It was so stupid.
Ok. It's an alternate reality. In that reality there was virtually no racism or segregation in the 1950s.  Ok.  How are there so many fat people in vaults?  They have to ration food.  To be obese like a handful of these vault people they would have to eat 2-5 times more calories per day than other people.  And, the result would be a less healthy person that requires more medical resources throughout their life.   The vaults sealed people away for over 200 years.  They spoke about 80 people in one of the vaults.  They were cautious enough about food consumption that dogs weren't allowed.  They have to be careful about how they use resources.  Yes, they're able to grow some food to supplement.  How many calories are in in the vegetables they're growing?  How many carrots and tomatoes would one of these obese people have to be eating to account for doubling or tripling their daily caloric intake?  There shouldn't be fat people in these vaults. Not the exceptionally fat ones.  And, based on what I'm seeing on the surface, it seems like fat people would be pretty rare for people outside the vault, too.  One of the first surface dwellers you meet seems to be over a hundred pounds overweight. Unless most of that is tumor from radiation ... it feels too unrealistic.  I can ignore what society was like in OUR world at that time and wave that away how diverse things are when they show the world before the bombs went off.  Different world.  They didn't have those same issues.  Cool.  But, there's no world where they're going to just ... let individuals eat a whole family's food supply each and every day.  I don't think they should have so many fat people.
O m G! This video is so good!  You are so talented. Thank you so much. You are truly gifted. Thank you for making this video. Best!
Act Man make a Fallout New Vegas DLC Video!!!
"biggest critique is that theres no ron pearlman" really? REALLY? Well i guess i know where to throw this opinion lmao
IDK, the Fallout show is good for a Videogame Show, but the more you think about the "Villains" the more schizophrenic they sound. Like the dad was supposedly willing to sacrifice like 10 people for his daughter, but nuked an entire city as a final "fuk you" to the wife he abused, the Lady that supposedly created cold fusion doesn't even know how to do it 200 years later without a password, the lady supposedly cares about the mom but couldn't be bothered from stopping her from going feral, Maximus is a straight up Fallout 4 Raider boss and no one he doesn't successfully murder seems to care all that much, whatever the hell Vault 32 thought they found had to be worse than "You're just here for genetic diversity" because that doesn't seem like a serious enough reason for mass murder-"self-end". Not to mention SHADY SANDS IS OFFICALLY DEAD.
"I dunno if you know this, but war...😔"
The tv show does feel like it’s 1950s America
i was right, you've gained a massive audience of "antiwoke" ppl. Good thing, I aint subbed, dont want to interact with these basement dwelling creatures that think so negatively. These mfs really think they on top of the world and justified and acting like they're superior... same type of mfs clowning on Godzilla movies just because "muh uh no standards"
"Thou shalt get sidetracked by bullshit every goddamn time."  Story of my life! *_cue obligatory Seinfeld bassline_*
I mean, it's only been one season. Some political bullshit will ruin it in season 3 at the very latest.
Do people have no standards at all?  I guess its okay to ignore the horribly written story and many lore inconsistencies as long as the quintessential fallout branding is there, Jesus Christ.
Unbelievably shit!
To think all this started with a kid in the chess club
3:20 Is that Sly Cooper music in the background?
Eh its ALRIGHT. Kinda hyped
i always felt like the writing was in tone with the classic games, its fun to imagine reading the script in that archaic interface
Weird watching mauler rip this show to shreds on characters, plot, and lore for 2 1/2 hours then coming to this vid praising it...
I want to see a deathclaw!
It fucking sucked bro
I just need to know how in the FUCK communist lady was still alive. Unless she bought into a cryofreezing vault by pure luck, betraying her morals since she thought Vault-tec was evil. So frustrated they just yadayadad that one.
this channel is becoming the consume the new product and be excited for the next new product mwme
I saw someone saying that the show had the idea that vault-tech nuked the world and their reasoning is "the show is woke and hates capitalism its not og fallout"   As if fallout 3 didnt have a undetonated nuke with vault-techs logo
You literally mold your opinion to whatever the masses say 💀 mad cringe
Fallout 4 and its consequences has been a disaster for the franchise
I... just no. The title should be "The Fallout show is okay sometimes"   The main villain has no good reason to be as awful as she was, then dies a hero's death without reconciliation for any of it. The only reason ALL of the main characters aren't dead already is because the all seem to have the same contrived luck or they forgot they had the means to end the fight early. They turned the power armor into a shity iron Man suit that completely trapps the user when it runs out of power (even though they already have f****** jetpacks AND in the games you can walk and get out with no core, but whatever). Not to mention bethesda's indecisiveness on whether or not ghouls are just people that live a really long time (That also need food and water) or are supernatural mutants of some sort. the acting is great most of the time and what's happening at any given scene is "fun" but if anything this show is on par with the Halo show. (Though I will say the Halo show in comparison to this one was made with WAY more disrespect to the source material)
It's so funny seeing all the people who came to this channel in the past purely to get affirmiation with whatever bullshit belief they hold, get so angry and pissed off at the mere chance that something they consider "woke" and "garbage" actually be enjoyed by the majority of people.
what a shill. if this show didn't have the fallout name behind it, it would be forgettable.
It destroyed the lore and was a visual journey into the bowels of modern cringe.
Other lore issue is that it was Communist China that sent nukes, in the show it was Corporations.
This show is AWFUL. It’s so cringe and dumb. What world do you live in where it’s somehow good? Lmao
the witcher netflix itsel is a fiasco since season 1
Even tho i love the show lucy was so ungodly annoying. I think its cus she represents the 'Good' karma play through ot soemthing like that. To me i was yell at the screen cus ive always be 'bad' karma or just not morally right play throughs. So her actions at times pisses me off.
People have been flooding back to the games, even 1 and 2. It's clearly well liked and i for one can't wait for season 2
Lucy is the female main character we need! She makes mistakes and learns from them. Is strong but not unbreakable. Smart but unwise to the world as it is. She’s full of life and Ella Purnell did a brilliant job in portraying her.
Show is garbage. Why? Craps on the lore, adds an LGBTQ character to the brotherhood of steel, etc... etc... it's not as hamfisted as some shows, but give it time, season 2 will crank up the wokeness. If you want to pay for state funded propaganda like a Vault Tec experiement, do you. I'll stick to the games.
Less than 2 mins in this dude fucking rocks 😂😂😂
Btw is Lucy now pregnant with a raider baby?
I think they relied too much on the cryo pods.
I don’t understand how this show is rated so good. I’m not a fan of the brotherhood of steel they are just a bunch of douch bros, the vaults are connected in the beginning acting is mediocre and I just don’t understand how it’s rating is so high. I will stick with the games. I’m glad people are enjoying the show but I’m not one of them.
The dude from dune kills it in this show.
Not only is the show good, but I think I have a new celebrity crush: Ella Purnell.  Also as a big fan of the show, I HOPE we get some mysterious stranger easter egg thrown in there. I’d love to see The Ghoul in a gunfight and out of nowhere someone’s head gets blown and the music plays. That’d be so sick
Loved the first season. Excited for #2. That final shot was awesome
My biggest gripe that is a non-issue is how the power armor flew. Slap a jetpack on there, man :/
Something about the cinematography that i havent checked, but my wife saw is that they might be using different aspect ratios for the ghoul, possibly even all the characters. Theyre shot from different angles and distances more often too, from what i remember. I might look into it cause if that is the case it may explain how the cinematography itself tells us more about each character and how they interact with the world. For instance, the ghoul seems to have a lot of close-up shots of just him, even when in dialogue with other characters, and his shots seem narrower, kinda like how westerns or other shows make a sharpshooter type character have a scene where the FOV narrows. He is a lone wanderer gunslinger, so the cinematography leans into that.
Me and my grandpa watched fallout. He had never seen fallout or played video games before. But the music was definitely his era.he loved the show
Eventhough  the first  season  doesn't  have much to do with  new vagas  the tv show led me to play it
I'm only on episode 3. Its good so far, but I don't get the cartoonish portrayal of the brotherhood of steel characters. A little woke, anti-smart guys, action with all the goofyness there. Also like that they kept the campiness in the atmosphere of the show, true to the game, but I hope it doesn't get annoying. Its a little like Michael Keaton Batman vs Christian Bale Batman with the overall atmosphere of the show.  What I'm really hoping for is an Elder Scrolls TV show, which, if done right, could be the next Game of Thrones, with all the rich depth and lore of the games.
This show is not faithful to the source material at all it's only faithful to Bethesdas fan fiction
The show is so good that it made me start another playthrough of OG Fallout
This and the last of us by far are the best video game shows no doubt, both season 2’s are going to be 🔥
fucking sell-out
WHY THE FLYING POWER ARMOR ? WHY ?  but props for channeling King and doing a great video.   I also like how they can explore pre-war fallout through the ghouls backstory, that was inspired.   But I can't stand the flying Power Armor .. and the F4/76 Guns.  I hope the Brotherhood gets some Plasmacasters.
A lot of people hate that fiddle music that was in fallout 4
That radio station guy is from portlandia, he or they used or do ( idk that much) skits and personally I think is a very accurate and good cameo (at least for me haha)
My criticism: Where liberty prime? I wanna see anti-commie mech.
lol no its not
Can we all agree that Johnny Cash fit so well into fallout?
I'm happy I have never played the games because I know my brain would pick it apart and ruin it
Well sure it's good if you can ignore the staggeringly incoherent storylines.
They fucking killed the NCR (Well mostly killed) but still WTF!
Just wish the soundtrack wasn't so forgettable 😢
There were energy weapons we just didn't see them in action the enclave guards had plasma rifle and moldaver had an energy pistol
I really hope borderlands gets the same treatment
is it woke?
I’m also rewatching the Fallout tv series and I also bought Fallout 3 and New Vegas on steam and downloaded wabbajack and the modlist of Begin Again Tale of Two Wastelands and been enjoying Fallout 3 since I never played Fallout 3 and New Vegas when it first released but the show hyped me up to try them out great video keep up the great work.
the chick that was the leader of the bandits had a laser pistol but i dont think we got to see her shoot it
This show is what we wanted 76 to be.
in the  series you can see  a poster of  a movie  called '' A man and his dog '' ,  the story that inspired the Fallout games , starring Copper  Howard, this movie actually exists, starring  Don Johnson
Of corse Normie Man will say it's good. 14:29 - somehow, they managed to bullshit their way and they found their audience.
SPOILER: we do see energy weapons moldaver uses one when the NCR headquarters gets raided by the brotherhood
Its alright. Its hard to get immersed in the show when it is too clean and neat. Everyone has perfect hair and makeup, everyone looks clean. All the props like power armor or nuclear barrels have no scratches or scuffs on them. The show is called Fallout but it doesn't look like Fallout.
Another  DEI  Shitshow     !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Avoid    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Something EXTREMELY rare happened during this show that I don't experience often, and that was that I didn't feel the urge to press that red bar/button to skip forward a few seconds or minutes to get through some boring shit, I maybe skipped 2 times but I immediately regretted it and wound back to watch what I missed, hell I even rewatched some cool sequences several times before moving on with the show. That's really all that needs to be said about it's entertainment factor. All of the actors did a good job, I hope they get nothing but love from the community. It's refreshing to get such a well written main female character, they definitely did a good choice with the writing and casting choice.   I was surprised how invested I got into the Norn side-story in the Vaults, the space is much smaller, we only follow the perspective of a single scrawny nerd. But it was somehow so damn good, despite not having any contact with the rest of the story it still felt intertwined with the rest of what was going on, through coopers backstory, providing an understanding for Lucy's character/behavior as a vault dweller and how the vault connect with Shady Sands.  It will be very interesting to see how they handle the new vegas stuff and factions in a next season. The legion is some seriously cool shit to include, but I suspect they will go for a legion defeat in the show, they still might have some presence. House got an easter egg cameo in the show during the big meeting (Rob-co president) and I hope he will be a character in the show as well. The courier doesn't really have a "personality" as such so House would be a much more fun choice. As the courier you just go around and "do" stuff, fun to play but I wouldn't want to watch a show about him.   Fun fact, I recently found out that the person who made the deathclaws was the same person who made the dragons in Skyrim, he made a comment on some video talking about it.
They still haven't fixed the lore issues regarding LA looking nothing like Fallout 1's Boneyard, Cold Fusion existing in Fallout 2 according to an item description, and the whole 'The Unity should have wiped Vault 33 off the map' thing
There's laiser weapons when they capture Maximum, they even point the gun to him, but they don't shoot
I’m just wondering, but is the ncr sniper from new Vegas in the show?
Just came back to let you know that you’re a fucking shill.
I just dont understand how Ghoul struggled with Mximus and at the end he faced 3 T 60s
I just finished watching the whole thing in 2 days, and honestly... I just connected who the Robco guy really was. I thought it was Sinclair, already plotting how to create the world's most ANNOYING casino in the world! But it didn't occurred to me that it was *him who shall not be named for the sake of spoilers* and not Sinclair 🤣
I hope Bethesda takes notes from this show and actually hires good writers for their games now, but I doubt they learned their lesson
Not really it´s kinda uhhh, not faithful to the source material, rewriting the story is not always a good thing, didn´t seemed that desolate, not a single use of vats. No thanks i´ll pass.
Dead rising music goes hard
Shill.
No      Act Man  it is bad 🤨🧐
The show is like the pilots of old. Only when that was just one episode in a 20+ episode season this is the whole season though admitedly it's not 20+ episodes long. I look at ep1 of House and I see a spark of brilliance though it's hampered down by clunkiness. Some thing here only the spark I'm seeing comes from a game released in 1997. Characters are poorly written, everyone bumps into eachother so often you'd think the whole thing was happening in someone's tiny flat, and the characters are consistently inconsistent. Even the better written characters end up learning the same lesson again and again. while I get that the show runners said they want the characters to be stupid, but if you're going for the idiot trait, for that to work you need them to be a LOVABLE idiot and the actors need to know they have to play it off in that way.  I find it dishatening that it's getting undeserved praise as if the bar has been lowered that much. I find it annoying that the quality of writing in games from 20+ years ago was better than the quality of writing in modern shows. And finally I find it infuriating that the show came out after the strike, so this was after the writers got a pay hike. If before they were underpaid and produced shit tier writing now they're overpaid and producing shit tier writing. You get to a point that you relize you should pay these ppl what they're worth, which is NOTHING (insert know your place, trash meme here)  How did things get done in the 90s? Maybe I was reatarded as a child, and still am as an adult but I can't remember shows being so filled with plot holes and contrivances.
I want to see the courier next season
show is completely mid, just because its not disney level trash doesnt make it good
Is that a Dead Rising 2 shopping mall music I hear in 10:33 !?
Dude that jacket is classy AF
Finally someone who isn't calling the show "woke and garbage"
It was so good, I got excited at every little reference they put in, every sting of game music. I can't wait for next season.
Hey, finally a Bethesda Fallout release that was a finished product, performed as advertised, and didn't need a major patch fix.
It’s so lame that I always knew about fallout and how good the games and the universe and stories and all that were amazing, but I just never had the time to give it its fair try. But then I just binged the show yesterday and started my first playthrough of fallout 4 and I’m about 2 hours in and it’s like I’m going through what veteran fans went through but in reverse lol. Like right before I got to concord I check out the red rocket gas station and I’m like ooohhh shit that’s the gas station from the thing! Lol. Always was weird to me how that feels when you know you’re experiencing it backwards but still get that feeling
Nah man, the OG fallouts felt a LOT more like mad max fury road
And here the Halo TV series is about to enter Season 3....and it hasn't been more than "meh" so far.  I hope 343 takes notes on how successful the Fallout series already is.  HAAAAAAAAAA! If we're lucky, the worse thing that happens is they'll make Kwan a Spartan in Season 3.
I was so worried the ghouls side quest quote wouldn't be mentioned  Best line in the show
First episode, when the ghoul says, “ I do that s*** for the game “
What really got me to watch this show, is the actress of Lucy (also the voice actress of Jinx from League of Legends and Arcane), going on the record about playing countless hours of Fallout games to understand the feel the source material and better respect it. What sold it even more for me, was mainstream media outlets criticizing her for "wasting time playing videogames". And in reality, that dedication, is what makes her role feel so authentic. So in universe. So immersive. Not only for fans of the fallout IP, but for anyone who gets into the IP from the series.
I loved the show.   One of my only criticisms however is Norm's "investigation". It was way too easy for him to access everything, and Vault security was an absolute joke/non existant.   He just walks into the overseer office, with the door wide open, and hacks the computer. No guards, no cameras. This is Vault 31 trying to keep secrets but leaving access to the secrets wide open.   Also when he is going to Vault 31 and says he is the overseer, and their is no verification and the door just opens. I was like wtf.   It is incredibly stupid.   This aspect was terribly bad writing in my opinion. Other than Norm's story I loved everything else.
The writing is so bad though. What's even more worrying is that this is coming from the writers who worked on Westworld and that show fell off a cliff after the first season. I have a feeling a lot of people are going to turn their opinions around once season 2 drops. I also think the narrative flaws for season 1 will also become more apparent after the nostalgia tinted glasses fall off.
Norm is Rico from Hannah Montana good to see him again
The writing was so cliche. I found Every conflict to be predictable. Couldn’t get into it
Sincerely one of the best shows I've watched of the last year and not because of it's IP.  It preys upon our cynical beliefs and subverts them with horrible things we'd never want to substitute them with.  It shows you the brutality of the Wasteland governed by caps and self-sufficiency, all ear-marked by the death of naivety for the old world. It's fucking Fallout.  It's what made the games great.
Can these people make the halo show
True to the source material, is it? Right, because Shady Sands getting nuked 4 years before events of New Vegas ever happened sounds very true indeed... I thought you'd played the game? I even loved and commented on your review, which was awesome.  Did you lose all integrity after that spat with Az, or why are you shilling for Todd "it just works" Howard?
Fckn love this show. Can’t wait for season 2
Call me naive, but i was expecting great things from the trailer alone. It just looked 'right'.  And it was
“I’d offer ya a cherry tomato, but ya got a hole in ya neck”
Can't agree more 😎🚬
the leader lady of the NCR had an energy weapon in the battle but we didn't see it fired
My girlfriend (who had never even heard of fallout) watched the show with me and absolutely loved it knowing nothing about the games
my wife, who doesn't play video games AT ALL liked the show so much that she decided to try fallout 4.. (she died to the vault bugs in the first 5 minutes of the game, on very easy mode..)  so now im playing fallout 4 (for the first time) and shes gonna watch...
Incredible show I loved it 🥰
I'm pretty sure the slow zoom-outs of the outros always show the area the next episode will play in.  One thing I didn't like is that it doesn't take itself serious enough sometimes. Yes, there can be a funny scene but it seemed like they were trying too hard to be funny at times.  And something else that I got really annoyed with was the excessive gore. I don't care much for gore but they used it for every possible situation to the point at which I thought a writer had a gore fetish. The more it's used, the more it loses it's effect on the audience and it just becomes annoying.
Fyi, check out ”fallout Equestria” One of the biggest peicess of fan fiction created
Apart from the waste of time and space "dane" is, I found the shown pretty good. Way better than I expected.
It's really sad, cause they fu/%ed up the lore of 1, 2, New Vegas
Ron Perlman is a POS.. that probably why the show is so good. F Ron in his harry henderson!
I think they put too much of the music in honestly, it felt kinda forced, like it was meant to tick a box of what fallout is supposed to be. I expected it to be there, just not every other friggin' scene.
Are they making another season ?
despite how little screentime they get, Aspirant Dane is probably one of my favorite characters in the show. It's nice to have some good non-binary representation in media
TLOU wasn't that much for me, but ok.  I played almost nothing about the games, but i like it. And the series, love it. Ghoul was my favorite so far, second is Lucy.
I forget the Vault # it’s been awhile but I think it was in 3-the vault where the AI tells the vault dwellers that they have to sacrifice 1 person a year or it will flood the entire vault with deadly gas.  Everyone tears each other apart until 5 of them are left then they all self unalive themselves until the last person tells the AI that they won’t be sacrificing anyone and then the congratulations music starts and informs them the test is over and they passed because they chose to save each other and are now free to live life as they please. That was such a gut punch. Same with the vault with only kids🫣  I hope we get to see vaults like this in future seasons.
Still feels weird after watching and epiosde so awesome, immediately followed by the words ' Todd Howard ' 😂
I really liked the show, loads of great things to praise… But am I the only one that didn’t like Maximus? He acts so strangely at times, I found myself wondering if he was secretly a synth because of how odd he is……. 👀👀👀👀
Just one question: where is Shady Sands? Fallout 1 & 2 have it hundreds of miles north of the Boneyard (LA). The show seems to show that the Shady Sands that was nuked was in Los Angeles itself or somewhere nearby. Was Shady Sands moved from its original location between Fallout 2 and the show? Or is this a straight retcon?
Um... No lol this show was ass 💀
I love Lucy's brother Norm. He doesn't buy into the culture of the vault he was raised in but at the same time isn't a complete jerk about it. I get the feeling that he is way smarter than most people in the vault give him credit for considering all the different jobs he was able to do. He wasn't moved around because he preformed badly but because he wasn't "happy" in the position. I think he also has the Small Frame perk from New Vegas. This would give him higher agility which explains how he was able to evade the Raiders long enough for Lucy to hide him and the comedic seen with Robo Bud.  My favorite scene doesn't have anything to do with Norm however.  When Lucy gets caught out of bounds in Vault 4 and she is put on trial... the whole thing just made me bust out laughing. Especially, when she had negotiated to have Maximus stay and he just rages in like the Hulk to save her... that whole scene from the bag over her head down the corridor to when she convinces Maximus to give the fusion core back is all sorts of EPIC!
No it is not Act man , it is full of plot holes , retcons a shit ton of lore , disrespects the great Mr.House , downplays the significance of the opposing ideological conflict that resulted in the great war , but hey at least the actors where great in it , but even the best performers cannot elevate a turd.
ella parnell killed it for sure.  strong well written women are real and shes baseline going foreword. if you ask me at least.
?
OH MY GOD YALL RESLLY DO JUST LOVE SLOP NONE OF THE SHOW MAKES SENSE  ITS RET CONS HALF OF PREVIOUS LORE ALL THE CHARACTERS ARE FUCKING BRAIN DEAD
lore kinda not accurate but its alright show
Idk I kinda thought it was nice to see them master cheeks ❤❤❤
"It's not the first time I've been persecuted for my 'scientific curiosities'" is my fave joke of the whole season
I thought a lot of props looked kinda goofy.  I hope they go back to the aethesitic that Adam Adamowicz created for Fallout 3 and not the Fallout 4 aethesitic.
......Brotherhood of Steel Fly now? They fly now. lol what a 🤡 take on the show
I've played so much fallout new vegas that I thought my game was running because of your background music 😭😭
My mom, who is 56, has never played a video game since mario and usually does not care for super gorey action. I loved this show. She was invested with the vault mystery, especially. Im so glad for this show being good so my parents can enjoy a world that I love.
Im ngl i was new to the series but knew a bit about it (manly fallout Vegas, 3 and 4) but i got some of the references and i cant wait till i see the guy in tha bandages
Only bad acting is Maximus imo
Any chance you'll do a fallout tv show hot takes?
I dont even feel like Im halfway through my playthrough and I already feel like I have to do another playthrough after this one to side with the other factions. Rn Im more siding with NCR and The Kings. Apocalypse peeps (i dont remember their names) don't seem too bad either as they are for helping people. I see why NV fans talk shit on FO4 as it can't even compare to the level of rpg elements in NV
My 70-year-old Boomer mother really liked it. She was drawn in, I think, particularly by the character Lucy, and the soundtrack.
Wait for the season 2 of Fallout TV Show. Todd make it better again.
With the lore change, it is harder to argue my favoret faction being the good guys.  We need the Enclave to protect us from the Zetans!
Sorry but the show is terrible as a fan of the video game series. Glad people are enjoying it though, but not for me at all.
Personally I want to see Driver Nephi on the show 💯💯💯
golden eye music in the backround made me emedietly bob my head lmao
Ew wtf
Here's why I find the Fallout series of games share similarities with the Odyssey and the Iliad:  The Fallout series, much like the Odyssey and the Iliad, explores themes of heroism, resilience, and the human experience in the face of adversity. In the Odyssey, we follow the epic journey of Odysseus as he faces numerous challenges and battles on his quest to return home. Similarly, in Fallout, players navigate a post-apocalyptic world filled with dangers, moral dilemmas, and quests for survival.  One key similarity between Fallout and the ancient epics is the concept of a hero's journey. In both the Odyssey and Fallout, the protagonists embark on perilous adventures, encountering allies, enemies, and supernatural forces along the way. These journeys test the characters' courage, wit, and resolve, mirroring the challenges faced by the Vault Dwellers and Lone Wanderers in the Fallout series.  Furthermore, both the Iliad and Fallout explore the consequences of war and conflict. In the Iliad, the Trojan War serves as a backdrop for examining themes of honor, glory, and the devastating impact of battle on individuals and societies. Similarly, Fallout portrays a world ravaged by nuclear war, where survivors must navigate the harsh realities of a post-apocalyptic landscape shaped by violence, power struggles, and the remnants of a once-thriving civilization.  Moreover, the themes of loyalty, betrayal, and the search for identity resonate across all three works. In the Odyssey, Odysseus grapples with his identity and his longing for home, while in Fallout, players often face moral choices that test their allegiances and values. The intricate relationships between characters in the Iliad mirror the alliances and conflicts that players encounter in the Fallout series, highlighting the complexities of human interactions in times of turmoil.  Additionally, both the Odyssey and Fallout incorporate elements of the supernatural. From the intervention of gods and mythical creatures in the ancient epics to mutated creatures and advanced technology in Fallout, these fantastical elements add depth and intrigue to the narratives, blurring the lines between reality and myth.  In conclusion, the Fallout series shares striking similarities with the Odyssey and the Iliad in terms of thematic depth, character development, and exploration of the human experience in extraordinary circumstances. Through their epic storytelling, these works invite audiences to ponder timeless questions about heroism, morality, and the enduring resilience of the human spirit in the face of daunting challenges.
unbelievably good? it's like, average, but I guess fallout fans are so starved for a good thing that because it's not horrendous it's a masterpiece
they made the BOS 🏳️‍🌈 af but yeah, great show
I had my doubts from the previews, but after binge watching the first season I'm fairly impressed with the result.
Glad you liked it!
3:17 most are death traps
It’s not a bad show, but to say it follows cannon/source is insane.
i think edgerunners was better than this show beacuse it made me like cyberpunk way more than the show made me wanna play fallout
You fell flat. The show sucks. Too many lore retcons/inconsistencies. The acting was mostly miss (except for Goggins). Maxim reminds me of Finn from Star Wars.
I’ll be as spoiler free with this as possible:  There’s a certain point in Season 1 where the audience meets a “younger” version of a character and the CGI is…questionable at best. I’m amazed bc the rest of the show’s SFX were fairly good, but this scene made me say aloud, “oh…ohhhh…ehhhh 🫣”
</SPOILER>!  I only have two major complaints about the show, where's the fuckin Deathclaw and Super mutees?!
This video wasnt recommended. I didnt know it existed until now. Shame on you, Youtube
I think he liked it.
Walton Goggins, the actor who make the Ghoul, is pretty amazing in the character. I recognize him from Tarantino movies, he play supporting minor roles there, so it is nice to see him in a more proeminent role. Expect a lot on next season.
you lied to me.
Guys stop it's bad. Trust me, I watched it for myself
The music from RDR 2 Lenny and Arthur's drunken adventure was great!
hmm it aint that good its got more flaws then a hookers drawers
My biggest complaint was how stupid everyone in the show is. Other than that I LOVED it
The show was very entertaining and fun to watch but it has soooo many inconsistencies with the lore, that it's kinda hard to ignore, especially seeing, that I'm a pretty big Fallout nerd and seeing as the show has been declared cannon. I think I'd rather have a worse show, than a good show potentially messing with the quality of the lore in future games and/or even retconning events (or non-events) in previous games. I think this dilemma would've been honestly solved by not making the show take place in California but some place, that was never explored in Fallout. The downfall and destruction of Shady Sands for example is a huge problem for me. In the show it took place before the events of New Vegas, yet in New Vegas, no one even mentions the complete destruction of the NCR's capital. The NCR is still going strong, expanding and fighting multiple wars on multiple fronts, while in the show, the NCR seems to have almost completely vanished in California, which does not make much sense, when looking at Fallout New Vegas. Another example is the Master. He was based in a test vault near the L.A. Boneyard and he sent his Super Mutant troops all over California, in search for "prime normals", as they so lovingly put it. Infecting normal Wastelanders, who had to endure high amounts of radiation, resulted in the big dumb Super Mutants we know and love but infecting people with the FEV, who were not radioactive (prime normals), would result in highly intelligent Super Mutants, who could even develop psychic powers and to achieve that, the Master raided Vaults in California, to kidnap in infect the inhabitants, so they could serve as higher ranking members of his army. I just don't see a possibility, in which vaults 31, 32, 33 and 4 (especially seeing as Vault 4 let in people from the Wastes) could've survived the Master, as they're all on the surface and easy to find and access. The Master went after every single prime normal, he could get his hands on, there's just now way, that these Vaults could have survived. These are just two examples because listing every single one, would honestly take me a while. I can understand people hating this show because the lore is not taken very seriously (just look at what they did to the Brotherhood, they're suddenly actual medieval larpers lol). I have a buddy, who works in the industry and he says, that no one takes the lore seriously at these video game productions, which could explain as to why they often suck. No one cares for the lore but the fans and they want to make money with show, so they take "creative liberties" with the property, to widen mass appeal, which usually pisses off the fans.  The show is entertaining in my opinion, I quite liked it but only because I actively chose to suspend my disbelief, just like you did. Sometimes I had to shake my head in disappointment because they just casually and probably unintentionally retconned something but what can you do? I just tried taking it for what it is and not think about the established lore too much. This is a brain off show. However, fans shouldn't have to actively turn off their brains to enjoy a show and I can understand, if people don't want to do that and hate the show as a consequence. I would hate it too. Ultimately, we'll have to see how it continues. Show's not over yet and maybe they'll make it make sense somehow, even though I doubt it. We'll just have to see how it affects future games or even past games, if things go really bad (for example declaring past games as not canon because of the discrepancies would be the worst possible outcome, even though I am 99% sure, that they'd never do that). Even though I quite enjoyed watching it, I'm still undecided as to what to think of it. It's an entertaining piece of media for sure but if it will be worth it, remains to be seen, at least for me
My only complaint was the nudity just because it's awkward when watching with family but I loved this show
i think one of the best parts is how lore accurate it is. and since it was confirmed canon, and is placed later than any of the fallout games, most stuff was truly either accurate, or new info that truly changes so much in the fallout lore we were always questioning
I saw some complaints that Lucy is a Mary Sue because it shows her at the beginning acing every test and being perfect. Yeah. And then they flip those expectations because she’s completely useless outside the vault and even loses a finger. They do a great job showing just how out of her depth she is in the real world. She screws up constantly. She only survives through sheer stubbornness and leaning on the help of others. But she also has just enough skill to get herself out of other situations, only to do something to make the situation worse.  I love how the set designers and prop makers made everything feel like the video game. The shacks were the same. The vault walls were the same. The fusion reactor. Even the corn grown in the vault had the same exact planters from Fallout 4 and as someone who spent endless hours building settlements in Fallout 4, I was marking out over how good everything looked in the show.
Lies. It is not bad but it is not GOOD, it is just "good".
It's a poorly written uncoherent mess but its fun and the characters are likable.
One of my favorite things about the way the show captures the game's violence is how even the lowest caliber guns will aerosolize an entire skull, but only if the character being shot doesn't have a name
snackrolling the mojavelicious fillmost caramakel you satiswish for a nuclear whunger
Curious about your thoughts of Mauler's video on this show. He's made a video recently and it seems he's quite upset. Lol
Translate to the small screen
The blm community loves when you make the main black character weak stupid and immoral right? We’re helping right?
Seems, im the only one that thinks its ok, "mauler" really puts my thoughts about it well enough. I personally don't like how they treat the brother hood of stool power armour at times they make it look like a joke haha. I find it ok but to each his own. I thought that was denzel washington's son just from the way he acted lol
14:54 through 15:08 WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT THE REASON ITS POPULAR IN THE FIRST PLACE IS A GOOD REASON TO KEEP IT THAT WAY NOT ME I COULDN'T HAVE THUNK THAT
Love the Benny suit!!! 😂
Im just honestly still surprised that no one mentions that the Shady that was nuked wasn’t the original Shady.
I can't believe it. Act man got fooled by Besthada's jingling keys. I guess a mans allowed a few bad takes in his life.
As John Fallout himself I approve this message
Man u just shill for stuff now I guess.    Bad take after bad take.   Took a bit but yea I gotta unsubcribe.   If I wanted to hear Amazon's sales pitch I'd just watch the ads I block instead of blocking them.   Next ull be telling us rings of power is good and how much we should love rebel moon 2
They better add The courier 6 for season 2 but without showing his face without taking his helmet off, I did hear that they going to change the ending of fallout New Vegas and going to have a remake of fallout 3 and there's going to be a update for fallout 4
Leave it to this dweeb to champion another female protagonist diversity focused low brow c-tier show like this.  This show was filled with deus ex machinas, inconsistencies, bad writing, and terrible psychotic actors like Michael Rapaport. I mean right out of the gate Michael Rapaport can't kill a bear but the newbie diversity protagonist can throw a hundred pound boulder several hundred yards- just dumb. the But its no surprise that the little kids on this channel don't notice or care about any of that, they just enjoy a modicum of accurate lore, which isn't hard to do.
That 18k on Fallout 76 is more like 50k-60k now
I wonder why NO ONE, no fans or reviewers didn't get the main easter egg in the show, which is Chet. Do you, even after I pointed it out? Or should I make my own video about it?
I recommend to see the DWTerminator video on the show to see all the flaws on the show lore beacuse it's amazing how the miss the mark on that for the fans on the originals fallouts
I think the first episode really captures the essence in a smart way.  What they did is the basic structure delivered by The Good, The Bad and The Ugly fitted into the Fallout universe and it worked perfectly. It all summed up in the second episode just like a western would where everybody shoots anyone, and it intersects three timelines perfectly!
I’m a 32 y/o old dude geeking out over this show. It was GREAT
The show has a nuke sized hole of plotholes in it. Did people become like the people of the wasteland and lose all ability to think.
stick to video games. that show was trash. they rewrote the lore and made powerarmor useless. they butchered my beloved brotherhood and were to dumb to keep their own worldbuilding coherent. It LOOKED goodish but even that is generous to say in some scenes .
the fallout show is great
...Uh, this show sucked donkey balls as a standalone and sucked nuclear winter as as a fallout show. The production value was good, the acting was good, but the writing sucked and everyone, EVERYONE, was so fucking stupid.
I love Act Man, but this is the first time I disagree with him. I loved about 60% of the series, but hated the rest. Maximus makes so much dumb decisions it becomes frustrating more than anything, the wasteland is supposed to be hell but everyone is a goofball for comedic purpose, the power armor scenes are despicable, and also: you just CANNOT understand the series if you have never played the games. And that is a HUGE problem! To be honest I had a good time watching the show, but it was MOSTLY due to nostalgia and fan service. Not a bad show, but i just cannot understand how the Act Man rates it "so awesome". Thx for coming to my ted talk
I got goosebumps when the brotherhood was walking through the first floor of the NCR base and the ghoul showed up behind them on the stairs
no one wants to mention Javier Bardem
I was ready to give up after episode 2. There were too many lazy cuts that made the final version. A lot of the action choreography was eye-rolling, the minigun turret missing that scientist for more than 3 seconds is a cliche that needs to die. Any minigun in the media might as well be a storm trooper at this point. I hope Fallout pulls a Mandolorian and makes fun of how bad miniguns are.  But for some season starting at episode 3 I started pausing the show when I left the room, it had my attention finally. The fights got a little better and the cringe scenes faded a bit too.  By the last episode I was fully onboard and hungry for season 2. I wish the start wasn't so mediocre.
Muldaver had a laser pistol but it wasn't fired
How the fuck did Maximus survive a nuke in a fridge with a vent ?
Really? I thought it was cringe as fuck. Ok, the main female character and the Ghoul are actually pretty based, but the rest? Isssh...
Ok, but have you considered:   Fallout has gone WOKE‼️‼️‼️‼️⁉️⁉️⁉️⁉️😱😱😱😱
It woke garbage. It starts with 3 brow people deciding if the white woman can have a baby. The jew peaking though the door on the race mixing scene. It also erases Fallout 1,2 and new Vegas. but whatever.
13:04 that's actually The Battle Hymn of the Republic playing, not I've Been Working On The Railroad
The chick pretending to be a man in the military had me dying laughing 🤣 can’t take the show seriously after that.
Yeah, it's a highly popular series nowadays. On the other hand, the only playable and enjoyable literally number one Fallout game is Fallout New Vegas as I'm sure most of you gamers agreed upon.
This video is so braindead. This show is not good for so many reasons. People keep talking about the look and feel but I rarely hear people praise the writing and characters. The show doesn't explain shit but that okay because you can just go read a wiki. No, just no. The show, to SOME DEGREE needs to work on its own. Like the final shot of the show. If you haven't played NV, it means fuck all. "If retcons and lore inconsistencies are the biggest problem, that's a good problem to have." Come the fuck on man. That is a MASSIVE problem. If they've just going to fuck the lore. I would greatly prefer them to just not be canon.
Lol, "this video is gonna be spoiler free" Proceeds to spoils part of the plot and character development.
I'm re-watching it a 3rd time❤
What I like about the series is that it feels like it did what the Last of Us did, but better!!  I don't understand why couldn't The Last of Us do this instead, an Adaptation that gives the Fans something new, while giving New Audience an opportunity to see why everyone loves it so much!!  FallOut TV could've easily been a rehash of any FallOut game, but no! instead, fans and newcomers experienced everything FallOut has to offer while being new and fresh!!  Last Of Us should've been that instead of rehashing the 1st Game 4x within 10 years. The 7 years that took place between Last of Us 1 & 2 could've easily been 7 seasons easily.
Do a New Vegas playthrough on stream! Even if it’s not your first time playing it I would love to watch your sense of lore within the game
Indeed and theyre so good theyve lured unsuspecting victims to Fallout 76...
Are we finally learning?
there is very little good about this show
please tell me youre joking?
Never played the games but loved every bit of this show 😊
The show's problem is that it's filled with plot holes and Stupid Moments That make no sense.
GARRY!
My favorite reference was titus making maximus carry all his extra gear which is the only reason anyone ever picks up a companion.
it´s literally the worst writing i have ever witnessed in my life and you people claim it to be good, like, what kind of ideology do you follow to say it is any good? for real, i want to understand it
This is one of the rare times we don't agree. I think the show is okay at best. It's riddled with consistent continuity issues. Characters aren't very likable. The protagonist is at the very least a psychopath to be perfectly honest. They ruined the brotherhood of steel. Which alone set me off.
you should teach angry joe how to do a proper review
Max Headrum looking muphuca!
As a Halo fan, it really hurt to watch this series because it was actually enjoyable and made me  think about what the Halo show could have been.
Watching the fallout show makes me wish for a season 2
Well it works because Fallout as a game is really bad. So making a TV show is easy. There is no story to work around,, there is no real lore, it's a poorly written world.
the music is too f*cking loud, why, just why
0:38 honestly the only thing bad about this show is the fact that ~8-10% of the runtime is just the end credits, most of which I attribute to their being 10 executive producers. Seriously, watch an episode's credit and note when the first executive producer credit starts and just watch how long it goes for. It's out of control.  Actually, that vault-tec scene in the finale, the bit where Cooper does the whole "c'mon Barb, tell 'em what's up" sorta thing, yeah that was awful. A shame too for so many tie ins/such a weighty reveal, but that scene is so cheese dick and impractical.
I haven't watched the show(yet cuz i don't have money to get amazon subscription) but i hope so much that there wil be a fat man scene,or even reference,thats all i want
I applauded when “I dont want to set the world on fire” played The show made me cry with joy😂
awesome video
But act man no big iron so 0/10
I think Lucy is suppose to represent the player character. She meets weird npcs throughout her travels, comes across places that are supposed to be civilations, and goes from almost dying to having an arsenal at the end.
hasan and leftists need to play frogger some more especially in front of the train tracks like they love so much. it is so high iq 😂
I didn’t even think it was Mr. House. Makes so much sense now
The biggest issue I have is maximus and how retarded he is. The brotherhood is supposed to be hardened military like marines not some half trained wayward home for lost boys. How can someone that was trained by them his entire life be such an idiot? I can't get over that. Other than that, it was alright. The pacing lacked and the writing was just okay in my eyes. We'll see if they can redeem themselves in the next season. I'd love to see some laser guns, rad-storms, and I'm pretty excited to see the first presentation of super mutants and deathclaws. They absolutely nailed the atmosphere and aesthetic of every area in this show. Especially when they explore vault 32, it is very reminiscent of all of the times while exploring the wasteland, stumbling across yet another vault with some horrific experiment gone wrong, you're left with a trail of corpses and only more and more questions as you go further.
Can’t wait for Mauler to destroy this shitshow
Dude, disagree. The characters are  constantly contradicting their own character traits. E.g. The Ghoul values the meds to a great degree for obvious reasons and then drops his hat full of them at the drop of a hat. During the Gulper scene, he doesn't shoot the damn thing. Instead, he pokes it with a stick. Does he value his ammunition? Apparently not beacause he wastes a shot on a damn billboard...
It's not
I see bethesda paid you to shill their and Amazons bad show and you still haven't taken responsibility for your actions and insults against Az even know he was right. Act ma'am the bethesda shill and grifter.
You know whats likeable? DO YOU? Its that jacket. That jacket is hella likeable.
End of the season made my spurs go jingle jangle jingle
I can’t believe it. I was wrong about Bethesda for once
I binged all episodes yesterday. Whata a blast 😊
The only thing that kinda bothered me was when I compared the scene of Cooper vs Maximus to Cooper vs BOS. That's a nitpicky thing and I thought I was done with Fallout for good but the show was so good that I had to instantly get back to gaming Fallout. 6/5
"White man bad" - the show
Unpopular opinion: loved the halo show 🥲
I went in preparing myself not to like it   Than I found myself not being able to hit next episode quick enough   And god damn how cute is Lucy smh ugh   She can explode my co……moon wealth any day 😎
JUST A QUESTION. WHAT DLC'S WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE. AS FOR ME MOTHER SHIP ZETA.
I was super worried about them fucking it up. I didn't even want to watch the show at first. But I'm very glad I did. I just hope they can preserve the quality for the seasons to come.
Good part is the world building, bad part is the woke injection throughout.
Patrolling the Mojave makes you almost wish Ron Perlman was here
Awe, true to Act Man.
Oh no.....
Wait... You liked falliut show... Damn man.
I loved this show, and thought it was a good representation of the Fallout universe. But man, there are soooo many negative reviews of it and I can't understand why, as it's really not that bad. So thanks for the positivity 👍(Fallout thumbs ups).
It seems act man has fallen in love with the rdr2 ost
Hopefully, Ron Perlman makes a cameo in season 2
Why was there no looting?! 0/10 (LOL)
I also love the Easter egg where Lucy’s dad types in a code and the code is 101097, which is call back to when the original game came out
I did actually see a laser pistol in the last episode held by the raider leader, but she never used it
Fun fact, the director is a HUGE fan of the games.
The comedy is great
The show is good but I'm very disheartened with the fact that the storylines from Fallout 1, 2 and New Vegas may aswell not have happened as any legacy on the West Coast has been removed from the setting with the show and is pretty much just Bethesda East Coast but with cowboy hats.   That and making it so that Vault-Tec where the ones that dropped the nukes is honestly just stupid in my eyes. This idea that a bunch of megacorp capitalists would see the end of the world as some sort of "Ultimate Monopoly" is an extremely dumb take on how economics and capitalism even works. It was far better when whoever launched first was left ambigeous with the most likely perpitrator being China due to them loosing the war.
unbelievable good is a bit of a over statement
Man i didn't expect this showbto be this great.
What's not good is the cringe af sex stuff they added for whatever reason. And dude, that's not what out of pocket means...
The only thing I've told people thought I was disappointed by the show is that we don't see any super mutants. That's my only gripe. I'm sure we're going to see them in season 2 but it was disappointing not to even get a glimpse of them. I thought maybe we see a arm of on a gurney or something like that, but I'm not sure
You have to be a wokist normie simpleton brain sheeple content consumer to think this is a good show
The show starting in 2077 but everyone dressed like in the 50s was throwing me off
I'm 2 weeks late but the Knights at the BoS base right when they're about to execute Maximus you see they have laser pistols I'm pretty sure. But you never see them in use sadly, I would've loved to see that but I think it would be hard to get it right since people care about the science of laser weapons so much lmao
The show is ok, practically average. The  Halo show is leaps and bounds better.
My favorite “oh shit!” Moment was the overlook of New Vegas, I jumped out of my seat and yelled “THAT’S NEW VEGAS!!! SEASON 2 IS NEW VEGAS BABY!!”. If it isn’t NV, I am going to be pissed
They destroyed Shady Sands... As far as I know this show doesn't deserve my respect.
I went into the show expecting a woke mess. I ended Episode 8 very pleased that it infact was great. Not a masterpiece but still very VERY good.  8/10 recommend it warmly.
The writing is pretty shit. The jokes are dumb. Cooper could have killed Maximus in Filly but just didn't. (Killed all the Brotherhood Soldiers in the last episode). Everything is just super convenient. (Just run into people or somehow get what they need). Some of the scenes looked like torture porn. (Weird birth scene) Nothing is learned, everything is immediately retconned (Her finger gets removed, get a new one). Vault-Tec plot made my brain bleed on how stupid it is.  Leftist propaganda about communism. (Would have been fine if someone didn't call him a Fascist). Strange lesbian relationship with the Mom and the "Badguy".  Dad nukes an entire city but has no repercussions.   They said the vault is a breeding vault of genetically "perfect" specimens.  (I don't have to say anything, do I?). The only good part of the show is Cooper. Everything is else mid at best. 6.5 / 10
This show was mid af
Bro, THIS SHOW SUCKED!!!  The main lady is trying to mount any man in the eye line, and we get a Fynn 2.0….. HE GREW UP IN THE WASTELAND, BUT KNOWS LESS THAN THE MAIN CHARACTER WHO GREW UP IN THE VAULT…..WHAT?!?!? The writers knew this show was crap, so they threw in a bunch of memberberries hoping you would overlook their garbage story and horrible character creation, and guess what?? They got ya. You over looked all of it. they forced you to watch garbage show after garbage show for years now, so when something just above garbage is released you would think it’s amazing. They give Fynn 2.0 a promotion just after he was accused of Messing up his best friend lol. This show made no sense, and the fact you saw none of this just proves to me you can’t be trusted to give an honest estimate opinion.
It's kind of unfair to criticize any video game movie against the success of the Fallout show.   Those other games did not have so much material and a readily identifiable look/vibe as something based on the Fallout games had.
spoilers: I love how it's revealed Lucy has changed when she misjudges the people in vault 4. Like when she arrived there you still think she's ned flanders, (golden rule and all), but her having to be wary and expecting worse from vault 4 reveals that she has in fact changed, and maybe understand how the ghoul got where he is with his misjudgements about lucy.
FUCKING SHILLLLLLL!
Can,t wait to see what happens with Thaddeus. My favorite character for sure.
It’s pretty good but the bar has been set pretty low these days
13:00 just got to this scene, I gotta say it...  Fallout: Plays a lyricless version of "Glory glory hallelujah." Act Man: This a neat "I've been working on the railroad" remix!
It’s insane that you are the exact same person that called out halo 5‘s garbage writing yet this disgrace and abomination in writing gets your stamp of approval  Either you turned off your brain or the name ‚fallout‘ is enough for you to excuse everything that’s just done badly in writing and freaks up the OG games and NV
the enclave guards, in the flashback with the scientist leaving, had the basic laser rifle. they never fired it though. definitely needed more energy weps in the brotherhood. only 4 episodes in now, so not sure if more appear later on. i loved the scene in the opening where they have the talk about the thumb rule, then theres a flash and the little girl just turns and holds up her thumb. chilling framing.
That one scene between lucy and maximus...
Put TheRussianBadger in the show, you will see a nuclear wasteland get noticeable worse.
F
I didn't like how they made the main antagonist a communist, only to reveal that she's not actually a communist just before revealing she's also not a villain. Hmm... I'm getting... a certain message from that...
My favorite part of the show was watching what felt like an NPC watch a character sit in loading screen for a second after some bullshit just happened. Especially during Maximus’ scenes, which 9/10 times made whatever happening just way funnier.
Goul jerky
Isn’t Fallout 4 the only Fallout game to show what everything was like before the Bombs?
I really loved the new sound track for the Brotherhood of Steel
Man... At first I was like, "C'mon... Another female protagonist?!" Then I just loved Lucy. I thought she was a bit too Mary Sue at times, but under the circumstances I could tolerate it. In any event, Ella Purnell was awesome in the role and I'm looking forward to seeing how her character develops in S2. I kind of knew what to expect of Maximus, because the actor Aaron Moten always plays that kind of character. Still, they made Maximus a compelling character who you didn't know if you should root for or not. And finally... What can you say about Walton Goggins (Cooper/The Ghoul)? He owns his roles and likewise, just like in almost every role he plays, you want to dislike his character, but you just can't. He has the diabolical charm and wit that makes you unable to quit him. Apart from the main three, Norm (Moises Arias), is the character whose development I'm most looking forward to seeing.  All in all, I love the show and I'm going to watch it again in order to dig deeper and also to see what I missed. I suppose that says enough by itself.
Isnt the fallout story line (for the show) a bit sketch? Cuz it means that the games means jack. Mind you its a great show still feels conflicted about it.  The factions feel odd and no enclave that mean no power armor from them.😢
Guess I have to watch
dude the show was awesome i cant wait for the next season
Nice suit.. I guess you ain’t some kinda Fink.
They absolutely nailed it, what an amazing show and performance from the cast, especially Walton goggins (ghoul) now became one of my top favorite actors of all time
I played maybe 1 Fallout, had no interest in this going in and absolutely loved it. It has "give a shit". I respect that in a show.
War, war never changes
The right amount of goofy it feels like you're playing the game.
I had the same thoughts about that "bs sidequest line". My face lit up with enjoyment.
They should have played the New Vegas theme when she held up the NCR flag
The show OZZES fallout charm. Went in with low expectations and was so so very happily surprised
Lacked level up sound effect. Otherwise, I love it.
This video is proof that when your favorite CC says something, the lemming viewers just fall in line. What a dumb take here.
War, war never changes...
9:06 there’s a laser rifle in the enclave base in the beginning of episode 2!
I would really love if My Chrysalis Highwayman is played in the second season
after i done watching the series i hop on my computer and start playing Fallout New Vegas again and again the show is really good
I was wrong, I thought it was going to be woke shit due all the bad releases except The Last of Us. Fallout is anything but woke, loved every bit.
what was weird is if u notice the brotherhoods guns they are  laser pistols and rifles besides the assult rifle from 4 that they have, the part when maximus goes back and they have him on his knees the brotherhood knight is holding a laser pistol to the back of his head.
I just finished this after going into it without any expectations and I was surprised at how good it was. And this was after seeing a couple of channels saying how it was a terrible show because it was too "woke".  Well those morons are missing out. I also thought the show was very faithful to the games. I'm in my fifties and have followed the franchise for a long time so I was a bit scared this show was going to suck. But man, it was really good. I'm already wishing the second season comes soon.
I legitimately started running around with my hands in the air yelling OOHHHHHH when “war never changes”
Been a fallout fan since I was 15, and I’m almost 30 now. And damn, I’m so happy to see the show get the attention and love that people who’ve had the games all this time have known… the show is fun, feels exactly like another Fallout campaign.
It’s alright, I give it a 5/10. And I’ve been playing fallout games for 15 years.
Wow, i thought you said you liked new vegas? Sell out
Ive never even played any if the fallout games, i just started watching it because Lucy is damn hot af.  And ive never played any of the last of us games either, i just watched it because Pedro was in it... lol
I prefer Fallout: Red Star by Wayside Digital. It has better grit.
This dude will literally shill anything 😂
i am also bitter because it really showed how much better the halo show would be if they didn't use Master Chief and just did their own thing.
Nah the last of us was shit too.
I’ve played all of the fallout gam s except 1&2 and I thought the show was perfect and couldn’t have been any better
Lucy is brave charismatic adventurer, a typical female player character. Norm is typical male player character
Finally, someone says it. Stick to what your core Audince loves and expects when making these shows and movies and you’ll very likely be able to bring in a bigger crowd that way. All they. Been doing is making sure nobody will want to watch it as a opposed to their preexisting fans, curious newcomers, and whoever both groups being along cause you know half of them are going to rope someone else into going with them or watching with them. Suddenly, you see an increase in both core audience and casual fans. Show off what what makes you special, what makes this franchise worth their time, instead of ruining everything trying g to appease and attract the very vocal minority who were never going to watch it in the first place. Especially if it’s a niche franchise to begin with.
Literally the best tv I’ve watched in years, and I was not a Fallout fan before this show but now I am. I’ve seen other people online saying that the show is woke garbage and it is an absolute L take. If Actman says something is good, simply it is good.
I really liked how they had both versions of the 10mm pistol from Fallout 1/2 AND 4
Maximus is the best 😂
bro norm’s character was so good with him trynna see what’s happening vault 31 n 32 that he got me theorizing with him
I thought it would be cool if they had Ron do the opening for season 2
11:58 might be the best scene in the show.  I never played the games and the show really made the T-60 armor soldiers seem like elite soldiers prepared for anything. I was shocked  when the first encounter the same elite soldiers had with a stronger enemy ended up with him running away while repeating "F*CK F*CK F*CK" 😂
Unbelievably good? Serviceable at best but still a lot things that were off and too convenient for the sake of the story/
Slow mo for  VATS?  Anyways this show was awesome
yeah a woman actually surviving the wasteland without being someones hoe is so realistic
Great you enjoy the series.  But I have to say.. Bethesda's Fallout sucks. That's just how it is.. They destroyed the entire old fallout lore. You will hear that more if you talk to original fallout fans.. Bethesda never understood Fallout or it's mentality.  They think that's its about the 50s in a apocalyptic world but it's actually about the 50s world that was destroyed in an ultimate world conflict and mad max arose from that world. It makes no sense that people wear fine outfits in this world because they don't know a THING from the old world.  But they don't need the original fallout fans because they're fallout is for the masses.. Not for fans.  But the series is well made.  I already don't like it that they introduced the *Eastern* Brotherhood of Steel first because that's the most hardcore and extreme brotherhood.  Fallout is not a critique of capitalism.. It's an ANTI WAR game.. Nothing to do with Capitalist or communist.. Or any other ideologies. Most of the villians in fallout are actually not typical villians they all want to create a better society.. But have different motives. It's not as black and white as you may think.
I hope in season 2 they show off a death claw
Funnily enough,after watching the first couple episodes of the Fallout show,my little sister wanted to start playing the series so my dad gave her Fallout 3,and now he’s playing the New Vegas radio in the house a lot while playing 4 lol.
My 64 year old dad who has only played  goldeneye 64 (he grew up as a bond fan so he loves it) watched this show and immediately started asking questions about the games. Fast forward a week later he’s been playing fo3 non stop we live in the dc area so he’s been having a blast 😂
As someone who doesn't follow the games I went I'm this expecting it to be woke shit. I hated the first episode as it checked everything on the list. After finishing the series I loved it. It's like whoever put this together was like "We have to make sure to get that woke score percentage but it's gonna kill the show....let's put it in the first two so we can tell a good story, most people aren't hooked until 3 episodes in anyway" and understood the assignment.
Still havent watched, still dont want to watch, this generates 0 interest.
It is not good. Even close
On the cannon talk, as someone who has delved deep into every facet of fallout lore, there is not a single part of the show that is not believe able lore wise or has had some context alrwady established in the lore. The closest thing too it is the shady sands date, but even then its really as simple as dates could have been wrong people could have not been informed and this could just be a timeline where the ncr fell at hoover.
Fallout 5 coming soon
Never looking at Vault Boy the same ever again
My fav character from the show... Goosey :D
It's pretty awful.
I loved how they play We Three in the last episode while Ghoul, Maximus and Lucy
If I may, and this might be a hot take, but... the Fallout show is exactly as accurate to Bethesda's Fallout in every way.  In the fact that in my opinion, the main questline flip flops between mid/decently good. All the while, the sideplots and certain character backstories are what really made the show interesting.  The main conflict feels a bit contrived/forced with the three protags intersecting as often as they do, in as convenient circumstances as they do. I mean, the Vault girl literally meeting the most important character in the early arc 2-3 times in a row on pure coincidence is just lazy. And them resolving knock-off Raul's (compliment) radaway problem in one episode forever is little anticlimactic.  Either way, it's still a decently enjoyable watch, not as great as the great adaptations but definitely far from the worse. Precisely what Fallout became after Bethesda acquired it. If there was an award for how accurate a videogame gets translated into traditional media, this show will definitely be taking home the 2024 trophy.
Neve played the Fallout games, but they are definitely on my short list after watching the show. You don't need to know much about the universe to appreciate an amazing writing/acting.
Only played Fallout1 and 2 and liked the fan service stuff. But my Wife knew nothing about Fallout and still liked everything and never thought she was left out or missing the context. Really well done and balanced between fanfiction and just pure good content.
Dont miss the sales! all fallout games (even game of the year editions) are like 60-85% off on G2A. got fallout 4 with all DLCs for 12 euros.
Show will not age well.  Has few obvious problems, but many secondary and subtle problems in the casting, setting contradictions, inconsistent character writing, and nonsensical plotting that will tank it's ratings after the initial hype wears off.  Right now people just like seeing a not horrible representation of the game setting, but as an actual story divorced from the IP, it's bad to mid.  it's in the same camp as The Mandalorian, Westworld, Stranger Things, and the Star Wars sequels.  Normies will be bamboozled by the initial foray and surface presentation, but on second viewing and as people with more understanding of narrative structure filter in, the problems with the show will seep into the mainstream hivemind.
This show was fun but waaaay overrated.
I never knew what fallout was until I watched ur reviews about the game's, and I got to episode 5 I rlly wanna play it, a question though which fallout games should I play first?
As a fallout fans I really want this show to be good but even my easy ti please nature that come with low expectation still couldn't handle the lazy writing. This mess of a show ius good? It really buffle me  that there actually exist people with satisfaction bar that even way lower than mine.  Reaper made a review that address this stupid writing.
It would have been cool if she lifted the NCR flag and it Played the New Vegas theme and not the Fallout 4 one. Also it probably won't but I hope they go to D.C. for some reason so I can see my boy Three Dog.
I bet you like it because it doesn’t have REQ packs!? If it had REQ packs I bet you’d hate it
i like that episode where they completely fail the quest but get massively rewarded for it. funny as hell.
I’ve never played a fallout game but I’ve watched the first season three times now. It is so great in every way and Lucy MacLaine and The Ghoul are probably my favorite protagonists of all time. Even if they ruin it in the next seasons I will always have season 1 to keep watching over and over.
It’s a decent show, but not a good Fallout product. The lore is all wrong in the show, you can tell no one that worked the show has really played any game prior to F4
No taste in writing whatsoever, Jesus Christ, some of you guys need to step away from the internet once in a while and re-evaluate what you should consider good media.
Halo get's a ton of hate.  Most people I've spoken about Halo to (anecdotal of course) Happen to really enjoy the Drama and depth into the story...it seems a lot of people just wanted non-stop action, and because of Mandalorian, they have reluctantly accepted the main actor to be hidden behind a helmet for 39.55 hours out of 40 hours of scenes. Personally, the dramatic buildup, and the character building of Master Chief and Cortana is something that fans NEEDED, and I'm deadass surprised that all "fans" wanted was 48 minutes of CGI shooting aliens and nothing else.  The whole concept of pulling the emotion-dampening implants, enabling extensive character and world building, is something Halo needed,. I 100% believe that if they would have just been non-stop helmet guy shooty shooty with barely any dialogue, people would have hated that too.  The buildup of two seasons culminating in landing on the Halo is fucking awesome imo.
It's better if it's new to you ...the complaints come from those that played the game to the end
My mom, who doesnt play any video games, wanted to watch  this show with me and asked me all kinds of questions about the lore and prefaced it by telling me "keep it tame and dont nerd out on me too much, please". And as someone who doesnt play any video games, she thoroughly enjoyed this show and can't wait for season 2.
I was just gonna watch the first episode the other day and then ended up watching it all that day lol. I loved it! I think they did a very good job of giving you that feeling when you first play one of the games. One thing I liked, was I think a couple times they showed the skeletons in ways telling the story about how the people died and I loved that in the games. Great video as always!
I love it.  There is a lot of red pilled maga losers who hate it.  But that makes it even sweeter.
that's not Lucy that's Goosie
This is sun of that hood shit, unlike halo
The only thing they missed was having Dog Meat get in the way. 3 seconds of the ghoul trying to push his way past dog meat in a doorway, giving him a look like "little bastard" when he gets by. Don't even have him say anything, just add that little bit to a scene. It would have been great.
"Do you wanna have sex?"  What?  I don't play the games.  Is this really the type of humor in the game?
I actually head that TLoU sucked bad.
Do a bad takes video for Fallout too!
Norm is the G.O.A.T
My only issue was, nobody had their pitboys on at the start, woulda known instantly the raiders were... raiders...
Spoiler free: me who sees guns as spoilers haha.
Good choice in the dressing in the video hahaha it took me like 6 minutes to get it hahaha
Spoilers, I gues       At the end, when they restore electricity to all of the houses ahead, I recognized something. And I guarantee anyone I recognize a dinosaur holding a giant thermometer when I see one. That is how I knew where we were headed.  The truth is, the game was rigged from the start.
the use of the VATS system was so fucking awesome. Such a great detail.
It's a brilliant show. I'm genuinely impressed.
I really hate everything up in the show when there are so many nitpicks that are huge red flags and so much redconing because from the start we already have a character that is representing a mascot that I don't care but the mister handy voice acting makes more sense in the story then we get the Enclave looking like a blacked out wet white helmets military police what laser rifles when all Enclave members use plasma rifles and why the fuck does the Brotherhood of Steel use the shity ass ugly ass amalgamation of a machine gun that is called an assault rifle in Fallout 4 and 76 or should say the show and not just that Shady Sands is nuke for no reason and the end of the series it looks like New Vegas is going to be a gunner for no reason either and not just that we have all of the fucking East Coast moving into the West Coast pretty much destroying and somehow becoming the most strongest faction ever even though we could have Boomers and other factions and Raiders completely destroying it and taking advantage of the situation when did the Brotherhood still become so powerful only in Todd Howard's world it is because he loves fucking Skyrim since he keeps recycling that piece of shit of a game
The Witcher has been trash since S1 lol.  Cavill's departure didn't change anything.
I feel like the show spent a lot of time showing us the power armor but didn't show us just how powerful it makes you. The Titus scene felt like they knew that showing death claws would ruin the build up for them and wanted Maximus in the suit as soon as possible. The Yao Guai seems like something Titus could easily take on, being a trained B.O.S. Knight, but is made to behave cowardly. Seconds later, we see Maximus messing around and showing off the vast strength he's gained. Maybe show the ghoul dude killing Titus and leaving the suit for Maximus. Showing that nature isn't the main threat but rather people.
One eyed guy is silly
i love the show but MAN does it piss me off (spoilers from here on, and yes, despite my bitching to come, i do recommend you watch it if you haven't)    I feel like how the NCR was handled was... crap, and that's my largest complaint. as far as I can tell, it seems as though the house ending is going to be the cannon one for the series so it does kind of make sense that after loosing hoover dam, and then having shady sands glassed that it would collapse. but that fact that it was nuked at all is just... it leaves a bad taste in my mouth.  not only do we not know where the nuke was even launched from, the fact Vault-Tec apparently started the war at all (something i feel like should've eternally been kept ambiguous, and most certainly not explained in a flashback) just feels like an overdone trope that they didn't justify using (huur durr, big corpo will start apocalypse to increase profit and take over the world) and the fact that it seems as though the nuke was perfectly timed with the height of political instability in the NCR to make everything come falling apart just because some random ass overseer from before the war got mad that his wife left him is just... why? (also what the hell happened to the water chip being fucked, they kind of just brought it up then dropped it)  back to the NCR though, I wish it was the followers of the apocalypse at the end. it would be MUCH more in theme for the followers to track down cold fusion (although, i do have problems with it being made before regular fusion* but that's a minor gripe) and use it to power the whole of an area, effectively forever. the way that the fight plays out also leaves a bad taste in my mouth, like are these borderline raiders supposed to be the remnants of the NCR? what happened to the uniforms? the weapons? the organization? the only thing that makes them supposedly related to the NCR is that one guy is running around with a flag. it feels eerily similar to how Ulysses describes how the tribe he trained braided their hair to honor him, not knowing the importance of why he still did his hair that way, but I really feel like its giving the show too much credit to throw in a reference to mr million words himself.  then there's the fact there's absolutely no remaining bits of anything left from the NCR, this was a republic that lasted over 100 years and there's nothing to show, not a spec of old uniforms, weapons, infrastructure. i get people not going "oh remember the NCR" because that'd just be the lead up to an exposition dump but still, there's no evidence that quite recently there was an outright Nation in the area that the story takes place in.   and from now I'm gonna be going on about how I like the way the show develops things, while still critiquing it.  The west coast chapter of the BOS being the first responders to the nuking of shady sands is cool as hell, and makes sense. though, there is an inconsistency if the house ending is cannon where they should be dead (though that might mean that we're looking at the independent New Vegas at the end of the season). while still talking about the BOS, it seems as though the BOS ending in 4 is the cannon one, as the fact the prydwen is in the air and there's a mention of "commonwealth command" (let alone the fact they got the info of an enclave defector/escapee) all but means that the BOS has the commonwealth under its grip (and is possibly stagnating because of it), i find it an interesting choice to even touch on the commonwealth and set anything there in stone, but things can still be done to spice things up further so im not too fussed about that  as for Cooper, I love how they make him so skilled. this is a person who's been around for over 200 years, they've 100% picked up a thing or two (or fifty), and his memory not being 100% (forgetting a pretty major flaw in power armor, before then recalling him grilling a westek suit for getting people killed from that same flaw) and almost getting him killed during his fight with maximus despite him being able to down multiple knights during the raid on the observatory feels like a satisfying explanation, though how they handle ghouls as a whole is kind of annoying. as far as I can tell, its not that every single ghoul needs the magic no feralization drug, but instead it prevents them from becoming completely feral once the process begins. this is the type of thing that I feel like needs an explanation. how did it come to be, why is it that some random ass bums running an organ harvesting operation have so much, why is it that it apparently this drug was manufactured pre-war and widespread to the point of being in pharmacies despite the fact ghoulification as a whole was very poorly understood? I'm fine with going and saying its exclusion from previous games was because it just isn't shown or something like that, because sometimes you have to do that. but the drug itself is where I find issue as its not given a satisfying explanation (I mean hell, having it be a remnant of the NCR's work or even the followers of the apocalypse would be cool, instead its just a McGuffin)  I do like how Lucy walks the balance of a wide-eyed optimist when she feels like she's comfortable (and what horrors she's comfortable with evolving as she spends more time on the surface) before having that repeatedly stomped out, only for its stubborn head to rear again when she gets some more understanding and skill of given situations. she's no genius, but she's a well made resourceful character with some dangerous behavioral habits.  as for how they handled Mr. House, it could've been done a lot better. him attending that meeting and not just being a no-show feels like a copout from his ""mathematical certainty"" line and takes away from the characters intelligence IMO, mainly because I'm sure Vault-Tec would've given him a date as to when shit was gonna go down, and even if they didn't he would be the type to notice a fuck ton of Vault-Tec employees going to 31-33 and know things were going down. yet, he still didn't manage to get the platinum chip in time. if he knew things were going down on that day, then lets be real there would've been a tracker with the courier delivering the chip before the bombs dropped so house would know where it was down to the street. other than House though the rest of the meeting (other than the whole "hurr durr" plot bit I went on about earlier) was sufficiently morbid. because yeah, the owners of these companies are flat out unhinged and we know this quite well by now, I mean fuck we especially know that the things Big MT would do would be seriously fucked considering their track record at the Sierra Madre and likely would be the most sadistic ones we see in the franchise.   and my final gripe is radiation, we see only one radaway if I remember right and occasionally hear that Geiger counter click but it feels like it never has an impact. nobody gets radiation sickness, and it seems there's no dangers from being in highly radioactive areas, but I will give it to the writers that having the raiders be detectable by a Geiger counter feels smart and is a satisfying way for Lucy to find out that somehow people from the surface got inside (a lesser writer would've had it be where she just so happens to wander up to the vault like she always does to remember her mother and mope around about how bummed she is to not be able to leave the vault, when suddenly after going to the door, she finds it open! shock shock horror horror, go down and blah blah blah.)  anyway, that was a thoroughly unproductive hour or so, imma leave it there,  TL:DR I'm mad at the show for the mistakes it makes and the pitfalls it falls into, but still think its damn good and overall is a good adaptation.
Was expecting to be woke nonsense but it was fantastic
I was pleasantly surprised by the fallout show. I thought the first episode was really weird but it got a lot better as it went.
Favorite clip from the show: When Lucy is talking to a stranger casually while pointing a gun at them. Most player thing I have ever seen 😂
Ron Perlman is fucking insane, so I'm not too bothered that he wasn't included in this show.
was pretty boring to me but at least it wasnt horrible tho alot of things that are going to happen are obvious along with dumb characters
If season 2 has ron perlman as an actor i think i can die happy
Game of Thrones s01 was unbelievably good. You are the reason why we getting trash, calling this unbelievably good is a joke, its ok at best and its easy to be ok when you surrounded by she hulks and similar trash.
A shame they decided to completely ruin F4 with the new update
Actman probably got paid to shill this show like all his other reviews
Great to see actman admitting he’s not a real fault fan and only played 4 and new Vegas lasts year
My favorite character was Norm; he is the only one who thinks that something is happening with the vaults.
As someone who doesnt like Fallout 3, 4, or 76, I love this show. I can easily recommend this to anybody I know who just likes good TV
in the beginning I watch it just for fun and I expect it should be mid tv series. But man, this series was so good
Didn't they...destroy the lore with this show? I mean, they kinda 100% destroyed the lore of every game before Fallout 3. Like it never existed..
so sad about fallout london delay launch.
The PILOT episode is good I guess.. like always. Rest will be crap, I am sure..
the sexual dialogue literally makes me flatline with cringe
The pre war scenes are brilliantly done and for someone who plays the games those scenes are the most fascinating of all.
Unbelievable how these idiots ruined this show already in first episode! This show had potentioal of multiple countless seasons, They could have followed game story and even make first 2 episodes as in game before bombs fell but no they jumped straight to season 2. YOU SUCK!!
Ngl I didn’t care to watch the fallout show because I haven’t liked one of their games since 2008 but I’ll check it out if it’s as good as you say 🤙🏼
Started playing 76 and love what it is now! You should do a redo review on 76 now!
You are a transformer muppet.
I have a coworker in his late 50s i recommend the show to. He ended up buying a ps4 on ebay so he could play the game.
News flash it was terrible, cope harder.
Well, if you ask Synthetic Man and others, its ass cancer not worth a watch.   But, i thoroughly enjoyed it. Absolutely loved it in fact.
Elitists on their way to dislike the video
I liked the show even tho it's woke... Too many tropes... A bit cringe... And obviously has something against New Vegas (typical Todd being jelly that Obsidian made a better Fallout game than Bethesda ever has).
lets just hope the esg cult doesnt jack it up.
if only they followed the source material for halo 🙄😮‍💨
Hopefully it doesnt get "inside job"ed
I think @theactman needs to play 76 in its current state.  It's definitely not the same as day one.
Ur a liar this show is absolute trash
​​Something they seemed to nail was decision making like you would in the game  When they stole the fusion core from vault 4 and Lucy decided to give it back I could just picture a little box popping up and asking if you'd like to "keep the fusion core" or "return the fusion core" Lucy choose the good option but then they equay showed the bad option by having the ghoul shoot that guys son one again I imagined a choice box "kill his son" or "spare his life"  It was really well done
i avoided the show and will not watch it.. wishing them all the best tho..  make the next game good and ill buy the one after that
I was afraid this was going to be a rings of power crap but I'm glad it is a good show.
Ernm actually Cooper is ex military then becomes a movie/show star then becomes a bounty huning cowboy
I have one conplaint only and thats the fact that this show is gonna have to canonize endings to fallout 3-4-NV and i kinda wish they just made the show there own canon. Bit thats coming from a guy who hasnt gotten to watching the show (i dont have amazon prime and even if i do watch it i want to watch it with my grandma as shed probably appreciate it more as she likes tv shows like this. And it be good family bonding time) and whos PFP Is a victini.
The only bad thing I can think of is how they did the power armor jetpack. It looks like a cheap Iron Man ripoff and they should have copied the one from Fallout 4
In the beginning of episode 2 when the professor is walking, right before you see the arm hanging off the stretcher you see one of the Enclave soldiers is holding a laser rifle
I can't even get the Paramount+ app on my tv to play Halo Season 2; it crashes every time I try to play it! It's the only show it happens on! The show is so bad the app and/or tv refuses to play it! I tried it 5 times in a row last night, AFTER watching all 6 episodes of Knuckles! 😂
Apparently her stats are  Strength 4 Perception 7 Endurance 6 Charisma 5 Intelligence 6 Agility 5 Luck 7
What's with that Cote
No its not
Always enjoy your content. Laughs & content 😌🙌
My mom has a penis
I must have missed something with everyone praising this thing - maybe I'll try again? I couldn't even get past the first episode. It did make me want to go play fallout NV again though so I'll give it that, lol
They killed off the NCR. It's not good.
Something I just wanted to point out is that right now in the lore is that as of the events of the show, the lone wanderer, the courier and sole survivor are probably both alive during this time meaning that as of the show the 3 of the most dangerous people to ever walk the wasteland are alive at the same time.
The show was truly incredibly! If this success keeps up, maybe we could even get an Elder Scrolls show; imagine that with this same level of quality.
I havent seen anyone bring this up but how about them using 'Lucy Mclain' name from Diehard.  I know its spelled differently but thought it was kinda weird.
Hearing Fallout was given justice, Im scared of Warhammer being butchered because of the GW issues and Amazon.
It succeeded because for once it was written and produced from the ground up FOR THE IP ITS USING. So many of Hollywood video game adaptations are just rejected script and franchise ideas that are slightly re-tooled and slapped with a coat of [Insert vidya game title here] paint and set out. Thus we get these disjointed cash grabs that have little or nothing in common with the games they claim to be based on. Fallout didn't take that route and truly set out to be a TV series in the universe of the Fallout games. Well-executed and beautifully done. One of my favorite series in recent memory.
i liked the show, its well made and entertaining, but the fallout nerd in me is a bit sad for how they needed to mess with the lore at large; its not only the shady shady sands/ncr thing, but prewar was taboo for fallout (i disliked it even in f4), it was something left to the player to imagine, its the remote past, its gone and we have only fading memories of it, they instead went all in with all this thing about vault tec wich i will not spoil but ffs, the war details were a mistery for a reason.
DEMOCRACY!!!
A very good detail that most other adaptations would have misused or dropped the ball on, when Lucy sees the mutations of the citizens in a the other Vault she visits and she’s rightfully weirded out like the audience would be, but Maximus wasn’t even phased. “Lots of people have one eye.”  It makes sense the more you think about it
A group of friends and I watched the full season together yesterday and we were blown away by how engaging the show was even for those who hadn't played any if the games, and just overall by what a great show it was. Now the eait begins for season 2, during I'll most definitely be starting a new FO4 playthrough.
I rarely watch TV anymore, but I binged watch this, this show was so damn good. Did a great job of character development and just enough world building to make it believable. Plot was done great and never felt like they were going down a check list to make sure everyone was represented. It was just a good story, told well.
Act man has lost all credibility with me at this point. This video should be titled the fallout show is incredibly woke, or incredibly bad.
Just an awful show.
I have to say I’m not seeing what others seem to be so far. I’m only on episode 4 so I’m sticking with it and giving it the benefit of the doubt, but so far I’ve found it quite underwhelming and it’s just not capturing me.  I find the story to be quite simplistic and cliche and it just has a feel of  programme that’s not really going anywhere.  I’ve always liked the games and had high hopes for this, so let’s hope it takes off and proves me wrong 👍
I wasnt at all interested in the fallout tv series until i watched this video. It was pretty good.
7:37 This makes me wanna see a Helldivers 2 movie 🥲. "This" as in the success of the Fallout show and the sudden reminder that Helldivers 2 is also a great setting 👀.
Wondering around the  winter wonderland makes me beg for the movave dessert
I never played any of the fallout games and im happy i didnt. I feel like overanalyzing content is the enertainment plague of the 21st century. I have the privelege of just enjoying the show for what it is. My favorite character is probaly the ghoul. I have so many questions.
Sorry. The show is crap.
least favorite part about the show is that doctor fucker not even getting nicked by that minigun turret.
possibly the best video game adaptation I've seen and that last shot had me firing up nv instantly
As someone who greatly cares about the lore....the show is still absolutely fantastic. Yea I got some nitpicks with the retcons and small screw ups; but, it's still so well done and feels like such a proper adaptation of the games to a t.v. series I cannot wait for season 2.
I'm a big Bethesda fan so I would be rioting if they horribly mangled Fallout like they did with Halo.  Lol Halo, I was a Battlefield fan so we used to laugh at Halo and CoD kiddies.  (now everyone is laughing at poor Battlefield fans)
Are you gonna make anymore more merch or is there some out there and im just dumb and cant find it
When I heard this show had been announced, I was initially excited before I remembered The Witcher, Halo, and other recent shows and movies that just sucked or were disappointing because the showrunners didn't care about the material or it's existing fans.  I remembered 76, too, which was the most liquid diarrhea I had ever seen.  I quickly became cynical when the trailer launched and we saw the Brotherhood of Steel being a powerful faction on the west coast with a bunch of things lifted straight from Fallout 4 (even though that was east coast).  I expected to be let down.  And to make things even worse, it was set to release the day before my birthday, which they obviously had no way of knowing, but it still felt like a personal "fuck you" from Todd Howard.  But I told my wife (a fellow nerd) that I'd watch the first episode to give it a chance.  So we had our Mr. Handy cut my cake in half and sat down to watch it on our Radiation King.  And I couldn't stop laughing.  That first episode drew me in.  So we watched the whole season.  And hot damn, I was disappointed.    That I wasn't disappointed.  We can't wait for season 2 to come out!  I just hope that they stick the landing and don't forget the valuable lessons they learned from this as well as the ones from failed game to show adaptations.
Sometimes a feller has to eat a feller
You should review the first Watch Dogs game
You wanna make my cock explode its the best line on the whole show hahah
"You're a robot who cannot feel emotions." I have Aspergers, does that count?
People saying it’s bad don’t know how to have fun
I shouted WTF many times, but not positively. Reaper says it best: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orslRo3PeRk
I got my criticisms by it was overall good entertainment.
I was terrified they were gonna mess this up.  The entire production staff of the Halo TV show should be required to take a 4 semester college course  taught by the Fallout team on how to write a video game adaptation to tv..
Anything goofy that happens, especially in relation to combat, is based on the characters luck skill. Its actually quite a nice touch and if you dont get it, you don't get Fallout.
Im not a fan of “wokeness” or leftist politics but I’m getting fed up of the term “woke”. It’s become a meaningless buzzword like Nazi/fascist. The show isn’t woke, Lucy isn’t a Mary Sue, there’s a Black guy in it? Oh no! There’s a mixed-race couple too? AHHH. That one actually could have been expanded upon, maybe show hostility towards Cooper and his family from their peers. But apparently there was no segregation in Fallout’s pre-war America. Surprising that current-day Amazon didn’t take it down that path, the 1950s retro-futuristic setting is right there!  But it is a terrible show both story-wise and lore-wise. By Bethesda Fallout standards it’s good, but that’s not saying much. It’s slop. The only “woke” thing in it is the stuff about communism, but it makes sense in the pre-and the historical context it comes from (McCarthyism, which was a good thing).  It’s not wokism, it’s Cultural Marxism.
God I wish I liked it, but the show OVERALL is just bad :/   (Bring the hate I guess)
EXTREME AUDIO WARNING FOR 07:34 ......... fuck sakes act man
You can see a laser rifle when Lucy looks at the guns in the store, as well as a plasma pistol
I hate fred armisen.........why do americans consider him funny?
God bless you dirty bastards in here in the new comments doing the lords work.
zan clan and act clan
UnBelieVeBaLy Goood 😂😂😂😂😂 are you tripping brother? The show is a shitfest full of bullshit and bad writing
a truly superb first season that i couldn't fault on any level. and the only real advantage to knowing the games (and i know FO3, Vegas and FO4 pretty much inside-out) was spotting the numerous Easter eggs scattered around the show. other than that, a non-player could work out very quickly pretty much what was going on  this is in absolute contrast to the ultra-patchy Witcher, where Season 1's time-sequencing alone made it an unholy mess to a non-player/reader like me  and sadly it never got any better, Season 3 being a true shocker, a great shame for the many people involved ;o(
Couldn’t have said it better myself
Hell divers cut in absolutely destroyed the ears
no it's not, shill more
I loved it
Why did they have to change ghouls to make it so they need a serum to survive though?
show is too good that surprised me, i didn't expect much from the show but it wowed me
Biggest thing for me, was I feel like Maximus' story was done dirty. Only complaint I really have.
You should react to SyntheticMan's review. He said the series is trash. Oh, he is also a racist btw, go clown him. He deserves it. Bad take rage baiter cringe review. I want to see you roast him like you roasted QuantumTv's review.
I think the reason why we don't see any energy weapons fired in the Fallout Show is because the special effects team didn't find the lazer blast that matches the game's version
My review of the show is: Chekhov's Gun masterclass  There are SO many tiny tidbits that end up paying off later. It's brilliant
Of course you liked that Shyte.   Just of course.
Annoying ass ear rape
The best line of the story will always be “thou shall get sidetracked by some bullshit every time”
That finally shot got me screaming 💀
Fallout 4 is such a awesome show and great video The Act Man :]
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Hasn't it been confirmed that the events of New Vegas are still canon?
When Lucy pulled the NCR flag and New Vegas' theme started 🤌🤌🤌🤌 I geeked out so bad haha
Could not have said it better as someone whose only not played tactics - want to but I’m working back through 1 again first.
Honestly, the first episode was so cringe i didnt think I would make it through...but ill buckle down and give it at least two more episodes.
lol, lmao even
Bro just do Cod 4 review already
Fav Character: The ghoul…his character arc is so good.  Fav scene: the end.  Really tied everything together in a nice bow.  I’m hoping this will lead to them making an Elder Scrolls series.
6:40 I know the moment and I literally did yell "what the fuck" at the top of my lung multiple times 😅
If the plot of the show didnt completely collapse at the end, it would be a great show.
As someone who frequently dives into Fallout Lore in my spare time, the Fallout TV series is so unbelievably good that I could easily forgive the show's retcons as they happen on screen.
Only thing that kinda bugs me is all the prewar segments don’t really feel like fallouts world it just looks more like the 1950s than it dose 2077 like even the cars are just typical cars from the 50s and 60s rather than the more retro futuristic cars the games have
My only small small complaint with the show... It was the episode where she first leaves the vault. It was the most underwhelming vault opening I've ever seen or heard. Was a little dissapointed after most of the games made a big fan fair of the vaults opening after 200+ years. Barely any klaxons or emergency lights and that iconic sound of the metal door squealing  as its pulled out of its slot is just not there at all?
Bro should make a Fallout Hot takes video. 🔥
I wonder how Master missed Vault 33 since its not hidden and in LA...
My Fallout journey began when Fallout 4 dropped years ago. I've been playing ever since. As a semi-noob to Fallout, I loved the show! This was a great breakdown.
I have played the oldest and the latest single player only fallout(1 and 4) so far and I enjoyed every inch of them onstead of before after I finished skyrim maybe because I haven’t moved on yet back then
As an old time gamer (1989-2001 gaming on someone else's machine, 2001 nowadays on my own) , who played basically every major title there ever was, I totally ignored this one, as it portrays a fictional time-line, and a future based on things never happened. I just finished the whole TV series in 3 days. Boy am I interested now 🤣 (still ain't gonna play, but follow the show closely not to spoil everything)
The fact that the show is so good and theres still so many youtubers and their worshippers who are bashing it for being "WoKe GaRbAgE" is just showing that they really do just hate anything with women and black people in it.
They were energy weapons, but they were never fired
The fallout TV shows is overrated. So many people are entertained by utter crap and it’s sad
Pretty sure the "sound effect for radiation" is just the noise a Geiger counter makes but i could be wrong, never actually heard one
Are we going to ignore the massive plot (more like lore) holes, the inconsistent actions/motivations of vault-tek?
they paid you shill why would u even think ur valued
lol, lmao even
After careful consideration and letting the pink glasses phase wear off, I have come to the conclusion that it's still great and I'm looking forward to more
6:24 when i heard her ask what you spermcount i was locked in
0:47 so true time to put in another 100hrs in fallout shelter
i know you probably wont but could you rate far cry 5 one day?
Having watched the show, no. No it's really average at best. What is unbelievable is how much people talked this up. At best it's average. At worst it's meandering, tone deaf, insultingly shallow, predictable and burdened by the kind of humor we were oh so sick of a dozen Marvel movies back. But slap a new-ish coat of paint on and suddenly it's so amazing, huh? Made *worse* by the fact that it's just the story beats of Fallout 3 and 4 but played out in a worse way. We don't get the benefit of new perspectives of any kind on any of the Wastland's factions. There are Bethesda's pets the Brotherhood, and... no one else. Just generic Wastelanders who are all Borderlands level incompetent and LOL ZANY! Including the Brotherhood. No stakes, no weight, characters exist to be funny (stupid), or dead (and usually stupid). And don't even get me started on the fucking music. It puts a twitch in my jaw. There's a reason I never use the radio in the games. I wanna hear whats going on. Not the same four fuckin' "Golden Oldies" songs on a damn loop over literally everything. Fuck this show with a spork.  Addedum to add the third kind of character: Evil (with a heaping helping of stupid). "We're the Enclave! We're not the last broken, desperate remnant of a crumbling government locked in a war. We just wanna incinerate puppies! How else does the audience know we're Evil?!" Fuck off... "We're Vault-Tec! We're not a relic of a previous age that exists only as a faint memory vaguely alluded to once in a while. We need a flashback of us saying 'We'll just drop the bombs ourselves!' (Which didn't happen by the way. Until Emil...) Because how else is the audience supposed to know we're Evil?!"  I got to know, do you people *want* these writers to keep getting paid to actively insult our intelligence?
Crawl out to the fallout baby,  I wanted to play fallout 4 but the next Gen patch broke f4se, sad panda
no.
i had my hairs on end when i saw that 2 headed bear also is that the same outfit from the NV video 3 years ago damn that still looks hella clean
I played fallout 4 for an hour and quickly getting bored before but I now understand the fallout vibes and tries to give it a chance again😅
Nice suit haha nah don’t wear that outside bud .
Non woke, just good entertainment
Wait what? How does anyone like the show it’s so ass? I thought this was clickbate
6:45 there were several moments in the show where I went oh! OK! we’re doing this now. 😂 shit was hilarious
There was, in fact, a laser weapon in the show. It just never gets used on screen
You made a joke so funny I went to subscribe you for it, and I don’t subscribe to people often so I was thinking of how funny it was that your joke was just that good, and then I realized I’m already subscribed to you I guess 😂😂 you must make good jokes I suppose
Great show but Max is the worst character ever.
I watched the show off magic mushrooms and it was the greatest experience ever beginning to end it was life changing fr
The one thing I really don't like about the show is how they did the brotherhood. I feel lik there has always been more respect between brotherhood members than in the show
When the legion break through our defenses, I've got one bullet I'm saving just for me
I don't agree it is that good for a simple reason: it shits all over Fallout 1/New Vegas lore. If Todd said "this isn't cannon, it's a reinterpretation of the storyline/universe" (universe because some things also don't make sense, like how ghouls need radioactive liquid to keep them from going feral, for example) then I'd be fine with it and agree it's a decent show.
is he glazing
Can I just say this is not only a great video game show but a great show in general. I recommended this show to my parents who have only heard of the games through my siblings and I and they loved the show and the characters. They understood the story clear as day and wanted more. That is a show done right.
At first, I was disappointed that we didn't get to see super mutants, deathclaws or loads of other monsters or things from the games, but now I actually think that the writers showed tremendous restraint by doing that. Throwing every monster and thing from the game into the show just because they were in the game is just fan service and lazy writing.
Act Man you fucking rock bro
Unbelievably good? Lmao okies
Seems like Todd Howard is doing something right.
Just so everyone knows, the lore does stay intact. So everything matches up well, while still being enjoyable.
@TheActMan: WTF hapened to you!? You used to be soooo efgy! Like, your take on new vegas; One of the best YTeps i ever watched! NO sellin out, NO panderin, NO nothin... And NOW look at you! A SHELL of your former self, in it to win it,and all the overlords you USED to blast are suddenly ALL RIGHT!? The F happened!?
Hot take. I don’t like the ghoul, backstory is really cool but, he’s just “wow guys look, he’s so bad ass guys woah!”. The squire guy was the best character.
Yes it is a great show, however some cgi is atrocious
Just sayin; Your "It has increased interest in the other falloutgames" would have worked better, if not EVERY SINGLE graph was showing a recent DECLINE! Like; I get it; The show started a hype... But then the people bought and played the game, and ir was downsream from there... 76 and 4: SLIGHT uptic; New vegas: LOWER than it was BEFORE she spike... Basicly; to quote vampire TM: "A for idea, F for execution"
3:19 Welp tbf if you have a high speech level you can bullshit your way through danger quite a lot in the games
my biggest issue is them destroying the NCR
I expected Fallout to be such garbage, but this might be the best game adaptation of all time.
Well... its nice to see what happens when they actually try to follow the lore and respect the ip. Sadly, they almost never do that like with wheel of time, withcher and now 40k (they destroyed 40k before the show is even out)... and soo many more like ip like Halo, SW and so on... stop pushing ideologi into your prodjects, start to try and understand the lore and respect it - and you will get many more hits like Fallout...
I will say I think that the guns and power armor look a little too fake to me.
7:37 EAT LIBERTY
nah bethesda actauli killing old loore sad day ...
I laughed so hard at the part where Lucy said she wanted to get it on😂
10:05 this is one of the main reasons I love this show, they really let you try and figure it out yourself
the next game is already being set up, the ultimate underlying goal for the show has to be building lore, i mean it takes place in the future so ive gotta assume the next game is in some way being laid out
They tried to make Maldava complicated and good but in the end its kinda stupid. Many people slaughtered and why do this friendship with rose thing and then she tried to kill roses daughter lol luck saved her from the raider twice almost killing her. There was obviously no thought to keeping her safe.  Otherwise nice finale. I do question her leaving the cold fusion device when the brotherhood was obviously going to get control of it
common act ma'am L
unbelievably good is a bit far it's still fine though
I cannot believe how they managed to do this amazing show. At best I thought it was going to be cheap. But the story WOW. Full blown nuclear winter.
Re release 3 and new vegas on switch and ps5
I liked the show, I just wish the writers didn't feel the need to lazily write out the NCR, and contradict lore established in Fallout 1 and 2. And their explanation for writing out the NCR was... strange, to say the least... Something about the world never staying the same, so they nuked perhaps the most successful post Great War society into basic nonexistence to perpetuate the desolate, ruined wasteland? Okay...? Gotta be honest, it really did seem like a massive "f*** you" to New Vegas fans from Todd and the boys, at first. But like I said, I did like the show. It's bringing more fans into Fallout, and more people are giving even the old games a try because of the show. So that's cool.  Edit: and as an avid New Vegas fan, I am looking forward to another season of the show. I think of three shows based on video games that I have seen (The Witcher, Halo, and Fallout), Fallout should be the benchmark. And as an avid Halo fan, seeing a good Fallout show compared to a cheap knockoff with Halo costumes masquerading as Halo really rustles my jimmies.  Edit 2: Also! I do Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, so to see Lucy do an armbar in her introduction was cool. Points for BJJ lmao
i loved it
Hey Act Man - CG is Green Screen. Surely you meant to say "practical effects"?
Besides from being a huge from of the video games, the biggest joy I have is hearing all the vintage classic American songbook tracks of the 1930s, 40s, 50s and 60s to going along with whatever the vibe is onscreen. I love this era of old easy listening American music. And Walton Goggins is perfect casting. Don't remind me of the God awful Halo tv show...please no.
1:58 lmao
It just hit me that Lucy says,"okely dokely" at one point.
The show is good and you can tell there was love for the games put in there, but there are some parts that are pretty bad. Some of the writing can be very cringe and honestly the last two episodes were really bad like garbage ass tv but the first 6 episodes were great
you are making me want to load fallout again... AAAARRRRGGHHHHHH!!!
Enough to keep out the Rads and The Reds
Hopefully this reminds Bethesda whats good about Fallout instead of the fiasco that 76 was (although after a few years they kind of made it better, but too late for me to bother)
Review rdr2
I don't think they changed enough of the lore for it to really matter yet. They haven't really expanded enough on those changes to know anything substantial at this point either.
The Witcher is not based on video games.
How Fall out show turned out is how The Witcher should of also turned out.
I'm actually putting a spoiler alert here because you really should go watch the show its that damn good and its also at the same time a message to woke hollyweird to stop their stupid bullshit with THE MESSAGE destroying ips and making the fans the enemy. So go support the creators by watching the show. If I knew it was going to be this good I would have bought an amazon subscription to actually support them, i will do this for season two. It was also not girl boss straight from the start there was real character development and i actually rooted for luci, see fans can like female leads if its actually about the story and not the message but i have to say the funniest damn scene that allot of people don't talk about is when they were in vault 4 and they just let them go but then maximus saw the dwellers take lucy and comes in berzerk wrecking everyone. i have not laughed that damn hard in awhile! i have not seen a tv show this good in years. 10/10
I'm actually putting a spoiler alert here because you really should go watch the show its that damn good and its also at the same time a message to woke hollyweird to stop their stupid bullshit with THE MESSAGE destroying ips and making the fans the enemy. So go support the creators by watching the show. If I knew it was going to be this good I would have bought an amazon subscription to actually support them, i will do this for season two. It was also not girl boss straight from the start there was real character development and i actually rooted for luci, see fans can like female leads if its actually about the story and not the message but i have to say the funniest damn scene that allot of people don't talk about is when they were in vault 4 and they just let them go but then maximus saw the dwellers take lucy and comes in berzerk wrecking everyone. i have not laughed that damn hard in awhile! i have not seen a tv show this good in years. 10/10
My favorite easter egg that the code for the fusion is 101097, which is the datum when the firt game was released.
You should do a fallout 4 review pls after rdr2 if your up for it 🙇‍♂️🙇‍♂️🙇‍♂️
Showed it to my mom for the first time and she loved it, she's actually considering checking out the games too and shes not even a gamer  (i hate using the word gamer unironically)
I like the show but that first yao guai looks trash af
Loved the show, but my two biggest gripes are 1. Who dropped the bombs in the show, that was a rough retcon, and the logic isn't solid enough yet. 2. That one CGI revelation in the last episode, the de-aging one. Other than that, fantastic series, can't wait for season 2.
I didnt have high hopes but after finishing the show I literally lost my mind! Peak Television
This show did the one thing the majority of game adaptations have screwed up. Just take the wealth of effort the creators put into making the game, and translate that to screen. Don't make new stuff up. Don't add lore. Don't add love stories where they don't belong. Just, take what exists, and allow the fans to immerse themselves in it. And if you do it right, no fans will also get into it as well. It's not hard. I fact, it's arguably easier, because there's less creative work that needs to go into creating things. Jesus fkn christ Hollywood, learn from this.
Ok, the Helldivers bit when he said "Democracy" got me 😂
"the tv series remind people what they like about fallout"  Thats exactly how media in pocket universes should work
Can't verify to the discord, idk why the number is verified but the password isn't and it's the same everytime, not like I'm putting it in wrong when I copy and paste, sorry act bro
I feel bad for the dumb fans that won't let them enjoy the show bc they don't like Bethesda. I do t like Bethesda, fallout nv all the way. But man this was .the best thing Bethesda has done in 20 years (yes I think all three games including Skyrim are bad)
'thou shalt get sidetracked by bullshit every goddamn time'
This show is what the Borderlands live-action adaptation SHOULD'VE been, instead of what we're getting with that...
*I really like Chet & Norm. I would like to see Woody become an overseer. I hope the creators see this.*   Not that I expect my Comment to be seen.  Oh and I always play the nice guy so of course I root for them. Lol Chet is such a cuck though 😂
Sure Hack Ma'am.....
At 6:14  the music playing was actually minuteman radio from fallout four that played in the castle. Everybody complained about the stupid music and that’s why we have that scene.
I’m I’m I’m
Im a bit surprised it wasnt a mixed reception for you. They made the west coast brotherhood OP and the enclave who were like five old dudes somehow make a big revival offscrean. They shit on the older fallouts big time, the NCR is basically raiders now, for some reason moldaver needs the codes from hank but wont threaten lucy to get the codes from him after killing people while eating cake. Then it turns out MR House Knew when the bombs would fall, was in on it, just forgot to check his calendar. No more calculating genius, hes just an idiot. They establish ghouls need food and water but hes in a coffin for years and hes fine. The ghoul cant hurt maximus but in the finale it turns out he can oneshot all the power armor guys necause of a "weekspot in the weld" when its CLEARLY casted metal without welds... convenient for maximus he only remembered in time for the finale.   Oh dont get me wrong, there were moments i liked, i laughed at, but it was bad overall. The action sequences where they throw maximus into the power armor... Stupid, the scene where the doc is running away at a snail pace from the turret for 20 seconds not getting hit, very bad action staging. Show made me cringe alot. Confirming vault tech is responsible shits on the whole premise of fallout overall "war never changes" it aint about which side was right or wrong or who fired first. But yeah, lets nuke the world to increase profit margins, the DEI ESG check boxes were cringe. I get it, capitalism bad. "Vaults are bad rich people!" Wtf was that lady in philly going on about? She says that like shes familiar with vault types, but the truth is it takes place after FNV and pretty much 95% the vaults suffered horrible fates and experimentation, very few were for rich people. But we gotta frame it in that class warfare socialist format for them ESG DEI points.
i have only one nitpick with the show, its when the ghoul is struggling against max in power armor but then later in the show we can see him kill 3 dudes in power armor is there a reason for it or just plot convenience?
this show really makes you go "what in the goofy goober did i just watch" in a good way
I love how since I live in California I am in fallout 🗿 also where I live in cali looks like new Vegas💀
I'm so glad they aren't trying to fit everything in one season.
I am looking forward to finding out how moldaver is in the future and how she broke into vault 32
I honestly loved this show. Thriller mixed with comedic relief mixed with horror mixed with psychological thriller. Its great. And I honestly would've loved this show even if I didn't play the games!
A lot of people in the community hating the show gotta learn gratitude because this easily could have become HALO 2.0 and the fact it’s far from that is a HUGE WIN. Sure show ain’t perfect but damn it ain’t utterly destroying something as iconic as master chief
7:30 I was guilty of this same thought when I first watched this scene 💀😂
I’m so happy that they pulled this off. It’s not perfect, but there’s so much to enjoy that I don’t even care about its imperfections.
Today found your channel
9/10 it had the right vibe and right amount of fan service while not breaking lore in big way. It's just very good.
Very glad the Fallout Director and Writers did a really great job to the series 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
I liked the show but I will forever hate the Maximus character.  He didn't deserve shit and yet he gets promoted, cheared at and is even the big hero at the end without doing shit. Hate him so much.   Oh and good video Mr. Act Man.
The fact bro kept the checkered jacket from the new Vegas review made me feel nostalgic 💀
Why is marathon so awesome when john act man?
Can confirm "WTF" came out alot. Not intimate with the story as I didnt make it past my Dominos demo running into something scary in a subway. I found the armor but didnt understand it needed power. Got scared and put the game down.
I think it was very mid. Video game shows set the bar so low that people are just being super forgiving to it.
I liked how I could figure out what the characters stats were. You hit on it a little bit with Norm with his increased intelligence.
Oh ya, not Woke at all.... skeeezebag
I trust that the lore will be handled well. I know that a lot of my "we only play 1,2,tactics, and new vegas" friends generally dislike this show. I think season two will need to figure out how to rectify the issues they have. which are mainly assumptions based on what we've already seen. So its mostly fixable. They represent a small chunk of the fallout community, but they are a cornerstone of sorts. They are usually the type of people to get their friends  into fallout in the first place.
If I am not mistaken you're wearing Benny's jacket. But I hate that guy.
I was pleasantly surprised by this show. I had avoided it because of how much I love the games, but last weekend I watched the first two episodes and was blown away at how good it was. It's a ton of fun and the production quality is off the charts! Well done!
I love how he plays red dead redemption 2 soundtrack from the mission with Lenny
so you are an amazon shill  gotcha
I don't think anyone uses energy weapons, but I caught a glimpse or two of laser weapons in the Brotherhood scenes
I probably won't get a chance to watch the show so seeing spoilers are fine by me
It's fun, and I like a lot of the characters, but there are some major plot holes and bad story decisions.
Let me just remind you all that this soundtrack was done by the same dude that made GAME OF THRONES.... and it shows, its great
Moldaver had a laser pistol but never fired it
(spoliers for episode 8)    when i saw the death claw skull and new vegas, i have never squealed and jumping like a little girl in my life.
Am I out of touch or is the mass consensus right that the fallout show is actually the best show & not a shallow cringefest devoid of logical writing and acting?
It was good surface level entertainment. Dig a little deeper and things become more and more illogical, but it was decent
it's ok
I don’t see enough people talking about that annoying ass sound that plays when The Goul comes on screen.
somehow new vegas fanboys really hate the show like wtf
"What the fudge" thats the only line of dialogue I thought was cringe.
Oh, My, GOD. I had to spell it out because you used "Out of Pocket" soooo fffiinnng wrong. Out of pocket means that you were force to pay for something out of you own pocket, you had to pull your wallet out of your back pocket and had to pay with cash out of your wallet instead of the person or company that should have paid for it.
It seems very intentional for Bethesda to bury the Obsidian Entertainment Studios' legacy in the Fallout universe. Why would they destroy New Vegas otherwise.
When are we getting a Skyrim review 🙂
“I’m sorry… it’s just…. He was FUCKING my chickens”
Unbelievably good is an overstatement  It was ok maybe even good but not Unbelievably good
*Bro is dressed as Benny doing this video 😂🎉*
I haven't been so surprised how **FUCKING PERFECT** this show is like the game. No contrite bullshit, no girl boss, no woke shit. Exactly how the the game is and how reality really is. Brutal. I love Lucy lol
I absolutely love hearing Act Man talk about Fallout, idk why but I'd watch literally any Fallout-related video from him
Fallout is brilliant with great writing and acting, and Halo is just boring and poorly made, with poorly written characters. I really enjoyed Fallout. I never played or knew much of the source material, but I can see the appeal now, of the game.
The Fallout show makes me hate the "Halo" show so much more.
Cringe.
Unironically how did anyone watch this and think it was good? The writing, acting, and casting was terrible, and they completely broke and/or retconned the lore which is now canon. How can anybody defend this absolute massacre of the franchise?
Ron Perlman wasn't in Fallout 4, the intro narration is done by the male protagonist VA.
You can tell that this was made by someone who loves fallout.
Don't forget about the assassins creed movie !
By biggest gripe is that damn yodeling for the ghoul...please stop that
This is by far the best game adaptation. Amazon almost redeemed themselves
imagine if they made another fallout instead of star field..............................
I don't consider it cannon still I give it a 6/10  The Halo adaptation is a 3/10 I like the costumes only...
The ghoul has VATS
I’ve currently started one of two new runs on New Vegas to get all steam achievements a bit before the show’s release and reception and all I can say is that I could have not picked a better time to do so. Seeing all the content and revival of media of Fallout online is awesome.        Also, Act Man, The Payday 2 Review, *Go get it.*
a positive video yeeeyyy!!! youtubers ofter understimate the value of positive videos about good stuff. it pays off in the long run
Hey act man wanna see my braiiiiinnnn 🧠
Lol, always knew this guy was a moron
After watching this I want a bioshock tv series now
Ella Purnell is a smokeshow
The Series accomplished two things in my eyes and that is 1 me wanting to play fallout and get into the series and 2 makes me want them to make a game adaption of the TV show.
I loved the Ghoul, honestly the best part of the show. His massacre in Filly was great but my favourite part was that since he's so old he has unique insight literally no other character in the games, maybe bar the protagonist in 4, could have. He hates Vault-Tec because they screwed him and warped his wife's mind BEFORE the war, and because he was one of the first people to pilot Power Armour, he remembered weaknesses in the armour that never got fixed. As long as we get more of Coop and Dogmeat next season I will be happy.
The show rocks
Love this show. It's right up there with the last of us remake. I have never played fallout before and thought it sounded kind of dumb on paper. But boy was I wrong!  I purchased fallout 4 the other night and will be waiting for Friday for the new remastered PS5 release. In the meantime I'm heavy into the Lore of the fallout world. Watching everything and anything I can about it's world.
We goin' to Vegas, baby.
ill stick with star citizen if you dont mind.
Bro the last of us was hot garbage.
Is it “adaptions” or “adaptations”…?
I loved woody Thomas soo much!!
beautifully well said I agree with everything you said
It’s surprisingly watchable for an Amazon Prime show. Compared to Halo it’s practically high art.
favorite character really has been The Ghoul. I'm hoping that there is even more characters to follow in the next season. especially hoping to see Super Mutants make an appearance.
Shit, turns out i'm a robot without emotion. Show was excellent though
Yeah..after this give all video game adapations to Amazon Tv...RIP  JOHN HALO SHOW
This show was so amazing and so powerful.
Why is the Brotherhood of Steel a group of quasi-catholics and bumbling incompetents? Why do they refer to Knights as 'my Lord'? Why did nuking 1 single city reduce the entire NCR (once in controll of all of cali) to a scrappy group of survivors in a small outpost?   The show isn't canon unless the games no longer are.
Very much liked the show and I was entertained. so its a W in my book.  Only overall a little less plotarmor and VERY lucky things happen when they need to + maybe a little bit more seriousness would have made it perfectly timeless for me.
No love for Fallout 3? Everyone is always simping for NV
I’m scared to watch it because it looks way too much like Fallout 4! I want Dark, Bleak, Grimey, Violent, and  Atmospheric Fallout! Like the First game! They should’ve based this off of the first game!
the show is so ass what?
5:50 This made me laugh because they DID do this in the show! It just worked and didn't feel tired, though.
This show was phenomenal. I had to force myself to NOT binge it (didn't work) which doesn't really happen
I am so utterly blown away that people actually think this show is good. It has so many writing issues. The more I watch it the worse it gets.
You the best act man thank you for years of amazing content. Also show speed diabolical was hilarious untill he started hitting home. I hope to see your videos for years to come. 🤟. P.S New Vegas was the best fallout.
Everyone told me I’d like it but they don’t know who the BoS are and they think wastelanders don’t know how reproduction works. It’s just way too weird and the writing sucks for people that have a decent memory and attention to detail
Fallout was straight incredible, and I didn’t expect that at all. It did everything right that Witcher didn’t: respected the source material, didn’t push random political plot points that made no sense not the world, respected the appearance of characters that were established. They also didn’t call fans stupid and racist if they criticized the show, unlike the Witcher.
the people who got turned off by the "Vault Tec dropped the bomb" are not real Fallout fan, their opinions should not get be respected
I am so excited for season 2. We have not even seen super mutants yet, they have so much more that they could do with this show.
the swearing is a bit too much
No it's not! It's pure garbage
Caesar’s legion are my ops
Dogmeat. Dogmeat never changes.  He lives forever.
My only complaint is that Maximus is a complete idiot when it came to the situation with Titus. Like he legitimately probably would've been way better off just telling the "truth" that Titus died to a Yao Guai. Although I do kinda understand it's a spur of the moment type thing.  Also I want super mutants! which will probably happen in season 2
Helldivers watching this show: did someone say democracy!?
But it isnt. They did a good job on the settings and the backround look of buildings , cars and all of that. But I do not understand how people can say THIS is good writing for a story. I legit feel like im in a psyop , cause nobody seems to be hating on this show.
i think moldaver had a laser pistol in the last ep but she's not shown using it
I enjoyed it, the only negative was that shitty de-aging CGI on Hank
I seen plenty of the energy pistols but I dont think a single one fired on screen lmao
I saw Moldaver holding a laser gun (in the last episode) but I didn't see her use it.
so is it good or is it "starfield" good?
talking about out of pocket the 'he was fucking my chickens for science'' was amazing
paid review is paid
The show is as buggy as the Bethesda games, so I guess they nailed it if that's what they were going for...
The pilot episode was good.  It fell away rapidly after that.  It was just dull
I personally think the ghoul uses vats in Philly, he has high agility.
Its very good because Todd and the others know the toxicity and wrath of the Fallout fanbase. They would literally go to Bethesda studios and go full Caesars legion on them.
Its gotten bad, i cant hear or see the word Democracy with Cup of Liber-tea earraping me. Im going insane. 😂
I'm not even going to lie I had never played fallout prior to watching the show and now I'm hooked on my first new Vegas playthrough
I love this show so much
It was mediocre at best. And I hate all the retcons they've pulled.
I really hope we will get to see more mutated animals like deathclaws, mirelurk (queen would be awesome) and hopefully also super mutants
The Witcher is a book adaptation, not a video game adaptation. *Pushes glasses up* You're welcome.
Theres definitely a lot wrong with it. However that still doesn't take aeay the nice feeling of seeing the universe in a real setting, not COMPLETELY horrendous of a show and is actually a good pass time show to watch, and its literally MORE FALLOUT like who doesn't fucking love that
The real issue is that with them destroying the NCR out of the gate and now showing us that they're going to destroy New Vegas too, I mean, err, they are going to tell US who the courier sided with. Clearly not going to be the NRC (most popular choice btw) or Legion. It's don't going to be Wild Card because it's just not gonna be. So it's going to the Robert House (the most unpopular choice) So that's gonna suck. I kinda wish Bethesda just stand over east coast. They could do whatever they want without trying to tell me what the west coast is doing after NV, because what they are showing me sucks.
7:35 has to be the best ad ive seen jn in a while
14:16 Cannot sit down in power armor, 0/10 I hate it.
Best serie from a long time ago if not the best serie of all time! Cant wait for season 2!
It's like whenever someone who isn't Bethesda touches Fallout it absolutely smashes
100% agree- I’m not a “gamer” but fallout has always been my all time favorite game franchise - I love how They chose fallout 4 to pattern the show after because it’s the best.. and I’ve been out with friends and didn’t even think to bring it up and they did “oh hey have you been watching Fallout on Amazon- it’s awesome!” Then I ask “yeah! Did you play the game too?” And no they never have but they still love the show - that’s a real adaptation, clap clap clap!! Real character arches and development and zero BA holloywood tired trope agenda pushing!!!
Spoken like a true npc. Just consume product and get excited for next product.
I'm glad that the games are getting much deserved attention, but are we really gonna pretend the show isn't retarded asf?
Where is our red dead videos?
This show was boring and lame as it gets
Am i the only one worried about how this means new vegas might receive a canon ending (i mean its not a big deal but at the same time I kinda liked the ending being up to the player), also im not really happy with mr Todd getting his grubby mits on the west coast (I will admit though the show producers have done really well), but thats just my 2 cents (as a side note i cant help but wonder how this show could get ruined)
Am I living in a parody or something?
How much is Amazon paying you?
I thought I would hate this. I'm really snobby about TV and even more so about video game adaptations.  This is top notch television
Why did you edge us so hard with the Ron Perlman quote and then cut it off like that! The Audacity! 😂
There was so much in this show, I know it's selfish but I wish you would've gone even more in depth with the episodes and the story in general
All the main characters reminds me of how I played the games
Played FO4. Not a super fan but I really really liked this show.
I love that they probably glaced at Fallout a couple times and said "F* it, let's make a show" and get a lot wrong.   I couldn't be paid enough to shill for this garbage.  This is worse than Borderlands.
Exploring Mementos almost makes me wish for The Act Man to make a “Why Was Persona 5 SO AWESOME?” Video.
this is one of those series that you binge, and then once its over. you cant believe it happened so fast even though it was 8+ hours!
This series was so fucking good
there were only 2 moments early on in the show where they do exposition dumps that feel forced. for a show based on a video game, thats pretty good. couldve been way worse
@TheActMan I'm a big fan thanks for all the great content. Don't know if you've heard of Synthetic Man and his horrible take on the show but it would please me and most if not all Fallout fans to destroy his take on a review for how ridiculous his stance on it is. I feel it would be another Quantum TV situation where you just ruin him 😂
This show really was mid at best
the retcon has already been debunked by the devs
the show is slop, it's only praised because it's the new trend and it's not as awful as many of the other shows.
So happy with how it was done ! It’s really f*cking good 😮  A lot of lore and shows the games off really well for what they are
Holy shit you are such a sellout it’s insane
My biggest issue with the show is how they completely sweep the ncr under the rug. There is zero way that the ncr gets destroyed from ONE city being eradicated. Completely bullshit.  Other than that the show has been really good. Feels like fallout.
Codsworth voice actor was my favorite part I can’t lie
>Guy who enjoys CoDslop enjoys slop Color me surprised...
Considering how screwed New Vegas made the NCR, I really do not mind their state as of now. They were on a timer as is. That said, I'm sure they're still prospering more than the show lets off. At least, they should be. Just a wee bit divided is all. Hence why we see leaders like Moldaver or that self elected president.  And Considering that Vault Tec were working alongside the quasi-state government that later became the Enclave. I really don't mind the idea that they had a role in it or perhaps invested in it. The very fact their vaults are purposefully built with human testing in mind should immediately tell you that they have a rather strange stance on the war. They've invested in it for whatever reason and I'm genuinely confused why some viewers are so surprised Pikachu face about it.  Tim Cain himself said the original plan was to have the Enclave leave to colonize in space. Combine that with the living in confined space tests and it makes sense. In addition, when we add the bonus of his original comments of China firing first as a result of that same quasi-states refusal to stop bio testing on PoWs then it does all add up further. It all falls back onto the enclave (which also means vault-tec) regardless of the shows plot piece.    My only actual points of critic are some visuals. The power armor, whilst very respectable for being practical can look a little silly at times... gods the thrusters are weird. Please dear lord just use the jetpack design from 4.  The other is to literally just to make Vegas look larger. That's it. I dont care for the state of it- just make it bigger. I wanna see the gang's casinos on the strip, freeside, westside, camp mccarren, the gunrunners, the caravans- or what's left of all those things if it history wasn't so kind, ya know? I don't care for continuity neither. If it looks small in season 1 and suddenly grows twice the size by season 2 then I wont say a word!
Act man should make a video either about or highlighting Stop Killing Games! We need more eyes on this. We have to find every last person that bought the Crew and get these people on the Stop Killing Games website.
It is one of the best shows ever
Just heartbroken that Mathew Perry passed away. You just know he would've loved this. Hell, imagine him having a roll in the show as a reference.
What I like about that show is that it FEEL like a Fallout Game/Dialouge and that characters have or have not skills. Like the cult scene it was like yeah Lucy will be executed BUT she skilled communication thats why she had different dialogue options. I love in this series that you can see that things as a fallout gamer.
I've started to replay the F4 and now I trully understand the reference of the guy with clasic music station and traps. Icking hate the minuteman station, though I appreaciate what they are doing and support them all the way long!
Lucy is a good example of a female protagonist done right: she is very competent, much more so than a lot of the other characters, because it shows she’s spent her life TRAINING in the vault with combat and acrobatics, has sex appeal but isn’t objectified- it’s from her own desires, she adapts to situations in a reasonable way instead of being a God-like character, questions the reality of the world and forms her own worldview, and she doesn’t do the whole “men are dumb and incompetent“ thing. Even when she has to do some questionable stuff she tries not to compromise on her principles. She still has her hopeful and innocent personality but it changes in its own way over the course of the show. This is a feminist protagonist that was done RIGHT. She didn’t need anyone specifically to help her in situations, and didn’t need anyone to hold her hand. But she wasn’t a Mary-Sue either. I hope future writers will take notes from this series.
This was great video as always act man, kinda honestly want dunkey to make a video about it
Do you guys think Cukman will bend over over the GW going woke ?
better than pyrocynicals review
I think my only two gripes were the feral ghouls. And how what chicken fucker gave Thaddeus WASNT hydra instead just turned him into a ghoul
I have been unable to watch your content sense the starfield “event” and I’m not about to start now
i watched the whole season with my dad.  as a fan of fallout, i loved the show as someone that never played a video game before, my dad loved the show.  and we discussed a lot about the lore and the fallout universe after. that is what i call a good show
Goldeneye theme playing softly in the background?
I know everyone loves the Ghoul, and yeah he was cool asf, but my favorite part was Lucy and Maximus and their cute little romance.  Kinda took me by surprise
I was not ready for 7:35 😅
I have some major issues with it, but I'll get crucified if I talk about it. So I'm glad you all like it.
I used to love female protagonists but nowadays when I see one I immediately pass on it but if the act man says it’s good then I’ll watch it
This man needs to do a video on why Bloodborne is so awesome
for energy wep - in conclave base i saw some Laser rifles during one of sccenes And im preety sure that main " vilan" had plasma pistol
First time ive seen a Doll kill someone by being shot out of a home crafted cannon...That made me laugh and want to play Fallout 3 again...😂
Show is awesome! I have been really enjoying it.
Maximus and the trans “brother” was pretty cringe
I'd love for you to do a video on fallout 76 since the game is blowing up again now and apparently its in a way better state now
Same ppl for same reasons called fallout 4 good game
Nah man its terrible.
I was completely angry when I saw episode 5. Why did the screenwriter arrange a heroine who is so ugly and has low intelligence? She is so stupid that it makes people angry.
Ack Ma'am with his big nose, really shilling shit.
Stop shilling, the show sucked.
Nah, the shows garbage with brain dead writing with zero respect for continuity or the best fallout game. In the show they made mr house such a brain dead retard, mr house shot the nukes up the air to save the city he loved and gave all his wealth to create some semblance of civilization in a nuclear apocalypse but in the show he says there is earning potential in the end of world? What? The show retcons a lot of shit to make the brown communists as good guys while the white capitalists as one dimensional bad guys. Come on man. If you like the show thats fine but in my opinion the shows garbage filled with modern contemporary poltical propaganda to the brim.
The act shill strikes again
If you are interested in replaying the Fallout games I would strongly recommend looking up A Tale of Two Wastelands - it's a mod that combines Fallout 3 and New Vegas into a single game. You can travel between the two zones on a single character and play all the content of both of them whenever you want. Essentialy it ports all of Fallout 3 into New Vegas (I think you need to own both F3 and NV on the same platform for it to work but they are so cheap it barely matters nowadays) and introduces some new elements as well. Playing it is an actual blast.  A nuclear blast.
Fallout is about wtf, Wtf, WTf, WTF.... the tv  progression is really feel like game, the more terminal you read, the more wtf you discover.
It felt like a bad comedy with no story and nothing happening.
Funny how bethesda actually puts actual care to stuff they know modders cant patch.
Best video game adaption to film/tv ever. Hands down.
I loved how the show on its own explains the world in a such compelling way for newcomers while keeping fans invested to see how each element will work into the story. I would LOVE to have watched this with someone who has never played these games before and watch them marvel at just how fun the Fallout world is.
Best show out right now. Absolutely loved it. Was the first series my son and I have watched together lol.
Think I might play the games now because of the show starting from Fallout 1 and working my way up
Yeah, there were a bunch of things in the show that flew over my head the first time I watched it like what happened in Shady Sands/bone yard and what happened to the NCR all of it I’m guessing the season two is going to explain what happened really And hopefully we’re going to get to see in the canon ending for new Vegas and honestly hoping for the yes-man ending and I really want to see what career in a NCR ranger and a little personal thing here I kind of want the carrier to be androgynous just because I think it would fit with the lore of the games a little bit more also the bit where you were talking about how the actress for Lucy McQueen gives off a good portrayal of what it feels like to come out of a vault. It really is like that or that hit for me. What is the Sierra Madre I was like oh let me start off the DLC and then realized I couldn’t go back and said oh no, I’ve made a grave mistake
Imagine shilling this slop.
Act maam shilling again
I’m straight up unsubscribing. You’ve fallen so far.  This show is straight up propaganda.  All white men are either villains or weak, incompetent coward.  Got a good looking young female protagonist, for once, but should’ve known that the purple-haired childless production staff couldn’t let us have it. Interracial romance with the black male hero while all the white guys are pathetic, unattractive, soft, incompetent or evil.  Gender roles, marriage, white family, capitalism, nationalism are all portrayed as bad. Despite Lucy’s family and friends getting kidnapped and murdered by a Trojan horse of outsiders, Lucy moralizes to a vault overseer that outsiders should be let into the vault. I.e. — open borders are good.  The plot is nonsensical. Vault Tech wants to destroy the world to make money? Ever take high school economics? You mean destroy the demand and supply chain for your products? So the best way to make money is to destroy the economy, the currency itself? What!?Ridiculous. Who wrote this?  The best story in Fallout is New Vegas—at least since 1-2. And not only do they not incorporate any of the lore, they straight up destroy New Vegas, the NCR and any hope of it in the future.  It’s all absurd, leftist nonsense. Overtly, white men are shown to be cowards and weak. A 100 lb female Lucy goes into the Wasteland in the first place because her brother is a coward. Titus the BOS Knight is a whiny, incompetent coward. The squire is soft, pasty. There’s apparently trans BOS as well.  Oh and Maximus inexplicably lies to the BOS, for zero reason, then gets off free anyway.  It’s all a sad joke. Terrible writing and a vehicle for anti-white Western propaganda. Again, nearly every couple is interracial. Should be enough evidence for you, but they really lay it on thick.
Fucking my chickens I died.
Are you really suggesting the Last of Us was good? Lol
how many shekels did you get from bethesda
It looms like the golden, unspoken rule of art has been brought back to Hollywood: SHOW. Don't  tell.  Disney has absolutely lost that art.
The ghoul is my favorite
Totally agree with your take that exposition is almost seamless, I have never played Fallout but know what it is and this is the unspoken gold of the show and why the actors did such a good job
To anyone watching this and is either curious or wants to know more about Fallout lore, the channel Oxhorn has a series of deep dive videos where he goes through every single aspect of Fallout, from Fallout 1 all the way to Fallout 4, and he is working on a series about the Fallout show right now. I can't recommend his channel enough, and it will make your viewing experience of the show so much better. Have a great day, everyone!
Best part is seing the bethesda gamestudio logo and being asked about it by non gamers😅 but yes this is a masterpiece
My wife who has never played these games and I’ve never told about, loves this show. We binged the whole season and it just goes to show that with some people who love the games making a show, it will succeed. See you on the strip!
I believe a better phrasing would be “Unbelievably, the Fallout show is GOOD”
Fallout was the first thing I watched when I got electronic freedom after basic training and it’s definitely a solid watch, I was amazed how well adapted it was.
FALLOUT TV SERIES = SHIT  ANOTHER SHITTY ADAPTION OF A GAME   FIRST EPISODE YOU DONT EVEN KNOW WHAT IS GOING ON OR THE PLOT. STRAIGHT SHITE.
If they also make a Skyrim show...WITH the bugs that'd be hilarious
Hopefully we get super mutants in season 2
Hear me out Black ops show masons voice actor looks exactly alike woods would be hard but what if
It’s mediocre
There is a poster of a laser rifle in Philly
Act Man you’ve done it again. Another spot on take 🫡
Fallout is a mediocre show that in its season finale tried to justify nuking the planet, killing most of its inhabitants, by claiming it was all done in the name of capitalism.  You need to have an IQ of cold tap water temperature to believe that garbage.
My only gripe is that Robbert downy Jr should have played Mr.House. He would have looked the part perfectly!
There is a energy gun used by lee moldever in the last episode.
I just don’t want them to ruin the New Vegas lore because we all know Bethesda has contempt for Obsidian and there masterpiece they made that is New Vegas.
Show rocks
My problem with modern shows like this is non of the actors have a speck of dirt on them.  It really highlights they are just on a tiny soundstage and it hurts the immersion for me.
9:14, I'm pretty sure there's a shot in one of the scenes after Lucy makes it to Filly that shows someone with a Tri-Beam laser rifle but it doesn't get used, however they'll definitely have to make an appearance at some point
This show got me to actually start fallout 4 after it’s been sitting on my ps4/ps5 lol
Yes we know
act man needs to review 3 or 4
Even the ambient music is Fallout styled, they did a great job with the details
The waterchip bit was funny too
The show sucked, people would eat anything up.
13:12 Another detail I liked about the outro for each episode was how it showed a sort of preview for what's to come in the following episode.
I just watched the entire series today, it was so awesome and I’m glad they treated this show with respect and passion. I’m going back to playing fallout 4 now
Damn them for making a good show! How dare they be good at what they do! Now I want to go replay all of the games again! Woe is me!
Show was so good, me and my girl whose not the biggest gamer or video game fan watched jt and she even thoroughly enjoyed it it’s stays true to the tones of the games and could be series when it wanted
What show were you watching man this was boring and half the scenes with power armor or any fallout creation just looks so crappy and poorly made honestly just looks like a bunch of cosplayers mixed in with some good actors, like the goat Walter Goggins. It’s all my opinion and everyone is open to  their own but this show suckkkss
For a much better review of the fanficton fallout show: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAoX9YHJydE
Just because it beat alot of people's expectations (even mine) doesnt make this show as good as people are making it out to be in my opinion. I think people's expectations are so low that anything above garbage is good now. This show wasn't bad at all means but not great either.
Way better than the Halo Series
Show was amazing!
I'm glad I'm not the only person that can't hear the word "Democracy" without Helldivers music playing on my mind anymore
I wasn't a fan.
An underrated aspect is the characters each play as a moral background in the game. Lucy is like a good playthrough, not looking for violence, Maximus is a neutral playthrough where he will kill and do what he feels is right, and the ghoul with the evil playthrough
And you will seek Me and find Me when you search for Me with all your heart.  -Jeremiah 29:13  “For God so loved the world, that He gave His only Son, so that everyone who believes in Him will not perish, but have eternal life.  -John 3:16  Repent therefore, and turn back, that your sins may be blotted out. -Acts 3:19  If you are in North America, please go check out any of the churches available to you: PCA, OPC, Rpcna, Urcna, or a canrc church  (These are conservative and actual Presbyterian churches)  If you can’t find one of the conservative presby churches then, maybe a Lcms Lutheran church  If you are Scottish, I recommend the Free Church of Scotland and the APC. (Different from the Church of Scotland)  If you’re English I recommend the Evangelical Presbyterian Church in England & Wales and the Free Church of England  (Different from the Church of England)  Also online you can look up church finders for each of the groups, it will show you locations  And let us consider how to stir up one another to love and good works, not neglecting to meet together, as is the habit of some, but encouraging one another, and all the more as you see the Day drawing near. -Hebrews 10:24-25
i honestly thought the slomo was VATS at first but then realized the ghoul doesnt have a pitboy
Can't wait for Warhammer 40K's show :)
Ray, when a pretty girl like Lucy asks if you want to have sex you say YESS!
The Deadrising music in the background has me a lil distracted and idk why
I love the contrast between Lucy and The Ghoul.  The former represents the player fresh out of the Vaults, inexperienced and not yet exposed to the dark truths of the world before and after the bombs fell.  Whereas The Ghoul is the player *near the end* of their playthrough, so OP they can kill a town's worth of NPCs and guys in Power Armor, but their morals so irreversably corrupted by the cruelty of the Wasteland and the shady dealings of companies like Vault-tec.
I remember my first time playing fallout. It was fallout 3 and I just left the vault. I randomly explored a full of raiders, lost some limbs, got radiation poisoning, addicted to drugs and died to radiation poisoning. A normal person would turn it off and be like, “Nah, this game ain’t for me.” But I kept going. Thank you fallout 3.
Seeing the junk jet in there plus all the other goodies was great. I hope the next season they bring in some more weapons
Read dead redemption 2 review please God
Red dead 2 review plz
Patrolling the Mojave almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter
The last shot where we see NV was so hype
Resident Evil TAKE FUCKIN NOTES 🙄
Act ma'am
Episode 4 was a clear weakest episode.  It was too slow, nothing really happened until the literal last 20 seconds, blah blah blah.  That being said, every other episode (maybe 6 was a little slow, too) was a fucking banger.  They really knocked it out of the park with the people they hired to craft this.  Writers, set design, costumes, sound design, lighting, acting, EVERYTHING was 9+/10.  Incredible that this is the same company that shit all over Tolkien and his lore like, last year.
One of my favourite scenes was when Lucy was used as bait
I had no ideea about what Fallout was,nor play any of the games,but I love this show. Im now going to play the gsmes because of the show
They didn't shoot any energy weapons, but if you look closely in the first junk shop Lucy goes to, you see some hanging on the walls!
Unpopular opinion: The Last of Us tv series really wasn’t THAT good.
When is the act man gonna review COD 4
Yo even the goddamn ambient music was perfect.
If I was an actor on the show , I would leave an never take the pitboy off bro
The first time I played a fallout was fallout 3. Leaving the vault really shit me up. I walked into the town outside the vault and was immediately killed by that one molerat that lurks behind the building at the end of the street   I know exactly how Lucy felt.
Maximus has the idiot savant perk with 1 intelligence.   And it’s amazing.
Should I watch the show or play the games first?
It's ether WHAT THE F*CK or yep that's fallout
you could chalk up people surviving crazy stuff as maxed out luck
Something I noticed immediately was how the brotherhood was and that’s not to mention how they handled the brotherhoods attitude perfectly but also how good everything looks from the Prydwen to the power armor it looks amazing
This show proving new Vegas was canon also proved fallout one and two canon making talking death claws canon. Your welcome for reminding you fallout one and two are weird lovable games
Dumb show for dummies
This show,was fire,i enjoyed every moment
You the man. Thanks for always keeping it real my dude.
[SPOILERS]  The chance the NCR dissolved has me sadder than a halo fanboy when halo 5 dropped.
I watched the Fallout show with my mom and guess what? She loved it. I guess you dont need to eviscerate the source material in order to attract a "broader audience" after all. Who would've thought??
Great video as always brother. One nitpick tho is that the Ghoul giving the thumbs up is kinda a spoiler. Left me with a good "Ohhhh! Thats why he did that" moment  0:59
Seems like it retcons a lot tho? I know Bethesda stopped caring about lore since fallout 4 but I think that’s the issue, amazon and Bethesda don’t seem to care about fallout lore. It’s not a big deal, but what is fallout if not the world/lore that was built around it?
Wonder if act men will review Sker Ritual
My biggest gripe has to be with the bombs dropping, I just wish we got to see more or that they did a little more with it. Using Crawl Out Through the Fallout for the credits hurt my soul a little bit too
The Hot Coffee song from the first episode had me realize how beautifully well synchronized music and scenes creates a feeling that cant be explained thus is a factor of why the show is just chefs kiss for the fans
I my opinion, I believe that fallout is the game series most deserving of an adaption besides the last of us.
I low key want Chet to become a major character.
I watched it with my mom and dad and explained stuff to them when needed. They loved it so much and I got to show my parents how much of a fallout nerd I was. 10/10 would recommend
You used music from goldeneye and I appreciate that 😎
I could have swore this was a reel big fish video when I saw that suit
Just finished it and I gotta say it's amazing. Made me a Fallout Fan, no Question.
Honestly I just equate any lil blip as a by product of the Wild Wasteland Perk
Reminded me why I love fallout: A+
Haven't seen it yet, but I hope to GOD it isn't woke. Also, if New Vegas and the Mojave next season happens, and Benny is even a tiny cameo, have this man do it. Though, maybe the timeline wouldn't work.
Do you think Todd Howard hates obsidian.
the witcher is a book adaptation though not a video game adaptation lol
It was definitely a B-grade show. You can really tell it did not take its source material serious at all. In fact it feels like this show is one big meme. None of the characters are really likable besides maybe the ghoul. What the hell was 90% of the dialogue in this show. All the men are betrayed as murderers and cowards. And to wrap this up cold fusion is way to OP to be entered into the fallout universe. It is truly so sad that people are so starved for entertainment that this is considered a good show.
I’ve loved Walton Goggins since his days playing Detective Vendrell in the Shield. I’m so glad he’s finally got a leading role and he absolutely fucking kills it, _The_ Ghoul is my favorite character in the show so far.
I freaking loved this show. Not only did I watch it once on a long flight, but also a second time with only listening to the audio… A bit like an audiobook. A fantastic experience that I'll remember for a long long time. The second viewing even offers interesting details that I totally missed.
Something I didn't notice till someone pointed it out but made me smile when it hit me that they were right, in the 8:52 fight, Howard eats food to heal himself.
You still havent apologized  to Az. Kindly f off.
At best 2/3 good the retcons and Bos dampened the show for me
12:22 That scene got me goosebumps all over!
I also love how Lucy's character development is done in such a way that you can almost tell exactly when she levels up.
Re: Ron Pearlman. He has not been in every Fallout, and frankly, I don't care if he is or isn't. He's a piece of shit.
Why couldn’t Amazon have gotten a capable team for Rings of Power :(  And if only the Halo Show had had this much effort put into it…. :(((
Activision after seeing how fallout show affects its game sales, they might think wanna make their own tv show, who knows, maybe we got black ops series on netflix or original modern warfare series on prime video
I am sensing a halo queen right now
This series is so boring.
Shill.
I Know this is off topic but to hell with it because man does this guy look like airrack 😅
Act They prostrates himself to Todd Howard’s forced pronouns in Starfield, so not surprising he’s shilling for this slop. Lolcow’s gonna lolcow i suppose.
Is there a good video out there on how to mod new vegas, never played it myself and i only watched my dad play it. Now i wish to play it, bit the radscroipions freak me out. Which video is a good one to follow on how to mod it?
I mean the lore has been changed many times like how did super mutants get to the ozher side of america, jet was pre war drug (it was actually made in falout 2 ) but i still think that the tv show isnt that bad if you ignore the lore.
Thank you for outing yourself as a fake fan, seriously Actman you truly showed your real colors and proved your a good for nothing tourist
Just finished the series and it definitely slaps! 👋🏼 AND i just bought fallout new vegas and fallout 3 for 3 bucks on Steam for my steam deck oled, cant wait to play them 👦🏼👍🏼  And Idk why but I thought it was fricken cool to see Eric Estrada in the intro of ep. 7 lol! he was great in that scene and shit tbh i wouldnt mind seeing more of that dude for season 2 🔥🔥🔥
*Spolier alert* who saw the rephrence where thad leaves behind a dog in a redrocket gas station and in fallout 4 we found the dog at a red rocket gas station.
Yeah when they mentioned democracy i just thought of helldivers 2
Disagree. Show is at best a 6/10 with plenty of poorly done CGI. You even showed it off during your own "kill cam" section with blood leaving the dude before the bullet on screen even makes contact. Story is meh, references and people "omg" at them is just sad. At no point, if you are enjoying something based on a game, should you be "I get that reference" and it should be expected to exist since its literally the same world. Acting is alright, but a LOT feels stilted. The Ghoul is fantastic though, imo. Also, by the time you get power armor, you aren't "oh shitting" away form a Yao Guai and then I like your video choice to show a Death Claw who is on a comparative scale compared to a Yao Guai being 100x deadlier. Show very heavily leans into Fallout 4's lore and is argued to be some of the worse that franchise has dealt with. It wasn't just hated as a Fallout game for no reason, but a lot of retconning to lore was done there. Glad lots of people are enjoying it, but to me, it just felt like generic cash grab, toss in some references, make it for modern audiences, and hope people don't notice things like The Ghoul throwing a hook on screen that then changes next scene to a completely different looking hook that flies in from the right side of the screen while he is still standing in the next shot watching his throw defy the laws of literally everything as it flies in like it was thrown by a completely different person. Still, hope season 2 lives up to the hype people are enjoying now. I will see you all in a couple years when the hype dies down and people start to come their senses.
Hey ActMan, strong chance you never see this but regarding your comments on the lack of laser weapons, I did see one, Lee wields a laser pistol during the last battle, though I don't recall seeing her fire it. It's only on screen for a matter of seconds so I don't blame anyone for thinking they don't show up for the entirety of the show.
Spoiler . . . . I knew Hank was in new vegas the second that yellow ass tint was eating his face
This would be content I may enjoy. Shame its coming from a misguided hypocritical douche-bag whos just a step below prank youtuber in farming content and not giving a shit about others or the context of their views.
They got to him😢
Are you really going to sponser your discord? There are some horrible people on that discord server and they have insulted me so much that I left the discord, I reached out to you about it and you ignored me. Your discord has people who say creepy and sexual things its horrible and YOU don't even monitor it. You sound like that is it good for the player guy. Just an corporate ahole trying to make money by putting your fans at risk.
its ok, not Unbelievably GOOD almost every episode had a "wow, that was convenient"  moment. It's still good.
act man I love you but ARE YOU TRYING TO RUB MORE SALT IN OUR WOUNDS BY PLAYING HALO SOUNDTRACKS IN THE BACKGROUND?!!!! I watched halo s1 and s2 over the week and just binged the fallout show today and its just so much better. why is it that every other game fan has a good tv show but we don't ?
The final shot...THE FINAL SHOT :o
There is this review then angry joe and co getting drunk and falling asleep.   You paid attention welldone you earned a sub
The final shot was insane…paused my TV and gawked for a good minute or so 😂  Also, the helldivers add in had me cackling! 🤣🤣🤣
All of this show just works - Todd Howard (maybe)
This show wants me to play a multi-protaganist based fallout game
There's a laser pistol in the last episode, as well as a laser rifle and a plasma pistol on the wall of the shop in episode 2.  There's also something that looks a bit like a laser musket from FO4 in the same shop.
The characters have S.P.E.C.I.A.L. skills AND perks! The ghoul has addicted and cannibal perks. Lucy lays her stats out episode one she's good with chems and pistols and that's why she ignores big weapons and maximus has no speech or charm or Intel...BUT 10 LUCK and STRENGTH baby! This man survives a nuke in a fridge as a child. He fails upward the whole time. And can take a beating......my guy.
Total sellout take. The show is dog tripe propaganda like everything else produced by the jew-owned media.
One of the best TV Shows this year
ACTMAN you a punk grifter
Other than Walton Goggins, the show was garbage.
" lucy is a representation of the character " me who just massacreed every npc I could find   " uh ... yeah sure .... right... "
I absolutly despise how bad they fucked the brotherhood of steel
7:36 democracy jumpscare
The show is so amazing. Simple as that.
TLDW it was actually just above mid... so ya unbelievably good relative to everything else ROFLMAO
Lucy is the best strong female protagonist i ve seen in years
As a headphone user goodsir... f*ck you. good video though ;)
They can say it's canon all they want but if there's lore discrepancies you can just consume them as a separate universe.
When Lucy says " The head, what bout head, I need head to get my dad back." Relatable AF
It its! I have time watching shows and i had to stop myself from watching it
My man what a great review 😮
I had extremely low expectations for this show and I can say with absolute confidence that this is my new favorite show! It’s up there with The Terror and Chernobyl in terms of cinematography, this will bring in a whole new horde of vault dwellers to the fallout universe, even my own mother is now heavily invested in the lore…
They should give halo to Amazon
I feel if anything it should be like the EU where they need a month's notice. If i gotta give a 2 weeks notice make companies give a month's notice.
It’s such. Good show it got me mad on how bad they did Halo.
We need an Act Man's favorite Fallout mods video!
I knew the father would be bad. 😂
The Halo show ruined me somuch that the entire time I watched it I was waiting for them to fuck it up. Kinda took me out of it. Also, I'm not a big enough nerd to recognize anything but the main theme and some of the old timey songs cuz I like that genre.
Sorry, but it was way more Phantom Menace than Empire Strikes Back. So many implausible scenarios. Why would a vault collectively commit suicide because their overseer is a manager thawed out of cryo sleep? It’s ridiculous. And the brain in a snow globe behind it all? And who cleaned up vault 32? Why would the brotherhood stand around while the ghoul explains their weakness? Did they get a grade schooler to write this trash?
act ma'am being idiot shill like always :)
Fallout might be the one series that I wouldn’t mind going forever. The series is 27 years old and the only bit of outside the us we’ve seen is one 2ish hour dlc that took place during the Great War. Just off the top of my head I want a game in Russia, uk, alaska(i need to be able to live the aftermath of operation anchorage) Sweden Brazil Australia and Japan. Just a new game every 5-7 years in a new location and we’re set for the next 80 years of gaming😂😂😂
Christ bless you, Thanks man im not a fallout fan but im grateful for this review
I think you should try fallout 76 again i heard the updates made it a completely different game
I was watching this with my sister at my moms house (she’s a huge fallout fan we binged it all in 2 days it was great lol) and my mom comes home from work, really gets into the show. And then I have Maximus constantly saying can you make my cock explode 🤦🏾‍♂️😂.
I'm surprised more fans haven't commented on the assaultron Lucy looked at confusedly in the sand on the first episode! Anybody who has played that game, especially Fallout 4, had an 'oh fuck' moment there 😂
It was a shocker how good the show was lets hope we can get some good games again next
Where’s the red dead video pookie
"When I was 10 I played Fallout 3 GotY edition and thought I would have good RPGs forever. Now I know I will not live to see another good Bethesda game"
I don’t think it’s really good (just ok) but just by not being very terrible it’s blowing people away lol, it does retcon a lot of new vegas lore sadly
I stopped watching when the ghoul killed those 3 armed men. Seriously?
Plot is nonsensical 😂😂😂
This show is amazing
One thing I haven't seen anyone mention yet is that the show was not just homages to Fallout lore but also Sergio Leone spaghetti westerns. They clearly make Lucy, the Ghoul, and Maximus into the Good, the Bad, and the Ugly with the Ghoul's theme making reference to Eastwood's theme in the movie. I love how Goggins's character is basically Clint Eastwood, a western star known for his gritty performances who then his gritty bounty hunter character in real life after the bombs drop. They even made a reference to John Wayne in the part where Cooper doesn't want to shoot the bad guy in the head because a good sheriff wouldn't do that, as John Wayne famously said he hated the direction westerns were headed where the main character is an anti-hero instead of a good guy.  The writers just cared and you could see it in every scene and Goggins delivers every line with perfect precision.
I personally didn’t like it but it’s good to see other opinions.  I think the reason I didn’t like it was I expected a very different kind of show. If you go in expecting a comedy your probably going to be satisfied but all the positives you mentioned felt like negatives to me (besides the house scene that shit was cool)   Anyways, good luck with the videos man.
Oh look another tv show based on a video game that ACTUALLY cares about the game getting a lot of praise and success.
A few things I want to say about the show.  1) It’s good, watch it 2) I’m ok if there is some retconning, so long as it doesn’t world break the story 3) …  I forgot what three was, I’m too high on chems.
Not gonna lie, the main actor who plays Lucy would be an amazing role as Chell from Portal.
SPOILERS!!! I watch the show, and i have feelings that Tod destroys all core moments releated to 1,2 and new vegas because they are inconvenient for his eastern wasteland. Just look at brotherhood westertn chapters use 51b in all 3 games, but we see only T60 that mentiond on 4. Hes rip off whole faction cuz because NCR is not convenient for his wasteland, where society should not be anymore that Dimond city, Megaton or rivet city. With this canon we dont see anymore games like new vegas. The plot that vault dwelers must build new society is stupid, we all know that vaults just facility for experements just a few vaults must be open(101 should have been closed forever). With this show we lost old fallout, true post apocalyptic game, now its only apocalyptic. P.S. Sorry for my english, not my native
Laser rifles were shown in a few scenes, but yea never fired. Fallout 5 will have powered Cities :O?
I haven't seen the show yet so nothing against it, but Todd Howard hasn't made a single good Fallout game so I don't give a god damn what he says is canon.
fun fact: the fallout TV show as the same IMDB score as INTERSTELLAR...  let that one sink in folks
I think the only issue I had was the scientist surviving the turret. Outside of that. WAS AWESOME
*Spoiler*   The password at the end being the release date for fo1 was just perfect and MY GOD THE STRIP!?!
The "Golden Rule, Motherfucker." line got me smiling from ear to ear.
my most favorite mention was the kid in the fridge.
I mostly hated Vault 4, the idea of the vault was so cool but it was so slapstick and out of tone for the show that it was jarring with the jokes not landing at all.
God bless them Nolan brothers
The amount of normie trash in the comments is immense.
Binge watched it three times 😂 and I have a confused crush on The Ghoul
The show is definitely amazing! **SPOILERS**The only touch I would have loved to see is what the movie depiction of what a super mutant would be. I believe you see an arm of a super mutant and a couple posters but I was hoping that brotherhood member turned into one.
Yes the show thats destories the original series is so fantastic.
3:00 gives me 007 ptsd on the N64 that damn music....it's so good.
Very sad we didnt get a surprise guest appearance from The Toaster in fallout new vegas :(
No, no it's not.
I smashed the thumbs up right when you mentioned the lack of Ron Perlman saying war...war never changes.
AD-AP-TA-TION not AD-AP-TION :-)
When will you even review fallout 4?
Fallout is actually Believeling good
Yeah they did Shady Sands dirty also they put the wrong vault there should have been V15
I just finished it and I am so hyped about what happens next
Watch betty be ghouls wife knowing how fucked up it is😂
*F .*
I thought it was very interesting that we saw laser weapons onscreen at least twice (one character had a laser rifle in the first episode, I think, and one had a laser pistol in the last episode) but we never saw them fire.  I cannot wait for Season 2, but I do wonder how they can possibly make it accessible for new fans if they don't play the games between now and then. The audience will need to be introduced to more factions and background lore, judging from the final shot.
Btw Synthetic Man (or Soythetic Man) Said this Show was bad cuz Cooper was married to a Black Woman..............
You should play yakuza 0 one of the games of all tine
As a kid growing up in the 90's an elder scrolls and then fallout... I'm so grateful that this series not only was good, but actually developed legitimate and much needed lore for the world. The pre-war stuff is so well done and gives a whole new perspective for future playthroughs of the games. I can't say that about any other game series (even though I loved the Twisted Metal show) and I have to say that this show is fucking incredible.
Fallout was amazing it’s sad to see that’s theirs people who are stuck in the internet hate cycle where they literally just hate any and everything new lol their brains have rotted so bad that they see female lead scream woke and call it trash when 90% of them never watched the whole season they just saw a couple second clip or screen shot and start hating on it repeating what the Twitter hate mob says smh it’s truly dark days to be a creator
I'm just thankful it's not some woke pos. SO very thankful to not have "the message" pushed in every scene. They did good.
Top tier series. Takes it's place in my top 5 series of all time.  My personal opinion is that Maximus was a bit of an underwhelming character and actor... but everything else was *chefs kiss*
I came looking for this video after i finished the season lol
i shouted what the fuck when the robot said he was gonna harvest her organs
Dude the ending of season one got me so hyped up man, I won’t say anything but literally I jumped off the couch and then cheered for a solid minute.
now I need to play falllout again
Woke-Boy should be your name
I’m very intrigued by Norm and Thadius. I think they both have a lot of potential.
lol unbelievable good, if you're a bootlicker
Jesus christ do the RDR2 video already wtf
someone please just tell me the show is not Woke ... and then I will watch it.
People thinking that shady sands got nuked in 2277, when it clearly said the nuke happened after the fall of shady sands and was also was also spoken of by Cain and Howard really shows the combined IQ of the fallout community 💀
9:52 why do i have tinnitus
i cant get into it at all. kinda meh
this show sucked and did not like it. not watching season 2 or 3 if they make it that far. slow and boring. the hype was a letdown.
Why was the sound of the gohl’s pistal so satisfying 🔥🤌
I was shocked by how good it was, and a lot of that was how brutal they depicted the fallout universe, they weren't scared to mention touchy subjects because it might offend people.
norms perception is a 10 and i won’t be convinced otherwise
That final shot actually shivers down my spine and pure excitement for the next season
Now I want a good adaptation of  Dead Space  Horizon  Mass Effect  Halo needs an adaptation of the game lore Metro 2033 Dishonored   Bioshock is one of the best games Evers and all time favorite but I wonder how you translate that. The twist for that game works do well because you are the playing the character.   Helldivers would probably be a great anime
I am still in awe that they made it a show, when I first saw the trailer just pop up on my tv I literally screamed. I think one thing I really love is how even people who haven’t played the games think it’s awesome. And it really is. The attention to detail was just amazing. The best game adaptation EVER. Bar none. Resident evil, I’m lookin at you 🤨
Doesn't surprise me the games got a player spike since they know the premise. But for someone unfamiliar with Fallout are gonna be wtf is this. To be honest, as a Fallout fan, and 4 episodes in, I'm having wtf moments.
I'm playing 4...Is that a good start!..I guess I chosed. to play one
I had to go and watch the whole show to finish this video, but I'm back now.
It's really....not. It's okay. I finished 3 episodes and it's not great so far.  Its extremely forgettable, the characters are boring and they absolutely butchered the BoS. Started a 9, went to a 5.5 episode 2, and then maybe like a 7.
It reminds me of the way Peter Jackson did with LotR. It wasn't 100% faithful, but it was pretty close
it was very funny to see a call out to halo for "the super consistent" time line lore jajajaja, i love halo, but maaaan, its is crumbling with shit
I actually have a question. Will the wanderer or courier ever make an appearance ? Because at the end of the first season we head to new Vegas, so is the courier gonna be in there ? Or the wanderer ?? Please 🙏
i was unsure and skeptical about watching it but you convinced me to try it out
Hey actman, there's this small YouTuber named CallMeAmatuer who had one of his videos taken down. It was his Bill Williamson diss track and it got taken down because of "hate speech". It was calling Bill gay but that's it. The main part that got him a strike was when John said "gaysexual". You should try and help him. We should all use #GAYSEXUAL
I think what you explained around 10:06 is one of the reasons why ATLA Netflix adaptation failed in getting people to get curious about the characters and (maybe) there future development
Xbox has the best fallout mods (I'm not including pc 😑)
another wokie praising the destruction of mankind
Most of the people who don’t like the show are the people who made up their mind that its a bad show before it even came out
it's woke, it's good other than that.
Didn't mention the actress actually played the games to understand the lore and her character
EDIT: can we please somehow get the Fallout IP out of Bethesda's Hands and into Larian Games lap, I cannot handle another Fallout 4 or Fallout 76.  I personally really like the show, they nailed the atmosphere and the tone, very good acting and the ghoul is a standout. Had a bit of problems with Maximus at first but his character arch in season 1 was solid and did not like the fact that the characters always seem to be teleporting to where the show needs them to be in a post apocalyptic nuclear wasteland which does require some suspension of disbelief. The only major problem I have is that they completely disregard Fallout New Vegas lore, cannot explain my disappointment to find out what happened to the NCR and for no one to mention the Legion or the location that is New Vegas, maybe they will address it in the second season.   As a Fallout fan even with my gripes with the show would recommend this to anyone.
Why is this video age restricted smh
Bored after 5 episodes its just a strong woman and underdog black man in fallout setting that's all BORING!!!! They ruined it
8:00 So True when, playing New Vegas I planned to just B-Line it to the New Vegas Strip and when I got to the Death Claw quarry I spoke to an npc where I though. “They can’t be that strong, look how small he is.” The momma death claw proceeded to kill me 22 times where I then quite the game for a week. Only returning because I had a dream about that fucking Death Claw.
!Spoiler!      There is at least one energy weapon as moldaver can be seen holding a lazer pistol at the end of season 1
It's a bit hit-and-miss for me, but enjoyable enough. The world and character outfits look pretty good with a lot of attention to detail, but I often feel like I'm watching actors in a theme park version of a world.  The way the show handles the ongoing mystery feels very much like the 2000's show "Lost". It's a bit of a tired approach.  The Ghoul is a somewhat interesting character, but he strikes me as an imitation of "The Man in Black" from the show "Westworld". Goggins seems a bit like his heart's not in the role at times, like he's not really showing up, but maybe that's just my perception. I think he lacks charisma in his actor role, before becoming The Ghoul.  Minor spoilers below.  There's also a lot of scenes that just don't land, such as the, "I'm not torturing you. I'm using you as bait!" scene. Who would actually be shocked in this moment? Or the scene where The Ghoul takes out the government officers while the president just sits there at his table. There's a lot of moments like this one where I find myself going, "Oh, come on... are you kidding me?!" due to the required suspension of disbelief. The bridge crossing scene with the cannibals is another that had me objecting out loud. Just cross one at a time and keep a safe distance! There's a fair bit of crap like this that you just have to swallow.
Love your channel but it's upsetting being subscribed but youtube hasn't suggested any of your videos old or new for like a month. It's always nice to come back after a bit and binge new videos but this channel should be home page gaming material. God bless, thankyou for your service.
This just in act man to be the new frontman for reelbigfish
The act man, your video got age restricted sadly 😢 it was a good video
Its not very good, but definitely not horrible. Lots of trash I dont like, and things that are just flat stupid. I couldn't have expected much more, I don't think it honestly worth a watch unless you will get excited when you see the junk jet or something on screen. Its bleh
I'm so happy they didn't fuck this up. My mom, who's only game experience has been galaga, pacman, and WoW, loves this show. We've been bonding over it, and she doesn't know anything about the universe. It's been fun, as someone who has put thousands of hours into this IP, video games and lore, to explain to her how this world works, and to be able to answer all of her questions about it. I love this show.  Edit: side note, that helldivers 2 clip was great. It's my Sunday, and I'm about to boot up that game now. See you on the frontlines.
I know people are saying it's woke, but aside from the one character who's non-binary in a post-apocalyptic world where it was a 1950's kind of society before the bombs dropped so non-binary wasn't a thing back then, the show is actually pretty good. Lots of references too
"This ass jerky aint gunna make itself" best line in the whole show
There's two types of people who reviews this show someone who thinks its awesome like the act man and someone who complains and always has negative opinions about it like pyrocynical
Show was great and so was your review!  👍👍
The Act Man is unbelievably gay, and this show is shit! Fuck Off!
i told a buddy of mine that if those Vault scenes with Norm were from any otrer show, it'd be the most boring part of it. But I was actually heavily invested in each and every story being told. If anything Norm's scenes were really some lf the best.
9:06  Moldaver hold a Laser Pistol in the last episode.
Yeah... nah... Actman playing to the woke crowd in this one 😂
One of the best parts of the show is that they made Johnny Cash canon in the universe.
It’s such a good show
I just appreciate the goldeneye track in the background
Only thing i don't understand is how people today consider a season 8-10 episodes. Shows when i grew up were 20+ episodes.
All the woke shit surprisingly fits really well into the fallout universe, especially the retarded mutants yeah they’re definitely woke
Tim Cain (the creator of Fallout) mentioned in his video explaining his thoughts on the show, that he gets past the inaccuracies in canon by attributing it to unreliable narrators. This is something he says has been in all the games, you cant necessarily trust what everyone is saying because there isnt really a concrete recorded history of things after the bombs dropped.
Absolutely loved the series, I have the games, just have not invested the time to get into them. However after seeing the show, I believe the time has come! Fav actor is Walton Goggins character in the future...full of history and sarcasm! PERFECT
The thing in the show that quite literally pointing and almost shouting at the screen was the very last scene in the last episode. Spoilers obviously:   When Hank is looking down over the skyline of New Vegas I immediately recognised it from all the times I first caught sight of it and knew thinbs were about to get wild. Mr House, crazy gangsters and high class cannibals ahoy!
Moldaver at the end of the season had a Lazer pistol
the cogsworth scene got me really buzzing with using the actual voice actor and making them an actual person from the past, chefs kiss
if ur doing modded fallout new vegas gotta get new vegas killer great mod
i feel like i've watched a different show to everyone else, not an original idea anywhere, character motivations dont exist, nobody acts in a reasonable way at all, the story lines feel like things found in a book of "common hero story tropes" they just lack any creativity at all, characters take actions based solely on moving the plot forward, no relationship building between characters, super rushed pacing. the only time the show is being even close to bearable is when it's going full XDDD with the comedy stuff or trap vault,
12:23 was the best way of saying “War never changes” for the first time in the show for the fans
Halo season 1 is amazing
dude, this was finally a breath of fresh air when it comes to tv shows. They didn't explain shit, they SHOWED shit! From the characters noticing little things that they are unfamiliar with with their body language and facial expressions to the enviromental story telling. Am so glad this had no "THE MESSAGE" and explainetory dialogue bullshit
Fallout TV series - the most Fallout between Interplay and Bethesda there ever was!
I've only seen the first episode and i liked it
Damn, another L take from the Act Man
Downloaded fallout 4 and new Vegas lol going to be busy and won’t be seeing sunlight for a while. So happy haha 😊
I feel the show should play the Fallout theme song whenever the "fallout" title pop ups on screen going forward.
"I do this shit for the love of the game"- The Ghoul
Dude as I was watching the show some the choices they made me and my buddies where able to do justify the choice because they had this perk  Like when Lucy failed to convince cooper we were like, she didn’t put any points into charisma Like in the first episode when cooper was killing everyone he was procking better criticals grim reapers sprint and concentrated fire
Season 2 gonna have to very big damn shoes to fill but after what I’ve seen I really think they can do it
I’m not gonna lie I’m a HUGE HATER of video game adaptations but I thoroughly enjoyed this show😁! Like so many others, I’m going back and playing Fallout 3 and New Vegas for the 17th times 😂
Biggest issue i had with ep 1 was that there was no message in top left corner saying critical strike on raider
That Maximus and Lucy scene cracked me up
God damn i wanna watch this but i havent finished the show!
Fun fact Mr.house was born in the year 2020 he’s a iPad baby 😂
Shillman, unsubscribed
https://youtu.be/TVeD3UX2Uu4?si=mC27wQnP71YJwVF9  Looking to start a new short-from content based around gaming, tv shows, and gaming edits. I might do gaming, commentary and, and inane podcasts between completely unqualified friends.  https://youtube.com/@AlecMirabal?si=1xhxH2msLUWYCFYp
THE ACT KLAN?
Was hoping we'd get a deathclaw appearance but I'll settle for a skull of one
Someone might have said it but moldaver has a laster weapon in the final battle scene and I think you see her shoot it once, I wish they had some more energy weapons
From an outsider's perspective, who has never played any Fallout games, this web show is just perfect. It takes time to get you hooked, and it was made by the man himself, Jonathan Nolan, so you can pretty much expect it to be good. It's a great show that everyone should consider watching.
3:44 I like the fact that fallout 76 isn't with the other games when we're talking about canon timeline xd
no its not
They teed this up for season 2. Im so excited! One thing I wish they did was show more of the abominations. When the gulper appeared, it looked like a centaur at first. When they were near the waters, I was hoping for some Mirelurk action. Even though I was disappointed because I didn’t see a super mutant or deathclaw, this show is solid and was so hyped to see them finally reveal that vaultec was behind the catastrophe.  P.S I knew it was vault Tec before the show even started. I’ve played all the games and will most likely play them again.
There was a laser pistol at the end and a rifle at the beginning but they didn't show them firing I think
My wife who's nvr even heard of fallout was INVESTED I'm like ima go smoke real quick and she's like NO UR NOT WE'RE WATCHING ANOTHER EPISODE THAN U SMOKE lol
God dude, I wish so badly that the Halo series would have been this good. This shows that it's absolutely possible to completely follow the source material and make something amazing. Seeing Halo being handled so poorly is truly heart breaking but at least this didn't suffer the same fate.
The writing is pretty shit tier, I cringed watching the power armor move, especially jumping or hovering,  homie in the armor gets it because people are mean to him because he sucks at his job, and we're supposed to go along with it? Is it supposed to be super campy and dumb? I didn't get that playing through the games. I can only suspend my disbelief so much.
Is perfect I watched three episodes and I'm hooked they even had  Grognak the barbarian on the TV in the first episode can't wait for the Enclave.
The only part that didn't land for me was when the power armour flew around like a jet. The things weigh so much the jetpack is for short boosts at best. But otherwise, loved the show.
I absolutely loved the Lucy character, I don't know how they got an old man in his sixties (me) to identify so strongly with a girl in a post apocalyptic world but they nailed it. That's how a heroic character is written.
THEY DID NOT PLAY BIG IRON!!! 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Lucy and Maximus kinda reminds me a little bit to Rey and Finn from Star Wars Sequels (a caucasian girl isolated from the rest of the world/universe and an african guy who joined a particular military faction). Man, I just hope that Bethesda doesn't f*ck this up with these characters, just like Disney did with Rey and Finn. Because I actually liked formerly the concept and relationship between Rey and Finn in Episode VII, until they ruined it in episodes VIII and XI later on.
This show feels like the wizard of oz. The wizard died episode 2 and you have Dorothy the tin man scarecrow etc. and the wicked witch of the west
The first series I loved every single character and detail seen. It's awesome. 😎
"Today's video is sponsored by me! What a man is The Act Man to sponsor his own video. 😎
"Unbelievably"    Hmmmmm.  It's fine.
shill. lol. no cojon
Lucy isn't a 300 year old vampire with cat ears and a 10 year old's voice. 0/10.    /s
How about the fact that Lucy was delivering the head? SHE'S THE COURIER
This show was amazing! Seasons 2 cant come soon enough!
There was no Butcher Pete.  I will not forgive this.
the only thing that irked me although I understand the reasoning, the cars were all wrong! oh and I dont know how thick the steel is on those cars having not rotted out in 200 years when the ship is skeletal... but this same bit of oddness is also in games.. having worked on old cars that sheetmetal does not last that long ;)
OK OK ALRIGHT....ill give it a shot. Happy?
I've never play Fallout back in the days. I've watch all 8 episodes and then proceed to buy Fallout 4. Damn this game is so good, Fallout 3 and New Vegas are in my sight now too.
This adaptation just about nailed it. I have very few quibbles with it, and none of them would stop me from watching it.
You're completely right. It feels just like  a fallout game. I loved it.
Agora deu vontade de assistir.
The idiot halo producers should take a lesson
Generally impressed with the show. However, I found the final episode very underwhelming and messy.  Also thought max wasn't the most interesting character
This series is just awesome.  Lucy is a fresh  carácter. A strong and badass caracter. That kill all woke shit content we are try to feeding us.  Did you see that Amazon?, Lucy yes, Galadriel not..
The woke bull shit everywhere was dumb as hell ...every other character had to be a strong woman, or black .....it just completely took me out of any immersion... The power armor went from giant cardboard cut outs to clown shoes goofy....there was  no weight to their movements and they would go from invincible powerhouse's that could smash someones skull in the palm of their hands to struggling fighting a regular dude in a fist fight ....  Ghouls looked like straight up zombies not mutated humans... No super mutants.... Main vault dweller is a total slut for no reason other than "would you like to have s*x random stranger ive known all of 2 minutes." Man the list just goes on and on....but yay! 9 out of 10 right? Like everybody is saying.....no ...it wasnt total complete garbage but far farrrr from a 9..... Id give it a 4 out 10.
Bro reminded me what i should really be doing mid video
Who else sang along to the songs? Me i did
It's unbelievably awful and cringe...You have gotta be joking.
Idk what you guys are smoking this show is mid at best. Maximus looks like he's gunna burst into tears 90% of the time, weird for someone who's been indoctrinated into the brotherhood from childhood.
Crazy how making the series look like fallout game, made me want to watch it
The series is a pleasant surprise. I wen in expecting it to be bad but it definitely is not bad. Lucy's character being described as ned flanders in  the apocalypse was perfect. I definitely felt that while watching. Only seen the first 4 eps so far but am impressed.   Why is it that shows that have 9 episodes or less tend to be phenomenal.
Thank you for this! Been excited to watch but nervous cuz I’ve been slowly savoring the episodes and haven’t finished, not real spoilers here…. What in the god damn.  Very happy with the show 😌
Fallout 5
The BoS portrayal in this show was hard to watch.
The only thing that didn’t make sense was how forgiving the protagonist was to the NCR at the end bearing in mind they massacred her vault 33 even almost killing her brother. Also I don’t like how they made the BoS the bad guys and how amateurish they are.
You do realize that radiation has no sound...right?  So the sound effect for radiation might be for a meter that may have a sound warning.  Just saying.  Lol
You do realize that radiation has no sound...right?  So the sound effect for radiation might be for a meter that may have a sound warning.  Just saying.  Lol
Lucy in the show is like if moira brown from fallout 3 was a likable person
Actman.... I want the rdr2 review.... Come on. Just give to it me!!! Give it to me Actman, I cant take it anymore!
My favourite is that fk fk fk fk fk scene😂😂😂
After so many game to show/movie adaptations that were bad this is a goldmine
Who would have thought the recipe for success is staying true to the source material, instead of any stupid agenda or director self insert? Mind blowing!
Such a amazing show 🎉
Which ending to Fallout: New Vegas is the right ending? Well season 2 aims to answer that. After 14+ years we will finally have an answer to that question. A lot of fans are worried but I'm excited. Of course every ending is the right ending but finally we will have the story concluded by a canonical source. I get some NV fans are upset with some scenes from the series but these are developing stories that never truly had their conclusion. "War, war never changes." History has a way of repeating itself. ANY TRUE FALLOUT FAN WOULD NOW THIS. Not just diehard Vegas fans, which I am one, unfortunately, it seems these fans are the only ones who don't know. The future of the fallout franchise is bright and should be celebrated especially with such a faithful TV series adaptation as this one.
Great show Act Man, glad you enjoyed it. Although the smug leftist strawmanning capitalism part ruined the suspend belief mode you’re supposed to be in to enjoy a show and I couldn’t enjoy it anymore. It was like a long, hair colored hair, inside the beef patty on a great burger. Ruined it for me.
The code the was put in at the last episode (101097) is the release date of the first fallout game on October 10, 1997. I was just curious if that was some kind of Easter egg when I saw it.
A lot of people thought she Hulk was going to be good and then episode 3 came out so I'm sorry if I don't believe in any of the hype
the show is Mid.. calm down lol..
wow, a show following the game lore  and not doing its own stupid shit and its good and all like it.... Wow, how is that posible... :"D
This show has dogshit writing and unlikeable protagonists.
PLEASE DO A FALLOUT NEW VEGAS DLC VIDEO
MOLDAVER HAD A LAZER PISTOL IN THE LAST SCENE
A scene that I really enjoyed was when Lucy was sneaking away and she kept messing up. That shows that she has a low sneak stat 😂  She also seem to have a proficiency in small guns that you see throughout the show.  I find the attention to detail on how states work really cool.
The Fallout show has a Fallout 1 and 2 gritty story telling with 3 and 4 funny play.
Arguably better than conveniently adaptating an already storydriven linear TLOU with establihed character that are presented in a cinematic cutscene close to an interactive film when you cutout the gameplay
I had my doubts at 1st, seeing fallout for being  a gameplay driven no cutscene RPG w/o a main established character founded w/ a fanbase that heavily relies solemnly on world building. Its the complete opposite of conveniently adapting TLOU (storydriven linear game)
Just found you, and subscribed. Loved the video and Major kudos for adding RDR2 Arthur and Lenny Saloon music in the middle.
The show was a hell of a lot better than anything I was expecting it to be, but also at the same time, I don’t really think it was as good as everyone is praising it as. Enjoyed my time watching, but it could’ve been even better than it was.
Comparing this show to Rings of power, Halo, Resident Evil, and Witcher makes me realize just how much stupid there is in all those writers room
"I've been installing a bunch of mods to play New Vegas again" -Looks down at my taskbar where FNV with 600+ mods is currently open- yep.
Okay here’s my saying point. Show is great and I love it. BUT! The cgi ALWAYS looked rough. And I mean I get it you’re building a whole world… but the CGI was rough to digest.  Also the setting… I never thought I would complain about scenes. But literally we go from a full grown forest to desolate wasteland yet they are close together. It’s hard to watch. Also it just looked too clean… like I don’t need to see the world in 500000p lol. Give me some rugged apocalyptic feel.
I was convinced about the show when I realized Cooper picked the "Bloody mess" perk.
that last scene had me literally rock hard
Yes the appeal fallout has is like no other.!!
Loving the show! For sure the best adaption i ever watched !
i mean it's okay i disagree that the jokes and writing are good cuz....it's not it's very Marvel/Disney man baby writing like you say it's good then show the sex line...bro that scene isn't funny
444:360=1.23*
The show sucked ass
I frickin loved this show. I’m glad to see positive vibes elsewhere.
The “You Can’t trust her She steals DADS!!“ line was awesome. As well as the lead up to “But they gave me a bath robe”  This show is awesome. I’m genuinely surprised by how well they captured the wild wasteland
I loved this show. It was so great. Ella is so beautiful. And my man Erik Estrada made an appearance!!
When Maximuses friend gets their foot all cut up you can see someone in the background before he hurts his leg yanking his meat
As someone who knew nothing about the fallout games going in, I absolutely loved it. I'm gonna have to go back and play the games now...
Much better than the Resident Evil show. Like Cyberpunk Edgerunners, this feels like the show makers really understood the source material and did their best to make it work. The little touches and references to the lore as well as them making their own spin to it are appreciated, and the humor is well timed. This is fun. I like this.
I dont understand the Bethesda comment since Todd Howard is one of the executive produser of this series. Or was that some kinda joke ?
I hope Mr.New vegas makes a camio in the next season
i would watch this acting male but i want zero spoilers what so ever, ill come back in a week or 2 when i slowly finish it. love you platonically.
THE RECON ARMOUR!! 10/10
They show a guard at the enclave with a laser rifle I think I’m not sure.
If only halo got the same treatment
Nope, they did spinners on ep 6 on the fooseball table. Unforgivable
I have a friend whose only experience with the Fallout franchise is the Fallout Shelter mobile game, and even that was enough for him to really like the fan service here.
I was BEYOND skeptical, especially seeing how paramount raped Halo in the dirt like its basically said in the vid, but honestly im on board, it was really awesome, it knocked my expectations out of the park
actually finished it today and was left out wanting more
I don't know....this non canon show is just not as good as people think it is.  It's targeted too much towards people who don't play the games. Older fans like me and the majority of Fallout fans are not really going to be into it for obvious reasons.  But to each their own.
The one thing I liked about the show so far is the way the Pipboys looked they looked like the ones in the games hell I only started watching the show because my sister has an account for the thing fall out is on and well I just fought them watching it so far it looks and plays out well like how it’s supposed to be *cough *cough halo show *cough sorry about that
"If retcons and lore consistency are the biggest problems, thats a good problem"  I'm sorry what?
When I first heard about this show like, last year, when pictures of the sets were being leaked, I was so excited. when it finally came out I decided to watch it with my mother who hasn't touched a video game since Mario Bros. for the NES. although I have poured my fair share of guts about the games to her, she walked into this show knowing almost nothing. With her enjoying the show and anticipating the next episode every time, it is safe to say that ANYONE can enjoy this show.
it feels like watching a cartoon, if you've played fallout1/2 and the latest ones, this show's a cartoon. Because writing like that is for children lol.
It's a decent show, I wouldn't say unbelievably good, I wish it were...
Did anyone else question why lucy didn't react to getting her finger sliced off...?
fallout was better then The last of us
Wheres the season 2 halo review
Damn I loved the show so much and just started fallout 4 and this shit is so hard getting started out. Have no idea what I’m doing, have like no ammo either. F
wow the bad takes from act man just dont stop coming
It was SO GOOD, got me playing New Vegas again lol
Shout outs to The Master missing Vaults 4, 31, 32, 33 hiding in plain sight in The Boneyard during his search for pure humans...
lucy reminds me of dodger in co-optional animated admiral biscuit
The shows horrible. Doesn’t follow the games lore at all
When Coop and Lucy find that Ghoul that is turning Feral... You could see the humanity in him slipping away ... Amazing
WAR NEVER CHANGES
makes me cry cuz what could have been with halo
I am sad that the NCR is gone it's just a he BOS that exists. Bethesda loves BOS because they have knights and paladins. It only the NCR had some characters with knights and kings them they would not have gone nuked out of the lore .
9:00 V.A.T.S.
I thought I would hate it based on the majority of shows, and Todd.. Fuck that guy... But, holy shit, it was incredible.
The VATS reference was so fucking good
Why is this age restricted lol
Its not good at all
I was really hoping norm would try the -password three times, back out then go back in.
Man dude girls boys this shit is so fire it's actually just amazing
I think its alright so far but it's probably because I came in expecting something way more serious than what the show actually is. I was one of the people caught off guard by the humor and until I sort of reframed how I approached it it came off as really corny. Definitely has grown on me after the vault 4 episode.
Look, a strong female protagonist that isn’t cringe, never thought they could do it 😂
There was actually a Laser Pistol in the final episode
The Fallout Show Is Unbelievably BAD - fixed
I wish this came out before halo tv show so they could've seen how to really aproach this subject
My favorite character is Lucy. Her overly optimistic and positive attitude is slowly being replaced by a more cynical and downbeat version. I love the difference between her first "okey dokey" and her last one in the final episode. She also has some other very fun quotes, but unlike modern day MCU, the humor doesn't undercut any tension. When she is in the final big confrontation where she learns the truth about her father and mother, she is not making jokes anymore.  The Ghoul and Maximus are also very good and interesting characters that I want to see more of. I also liked Thaddeus and hope we get to see his journey into becoming a ghoul.
Thank you for the spoiler warning your the king actman
"its good because its fallout, if you don't know anything about fallout and don't care about good writing". <- there i summed up your video for you. also you said that vault-tech was using the government to build the vaults but in the show it clearly states the worlds major corporations were backing VaultTech and they had a plan to "wipe the earth clean" of all former government to form the first "true monopoly". So either you got your information from the games and the show has now retconned that. Where is the critic who actually points out the flaws of the show while pointing out the redeemable aspects as well? The actors saved this show from being horrible. but its still not worthy of the title "good".
not gonna lie The Ghoul intro in episode 1 made me an instand fan of the 3 main characters
Love you, man.
Three words: Joshua Graham when?
The bandits at Prime want us to pay 20% more to get shows with ads to play without ads. I really want to see Fallout, but, I reeeally hate bandits. I may well just wait until there is a better option. If I never see it then so be it, missing a few shows won't kill me.
It is messy but very enjoyable.
I've never been happier with a video game adapted TV show than I am with Fallout. I'm so so happy!!!
My favorite part was when Mr Fallout said “it’s Fallout time” and proceeded to fall out all over the place
On laser weapons, not sure if we ever see someone shoot, but the Enclave guards are carrying laser rifles, in the sequence where the scientist is running away with the dog.
Fallout series sucks balls, it was obviously rushed and had awful writing. It's like Amazonis on a mission to ruin any good IP or to do it so slapdash and haphazardly that it's almost guaranteed to fail. Fallout was violent, but not gratuitously unless you turned on Bloody Mess. Everything feels shallow and stupid, a vapid parody of what could be such an interesting setting and set of characters. Can they start over and get a director that knows how to do scifi justice like Villeneuve?
Please tell me he played the Last of Us game before the TV show. Who am I kidding he didn't do either.
It aint my fallout. That's for sure
That final shot on episode 8 makes me wish for a nuclear winter.
i feel like you are the only youtuber that actually watched the show and played the game, good take!
Who even are you anymore? Go back to uploading those lazy, scumbag quality 4 hour gameplays and those lawyer videos with your Messiah complex. You had the perfect formula in 2016-2022 and you screwed it royally.
Oh, so if the halo show is a separate story...that means its not directly canon!?  And its nice to finally have a real... uh, well, Almost a real face to jerrys (from rick&morty) voice, lmao!
Worst scene was the end, Moldovar spent the entire episode explaining everything word for word while Lucy just stared at the camera the whole time
I love you act man
8:07 Okely Dokiley! Golly gee vaulterinos, that radroach had us in a bit of a scibblyjibbly!
"Another settlement needs help. I'll mark it on your map"
Witcher is not a video game based show
The brother wrote memento one of the greatest movies of all time
No one has adequately explained to me how Lucy is not a Mary Sue.
12:27 legit got a bit teary when that happened 😅
I started out great and fell off a cliff at the end. I was very disappointed that they threw out the lore and replaced it with a plot that makes no sense.
My ONLY gripe was not knowing how Moldaver stayed young and alive, but minor
I don't know about "Unbelivably Good," but it's definitely solid.
Lucy spec into charisma and thot lol
I had some issues with it but overall I enjoyed. Already bout to rewatch it
Couldn't ask for more. New vegas happens right before the bombs drop, stated by good howard
Can't enjoy anything with Ron Perlman anymore, guy's a shitbag lunatic.
This is a great example as to why research is SO important when making something for a specific audience.
9:16 one of the guards at the beginning of episode 2 (before the title rolls) is holding a laser rifle. Don’t blame you for missing it because it wasn’t the main part of the frame.
Love the dead rising mall music in the background
Imagine fleeing to vegas hoping to find shelter with mr house and all you find is caesars legion ruling over the mojave iching to crucify a profligate of the old world
The ending gave me goosebumps
I was very skeptical of the show and honestly pretty critical of the first 2-3 episodes but goddamn as that story progresses.the way the story falls into place and they make connections about these characters through Howard, to me it feels so fitting to the games and I’m really exited for season 2
I wish there was a “charge card” reference
It's a lot of neat ideas mixed with some very bad ideas that coalesces into a sylishly pretended but rotted hole with a crummy ending.  Which I guess tracks since that also describes Fallout 3.
I’m so happy that the act man himself praised this show. I’ve seen so many people and channels absolutely hate this show. I was skeptical too, I didn’t enjoy fallout 4 or 76. 3 and nv will always be the best. But I’m so glad I gave this show a shot cause I actually like it. Halo tv show made me not even want to touch this show. Honestly surprised at how much I enjoy it. It’s not perfect, but it’s still good
The Goldeneye background music....Nice!!
"Adaptions"
The retcons everybody is complaining literally arent even retcons. They line up just fine with previous lore, they are not retcons.
The Ghoul is amazing. He steals every scene he's in. If they make a spin off show just about him I'd easily watch it  But, that doesn't mean I dislike any of the other characters. I feel like all the actors play their parts perfectly and I had so many actual LOL moments watching it. And the gore is top notch. If I say "Power Armour and foot" you'll know what I mean 😂😂
One thing I loved about the show is they catch you off guard a number of times by briefly mentioning things that become way important later in the season. Just off-handed remarks that you don't think about, then later realize "This is exactly what they were talking about earlier"
Nice april fool's Joke, Act Ma'am! It's not even in the season anymore.
One thing to note, mulldaver actually does carry an energy pistol when the BOS attack the observatory in the final episode
I need 10:30-10:43 clipped plz, that’s such a vibe for so much more than just Fallout!😂
I’m very quickly hooked. I hope they add more lore for me to learn.
@12:32 that scene gave me chills!
Beware, the shill man is at it again
Russia, Russia (Lay That Missile Down) Lyrics Russia, Russia, lay that missile down Russia, Russia, must you always frown? Don't get tough now, that's enough now Russia, Russia, lay that missile down  Russia, Russia, love that samovar And your blintzes, borscht and caviar And your music, and your dancing Russia, Russia, lay that missile down  We'll compete with you in any sport Be glad to meet with you and have a snort Come to a movie, or a ballgame And listen to Van Cliburn when he plays Tchaikovsky  Russia, Russia, lay that missile down Come and visit us in our home town Have some Wheaties, don't be meanies Russia, Russia, lay that missile down  We'll compete with you in any sport Be glad to meet with you and have a snort Come to a movie, or a ballgame And listen to Van Cliburn when he plays Tchaikovsky  Russia, Russia, lay that missile down Come and visit us in our hometown Have some Wheaties, don't be meanies Russia, Russia, lay that missile down
ppl who disliked this vid only did so because they THINK the show retcons things but really the angy viewers just didnt pay enough attention which i find hilarious
Did anyone else notice that BGS is credited with the production crews? I think they made the end credit scenes :0
The show is so good that even my parents like it, and they're not Fallout fans. I loved infodumpng to them about the things they didn't understand so i could make it make more sense.
Congrats to you Acterman on this videos success!
Act man has been waiting for the day he could bust that checkered jacket out again.   Loved the show, agreed with all his points.
Now we need an Elder Scrolls TV adaptation:)
"what if i do a thumbs up" gave me chills
started the video, then paused it half way through to go check out the show. That was a little over 8 hours ago now. The Wasteland golden rule, was my favorite scene by far. That shit made me laugh so hard I had to pause the show. Man this was the best game adaptation show I have ever seen. Not even the first season of the Witcher was this good.
how did all the all the light bulbs survive the bombs that just ruined the show for me
Babe wake up, the latest goyslop shill campaign just dropped!
It's good because it doesn't run on the creation engine.
Maximus sucks as a character. Also don't really get why Knight Titus was running like a little b*tch from the Yao Guai when apparently one head tap from a fcking 10mm pistol does the job
The show still misses things. A likeable, strong, brave white male character.. a Brotherhood of Steel that is both honorable and not stupid. Oh.. and all the mixed race couples....right
my problem with it is i always would like the live action show adaptation to stay true to it's original source but take a more realistic twist on the matter because it's you know... it's acted out by people... the characters are not believable in that sense in any way shape or form to be honest... their acting is more naive than the acting of the in game characters and that bothers me immensely... I just can't get into it. It's all too corny and cringy in my opinion... It feels like children playing fallout instead of actual adults trying to convince you this is a real world. And for this reason I'm thoroughly disappointed in the show... quite frankly I can not believe I'm in the minority here but I gues that's what modern media has conditioned our expectation level to be... where good enough is amazing.
f
i did notice the lack of energy weapons but in the camera pan showing the enclave lab you can see a guard holding a laser rifle but other than him i didn't see any others
Bro thank you. None of my friends watched it or played fallout and when you said “now it’s just me and you the real fallout fans” & went down all the Easter eggs I felt like I was hanging out with a friend getting hype about the stuff we noticed. Thanks man.
I have never played the games, never had interest, I’m watching the show and I’m having a great time with it, but for how you speak about it, I have a feeling that for fans this is beyond amazing :)
Dude, you used to dog on this kind of stuff, now you're praising it, how the mighty have fallen
Ok can someone tell me what "Essence of Fallout" really means to you, when you say that?
Loved it. The sets are so good, the characters are good, the story has some good twists. Just the perfect blend of references, lore, mystery, comedy & gore. A little faith is restored in tv. Even what they make the diverse female character do is a… bold move. There’s so much they just couldn’t fit in the show which makes me optimistic about the next season.
The writing might be good but it's still woke af.
I fucking love this show. It also makes me so sad how shitty the halo series is.   That being said I have restarted FO4..c you guys in a couple years.
Lmfao didnt this loser clearly get paid to lie positively about another Amazon developed project? An MMO or some nerd shit
Oi, play KCD, seeing as KCD2 trailer just dropped. You’ll love it!
amazing show, only bad things is how it retcons many things
Loved this adaptation of the Fallout Series.  Really wish Halo fans could hold up their TV show adaptation and not be ashamed.
Wow this guy has really jumped the shark. Sad
I'm just glad they didn't add in Johnny Guitar  All my homies hate Johnny Guitar
Much better review than the AJS. You can tell the Act Man has a superior grasp of the Fallout lore.
NOLAN IS THE DIRECTOR.  there is literally no way this could have failed
There’s so much for season 2! Energy weapons, Deathclaws, Fatman launchers, synths and so much more!
Okey-dokey!
::::: My Lord J.ESUS Returns, repent of sin and OBEY the LAW of the Father...   Y..A,,H.. is a egipt DEMON, BEWARE ... (HalleluJAH is a PAGAN word)
It wasn't directly spoken to here, so maybe it was just the chat in another Fallout Critique, but maybe it was passingly ref'd as ..."the things it does wrong," so Maximus. I've seen some speak ill of the character and actor, but I think if you pause to think about what a person would be like after having been so traumatized at a young age and then dropped into the abuses of the Steel Brotherhood. His personality is as expected. The Brotherhood lacks any form of military discipline, esprit de corps, or leadership and is just a mill for sociopaths. Maximus' personality is muted in the extreme and long moments are taken for him to respond to questions as the requirements for organizational zealotry is balanced against a survivor's desire to live. It is well written, on point and because of that the arc of maximus' character is potentially the greatest of all. The interplay between Lucy and Maximus, their budding romance, is the story of the oddest couple. Extremes that compliment and inspire. I could go on, but this makes my point. If someone wants to dare me, I will do a scene-by-scene literary analysis, but be warned, I take no prisoners. ;)
I’ll say the show his unbelievably good buy video game adaptation standards for sure. But I’ll be real, I don’t love the characters at all. Just feel kinda like character tropes very heavy set. I do really love the setting and worldbuilding tho it’s such a cool show in that regard. They got it damn near perfect. And the music is actually just fucking wonderful I love the music so goddamn much. So setting, lore, music, those are all dope. But the characters man, I really feel like the only one with any real depth is the ghoul, and that sucks cuz he’s very trope driven as well.
Grew up playing Fallout, I am so glad they made a show that actually follows the game lore and nails the aesthetic aspect of the game. Highly recommend giving it a watch.
Im one of thosr guys that started playing NV and 4 again lmao  Hell even fucking 76  I know this is cliche, but thos show made me feel like i was younger and playing the games for the first time again, and i loved it...i got emotional when the songs played like "crawl out through the fallout for example i sang along to most like a dumbass lmao.   And like act man said what the show did good easily drowns out what it did badly, and honestly i rarely fucked up.  Lucy is by far my favorite lmao
can we get a fallout 1 review?
i can't believe my actions in New Vegas actually influenced the direction of the lore, and now Shady Sands is a new Boneyard I've never been to boneyard, but my instinct tells me that it's in a terrible state   i feel both proud and mortified of the consequences
we are in a golden age of video game adaptations.
7:40 HELLDIVERS REFERENCED‼️‼️‼️
Nah bruh, this show sucked if you were an old school fan.
This is the same guy who thinks (or was paid to think) that Starfield and Payday 3 is good. 😑
I had a lot of gripes with the show and I feel like I'm the only one who doesn't think this show is a 9+/10!  + Why doesn't the ghoul use the power armor exploit against maximus in the beginning?  +Why doesn't anyone recognize (or more importantly NOT recognize) the "raiders" at the  triennial meeting/trade thing?   +Lucy discovers the raider is not a vault dweller when her rad meter goes off......EVERYONE has pip boys equipped how come none of them got alerted earlier?  +How come maximus doesn't say ANYTHING to his defense about the razor blade in the boot?  +Walton Goggin's flashback stories were so painfully slow paced and boring. +What was the incentive for taking the dad from the vault? I can't count this against the show, I just truly don't remember. +A lot of  the show had so many plot conveniences for the writers. How come everyone in the dead vault wrote cryptic messages in blood. Stuff like "We all know the truth!", "Secrets live in the shadows" nobody wrote "JOHN IS THE MURDERER". Or how cryptic the head raider lady was to Lucy instead of saying "your dad is a monster from 200 years ago" + By the end so few story strands had anything close to a resolution, it made the whole thing feel underwhelming. It doesn't need to wrap the show up, but Maximus story had nothing answered, The brother's story was just left on a cliffhanger, the ghoul didn't find his family, the dad is still alive, the nothing burger antagonist died after a whopping 10 minutes of screen time in the whole show.  Don't get me wrong I loved seeing all of the Fallout stuff on the screen and it was still fun to watch! But as far as game to TV shows go Last of us was still better, Fallout next, Twisted metal last. Feel free to edumacate me!
I saw a guard holding a laser rifle at the beginning of episode 2.  Only energy weapon I spotted though.
6:40 Certified Wild Wasteland moment
People always forget Castlevania make the path for good games live adaptations
Todd is bitter that ge couldn't ever create any original setting or interesting lore. This show is his ultimate revenge against people infinitely more talented thsn him.
This show was so good, it makes Halo look like a piece of garbage.
In my opinion they did really good job in every aspect I love small details for the game and is really good. (⌐■_■)
This show is awesome. I loved it so much. I hope for more seasons.
Fun Fact Ella Purnell (Lucy) has in fact played the fallout games 😄
My biggest complaint is the music actually. I get that putting 40's music over some gruesome apocalyptic scene is the essence of Fallout, but when it happens three times in every goddamn episode, it got pretty exhausting to me.   The 40's music has really good scenes too, like when maximus tries out the power armor for the first time. Just pump the brakes a bit next season, okay?
Anybody else feel like The Ghoul had the “Bloody Mess” perk?? Some of his shots would be regular wounds, then randomly they’d explode someone’s arm completely off.  It’s probably due to different rounds, but man I like the former a lot more
I don't think they were playing "I've been working on the railroad " I'm pretty sure it was the airborne song hell on the risers.   "Gory gory what a helluva way to die."
that scene where maximus is in a bathrobe and...said you want to make my C explode was hilarious !!
I never stopped playing New Vegas
the brotherhood butchered everyone when assaulting observatory, even civilians. yet they hesitated to shoot some cowboy freak who tries to play tough guy, they began emptying their guns on him and not even a single bullet hit the freak. worse yet, he one-shots soldiers in power armor like its a childs play.  i know the ghoul is one of the main characters and he couldnt die there but, this scene was too cliche, too unrealistic.
Thought the show was good, Only lingering question I have is every Character that is over 200Yrs old is explained except the character Maldiver (not sure about spelling) other then that Im not sure what lore people are mad about In New Vegas they show the decline of the NCR how they are stretched too thin... If its Shady Sands that people are upset about well it had a bigger more realized city and then Nuked... so I am wondering what lore it is not consistent with?  I played 3, New Vegas, and 4 and all the DLC Packs and thought the lore still fits in the Universe... but I may be wrong, I did not play 1or 2. glad to see the ghouls need to eat and drink as the one mission where you have the kid in the Refrigerator for 200 years reunite with his family was kinda dumb...lol Thought the show had some better missions and overall was pleased.  Just how is Maldiver alive? they need to explain that.
You can 100% retcon things if the new stuff is better than the old stuff.. Just saying.
The retcon issue has been put to rest, no retcons
Ark, edgerunner the fallout show!!   How did Hali mess up so badly lmao they could've had it in the bag
It is a really good TV show, the best game adaptation we have atm.
That moment when she holds up the NCR flag and the fallout theme plays made me feel something and that rarely happens these days
Spoilers         Just startwd the video but i will say. To anyone bitching about shady sands being nuked, they laready said it happened after fonv the sign they drew up just made it look confusing.
If people don't want Bethesda to f^ the next game, prayers 🤣, because they're 100% going too. Regardless of what it is.
your content turned to shit
LOL no its not.
Lol we really have become a society that will gobble dogsh1t down and say its good just because its a little better than the last slop they served us lmao
At 2:33, the guy with the horns appears to be carrying a laser musket from Fallout 4. I just noticed it when watching this video.
best Video game adaptation idc
I read an article saying that the producers thought being faithful in adaptations was nonsensical and that killed my interest in the show, but if Act Man is this positive, then I gotta check it out.
Slight nitpick but Fallout isnt twenty seven years old its going to be this year in October. I know this because i was born two months after the first game came out
Literally need season 2 RIGHT NOW
I think the Enclave was holding power weapons but we didn't see them fired.
Do a Fallout 3 video!!
Vault-tec = Pfizer
There was one laser pistol held by Moldaver as she slo-mo walked outside just as they were being attacked at the end... never seen it shoot or see any laser shots in the background, but it was definitely a laser pistol.
I would agree with this review, but if I could nitpick a bit more. I feel there was still so much more untapped potential for mystery and intrigue, for example we have a revelation about Vault Tech in the show that I feel like was revealed too soon to feel as big of a deal as if it was drawn out more, and now that we know that about Vault Tech a lot of other mysteries surrounding it won't feel as significant. Also, it was weird how many locations felt like half a block of blown out houses surrounded by miles of untouched desert, they could have just not shown us wideshots of that or digitally added more rubble in the wideshots, it just felt like obvious budget constraints seeing a clutter of homes like half a neighborhood survived but no evidence of any town associated with it for as far as they eye could see. And my biggest nitpick of all, Jesse Plemons wasn't even in the show, just look at his face, he's the IRL vault boy.
I’m just saying, big iron has to play in season two
I doubt people who complain this show changes lore actually played the games, cared about the lore or aren't actually mentally handicapped. Their main point of contention is that the show portrays Vault-Tec as this evil cabal that caused the Great War in order to experiment on people in the vaults and that changes the lore because unlike in the show, the games version of Vault-Tec is an evil cabal that (most likely) caused the Great War in order to experiment on people in the vaults. As you can see, this is very different because.
Man I can't be the only one who just was so happy to see Kyle MacLachlan on the show
You sold me Act Man.  I'm in.  I thought the show looked interesting but hearing this review it definitely looks worth checking out.
Man I swear new Vegas fans don’t even know what they want.like realistically there was no way they would of been able to make all 5 endings of new Vegas canon they obviously were gonna have to pick one eventually, especially since the show takes place like 20 or so years after new Vegas.and I’m assuming they are gonna go with either the Mr house or yes man ending because there’s no way there gonna miss the opportunity to put Mr house in the season based in new Vegas, I just hope there is a joshua graham reference sometime during season 2.
I love the Ghoul. If you can't tell by my Mandalorian pfp I am one for the "gunslinger" archetype but like the Ghoul/Cooper had such good writing and scenes that I couldn't help but be more and more intrigued in his character. Can't wait to see more of his story in S2
I think it shows how great it is when even the haters of the series biggest criticisms seem to be "well in a blackboard in the background of one shot you can see for a few seconds..." or "bethesda made it so it's bad".
I love the twisted metal adaptation and the uncharted movie was ok
I'm glad this show got praises. I was on the same boat as everyone else, excited and skeptical. I've been wanting  Fallout show for a long time (even when I first start playing the games). I hope this show can flourish further and can keep it's consistency (looking at you Westworld)
Patrolling the Mojave almost makes me wish for ActMan to Review the other Fallout games
Honestly couldn’t believe how good it was, but Walton Goggins being cast gave me a good feeling heading in. Lucy is a delight, the Ghoul is living his own western movie, and Matt Barry as Mr Handy bots is as perfect as casting gets.
I had ZERO hope for this show. I thought it was going to be absolute trash but it is FIRE.
Wokeout
Yeah yeah I get it, it is fun to watch and I'll probably pick it up again - I just wish Bethesda had left their Junkyardcore Aesthetic and BoS Fetish on the east coast...
I'm very happy the show isn't bad
The three things that would make me feel like the series is complete in my eyes is I just want to see NCR remnant troops and rangers aswell as more of the Enclave remnant with X-01 power armor and finally the children of atom. Hopefully in season 2
9:18 you see a few characters holding laser rifles but non of them ever get fired
It's no surprise that someone who was paid to promote Payday 3 and praised Starfield when it was released would also speak positively about the show.
Surprisingly angry joe is the only one who doesn't like the show😭☠️
i clapped when she activated her pipboyflashlight including the " Dong" sound :)
Finally a sane opinion from one of my go-to critics. After watching AJS get several things wrong and just crapping on it while everyone is praising it in the comments, I thought I was losing my mind.
I was watching this with my fiancee last night. I’ve never played lol but she has I know I know I just downloaded it. But as we were watching it I was hit with a realization and just yelled “Fuck” she asked what’s wrong and I said “The Borderlands movie is gonna blow” I believe that video game adaptations should always be shows to really capture what makes them special.
I actually got goosebumps when she held up the flag and the music played.
Thankfully it doesn’t retcon anything
Apparently according to Todd, Shady Sands was destroyed after New Vegas which basically is just saying what you did was pointless... Apparently
I was talking so much shit about this show because of how game adaptations have burned recently, and I COULD NOT be happier about being proven wrong. This show is a damn 10/10 to me.
Let's ignore the they/them pronouns moment. Really inmersive
Mmm yes helldivers 2 jumpscare
Any gentle soul could tell me what song is playing in the conclusion section? 🙂
I would have thought it needed to have pronouns in the intro for act ma'am to like it.
"This video doesn't have a sponsor"... yeah, neither did the Starfield one, right? 😂😂😂😂😂
Really hurts me knowing how crappy the halo show is and the potential and the hype or surge the halos games would’ve received if it was just a good show.
Wow a happy and content Act Man, miracels do happen :D
Lol no
human emotions = s3x yeah dude fck yeah bruh
First time watching I was just anxiously hoping not to be disappointed. I wasn’t. I was then able to enjoy it properly, and now I can’t get the show out of my mind.
Yeah cool. If the next video isn’t something about red dead 2 I’ll personally drive to Seattle and steal your crockpot.
The fallout show came out at the perfect time, as the trailer for Borderlands was so bad, it’s nice to see a good wasteland video game adaptation is possible.
It also feels incredibly relatable to the game. After Lucy gets out of the supermarket, she has like improv leather armor she's put on over her vault suit. It also feels like a lot of the plot is directly like a quest in the game.   PS in the flashback scene for the guy with the dog, some of the guards at the facility he works at have laser rifles.
I watched reviews of the show it's a piece of shit it discards lore , and is cannon so I boycotted Bethesda I am nenever buying a f=game by them that means obsidian too which is a very possed corporation. It's a win for me third company I boycotted this week I boycotted bethesda, obsidian, and games workshop for introduced female cudtodes gaslit their fans then blocked them for questioning.
A lot of the sound effects are EXACTLY the same as the game. The stimpaks, power armor, and Pip-boy sounds are literally straight from the games.
Best parts: > attacks dogs master, dog attacks attacker, attacker heals dog, dog helps attacker find master Brilliant  > dude shoots whole magazine at vault snob waifu and her basketball friend standing right in front of him, not moving >doesn't hit once >"Woah I can't hit anything without a scope" Haha?  > Red Skull appears behind squad of paladines and their goblins just after they were in combat and are still breaching deeper into the building > has a fскиg monolog, while the soldiers just look at him and listen > annihilates the squad  The show puts me off. It's a wild wasteland movie that is just goofy. There are just some interesting parts about the lore. It belongs to the new Star Wars movies and Legend of Korra
The NCR is dead, Long live the Brotherhood, AD VICTORIUM
In the Mr House cameo, the character representing Big Mt is listed as Fredrick Sinclair
I thought it sucked when I watched it and this didn’t change my mind
Damn it I couldn't stop the video in time for the spoilers. Now I know about the cameo... FUCK
My dad asked me is that show worth watching and I said definitely. I’ll explain anything you need explained 😂
I cant believe that people keep saying its good. The acting and directing is hot garbage. One of the cheesiest shows ive seen in a long time. First episode a chick gets a fork stabbed into her eye and she goes full rambo and then survives like nothing happened?? The action scenes look straight outta the 80’s
A lot and i mean a lot of shows suck at showing passed and present but the fallout show did it perfect
There was some cell rifles
Lol relax this show is ok at best.
Halo must be and has to be lore/canon
Now i gotta watch the show. I was pretty skeptical because of halo, and the witcher. But im actually pretty excited now.
I’m playing fallout 4 now because of the show
Fallout show is so good
Anybody notice how the protagonist are female and black? So people can quit pulling the sexist and racist card, the other shows are just trash
I finished a playthrough of Fallout 1 recently, and because of the show I now want to play it again hahahahha
Ah yes, accurate Fallout lore. Represented by: Watching the nuclear blast go off with no eye damage Seeing the sun for the first time with no eye damage Pipboy WIFI and GPS tracker function Voice implants. Plus weird metal plate cheek implant. Guaranteed infection within a day, giving the living conditions LED light bulbs in the Vault Pipboy battery remaining bar. Gotta keep track of how many hundreds of years left in it! Limb attachment surgery without consequences! You just gotta LAZER it and you are good as new! Limb replacement tools that chew on your limb and you are good to go. No sterilisation, fully automated Magic tool to search for people by their radiation trail Power armor being able to fly as a rocket. Not a few meters, no. LIKE a rocket Non functional power armor HUD ripped straight out of the game  Let's keep it real, this shows scenario is real sloppy. Starting from "Im gonna search for my dad" Bethesda crap. Main characters keep bumping into each other (how convient! now the plot may advance), switching scenes from desert to a lush forest in an instant. Characters barely take care of their needs, Lucy can walk on for hours under baking sun with her had uncovered. Its basically Marvel, but 18+. Just rewatch the lake\river scene with Maximus, where a giant water lizard (whatever, new creature!) tries to eat his square. They play jazz over it, like its some funny scene and NOT a death threat. This show just tumbles into lore, making up convient "solutions" to eliminate issues the characters have. They might as well just follow the quest marker. I can't belive somebody can call this show "unbelievably good" when Maximus casually sells his teeth behind the screen to afford repairs. I mean woah, the postapocalyptic dentist isnt so interesting and wont elaborate on the state of the world. We already showed you an iguana on the stick. Remember it? Just like in the game!  Oh and WHY THE HELL in ep. 6 Luci fails to explain Maximus what she saw in the Vault 4? The whole blood cult thing? Wouldnt that be a convincing argument on the spot, giving the urgency? That's so stupid.
Loved this show! Watched it Twice through this weekend 😁
The intro was such a solid character creator reference. Also, my gf isn't a gamer, has never played fallout or heard of it, she loves the show
act maam sees a good female actrees. "omg its unbelievable show. its not. its really good . strong 8/10. nothing more.
@8:15 Just realized her telling the Ghoul to stand down was just a failed speech-check that we all attempt at a low level 😂
The guy who shot me in the head wore a suit just like that, Actman....hmmmmmmmm
The benny suit goes hard bro
Did anyone notice that the code that Lucy’s father put in was the release date of the first fallout game, love this show
12:15 not just that, but when maxis gets the armor he does the same thing not too much later ☠️
As a fan of Fallout I loved this show, I'm really surprised so many people have bad things to say about it.
Anybody else been listening to all the music they use for the show and games this week?
I dont watch many full series of a show, last one I watched was TLOU. And like TLOU I thought that 8 episodes werent enough to cram " everything" in there. Developing three plots by side takes time, without knowledge of the game alot of background information about Fallout goes under. Like TLOU I liked it, it could have eneded worse regarding  other mishandled adaptations. Unlike TLOU, the Fallout franchise is wacky wild west which grants alot more freedom for story, writing and funny moments. The " message" isnt strong and theres some good charactere development. Would have liked a whole series about NewVegas but that would probably take 5 seasons for the base content only and Bethesda probably doesnt want anything to do with that. The desert scenes in the series reminded me of NewVegas so much :)
You could make an entire series of videos about all the bad takes about this show, it's insane how illiterate the die-hard Fallout community is.
I had low expectations but got damn did the show deliver
Thelat fuckin suit
They showed laser weapons but never used them
Yup, brilliant series! My fiance hasn't played it but after watching it has been going through lore video after lore video.
Until i re watched the series, I didnt notice that the out-tro for the episode is s muted preview of the nrxt episode.. very cool
I feel like all you got to do with fallout is get the world right. Your not the same character every game, the story always changes and is in a different location. Get the world right, get the factions right, and you can tell whatever story you want. And I really enjoyed this series.  My wife who knows nothing about fallout also loved the show.
Patrolling the Youtube videos about how goooood the series is almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter.
At the end of the last ep i was literally jumping on my couch 😂 im so excited for season 2
My only complaint with the show was I couldn't help but laugh during the super serious Vault tec flash back when someone says "war never changes". But it could have been intentional to put the meme line in literally the big reveal scene. Genius writing
got the RDR2 Lenny mission music🤌🏻🤌🏻🤌🏻
So strange. If you asked me 10 years ago, what would likely be adapted into a an easy slam dunk and GREAT TV show and what would be REALLLLY hard to adapt into a good tv show, I would have literally said Halo would be easy to adapt pretty straight forward, its simple enough, and I would have said someone would probably fuck up trying to make a fallout show as THERES SO MUCH GET RIGHT AND WRONG, I would have put money fallout would be a cheap cash grab. But here we are and Im straight flabbergasted. Halo turned out like garbage and fallout came out like an immaculate love letter to the series that adds so much, is so enjoyable and FUNNNY AS HELL, and overall great.
The fallout show has 16 times the detail
When its a show you can recommend to your never-gamed-ever parents... you know its hit a home run. Bravo!
There you go act boy, here's everything wrong with the TV show :  -Making the BOS some tech cult WH40k style -Making the area around the noneyard a shitty wasteland, when even during fallout 2 the place had some rebuilding done. -Making ghouls magic zombies that doesn't need to eat and regenerate wounds -Making the enclave that was fully wiped out west coast not wiped out -Making vault tech some mega corp engulfing everything in it wake rather than a "oh shit" puppet company made by west tek top brass & whatnot -Making Mr. House in on vault tech's plan, making the initial story of new vegas an impossibility -Making vault tech the instigater of the end of the world rather than military tension because "capitalism never changes" is a better punchline than "war never changes" i guess?  And that's only the major fuck ups, i could add the less outrageous things too, such as "fall of shady sands" in 2277 with nothing but this very statement to back it up, or the power armor flying like an iron man suit for some reason, but if i go nitpicking i'll be there forever
The thing I do hate about this is the changes to the lore regarding the start of the nuclear war.  It became a slop capitalism bad, CEO bad, rich people bad but socialism good message
The enclave was rocking laser rifles, but we don't see them used yet
Oh no.. you liked something the usual trolls, sexists, racists and NV stans didnt like. You must be wrong it can't be good. How dare you!!?!! Unsubscribed, ignored and canceled !!!! /s.
Last of us and fallout bringing hope more video game shows will do good hopefully and not pull a halo
Something I really appreciate of the show is the visual storytelling of corpses and environments that's actually very similar to what the games do. I loved it.
for people crying about the lore of new vegas its safe, the show takes place after the events of new vegas but i would say more but its spoiler territory and it would help my argument on why its not retcon
If you see at 2:35 you can see a man caring a laser masket <3
Y'all gotta relax it was a 7/10
9:15 There is a laser rifle seen with an Enclave soldier when the doctor is escaping the facility.
It's so good
what i was disppointed in is no eyebots and protectrons they were everywhere and now you only see a codsworth
This show turned out MUCH better than I thought it would. There's only ONE negative I have to say about this show. They didn't play the "Butcher Pete" song! Lol
Ok, unbelievably good? That's a bit of a stretch. It's decent, like a 7/10. It's not ruined by too much of woke shit, but maybe that's why u think its that good, cause everything else is. Its a fairly good adaptation of source material, with likable cast, but it doesn't blow me out of the water.
I thought all of the acting was really good, like… surprisingly so. The show is immaculate imo. 10/10
I've only consumed snippets of fallout content over my years of being a gamer(mostly memes and funny bugs) and the show truly got me invested in dedicating to it, so im now sure what game to try first, i have new vegas and 3 in my epic library just from free epic gifts, so, what whould i try first? and what do i need in order to enjoy them? I've heard they crash even before you open the games lmao
You are wrong. Objectively. Bought & Paid for.   Funk you for lying and selling out. You used to be someone. Give up.
Ayy goldeneye music
6:50 😂
the way you talk about it, it seems like this was made for the fans rather than to attract people who dont know the franchise. thats probably why it feels so good
I didn't play the games cause I didn't understand the niche with it but after watching this show I get it now
One of the shows that I actually thought it was gonna fail and I did not have any expectations and man my mind was blown it wasnt the greatest show ive ever seen but it was way better than I ever expected I love Lucy and the reason why I was skeptical about it was I thought it was gonna be like disney or marvel show that has Female Protagonist but she was great, I was never a big fan of Fallout the only game I played was Fallout 4 and I stopped midway of it not the biggest fan of rpg but I just bought fallout 3, Fallout new Vegas, and Fallout 4 😂
My husband loves this show
thanks for blowing out my eardrums
it's mediocre at best
This shit is soyslop
Practical power armor let's fuckin GOOOOOO!!
But is it as good as payday 3?
i installed F04 after watching the show, i played for a few hours till i remember FO4 sucks!.....back to New Vegas!
You can tell the directors appreciated the work they were developing and actually care for the property
Loving it so far. It’s absolutely well done represents what the player goes through when they play the first time. Also the commentary on the show is spot on.
@9:16 I did see a vault dweller hold a plasma rifle in vault 4 but it was never shown being used
It surprised me that the show was good.
9:17 Moldaver has a Laser Pistol when the Brotherhood attack
I was waiting for this 😂
7:43 I laughed during series when I heard democracy… 😂
I wish Matthew Perry could see the series. He could of played this himself
Yea na, this show is mediocre at best. All the characters were written by like the game of thrones dudes who were just rushing to tell one specific plot point. Fallout is about choice and consequence but then this show tried to set up clear winners. Bos? All pussies, none have any honor. Ghoul guy? Sold as an anti hero but with ZERO redeeming qualities and just ends up looking like a dick for no reason.   Lucy is the self insert pc and probably the best character to view the show from. That is until the ending when she makes a complete 180 because a raider queen said a random ass ghoul with a random ass pedant they flash back to IN THE SAME SCENE was her mom. Like could that have gotten anymore contrived? Oh wait maximus is here to save the day. Oh no wait he just lied to Lucy and softballed his treachery to her?  So ofc she's still on his side after he lies to her about how he got the armor. Dude wasn't threatening max until AFTER Titus was getting ignored by max.  Oh and then the ghoul comes in and goes wheres my family to the guy who's been stuck in cryo intermittently for 200 years and who he says himself was an assistant at the time he met hank.. and not THE BITCH HES HAD A PROBLEM WITH THE WHOLE SHOW?! Like where did maldhoe go that ghoul just missed her on the way in? What? Checked out from the poor writing at the end so idk how commie mald left the scene.   Also the ending advocates for communism, uh oh stinky.  and even if it ONLY potentially soft retconned fallout 2 and nv, the producer definitely wanted to stir the pot with the shady sands crater at the end.   Overall it looks great and still feels like fallout but the writing knocked my nostalgia goggles off and made me realize how ham fisted alot of the plots were. I really like it in the beginning though.
6:40 I'm gonna be honest that is absolutely a fallout thing to do for shits and giggles.
Ain’t it weird how established lore can be disgraced/disregarded and communist (woke/DEI) themes can be shoved down people’s throats and they won’t complain as long as the process was fun?  C’mon Star Wars, you can claim men are weak, Whites are evil, capitalism was a mistake, and Act man and coonumers will eat it up! Just got to make it fun.
One eyed Jerry Smith calling Lucy, Goosey had me absolutely dying. I love that scene.  Also fallout New Vegas is on sale for 2.49 on steam. Been looking at it for a week now. Might as well just buy it 🤣
I love the Benny cosplay
7:00 look man, I'm just autistic
So... idk ActMan Seeing as your re entering the world of NV.... Wanna bring us along for the ride?   After all...how lucky can one guy be
Actman, what? the point you made about retcons and timelines is incredibly disingenuous. If the Halo TV show confirmed itself to be canon, and did exactly what it did, I know for a fact you, me, and everyone else would berate it ever more BECAUSE it was now canon, and not in it's own timeline. Being in it's own timeline is good because it doesn't effect the 'real' canon, meanwhile Fallout's canon is completely butchered because of Fallout 4/76 and now this show.   Having retcons is NOT a good problem to have because continuity is extremely important for your universe, please don't be one of these people that shill this show and say it's good, take the time to actually look at the details first, it's genuinely terrible.
My favorite aspect of this was the world building and how they gave that info. They showed you instead of telling you what was going on. The comedy was funny nothing was cringe imo
My wife who never plays video games lives this show and is watching it over again and wants to play the games now
What was the experiment in the Fallout 3 vault?
i hope amazon prime get an incentive from fallout series to do henry cavil's 40k series justice
W video as always Mr.Acting male
Idk how New Vegas fans are saying this is a retcon when Mr. House himself shows up there
Fallout 76 has had more people playing it on steam than war thunder this week.. let that sink in.
The show is definitely not perfect, but there isn’t one fuckin thing that stood out of place in my mind. In the words of the Immortal Charlie, “Every frame just oozes Fallout”
Oh fock. It's barbie all over again.
The Fallout 4 music when she saw the flag got me...chef's kiss.
You know what, I've come to conclusion. The New Vegas Stans who probably treat the Fallout Bible and Fo1,2 and New Vegas Survival guides and lore like they're are holy texts, they have the mental capacity of a 4 year old. They will find anything to nit pick and give the show a 1/10 rating for that minor nit pick, never mind the Shady Sands moving to LA. Honestly they are on drip fed copium.   I've encountered at least 10 of them over the course of a week, and that's 10 too many. Appreciate that the Fallout community is eating well right now after all the lore is literally the latest in the lore timeline. And better yet Bethesda has confirmed NV is canon and the fall of shady sands isn't the nuke but the slow collapse of NCR.
The last song in the last episode plays “We Three” and it’s literally the 3 main characters! I love this show so much
there are 4 protagonists, norm is also a protagonist
I LOVEEEE THE SHOW !!!
It's okay.  I wouldn't go so far as "unbelievably good" though.
My only Criticism is that the New Vegas section of Fallout’s Continuity being completely Nuked just so Bethesda doesn’t have to actually address having to actually pick any chronological narrative choices & endings effectively rendering everything that happens up to the events of the show & New Vegas character completely mute.   Because no matter what happens the shows main villain always shows up to *NUKE* all of the cities that were featured in New Vegas & every single character in the New Vegas game getting wiped out along with them so their narrative significance doesn’t narratively constrain them into having to actually address their characters loose storyline’s & plot threads in any future projects.
It was fuckinh garbage is what it was  For so many reasons that only a moron would fail to see  1 Moldaver starting off as a raider then somehow ending up as the leader of the NCR  2 the BS and inconsistent ghoul huff juice to prevent feral state. For cowboy ghoul not getting the juice caused dehabiliating coughing fits and immobilization when it didnt have the same effect on Roger or Martha. Ignoring the fact that the ghoul juice isnt in the lore at all  3 the ghoul-boy can shoot through power armor through a nice little trick thats just plain BS but he didnt use it on maximus when they fought   Theres more but i cfb now
This show missed a crucial detail they changed the dates so lore doesn’t add up and another thing why the fuck is new Vegas destroyed if the house ending was canon that’s some bs cause new Vegas would not have fell that easily there was a literal army of killer robots with heavy weaponry you could take down one but a whole army? Yeah this show is confusing and I just don’t like the way the lore retconn went but before you get mad the acting is great the direction great the plot I’m a bit weary on that but yeah, overall the show is definitely in my opinion 10/10 they did an amazing job at capturing the fallout aesthetic and setting. But I’m still pissed about new Vegas but I’ll watch season 2 when It releases
It is a good show. Now...Dont screw it up!
What a cool show that respects it's lore and it's fans. Would be cool for Halo to get a TV show too!
Now give the same people Halo to actually do it properly, actually care about it and pay homage to the games.
I loved the checking the headless body with just the wanted picture of the head. "that's definitely him"
My favorite character was the ghoul / Cooper he was really the only character in the show with a unique gun that wasn't in the game I think plus he's just a badass Wasteland cowboy
Dont go woke, and you will do well
Her straight up asking him if he wants casual sus time fuckin sent me to the moon, I was dying so hard you have no idea
I wish you focused on the last seconds of the last episode.
5:04 Instantly recognized the voice as Jerry from Rick and Morty! Gulpers are humans WTF!? What is that substance that Coop takes, have i missed it in the games?
It’s a great show but shoddy fallout imo it’s such a damn good show though and I can’t wait to see people get more excited for fallout
Love that shit ❤
ella purnell is so hot
Wait, so you mean the show was actually fully functional at launch?! That's crazy.
I guess the plot making no sense did not bother anyone but me?
Why the fuck couldn't the Halo series be half as good as this? God fucking damnit.
The radio operator scene was a callback to all the hate that tune he plays got in fallout 4. It's the never ending Minutemen radio freedom music.
12:00 wow, I completely missed that the first time through, that's hilarious 😂
"Is it your thumb? Or mine?"
LOOK WHST THEY DID TO MY BOY NCR
War.....war never changes 😶‍🌫
I love the comment section of Critical Drinker crying about "The Message". Even though he liked it a small percentage of his viewers cried about a female lead and a trans actor lmao.
So what this proves is that video game adaptations work best as TV shows, not movies.
*spoiler* . . . . . . . . . . NEW VEGAS IS CANON!!!!!!!!
no liking new vegas does not mean youre a "real" fan
I love TheActMan content, but for the first time I really noticed the reflection of the monitor on his glasses and I find it very distracting. Maybe it is just me and nobody cares. I think it is better when we can clearly see the eyes of the host of the show.
Nothing to add to the commentary, but shoutout for the background music of doc mitchells house, and golden eye 007 music. Iconic
Moldaver had a laser pistol in the last battle.
It will be so troll if i recommand genshin impact reaction content in this channel and my man actually commit to it😊
Spoiler Alert:  Fallout TV series is pure garbage. The writing is lazy, the characters are flat, God shows up too many times, overall hot steaming pile of rubbish.  Lets start with the main character Lucy MacLean. She is not a subject in the plot, but an object. She’s been pushed, kicking and screaming, through the plot. She did not solve any, and I mean any, problem placed before her. And the way problems are solved is extremely lazy. She is supposed to walk 20miles over desert, with a guy who cannot walk. How will she solve that problem, what ingenious solution to her problem will she come up with? Well, nothing really. God decides to get involved and the guy who cannot walk, but has been trying to walk, decides that after all he can kill himself and then Lucy can cut his head off, and carry it across the desert. Like, what? Where did that come from? Excellent, love me some God in writing.  And Maximus, his character is only a touch better than Lucy MacLean, since he did not get everything from God, only the most important thing he needs, the armour. He got many other things from God, but armour is probably the most annoying. How did he get armour? Did he steal it? Did he fight for it? Nope. God in body of an radioactive bear gave him the amour. Excellent, love me some God in writing.  The only character who is actually a character, Ghoul. Only Ghoul is solving problems actively. I wish we did not waste our time on Lucy and Maximus and went straight to Ghoul, that would have been great. Ghoul does some stupid and irrational stuff, but we can look through that, because he is a friggin Ghoul. We are shown that his time is running out and that he needs to recharge, and instead of God giving him what he needs, as he did to Lucy and Maximus, Ghoul decides to trade Lucy for the stuff he needs.   Anyhow, really bad TV show. If it was Ghoul show, it would have been really good
The last of us show is awful compared to the game! Fallout however is great!!
Easily one of the best shows that came out in a long time. The Fallout universe was done justice, the main trio of characters were very cool additions to Fallout, they were played well by talented actors. There was no unnecessary bullshit added to make it “appeal to modern audiences” and i cant wait for season 2.
please say adaptation instead of "adaption" lol
I’m so glad when shows/movies pay respect to the games. They’re successful for a reason and much of that success and charm is inherent to the property. It crushed my heart when show runners think they need to change what something is to chase the ‘broadest’ audience. If it good people will come no matter how nerdy it is.
its crazy how when you follow the source material its good. the concept is so hard to understand for some reason
Only showing of laser weapons that i noticed, were the guards at the lab when the good doctor escaped
When you mentioned people who weren't gamers...  My mom was actually talking to me about this show yesterday LOL!
Still salty about halo as well dude. 😢
Looks like someone got that nuclear winter it just happened to be the capital….
I hate hearing "adaption". It's not a word. It's "adapTAtion". There's an extra syllable.
monster white spotted in lower right corner
I think the biggest issue anyone has with the series is Bethesda's unwillingness to move the franchise beyond "radioactive apocalypse", but then again, if it ain't broke, why fix it?
I saw the Helldivers shit coming ngl ts was beautiful 😂
some guards had energy weapos but we didnt see them get shot. season 2 hopefully see more in New vegas
I only saw the laser pistol being used by Moldaver, but not more energy weapons besides that.
At the end, when the father of the girl  escapes you can see a cranium of a death claw. I thought a death claw would appear on the last episode of the season, but that was fair too.
The writing, the atmosphere, the nods and subtle things like how the squires of BOS carry all that stuff, thats what you do to your companions m, the lug around all you stuff 😂
Have they incorporated VATS at all into show? I just thought about it and haven't noticed.
Who knew a nuclear wasteland could be so entertaining? The Fallout Show is a blast!
It was very pro communist, other than that good show.
I was turned away from the series after the first episode but after watching your video, I realized that it's a gatekeeper episode. I'm gonna go watch the rest and see what happens.
It’s definitely Bethesda fallout, which isn’t really my favorite, but it’s definitely not bad
Show is incredibly mid not bad but nothing special played it's cards to early and changing the fuckin cannon is a Little bit retarded
I guess I am alone at being annoyed at every character being a degenerate lunatic. I don’t like 90% of conversations and Maximus character feels written by AI, doesn’t feel like a real person at all. Lore changes don’t make the world feel deeper or more immersive so I wonder why they were implemented. Main protagonist is fine and productions value are great but that’s about the only two things I liked about it. Seriously don’t get all the praises apart from not looking ass like the Halo tv show
I played and finished every Fallout (1,2,Tactics,3,New Vegas,4,76) even cancelled “Van Buren” from original studio and I really love this show. They done it right with respect to the source. Was really cool to see “pre-war” world with all that retro futuristic tech.
This is how One Piece fans felt when Netflix finally released a good anime adaptation
This is a perfect example of how to stay true to the lore, take notes Netflix. Since you screwed The Witcher in so many ways..(Justice for Fringilla Vigo!)
Season 1 is Wizard of Oz. Almost tired of pointing that out. Almost.
My boss / Dad's best friend / Uncle figure, has watched and loved the show. He never played the games and isn't a gamer at all. That's  awesome when a faithfully adapted video game show gets non gamers into the franchise.
Man I gotta play New Vegas now
Yes, its a cool serie, im waiting for session 2, and VOX MACHINA SESSION 3 PLEASE
I mean there was a “he’s behind me isn’t he” joke just without that line with the cave scene in episode 2. Just instead of that line it was something more realistic someone would say in that situation.
There was one laser weapon, but it never gets fired on screen I don't think.. The leader of the last group carries a laser rifle out to battle as things heat up.
*I couldn't pay attention because I was dancing to the Goldeneye Theme Music*
Maybe weird for some but actually started playing fallout 76 this week because of hype from the show. Maybe Actman should do a revision of it because I was pleasantly surprised by it. Greedy microtransactions aside it is somewhat good now. Community is not toxic so far and very helpful. Lots of missions and stuff to do. Recommend it to all fans
Now Todd Howard will make a Skyrim show and rerelease it on every streaming platform!
There was a laser gun during the final episode!
Fuck it. I'll get Prime for a month just to binge this.
I’ve heard people I’d never expect talking about being fallout fans. This is cool. The games are awesome and one of my favorite series. I hope the games get remastered.  If you’re a new fan you have to play 3 and NV! 76 and 4 is ok but you should really get into the older games too😊
Watched 8 ep lol so damn so good it was a interesting and sad experience I never imagined they make an official fallout web series I would rate this a 9.5 / 10
Its playing pretty fast and loose with the lore  The brotherhood expects its people to take on dangerous missions but they didn't treat them as disposable   Not to mention the whole NCR/Legion war that isn't even mentioned.
SELL OUT
Here before all the NV fanboys come screaming how the show butchered the lore.
The fallout show is canon and there are references to the location and characters of the show in just about every fallout game. The writers did a perfect job with just making a story within the existing fallout universe that stands on it's own. It's like a whole new fallout game, which is literally what Nolan wanted (he's a big fallout fan).  You can count on one hand the amount of accurate video game-to-live-action adaptions, it's amazing how the entire industry is so surprised every time, lol. All it takes are creators that are fans of the franchise and allow them to be creative and explore within an already existing universe. The movie industry needs to stop allowing turd-burglar execs pretending to be geeks, write and direct content. It never goes well.
Just started playing Fallout 3 again, after that i'm off to New Vegas, before i end up in the Commonwealth.
First Halo is a masterpiece and then fallout comes out and is really good. Thankgod for these game tv shows
Having played Fallout 3 more than ten years ago, seeing some scenes from the show makes me want to ACTUALLY watch it.
Energy weapons were carried by guards but not used . Also , it still is consistent with Fallout lore since they are supposed to be rarer than their ballistic counterpart.
i bet someone almost poke a hole to the screen when they show the last frame
Patrolling the Mojave almost makes you wish for another “The Fallout Show is unbelivelably GOOD” by the Act Man.
My favorite thing was basicly everything
Redconing the lore of Fallout is realy cool.......
the only thing that was fucked was the uncanny valley creepy looking character from the 1st and last episode. man I couldn't look at these scenes, something was very wrong with this guy (the one who took razor blade to the foot)
It’s crazy to think that If you told me a year ago that there was gonna be a Fallout show I would have looked at you and said “Well…. That’s dumb” but it actually turned out to be one of the best Video Game to Screen adaptations we’ve ever seen. Take note Capcom and Resident Evil cause this is how you do it, Resident Evil is one of my most favorite game series ever and every show/movie ever made with the RE title always sucks major fucking ass man and it’s always so goddamn disappointing every time. Anyways I’m not the biggest Fallout guy and even I can tell this has love in it. 💙
rare bethesda W , show is good
I still want to know how Betty got vault 32 all cleaned up like nothing happened… like hooooow and who cleaned that allllll up?
Vegas is not cannon -- because todd hates it. Timeline gets buthered in series just for this game.
it was so refreshing actually getting to watch a good show. My god it's felt like such a long time I could not stop telling poeple get prime and watch 8 hours of great entertainment. imo show is a 9/10 its not perfect but it sure is close.
This is how I hope they make bioshock I hope they watched fallout and took notes.
I went to the Fallout early premiere in Sydney and man the first two episodes they showed us I was already hooked. I'm so so so happy
Enjoyed the show but hated how they explained the reason behind the war.  So stupid and cliche.
Jesus, this show was amazing, binged the whole show in one sitting, because of everything you mentioned. The show surprised me, I thought it would be a lazy adaptation for moneys sake. Boy was I wrong, fortunately. I can't wait for season 2, especially because of that last shot in season 1. It's gonna be awesome
Here's something I don't think very many people have considered. _What if_ the Fallout TV show is doing the _exact_ same thing that the Halo TV show is doing, but they're doing it _right?_  I see a lot of people talking about how this show is retconning things, and saying that Todd Howard saying the show is canon means... Well, they're saying that means a _slew_ of different things, but, two questions. 1) What, exactly, is it retconning? 2) What if he's right?  To clarify 1, the main thing I hear people say that it's retconning is the whole Fall of Shady Sands in 2277 thing. In New Vegas, which _canonically_ takes place in 2081, there is _plenty_ of talk of how the NCR is on the decline. I think even Ulysses has a line in Lonesome Road about the Bear eating itself from within due to the corruption and what-not. _Canonically,_ the Second Battle of Hoover Dam is in 2082, so what if Maximus's flashback takes place in 2283? While, sure, news about it _could have_ travelled to the Commonwealth for Fallout 4 which begins (again) in 2287, what _purpose_ would it serve to inform people who know _diddly dick_ about the NCR and its woes? The Brotherhood had other things to worry about, and that's _assuming_ the chapters were even in contact.  As for question 2, _what if_ the show - which the majority of it takes place in 2297 - is canon to _its own history?_ It uses the games' stories and lore as a springboard, but at _certain points_ there are forks in the timeline where certain events happened, and other events _didn't_ happen? Fallout 5, the game, _could_ come out and take place during the same time period _and_ region and have _none_ of the show's story beats.  I dunno. I enjoyed the show. I thought it was well done, well acted, well written, and well paced. It's a great example of what happens when video game adaptations are done _right._ I'll admit, after what I _heard of_ Halo, I was skeptical, but I'm glad that for once such pause was unwarranted. Bethesda _has_ had a couple misses of late (Redfall and...), _including_ in the Fallout series (... 76, anyone?), but this... This I enjoyed. _As I did_ *parts* of Starfield (now make that pie whole, Todd!). I'm _damn excited_ for Season 2 when it finally comes out. :D
The guards in the science place carry laser rifles so technically we saw one but it wasn't used sadly.
Halo TV ADAPTATION is peak, kwan payoff is fire. Fallout was incredible, clean up minor plot flaws n u have gold
Im ready for the courier to show up in season 2 decked out in riot armor 😂
Bro I watched this show with my mom, who does not play video games at all, and she *loves* it. I gave her context behind a lot of things as we watched, like explaining stimpaks, fusion cores, and ghouls, but other than that a lot of things were just pick up and go.  The old songs are the icing on the cake for her.
New Vegas canon was not damaged by the show. People were wrong. It got confirmed yesterday.
Max is literally 11 years old me willing to die in The Glow for a chance to get my own power armor
It's almost like following the story that made you famous works. Halo take some fuckin notes.
Visually, show is great. Everything else is mid at best imo. But I am no fan of Bethesda's Fallouts (except for FNV) so I rly don't care for all the fanservice (even tho I know it) and it seem like too many ppl is huffing that fanservice copium.
Fallout? More like Soylout.
It was a good show, and i really enjoyed it (especially the last episode) but i understand why hardcore fans are upset with the lore changes. They even changed the location of a city. Still, i loved it.
During the enclave seen before the doctor ran away one of the soldiers had a laser rifle
My cock exploded watching this show
Is this show still canon if Shady Sands is (or was) in a completely different spot on the map? I really liked the show, but I really wish it wasn't canon, as it creates a lot of issues with Fallout 1 & 2.
I love your suit so cool brother Benny was such a great character
that hd2 skit got me lol
Can we get a modded New Vegas Playthrough?
Uhh the show recons new vegas. For you dummies that don't know shady sands is the capital of NCR. If it got destroyed, then how the heck did Kimbal arrive in a VERTABIRD to give his speech at the Hover Dam. Bad take.
So when you take Bethesda out of the development you get a good product. Noted.
Another Criticism is the couple plot holes in the show.
How much did Bethesda pay you to lie for 15 minutes +?
It’s awesome to see all of the praise fallout is getting, I really really want to see the show.
The idea that Vault tec dropped the bombs completely ruins one of the main themes of Fallout and just tuens it into "muh evil capitalism is bad."
deadrising 2 soundtrack goes crazy
Sad Halo noises
"Only you could lose money on a casino" then you realize who he's talking to.
Much like the Walking Dead show deviated from the comics in it's own way and wasn't following the canon of those to a T, they could have simply said they were doing the same thing with the Fallout show and then there would've never been anyone upset or confused about the rampant inconsistencies in the lore.   Cause it wouldn't have been the world from the games and instead a different one where they'd have the freedom to do something like put a vault right next to the Boneyard and act like it never would've been found, contacted, or opened in the 100 or so years after the bombs fell and the NCR rebuilt the region. Or blow up the Boneyard so it's just a blasted wasteland.
It's honestly sad that most people can't see how this show completely butchered the lore and stories of 1, 2, and NV. It essentially destroyed all the advancements of the West Coast to reset the wasteland into the same undeveloped shitholes of Fallout 3 and 4.
If people want to understand the issue many fans have with this show, look at the Star Wars sequels for comparison. Those films completely erase all the achievements of the OT and make what our characters did irrelevant to reset the status quo to what it was before. It's the same with Fallout. They effectively erased all the progress made in the past to reset the status quo to the same dilapidated shitholes of Fallout 3 and 4.
It's not though. IT destroyed the Lore of New Vegas. The changes to Vault Tec and Doctor House are INSANELY damaging not to mention changing the cause of the apocalypse. Are you fucking high? christ you are truly falling from grace with your takes
"Unbelievably GOOD" 🤡
I heard that todd howard actually was consulted with the tv show which is why its good. Imagine if the halo directors talked with former bungie devs, 343 devs, played the games and like did a deep dive before writing we'd have a great halo show.  I love fallout and i too was skeptical and also i rarely watch tv outside of anime cause live action shows have just been sucking donkie dildo for the last 10 years.
Two types of live action video game adaptations.  Shitty ones:  Witcher Resident Evil  Good ones:  Fallout The Last of Us    Will add more as they come to my mind. These are the only ones I've watched so far.
Laser weapons were shown several times, for example, in the hands of Enclave guards, and in the weapon store on the rack.
I don't see any redcons in the show. Shady sands is you know ? But hey notvthe first city that goes to hell after the nuke. And we don't know jet what happens to the ncr. And that vault tec did what they did was in many theorys.
If you keep an eye out around the enclave they have a whole bunch of energy weapons. The entire show is absolute eye candy for little references and easter eggs, I am noticing new things each time I watch. Like the little bomb "mirror dice" hanging in the ship when Maximus is going out into the wastes with Titus for the first time.
Bro didn't watch Twisted Metal
2:54 I hear the pause menu music of GoldenEye of the Nintendo 64? Nice.
I love people complaining about retconning without bothering to look at the chalkboard of the timeline properly or thinking about the reasons behind it for more than 20 seconds
my sister has never even heared of fallout before the show so i'm waiting for her to finish it to see how much someone who knows nothing about that universe learns.
My favorite part of watching this show was trying to guess the characters special stats and perks
Can't wait for some Woke liptard to ruin this gem of a show, hoping it doesn't but I've been wronged before
I thought the show was awesome, but my only fear is the passion will die out akin to the first season of the Westworld show (the directoring team/Nolan). I feel he'll bail out for something lower quality, and if he does he deserves hate.
Todd howard did an interview with IGN and he clears up alot of the drama fans have been kicking up ....should check it out
Quick sidenote to the energyweapons: Moldaver (The Women who captures lucys dad) has an energy rifle in the last Episode. You can only see it for a few seconds and she never fires it on screen but its there xD Not 100% sure if its in the last Episode or in the one before but i think its the last one
I really hope in season 2 they drop the "Patrolling the Mojave almost makes me wish for a nuclear winter" line somewhere
My wife said the Ghoul had the bloody mess perk and after that i caught every single "Gameplay " easter egg 😅
What a masterpiece 20/10🤓 My favorite from Lucy was when she stepped out of the vault and said- It’s morbin time 🧛‍♀️!!!  GAVE ME CHILL’S !!!🤯
Witcher was awesome untill ut went sideways due to management, Fallout i was really worried about, but was very surprised and want to see next series. When saw main character i must admit thought ohh nooo, you know, then it was fab and not at all screwed like the Ghost busters remake
bang on! respect where respect is due... fallout tv series really dropped like them bombs, cheers to the ones wanting to tell stories without undermining the reason people love them..  you just dont feel emotion in most tv shows nowadays and then one like this pops up and revives the human soul. Godspeed to the artists and creators out there that will not fall into trends nor devolve content to adapt to the audience, if you tell a story well the audience will feel the creator's intent and the crowds will come.. Just makes me sad for all the shows/movies (halo especially) that get ruined by corporate bs or whats hot right now in todays society... i think stories whether its a book/movie/tvshow are meant to be an escape from reality into said universe not a spliced/inserted bit from whatever current tiktok trend or societal slang. Thank you for always staying true and honest with your views, cant wait for the season 2 vid
Take notes Paramount and Disney. See what happens when you make something both fans and newcomers like?
The first fallout game I've ever played was 76 and was always told New Vegas was by far the best one of the series. After watching the show and fully understanding why the vaults were created, I can understand why people didn't like 76. There wasn't really a storyline, at least nothing like the first 3 fallouts and New Vegas. Definitely gotta get the other games now, especially New Vegas.
i feel like sometimes the show try to illustrate the actual skill points here and there - like that moment when they have a fight at Filly - and Lucy sees the heroic vault boy figure - i felt that - when i am checkin my stats
Tey do not nail the dark comedy. The sombre parts of the show are really good, the comedy comes off as goofy at best.
It is good to know that i am a robot that cannot feel emotion, now i might take a dip in acid
so.... how many gays and trans?
The NCR Scene with the music gave me Goosebumps²
They completely Retcon New Vegas out of pure spite despite Obsidian being given very little money and time to make the game and proceeded to make a far superior game in 18 months.
I totally am a transparent jpeg.
Act Man U go other channel been 1 year. Last post tv Actman
My wife loved the show so much that she binged it with me and she only ever binges shows she really likes a lot. I kept telling her about different easter eggs that tie into the games and she was fascinated by it.
The lore violations are soooo big and sooo annoying it kinda takes away the enjoyment from the entire show for me - and if I go for conspiracy hat it feels specifically aimed agaisnt black isle lore (fallout 1, 2 and NV)
Unbelievably good? Really? I found it to be slightly better than mediocre. That's it. Good but not by much of a margin. I'd give it a 3.5 out of 5 tops.
That fucking Ron Perlman headshake. What a legend.
My comment will probably get buried here lol  But it's remarkably interesting how The Act Man is almost a normie/casual when it comes to fallout, I get why as it's not his chosen franchise, Halo is and always will be...  The show does have some positive qualities, visually speaking and SOME characters, but to me and quite a few others it continues to prove that Bethesda never understood Fallout. Breaks my heart.
9:15 i havent finished watching, but in one of the first episodes you can see an enclave guy with a laser rifle
The show actually has 16 TIMES THE DETAILS
The show is above average, but as most shows like this were shit, we’re happy that it’s at least watchable, hence the praise. The bar is on the floor, is what I’m saying.  Second, the show really shows who is it made for, and it’s made for people that only played F4, maybe F3. The amount of retcons with the pre Todd Fallouts are rather hefty:  1. Shady Sands in the Boneyard? 2. Anti feral ghoul meds? 3. Shady Sands being bombed in 77, thus retconning New Vegas? 4. Four vaults within walking distance to each other, and somehow they were untouched by the Master?  It’s mostly this. Shit a normie (like act man) won’t care about, as long as you spam Nuka colas, Abraxos and other obvious references.  I like the show, since I didn’t expect for Todd to respect Fallouts history, that much was obvious. But please, don’t call it an amazing show, makes you look like a soy pog reddtitor.
Never  seen this
It's a good day to die, When you know the reasons why, Citizens, we fight for what is right.
After having watched pyro's braindead take on the series, I am glad to see, that actman has not (at least not yet) been infected with short-form content brainrot.
Just finished the show a few hours ago and as a long time Fallout fan I’m pretty impressed by how well the show was. I was worried it was gonna be awful but it was way better than I expected. Ready for season 2!
2:07 27 years of lore to ruin you mean?
*spoiler* First I got really agitated by those prospectors wearing the special forces ncr armor like a sunprotector, but after the show I appreciated it as a way of truly driving it home that the NCR is gone in Los Angeles.   If it wouldve had a presence, then those prospectors wouldve been pretty quickly "liberated" of that armor
Above average.  Lucy and the Ghoul was great.  Maximus needs more character development.  Least favorite was Moldaver subplot.  Hope season 2 fix head scratcher of lore and improve with more guns, raiders, and mutant monsters.
Man! I can't wait for this to be released on dvd home video. 📀
I find it very much enjoyable coming from a person never played any fallout games before
I even have the PS2 fallout game.
You know who is unbelievable GOOD?          All of you <3
I'm collecting bottle caps in real  life, could become rich someday.
This has to be the first time, I haven't been bothered by flashbacks.
discord link is honestly disappointing. mobile verification doesn't work for me, so I'll just move on. Great channel and videos though
This adaptation was one that I really wanted to succeed, as a huge fan of the franchise it meant a whole lot seeing how well it respected what made Fallout great as a whole, the Fallout show is an absolute love letter and it shows!!
Here is a lesson for hollywood You can have woman lead and it was well writen, people like her when you know her backround She wasnt writen like most hollywood women leads and people like that Who would have guessed that people like well writen characters
All i know the Brotherhood of Steel having cold fusion is not not good for the wasteland
If Jonathan Nolan continues to do this show for several seasons, we're in pretty good hands. The time of year where a new Fallout season arrives is going to be the best part of the year.
It's good because it's an original story and doesn't feel like worse version of something that already exist, also helps that it's written like a TV show and not a videogame
I think you forgot to signal spoilers, oh well.  I'll watch this later when the show is done
You actually see a enclave member with a laser rifle, NGL was hyped to see all the fallout weapons in play! s2 I think will have a deathclaw vs super mutant fight! would be sick! 10/10 show!
👍
Anyone noticed that Norm has the perk small frame?
Not gonna lie, "Let democracy run its course". (Clip of Hell Divers) Got me SO good. Excellence manifest.
I went in with pretty low expectations based on the trailers, but I was very excited for it. Overall i've been fricken loving it and I feel like they perfectly captured the tone and vibe of the game.
Of course, like the common fallout enjoyer, I went back to reply fallout new Vegas and 4 after I binged the series entirely. Once I get *slightly* bored I'll buy fallout 3 and see where things go from there
The gore in the show was good to to the point when thadeus showed his foot i wanted to physically throw up from looking at it the gore was super realistic
I literally saw you upload this video so I went and watched the show for 10 hours straight now I’m ready for the review
It's extremely mediocre. But good enough I guess.
Season 2, we need 3 things:  FEV, Super Mutants, and the Enclave.
I do feel the stories of Vault 33 ended on a climax, just shy of a satisfying ending for a season finale. Loved every minute of it tho.
That Helldivers insert had me rolling.😂👌
Amazon, please make a BIOSHOCK series too !!! Thank u in advance.
9:16 There are energy weapons in the show, we just did not see them in use. Moldaver has one that is shown in the last episode but just for a couple of seconds. It's easy to miss.
I'm gona watch it this weekend and then probably play Fallout 4.
the CGI to make a certain character look young was the most horrid CGI I've ever seen in recent times. However, other than that, the show was indeed really fun
Tapping into the broader audience by staying true to what appealed to a broad audience is the best “if it ain’t broke don’t fix it” I’ve heard when it comes to these adaptations. There’s a reason why we like the source material!
big W from amazon
April 27th Fallout 4 new gen update. 👍
Fallout 1 Fallout 2 and Fallout New Vegas the first the fall of games not Canon
helldivers cut-epic
The one thing that's so special about the show is they don't use the realistic approach. The healing aspect, the shooting, they all are done just like in-game, it's like watching someone's play through. One of my favorite parts of the show is when Lucy talks about her skills like science and repair skill. It happens very early on in the show, and I know I'll have a good time watching the whole thing.
I loved the show but some of the writing was really bad. First of, I absolutely despised the part where Lucy asked Maximus to sleep with her. Bro they just got drugged, fel down a hatch and they are in a room with a giant window and tons of stangers on the other side. And she asks to bang? And Maximus who's already, by far the weakest link acting and character wise. Then gives the most nonsensical answer ever. Bro this guy lives in barracks with men and women. We saw a dude play with himself under the covers. You're telling me he doesn't know how his own body works? lol gtfo. Asking fertility questions in the vault was funny. The "explodes like a pimple" joke was just dumb and infantile.  But the motivations for the antagonists also don't make sense at all. If Vault tec is dropping the bombs to get a total monopoly. Why the f would they invite their competitors. They're not taking their competitors over etc. It's not a union, merger none of that. It's them partnering up, each getting their own vaults with their own experiments.   Equally as dumb is that they plan to wait the people on the surface out. They plan to wait until humanity on the surface goes extinct. But this makes no sense. The humans that survive just rebuild and multiply. Why would they go extinct? If humans manage to keep living in some mountains, hideouts, bunkers etc long enough to last through the radiation. (Which is what happens, and also what vault tec assumes will happen). They would instead recover. Not go extinct over time. The longer the people in the vaults wait the less chance they have of taking over the world. But the plan is to .. just keep waiting. "the greatest weapon of mass destruction is time" ..   Also the whole thing with Lucy's mom was cringe af. How do you siphon water from a vault, isn't that  major design flaw? Why would she assume it's civilization siphoning water and not just a leak or something? why would she then suspect her husband and or worse, take her kids to the irradiated surface?
Lol. No. It is not.
11:20 I love this part of the video because it makes me feel like me and The Act Man are boys talking about Fallout 😂
Fk yes, mate, fk yes. I loved the first season, can't wait for number 2.
so.... when Elder Scrolls show?
Adaptions
The lore mistake was misunderstanding, people assumed shady sands was blown up in 2277 before new vegas but Showrunners and Todd confirmed it happened after New vegas game
The last of us started on Heads and the flipped so facking hard to tails it sucks so hard.
compare this review to angryjoeshows review
With the radio station joke you kinda missed out on a part, in both Fallout 3 and Fallout 4 there has always been a Classical Radio. It has been memed on forever on no one liking it or every listening to it when there is the far superior Galaxy News and Diamond City Radio. I just imagined all those people are the thousands of people I've heard complain about the radio station.
Biggest gripe about the show, there’s not more of it. Smh.
I liked the bridge scene very much. Where they pass from one side to another and the music👌
Trans ma’am love this garbage? Colour me surprised
BETHESDA SHOULD STAY ON THE EAST COAST. give the show a 7/10 its a great show. the writing sucked but the adding of the lore was great. except for the fact they destroyed shady sands. and the end credits shows new vagas as being destroyed. i wish they stayed in the east coast. because the bethesda games need more work.
meh. more like a 6 at best. they screwed up a lot of lore things and such.
Now is a good time for “Why Fallout 4” was so awesome
Red dead redemption two video?
Does it get better after episode 2? I just find it super mid so far, and that's as a fan of Fallout :(
I had a few people on Facebook(relatives and friends) who don't even know anything about Fallout, but they still watched the show and thought it was amazing lol. It's just that good of a show. Honestly, the last series I watched before this was Arcane... Yeah, from one masterpiece to another. Might watch some more shows I missed in the meantime though.
now do a fallout game review
Maximus has 1 charisma, 1 intelligence but 10 luck.
The ghoul found dogmeat at the red rocket gas station, same place you find the dog as a companion in game. That such a nice touch, I knew what was going to happen when it came on screen 🫡
Yes
I agree with you it is epic. I have only made it to episode 3 for now. I love the fact that they still use some of the original music from fallout 4 and fallout 3. Not so much music from fallout new Vegas thou. I did hear new music from Johnny Cash, "Cry cry cry". All the gadgets look so well made like stim pack and Yai Guai. Of course, the brotherhood of steal are epic. That is all I am going to say now. I will not try to watch anymore of your video until I have finished the first season. Only one question, who is the courier or is there none. My favorite part was when the second squire was talking to Maximus about who they admire before he finds out. "War, war changes nothing".
Idk how I missed the house...
1 Corinthians 15:1-4 Christ Died for our sins according to the scriptures, and that He was Buried, and that He Rose Again the Third Day according to the scriptures. Christ is Coming back for us so much SOONER than any of us Think!!!!. Give your Life to Christ Now while He may still be found, your next breath is NOT guaranteed. Accept Christ as Savior and BELIEVE in Him and what He did for YOU at the Cross. If you die in your sins without being saved, you will spend Eternity in Hell separated from God. Through Christ your sins are forgiven, fellowship with God the Father is restored, and you’ll have Eternal Life ( Heaven ). Make the Right Choice and prepare your soul for Eternity. God Bless you all and your beautiful families, and I Hope to see Each and Every Single one of you in the clouds with Jesus and at the Wedding supper of the Lamb Very Very soon.
So I seen 1 laser pistol in the entire show and it's held by Meldova (however you spell it) near the end. I don't think we get to see it used though. You can tell they had to be picky on where they spent their budget. This first season is definitely the hype man that's why I think they gave such a memorable end shot, because the 2 things it shows are some of the biggest in the games!
fallout 76 is good now folks, its been good for years now, we can stop dumping on it, you wouldn't dump on no mans sky so why keep dumping on fa76. let it be,
Matthew perry voiced Benny whattttt
Kinda get it but kinda don’t get the upset behind retcons. Never played the older games so didn’t really affect me. The woke stuff I don’t really understand. I don’t know if i just missed it or not but I saw absolutely no woke things in it, not in your face at least.
Enclave guardians has laser rifles and Moldaver was holding a laser pistol in the finale! Nothing huge, but at least the good ol' laser boys were included
Some of the criticisms of this series are completely outrageous. And it's coming from people who haven't even watched it!
My mom loved it so much she started watching without my dad (who’s played the games)
I hope they eventually address the aliens... 👽
I was never really a big fallout fan growing up, more of an Elder Scrolls fan me personally… But watching the show got me on a huge Fallout binge. It brought a new type of energy to the series that got me more interested in the games. I’m currently on my first play-through of Fallout 1 and even for how old the game is I’m seriously loving it.
GoldenEye N64 music in the background, I see you are an Act Man of culture 👌🏻
https://www.youtube.com/live/70PBWAUhiBk?si=tlEApRMu3g51SCvG   at 52:14 in this live, something in your seam library
The he/him man.
i think y'all got scarred by Halo. it's honestly kinda mid
Is no one going to acknowledge that Norm is Rico?
9:15 There are laser rifles depicted in the show. Specifically during the enclave scenes. It's just not shown being used though
Let me stop you right there, acting male.  The show is definitely nowhere near "unbelieveably good", but when it has its high points, they really do shine. I despise what they did with the Brotherhood of Steel storyline. There was so much potential to actually say something, and then it's Michael Rappaport under the helmet, totally shitting all over every aspect of it. It put a bad taste in my mouth, and I utterly hated that Maximus immediately just jumps to "you don't deserve that armor" after all that life of suffering; just totally unearned and wasted.   That said, when the show hits its higher notes, boy do they sing. The soundtrack alone is worthy of praise; top shelf needle drops, all the way down.
its also all on sale on steam so… that helps
as a fallout fan and lore nerd, the retcons dont bother me tbh the show was great everything was written well the actors were excellent and the sets and costume design were amazing i loved all the sound effects and visuals from the games too
I've been waiting fervently for Knight Actmanius to make a video on the show. I fucking loved it and it made me start a new F3 playthrough
That ending was just amazing especially the first episode the intro was just amazing hopefully season 2 is a banger
A Certified Banger
Hearing walton goggins say the famous words "War, war never changes" I almost shit my pants
he said funny word, DEMOCRACY
Yeah Ron Pearlman would have been sweet but the did a good job with how they used the line.
There were laser guns in the game. Brother hood and enclave used them.
i never play a bethesda game but the vshow is okay sometimes unlogical but u cares thesedays
The show has terrible writing, if you take time to think about the stuff that happens in the show, none of it makes sense. Muldaver is the worst character I've seen in a long time. Maximus also sucks, they ruined the West chapter of the BoS with their crappy writing, meanwhile shills keep glazing this show because it's not unwatchable.
Its got me back onto a fallout kick. Time to go back and play through 3, New Vegas, and 4 again. I may even give 76 a second chance.
Unbelievably good is like the sopranos and breaking bad. This show is fine let’s all relax 😂
I just finished watching season 1, and god damn I was hooked and couldn't take my focus off of each 1episode, which is crazy.
Was a former subscriber, now a current subscriber, well done, well done.
The show left me very satisfied. one of the best adaptions of a game series I've ever seen
Watching 8 hours just to never see a laser rifle actually fire almost makes you wish for nuclear winter
That line about the how to attract a broader audience was perfect. Halo could have been so great
Ron perlman will be the big bad of vault tec.
how horny is this show gotta know if gonna watch with family >.>
It's better than I expected, because I expected garbage. The show has some of the most nonsensical writing I've ever seen.
Well i love NCR about the Falllout so..... Yeah. But show is still good, just i am sad.
The bar has been set There's no competition  This is the number one BEST videogame adaptation I've ever seen.... Every second I wondered how they did it They transferred the damn game to real life The whole damn game Down to the memes and super obscure references Also every damn prop I just felt I was watching a playthrough every five freaking seconds It's A H M A J E S T I C !!!
Bro the heldivers thing jumscared me
That one line of "We take out all the competition" when talking about taking over the corporate world, from Vault Tec had some real 'Side with Yes Man' vibes
I've never played Fallout. But the fact that this series got me hooked because it's made so well is amazing...  Fallout goes up alongside, the Last of Us, Cyberpunk Edgerunners and Arcane as one of the best Series Adaptations of Video Games ever...
'Ned Flanders in the apocalypse' Holy shit she couldn't have worded it better!
One of the things I wish they would have done is that the Yao Guai didn't go down to a single bullet to the head. It would have been just like the games when you shoot something in the head and it just stares at you.
I just spent 3 days installing a bunch of mods to play New Vegas after I finished the show 😂
Diagolue is awful. At least it has that in common with the games. My fault for expecting something a little more serious.
Not only was this show an incredibly amazing surprise that I was not expecting at all, but it's hilarious to me that yet again Bethesda has been one-upped by better writers. This show has better writing than anything Bethesda has ever made.
I was one of the 9k in New Vegas
@5:10 well it is nice to see a universe where Jerry got a stable job.
Please do reviews for the rest of the dark souls series/Elden ring and there’s always love for the hot takes. All of your videos are fucken awesome man keep it up!!
Yes it is, god it IS good. No, it is GREAT! Such an absolute gem in our ruined media world. Now shut up, take my money, and make more seasons!
Blue light blocking glasses are kinda disturbing because I can't see your eyes
The only chils of any other chill from the show is those " NCR flag with fallout theme"
Can you imagine if Master Johnny Cheeks McSpace Ring was created with this level of talent, creativity and devotion to source material?
The ghoul = mysterious stranger
It’s not a bad tv show. It may not be for everyone, but it has a compelling narrative that can be enjoyed when given the chance.
This show has made me realize that perhaps it's better to create a new original story in the game universe rather than adapting what was already told in the games (a la every other video game adaptation)...
Well would you look at that. Someone made a show about a game and just stuck to what awesome things the creators of the games already created instead of reimagining everything people liked about the games and.... well it doesnt suck! How weird that this is a success after they focused on whats important instead of creating new things that dont belong where they are.
I just hate how the Brotherhood is portrayed. (Im only on Episode 2) As a Sentinel myself who joined at Lost Hills, Squire Maximus should stand trial and be punished. The Circle of Steel needs to intervene.
For some reason, i couldnt just see the actors, as in their role, perhaps just superficial, acting itself was kind of, good, suppose thats from a lackluster point of view when adaptations go just balls-wrong. I'd compare this to something like the "silo", and on that basis, 4/5
I'm one of those who didn't enjoy the Fallout games but after watching the show, I'll go back and revisit them for the lore since watching the show.
One of my favorite things is even in the first episode, there are little Easter eggs scattered throughout from the whole series, from the original up through 76. The show runners really understood the assignment.
New Vegas…
When the TV show did a better job of Fallout-ing, then Fallout themselves
Finn v Ghoul scene was a masterclass in film 10/10
Am I the only one who gets obnoxiously loud audio levels when he switches to some certain clips? Or is that intentional?
should i play the games first or watch the show first?
how am I the only one that is beyond pissed with the last episode?
I love when adaptations are obviously made by people who love and respect the IP. This is definitely the case with this show, so good.
i love the fact they didn’t made it for kids. feels like everything nowadays need to be pg13
The one thing about this show that got me going eugh is the power armor flying without a jetpack, and the voice modulation from its helmet. That’s kinda it.
"The last of us landed on heads". Well about that... Yikes...
You weren't lying when you aay you don't know the Fallout lore all that well, because it's anything but faithful.
This is why I've bought and returned to FO4 and NV btw. I'm back in it right now bs.
It’s a shame the Halo series was ass. They really could’ve used the resurgence in popularity like how the Witcher, cyberpunk, and fallout did
Lucy is so disgustingly likable, can’t wait for S2.
Ass jerky don' make itself.
The last scene gave me goosebumps and I can't stop thinking how New Vegas will connect with the show's story.
Ack man with his middle of the road, fence sitting, majority agreed, unoffending opinion, with nothing new to say. Thank you dude, great video
Why was Mortal Kombat (2011) so awesome?
I saw a few laser guns
It's okay, World and props are the biggest wins, not so much the story. The animated shows like Cyberpunk ER and Arcane are still leagues ahead of Live Action.  Ghoul is the GOAT though
It's a good time to be a Fallout fan i suppose...😃
Hmm, must be nice.
I hope they have a Mathew perry tribute in season 2
I hope we get a reference to the famous line “**** off and ***”. No one has made a larger impact on my life than great khan number 5.
I have them all (except 76) and I haven't play it any for more than a couple of hours, time to finish 4, new vegas, and 3 in that order
False
My favorite easter egg was the mini Nuka Breaker one guy was carrying in Filly in Episode 2
A series based on a game? With a FEMALE mc? And it doesn't suck??? How is this possible?! I have no idea... maybe it's that kind of magic trick called - good fucking writing. I wish other studios  knew that forbidden knowledge.
Resident evil fans doesn't had any luck with live action adaptation, i just watch two episodes and its good show and makes me want to play again fallout games
What for me breaks the vibe is this, the old car wrecks. Not one is what you would expect to see in the wasteland. You don't see the tricycle bubble car or anything that was nuclear powered. This is a huge misstep in my opinion.
lol hell yeah democracy!
2:54 A killer theme (The Goldeneye Pause Menu) for a killer show, both beloved by almost everyone. We are truly blessed 6:51 It ain't Fallout without a s*x-related nightmare! Nothing tops Vaults 68 and 69 though... 10:58 "Another kill to my name!!! You like that?!?! Had enough!?!?" 11:59 The kid from Greyditch interrupting your clash with the Talon Merc Company or the Regulators at the Super Duper Mart in Fallout 3 comes my mind
Coulde we imagine a world were the halo show is faithful to its source material wed have the greatest show but no
It was okay... it had alotta cringe moments the plot was meh and some of it looked fan made eh its better then Halo but lets be honest thats not hard to achieve. *spams the ghouls yoddle theme*
1,200 dislikes of manchildren crying because they don't actually have a legitimate reason to hate the show.
I laughed so hard at the "You wanna make my cock explode now?" line.
Bro speaking of the last shot of the show, just noticed the suit you have on 👏
I only had a couple of criticisms. One was that it felt like distance and time weren't handled well. People walked between set pieces, but it was hard to have a strong understanding of how far they've gone in which direction and for how long. There was also a lack of reality when it came to food and drink except when it was used to make callbacks to radiation sickness and cannibalism. The other thing was when the Ghoul was fighting a number of power armour users and mentioned it had a weak spot. Why didn't he exploit that when fighting Maximus? Did I miss something there? Anyway, I'm quite happy and enjoyed it.
this is the new star trek
It was incredible. My poor wife had to deal with my “oh that’s in the game pause it I’ll explain” felt bad for her she generally liked the series… I fucken loved it!
Stick with the source as much as possible at least get why it captured the audience in the first place. Sooo many adaptations miss that the first 1/4 of the show that so captivating.
Final scene gave me chills. Can't wait for season 2.
I’m praying that Ron Perlman makes a cameo may be in a later season as a certain character, even as a narrator
Diversity quotas? Check. Obese person in power? Check. Bad guy is a whitey ? Check. Dunno man this show reeks of wokeness.
Fall out 10/10 The Witcher wasnt too bad. One Piece was disappointing... They missed the whole first few Arcs where Luffy find each crew members meaning in life and saves them. Zoro dont grt me started in Nami I cried... Ski island?!
Just finished it. Gawd it was awesome from start to finish. Everyone understood the assignment and brought their A game. I just cant wait for season 2.
I get people rooting for NCR would get mad, since it's the second closest thing we get to modern civilization, but honestly, them being over-streched thus under-powered everywhere isn't something that is too far outrageous, and in fact, can be justified.   Although this show did confirm a lot of canon, like Prydwen still exists, meaning the canon ending of FO4 is the BOS one. RIP for my fellow Railroad guys.
The second I finished the series I started to heavily mod New Vegas 😂
Correct me if I'm wrong but doesn't this show basically sh*t all over fallout 1, 2, and New Vegas lore wise? and is effectively meant for people more fans of bethesda's style over substance fallout games?
Unbelievably good? I do not believe you, sir.
The Last of Us and Cyberpunk Edgerunners adaptations are mid.
I wish it had deathclaws. Here hoping for them to appear in Season 2 New Vegas.
Just because the show had nice set pieces or good props, doesn't make it a good show. The story sucked and retconned so many events/plots the Fallout games have been building for decades. To sum up the show, the NCR, House, and the Legion have essentially been wiped off the map, replaced by the Brotherhood of Steel, the Enclave, and Vault-Tec, who are now the major factions of the setting. A single season of Bethesda's/Amazon's "fallout" have undone everything that Fallout 1, 2, and New Vegas had built. While I'm glad you liked it, I cant say the same thing for me.  Actman, you fell off man, it's a shame seeing you turn into a shill
Norm and Chets characters are exactly how stat allocations would've gone to create the characters in game. Norm's smart af but not good at much else, while Chet is dumb af but fucking massive and could probably punch a hole in you.
There was a laser gun on a guard in episode 2 when they show the enclave guy at the dog training facility
This show is definitely good but the ending was definitely mid mostly because it wasn’t really an ending it is just showing us what’s going to happen next season.
How’s The Shill Man doing these days?
I got my dad to watch it (he has never played any fallout game and knows very little about fallout) and watching him be amazed by something from a seriesI love is amazing
Moldaver gripping a laser pistol
Performing Male, since you're replaying New Vegas, any chance we can get a "Revisiting New Vegas in 2024" video? Ave, True to Act Man.
I don’t think it’s “I been workin on the railroad” lol. It’s glory glory hallelujah or idk what the original is called. But my fave version is the military hymn GORY GORY WHAT A HELLUVA WAY TO DIE, AND HE AINT GONNA JUMP NO MORE
Nah it lost me at cousins banging and jerking off on camera hard pass
What I love also is despite how brief Mr. House is in the show it almost perfectly encapsulates his character with how he was the primary critic of Vault Tec in their internal meeting, hinting at how he had his own plan for surviving the impending apocalypse instead. I feel like most other writers who didn't care as much about the lore of the setting would've overlooked that and instead made him as gung-ho as every other exec there.
You are unbelievably wrong.
Well given how terrible Amazon butchered LOTR with their Rings of Power, its justified for people to be wary
Man if they wanted to make a halo series they could think up of something like halo legends
It is a really cool show, and I like it, but the review is as close to "yongyea reviews cyberpunk 2077" as it gets. The show has its flaws. Anyone whose life do not depend financially on praising products can easily tell you that. But it is cool!
Luckily it's good unlike....      Halo.
Heard fallout 76 added npcs and a new starting story
I think it's weird in a Fallout show, people are complaining that the main character is a "Mary sue".  How many of us created this character?  I'm willing to be, 20-40% of players created a woman, so why it would be jarring that a woman is the main character is beyond me.  The show would obviously work better as a woman being the main character, given Fallout is supposed to be a little ridiculous, and you can put the main character woman in a lot more ridiculous situations in that world, especially if you're willing to mess with current sensibilites, which they did.
I trust your judgement. Just turned the 1st episode on
“Thou shalt get sidetracked by bullshit every God damned time” most accurate quote ever spoken
ugh, the earth benders made me sick
Why a Nolan film wasn't given a bit more grace is wild.  Like ok, his comments might have been weird, but if ya boy has been delivering on time, and cooking correct,let em cook.  If it was another person, ok, I'm skeptical.  Not a Nolan.
The average person doesn't care about things being lore perfect.  I played fallout, and I don't remember most lore.  So anything not lore perfect won't matter to me.  And I imagine most people.
I just started playing fallout new Vegas a few weeks ago and I'm loving it. As a new fallout fan I've watched the first two episodes of the new show and I'm loving it. It makes me sad (as a long time Halo fan since Halo CE) that the Halo show sucks so bad....
Stay in the vault, in the fall out, the nukes are all out.
It's okay on the surface level, enjoyable even, but if you actually stop and think about the plot it was kind of... moronic.
Unbelievably good? No. It's very much believably decent.
I like to think they used the song "only you" when Maximus went to rescue Lucy becuse it fit the scene and as a nod to another nuclear themed game : Farcry 5.
I was going to avoid this show as well but if you give it a thumbs up...I'm going to give it a try.
Wait a second... So your telling me if your woman character isnt a strong girl boss and gay for no reason, and if you genuinely follow the source material instead of telling "your own exciting version" then people will actually want to watch the show and like it?
Maximus was a well written version of Finn from star wars which made me soo happy and I didn't know I needed the ghoul was my favorite character learning his backstory and his oh shiz moments was so satisfying and making me want to learn more also the vault side characters were so fun I love the humor for that the I voted for her too was the best joke I've seen in a show in a very long time this was an unexpected surprise and was better than I've could have imagined that I recommended it to everyone at work even non video game fans who watch like how I met ur mother and they love it
Paramount and 343 really need to watch this and take more than just some notes from Bethesda and Amazon
His eyes at 9:49 got me, Act  man anime moment for sure.
Unfortunately I doubt borderlands will be on the same level
I don’t think I’ve asked more what’s than today.
I think the show is great. I am very hopeful for Season 2. They've left a lot open, I just hope that they can do New Vegas some justice.      Wasn't a fan of the others you mentioned.
The show is alright at best. The acting is awful.
You have to be trolling. It is at best an okay show, C+ maybe. A kinda crap one if you are into canonical lore tho.
I feel like writting has been so bad for so long that now everyone has Stockholm syndrome.
Disagree female antagonist ruined the show for me
You can tell this show was worked on by a bunch of people who actually respect and appreciate the source material. Unlike many recent attempts by others that clearly despise the content and go in with the mentality of I CAN MAKE IT BETTER
That ending shot…I climaxed 5 times in 5 seconds
i 100% expected the act-ma'am to like this one  its made for pigs like him
The screen reflection visible on your glasses distracted me more than it should’ve - glad to see you enjoyed the show Actman, I know how ‘nods at suit’ engaged you are in the Fallout world, so it truly is a delight
Oh yeah. Its sooo good. Fck the Fallout Lore, am I right?
If you're still unsure about watching... my 59-year-old mother loved it. And she used to tell me how stupid the games were. Now she watches me play them on Twitch cause she wants to see more 😂😂😂😂
What people seem to ignore is that the insane people that are trying to spell out the timeline are... insane. Even the inconsistency around Shady Sands could have been neatly woven into the story bc the NCR in New Vegas was never receiving what they needed and caravans had been halted. It would be logically consistent for the new leaders of the NCR to blackout the info about Shady Sands. They wouldn't want soldiers fleeing the line to find out about their family. And while its set up to be 2 years before the events of New Vegas, I like the idea of it happening DURING New Vegas. That would mean you have the heads cut off both the NCR and Caesar's Legion at roughly the same time, leaving the Mojave to descend back into chaos due to the power vacuums on both sides.
Apart from using well known songs from the games, another thing that I love about the show is that they straight up use sounds from the games. The power armor stomps, the pip boy sounds and stimpacks are some of my favorite.
I had a nightmare that bethesda  removed gore from their games....wait that is real and its called starfield.
If anyone is wondering what the song in the background is, it’s Dead Rising 2 Fortunes Embers.
This show was amazing and I don't care what the haters say. I've been a fan of fallout since the first from 1997. They have done justice to the lore and if you have problems with the direction it's going, all I have to say is let them cook and see where it leads. Season 2 is going to be something special imo
My favourite scene is when Hank MacLean just diiiiips into the wasteland.
since there is no season 2 out yet :D, i came here. all i have to say is: amen. this show is a blessing
They gave FarCry 5 fans PTSD
We've gotten so used to terrible shows of content we all love. This *irradiates* a breath of fresh air
I only noticed after Re-watching the Jump Street movies, that Thadios is one of the Geeky kids who hack the phones. 😅
after checking it out fallout is a massive disappointment a failure just like halo and last of us but we can be happy that edge runners and the goat arcane are still there for us
Garbage.
halo fucked up the game AND the show. rip
I had hoped you would've talked about the negatives, the show is great but they blew the ending and the counsidences are idiotic.
I really hope one of the protagonists says my favorite line to the raider who lost his brother...  "You're a bitch and your brother was a bitch, too."  EDIT: Your*
Hello Act Man, I've been very skeptical about this Fallout TV show but I'm curious to see if it's good or not and if it's respectful to the source material. I'm not into the whole streaming thing, so I'll wait for it to come out on DVD. I've also been replaying Fallout New Vegas and it's my 26th birthday so I just wanted to thank you for the review and take care mate.
maldovar had a laser pistol in the last episode
at this point it's going to be impossible to hear the word "democracy" without instantly thinking about joining the elite peacekeeping force
I about busted a gut when I saw a clip of M. Night Shamalan’s Avatar the Last Airbender clip. That was so goofy it was amazing
Pyrocynical Take fell off
Im sooo glad this video is all praise, after watching pyros hour long nitpicking session, its like he didnt watch the show, everything you talk about is how i felt watching it and it sucks pyro got brain damage from too much slop
the bridge scene was just iconic
fakty
The only reason they made this show was to distract us from the fact Space Force is trying to paint a picture of Lenin on the moon. I know this because a gecko told me when I was following him to see if he was hiding treasure from me.
Supports race-mixing and genital mutilation of kids.
Friendly reminder that Fallout New Vegas is one of the greatest games of all time, and if you haven't played it, play it
What’s the deal with “you mean use my cock?” And “want to make my cock explode?” I lol’d but it really confused me. I thought for sure they were being drugged. But nope. Also, I’d offer you a cherry tomato but you got a hole in your neck.
Okie dokie!
i just finished the show yesterday and i can’t stop thinking about it. The characters, writing, cinematography and music was all so fitting and made this universe so believable right from the first episode. I‘m so glad this exists. Like last of us another example on how good a game can be adapted into a show if people are behind it who actually care!
Reach, ODST, Halo as a WHOLE! Goddamn you people you had to ruin ENTIRE FRANCHISE!!! You done make me mad now. Look how they massacred Master Chief
mr act i hate to say but uhh urmommahoewhatitdoshhhhhhhhtttupid🐮🐮
My grandparents loved fallout. They watched the 8 episodes like in 2 days
The visual of new vegas wrapped up this first season perfectly. My favorite game of all time.
First he bent over for that soulless boring lazy pile of 💩 starfailed now he's bending over the other way for this woke lore inaccurate tv show. At this point he is todd howards gf.
I loved the props they used! Soon as I saw the camera at the birthday party, I knew the rest of the Fallout world wouldn’t disappoint.
the vats part with the Ghoul in town
Makes a case for how bad halo is but somehow it doesn't apply to FO because SFX, pipboy, and vault suits. There has been 10 years of no fallout content so this bugposter will eat it up.
Aside from what a gem of a show we were given, the vault map in episode 8 was an extra special treat for me, as it turns out there's a vault in my backyard. As a FO4 modder, I'm awfully tempted to launch a project based on that little nugget.
Still wanting for A GOOD Call of Duty tv show
Thank you for the spoiler warning, a true gentlemen.
The Act Ma'am Shilling Corpo Amazon Slop.  As expected.
Did you watch one piece
My review for the Fallout series: WHERE THE HELL IS SEASON 2!?
Arron/Max was the weakest in terms of acting. The problem was mostly around the start where he jumped from squeaky high lisp stutter voice to low strong serious. It was terrible and unbelievable. Was better later on but he was still prone to weird pitch and character changing. Also from dumb to smart and back again. Random acting based on lines not character.
I think it helped that Todd Howard is one of the executive producers. He probably, as im sure most of them did, made sure this wasnt muddled by todays standards for media and stayed faithful to the source
I love the show, the only gripe I have about it though (spoilers)      Shady Sands being blown to bits, it makes me a little salty that the endeavors that the Vault Dweller, Chosen One and Courier (if he chose that route) did to mantain the place to be destroyed just like that. Other than that, a pretty good watch!
Anything with ella purnel in it is a homerun! Cant wait for her to reprise her role as jinx in Arcane S2.
This show is what the “Halo” show should’ve done. Add to the pre-existing foundation, not try to build a new one from scratch. Good writers, like for the Fallout show, work around and with what they’ve been given. Bad writers, like for the “Halo” show, use excuses for why they have to make a completely new storyline.
It really was so freaking good. At every moment in the show my thoughts were only "This is fallout" .
It's good yes, but unbelievably good? Not sure. I think I'd give it more of a 7/10.
You are such an idiotic shill
Re: weapons - a security guard has an energy weapon in the Enclave facility.
I swear every episode I was texting my buddy that's a fallout fan that hasn't seen it yet, telling him it just keeps making me want to play the games again.  A small bit I really liked was when the Vault-tec board is having their meeting and start talking about their individual ideas for vaults, one of them mentioned pumping drugs into the air. I had a Leo pointing at the TV screen moment 😂
Reason why there's no laser weapons is because nobody has leveled up enough for the level list to spawn people with them
Being a lifelong fan of both Halo and Fallout, it’s so refreshing to see one adaptation give the thing it’s adapting love & respect instead of shitting on it and insulting the target audience
It’s the little things like the fact the details from the computer screens being an identical font and design to the games, all the way down to the stimpak sound effect when someone is using one. This was so clearly made by people who played the fuck out of the Fallout games. Love it
For anyone wondering there was only two instances of energy weapons being shown in the show. Just for whatever reason we never actually see them fired. Moldaver has a laser pistol and that Enclave (maybe?) Security Guard had a laser rifle. No plasma weapons yet though.
The way they do VATS but in the show is pretty brilliant and having the rad sound on her pipboy
ngl thought the show was gonna be shit like they did with Halo but DAMN was I wrong
Next season better have super mutants.
100%
this guy mentioned how the show halo failed because of its lack of vision to the lore, then says its ok for Fallout to do so, because it adheres to his total faulty understanding of it. Then circumvents the ACTUAL biggest complain about the fallout show to get his diversity points. what a shallow soy moron unsub to the moon and back. You don't understand that there is has been  "fallout drought" for 10 years vs all the trash in halo so you don't care or even know because you are outside your expertise. lost all credibility with that fake veneer smile
My mom is loving the show, I didn't even recommend it to her and she has no fucking clue what a fallout is
TheActMan’s Seal of Approval….now if you’ll excuse me….
Who’s ready for the next gen update?
My favorite character is easily Norm
After the Halo show I was so worried, thank goodness Fallout is great. And for people saying it erases New Vegas are wrong. It’s clear the NCR was weakened in NV and spread thin and everything can still line up.
bro the music has been around before the games or lore of fallout
0:30 its actualy very average 5/10 maybe 6/10, show is not based on games F1 and F2, so lacking fallout climate like all bethseda other 3D fallouts.
I call it 5,000 LEAGUES UNDER ALBANY. I enjoy this movie as a kaiju film
I’m weary about it. I remember loving the first episode of The Last of Us Show but about halfway through just being super disappointed. I’m not saying that this show is gonna get the same treatment but we’re just gonna have to wait and see.
I mean it's okay. 1000% more faithful than the Halo show BUT the show is still slow and has too many plots running at once.
"It stays true to the lore"  "Listen I'm no expert on Fallout lore, and frankly I don't like to obsess over lore in a video game"  "if lore problems and retcons are your biggest issues, that's actually a good thing"  You're such a shill, Actman. And not a very good liar.
I am absolutely stunned at how good this show is. I'm a few episodes away from the end but so far they NAILED the tone, setting, art style (at least for the HD fallout game aesthetic), and my personal favourite thing was how they made the characters experiences exactly what it's like to play the game! Lucy and Maximus getting side-tracked from their main quest by countless side-missions, Norm and Chet trying to work out what the hell happened in Vault 32, and Cooper's sheer bloody ruthlessness to survive. I also loved how they made Filly seem so familiar, instantly felt like I was in Diamond City. Love love love this show and hope it gets renewed.
I’ll be the first one to say I never played a fallout game, RPGs aren’t usually my style, but I found the idea of it intriguing, especially being a history nerd, so I watched the show and because of the show I bought fallout 4 and honestly I’m hooked and I’ve barely played it
... 😐
I had tempered expectations for the show cause of halo but I am so fucking glad it's good. Thing is though I am so god damn envious for fallout fans because the halo show was utter trash
Your the only youtuber ive seen praise this show.
The only thing that really made a (for me at least) noticeable dent into it is what i hate in general about any TV Show or Movie. Unnecessary, plot irrelevant braindead sex scenes that are just there to broaden the audience or get some horndogs their fill.  They add nothing to the story really. Now i do not mind it if those scenes ARE relevant to the story. Or they are important to happen like Guts in Berserk with the demon at the very first site.   But if they are just in there to broaden the demographic? Nah. That often ruins entire shows or characters for me.
I can't wait for season 2, the end scene I can't fucking wait
Literally watching this while playing Tale of Two wasteland mod for fallout New Vegas
When fAllout Man in HD?
9:15 I saw Moldaver holding a laser pistol in the last episode, but they never show her using it. I saw laser rifles at one point too.
I think the fallout Is good as a fallout 4 or fallout 3 TV show, but I think it totally sucks as a classic 1 or 2 Fallout. Still think it butchered NV like your average million raiders that exist in every single square inch of the wasteland in fallout 4.
ron pearlmen narrating the end of S2 would be so fucking good
The goldeneye pause music was so good.
I started watching this show and couldn't stop. I watched all eight episodes in one go.
We won't go quietly, the Legion can count on that
Tbh the nuka cola bottles looks plastic, but i guess thats accurate for you know who. That's the only problem I have
Hope to see Ron Perlman given a good role in the next season.  The writers really know the lore so I wouldn't be surprised to see him soon.
I have honestly never completed a fallout game but I’m happy the screen adaptation was done justice. I appreciate the lore for fallout I just haven’t played through it because it’s not really my style of game. But i still got mad respect for them for getting it right everything rn that has been happening is wrong so they are moving in the right direction at least lol
Yeah, no. Sorry Act Man the Fallout show is the equivalent to the Rings of Power in the destruction it does to the Fallout world and has all the writing nuance of a 13 year old. I'm not giving a rats ass about spoilers so feel free to stop reading here if you don't want this terrible show ruined for you.  Lucy was the only decent character in the whole show. Maximus is an awful person who's personality changes at the drop of a hat and has no CHARACTER, he wants to wear power armor but doesn't put in the effort in the classes to earn becoming a squire but then has a hissy fit when he's not chosen. Is a stammering mess one second and a cold cruel person the next and then the next moment tries to murder the one person who was helping him for calling out his lies and the final moment is willing to abandon the only life that he knows. West Coast Brotherhood of Steel faction by the way, the faction that is dogmatic with it's teachings. Maximus is a psychopath. Past Cooper is alright but The Ghoul is the most aimless murder-hobo character. He gets dug out of the ground  He kills a guy named Tommy, takes his contract and then goes on a murder spree. And for what? Oh, he wants to find his family? But somehow has missed that the NCR is a cult worshiping the same communist woman that he met 200 years ago? And why the fuck is everything a cult in Bethesda's Fallout?  Titus was the most God awful on the nose character. In case you didn't know he was written to be unlikable so you don't feel bad when he died because the show forgot He's a FUCKING KNIGHT of the BOS and has gone through all the same training that we've seen in the games and show and yet he had the personality of a 13 year old. He should have been a mentor heroic character to Maximus that died with courage. Something that inspired Maximus to take up his name and armor and continue his quest, you know because THIS IS THE WEST COAST BROTHERHOOD OF STEEL and they imprint their dogmatic ideals into all of their recruits I'll remind you, not the whiny knights in shining armor that Bethesda made the east coast faction out to be, Actually this makes sense, Bethesda ruined the west coast BOS faction because it wasn't their invention. The Enclave was shown in the first episode, but I ask you how? It was wiped out in Fallout 2 and again in Fallout 3. Oh well, it doesn't really matter sense the Enclave have no purpose in the show and everyone automatically knows about the escaped scientist. Wait, how does everyone know that he escaped? Moldaver knows but how did the Brotherhood? The water purifier in Vault 33 breaks but is never addressed again. Do you remember the water purifier breaking in Fallout 1? Cause I remember.  Vault 4 has a trap door in a hospital for whatever fucking reason, keeps it's secrets safe via the honor system and is full of mutants despite having no evidence of FEV. Also whoever has the pregnancy fetish on the writing staff is a weirdo. The background characters act with the same level of intelligence as a Bethesda NPC. "GET THAT JELLY MOLD OUT OF HERE!" Cries one of them while everyone is dying horribly. The Vault 32 mystery falls apart once you realize the truth and think about it for ten seconds. How did a Vault 33 pipboy open the door to Vault 32 when it was clearly shown that they couldn't in the show.  Now for that scene when the fallout theme plays while Lucy holds up the NCR flag. That disgusting scene where Bethesda danced on the corpse of Fallout 1, 2 and Vegas because now they can write the west coast however they want to with no more pesky lore holding them back. THIS SHOW DOES NOT RESPECT Black Isle and Obsidian in the slightest and it's disgusting.  To quote a wise man about the Fallout show " You're Boring! You're Fucking dull! You have nothing to say! Fuck your immersion." "Bethesda just can't help to shovel its dogshit fucking crap ideology into everything! Every single solitary fucking thing!"
Well there goes your creditability. "Staying true to the source material." Lmao!
I literally said "if it shows new Vegas strip I'm gonna bust" absolute perfection.
😁👍 fallout, just grifting not a fan of actmam 👎
My love  how both Lucy and Maximus are clueless or ditzy in their ways. Lucy knowing nothing of how the surface is and Maximus just being a himbo in power armor 😂. And the Ghoul is just great all around. Also the brother has a pretty interesting arc going.
It's far-fetched, but imagine you lived in a world where spin-off content authors actually enjoyed and embraced the source material. This is Fallout. We need more things like this. The alternative is BS like Netflix's interpretation of the Witcher. They just don't get it. Honor the source material and the real fans will pull everyone else along. If it doesn't fit within your studio's modern marketing narrative, then just don't approach the content in the first place.
as a lore head for fallout, the show doesn't fuck with the lore at all.
I was so worried it was going to be awful
This show is corny, I thought it coulda been more dark and not so unrealistic.
They have to get Danny Trejo for season 2
There are laser rifles hanging on the walls in the shop during the first episode, but no actual uses.
Anybody else notice that the code for the cold fusion is the fallout 1 release date??
Walton Goggins is always awesome to watch. Loved the line “You control that suit like a f-ing shopping chart.”
Fun fact! In the scene with Mr. House the representative for Big MT is Fredrick Sinclair. You can find his skeleton on a pipe in the Dead Money dlc of New Vegas.
I really enjoyed the pre-war scenes in the show. I hope we get more pre-war content in the second season. I’d really like to see the Battle of Anchorage from Chinese and American perspectives.
that ending scene with hank peering over new vegas. while the ghoul said something about hes going to the guys in charge. no doubt hank is heading to mr. house  cant wait to see a season 2
*SPOILERS*  One of the best bits of foreshadowing in the show was when Lucy was talking about the memory of her mother in the cornfield, and she said she remembers how the Sun used to feel warm, but figured it was just because she's remembering her mother and the Sun was actually just a big spotlight in the Vault room built to look like the outdoors, but then later we realise she actually _was_ remembering the Sun because she lived on the surface as a child.   Then there's the chilling implication that perhaps that room in the Vault was deliberately built that way by Hank, to fool Lucy into thinking she never was on the surface.
My only gripe is that it basically just wrote off the NCR as this minor faction. Despite them canonically being the most powerful.
Paramount Halo could learn a lot from this.
When it came to the halo show I'm pretty sure they lost the coin
just finished it earlier today. enjoyed the first episode, but by the finale I fell in love with it. and the setup for the next season was so fucking good. also def reignited my interest in the games.
This was a great series. However I caught every WOKE and SJW/DEI reference made. Too bad that crap has to be interjected into it. But that's to subliminally sting the unconscious dopey minds with neroulinguistic programming. Just an observation. The series rocked. I did like it though.😅😅😅
I'm 3 episodes in and I'm so in love with it, I've adored the fallout series for so long and seeing it get the treatment it deserves has had me downright GIDDY.
the act shill back at it with another terrible opinion
Also exposes the whole gamers and nerds hate female characters.
Gets better with every episode! 👍 💯 a fallout story like any game.   Love how each episode is full hour.  So well done even with cheesy fallout stuff. Actual sites and sets not just all green screen.  So much better. Not woke.  Literally interconnects multiple games with being its own story telling both the past and future.  Epic.  Also answers few old questions about the great war and brotherhood of steel, various companies including Vaultec.    Absolutely cannot wait for season 2!  Nothing Fallout TV Show did anything to ruin Fallout New Vegas. Nor does destruction of Shady Sands.  Also note Bethesda Todd Howard and Director Jonathan Nolan that the bomb that took out Shady Sands happens after the events of Fallout New Vegas post 2281. Also Shady Sands wasn’t the only capital of NCR!   Considering NCR President Kimball is based out of the HUB. Seems quite a bit will be revealed in season 2.
So cool! I wasn’t planning on watching this but now I am! Great review :)
Honestly was so worried about this but as a big time fallout fan I think they doing  great
I too, will be replaying Fallout 3 for old times sake. Same game that got me into this series
My brother in Christ the surge in player count is probably because they’ve been dropping new updates for decades old games and placing every title on sale precisely when the show was airing. Not sure this is it chief.
This show rocks! Of course it’s not perfect but it feels like it was made with passion and respect for the franchise. It’s also just fun to watch!
It would be better if they bring in Zach Frinfrock to work on the show
By robot you mean synth, right?
I'm hype for BioShock now
Anyone know what I need to do so fallout 3 doesn't crash when I choose new game on steam. Windows 11
Nolan said he played Fallout 3 a TON and said New Vegas was his favorite.  Also....the slow-mo scenes are meant to be VATS.
Hail Caesar!
They did show laser weapons, didn't see any plasma weapons, but they are never shot
Unbelievably good?  What are you some kind of beta male soyboy cuck?  Do you pee sitting down?  "Unbelievably good"   Fuck that 😂
The show eas really great, no WOKE BS 👌
Should've been weekly, let us speculate/ discuss.
Walton goggins was good casting. Brought his A game. Im crossing my fingers for steven ogg to be casted into season 2
NO ITS NOT LOL
fallout theme playing when lucy held up the ncr flag actually made me tear up
I’ve heard so many negative things about this show and it’s crazy because, in my personal opinion, it perfectly encapsulates the feeling of Fallout. It’s not gonna feel 100% like the video games, BECAUSE ITS NOT! It’s a TV SHOW! The writers have played most if not all the games (unlike other video game shows out there), so they genuinely want this to be successful just as much as the fans of the series do.   Also Todd Howard literally specified that the show CANNOT retcon or change any pre established lore, so to those who said it did, I say wait for season 2 comes out as that will likely provide more background info as to what’s going on in the wasteland before making a full argument.   Right now the show’s story has only really reached the point where vault dweller discovers the first major city if this was a Fallout game, plenty of time to expand upon the lore in a good way.
One criticism I would make is that in the show, Lucy is pretty much the only source of morality, and everyone else sucks.  But in the game (especially Fallout 3) others who were born from the wasteland could be pretty decent too, such as Three-Dog, Lucas Simms, the Brotherhood of Steel, and the ghouls of Underworld (the ghoul who misses Gob and says she loves him really got to me).
I feel like season 2 might be even better than the first. And plus we might get a look at some very, very interesting pieces of lore that we haven’t got to see yet. My hype is so crazy for this show but I’ve already finished it 😂 second watch soon I guess
For any one sweating over shady sand Todd Howard said the last two drawings on the board happen years apart so the fall happened in 2277 but what we see in the show happened after New Vegas This was confirmed today
The show just feels like youre playing one of the games. Everything that the characters do or are motivated to do genuinely feels like something a player would do ingame.
9:17 moldaver in the finale has a laser pistol but it isn't shot on screen
the show is really good,laughed my ass off and i need a lucy update for fallout 4 now ^^
That dam chall board could ruin it all
They definitely left stuff out intentionally as to not play their whole hand. We didn’t see any super mutants or death claws but they hinted at them. I also like how Lucy’s character development isn’t all done in season 1. She’s still that vault dweller but is just more hardened they left room for season 2 which is why I have high hopes for it
I loved the trans man.
my boy looks like he should be inna ska concert in Portland OR
Sooo.....I'm assuming the woman in this isnt used as a vehicle for the cult to hate on half of the population? Hmmm....guess they are gonna have to spin this another way to justify that those who say their movies are garbage is for another reason this time...cause how can half the pop actually like a series wwith a woman (yuck) lead.....Almost like us saying just make a GOOD CHARACTER IS EXACTLY WHAT THAT MEANS.....
It’s cool to know that the Vault Boy pretty much became a ghoul bounty hunter
They need to make the final end shot of the final season being some guy, not Vault-tec (IDK, maybe in England or something, though they'd be okay with it ultimately), leaning back on a a chair. He starts falling asleep, slowly, and his foot eventually slips and hits a button, starting the first nuke in the world (in the 21st century anyways), then the next country sees something launched and then and launches theirs, and then other people see that and launch all of theirs, and so on and so forth...
I saw that DUN DUM DUN DUN DUN coming from miles away lmao
I'm really sad we can't have a Halo show like this. Canon-adjacent but also has absolutely nothing to do with the actual canon. I don't want a Halo game about Master Chief, I want a show about random Marines fighting the Covenant with MAYBE a "whoa, is that a Spartan" moment, ala Halo 3. Damn you Fallout for showing us what we wanted!!
I absolutely LOVED the series! The one thing I can't stand is how people are being so mean about Ella's appearance, as if she has ANY control about how her face looks
I was expecting an average show just doing fan service but it exceeded my expectations.
People are on about mr.house. which was amazing but also the owner of the Sierra madre was at that meeting too.
Eeehhh.... I don't know man,I'm still questioning my sub don't make me yank it,I'll do it.
My theory is shady sands was wiped out by the brotherhood. They were finishing off their biggest rival
I think moldaver had an institute looking pistol it had the yellow energy cell
You could say the opener was a “banger” 😂 I’ll see myself out now
The retcon that everyone is so upset about does bother me a bit. It feels very much like Bethesda pulled A HALO REACH in this instance. But it doesn't change the fact that the show was amazing and I already want to re-watch it. And i too just put a bunch of mods into one of the games so I can play it again.
The fallout show was amazing game adaptation even if you don’t like fallout I’d recommend giving the show a shot especially if you like watching game adaptation film
Can't believe that sponsor video got me ! I am in that discord now ! DAMNNN UU ACTT MANN but thanks also hehe
lol, I got a fallout 76 ad before the video played
Simp over people who want to erase you from existence. You people are morons.
They didn't use vats
I was not expecting the show to blow me away like it did. We (gamers) have been burnt so many times with adaptations that even after the few good ones, I was still skeptical. The Fallout TV Show is a must watch.   Also, that ending scene for Ep. 8!!! Season 2 is going to be spectacular!
Don't worry, Borderlands is going to be a flaming pile of dogshit.
Spoilers:     The show is good, I just wish that it focused on a side story and wasn’t setting up the next game.  The NCR (from what we can tell, is eliminated with only splinter groups left).   How will Vault Tec deal with Caesars legion, Enclave splinter cells, and the Institute?
I hate the NCR
I loved all characters so much Amazon you knocked this out the park now I’m really hyped for god of war Amazon is making
Was Pearlman in FO4?
currently replaying Fallout 3 because of the show...going to hit New Vegas and 4 after
"Thou shall get side tracked by bullshit every god damn time" Is my favorite line in the show because it just goes to show when you TRY and do the main quest no matter what you will ALWAYS get side tracked by side quests and random shit instead. EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. 😂😂😂😂
YOU’RE USING A SONG FROM THE SIPHON FILTER SOUNDTRACK
I really enjoyed your description and how you convay yourself. Your points are very logical and I enjoy hearing you say things I think. Thanks for the video!
They really needed a W on this, let's face it fallout fans are harsher than a nuclear winter and if they messed this up they would have been review bombed to hell
I like that all the conversations are over the shoulder like in the games
I still can’t get over how the first few episodes had that “early game” feel. It was rough but turned out solid as diamond.
I've played hundreds of hours of each fallout game and I absolutely love this show. Showing New Vegas and a deathclaw skull at the end has me so excited for the future. It also helps that the actress that plays Lucy actually played the game and RESPECTS the source material unlike a lot of new shows and movies lately.
First Time Playing Fallout:  "Shot the Raider, Whooo~!!  Ooop, the Raider is cowering and running away!  Ok!  I won- huh?  Is that dying Raider RETURNING...?  Why?  Oh man, I can't SPARE them or scare them off?!  You're Making me Kill You, Why?!" *Bang!!!* ... ... ... o.O;
I loved the show but I HATE what they did to the NCR
Actman i haven't played the game.. should i play it first then watch the show?
Lucy brother was great but jesus Christ i had no clue people were made that small
They better hint at aliens in the show eventually or I will hate this show forever.
The only reason Todd came out with that " interview" is to playcate everyone. didnt work. This show is not canon to Fallouts 1,2, tactics, and FNV. Bethesda needs to get f*cked for trying retcon FNV and blowing smoke up your a$$.
the Fallout show was so fucking good, I can't wait for season 2  also without spoiling much, Maximus really did put all his points in luck lmao
7:45 Did somebody say DEMOCRACY!!!!!!! 🤨 🤖 🦗 ☄️☄️☄️☄️
Who is going to tell actman that his favorite fallout game was shat on and made meaningless by this show?
Maximus is the least likeable character that were supposed to empathize with ive seen in a while.
I was waiting for this
❤
Absolutely loved the show, my only criticism is the power armour being able to fly without the Jetpack modification
The show is littered with plot holes, Maximus survives the nuke on shady sands when the fridge he was in literally had a big hole in the back of it where the fan is making the fridge useless, If ghouls needed meds to survive there wouldn't be nearly enough of a supply to last 280 years. Having the power armor use a built in zipline from the vertibird is useless both because they could land at that height no issue and now they all magically have jet pack sleeves. Shady sands gets nuked a good 10 years before new vegas even takes place. The hoover damn is pretty much ignored as a viable power source for the area even though its the most viable option for an area like The bone yard in LA. A fusion core literally can power an entire vault and yet seems to have magical limitations to a small sized town. NCR lady managed to survive 280 years with 0 explanation. Shes not enclave shes not west tek shes not Vault-tec how the hell would she have access to that tech at all? The ghouls daughter was on the back of his horse as the bombs were dropping yet somehow she ended up taken from him to safety somewhere without the father. NCR went from being a multi commonwealth state run militia with a working government and infrastructure to being a group of raiders. ( they literally went into the vault and killed as many people as they can.. for what? They got the dad out what was the point? The show ignores obvious things that even a normal person would do. The overseers son was the saving grace in the entire thing yet when he gets to vault 31 he jumps right to computer functions and doesnt even bother reading the personal logs. But yeah lets just keep guessing and not click on an obvious solution to figure things out. Breeding super managers makes 0 sense from vault-tecs standpoint. The enclave scientist left his "job" because  It was morally questionable to try and control dogs but its was perfectly ok to experiment on humans. like a dog.. That's where he drew the line. From a scientific standpoint it makes no sense to put the brain of the vault-tec guy in a roomba even though vault tec knew well before the war the effects of robobrains and using said brain way past its time. Needless to say they get violent with homicidal rage if not outright try to off themselves to get out of the endless misery. Also the brain roomba had no ocular socket. Now they see with science i guess. House went from just having "contacts" in the government that informed him of the bombs before to outright being apart of said group. As well as many some others that shouldn't have even been in that room.
It's a damn shame how awful the Fallout show is, i hope they do better next season.
It's unbelievably garbage.
i think i played Fallout for 30 minutes tops.... but the show is quite good, i hope Amazon can keep it up for the remaining of the show, each vault has so much material, we can be watching the show until the real nuclear war starts.
Please no background music!!!!!!!!!!!!!
7:00 come one Act Man. Synth! It's right there! Unless this was to detect synths.. AM I A SYNTH!?
i didn't like like some of the  comedy i wish it had a more serious tone i did like the idea of the great war bankrupting America and these corporations moved in and bought everything
I can't stop rewatching please somebody help me
What? This is a 6 or 7 max. Awkward acting, iffy effects, obvious writing. Not to mention the whole brotherhood story is groanworthy everytime it shows up. It has the tone right and thats about it. To show arcane while talking about it is laughable Arcane is a work of art compared to this.
That’s how you make a TV show of a video game *Looks at Halo* 👀
I will say the show did a lot of good and faithfulness for the most part, but some things like saying the quiet part out loud with vault tech but other than that it's a great start.
These woke commie pinkos... Fucking nailed it!
I've always enjoyed Fallout but have never actually finished one because life is busy. However, the show inspired me to go back to New Vegas and I plan on going through it and 4 no matter how long it takes
Fallout TV show: I'm a faithful adaptation of a beloved game series and respect the lore and tone of the franchise.  Halo TV show: master cheeks.💀
When fallout new vegas came out I was 11 and i hated it because I was young and just wanted to run around and shoot people. But now I'm 25 I watched the whole show in 1 night and played fallout new vegas for 17 hours the next day.
Ready for the synthetic man fans to infect this comment section lmao
the act man lies, the show is 6/10 at its best, 2/10 at its worst.
Which mod pack (or just favorites of yours) are you using for New Vegas?
He really "🦧🦧🦧" 14:39
Is that Dead Rising ambience music? I swear that sounds so familiar
I remember seeing one of the guards in the enclave holding an energy weapon
$5 says Ron Perlman has a cameo in the second season. He was just making sure he didn't jump into a failure.
I’m a simple man. I see an Act man video, I click
I was so sceptical too and I wasn't even going to watch it, but god damn it is a good! Like one of the best shows ive ever seen.
k....... I'm convinced.
when you hit a 96% of nearly perfect the other 4% on nitpicking should be swept away. lets face it, they did really fucking good. litterla nickpick I can see is, none ron pealman and the little bit of recon in the lore that was vegue (and stiill is). The sets are great the people do there rolls perfectly and theres plenty of easter eggs and such that thoes who play the games got a taste from nearly ever game.
7:09
I'm happy it turned out well but I'm sad my boy mitten squad can't see it
Not a fallout fan but glad it ended up good you fallout fans deserved a w
its such a shame matthew perry cant be in this show, he would have been perfect for the obvious benny cameo thats gonna come in season 2.
I had problems with Maximus but then I started to see he added all of his special points into luck and it makes sense, no charisma, no Agility, no strength, no intelligence and no perception haha.
Please revisit Cyberpunk 2077
For those saying perlman wasnt in FO4, he played the TV anchor at the beginning.
Common Act Man L, this show is beyond mid, much like the rest of fallout is.  It's not as bad as the Halo show, but that's like saying Starfield isn't as bad as stage 4 cancer.  Imagine needing Todd fucking Howard, a man who outsources all the lore shit to other, even less competent people, to come in and try to close up lore inconsistencies *POST* launch (Bethesda really out here trying to patch their TV show like they do Fallout 76).  If I wanted a cringe Fallout show who's only big strengths are costumes and cinematography, I'd just watch Nuka Break.
I highly dislike the 3d Fallout games, I find the games artistically bland and the main quest never captivated me. Am I going to enjoy this show's story at all?
this show really is the test if somebody can sniff out slob or not
The show has so many funny little details that only fans of the games would get. For instance the squires carrying the oversized packs for the brotherhood knights screams turning your companions into pack rats for you 😂.
Speaking of fallout will there ever be a video covering the DLC of NV? First one on the base game was pretty good
Did we watch the same show act man seriously I think I disagreed with everything and that’s ok but wtf
They nailed it. Binge watched it and was blown away. the music, settings, charecters, creatures and tech were kick ass! Jims Limbs? I mean come on. Awesome.
this show made me *pop like a pimple* and theres still more to come. 😅
The thing with the laser and plasma weapons bothered me a lot, thank for mentioning it actman (i swear one of the weapons is in game a laserweapon) but i still liked the show alot
i think, the main thing this show does well, is characters. I fucking LOVE Maximus and Norm, these are my dudes... they did a great job making us care about the characters in a way that works within fallout... like Maximus being conflicted between his allegiance he feels to the brotherhood, and what is probably a better option for his personal life, its cool.
My biggest complaint is that they USE LASER WEAPONS AS BALLISTIC WEAPONS, but genuinely the fact that most of the complaints are nitpicking is a huge win
It's got Walter motherfucking Goggins in it as a COWBOY. Nuff said.
Glad you included that joke about holding the docs sketch over his headless body, not sure why but that one got me out of most
Gotta be honest the nailed it with this one, and then you see the flag in the back with the theme. And you cry a bit, because you know that flag and you know that theme.  Also Timothy Cain THE CREATOR said that he liked it.
Ok but that super awesome thing that happened at the very end of the season made me cheer and jump up and down. I’m not even joking. I got that excited.
My only issue is how lighthearted the topside is. I'd prefer it to be scary and gritty, and then juxtapose that to the normal vaults and bland towns.
Looks like Bethesda magic also affects shows. Let's see how long the facade holds up in people's minds
Todd Howard JUST CONFIRMED today that everything that happened in the games, STILL has happened.. And to clarify and clear up confusions about Shady sands he said..   That Shady sands failing, and the nuking of it, happened at very seperate times..   He further elaborated with, Shady sands collapsed directly DUE to the events of New Vegas, the ongoing wars stretched Shady sands paat its breaking point.. NCR moved its "capital" else where..   The bombing happened to the stragglers.. the people living there without the protections of NCR, also, without the infrastructure.. mainly Power and water.. those left with NCR.. **hence the need for the cold fusion generator**  ** is MY guess, not confirmed by showrunners or todd "
So is the NCR and legion still kicking? Didn’t see any legion or mention but NCR rangers seem like they have less to do with how they were portrayed
God the act ćuck is so lame. Why did I get recommended this trash? I don't like servile wokes.
Halo fans watching the fallout show be good…
You think if i kidnapped Opprnheimer in the dead of night and show him Fallout, would he just blow up?
Got a few problems on the continuity front and rewrite front but it was  good over all 8/10
OBJECTION!  During your criticism for the show, you talked about the fact that the Fallout show is "canon", yet when the Halo show is NOT canon, you don't allow for more creative freedom? Another expression of our culture being made more accessible to a broader audience? Imagine NOT playing a Halo game at all since its inception, you watch the show, it gets you intrigued. Then you decide to pick up on the games and instead of going *tilts glasses up* wElL aCtUaLlY you are instead blown away by the narrative masterpiece that the Halo series is, I am not concerned about things being not out of lore because in the fact that it IS canon, they have to do their due diligence to make sure that there choices for the show match up with the lore, even the smallest details, hell, they have left easter eggs in the damn show. I really wish that people didnt have such a hot take with the Halo show, there are some genuine critiques, absolutely, but I adore the new direction for a franchise that i grew up on.
ACK- man is crazy how do you think this slop is good
I purposefully avoided watching and reviews, wanted to have a genuine take. 4 episodes in and I’m really pleasantly surprised. Finally a good game to screen adaptation!
Trash take
I kept an open mind because i love fallout 3 and nv. I didnt watch any trailers so i had no expectations. And im extremely impressed with the show. I saw maybe 2 people say it was woke and terrible acting and sets. But those people are retarded as fuck. The sets are great. They got the nostalgia feels right for the fans, theres little to no "the message" involved. But yes disappointed ron pearlman wasnt narrator
The power armor suits look ridiculously good. I assumed it was like the MCU where its just guy in a CGI suit with a stick on his head but its hard to tell if its not practical. I also almost stood up and saluted when Lucy showed the flag with that banger goosebumps theme playing.
i love that you say that they respect the source material, but everywhere i keep seeing people coping how todd howards somehow hates new vegas...
My only big issue is that the power armor didn't *feel* as hefty as they are. The motion didn't quite fit the power aspect.
Agree 100% - Favorite characters Cooper, Lucy and Stephanie (the blonde psycho lol, she's awesome)
You're never going to please everyone and for those wetting the bed about retconning they should listen to Tim Cain, the creator of the Fallout Universe. This is Fallout lmao, not Tolkien's Legendarium.
My only issue with the show was that there was too many coincidences, I'm referring to how the 3 characters kept bumping into one another. But then I chalked it up to "it's like a side quest from game, you just keep bumping into the same npc over and over."
I'm going to give it a shot I love the Fallout universe so I do hope is going to be great.
Okay Loki I've been playing fallout 76 I played it when it first came out I got to like level 50 got bored I've been playing it with my boys it's good it took 6 years but it's it's good I would recommend
"Thou Shalt get Sidetracked by bullshit every Goddamn time"  One of my favorite memeable yet true quotes on this TV show
I absolutely love the show but on my second watch, one thing doesn't add up. Hank sees Maldover right at the beginning when they make a trade for   Monty. I'm pretty sure Hank knew who she was before the bombs dropped so how did he not know something was up or at the very least, acknowledge her? They spend the whole show saying everyone knows who Maldover is. It just seems strange. Maybe I missed something idk. It's possible he never heard of her before being locked in the vault but that's all I can think of.
Didn’t you defend a scammer? Did you retract that or are you still pro scammer?
The lore is amazing and i really hope they don't fuck it up  they should have Thestoryteller though it would just fit
Play DOOM VFR
People are over blowing the "retcon" situation. It only impacts the dates. Now, I don't know how (or why) the show made mistake like that, considering they are so careful with everything else. I can only see it being intentionally, but for the life of me, I don't see why. I mean, they could prevent the mistake and undo the retcon by stating the retcon event happened 5 or 10 years after when they said it happened in the show, and so the lore would have been unchanged. Still, it's very minor, and honestly easily solved by saying Maximus simply made a mistake.  Also, finally a show that show, doesn't tell. So good
I really really hope we see the Mysterious Stranger in season two
30 seconds in, fully agree lol. I never knew fallout but im hoping like The Last Of Us, ill just be taken on a ride that's gonna make me fall in love with the lore. I hope bioshock gets this kinda love at some time too
No it isn't.
I honestly was so surprised how good it was but I'm glad. Nothing like playing fallout 4 and watching a show related to it
This show ruined fallout. I cannot believe the amount of people cheering for it. Insanely depressed
I like the show, but the story has moments that make no sense
The House cameo might suggest the House ending is the canon ending for Fallout: New Vegas, since the mark 2 securitrons cleared the Mojave of hostile creatures and people.
I am loving the show and it's made me actually get off my ass and start playing fallout games that I bought and....never really played
Wish it had The Wanderer and Atom Bomb Baby tracks. I was waiting for them.
So you're telling me that adding a pansexual, nonbinary deathclaw won't make the show better?
Looking good in the suit. Great throwback to the Fall Vegas review, good times.
Really? I think it's full of the message and it's pissing me off.
This series is mid at best
No wonder the comedy lands I'm only like half way through and I've recognized like 6 or 7 different people who have been in successful comedy shows
I only have one problem, it retcons some fallout 1 lore and logic.  The Master's whole reasoning of raiding vaults was because they were uncontaminated. How tf he doesn't realise a holy grail of a triple vault basically next to him?
Hope this doesn’t cause any fallout between us…. Fallout new Vegas
I’m not a fan of the show, ultimately I believe people’s opinions are going to end up exactly like Starfield, where everyone is meat riding the product because it’s new and shiny and brand recognition, then after a couple weeks the honeymoon period ends and scores will drop when people had time to digest and process the story and its world building consequences.
ActMan wrong again this show is full of browns, troons and anti white rhetoric
I watched the first episode. It's not ass and actually has decent characters and plot so far. I'm not really sold on it yet
Hey so, I have Fallout 1,2,3 and New Vegas because of the epic free games so which do y’all recommend me to start with? I know 3 and New Vegas are pretty good so I’m mostly between those 2. The show made me very interested in Fallout but I haven’t had the time to play a big rpg until now
I've seen people complain that this show is a progressive mouth piece and I don't understand. The most progressive characters in the show are the citizens of Vault 33 and they are constantly shown to be spineless dumb idiots who constantly make the dumbest decisions possible.
I’ve never been more hyped for another season of a show
Fallout show in a few words: The lore is ignored. White men bad, white men bad fathers. Lesbians good. Communism good.
I love the fallout show. Omg it’s so good HAY Disney suck it
It was honestly really impressive how they made the fo4 assault rifle not look like shit. And they gave it the power a gun that big would have
Only maximus is the most annoying
15:24 Installing some mods eh? I might recommend a mod that acts like Day Z, kinda dusty at times. But still worth to play
Yknow imagine how good kieran culkan couldve done as lucys brother
The Shillman is at it again, this guy is as fake and corrupt as the access media, the show is horrible, filled with left-wing politics, cringe millennial """""""humor"""""" and lore sodomies, Bethesda is dead, and tiny Todd is simply parading its corpse while pretending they are still worth something.
In the next season there should be a raider that expo dumps super hard and it pans out to him talking to himself after taking some jet
I heard they may retcon New Vegas because of Todd Howard's jealousy that he didn't make the game by having the main area of the game nuked. I hope it's not true.
Thanks Act Man! 😉👍🏼
I wonder if Bioshock could be made into a show. This gives me hope.
This gives me hope for video game adaptations
This show had me In The Mood (by Glenn Miller) to start playing the games. I get the hype now.
My question is, WHERE IS THE NCR TROOPER?
I like to think the sexual moments in the show are references to half the player base of these games running devious mods
Something I haven't seen really mentioned by anyone, is how even some peoples NAMES are some you'd hear straight from the games.  BARV, WILZIG, TITUS, MAXIMUS, MOLDIVER, MA JUNE etc... these names are DEFINITELY Fallout kinda names.  Idk, just another thing I appreciated, I guess.  Favorite scene is from Episode 2 at Filly.  The scene with the no "ain't no skank!" lady from Breaking Bad (Dale Dickey), she rocked that shit.  She felt like a real wastelander to me, then followed up by Coopers introduction.  Shit was wild.
There were energy weapons in the enclave scenes
That season finale ending had me jumping out my seat! Amazing writing and good pace with the story.  I can't wait for season 2.
You don't see one be fired but I did see someone walking around with a laser rifle.
Since I haven't seen any recent roles for Ron Perlman. He might be featured in season 2 as a radio host.
6:39 What episode is this 😂 😂 😂
It retconned most of f1 f2 and fnv soo nope my man it’s isn’t awesome. The actor etc are good yeah but fuck Bethesda I’m not watching anymore of it the second I saw shady sand in la(don’t even start on the fact that shady sand isn’t in fucking la lol) the whole story is shit. It’s just fallout 3 story with a twist that daddy is evil.
That’s what happens when the show runners actually respect and like the original IP
The show blew my expectations for sure, definitely the best most recent fallout stuff we've gotten
I was hoping we would see some sort of VATS and SPECIAL type system. maybe in season 2
I'm a huge Witcher fan, warhammer fan, and halo fan. I like fallout a lot but I can't help but be a little pissed that fallout is the one they didn't fuck uo
My favorite part about the show was the references to cowboy films from the ghoul. Spoilers ahead:   When the ghoul comes to the fathers lead farm and he’s just sitting there as a reference to the good bad and the ugly with Lee van cleef’s character was awesome! It also is a mirror to cooper’s move towards more violent films instead of American westerns where good guys show mercy
Now we just need a dagoth ur movie
Are you following Viva New Vegas? I just recently wanted to hop back into the game and following that mod guide was very helpful! Feels like a whole new experience, and is 100% the most stable I've ever seen that game lmao
One of the guards in Ep2 at the Enclave had a Laser Rifle, but never used it.   Ma june's shop had one on that sign near the front door.
Be honest, how many takes did it take for you to catch the coin perfectly?
Yeahhhhh, can't do the dishonest shilling anymore man.  Unsubbing and best of luck.
Yikes this show sucks my boy definitely got payed to say this
My favorite thing about these gaming adaptations, is how they become a medium that which my parents can consume universes, that ive always been passionate about. Theres never really been a good way of explaining them or showing them, without them sitting down and playing for themselves. Truly a gift to be able to enjoy these universes, and interests with my family
I liked when Lucy tries talking to a couple and they say nothing and I said to my gf "Those NPCs don't have dialogue."
Patrolling the Mojave almost makes you wish for a “Why was the Fallout New Vegas DLC So Awesome” review
There were energy weapons shown but they were often holstered. I’m pretty sure at least one got fired in a fight but I’ll have to rewatch. Yk a shows good when you’re looking forward to rewatching
They kinda undid everything the old fallouts had setup in the west. The NCR wasn't just some weak faction, it was a powerhouse with laws and taxes spanning over California and many territories. The NCR citizens you run into in New Vegas, aren't wearing rags, they're actually dressed and civilized. The show said "that's not what Fallout looks like, it's supposed to be a lawless wasteland." So that's what this show did. So it is in essence retconning what happened in the previous games by undoing all the progress the West has made towards civilization. Guaranteed the same thing is happening to the Legion in the East. Being undone and destroyed because too structured.
If any of y'all don't like the show simply because it has a non-binary person in it: Good, I hope you continue to be uncomfortable until you grow the fuck up
Finally
It won't have any effect on Fo5, Jonathan Nolan has said in interviews that he worked very closely with Todd and already knows what will happen in 5. He stated Todd was always on hand to tell them they could or couldn't do certain things depending on if it conflicts with 5's story. There are energy weapons, just none fired, Moldova (however it's spelt) has a laser pistol, the crazy old ladies shop sign has a laser rifle on it. There's others about.
I absolutely loved this show !!! I was watching it with my GF and we had so many different theories and speculations going into the last episode. I also think it did a great job on hooking people to the story, im a big fallout fan and my Gfs only experience with it is seeing me play the odd time and she was hooked the entire time
Ngl, I  think the right person could make an silent hill show work. It could be a different person every season because the town plays to each specific persons "trauma".🤷🏾
Blew halo show out of the water
Please don’t f*** up season 2 Bethesda!!!
I can't wait for bass boosted helldiver's 2 theme to become a meme lol
Lol no it isnt.
I scoffed at the idea of this series being any good, just another cash grab and all that. Oh pip-boy, I'm glad I was wrong. I just hope it won't be another Witcher incident going forward.
"when that character made a cameo? that was awsome!" birch no it wasn't! it was nonsensical!  I think this sums up the show the best, it's a nonsensicle jumble of fallout ideas
Halo review
whatever show amazon showed me clearly isnt what everyone else got, show sucked.
I jumped into Fallout 76 because of this show and I've been very impressed where the game is at these days. I've been staying away from it because of all the negativity sourrounding it, but after spending a couple days playing it , It feels like a real fallout game now and its a great time to jump in.  Free on game pass and only 8 bucks on steam.  If you have friends to play with its the way to go.
It’s so weird as a NV fan I’m so disappointed that the NCR was written off… BUT ON THE OTHER HAND HOLY SHIT THE SHOW IS GREAT!
I liked when Maximus stops the fight between those 2 guys  "Its just that... He was fucking my chickens"
I've seen you spit out some dogshit opinions but this takes the cake. Unsubbed
Yes I love Ron pearlman for voicing fallout. But before I played fallout, he was the one who was mad because that Jerry just shot a whole through his new pair or britches he had just gotten in Enemy at The Gates 😂🫡
A small detail I absolutely adored, was that the squires of the knights of the brotherhood of steel are portrayed as the companions of the games. Also the codsworth easter egg and the first time maximus gets along the farmer and the snakes-oil salesman, first time in his powerarmor just to find out he helped the salesman that fucked the farmers chickens... really the feeling you get in a fallout game. Also I'm not the biggest sucker for lore espacially in video games, I dont mind it too much, that they got dates wrong or mixed-up
The title is a joke, right?
You know, because of how well this has gone maybe it’ll get some attention to the Slavic janky cousin of fallout
I'm watching it now, and it's okay. I'm not really a fan of the Bethesda Fallout universe though.
As a NV fanboi that ending hit me like a tonne of bricks, but I understand the circumstances that led to it. NV talks constantly about how the NCR is corrupt as hell with the water and brahmin barons like Hank Gunderson. “When the barons become more powerful than the sheriff, the whole town burns.” -The Ghoul
My favourite moment in the show was when the camera panned over THE THING and then THAT MUSIC played. It was soooooooooo goooood.
Absolutely loved it! Can’t wait for season 2! Halo writers, did you even play halo????
I saw that thumbnail change you sneaky little deuce
I mean it threw existing lores out of the window, but as a show itself was actually pretty good. Also, this is the second time I see the guy who play Norm. Last time (and the first time) I seen him was in Ender's Game hospitalized fighting with Ender.
Just again fuck the halo show.
i only seen 1 episode and i’m pretty pleased, quite hopeful indeed. we can do this people. force them to make stuff we actually like. or else we give them no money. it’s pretty obviously open & one sided.
The fact that I've been meaning to replay New Vegas for some time but I always postponed it until I watched the show and now I just left Goodsprings.
We’re in an era of clickbait rumors from 10 years ago coming true and I’m on like a 3 year awe streak of the actually good and brand new content big franchises have let out  12:33 I let out a tear at this music cue and I can’t stop replaying it here  Like my mother is still mid season but she is past that shot by now and I couldn’t explain to her how that shot made me feel. Besides that whole scene being such a fan service moment that for that shot, even without words, fans will get the message. I felt like if dogs across the county were letting out a mournful howl. A field of a hundred thousand men standing up, turning at attention and saluting.
Can't we appreciate that the Fallout 4's "assault rifle" is being used as intended, cause in the concept arts the "AR" was intended to be a machine gun to be wield it in Power Armor. In the series is so f#cking gigantic that i would consider a heavy machine gun like the M2, and it fits really well with the T-60.
This video is unbearable to watch "it's extremely faithfull to the source material" Act man truely a master of gaslighting
Just be ron perilmen and show it to people who might enjoy it over people whole will prove you don't want and atomic winter 😅.
I don't care if ypu love it or hate it, I personally think it's a little above average. BUT STOP PRESENTING YOUR OPINIONS AS FACT!
Rare Act Man L
Favorite thing from Mr Ghoul Man  "Rule 1 of the Wasteland: Thou shalt get sidetracked by bullshit, every god damn time"
HEYYY!!!   G Gundam     Miralo     Ta bueno
Us Halo fans are fealing really shitty rn...
"i'm bitter that YOU GUYS have a great show" prooves how uninvolved he is with fallout this show was not made for fallout fans, it's an insult to the franchise
Only problem with the show was Episode 2 inside of the cave you look out and see the background trees are all warped and badly framed in the shot like it was a projector and the image was being wrapped around. Should have been re-shot.
I've always wanted to play Fallout 3 and New Vegas, when I finished the show I instantly bought both and downloaded both onto my Steam Deck, LOVING new vegas!
After seeing your take and a few others, I'll go ahead and give this a chance. Was totally gonna pass on it.
I’m so fucking pissed with the lore changes they made.
I just beat the original fallout loved the show
The show was unreal, it was absolute cinema!
I've seen alot of hate on it but I've watched it twice and really like it. Made me re-download fallout 3 and 76 lol.
Holy crap i expected this to fail I will try and see the show now before even the review
Mr house cameo AND maybe Dr 0 o Dr Klein from Big Mt
I had low expectations, and I was honestly blown away. I can’t wait to see what they do with New Vegas in season 2.
"You wanna have sex?" I'd probably say no on reflex from sheer surprise of that suddenly being said.
Tone and vibe is too much affected of Fallout 4. And we all know that the original Fallout vibe is everything but Fallout 4...
I've always loved the fallout franchise I'm glad to see it get a good show
It's just not well written, directed, or acted. The only thing going for it is the cool lore, or what it's left, so the things that didn't come from that show. If you take out those, you have a mediocre show.
It's like a 7.5 out of 10.
Its not good though.
Remember when you tried to prove az was a snake by revealing private conversations that your friend mauler topd you not to do but you said fuck it and done it anyway?
The show is awesome, there is a theory that the BOS that we see in the show is the ex Caesars legion who joined the bos.
Uh oh, a high quality video game-to-tv adaptation is standing right behind me, isn’t there?
(speaking of Marvel like humor) Me the first time a T-60 flew: They fly now??!
The show hasn't even broken the lore. It's just some people complaining about nothing.
Its not that i cant say "what the fuck" when stuff happens, its just that i've been a long time out there in the wasteland, i've seen some shit...
the only good thing about this show is how it *looks* everything else is just kinda meh. the story is just the basic "find family member" plot for the female protagonist and the marvel quips are pretty repetitive and not very good to listen to over and over again. and we can't forget the fact that it's heavily implied that they blew up shady sands FOUR YEARS BEFORE new vegas, making it very *odd* that the NCR in that game would wanna send power to the DESTROYED RUINS of shady sands when that would literally be a waste of resources. howard clarified that "no actually the bombing of the most important city in the series actually happened just after the events of new vegas". so first of all, the show is running with the thought that the NCR ending in new vegas is canon i guess. but second of all, how would the fall of shady sands also mean that the NCR somehow eventually withered away when a significant part of the army is in control of the entire Mojave Wasteland at that point? it just does not make sense at all and really seems like the showrunners just wanted to write the NCR out of the series.  overall though: the series is just whatever. i don't care for it anymore after this comment.
I love it.  And it made me dust off the games and start playing again.
The Act Man it’s all an act, man
I do not think it was unbelievable good. Due to what they did to the NCR . They took that part of their lore and threw it out the window. If they did not say this was cannon then I would of not minded it. But as a fallout fan I cannot accept this show.
Act man had to bring out the checkered suit once again ❤
The only thing I didnt quite enjoy about the show is the lack of scale (Idk if im saying properly) because it seemed like Character is in location A and needs to get to Location B and they seem to get there very fast but Character B who was in Location X also seemed to get to Location B at almost the exact same time! Like, how much time passed? How far apart are these locations? I didnt quite like the "Oh what a coinkidink, I just so happen to find Dogmeat in a NukaCola dispenser!". Other than that, the show is good as fuck
Why did Lucy shoot her ghoul mom?
Best show I've seen in a while
😮...😂
Imagine respecting the story of an IP loved by millions. You don't even have to 100% just keep it close and give the fans they want.  The fact we got something from almost every Fallout game (I think minus Brotherhood and the tactics game).  Also the show having trans actresses and not having it thrown in our faces "you have to watch our show cause we have trans people" is a breath of fresh air.  Everyone nailed their role in that show, from the main cast to the dude with sand in his water purifier.
As much as i love the show, I really hate how it pushes the East Coast Brotherhood into the West and has the awful Bethesda problem of thinking civilization can't go further than scrap metal shacks...also they nuked Shady Sands, one of the most important areas in Western Fallout.
did you actually play the game? cus the show makes 0 sense lore wise. Plus Ghouls need to take shots to stay not feral? Ghouls name is just Ghoul? The people adapted to the world? they alll seem like idiots. in the game theres actually smart people in the wasteland.
When they were exploring vault 32, that was the closest I ever felt to watching a game made into a show. Watching the characters exploring the creepy and dark tunnels of an abandoned vault was literally perfect. Loved the show so much.
It's funny to think that 15 years ago, if I say there would be several good videogame adaptations people'd have laughed at me. People were completely sure it was imposible to do a good game adaptation to a movie or a series. At that time, the most decent videogame movie we had was Silent Hill
so ive never played new vegas on pc, which mods should i use first or should i play vanilla again since its been a very long time
"unbelievebly good" LMAO IM DEAD a TV show that fucks up the lore THIS MUCH there is no way we actually saw the same show Or maybe act man solely played fallout 4 once and never touched the franchise again, that could be a possibility
Spoiler alert. Bombs explode and people try to survive in the nuclear fallout….wait. Is that why they call it Fallout? I thought it was after the teen band thats way too old to be singing like that
Definitely need a full series review!!!!!!!! With spoilers
i got jumpscared, BY DEMOCRACY!
Yes, I can confirm that THAT last shot from the last episode had me rolling on my bed like crazy and had me crying literal tears of joy and excitement. I can wait for S2!!!
He forgot about the nod to Codsworth
If you think this is good you have serious mental issues seek help
This show is TERRIBLE, first of all the crypts experiments have been desinged to preper humanity for a space travel. BUT FOR SOME REASON IN THE SHOW it's just an evil company doing evil stuff for no REASON. The Fallout desingers made a great strory and i wish they would not lose the rights to fallout BETHESTAD IS SHIT and they made fallout A SHIT GAME and a SHIT SHOW
The only thing I could say is bad is how they portrayed how a fission and/or fusion bombs explosions would look like, on the footage that is shown here it just looks like a jacked chemical explosion
Love these more casual discussion videos between larger projects!! Hope you keep doing them!!
I liked the show but I don’t like retcon of Mr House, and having the war started by Vault tech makes no sense. But overall it was enjoyable unlike some shows…….Halo lol
Holy shit of COURSE you think it's good. Mf just straight up lied to hundreds of thousands.  So how much did Amazon/Bethesda pay you for this?
Act ma’am
After watching the series i have gone back to replay all of the fallout  series, also the creators of the original games loved the tv series and the lore
Cant wait for season 2. we all know where its going next 😉
all I wanted it was Fallout London this month, but thanks Todd, again
I just love that when they got raided in episode 1 they were just so damn calm about it it was insane. The funniest part is when Woody yelled "Get THAT JELLY MOLD OUT OF HERE!" and they got blown to fucking bits right after.
Honestly this sucks, I did not expect the show to be as good as it turned out to be, now I want to play a new fallout game and there's not going to be anything happening on that front in awhile. Guess ill get the Fallout 4 next gen update to try and scratch the itch but Bethesda has to let Obsidian work on a new fallout game now. Imagine Fallout season 3 being released along side Fallout New Vegas 2. My hype levels would be insane.
Rest In Peace Matthew Perry, reckon he would've loved it <3
Don't think I didn't notice the GoldenEye 64 pause menu music
Shill man shills for more woke garbage. Who’s surprised?
GAS BRO ITS FKIN GASSSS
I still refuse to even give it a chance. Simply because Bethesda is involved with the show and I refuse to support them in any capacity. Maybe someday I'll get over it. Maybe when Todd Howard is no a longer an existing factor of that place. You also forgot to put Fallout 4 and Fallout 3 in the image of Bethesda fucking up the lore.
This show is trully the first time i see gameplay be so perfectly inserted to a show
For me this show was just another reminder of how I'm not part of Fallout's intended demographic anymore. Brotherhood of Steel (again), Enclave (again), vault dweller leaves the safety of the vault for the first time in search of a family member (again), Wasteland looks more desolate and people more primitive than in Fallout 1 for some reason, any hope at immersion into the world was broken every 30 seconds either by cringe fan service or 1950s music blasting into my headphones, improv levels of "comedy", etc. All of this would be tolerable if the story had at least some nuance to it, but it was just so wacky and face-value with uninspired dialogue and characters. Looks like Fallout on the surface, but there's no meat on them bones (so pretty much a Bethesda game in a non-game format). Also, let's spend 30% of the show's runtime in the pre-war era because that's what everyone loves about Fallout...doing a deep-dive into the reasons of the war that happened 200 years ago.  Act man, if you consider this to be "Fallout done right" then more power to you, hope you enjoy the 2nd season and all, but to me this felt like a kids show in all honesty :D
The show is amazing I am watching it already for the 3rd time. I’m catching on things I didn’t see first and second time watching.
Thank god we didn’t get a repeat if the halo show
I loved the show. Unexpected gem
Ella's eyes are so huge, they are beautiful and odd at the same time. I think that aspect of her really brings something to her character which makes you like her, an unusual endearing quality, which is fitting becuse i think thats how many people feel about the character they make in Fallout.
Its slop
Honestly if they just bumped up the date of shady sands destruction to 2282, because new vegas took place in 2281, it would have been fine… but they clearly did it on 2277…. Im sorry, I feel like they tried to do a soft retcon on new vegas, but instead back tracked hard when fans called them out on it. You can say there is evidence to the contrary, but I can’t help but feel they tried to erase new vegas lore.
Never played the games. Enjoyed the show very much. Will have a look at the games now. Also even more mad about the Halo show disaster now.
In the episode where they introduce the scientist and dog before the scientist escapes the lab or whatever. The security guards had Laser Rifles which was so awesome to see. Though I’m also yet to see any laser weapon fired yet
ok why do people keep saying that marvel does that he is right behind me joke out of all the moves i have seen it was done in only 1 movie
Patrolling the Mojave makes you wish for act man to make a Fallout 3 review
show is a solid 9/10, and I'm barely a fallout fan played here or there at friends house
A Sponsor-free act man video?!?!?!? I DONT BELIEVE IT
Anyone else notice the N64 Golden Eye music in the background?
My favorite thing I saw because of the show was Todd Howard getting praise for a 9/10 score on a game blog and you can just see his happiness and relief that the people are loving the show🥹😭 my man Todd really wanted this to work and we can tell.
my favorite part of the show was the dude who's 2/10 review was an unhinged rant about DEI.
I never played Fallout, but I found this show to be awesome.  Particularly how those who can often be seen as good are actually evil and vise/versa.
There is, respecting the source material and then there is being 100% accurate to the lore.  You can have the first without being 100% with the second.
Agreed I think they actually pulled it off I just hope they stick to keeping it accurate to the game
Fuck ye I was waiting for the act man's take 😂🔥
I LOVE SEASON 1! It was great!
Ron Perlman for Season 2!
0/10. Not once did anyone clip through the floor or get stuck in a swimming animation above ground. Completely ruined my immersion...
Jonathan Nolan is Christopher Nolan’s brother? I would never guess that since Jonathan has an American accent.
I remember people were worried about the show implementing the theme of equality and diversity. Everyone thought this was going to be a woke cash grab, and that fallout would truly die with this tv series. But its not about IF they implement it, its HOW. And oh BOY did they do it effectively!  THIS is how you address equality and diversity! And it wasn't even one of the main themes, just an add on and they did it so well! It does come more into play for episodes 6 and 7 but everyone was so worried this would be horrible because of it, and NOPE. Its still excellent and true to the genre and themes! My favourite thing about this show is how every story (Pre war Cooper, Post war Cooper, Lucy's Journey, Maximus' Shenanigans and Conflict, Norman's Suspicion of the Vaults) are all interesting and entertaining. You'll have your favourites of course but we can agree they're all entertaining. Even the other brotherhood scribe is interesting and fun! My biggest criticisms of the show are its... peculiar... focusses on sexual themes, and the practical models of some stuff (like the doc's head and the severed limbs you often see). Those effects look like they were bought from a store, just saying.
Anyone who thinks this game retconned the timeline is illiterate
SO MUCH respect from the showmakers for the source material.   DISNEY... HALO CLOWNS... ARE YOU WATCHING??? JUST. MAKE. THE. ORIGINAL SOURCE MATERIAL.   Then, then when youve established how goddamn good you are at understanding that, you can add in a dope Axolotl monster with its own lil backstory. That WASNT originally in Fallout, but now its added in... is really fun and cool and fits well.   I noticed it had human fingers for example to help drag in prey. "Thats a manufactured animal with human dna" I thought. Cook lil detail.   THEN LATER we actually SEE confirmation of where and how etc...   ^ Disney... stop telling us, show us.   Rant over. Fallout is 9.8/10 imo.
This show is really good, great adaptation. My only concern, is that it's gonna be ruined in next seasons like Westworld.
Patrolling the Mojave wasteland makes me wish for the Act Man to do a Why Fallout 1, Fallout 2, Fallout 3 and Fallout 4 so Awesome?!
Idk if this was in the video but the problem people had, was the date of the bomb which Tod Howard has stated recently happened after new Vegas
It's meh.
Ron Perlman should be the new Caesar of the legion.
The show has well written characters and good actors - The story is very fallouty. I don't enjoy how they butchered the NCR however - It's done in such cheap way that isn't very good worldbuilding imho.
my dumbass didn't even realize that was Mr. house
So I've never actually played a game outside of like 5 minutes into 76 and I absolutely loved the show.
When I found out Jonathan Nolan was running it, I knew it had a chance to be good. Funny what happens when professionals make a show
The people who hate on this show are the people who think joker the musical might be good. Muahller can get fucked on this issue
Seeing the goul find himself a lifetime supply of radaway was a pretty good scene
Maximus betraying the brotherhood and being redeemed by succeeding in a mainline quest at the end reminds me of how in Fallout 3 I would ruin my relationships with factions by killing the wrong guy or nuking the wrong nuke town and try to regain my status with the aforementioned betrayed faction
After watching the series and seeing the uptick in  people playing all fallouts was i had a hope that when season 2 comes out that we get announcement for an update to New Vegas like were getting with FO4 and maybe some new Obsidian DLC for New Vegas seeing as they're both owned by papa Microsoft.
I love that he plays goldeneye music 😂
This is a good pallet cleanser from pyros terribly formulated video lmao
Mr Man I wanna watch the vid but too many spoilers
What I think that helped this show allot is we're all jaded when it comes to Game adaptations.
You know a show is incredible when it causes the old games to blow up pun intended. The love and discourse around fallout brings me back to my high school days when 4 and new Vegas were talked about a lot. It makes me very happy to see this show succeed as an insanely good adaptation.
Despite its flaws, you can tell that the people involved in producing this series understood the Fallout games, unlike the people who produced the Halo series.   I honestly feel bad for you Halo fans out there.
The first time a live action wasn't ahit for once
They really nailed the wackiness, I loved it.
I was genuinely surprised by just how engaging Lucy was as a protagonist. I’m sure a lot of people will take it as surface value without watching the show and call it woke (which yes, someone made a detailed list of how woke it was on a steam forum…), but she’s the embodiment of what I like in a strong female character: she’s someone who has a genuine progression through the story from a ditsy vault dweller to a wasteland badass. She’s charming, but not at all perfect and extremely naive, especially with some of her first few encounters with people outside the vault, and it’s great to see her slowly adapt to a world that wants her dead without it feeling hamfisted or artificial.
I waited to the very minute it came out, and binged it in one go. Not gonna lie, I was cautiously optimistic about it before it came out. But yeah, they nailed it. Can't wait till season 2.
UPDATE: The lore inaccuracies have been addressed by Nolan and Howard. It does not interfere with the lore. IGN has an interview with them.
Fallout lore is retconned every fucking game so the complaints about that are fucking stupid
I loved the show, cant wait for Season 2!
The Shill Man back at it again
I WAS ABSOLUTELY ADDICTED TO THIS SHOW AND THIS SHOW DOES NOOOOT RETCON NEW VEGAS!! ❤
Aaron moten missed this one, bad cast imo
The sound effects are so good that it has made me do a double take and try to check my radiation levels when I hear the Geiger counter tick
Episode 4 now and as a Fallout game player I’m really happy… even my friend who hasn’t played it loved it without any lore knowledge…  I hope the money made is pumped into Fallout 5… even if there are glitches 😂.  Never seen anything so game like but film like at the same time visually amazing, quirky and good story… love it.  Edit: I’m so glad I get to listen to the same honky tonky soundtrack!!!
I went into this show with a very pessimistic mindset and I'm so glad it proved me wrong it's been everything I could have dreamed of in a fallout show minus the Ron Perlman monolog lol
shill harder
had to doublecheck its not april 1....
What they did to the ncr is unforgivable… basically said “you got invested In the three good fallout games? Go fuck yourself.
I swear if I go into the comments and see another comment about sweet baby and Az I will lose it
You get a glimpse of the laser rifle in the enclave scenes, one of the guards was holding it. In the beginning
Me finding this video after looking for Fallout videos after just finishing the show: "no shit sherlock"
I love how every video since the end of the rdr2 streams, there has at least been some reference to rdr2 in the video. You can really tell how the game affected The Act Man.
The NCR collapse meaning that  Cesars legion will the the dominant faction in the wasteland.
1 thing i noticed is that the size of the back packs the squires carry has to a nod to how bloated your inventory can get in the games.
It’s good but rip Vegas
god i hope we get a "Hot Takes" video cause holy fuck there has been some shit spewed in regards to this fantastic show
What do i think, i think the act man has a big dong
Thanks for that chapter that said “end of spoilers.” When a YouTuber throws in stuff to make watching just that little bit better, that’s how you know they’re good.
I’m glad this is good because if it wasn’t it probably would’ve killed the series.
I tried to watch it, had to stop after two episodes, too inconsistent in its world building. And too moronic characters.
Ngl I got ambushed in the first episode when they were talking about incestuous relatationships. From there I kinda just accepted that I have no idea what the fuck does Lucy say to people.
Best part of the Fallout show? No Kwan Han character to speak off. 🤌
I dont agree I liked the way the show was looking but the storytelling was bad.
As a gamer and avid fan, I think the Fallout fanbase is divide by two sides of the fandoms: 1. Non Bethesda Fallout games: From what I've seen, the non Bethesda made Fallout games have the theme of society rebuilding after an apocalyptic event while the 50's aesthetics are much weaker. 2. Bethesda Fallout games: Keeping the games in a post apocalyptic world with strong 50's aesthetics down to the fashion, people and themes. This is evident in the show and Fallout 76 as Vault-Tec likes to nuke or destroy any advanced societies (Shady Sands and The Institute). Other argue that Fallout games get stripped of it's RPG elements for a more streamlined action RPG game. 3. This is Bethesda/Todd Howard's more or less first go on the West Coast (Fallout 1, 2 and New Vegas were Interplay and Obsidian games).  That being said, I really enjoyed the first season as I have more hours into Fallout 3 and 4 but I could understand the backlash of fan favorite faction, NCR having almost no presence in the series or the Shady Sands incident being very vaguely explained as it was just confirmed by Todd Howard that the series does not retcon New Vegas...and I loved the Twisted Metal series on Peacock, to me, it's kinda like picking out the good stuff and putting it into a series as Twisted Metal looks to reboot, change and resets the universe multiple times as the devs changed and throughout different consoles (PS, PS2, PSP and PS3) lol
want to say the advantage of the show is it can swap around without annoying the player that wants to be exploring the wasteland. If a game did the flashbacks of the show i honestly would find it annoying with this not being a game there is no worry about taking control away from a player and they use that advantage well in Fallout the Show.
Holy fuck that slow mo shot was so insane. It's wild how good a game adaptation can be when they know what they're doing
Show was not authentic enough to what the true fallout is. It should’ve been mandatory for my tv to turn off unexpectedly during the show because I didnt download a mod that fixes it. 3/10 would not recommend
My favorite character? Hmmmm…
I do not like what Bethesda is doing to all the lore that they didn’t write
Bro did you see one of the credits which has a man looking alike The Act Man on a popcorn bowl?
bro it took me until episode 6 to realize that the ghoul is also the hollywood cowboy guy from before the bombs dropped😭
Didnt surpass One Piece for me but it was damn close
I cant stand the BOS in the show! These bozos are not the brotherhood!
Transexual people in a post apocalypse world surely makes sense right? lmao.
Nine times out of ten the YouTube critics who keep lookout for woke trash are right, and I largely agree with them at about the same rate. But sometimes they rage on reflex. Thankfully this show was a rare one out of ten occurrence in which they were wrong. (Except Critical Drinker, as he did NOT  trip over himself) A few issues to be sure, but overall GOOD! Thank God! I’ll take it.
Anyone looking for the NCR Trooper comment?
If they don’t play jingle Jangle jingle in the background of a season 2 episode im gonna cry
Didn't you said starfield is good?
GARY
we must not have watched the same thing.
Not sure if anyone has mentioned it, but we do "see" an energy weapon. Maldova has one, she doesn't shoot it onscreen, but it's there
When "Why Payday 3 is an unbelievable BAD game" ?
Don't think I didn't notice the checker suit Act Man, leaving a little easter egg in the video like the game was rigged from the start
LMAO when the yao guai showed up behind titus i literally said "He's behind me isn't he"
I think the reason why they didn't use energy weapons could've been about how hard it is to make energy weapons work as you're primary damage source in early game. 4 and new vegas are the outliers in that regard.
Nah, the show was just more reddit tier revisionist trash. Atrociously low quality acting, casting, writing, and stunt coordination. Zero grit or believability in the actors (save for a few) Cheap fun at times but objectively bad by all metrics. Feels like it was made by an amateur film student who hates the Fallout universe
Totally agree, as a huge Fallout fan, I loved it!
"There's no fudge here !"
I looked up the lore of fallout when, in the show, I heard that each vault has their own "thing", Interesting stuff
Now that u finish steaming RDR2 and u got hyped for FALLOUT and every one that watched it (expect Angryjoe) u should start steaming New vegas.
I can't wait for them to drop a Joshua Graham cameo at some point down the road.
Lady luck?? 😂 I only work for one Irish man. 😎👍
I wanna watch this so badly but Amazon just added ads to my plan and asked for more money if I wanted them removed so I immediately canceled it
Thank god they didn’t give it the halo show treatment.
I might actually watch this show now that it's getting favorable reviews. I was so prepared for it to be terrible.
It's the Good, the Bad and the Ugly with the Ghoul playing all three characters.
Watching it round 2 now and its even better the 2nd time. Fucking love it
I really wish Mathew Perry was still here, he was a huge fan of the games, and wouldnt be a bad if benny came back to vegas
Lmfao, I got Star Wars: Outlaw as an ad. What a joke. 😂
No, it's not.
Me and my wife binge watched it in a weekend
Just finished it... And i was gushing over every little detail in the show... This was one of the greatest TV show experience ever!
They should really port fallout 1 and 2 to console
The woke shit was annoying but can be over looked in this case. Loved the show
It's because Disney didn't make it 😉
Papa Maclean is the Lisan Al Gahib.
Less bugs more 😪 history.
fall out was boring as shit man. not good. dunno what show you watched.
thought the idea of a non binary person in the verse made no sense, I mean I know they had to shoe horn it in there anyway, it takes place 200 years after the collapse of a pretty conservative society, not really any time for gender politics to come about, and the fact that they very clearly are going through a transition, like I have a hard time believing the brotherhood of steel are synthesizing hormones for them, makes no sense.
If I have to shout out a curse where to enjoy a television show that means that I’m slow
>STAYING TRUE TO THE SOURCE MATERIAL Lemme just *ctrl+c* ... *ctrl+v* There we are.  - How were vaults 33,32,31 and 4 not discovered by the Master despite being in the LA area? Especially when these vaults had their entrances not concealed. For that matter why were these vaults not contacted by the NCR in it's 100 years of history? When the NCR was in charge of the Boneyard and all of Southern California. - Why doesn't the BoS utilize any other suit beyond the T60? This is also a gripe with their depiction in FO4. They should employ a mixture of T51, T45, T60 and Enclave APA. - Why doesn't the faction famous for their energy weapons use any? - When did Shady Sands stop being 'the first capital of the NCR'? The sign was clearly made when there was still a city there. It was still the capital in FNV (2281) and Todd Howard has stated the city was nuked shortly after FNV. - Where did Lucy's father get the nuke from? How did he blow up the city? Whenever pre-war nuclear weapons were brough up in the games they were a big deal. - Why aren't there any signs of the NCR's existence in Southern California outside of the Shady Sands crater? Without it there is no evidence of a country existing there for 100 years. - Why was Shady Sands moved hundreds of miles to be in the LA area? - 'Somehow... the Enclave returned' - What happened to the rest of the NCR after Shady Sands was destroyed? What happened to places like Adytum or the Hub?  And those are only my gripes with the accuracy to the aforementioned source material. That's without pointing out the marvel humour, janky CGI, "fuckfuckfuckfuck bear", recycled plot elements from Fallout 3 and 4, fanservice that only the most braindead consumer would enjoy, the mind-boggling stupidity of Vault Tec still being around and trying to take over the world and a 4/10 story at best. Yeah it sticks to the tone. The tone of Bethesda's shallow imitations of actual RPGs.
*everyone liked that*
Honestly I couldn't be more disappointed in the show I gave it a chance didn't watch one vid on it.rught off the bat Female main character okay whatever black main character as well okay. But than they do the whole stick where all men are incompetent they showcase that throughout the whole first episode other than strong girl bosses. And than on top of those 3 things they repcon fallout lore bring the brotherhood to the west and reestablish the enclave as a major threat? I couldn't take it seriously. Oh and for some reason Hollywood is just horny for showing us dude ass so you see that in the first 20 min of episode one. I dont get why anyone is praising this show.
Adap-tay-shuns
This is what happens when fans of the series make an adaptation.
Antisjws be quiet after crying about the show everyone likes. Spoiler alert, Fallout has always been woke.
This is a win act man, your last few videos have been a beautiful return to form. I have plenty of gripes as far as lore, however the acting, the messaging, the props the respect to the universe and fans, even in the interviews they say all the right things.  It was outstanding. I especially appreciate they don’t just show you power armor and vertibirds, they take you for a ride. Very very well done.  And yeah that opening sequence… there’s such a disconnect from that when you play I feel, seeing it portrayed almost made it too real man. Something the games couldn’t capture well; pure horror. These people really care about doing this series right, cuz they WENT there.  And it’s not just memberberries, it’s actually clever Easter eggs you either know or you don’t.
Did you catch the Easter egg with the password for the quantum energy, its the date to the first fallout
Im gonna download mods to my Fallout 4 VR game.   I'm gonna roleplay this so hard after watching the show.
HELL YEAH ... Now i can die peacefully... I finally watched a show originated from a video games that is actually good, genuine and made with passion to content fans and non fans alike ! OMG .... is this a sim ? hgahahaha
We really need to talk about just how comically large the duffel bags the BoS squires have to carry.
I would make 2 changes  First nuke wouldn't fall on the LA center but far away so it makes sense why the blast lasts that long  Only the the last blast should be on LA  Second and spoilery  I would show the BoS massacring the remnants of the NCR be to the tune of Johnny Cash's version of Big iron  If they gonna end the west coast trilogy like that, i think that would be an nice song to an farewell  And of course make them use NCR gear
I love how in the hacking scene, you see Norm for a quick second scroll over a dud remover (blanking the name). Completely unnecessary but it just shows how attentive they are to even the smallest things
I saw a painting in the background of one of the vault scenes that you can decorate with in FO4. My family was very concerned with how hyped I got over it.
I remember being so excited for the halo tv show and now i feel happy that fallout got a good show I’m just jealous of fallout fans because halo got a tv show about master cheecks
Considering how bad it could have been, I'm ok with this. I have issues with some stuff but its its mostly little things that i can overlook. I'd give it a 6 or 7 out of 10. I hope it improves by session 2. If so they could have a massive hit on their hands. You can see they care and like you said for that i can cut them some slack.
I’m gonna be honest I’m mad about this show for one reason   The story would have made a fantastic game, I loved this show and I also love that it has gotten people who have never even heard of fallout calling me and asking questions about the lore, even my dad who plays zero video games asked me questions about it so I told him if he was really interested to look up the Shoddy cast lore playlist and he did and loved it so much he asked me what game he should play. Thank god this show was good
It seems "good" is still a very subjective thing
❤❤❤
a guard from the enclave is wielding a plasma rifle :) but one isn’t fired!
One of the named characters has a laser pistol in the final episode but I don't think we ever see her fire it.
I like the show bit i just a have few minor grips about the show but thats it
SPOILER           The fact that the fat old guy in the prewar conference was supposed to be Sinclair from dead money, and he represented Big MT, the whole interaction between House and him was so good
Watching the show for a third time and I’m still finding new things
The way everything came together at the end is nothing short of magical. Honestly some of the best writing as far as satisfying payoffs go, it’s the best I’ve seen in years.
Its not Fallout 3 New Vegas..its just Fallout New Vegas.
It was okay, wouldn't go as far as unbelievable. I didn't like the Maximus guy or his weird friend. Probably the weakest characters in the show.
Just like payday 3 was apparently a masterpiece?
Never played a Fallout game, adored this show. Go watch it!
3:47 I am the kind to obsess over lore, Im the kinda person who just NEEDS to have a solid grasp on the whole lore of a game. ...And Im a massive CODZ fan, perhaps one of the WORST Franchises to have to figure out lol  Those fucking blood vials
If some one hasnt played the games be able to watch the show and understand/enjoy it
The show has some BIG fuckups. Not so much in terms of lore reasons, but just in terms of stuff that makes no fucking sense whatsoever and things that back track heavily on some things that had been established long ago in the west coast region.   Firstly, and the most glaring problem, is the who and why behind the nuking of Shady Sands. I won't spoil it here, but it's such a massive let down in the perspective of the rest of the world and all the other shit going on or that has happened in regards to that region and the NCR as a faction. Another massive problem with Shady Sands getting nuked is just another example of Bethesda being allergic to letting civilization develop again in the wasteland which was a theme in Fallout 2 and New Vegas which introduced some of the most interesting plot lines in the entire series. It also makes no attempt to address anything else about the NCR within the show despite the fact that they would have a massive presence that would be impossible to ignore in the region.  Perhaps the largest lore error that no one seems to have pointed out is the fact that the BoS shouldn't even be nearly as powerful as they're shown to be in the west coast as they were nearly annihilated by the NCR that forced them back into hiding. The BoS entire characterization feels so odd compared to how they were portrayed in previous games as well. They felt weirdly incompetent and comically evil. It didn't feel like the BoS that was in the other games.  Something that was not touched on again at all was what the fuck happened in vault 32 that made them all turn on each other and kill each other. It gets all this build up but doesn't get addressed after it gets cleaned up.  Another thing that the show just seemed to forget about is how Moldaver seemed to have this weird cult like following around her by former NCR citizens, when NCR citizens had never been characterized as being that superstitious or believing that an actual woman is this deity figure that they pray to and do rituals for. It uses it for a single gag and doesn't address it at all again. The show also doesn't seem to make up it's mind on if Moldaver is this big scary raider or if she's an NCR holdout trying to help the people of the wasteland.   Finally, it also makes zero sense that all these big businesses all somehow believe it's at all profitable to try and accelerate the end of the world when killing almost everyone would mean there's no one to sell your products to. Killing your customers is a terrible idea, and Mr. House even addresses that in New Vegas but seems to think it's a good idea in the last episode, an outright contradiction in characterization yet again.  Overall, the show is fine and fun and has some really good moments, but I don't like that people are just acting like there AREN'T glaring issues with it just because the show wasn't actually horrible.
Nice Cuphead Background Music in the Video.
This might be the best video game feeling show if that makes sense. It was like I was watching a very unique playthrough
I'm glad Ron Pearlman isn't featured. He went insane, so he can f off
Can’t wait for the aliens 👽
Just seeing the clip of Ella Purnell talking about how she played the games to try to learn the source material, how she got really into the games and how important it was to her to respect the source material was what made me want to check out the show. We need more people like her and Henry Cavill.
Regardless of it being good , you're a shill and no one trust's you.
I've only played the Fallout mobile game on Steam. Does it count?
They blow up the NCR capital, making the fallout new vegas story basicaly useless
went in completely blind, just being a huge fan of the games and I'm very disappointed. It was much better than most video game adaptations but still very mid as a show. Casting was fantastic, but the writing was horrible. They couldn't resist making it a series of constant twists, main characters constantly making decisions that should get them killed but then being saved by plot armor 20 times per episode. Sometimes characters need to face consequences for their actions but every main character was completely immune.   One of the best video game adaptations, but the bar is very low.
Really liked this show, wasn't expecting much, but it made me install Fallout 3, New Vegas and 4 again...so got me hooked up again for Fallout in general. And I have to agree, this show is also really watchable without knowing the games, told my parents to watch it and they really like it!  All in all, as a Game Adaptation, I would give it a more than solid 9/10 ( for everyone ), but as someone who played those Games a lot and loved them, this is a 12/10, will watch it again and again...
There was one Laser Rifle seen being held by one of the guards in the Vault Tec Facility the man with the dog ran away from after being exposed.
I can Agree that its a good show, its a shame tho that they didn't even show the remnants of the NCR with using guns and equipment that you see the NCR use. They also didn't show any stuff that made me think of fallout 1 or 2 aside from the vault stuff. I really don't like the direction of the story by killing the NCR, I was invested in the continuity of the story. It felt like fallout but alot of the time it felt like what bethesda thinks of fallout.  Edit.  Also want to say that the reason the strip even exists is because of the NCR its told in the game when you play it, so if the NCR was wiped then there really can't be a new vegas, at least one with the strip.
I can't even put into words the emotional reaction I had when Lucy found the NCR Flag in Vault 4 and the Fallout theme started playing. As for my favorite character, I have to give it to Lucy. Even if she is a brainwashed little Vaultie, she has a good heart and she's a quick learner. Queen of the Wasteland for sure. I can't wait to see what she and Coop are up to next season. Hank is a bastard and I hope Lucy gets satisfaction for everything her father has done.
There was a moment when Maximus brings the fake head that i swear the background music in that scene heavily references the grimy industrial sounds in the first fallout game's music  Fallout OST - Second Chance is the one
Ngl, the “I wonder if she’s into me” comment earned my like 😂😂😂
6:51 You never know, she could just be a Canadian and being polite
I’m honestly replying Fallout 4 thanks to this show. Been having a lot of fun so far
That Helldivers bit got me hard not gona lie
That’s impossible his shill level is over 9000!
FINALLY A WIN
My older sisters and i were fallout fans and we all sat and watched it and were literally pointing every reference to the series out and the ending made us go crazy ill never forget that lmao
Bitter is a good word for what I feel
>Starts video talking about video game adaptations >Immediately shows footage of an book adaption  Nice Benny suit tho  Very drippy
This show was a surprising breath of fresh air. Especially after the shit show that was Paramounts Halo.   Not only was the show genuinely respectful to the source material, but it stood on its own as a well written show that was fun to watch from start to finsish.    9.5/10 Loved it!!
I really disliked the first episode, when you compare it to the rest of the series it felt like they had little idea on where to take the show after Lucy left the vault. Glad to see they completely salvaged it
Also my favorite thing is what many don’t notice or mention SPOILERS for those who don’t want to know avoid this at the end:         but Big Mt’s rep was none other than Fredrick Sinclair as in Dead Money and the Sierra Madre mentioned/referenced which with Mr House was awesome
There were laser rifles and pistols fyi
I think the show is one of the best video-game adaptations to date. Lore accuracy or not, it's very clear, at least to me, that everyone involved respects the source material and takes the script and content seriously.
3:00 dat 007 music tho!
I love the show, one of my favorites in a long time. Goggins as the Ghoul is awesome
In the last fight scene the ncr leader has a laser pistol, she just didnt fire it.
I see Jinx. I click. Very good, yes.
As a person who loves all of the fallout lore and have been following it for years , this show nails the feeling of fallout so well , hoping season 2 is just as good as season 1 😁
YOU ARE OUTTA UNIFORM SOLDIER WHERE IS YOUR POWER ARMOR
Ay i dunno if you will see this Act Man, but do you ever plan on trying to beat the Classic Fallout games? I know the isometric CRPG gameplay is a big turn off for a bunch of people but it genuinely has the some of the absolute best writing, atmosphere, characters, soundtrack, and side quests that pretty much 90% of the people that played the Classics would agree on. Obv NV is considered the best one but 1 and 2 are just as, or almost as good as NV and really deserves a shot. The only thing is that they are HARD, they have a learning curve and a lot of the time you may be confused about due to it’s open-ended quest design without the markers, but you can look up the wiki if you’re ever stuck
I saw lazer Pistol when the ncr and the brotherhood were fighting
I thought the scene where Cooper starts tearing up after his wife say “we drop them ourselves” was just phenomenal. He’s such an amazing actor. Great scene, buildup, just *chef’s kiss*
This show is just mid imo
Now I’m just getting mad.. fantastic series adaptation of both  The last of us AND Fallout… why 343?!  WHY. DID. YOU. NOT. MANAGE. THE. SAME?!?!
I'm just here because I read the title, and yes. Yes it is.  My "Wtf" Moment was towards the end when we see the remains of what I think is SPOILER          New Vegas
Get that jelly mould out of here!
There were a couple of laser rifles, but they were never fired.
Being better than expected =/= a good show.   It's a little better than the new Avatar show. Which isn't saying a lot. It's OK at best.
It _frustrates_ me how good this show was! Why can't we have that for Halo, dammit?!
I always hated fallout games 😂 but now I will give it a second chance with the 4th!
laser guns were shown.. at the end..u see the pistol...
I was hopefull and believed it would be ok but it blew my expectations out of the mojave
I really hope Bethesda takes lessons from the shows narrative style for fallout 5
I want a Helldivers movie
Kinda funny that Christopher Nolan's brother made a more impactful nuke scene than Christopher did in Oppenheimer
Wishing act man can do a retrospective on the entire fallout series
The acting in the show was fugging terrible, maximus was a big puss, lucy gets her fukin finger chopped off without making any noise, so did the ghoul. The power armor is like a dollar store iron man suit.... what praise does this trash fire deserve? It was meh at best, not that exciting honestly. Also its ACT MAAM!
I’m so happy someone else got excited about the terminal hack screen lmao, I was unnecessarily excited when I seen it 😂
The show was so amazing that my wife, who has basically never played a single video game in her entire life, loved the show so much that she has watched the first season twice already. It really is a banger of a series. I hope it goes for at 3-4 seasons.
I was a bit skeptical at first seeing power armors right away, or sets that looked a bit too clean like theme parks, but they really did an amazing job at the end, the acting was great, the dark humor too. season went by super fast.
Learning that Lucy is the voice of Jinx
Finally was hoping you’d do a video. The New Vegas video you did was great. Love it and NakeyJakey’s rdr2 video some of my favorite made on the site.
the show could now just say.. time could have been kept off.. lol
This is a really great reveiw.
As a person that is a gamer that stopped playing Fallout 4 and never got to begin New Vegas even tho it was included on epic games for free. I now own every fallout game up to new vegas on steam and 4 and 76 on Playstation because the show got me in the fallout mood. I agree completely that this show is for everyone though, I was aware of alot of the fallout lore even tho I never played much of the games but now I am pulled back in fully, my mother tho who hates games watched a bit of the show with me and found it pretty funny and interesting which just shows how balanced the show is with fan service but also welcoming newcomers, this could be a big turn around for fallout after the tragedy of 76, hopefully they don't fuck it up
i love the helldivers smash cut it had me actually laughing loud 😂😂😂
Some action scenes had my eyes rolling, two feet from a gatling gun and the scientist scampers away. The fat mercenary just standing there to speak into Kurt Cobains microphone, or the Yao Guai fight. Maybe im a bit too harsh, but its cringy at times
3:19  Looks at the Vault that had a panther thrown in it… 👀
I’m just happy it doesn’t suck
Had my doubts also but im also loving this series
Being a halo fan right now is like being grounded but watching your friends play outside even though you didn’t do anything to deserve the grounding
The easy way to look past all the lore screwups in the series is to remember that it's an adaptation - not a direct copy of the stories from the established games (like an alternate timeline, where things played out a little differently; but is still very recognizable to what you know).  I look forward to season 2.
Never played a Bethesda game before
Imagine when a studio/publisher wants a Live Action adaptation to be true to the source material...
I'm a gamer who never played Fallout, and I loved the serie.
The only bad thing this show has brought up to me is, how absolutely clueless are New Vegas Fanboys about their own lore. I hyperfixate on lore whenever something I like gets some kind of update, so I basically studied the New Vegas lore, which is most affected by the show. People shitting on the show because, THEY THINK they are retconning their favorite game, even tho the show happens 15 YEARS after, a lot of shit can happen in 15 entire years
The only review I care about
Ron Perlman isn’t in fallout 4 or 76
Halos season 2 take😂
Bro I finished this already
I had the same reaction to the Titus and the Yao Guai Scene because I did the exact same thing in when I encountered one for the first time in Fallout 76. Except in my case, I ran into a Cabin where I encountered several legendary bugs.
Wow, you're a generic consumer, Act Ma'am.
"Capitalism never changes."
Do video on dragon dogma 2
Why is Fallout New Vegas DLC was so awesome?! When????? @Actman
That intro at the first episode with the bombs going off. Definitely sends a shiver down my spine is well done, fallout with world building and lore as a bonus, great story, and characters.
Its good that a good live action show based on a game is good because im sick of everything being animated
This show is so good as a videogame adaptation that it literally adapted the same issues the games have into it like lore inconsistencies. Anyone who's played the Fallout games should basically expect harebrained lore explanations for why things are the way they are at this point.
I'm only at ep3 but so far I'm not impressed, there's 3 things I already hate about the show... 1. The thing that happened in the vault was hilariously illogical, think about the whole situation for half a second and you'll realize how little sense it makes, it's Starfield levels of terrible writing. 2. Why do 95% of all the wastelanders feel like comedic relief characters ? In the games wastelanders aren't inbred morons, so why are they in the show ? 3. Power armor looks hilariously bad. Also sounds wrong, how they could nail things like the stimpack sound but mess up the power armor voices ?
I thought the show was way overrated. I personally did not enjoy it all.
It is NOT GOOD. WOKE, ULTRASEXUAL, MONGOLOID WRITING, COMPLETE RETCON OF 1, 2, NEW VEGAS. Act man is a poser.
I absolutely loved this show, especially Ella Purnell’s Lucy. I’m hoping that Fallout is used as a guideline for what to do when making future video game adaptations. I’d love to see a Mass Effect, Horizon, or my personal pick, The Outer Worlds done in a very similar style.
The setting is perfect, just missing a little personality. It feels like we are watching unfinished npc life in the fallout universe.
It is so good that I have my mom, who doesn’t not like gore or video games with guns, say that she wants to watch it with me. She knows I am a fan of the series, so she wants to watch it with me.   Also, it was released on my birthday. Best unintentional birthday present ever
The big issue with fallout is there not 13 seasons
7:47 Holy shit that absolutely destroyed my ears on top of giving me a heart attack.
*sad halo noises*
Ngl, the zoom out, outro parts felt like a loading screen sometimes.
The show is good, I can say that I was pleasantly surprised by just how good it is. But...there is a few things that do seem to trash the Fallout lore, if you're a massive Fallout nerd that knows the lore inside and out said issues may sour the experience just a wee bit...that said though it's still pretty early in the series and there's still a bunch that needs to be fleshed out and explained so said issues may end up making sense.   All n all this massive Fallout nerd thinks the show is a solid 7 or 8/10 for me, even with the potential lore issues. 👍
I could not watch this show with my family, we all loved the show but I had a hard time keeping "THAT'S (insert name/item/location/reference) FROM THE SERIES!!!"  They even kept the pip-boy screens the same with the stat/inv/map loadout, and they kept how the pip-boy connects to the vault gate button I swear I just about had a seisure watching this show over my excitement
I also love when the squire guy empties his 10mm pistol and misses every shot. Definitely a nod to the games. Plus meeting the guy who voices the mr handies was awesome 😂
My boy is back already
when the directors writers and actors respect the source material you get something good that will succeed the main actress said she played the games to prepare for the role
Been WAITING for this video
There's a video of Hodd Toward being interviewed by IGN and when they tell Hodd Toward they're giving the show a 9/10 he looks so genuinely happy and appreciative that people are enjoying it.  Michael Scott energy and honestly, we all give Bethesda some earned shit now and then. But, by Golly, I just want them to succeed like they did in the before times.  But better.
3 episodes in and Im hooked to the show.
Kiss me acty🥵🥵🥵🫰🫰😮‍💨
Great show!  If you look at the weapons the guards at the Enclave facility are using, some of them have Laz Rifles!
I really don't think it's ''Unbelievably GOOD''. I personally think people are really overrating it. Don't get me wrong, the show was enjoyable to watch, but in my opinion it's at most a solid 7/10. Pretty good, but nowhere near as mind-blowing as some people make it out to be. Just my own two cents! :)
SPOILER            maybe but last shot in the show makes me feel like everithing that we did in new vegas was for nothing
It's only, superficially, Fallout. This show wasn't made for longtime/hard-core fans. This show was made for the tourists and those who dont what Fallout is about. How many of ya'll even played or know the story of the Classic Fallouts?
That bear looked awful though. No one can tell me that bear looked good. It was comically bad
They freaking nailed this show. I loved it all the way through and it made me love the universe of Fallout even more. I also love Halo, and you can tell the difference between people who actually care about the IP, and the games. The people who made the Halo show did not, so much so they made it a whole different timeline from the games and it’s so wack. THIS is how you make a great video game adaptation. So happy it was made and bringing me back to the wastelands 👍
Man if you didn't scream RICCO NO! At least once ik we didn't have the same experience lol
I don’t know, I’ve seen too many Lore contradictions and inaccuracies for it to be as great as the comments make it out to be.
If season one is good then you know the executives are gonna mess up season 2
When I heard the moto and world on fire I actually marked out. And yes that ending I audibly yelled and oh my god at 3 AN
Surprisingly Ron Perlman didn't voice the narrator in fallout 4 either
Lucy gets out of scrapes in the most contrived ways possible but I give it a pass cause I just assume she has 10 Luck and her name is pronounced ‘Luc(k)y’
It’s woke DEI trash
I have played the games in front of my grandpa and he enjoyed watching, largely because of the music being familiar songs.  So I decided to watch with him. As funny and out of pocket as the cult scene or the "You wanna make my cock explode now?" Were it was so fucking awkward and I was internally screaming "WHAT THE FUCK?"  Edit: I didn't wanna leave several comments, but we do *see* energy weapons (example: Moldaver has a lazer pistol in the final episode, and some are shown in the Bnclave base) but I don't believe we ever see them used on screen I have only watched it once (except I saw the first ep twice) but I noticed a bit og foreshaddowing, in that an episode or 2 before Lucy gets her fingers cut off, the shopkeeper notes "You still have all your fingers"
You should make a video about Fallout 3 like the one you made about New Vegas, I would be grateful.
I love how Lucy is like the new player, high karma Let's do this ! Personality. And she tries to help people and make the world a better place  But then you also have the Ghoul Who's the high level, low karma player that can take on a bunch of power armored brotherhood of steel with ease and already know all the plot twist from the story.
Guess I'm the only one who doesnt like it, CGI looks bad, especially the gore, comedy is basic, but I guess that depends on taste, acting isnt anything special. Only thing I like is all the fanservice, feels like most money went into licensing.
Fallout 76 just hit 40k concurrent on steam crazy af. Not even countering Xbox and ps players
Looks like they learned, they saw halo and said it’s a shame lol
My only gripe with the show was how comical/goofy the BoS acted. It went down to far in the religious direction and the dynamic between Squire and Knight was really fucking weird and made no sense to me. I can see where they were going with it but it does not match how the BoS really operated in the past. Like the whole branding scene had me genuinely confused. And then to see a BoS knight running from a Yao Guai also makes no sense since a BoS Knight with PA would have plenty of combat experience and should have actively tried to fight it. Not saying they would win but 100% would not have ran away screaming the entire time. Outside of that I did genuinely enjoy the show and am overall happy with it it. I personally give it a 7.5/10.
In the end, Todd Howard still gets the last laugh.
They did New Vegas dirty
I love when the ghoul was like “I’m the ghoul” and ghouled all over everyone.
I love it. It could have gone so wrong, but thankfully they seemed to have pulled it off.  It’s dark, funny, violent, chaotic, and I love it for that. Even my wife who has never played a Fallout game and isn’t much of a gamer, is interested in trying one of them out after watching.
Error ⚠️  Actman.exe has failed to review borderlands 1-3. Would you like to try again?  [Okay]   [Cancel]
0:37
Ah yes, the show that retcons New Vegas out of existence by nuking the NCR back to the stone age is both good and consistent.  You know, New Vegas, the objectively best written of the four modern Fallouts. The one that people continue to argue over to this day over who is right and wrong.  I guess that means House won in New Vegas. Except not really, huh? Without the NCR, the followers lose their biggest support in the region. Edward Sallow probably never ends up captured by tribals in arizona, never conquers his tribes, never takes up his mantle as Caesar. With no one to bilk as customers, Mr. House never has his chance to reforge America's industrial sectors. His colony ships will remain a pipe dream. He won't even be able to fund the search for the Platinum Chip.  Amazing, how one nuke completely destroys the story of the best modern fallout.  _Almost as if it was intentional._
act man I love you I respect you. You’ve paved the way for a lot of us! But it’s time to update your scenery and be more engaged with new customers like you were when I first started following you. Like angry Joe skits and or a team. You the best act! ❤
Minor spoiler    The outro for episode too is a zoom out featuring LAX, with “I don’t want to set the world on fire”. One of the best songs in America but one of the worst places in America.
1.) I'm gonna be mad if we get every other justified cameo,  and goggins being a cowboy without Timothy Olyphant showing up albeit briefly to talk shit about him being a cowboy.   2.) If I don't see a guy with a theoretical degree in physics I'm gonna be sad.
I am so pleasantly surprised this show is actually good
What do you think resident evil land on heads or land on tails?
Love your reviews and channel, you be having me laughing for years lol
The only thing I really questioned was how Dane would’ve had access to cross sex hormones 200 years after the bombs dropped
Fun fact the METRO series shares the same universe as fallout Edit nevermind it turned out to be a fan theory. Shame
I just really really disliked Maximums as a character. His dialog was the worst.
New vegas dlc review incoming?
Show was great but am I the only one who hated Maximus? And some of the lines just so random and made literally no sense
I have almost 8000 hours in Fallout 4, and I not only have no problem with the show, I loved it.
I don’t like the Fallout games, but I really enjoyed the show because the lore of Fallout is so interesting. I like the world of the games just not the gameplay.
Please do halo tv show season 2 full review!
ur wrong but i dont wanna ruin ur cope
Creetosis needs to cease to exist on this platform.  His god awful takes of this show made me realize how fucking atrocious the fallout community is.
6:55 missed a perfectly good setup for a synth joke. Actman, you poor bastard.
the show was shit, people are like "wOw THat wAs iN tHe gAme, SO thE Show iS goOD" like yeah wow cool but the story made no sense and each characters motivations made no sense and changed each scene. THEY LITERALLY COPIED THE SAME STORY BEATS FROM FO3 AND FO4, she leaves the vault to find her dad. wow the end vault twist was vault-tec employees froze in time like wtf what was different. the show in and of itself was actually so brain dead. Like wow they put a bobblehead on the desk so the show is good. the show was so bad and the comedy was cringe when that mf said "wanna make my cock explode again" who tf talks like that lol. the ghoul was the only good character and even then him 1v20 the brotherhood?!? like whats the point of the power armor. They said the show takes place after FO4 so in the timeline shouldnt House be dead?
I want to talk about how utterly beautiful the gun sounds were when the ghoul fired his gun
Can't wait to see those super mutants and nightkin to be out & about
this show made me wish that I could forget that I saw it so I could rewatch it and experience it again, which is one of the biggest praises I can give to something
I wish I could say I liked this show but it just fell apart so hard in the end. There’s so much established lore that they completely retconned or stepped over. And that’s not even mentioning that they destroyed shady sands which is just spitting in the face of Fallout 1 & 2 fans. Now apparently New Vegas is destroyed as well so that sucks.  Yeah they got a lot of the “member-berries” but that really doesn’t amount to much when they just decide to completely steam roll over the previous games
My friend doesn't play video games and doesn't really know Fallout, but she absolutely loves the show. Just shows you what competent writers can do with a video game adaptation.
Just finished watching the full 8 episodes today, honestly one of the funniest shows i have watched in a very long time, and it feels so much like the game, the entire crew and cast deserves all the praise they’ve received and more
My major criticisms with the show is in the first half. Some writing felt a bit forced, like Wilzig just randomly encounters Lucy immediately as she gets out of the vault. That felt rushed and doesn’t capture the whole world-building aspect with bits of exploration. It be like running into Doctor Li at Megaton, and she immediately tells you that “your dad is at Vault 112, so you better get to it”.   Maximus’s character was obnoxious and acting like smooth-brained dumbass for the most part. His character goes against everything that I know about the BOS and how each member is put through rigorous training and disciplinary. That “AD VICTORIAM” energy.   I know I’m nitpicking, but Cooper’s design should’ve been a bit more “ugly” and mutated. He feels too clean for a 200 years old ghoul who was recently buried in a grave.   Another criticism I have is the use of the music tracks. The way how the show would start each episode with a recognizable song from the games felt too on-the-nose. It doesn’t really fit the scene. It was just kind of there as fan-service   Episode 5 is when the show really picked itself up and tackles the issue with a lack of exploration aspect. I absolutely love how Lucy and Maximus just accidentally stumbled onto a vault while looting a building for supplies. That captured the player’s experience perfectly.
Wee need at least 4 seasons this was mad good
the L man strikes again
Been waiting for this one cowpoke. Love to you all!
Looks like absolute woke garbage to me. No thanks.
I will say I am proud that they had some restraint for not showing certain creatures that are super recognizable
Its good.
2077 you say... ehh that was confusing as hell seeing in the TV series all the pre-war scenes look like 1950s... 1960s at latest hahaha
Man, rare L for Act Man. Hate to see it
I will never understand how and why anyone thinks this show is even good
Waiting for red dead 2 review
Great show, needed more robots and NCR ranger armour
Maldover has a laser pistol in the ending when she walks out of the observatory
I do have to say FUCK THE NCR!
Lucy: Sees bobble head but doesn't grab it  Inner me: Lucy please STOP AND TAKE IT!! You need better stats damn it!
The fallout show made me install the new vegas randomizer. take that how you will
Why can't they make halo good xD
I fuckin love you ActMan
Show characters build: Lucy - Charisma Cooper/Ghoul - agility and Perception Maximus - Luck
Female lead ✅ Black guy ✅ White guy who has been disfigured ✅
The people saying it was gonna be woke garbage are now saying its just average to save face. They cant admit its good.. Pathetic
Not only did I geek out when I saw the hacking screen. I could immediately find 1-2 little bits that would remove a dud or reset your attempts
I saw a poster for a lazer rifle on philly. The fan service is perrrrfect
Just need a new game now, it's been nearly 10 years since the last one (76 does not count at all)
one complaint the gone nuked shady sands
I've been watching this with my mum she's never played the games I'm basically the lore guide she really likes it
I haven’t played any of the games, but enjoyed the show. I can see why the games are seeing a spike in play, because the show made me interested in the games.
Horrible show, overrated games.
Fallout so good made me want to go play the game 😅, I've been watching fallout retrospectives on youtube 😂.. good damn show 👌,  the wasteland doctor is awesome him trying to unalive himself with his toe 😂 and the chickens 😅 wanna see more of him, also I've NEVER played or cared for fallout till now 😂, show got me
So weird how all the shows that actually respect the source material end up being well received compared to the ones that take a fat dump over it.
Watching the fallot show makes you wish for a nuclear winter
When Lucy unwittingly sets the ferals loose in the chem shop, gets that experience boost to level up and comes out in the armored vault suit. Thats when i knew it was gonna be good!
Like us, Lucy's true first test was walking into that Super Duper Market She entered it level 1, and walked out level 5
The Act Man did a mistake in the script, when he said "in the comments below", well cuz of new youtube shi*y layout, now it's time to switch to "in the comments on the right".
Awesome show! Can't wait for the second season! Though I hope they'll have enough budget to use the energy weapons in the second season,  I also can't wait for "wild west" vibes with "The Goul".
I love the show! My biggest complaint is that Maximus sucks as an actor and a character
The show is good, but all the ret-conning and lore inconsistenies are annoying since they are calling it cannon. It's has so many unanswered questions and nonsensical events. But yes, good show. And at least the woke elements aren't overwhelming, but they are here.
My Dad asked if I wanted to watch this show with him when I visit, he had no idea it was based off of a game lol
The sidetracked by bullshit line made me lose it in my living room. Best line of season one, hands down. Right below that moment is the exchange between Chet and Norm about cowardice.
Respectfully. The Fallout games have messed with fallout lore more than this show did.
Nah, this show is pretty awful. Writing wise, it's mediocre to terrible. The Vault 33 attack is stupid, in retrospect, it makes no sense for Moldaver to do it and is entirely unneeded. The Vault 31 plot twist is stupid, the Vault 32 massacre totally unjustified and idiotic. The Vault 4 plot twist could have been avoided if they sat down like normal people and explained why the fuck the dude has only one eye.  I'm keeping it short in the hope that it won't get lost in the flood of comment. But this show is only superficially Fallout. The motivations of characters are simplistic, to non existent to entirely contradictory and retarded. The Vault Tec villains are stupid and their motivations are so broken, you can tell the writers only cared about the cliche of ''muh corps bad''. Without any understanding of it. They undermine their own goal, their own beliefs and their own plans.  This show is not only a bad Fallout show, it's also just a bad show with terrible writing, terrible to mediocre character. Filled with cliche and superficial references with barely any substance to it.  It retcons plenty of lore like the location of Shady Sands, the nature of the city. It retcons Boneyard and most likely the Hub too. Vault 33 being in LA, makes no sense. It's door is litteraly at the surface. There is NO WAY, that The Master wouldn't have blown it to hell to transform all the dweller into supermutants.
The wastelands golden rule had me fuckin rolling..
I just rewatched your new Vegas video earlier today and now I get another appearance of Act Man Benny. You could say it’s my lucky day
I expected this to horrible lol, pleasant surprise
Too much slow motion. They aren't "recreating the cinematic camera!!" they just do slow motion every 5 minutes. You need a pip boy to use VATS and that ghoul does not have a pip boy. All it takes to get Act Man happy is baseline fan service. Cringe
i've never been a hardass about bad CGI faces like in the new star wars stuff... but that CGI de-aging in episode 8 was very noticeably bad haha it didn't help that it was a really long shot on their face too. other than that there's not any huge issues with effects
Show was entertaining, but my god Maximus's character is so horribly written.
2:40 "HOW, HOW DARE YOU"
Haven’t played any of the games but all the hype around the show is getting me really interested. Which game should I play/start with?
Like, the only lore question I had watching this was the ghoulification process happen suddenly because someone madr a mistake(being vague for spoilers but I think it’s clear enough for those that watched it).   But for me that was literally the only moment I was confused. Everything else felt like it fitted perfectly for me. Even when it shouldn’t, I never felt like it was an alternate timeline, just a bit of a different flavour of explanation
Malenia is hot
God dammit Todd the protagonists in every Bethesda game goes after a Father figure (In fallout 4 ur child is also called Father) DAMM YOU TODD!!!
0:34 This dude had Lucy's 🐱 in the bag earlier but revoked her for celibacy... idiot 😂
My mom and dad who had no idea about Fallout started watching it and just straight up binge it. They don't really have any knowledge or involvement when it comes to gaming so that goes to show just how good it was
10:30 Explained perfectly😂I was fangirling so hard that I was explaining the show to my wife as we watched and now she’s obsessed with fallout, she wants to try playing the games lmao
0:35 best joke in the series so far
Only problem i have with the show is just them erasing all lore that is not bethesdas fallout games (fallout 3 and 4), which are the worst in my opinion. Ill take cool mystical tribalism and big faction clan wars over the horribleness that is fallout 4s minutemen and terminator ripoffs. So now the NCR just doesnt exist anymore and Shady sands doesn't exist, new vegas is gone, its like the completely reset the west coast in the least creative way possible. Its a great show but i am scared of the future of the games if only bethesdas crap exist now.
The show rules, only have two episodes left to watch!
4:35 Huh, that's weird. There's a couple of seconds of just a blank screen. Strange...
My friend who loves new Vegas puts it this way. It's a good show, though it kills new Vegas and a lot of other lore. The show gets a pass because it's a good show. Idk where the line is drawn. I like everything to line up.
ACT DUUUUDE!
I'm a little confused, if Ron Perlman has been in ever fallout why didn't they get him for the show? Did he turn it down?  Show is 10/10 regardless
Watch the review of creetosis, archcast and synthetic man.  The show is bad. - guy who put 2000 hours into just fallout 4 alone
The people crying that this show ruined NV lore do NOT know what a calendar is, nor did they see the giant “219 years later”
Watch the review of creetosis, archcast and synthetic man.  The show is bad. - guy who put 2000 hours into just fallout 4 alone
The only thing this show is missing is mods. Where is my Sim Settlements?
Love the show. The one thing that annoys me is how inept Maximus can be, Lucy is inept because it’s funny, and she’s supposed to be, but once you have two out of three main characters bumbling around, it gets cringe
I love how every video now has some sort of RDR2 reference. I know the LENNEH song when I hear it
****SPOLIERS**** there is one laser pistol that i’ve seen and the lady that takes the dad initially is seen with it in the last episode when they’re going to defend their little hideout or whatever
Lucy, an actually good female character in 2024?
Walton goggins stole the entire damn show. I want to see more
I mean I honestly like the halo show. I couldn't get into fallout. I guess I hated all their games.
Act Man with another L take.
Telling robots to off themselves is kinda wild, mister Act Man
They answered the BIGGEST question in fallout lore that was never answered in ANY of the games. 10/10
I had so much fun with this show and jumped out my chair so many times it's not funny
All this guy does is looking for popular opinions online and making videos agreeing with them.
The main reason behind the succes of this show is that Jonathan Nolan is behind it, this man gave us Westworld and The Dark Knight, and he also played the games, i can't understand how so many of this shows about videogames are being written by people shop don't even play videogames, but i'm glad Nolan is not one of them
Arguable , it is mid but "good" for modern adaptation.
While I myself am a fallout fan, I watched this series with my dad who knew nothing, and my brother who only knew about it through pop culture osmosis. And I can confidently say this series was great and I can't wait for the next season.
The griftman strikes again
Who won the lottery? I did!
I showed my mother the show and she watched the entire season 1 in 2 days I was holding off watching it but she loves The fallout shelter she wanted to even play the game 😂 I showed her the Halo TV show and she hated it 😂 shows you that trying to get a "broader audience" does not work 343 do better take fallout and the last of us for example they didn't change much just a speck that no one would really know or see
Could not agree more. Love your channel Actman you are the dang best !!!
Fallout makes me wish they would just wipe the slate clean with halo call it the mistake it was and start over. It's the only way forward for that now there's nothing a season 3 can do to save that show.
I showed my mom this show and she fucking loved it.
7:44 is exactly what ibinagunee when i saw that moment in the series
Me and my father finished the first season in a week. WE REQUIRE MORE.
I love how the ghoul makes a riff at side quests when he says "thou shalt get sidetracked by bullshit every goddamned time."
For the laser guns I did see a few around but I Don't think I saw them fired that mutch.
I want to see more of the Enclave. this show has made me pick up New Vegas and 3 again. Even if my play style is not canon fallout is always great to play. Although, I do wonder if Bud was limited on funds or did he want that robot.  I am left with questions and I can't wait for season 2.
If you don't respect the lore, you just get rid of your target audience. So doing a tv show of a game it does matter.
It's good shit,nitpicks aside.
I think Moldaver was holding a Laser Pistol when the BoS turned up at the end, although I don’t think I saw any other energy weapons
From the moment they played an unchanged copy of the stimpak sound effect, i immediately knew the rest of the show would be golden.
Best part of the show is watching Michael rapaports character die
This series is really good, You all should watch it for real.
I thought the slowmo was the ghoul using VATS or something, (minor spoilers)      though he hated Vault-Tec
This show sucks Brahmin balls.
Love the six sense moment every second of the last episode was best.
Spoilers for the ending:    My least favorite part of the show was the last episode. I'm fine with Vault Tech being responsible for the bombs as it's been hinted at in the games and it's been a long standing fan theory that they at least played a part in it. It just felt way too on the nose to have a bunch of business CEOs sitting in a dark circle twirling their mustaches and saying things like "Let's drop the bomb!". I always appreciated when it came to weird or conspiratorial theories, the games tend to enjoy having lots of hints and evidence sprinkled around, but very rarely fully confirm or deny anything. Overall though, I did really enjoy the show. It was a heck of a lot better than I ever expected and felt like a series of events you'd run into in random settlements through the games.
I can't call myself a fan anymore. I did not know Ron Pearlman voiced the intros. I'll see myself out.
Total Shill. It's absolutely woke and the entire lore was butchered. We saved new vegas, and now it's a crater? Wow.
Because of this show, i started playing FO76 again.
The show is fantastic, but you know what isn't? Raiders attacking another settlement. I'll mark it for you on your map. 🫡
Things the show gets right: the visual aesthetic is absolutely perfect, IMO. It really is the games in live action. The story of wasteland survival and evil corporations with Vaut-Tec at the centre couldn't be more Fallout. The characters are well-written, especially The Ghoul, Lucy and Norm. It seems like Walton Goggins was born to play his role. Lucy has a great character arc, where she maintains her core values, but learns to adapt to the harsh world above. Norm has his big awakening when, after his cowardice during the raider attack induces self-loathing, he starts to notice that things in the vault seem... off. He then spends the rest trying to uncover what's being kept from the vault dwellers. These are all very good and very Fallout.
1000
Thats 2 shows set in the 2070s based on videogames doing well both with a main character named Lucy, in a setting with a focus on technology
Yeah i wasn't expecting much with the series, gotta say that it was a pleasent surprise! As a Halo fan it's sad, but as a Fallout enjoyer:  *i got spurs that jingle jangle jingle!*
The best part of the show was easily the ghoul and the vault mysteries.  The worst was the brotherhood of steel.  It felt like it was written by someone who has no idea what chain of command actually means
The flag scene was such a small scene but big impact, honestly got me
Lucy's brother Norm is a very underrated character. His story of finding out the truth of Vault 31 was one of the show's highlights
6:30 Theres no way they did that scene on the first try
never played Fallout but the show is so good that you wouldn't even notice it's an adaptation.
Act man: well thought out dialogue  Show: want to make my cock explode
Ignoring that Frederick Sinclair is the only reason the Dead Money DLC exists and that he's representing Big MT (Old World Blues)
I loved the show. I wish it was a while after new vegas like 50-100 years after. I do not think they shouldve destroyed the ncr at shady sands and then destroyed them again at the observatory. I think they should respect they were built over 3 games and let them exist. They took 2 games to finally kill the enclave, but they nuked shady sands offscreen. It is not in line with what they have given us in the past, and it seems they just wanted a easy way to get rid of them. They made up their own bad guy to kill the ncr, and now the bos is the de facto leader of east and west. I think there is a effort to make fallout lose all civilization and make it wild west, because they think that will be the most popular. I think they should leave the west coast as more advanced than the east, and not make east and west identical.
Im gonna say it. Henry Cavil as Geralt does not work for me. I always see Henry as a cosplayer. Its bizzare.
I'm so hyped for the second season. This show is the bomb.
I was super sceptical but yeah the show is fab. It lacks a bit after 4th Episode or so, but still, it all holds up. I would prefer less humor (I am F1 and 2 fan not 3rd and 4th) but it is bearable here, it works and I cant wait for season 2.
The show does exactly what an adaptation to a different format should do.  I feel having a game that showed the kind of characters that this show does, would be less viable for the concept of an RPG in any Fallout entry.  The game always places you into a character you can develop yourself, as it should of course. And it's awesome!  But taking time away from the gameplay of an RPG to go look at flashbacks or fixed characters of the degree of significance that these new characters have, simply makes sooo much sense in a TV format.  The lore confirmations we get, the implications, and the personal development of what's going on was excellently handled.    SPOILERS BELOW:  The scene where Vault-Tec, but really the Enclave, are agreeing to destroy the world is suuuper dark, but then mixed in with Cooper listening in, wishing for his wife to be a good person, and she straight up says the worst stuff adds a personal element to it that makes everything hit even harder.  Probably my favorite scene.
Great series loved it! , one thing I did not get was how the residents of the vault 33 at the beginning knew about the existence of the raiders since they had no clue what life looked like on the surface.
After suffering through halo season 2 this show was honestly a breath of fresh air. I binged the entire thing in two days and loved every minute of it, not a single episode bored me and I was hooked.
Modern Midia these days we are getting so much Insert generic Strong female characters with zero character growth that knows everything from the start and she's better than everyone else, I'm glad they nailed with Lucy and her character development actually feels natural and getting better overtime rather than being an instantly mary sue.
Remember when the halo actor made excuses to take his helmet off? In this show we see a camera angle from INSIDE the power armor helmet. Like wow is that so hard? Just do that but 90% of the time with John
Helldivers jumpscare
Has Season 2 started yet? Hell, is the first season even OVER yet? I can't help but feel like people REALLY need to not get their hopes up too high too early. Remember what happened with the Halo TV series?
That's OK You can Keep it.
The fact that there's no Ron Perlman intro made me sad. However, what might happen when the series comes to an end is that we get a slide show narrated conclusion to the story. THAT would be the cherry on top. A man can dream.
Glad to see the series doing well. Now we just need to save 40k from games workshop. Remeber guys there are no female custodes. Never have been.
The only thing i dont like is obviusly the new vegas lore changes. I dont know why bethesda doesnt want to show civilization rebuilding.
L take based on title. It was a solid show at best. And that’s if you just ignore the fact that it’s supposedly canon. As long as I can pretend it’s not canon, it’s solid at best. Your expectations are too low simply because everything else sucks. Stop letting these companies get away with shoveling trash (which is perpetuated by calling shit that is mid “unbelievably good”)
I actually thought the showing of the NCR flag in that one scene was the worst example of handling fan service in the show. It was the one time they did the whole camera pan around with swelling music sort of thing. That sort of over the top focus on something just because it's significant to the fans more so than the characters feels really annoying to me. I really liked how most of it was handled though. Things like looking at background characters and seeing some rando wearing a recon helmet or two raiders wearing tires wrapped around their shoulders. Things like that where no unnecessary attention is given to it, but everywhere you look it looks like stuff from the game is just a natural part of the world.
I thought it would be shite. I was wrong as hell 😂
F for Ron Perlman. Legitimately the only gripe I have with the whole season. I think Ron needs to be the big bad for the next season. [EDIT] OMG I'm watching this while I'm working and I can not stop laughing. The bit about them dropping the ball on the gore, seriously I might get fired lmao. *You take a sip from your trusty Vault 13 Canteen....*
I enjoyed the show, but I do wish it had more of an NCR presence. Didnt like how small they became in the show after basically being there own country by the New Vegas timeline
I might be the only one who hates it, not that good
I actually liked Halo 😂😂😂
The show did an impressive job of adding fan service but with meaning and an appreciation of the universe.
My main problem is it has the same fundamental misunderstanding of the world Black Isle created in the first two games. Instead of a world with people surviving in the wastland for generations developing their own settlement and cultures you the world looks as if it has only recently begun to be reinhabitated with people who still talk like when the bombs dropped despite that happening well over 100 years ago.
I love that scene at the beginning about why the vault guy always has a thumbs up. If the nuclear blast is smaller than your thumb, run for the hills. If it’s bigger, don’t bother running. I don’t know if that was explained in the games, but that one scene alone adds so much to the lore of Fallout.
Awh I really enjoyed the series. Granted I’ve not played any of the fallout games (but did watch video essays when fallout 76 came out lol) I loved the whole vibe (post apocalyptic horror + cheesy 70s? optimism) and the series also made me look further (been watching all the lore videos)! Undoubtedly fallout lore is very interesting!! I’m glad I’ve stumbled onto it all
I really enjoyed season 1. For me, the weakest was the treatment of the BoS. instead of a well-disciplined paramilitary army of zealots, we get a cult of cruel, weak-willed idiots, at least judging by 4 of the characters we meet: Max, Dane, Thaddeus and Titus. Not a very good representation, IMO. In the games, the BoS have honour and "brotherhood". In some ways, they are to be admired. In the show, we're not given a lot of reason why someone would want to join the BoS.
I would disagree that the show is "unbelievably good" but it's MUCH better than expected. This is an acceptable game to show adaptation.
I'm so ready for more, im excited to see New Vegas
I'm not sure I've ever binge watched an entire season of a new show in one sitting. It's a great show. I worry about Amazon and Bethesda trying to cash in to hard. I hope Henry Cavill is taking notes. The Warhammer 40K show could be great.
Your reaction to The ending 14:39 was my exact reaction my Girl looked at me like WTF? 😂
Wanted to hate it. Ended up loving it.
I love how I could actually visualize the dialogue options in some of the dialogue sequences. Like i could just see +Karma or -Karma pop up on screen. Or charisma/intelligence checks. Just the way they did the dialogue seemed so much like the games.
Tell me you don’t know enough about the lore of Fallout without saying you don’t know enough about the Fallout lore. This show is a feminist character assassination of the franchise. The lore is super fu*ked and all the men are useless pu$$ies. Go watch it again and actually pay attention to anything but the action and set design. It’s Halo show levels of bad.
Retcons fallout NV out of existence, yet is somehow a good show and is faithful to the source material, yea ok buddy.
The gouls pipe pistol shooting sound is perfect every time.
I hope we get Libert Prime.
Their is one issue i do have so spoilers right here:     So at the end of the show, they show new vegas, so if season 2 takes place in ñew vegas and this series takes place 9 years after fallout out 4 then that means theyre has to be a canonical ending to new vegas as well to fallout 4 if the prydwin is also here. Now, personally, i dont have a problem, but others might.
The Fallout TV Show has my “Big Iron” extending my “barrel”, if you catch my drift
Honestly I’m amazed that this show succeeded in capturing everything that’s great about fallout, it’s a shame that halo couldn’t do the same.🐱
jew watching a white woman kiss a black man holding a white mans head
Gotta find me a vault girl willing to help me pop a pimple like Maximus did
Yeah I watched it with my mom and I had to explain a bunch of lore and the technology. She loves it!
As a long standing Fallout fan: the series is amazing. They put in just the right amount of lore to keep the fan happy without dropping too much of it in one go, which made it appealing for everyone.   Now I'm pumped up for the second season.
Fallout is best known for finding your dad with a sprinkle of find your son.
The person that recommended this show to me? My 75 yr old grandmother who binge watched the show with my grandfather.  She didnt know it was a video game until i told her. She said "it seems right up your alley, i think youll like it".  This show is for people who like shows, just like fallout is for people who like video games.  Its awesome. God dammit 343...
“Thou shalt be side tracked by bullshit every goddamn time”  The best line Ive heard in the show so far. Sums up Fallout Games perfectly!!!
Is it good? Yes. 8/10. Just limit your expectations. Thats all
Fallout makes me very excited for the God of War series Amazon is doing
I LOVED this show and I didn't realize at the time but when titus is running from the yoi-goi my brain was just like "UR IN POWER ARMOR" Then I remember, and I'm just liie "RUN"
This show got me to download Fallout 76. It’s pretty fun now somehow?
REAL💯💯💯.🙏🏽🩸
Oh no there are Tons of Fan service Moments but it’s just done so tastefully that’s the difference background items and things laying around some signs weapons they didn’t use but we saw it’s just beautiful
Bethesda is releasing an update for Fallout 4 that optimizes and gives 60fps. it's also on sale with all dlc for like $10.
Me when I get paid to say shit
In all fairness, in the fallout games do we not kinda bullshit through dangerous situations sometimes?
The only "REAL" gripe i have is that they changed the brotherhood to resemble more of a full on cult religious society. I respect the changes but i wish they wouldve made less about rituals, clerics, and "serving" the knights and more how it (to my memory its been a while) was portrayed in the games with militaristic values and the majority of people working together for the common goal of policing the wasteland for tech and like. I didnt like how most of the interactions between the brotherhood characters were negative in a malicious way and wish they had more of the "friendly" banter between say USMC enlisted / officers and the like. I feel it wouldve made for a better BoS showing and screenplay. Thats my only gripe, everything else is exactly what i would want from a fallout tv adaptation
There was a laser rifle in Thaddeus' squire bag. Never used though.
I love this show, but I do have to say some scenes did look so odd with the CGI, not enough to annoy me or drag down the experience but when she opened the vault door like something about that arm and the film grain on the door just felt very green screen, still give this show an 8 or 9 out of 10,  it was far far better than I thought it would be.
The whater chip is broken reference in fallout 1  i love that !
Yeah it isnt for me but I guess to each his own!
Halo goofed up
Personally I thought anytime spent with Maximus took away from the two much more interesting arcs, but a lot of people seem to like the character (and the actors performance), so it must just be a “me” thing
I like how the protagonists felt like our gamer personalities, The Vault Dweler: our eagerness for exploration and curiosity, The Brotherhood Scribe: our expectations vs reality of any faction we began to like, The Ghoul: our desire to murder anything and anyone in our way to get what we want, and The brother: a need to uncover misteries and secrets hidden within the location we are
The Fallout show is just… Is just…  Oh well, I'm the type of guy who will never settle down Where pretty girls are, well you know that I'm around I kiss 'em and I love 'em cause to me they're all the same I hug 'em and I squeeze 'em they don't even know my name
0:44 "The TV Show has renewed interest in the other Fallout games as well"  I'm one of the people doing Fallout 76 for the first time after watching the show. The reason is that Fallout 76 is (was?) free to play for a week, so I thought "free is the right price point" then it was $8 to own (80% off), so after 15 hours I was like "Game's gotten to only a 7.2/10 after all the bug fixes, but for $8? Sure. It's good enough. I'll run it solo and call it a new Fallout 4 DLC." I think if Bethesda made this a long-running truth to Fallout 76 - every steam account gets 1 week free - and charged $8 after that (NOT $40) - they'd get a massive player base on 76 and probably make their money back on whales buying cosmetics.
That 50s music works so damn well for the series, it’s like a cheat code. There were some scenes that I started to dislike, then WHAM, 50s music plays and everything turns out ok.
its shit
Even though I know it is a troll just for the thumbnail alone.
Am I the only one who has real negative thoughts when people say adaption..... AdaptAtion my brother. Adaptation. Adaption is not a word. Is this a big deal. No. Am I justified in getting so irritated about it. Not at all. But please. Using words is entire your job. Use good words, or at minimum, ones that are actual words.
It's sad there weren't any deathclaws, guns other than bullets, and those green ugly ass muntants I also but it is nice with the details they did like power armor being shown as red in the HUD when damaged (ep2 ghoul fight with Maxumis)
I went into this prepared to be disappointed, I was convinced it couldn't be done, just couldn't see it not end up goofy in live action, even if I thought they'd be genuinely trying, which I didn't think they would be. Very happy to have been wrong.
The biggest "complaint" I've seen with the retconning is that most fallout games have multiple endings, and a canon TV show is liable to canonize certain endings and decanonize others, some gamers don't appreciate a "true" ending
I don't really like it, personally. After 2 episodes I quit. My main issue is that I don't really like any of the characters. Lucy is ok, but the rest I actively dislike. The bounty hunter wouldn't be bad, but the writers don't know how ghouls work, and that got on my nerves.   My other complaints are all lore related, and there are a lot, but the main ones are the omission of nearly everything established on the west coast games, or the games that Bethesda didn't make. There is no NCR for instance. The show takes place in California, which is completely within NCR territory during the time the show takes place, but we see none of that. The Brotherhood in the show behaves nothing like the actual Brotherhood, whether it be the west coast or east coast factions, and lastly the visuals are all based on F4/76 which were imo the worst and least visually appealing games in the series.
About 2 hours ago I was wondering “when is act man gonna talk about fallout.” An hour later and here it is🥲
Fallout fans eating good for the first time since New Vegas released. But we all know Besthsda are going to fuck us over so best prepare.
as a fallout fan for almost a decade, seeing this show and all the positive feedback gives me so much happiness and hope for the series. Unlike the halo show where we were BEGGING them to not do a season 2, here people are begging FOR a season 2, and I agree!! its so well made and makes me so happy to see :)
I fucking loved the hacking scene
this show is bad , the story is low effort writing
Hello Act Man! It would be like real hip and cool if you were to play Sifu. Just food for thought 🤯🤯
I love the show. Main characters are likeable, sets are amazing, absurd humor made me laugh.I wish they would explore some darker themes from the old games though. Im not deep into the lore to know all the details they've changed, I hope they will clarify any changes and expand the world in the future seasons. There are some plotholes but it might be budgeting or too many writers. I guess hard core fans might have some more negative points, but I feel people who will complain the most will be those who never played the games and are just your typical cynical grifters who shit on evertything that comes out.
The Act Klan? No thanks
I'm very picky about the shows I watch. The fact that I did not cringe or roll my eyes suprised me. Well done
My nana loves the show😂
Now they just need to keep the same crew and ideas.  Domt deviate and keep it simple. The cast is fucking excellent and Walton Goggins steals the show as always.
I wasn't expecting the modern day sections to be so good. The drama leading up to the finale was that extra layer of fruit in this delicious cake.
My favourite scene was when John Fallout said his iconic line, "It's fallout time," before he got himself some deathclussy.
Todd Howard just can't accept humanity pulling itself up out of the muck and wants Fallout to be stuck in perpetual tribal mode. The only reason for destroying the NCR.
I have a sneaking suspicion you aren't wearing the full benny outfit and your ass is just wearing cargo pants below that desk
Only thing I hated was the stupid music they used for the ghoulboy theme song.
The second I started the first episode and saw the intro with the companies with the old tv and static effect I went "damn I really am going to look like that one leonardo dicaprio meme throughout the whole show"
There was one thing that rubbed me the wrong way... in EP1. where dad is given choice between daughter and dwellers... yet it is never delivered on? confusing. Best moment Dogmeat.
I think the Fallout Show was an unbelievable meh. In my not-so-humble opinion, the first two episodes were dragging to hook me, and the only good hooks (with disappointing payoffs) were Vault 4, Vault 31, The Radio Station, and the Finale. Everything else felt like a slog to get through.  Also, Coop OP, plz nerf.
I totally agree! Its a masterpiece!!
Man that ending got me so hyped I thought for a bit it was gonna get the halo show treatment.
as someone that never really liked fallout much, but loves Halo, this show has set me into a deep deep depression. Fallout should not have a better story than fucking Halo..... what the fuck guys
Haven’t even watched yet but can till it’s gonna be move positive then pyrocynical
They need to tone down the camp. Cutting every serious moment with a joke was marvel levels of lame writing. What was with the brotherhood being a teen comedy? But they got a good base to build from
I am confounded by how much people seem to like to this awful show. I guess most folks never played fallout 1 or 2
RING-A-DING BABY, THE ACT MAN IS RADPOSTING!
FPSKyle said on PKN that Fallout game fans are constantly Leonardo DiCaprio in the meme where he's pointing at the TV.
Dude ROFL at the helldivers nod 🤣🤣🤣 well played
Rest in peace twomad
It's woke and decent we've just been conditioned to trash
Well... not really.
I knew the cukman would have this opinion
The 007 in the backround when he is talking is 10/10 clutch haha
i dont mean this in any offensive way to walton goggins and the way he looks but i think hes absolutely a GREAT role for a rough n tough ghoul given his history with western adjacent kind of films. that and he just looks like somebody you would run into in new vegas. his vineers also actually compliment his ghoul makeup, accurant to pre-fallout 4 ghouls.
I was worried about the show before it came out, thought it would be like halo. Im so happy they nailed it
I haven't played all the fallout games there are, but i played 3, 4 and new vegas. 76 a litte bit last year but after a short time.   What I wonder is, why do so many people seem to either not care or forget that if there is a Fallout 3, there must be a 1 and 2, right? And many people who watched the show probably only played 3 and/or 4.   Now, I haven't played Fallout 1 and 2. But shouldn't they be included when coparing the games and the tv show for that review? Or any review of Fallout in general? It always feels like a huge chunk is missing otherwise.
My brother and I are watching this show together as Fallout fans and we wish we could just play the show as a game. I don't think i could possibly five this show any higher praise
Although I liked the show overall, it is extremely woke and filled with left wing propaganda.
What?? Creating a TV show by understanding and respecting the source material, instead of thinking you can do better than the original writers and changing everything, actually results in a critical success? Bullshit! I don't believe you!  What's next? You're gonna tell me making games with features that gamers like, instead of checking boxes in an activism todo-list, will result in good sales numbers?! Nonsense, I tell you...
was that a helldivers reference?
The Act Man now sponsored by Sweet Baby inc
vault 69
I was waiting for the ActMan review 🙏🏻 This one really surprised me I’m very pleased with how it turned out.
Not to mention the fallout series is also on sale at crazy low prices on steam rn… so now I get to play new Vegas on my new PC for the first time since my 1st play through on 360
Can you do a spoiler only video follow up to this? I'd love to hear why you think Robert House being complicit in ending the world is an "awesome cameo" as you described it since it destroys his whole character. Or that New Vegas is destroyed like New California Republic is also destroyed is tubular as a fan? This is what you praise as "wholesome love letter to the fans"? We don't have to be nerds to talk about the chalkboard dates 🤓--- the consistent intent of destroying West Coast USA Fallout canon is incessive as it is ever present. Mr House would not be cheerleading destroying himself. Have some post nut clarity and think this one through.
It was much better than I thought it would be, a little safe but that's much better than failed risks for a first season. Will keep watching it!
We are in the golden age of video game adaptations. Fallout was fantastic, The last of us was great. Even Twisted Metal was a solid outing. I look forward to more.
This show got me in the mood to play new Vegas again. Can't say the halo show inspired that feeling lol.  Fighting zombies and wandering around Knox county Kentucky makes you wanna see the act man review project zomboid
Headphone warning 7:46
I gave up on TV shows ain’t nothing worth watching really anymore
it was not really that good it retconned so much from the old fallout games..
Probably the best game adaptation ever.  Man, we need this so bad.  Maybe, as a gamer, I can once again feel hope.
Its just so sad that I don't believe, even for a second, that Bathesda will do a good job in the next game because of the success of this show... I would love that.. but this is Bathesda... New Vegas and Skyrim is just a good memory now... never a promise of something just as memorable in the future...
Hi
When I watched the first Fallout tv trailer I honestly thought it would be another Halo shitshow. But I was so glad to be pleasantly shocked at how good the series was.
Half of the jokes were “marvel-esque” cringe.. but anyway there’s too many people praising/hating this as if it’s anything more or less than like a 6 or 7 out of 10. Also Lucy is a 10 strength 1 charisma 1 int 10 luck build
When it comes to shilling you take the cake.
There is another Easter egg I found from the game which I have spotted.  SPOILER**         In one of the episode at the beginning of the series, the scene with the scientist or doctor passes an American solider who is holding a laser rifle. I just realised after rewatching the series.
bro when will you do "why rdr 2 is awesome" 😢 i have been waiting ever since your stream series
They had laser weapons but none were shot.  (I think some of the enclave soldiers had laser rifles).  They only used bullets.  I assume this was at least partially due to costs.  Hope to see a laser minigun in season 2.
Don't really like that they make all the factions look incompetent. Brotherhood of Steel and Vault Tec especially. So Vault 31 has no security at all with Hanks son just walking in? Even though it has the big corpo's in there? Mehh...  Don't get me wrong, i liked the show... but for such big players in the game, they make them look useless and incapable.
Exploding cock is Toss a coin of the Fallout series. For some it's funny as hell, for me it's cringy as fuck.
yikes, we'll be back here in 6 months when he completely flips his opinion.
Hey remember that time you totally ignored the biggest story to break in gaming this year? I'll ALWAYS remember.
Don’t know why my comment won’t post. But I wanted to say you should try the tale of two wastelands mod (TTW). It combines both fallout 3 and new Vegas into new Vegas’s engine and you can seamlessly travel between both games via a subway station while carrying over loot and progression and stuff. It’s really cool and compatible with majority of mods
Going in with no expectations, I’m really happy with it! Clearly the producers understand Fallout, and I love the amount of fan service without it ever feeling forced. Genuinely psyched for season 2 (…Deathclaws…)
This show decanonized New Vegas and the original games' lore.
That'll make people look up to see what are the other vaults like.  Me: They are mostly bad Vaults. I hope Fallout 5 takes place in Florida tho.
You don't see a single super mutant throughout the entire first season.  I thought it was a little odd.
I think the shows finale will have a new vegas style narrated ending and i hope to god(todd howard lol) that ron pearlman voices it
too bad it will take bethesda another decade to produce a real fallout game
Couldnt help but see alot of “chicken” stuff in the show.    Think its a skyrim joke lol
I've been pointing at the screen like DiCaprio so many times while watching it with my wife 😂
Thanks for the review as always my friend!
This show is a massive slap in the face to real fans. The tourists love it and that’s not a surprise. Considering the show is entirely inspired by Bethesda’s bastardisation of the series instead of respecting the real Fallout games.  Nuking Shady Sands is the “somehow Palpatine returned” of Fallout. One line of dialogue completely nullifies the original trilogy. Nothing that happened in Fallout, F2 or New Vegas mattered because some random guy nuked it all because of a 13 year old redditor’s understanding of capitalism.   Todd may ‘own’ Fallout but the original trilogy reminds him daily that it’ll never truly be his. So he does the next best thing. Reset.   It’s exactly the same as Disney undoing the Star Wars trilogy. At least the Halo show has the decency to not pretend to be canon. This show is as much “Fallout” as the Halo show was “Halo.”
Had to replay New Vegas after watching the show. The show is peak fiction!
Incredibly overrated show. The music and visuals are very Fallout, but the story and characters are just more Amazon designed by committee modern day trash.
Wheres that Halo Season 2 video my guy?
Netflix witcher is not based on any videogame
Well it’s not perfect but it’s pretty good for a fallout game
Couldn’t let the helldivers reference go
The ghoul is easily my favorite characters in a TV show ever. He is well developed and extremely funny. All the main characters (including the little brother at the vault) each go through big character development. It is such a joy to watch.
Wait a minute... Your the one that convinced me the show sucks!
NGL, I was skeptical of this when it got announced.  But man, after just finishing it minutes before coming to watch this, Holy hell. I'm invested. Especially after that "meeting" scene. Walter Goggins was perfect for the pre-war ghoul. Can't wait to see him help Lucy be a little less naive, and Lucy help him find his humanity again.
Your friend angry Joe show had a different opinion on it 😭
The part with the NCR flag where they tease the fallout theme song gave me chills
Will you stream the new Vegas play through?
The first couple episodes were good but god damn it went downhill hard by the end. It pretty much ruined the entire thing. I don't understand what is wrong with you people. Do you not know what good writing is?
the actress that plays lucy said she went and played the fallout games to understand the role and show
day 1 of asking for the stalker franchise reviews
I went into the show expecting Halo or The Witcher and I was very very happily surprised at what we got. Of course there are some creative liberties taken ( iron man faceplate on the power armor helmet and shady sands being retcon’d to not only getting nuked but 300 km southwest of where fallout 1 states where it was) but it stayed 99.99999% faithful to the source material while making entertaining media. 10/10 from me 9.5/10 at the worst ( I have  10,000+  hours in fallout games, and I liked the show, expecting to hate it. IMO that says something)   Edit: and they could NOT have gotten a better actor to play the one eyed overseer. Fuckin Jerry Smith VA was perfect casting
I love the show so danm much it is THE best video game live action we got so far...I love the characters Maximus, Lucy and her Brother...with that ending season 2 is going to be nuts... 10/10 for me
10/10 purely based on the HD@ callout. :D
No the last of us tv show didn't land on head and fall out new Vegas was a masterpiece I wish I can play it again
I agree with 100% of everything said.
The you wanna have sex joke came up just so nonchalant that i thought i zoned out lmao and then it was paid off later for an even funnier line after Max has the oysters. This show was great. The Ghoul is my favorite so far. But Lucy is great too. The pre war stuff was just as good.
I enjoyed it, watched it with my wife and she loved it as well.
So damn good, reignited the fallout fire and now i wanna play all the games again
I thought it was just ok, and even sometimes meh, but I'm also very obviously in the minority
I love that you can shit on bad shows but still give good shows the praise they deserve.
You Halo fans did not deserve the Halo TV show
One thing I hated was how Ghoul knows the power armor's weakness in the last episode, but when he was fighting Maximus he shot at him endlessly
ear rape 07:42
Don't forget Castlevania, absolutely a god tier adaptation.
I hope other upcoming game adaptions really take note.
Along with the broken lore of shady sands being wreked I couldn't relate with maximus constant stolen Valor other than that not bad
00:08 the Castlevania show too
Seems to have mixed reception.  Half say it's good, the other half say it's horrible.
I wish they would’ve done halo like this😢 I’m very glad this exists🙌🏽
Smh controlled opposition
Act Man, of all the characters you had to dress up as, it had to be the tool that is Benny. I have mixed feelings on him, usually solved by a bullet or two. Speaking of Benny though, I do wonder if the show will go for certain endings from the later games
I remember being 12 and just in my room playing Fallout 3. It was a turbulent time in my childhood as my parents' relations were at their worst, but I was able to pull myself away from all that and just have time to enjoy this game. It's easily my favorite title in the series and ever since I've developed a love for the series as a whole.   A friend and I did a watch party for this. We're expecting honestly a very mid experience as so many things prior have disappointed us to the point where we found few things to even be positive about. But... by even the end of the first episode I was hooked. I got tears in my eyes just from how happy I was that something I've loved was faithfully implemented so well. The music, art design, set pieces... Every detail brought me back to the memories I had as a kid just being able to play games after school.  I'm already excited for season 2 and I've already been rewatching season 1.
The only thing i've seen that really breaks lore is how fred sinclair looks, since in NV he looks a lot like mr house, but in the show hes a fat guy. But even then they could just say the one from the show is Sinclair Sr and the one from new vegas is his son with the same name. It'd be an easy addition really.
Netflix Resident Evil series was so bad that people forgot its existence LMAO
I was skeptical about the show aswell due to other game series like halo or the witcher failing but thank god was i proven wrong, the "oh shit" moments i had and some nerdgasm and the prewar scrnes watching the episodes with my dad 😂 but also i got a little confused at some points of the story like one particular location being bombed away or specific symptoms for a specific group......i dont wanna spoil it but some of you probably get what i mean, anyway the show was like a 8.5/10 . Maybe more falloit items like weapons, armor or robots then its a 10.
So, we actually see quite a few laser/plasma guns, but we don't see them used on screen. Moldaver users a laser pistol, there's a plasma rifle in the shop in ep 2, the enclave guards hold laser rifles (should be plasma, but just a nitpick)
8:10 No its exatclythe opposite i was terified at first then found the f5 button.
Maybe Bethesda can take advantage of this hype for fallout and give us a new Vegas remake/remaster
Ive been wanting to get back into fallout 76 but its 98gbs and i already have warzone 2 (that has mw2 and 3 content lumped into it so for me its 188gbs.) and will be getting forza 5 back in a few days (like 138gbs.) so i damn sure don't have space.
It's a great idea to make 3 characters in the forefront represent the Bethesda era games: -Vaultie suddenly drawn to find their father outside in the Wasteland -California Ranger with a big iron on his hip -Brotherhood aspirants from the more active Prydven like ship command structure
I’m excited for season 2 cuz of that final scene on the last episode.   The show technically takes place about 15 years after that game.
AC-130 Above just means the discord count is all
should've mentioned the resident evil show when you were giving examples of bad game shows
Was expecting this post!
I think the biggest question  on everyones mind is: Whats your modlist for new vegas?
I was NOT expecting this... like at all
The only thing that bums me out about the show, is that Bethesda didn’t have Fallout 5 ready for us to play when the last decade was spent on Starfield.
No.
See halo, that's how you adapt into a show
If Thaddeus isn't a companion in Fallout 5 I'm putting a razor blade in Todd Howards boot.
I wish they would've showed some Pip Boys with different color than green since it's a configurable setting in the game settings. Would've been so cool
Patrolling the Mojave almost makes me wish for a "Why is Red Dead Redemption 2 a Masterpiece?" video.
Shame most who react/review does not mention the Fallout 1 and 2 references being seen. As most started with Fallout 3. Either way, it was really good, and I hope we do see more of the energy weapons in Season 2 if it be a thing (most likely! )
why didnt they do thid with halo come on prime do better!!!!!!  👿
I’ve never played fallout but I enjoyed this series very much. It’s really made me want to try playing some of the games. Any recommendations on which one to start with?
I care about the and I LOVED the show. It FELT like Fallout and the minor errors can be explained or easily glossed over...loved the games, played thousands of hours in EACH game (yes, including 76)...this is the best live action adaptation of Fallout you could make at this time...
War, war never changes
Yep it’s pretty good
I love the show. My only nitpick is the whole plot convenience. It just seemed on the nose in a few scenes.
just wanna say, you do see the shady sands lady w an energy pistol at least. might be the only energy weapon i saw. right at the climactic battle.
Loved this show. When I finished it I immediately turned on my XBox to download it and replay it, and for the full game, and season pass, it only cost me £14!!! 😃 And it’s getting a next gen update on the 25th, SO happy 😁
Glad to see another beloved game franchise adapted correctly, let’s hope this trend continues on 🙏
You'd probably like Netflix's Castlevania.
One thing I do think is that The Ink Spots deserve recognition for their music in fallout. And I hope that their estates are receiving proper compensation. “It’s All Over but the Crying” and “I Don’t Want to Set The World On Fire” those songs are intrinsic to the identity of the fallout franchise
Dead rising music lol
i hope they handle the NCR and New Vegas/Mr. House well next season
Walton Coggins posing as the fallout boy thumbs up is somethimg i didnt know i needed..untill i seen it😌
Nice checkered suit jacket Act Man,  What in the goddamn.
Kinda fun cause the first time i played fallout i was the exact oposite to lucy , i went full edgelord  ( i was 15 )
"just stick to the elements that made the games appealing in the first place" hah yeah well that'd be too easy wouldn't it
Oooo back with Benny's suit again
its good for newbies but changes some stuff that will be a bit difficult to explain in the games
This show isn't unbelievably good. It is mid af there is one good character and he is a ghoul.  This show doesn't have even half of the complex lore behind the fallout franchise. Very basic boiler plate stuff that a normal would think that this is what fallout is.  The only reason people are going crazy is because this is the only show that hadn't shoved woke trash up our ass camouflaged as candy in the past 5 years. It's sad to see so many people acting like this is the best thing ever when it could have been so much better.
SPOILERS ******* SPOILERS One of my favourite parts was at the start of episode 7 where we see Cooper/The Ghoul for the first time that episode talking to the father and son (plus the daughter). It seemed to look like a reference to "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" (or "For a Few Dollars More" cannot remember). Comparing to Lee Van Cleef character eating at someone house to get info. So cool
Lets be real; It did well because there wasnt an original story it had to adapt, just the world
Got a Star Wars Outlaws add the second the NCR flag came on screen. Never have I ever seen such polar opposites.
It's the opposite of the Halo show in every way
My only issue is the timeline and treatment of the NCR. Compared to all the other things that could've been wrong, it's such a nitpick that will only bother specific people. Genuinely a good show
is this coping?
Act Ma'am in its natural habitat shilling for the delicious Bethesda bucks blessed by todd howard himself.
Okey Dokey Job!
It's "okay", but NOT "unbelievably good"  My bf said it was mid, and has zero interest in season 2
Welp…. I guess it’s time to boot up Fallout NV again….
It was so refreshing to have an Actually well written female Lead in 2024
Sorry act man but this is one video I disagree with. Massive plot hoe and they killed my favorite faction. They ruined the lore.
At 13:13 The song played at the scene and during the voting scene is a rendition of Battle Hymn of the Republic, an American Civil War song
After watching the show, I got the "courage" to find and order a copy of Fallout New Vegas for the Xbox 360 :)
Reminder: you are not obliged to acknowledge the lore/story changes the IP holder does to your favorite franchise.
What are (in your opinion) the souls borne series ranked worst to best? (That being demon souls, dark souls 1 , 2, and 3, blood borne, Sekiro and Elden ring
Watching the Fallout show just made me want to play the games because they're better. It's not necessarily watered down but they could've done a bit better in a lawless wasteland with some of the fighting. Little bit of spoilers maybe if you haven't seen it, definitely disappointed with the weird monster thing they chose to make a big feature out of, don't know tf it was unless it was from somewhere in F4 and I forgot about it, they tease deathclaw to no avail in this season. It's not a bad show but they kind of pick and choose with the main character, at least the vault girl. Sometimes she exhibits common sense and others shes some kind of naive, woke?, character that wouldn't honestly survive in the wasteland. They don't do a great job of explaining some things, like if you've never played the games coming into this the bottlecaps are mentioned like twice with no further detail on what they are, or why they use caps as currency. I don't remember if it's from somewhere in any of the games but iirc ghouls aren't bulletproof so that's a kind of a weird thing. But the worst of all, is the fucking tone deaf moron who was in charge of his theme, every other time they have some out of place literal yodeling playing with this character. I shit you not, in the last episode, part of the climax of the season, they subtitle it 'intense action music,' it's the fucking guy yodeling, then just a few scenes later, it says 'interesting suspenseful music' or some shit, it's the guy fucking yodeling again. THEN IT PLAYS WITH THE CREDIT ROLL! WHERE IS YODELING FROM IN ANY FALLOUT GAME, WHY IS IT EVEN IN THE SHOW, DID THEY RUN OUT OF THE BUDGET??????????
They dont directly use laser weapons on the show, but several people at points had laser pistols and rifles.
I thought it would be ok at most, dude I love this show
I just wanna scream "BOOOOYYYD" at something.
Imagine like a bloodborne show, that would be peak
That’s a nice suit ! This show was actually good 😊
Man this is great I was so fucking worried too. Halo ruined me - made me just fall out of love (only seen season 1) but I like fallout so much and just wanted to keep my sacred opinion of it sacred and thought a tv show would fuck all that up. It was really good
You know if 10 more big YouTubers tell me it's good I might actually start to believe it!
Like this comment if you would sex the ghoul
Maximus survided a Nuke in a fridge, Ghouls are made in a second now, need constant supply of radaway, power armor has voice changer now to set up a single plot line which was irrelevant anyway and they fly now (without a jetpack, but rather with ironman boosters in the hands?), AER9 is only shown but not used despite beeing standard issue for every brotherhood member, vault dweller searches missing father/family member (havent seen this before, ahem), raiders are super clean and pass as fellow vault dudes for plot convienience, missing father after wekks of captivity runs over 600 kilometers thru a desert without supplies like Forrest Gump just to tease the second season. Idk man, was it worth it? i just say ahem.
another L for act man... funny how one year is all it took to fall from grace
Honestly as far as “retconning” goes I don’t think the show retcons anything. The biggest issue might have been not adding enough years in between events for them to make sense time was but it all makes perfect sense lore wise.
Maximus' first good deed as a knight had me laughin so hard!
The amount of people that have been playing Fallout  - all of them on Steam - is just *chefs kiss* thats how you do it. Make a good show, get people interested or re-interested in the games.
I’m glad people are hyped on this show, since I’m deep into the fallout games and lore I see a lot of the dumb lore gatekeeper videos bitching and whining about this show over a few lore discrepancies that can be explained away and always boil down to “Bethesda bad”
Lost it at the Mr house cameo lmao about nerded OUT
Im genuinely surprised you aren't one of the people throwing their toys out of the pram thinking New Vegas is now non canon. Incidentally for you fools who are complaining, Todd Howard came out last night and confirmed that Shady Sands began to fall apart internally in 2277 but was nuked in 2282 which is 1 year after New Vegas, which means New Vegas and everything else in it is still canon, with the Mr House ending likely being the canon ending just as the Brotherhood ending is likely the canon ending of Fallout 4
I just finished it and freaken loved this show !! Was genuinely shocked they stuck the landing!
A lot of the pre war stuff is covered in the games, it’s just stashed away in the terminals. That’s why Norm’s accessing the terminals is iconic too; it’s literally something the player would be doing to uncover the truth of what they’re experiencing.
The Meat riding goes crazy. It hurts to see the standard for what is good writing has fallen so low. Regardless of being a video game show, the writing is just fucking mid.
The way wizards if the cost just ruined warhammer I feel sorry for henry cavil
As a fellow Halo fan, I'm sorry about what they did to Halo.
Somebody has to tell y’all this is modern slop just because it isn’t total complete garbage doesn’t mean it’s good
I was so so so so so so so so so so so so skeptical since hearing they were dropping a show. But I was blown away. It was really really good and enjoyable. The final shot of the last episode of the season 🤌 beautiful way to set up season two and makes me eager for 2
Yeah this show is incredible best video game adaptation in my opinion ever created
I love the scene when knight titus is running from the yao guai and just saying “fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck” 😂😂
hmmm the series is good but i dislike the idea of being part of the canon of games, i just dislike that the series is full on Bethesda Fallout and the Interplay/Black Ilse fallout just dies , its sad
i think the lack of laser weapons (especially by the brotherhood) has a greater meaning as theres an extreme scarcity of fusion cores and by extension any energy cells, could be the main tension of s2 with the cold fusion stuff
Wow you nailed all the moments that got to me too. Amazing review, way better than Angry Joe's.
Oh, except for the fact that it piledrives new vegas completely and annihilates an entire, hundred-year old faction despite it not making sense that a single city was nuked and the ENTIRE NATION COLLAPSED BECAUSE OF IT.
Out of all the gore the part that hit me the hardest was the Squire pulling his sock off.
Why did you put Witcher as a bad video game adaptation ? It is a bad book adaption, the show is not based on the games.
One thing i liked about the fallout show is that they didn’t shy away from the gore and blood kind of reminded me of the boys
not good
Plz review more fallout
Someone has to edit the war never changes opening in the show
There was a Brotherhood soldier in the Enclave holding a laser gun when the scientist is escaping.
Did anyone else think Thaddeus sounded like Charlie Day?
I love that Fred Armisen was a hipster. Like he was straight out of Portlandia
"if you want to see the fate of democracies, then look out of the windows"
2 episodes left that I'm watching tonight after work. I am fucking LOVING IT.
Patrolling the mojave almost makes you wish for a Ron Pearlman cameo.
6:39 I saw one video calling this scene cringe and all of the comments were just racist towards black people (and jewish people for some reason), glad to see most people still have their brains intact and see how good this show is
Pretty ok TV show but waaaaaaay better than other video game adaptations. Todd pls stop messing up the time line.
I’m sad that there wasn’t a whole chapter about The Ghoul
I liked how the 3 main characters represented diffetent karma levels. Hated the ghoul serum tho.
As a halo fan I’m very salty. As a fallout fan, I’m eating good right now. The duality of man
Man halo fans be crying in the corner rn
By killing the lire of new Vegas, usual piss poor writing, and general wokeness? That’s not a good show, it’s a shit show.
Oooooo all the anti-woke fallout new Vegas chuds are seething that ppl are enjoying this show lol
I loved how each of the characters feel spec'ed in to different skills and attributes. Norm is all intellect nothing physical, Lucy is high charisma with still good physical, Max only has endurance and every single defensive perk you can think of, and the ghoul is maxed agility and guns. Every character feels like a new play though where you have already come up with your backstory before you even start.
Ron wasnt in Fallout4 intro either
I dont know about "unbelievably" good. Its good tho.
I give it a 7/10
as always great video as well as show, act man i know you don't care for f allout 4 but maybie give it a try BC of show?
9:18 Pretty sure you do see a single energy weapon with an Enclave guard as the scientist walks by with the dog in his arms
this Fallout tv series is FUGGIN delicious! I am so hyped for season 2 and hoping they put as much effort into it as they did the first.
i almost couldn't focus because the soundtrack was giving me 007 flashbacks
Just a little thing but the guy with one eye was done really well i think. Usually when movies do that it looks dumb or awful but i kinda liked it in fallout.
This show, represents the games, the best, in its pacing. We learn about the main quest that seems pretty interesting at the very beginning of the game; we’re given a ticking clock, which doesn’t really do anything, and bunch of interesting side quests that make you forget about the main quest. All this leading to the convergence of all the side quests leading to the final mission. The show played out just like the games did.
The lead actress also played the games to be able to better play her role. She's quite literally a female Henry Cavill
woke asf, so many brainwashed NPCs eating up this garbage
BENNNNNYYY
Isn't the actor from the radio station the "scusi" Italian gay character from the comedy EURO TRIP?
Wow kinda shocked at least one game didn't get ruined by a bad TV show.
My biggest complain *spoiler* is how the NCR are just straight up raiders at the start of the show when they invade the vault, they wouldn't be that savage
now all we need is a good fallout game
I think it's worth noting that Bethesda didn't actually make the show, so naturally it's not Todd's decision on whether or not certain plot points happen (SPOILER, Todd was not the person who decided that Shady Sands would be nuked).
i didnt think i was gonna enjoy it but certainly ended up rather liking it. my only thing is i felp it gave me tonal whiplash a lot. theres a lot of eps where something serious that your supposed to care about happens and then its followed up by a somewhat questionable joke etc. I think maybe it would have benefitted from upping its age limit to 18 and sticking a little more to the serious side more consistently and not so much flip flopping between two moods. Even so it was, as i have said more then enjoyable
Lets hope they cook with the God of War adaptation and cast Christopher Judge as kratos 🙏🏽
3:40 You wanna know the funny thing? They dint retcon any shit. Most of fans dint know how to read a timelime
I thought it was pretty damn good… although once it got towards the end (imo), it fell off a pretty big cliff. Brought it from like an 8 or 9 to a 6 or 7 for me. That said, compared to other video game adaptations, it’s a breath of fresh air.
Fallout show be like:  Oh this is a nice tradition, what interesting cul- WHAT  If you know, you know
My favorite scene is when the fallout guy fell out of the vault and fallout'ed all over everyone
So much forced diversity crap in this show. I called so much of it before even seeing the full show. There were many woke things in this too. People denying this need a f*cking reality check.   That being said, it wasn't as bad as Halo or rings of power. The show was decent overall.
Do tale of two wastelands mod. It is the best gaming experience I have possibly ever had. Two amazing games in 1 with fallout 3 getting some updates that new Vegas had. If I made a list of my fav games it would be among the top 5.
The Fallout show makes me want to play Fallout.   The Halo show makes me not.... well... Infinite and 343 ruined that a while ago..  Anyways, I have a *very* basic understanding of lore. Watched it with my Fallout fanatic of a friend and he was pointing out stuff left and right. Awesome series 👏  I'm the Halo guy and I do not want to make him watch that show. I could barely get through it myself.
Went in with 0 preknowledge of Fallout and had so much fun. Omfg. Time to play the game.
I need to see Vegas In next season with Blue Moon acconpaniment
THE NCR will live!  From Todd today  "One of the takes that we always have is to approach things very locally when we're doing Fallout. We're careful about saying what's going on in other parts of the world. And we always take this view of, communication is difficult. And look, if you look at the background, the NCR is a wide-ranging sort of organization and group across not just California, but other places. So the show focuses on this period of time and this group here, and that's what we can say right now. But I don't think you've heard the last of the NCR"
This show is good but don’t forget act man hyped up payday 3…
12:30 I love how initially quiet it is in the classroom (asides music), everything she sees is something we see as well, and when were asking the same question, as soon as she opened that flag and we hear that iconic theme    Goosebumps man...I got me some of the goosebumps  If season 2 does take place in Nevada     Were in great hands boys and girls
You should make a video talking about the Hitman games
Where's the NCR Trooper who demanded the Fallout: New Vegas Act Man video? That boy is gonna want him to do reviews for each episode at this rate lol
Not really.. it’s a humiliation simulation
The acting, world building, and side quests are all good. BUT the story plot is terrible. For example, how would it benefit ANY business to nuke The world! Plus how does the NCR leader live for 200+ years or did she magically get access to a cryo tube AND why did she Thaw out at the time she does? How is the NCR leader supposed to be the good guy that the protagonist is supposed to believe when she saw her kill many of her friends and kidnap her dad. And on her dad he just turns bad which is totally opposite of how he is portrayed which makes no sense. It makes sense that the girl would believe her dad which you would expect he would try to make a compelling counter argument and all he says is that she is lying.
You have really really low expectations
0:44 yeah that along with every game in the franchise going on sale
Well the slo mo does a great job of also simulating VATS in the show without making it video gamey
Im not sure its THAT new news. But mr Howard, through IGN confirmed ALL Fallout games are CANON, yes Tactics too ( though some rewiring of events might be needed, the MW BoS are canon no matter what though ). I can * deep breaths * rest, knowing.. maybe SOMEDAY we will see in future Fallout games and the show, the Mid Western BoS with their pragmatic big group consisting of not only normie humans, but also ghouls and super mutants! Work hard, prove your worth and earn respect. Higher grades means a really unique and BADASS type of power armor, horned, with orange or black capes for some grades, orange eye visors and bunch of purple clad scribes/ scientists to back em all up. Cant effing wait! Thanks mr.Howard, faith mostly restored and finally getting back into Fallout after a looong hiatus😂
Act Man, quick note: we saw laser rifles on the Enclave guards in Ep 2, and a laser pistol wielded (but never fired) by Moldaver in Ep 8. Fifty bucks says she has a connection to the Enclave and laser weapons will be their “signature”
Your video was also so good that I can only nitpick like a nerd. 5:38 that's what a Geiger counter sounds like in real life, it isn't really a Fallout franchise thing. That's literally it, my only objection. Awesome video dude. 😎
the moment where they should the ncr flag and fallout music brought a tears to my eye and uncontrollable scream
This is where Todd Howard was putting his efforts rather than Starfield lol
I WAS GIVING YOU ONE LAST CHANCE ACTY. RETCONS. NO. 😭
Seen people complaining about the most absurd stuff when it comes to this show. Saw a video saying there were too many mixed race couples and that the show was zionist propaganda. Gotta love the internet
The attention to detail with every item, building, clothing, Armor, weapons etc is insane
There are laser weapons in the show at the enclave facility the scientist escapes from
I really don't understand why so many people have to be such cowards and *choose* to shill for these sorts of projects that don't actually respect their source material and all.  While I haven't seen the show, and I won't be a hypocrite and pretend that I have, I just have far too many doubts that this won't just be a bunch of of stupid woke bullshit, yet again.  And maybe it's an ok show, but you can't really blame me and the majority of people for being *very* wary of any sort of  remake or adaptation of a beloved series or franchise these days.  And I will say that I'm kind of  tired of the Act Man trying to play both sides of the culture war that *is* going on.  I wish he and everyone else who isn't fully "progressive" minded would just have the integrity and stones to take the right side in all this and be willing to call out this sort of "progressive" bullshit for what it really is.
Drake....where is shady sands?
Well well well look at that. Dressing in Freemason symbolism saying that a show with Masonic symbolism is good. Vault 33 like the 33 degrees of Masonry, blue and yellow uniform like the insignia of Masonry and the main character Lucy as in reference to Lilith or Lucifer the fallen angel that Masons worship
This is like the only W Bethesda has had in a decade
There definitely was a laser gun (rifle or pistol, not sure) or two. Moldaver is seen with one during the attack in the last episode. I don’t think we ever see it get fired tho
1:05 was a little loud for headphone users, but great video man!
No.
As a fallout fan im absolutely thrilled  As a halo fan im in straight denial and pain
Okay, I'm confused, is the show good or bad, cause one YouTuber says it's good, then another says it's bad, can someone please help me and tell me if it's good.
I wanna see a scene where shes bieng told about the mojave and how a courioir single handedly took out the soy boys roman empire
The ghoul is my favorite character hes so badass
I actually watched all 8 episodes today and now watching this. I've played every game but never pay attention to "lore" or storyline in games, im just playing for fun. Honestly the show didn't hit with me, just mediocre, wife has never played the games and she only fot through half an episode and left the room.   If they had gone into the lore more then i think it would appeal to a much wider audience
My only complaint was no Laser Guns.
I actually am convinced that maximus has the idiot savant perk considering how dumb he is
This show made me decide you know what let's go back for some more Fallout runs. So I reinstalled Fallout 3 and restarted Fallout 3 + 4 and I'm still messing around with my current New Vegas run
Jonathan Nolan also created Person of Interest, which is one of the greatest TV shows of all time. If anyone's looking for a show to watch, I'd highly recommend it.
As a Halo fan, it's bittersweet when Fallout gets a faithful adaptation and Halo becomes a joke.
This show is so good and I want more. I've already watched it three times T0T
Only 21,000 views in 40 minutes The Act Man really fell off 😢
I started playing fallout 3 and found so many greate refrences in the show
Mid
You damn shill.
Its one of the best video game adaptations. The Maximus character & story was not good tho. Overall it got more right than it got Wrong. 7/10
There are some glaring plotholes created in the timeline by the show but somehow Amazon managed to pull off a miracle and created a good Fallout show and not another hot turd like Rings of Power. I hope to see the Courier in the 2nd season still working with Mr house in New Vegas.
Is there issues? Yea, without a doubt. However, I’m not looking for a perfect show, I’m looking for a show that does a good job adapting the video game and man it does a good job at that.  The show made me interested in playing New Vegas again, which it on its own is probably the best compliment I could give any show based on a series
I found the show very mid, like SW TFA, it wears its fallout paint well but given time that paint will peel and reveal a rusty pile, like SW TFA.
this is all halo had to do to be good. its really not that hard
It's taken nearly 3 decades, but I think show runners have finally figured out how to adapt videogames. Simply treating the ideas with respect and trusting that the ridiculous aspects of games are essential to the series and not something to be removed or remixed. They could have gone full action comedy, or super realistic, they could have changed the tech, all of the factions, the designs, and made it into something unrecognizable to fans.
The story and characters are great but what I really appreciate is the show recognizing this series is based on a game by cleverly integrating mechanics like perks to introduce characters.
Bethesda fans seeing NV fans screaming retcon : "War, war never changes."
Definitely way better than I thought it was going to be. Ngl, those early previews didn't have me expecting much but the actually show is surprisingly good, really captures the spirit of the universe.
It seems this first season has delved more into the people of the wastes with just a hint of the creatures. Hopefully, season 2 will delve more into the creatures. Yeah, we have ghouls, and there was a hint of a super mutant, but I want season 2 to really show them off. Super mutants, packs of feral ghouls, deathclaws
i think its funny that this show is so successful that suddenly """those""" youtubers overlooked the tremendous diversity, women's empowerment, clear criticism of capitalism and other "woke" stuff that they would have blasted every other show for doing lmao. they spent months attacking this show for being woke, but now that its out and a huge success not a peep about all of the inclusivity and diversity (or as they call it THE MESSAGE)
I dare say this was better than The Last of Us. Reason for that is that this was an original story set in the FO world. TLOU was a very dedicated adaptation, but if you played the game it was very predictable.
Idk those cores last forever that doesn't follow game lore
FO3 was my first Fallout game. And the show got me playing again
I went into this show with very low expectations, I left happy.
Idk Angry Joe said it was mid...  JK IDGAF what Angry Joe says. Show is sick.
It’s GOOD, but NOT “unbelievably” good.
the "act clan" ! gad dayum what a name
I love how Ella Purnell and Walton Goggins had two opposite approaches to their roles.  Ella thought it important to play the games to get familiar with the source material so they can be consistent with it, and Walton thought he had to actively avoid playing the games so there could be someone on set who could give a perspective of a casual viewer unfamiliar with the source material.
there where laser weapons in the show but sadly didnt see one fire
Where is the "Why PayDay 3 is horrible" video?
I just realized something: (Spoilers for Fallout in general below)       Fallout 1: The Vault Dweller saves a Newly established NCR Fallout 2: The Chosen One saves the NCR during it's main war with the Enclave Fallout TV Show: Hank destroys the capital of the NCR, and Lucy helps deliver infinite power to what's left of the NCR  The Vaults really had a lot of influence over the NCR
The Ghoul absolutely has the bloody mess perk.
still waiting for the fallout 4 video acting male
Dont agree at all but happy some people enjoyed it.
There's a Lazer rifle In episode 2 at the enclave one of the soldiers is holding it
Act man back with a banger
No. It's not. Your standards are below low.
I loved watching though the show and can’t wait for a second season. After watching it I’ve already started a new play through on 4 and new Vegas
can you please do one of halo s2? I know you'll probably demolish it but I think it's getting way more hate than it shuold and hopefully having a real critical video of that cuold lead to some (helathy?) discussion. I for once really enjoyed and think is way more enjoable than before and worth whatching, still I don't regard every halo game as the pinnacle of story and lore (and gameplay). (looking at 4 and 5)
ALL those dead rising soundtrack in the background. Maybe they First game deserves a vídeo?
It's a good show; that said, Fallout fans with deep knowledge of the existing lore would do well to approach it from the point-of-view that it's _a_ Fallout timeline, not _the_ Fallout timeline. Without spoiling, it does have some deviations from the game franchise's lore -- some subtle, some not-so-subtle. Taken as its own (closely related) canon, however, it's pretty good.
I think The Last of Us did a better job of bringing in a broader audience. My wife and I watched that together and my wife played the game after. Fallout however requires a small bit of knowledge to truly appreciate it
it shits on the halo and avatar shows
When I first heard that Fallout was getting a live-action adaptation, I was thinking "oh naw not again"           After starting the first episode, I watched through the whole season and was waiting for the moment where they would fuck it all up, but they didn't. I'm pleasantly surprised.
Thank you being so kind help me and these people to help to better understand you God amen
12:44
Oh boy, I cant wait for Actman to shit on the Borderlands Movie after this review :D
Welp, guess it's time to replay 4 and New Vegas for the millionth time 🤠🤠
Patrolling the mojave almost makes you wish the Act Man did a why is Fallout New Vegas a masterpiece... wait
Alright, you sold me. I'll watch it.
👍🏼
The show is amazing, and I heard that the lore confusion has been fixed and explained, so that good. Great show.
I cannot agree more!
Ready to dump another 200 hours into New Vegas after watching the series twice
They cooked so hard, whipping up gourmet.
"reminds people what they love about fallout" So Obsidian.
I'm sorry but I can't forgive what they did to the NCR. It's just a disgrace.
take notes paramount
had me playing Fallout 3 last night and wanting to give the turned based 1&2 a go. only downside was some plot holes that messes with Fallout 4 and New Vegas
There was a moment when she went from saying "fudge" to "fuck" going from innocent vault dweller to badass wastelander and what led her to her to that breaking point was absolutely crazy
Im still deeply saddened by Shady Sands destruction and even more, the empty vegas...
Man, I really hope this opens the gate for a good BioShock adaptation
They actually didn't retcon or plot hole anything people are just misinterpreting the information that was presented because of the vague nature of how it was presented
Walton Goggins was incredible! And the fact he did it because his son was a fan is even cooler
First time seeing Coop in 2nd episode give me chills as I understood that HE IS HIM HE IS THE MYSTERY MAN that comes and leaves no-one alive
Finally someone with the brains and heart reviews the series... Unlike a certain synthetic person.
Honestly I'm not a big fan of Bethesda games but I watched the show and it made me want to go try to play fallout again
meh it was alright
I liked the NCR Ranger fake out of that old guy and his son. Though it really makes me want to see some REAL NCR Rangers in the next season
I wish women would say “okidoki” when I just take off my clothes in front of them without warning
Fallout series is probably my favorite thing based on a videogame but why everyone is forgetting about the Castlevania series that is actually also great.
Are you people serious ? Jesus Christ
The show it self is good and bad. It’s good for new people that’s getting into fallout and it’s terrible for the fallout fans
Of course, the lead character is a woman. Woke Hollywood strikes again!
I was expecting this show to be bad but it turns out to be pretty great and awesome my Bois!
My dad has never reallly played much fallout. Just not his style of gamel  Watched the show started a New Vagus play through
Asians work for vaultec/government/hollywood even though a single rumor of being a communist will at least get you fired and the chinese are known for spying and stealth suits. Hank let in the raider's leader pretending to be Vault 32 overseer, even though he knew her, she's friends with his wife, only Vault 31 can be overseers, he knew about the blight 2 years ago, and he's only trading seeds now. Pipboys only detected radiation when convenient and didn't detect the invading raiders. Moldaver knew about the experiments but she killed the vault dwellers. The overzealous BoS believed the story of a squire that stole from them, took out their knight and gave them a false head. The ghoul knows about the weakness of the the T60 armor but he and Max had a dance sequence. "Retcons and lore-consistency" are not its only problem.
I don’t care how good it is, they blew up the best faction
Im currently watching the show so far so good
Egg
The sheer disrespect this show has towards Fallout New Vegas, fallout 1 and fallout 2 due to Bethesda's copious amounts of seething and malding about them makaes me ignore the good things about the show for long enough to pirate the whole thing
Man. The Last of Us, Cyberpunk, League of Legends, Castlevania, and now Fallout all have great tv adaptations. I hope Halo is next!
Potential. ;-;7
I was skeptical about this one myself, but after episode one, that feeling was LONG GONE! So good. Looking forward to season 2!
That’s good it won’t be called failout then
Awesome ❤
As someone who always knew about fallout and liked the concept this show has convinced me to try out the games and become a fan.
Not mention "Fall of Shady Sands" bullshit and many others retcons and just bad desicions in this show is kinda dissapointing. Looking like one sided fan sheering for the show, that showing remnants of "NCR" as some poor raiders, BoS as some pussies that running from Yao Guai and dying from 1 ghoul and Vault dwellers (in the Vault, that was pretty close to control Vault) as brainwashed lunatics with 0 social skills. All factions was shown as they never was and not even entended to be.
Damn, I kinda want to rewatch it again
I miss the NCR ranger constantly begging you for a fallout new vegas review. Thank you for blessing my feed Mr.Act Man Sir
I just need to know if ill see a deathclaw edit: actually dont tell me
Show went so hard that fucking 76 received a resurgence now. Like it’s an insane thing to witness it though I heard it is better now.
For the people who are sensitive about this: spoliers in this comment                                   So, anyhow. I freaking adored the part where Lucy held up the NCR flag. I just love the NCR, so incredibly much, I just can't explain it. And the music that went with it, I think I almost had a heart attack.
Ah yes The anti-Halo of shows  I was saving myself the last episode of the first season for a day off I'll be back here once i watch it
We still need those new Vegas dlc reviews act man
Oh if only halo was so much beterrr 😩, if only I directed it
My parents were watching the show and they understood nothing mostly and I had to put on my nerd glasses to fill the missing pieces lol
as a halo fan i stand with the Act man in saying im jelly af
Show is average.
0/10 not enough DEI
We won't go quietly, the Critics can count on it!
100% agree this show was such a breath of fresh air for gaming fans wanting to see their amazing gaming worlds on the big screen, even recommended this to my parents with how good it is.
Crazy what happens when a video game adaptation respects the source material…. Looking at you Master Cheeks.
Amazon is truly displaying that they wanna make money. They fixed invincible for season 2 and really listened to they knew they messed up with rings of power and it’s clear they know that the best way to make money and get attention is make good shit so. Hats off to them. Easy tie with cyberpunk edge runners for best video game show
So this is happened while the sole survivor is still cryogenic sleep
I feel like some people are being too soft on the show or just aren't analyzing the show very deeply. Don't get me wrong, it's by no means bad. It's worth watching. But there are some really stupid plot holes and inconsistencies once you take a moment to reflect on the order of events and your assumptions on how certain events occurred but with further knowledge you know they could not have (Like the cleaning of the vault overnight).
I'm just waiting in the comments section for that one wanderer of the mojave desert dude to pop up.
Gripes in writing and timeline oversights aside. They captured the gruesome yet colorful feel of the wasteland, and Lucy doesn't feel like she came out of the Vault kitted with Console commands, she develops into a hardened character that befits the wastelands. But nothing can be anymore Fallout than the Ghoul. I swear, The Ghoul is like that one NPC that's just so likable.
It’s good to know that the franchise can rise back from being shot in the head and left for dead by 76
It's real good. But the plot holes were kinda annoying.
The show was good. I ended up liking the Vault 33 plot over the main dad hunting plot.
I'm surprised, shocked, and am in Disbelief still...
I binged Fallout and when I finished I wanted to rewatch it immediately. Watching that show I felt like I was looking at the game.
My favorite side character is that guy that tries to sell things and actually heals Thadius destroyed foot.
Dayum......running out of smokes again.  -random powder gang members
Honestly it's better than the Last of Us adaptation, and I didn't think that was possible.
Ring-a-ding-ding baby!
This might be a hot take, but I honestly think this adaptation is better than the Last of Us TV show.
Now to see if the Borderlands movie will be able to pull this praise outta folk too.
Wouldn't be Fallout without some mistakes! (bugs)
I showed my mom the show and even though she’s not a gamer she says it’s still good television
It really doesn’t mess up the lore either. It just makes a few things in New Vegas slightly less believable but it’s not like it completely breaks lore. The people freaking out over this need to honestly get a grip. The show is absolutely fantastic and I say that as a HUGE fallout fan.
I thought it was a great adaptation. Its not a masterpiece, but it doesn't need to be. Its faithful to its source material and embraces the challenge that comes with adapting a game, like stimpacks just working and the like. It doesn't need explaining, its a game mechanic, it fixes you. Its a hoot id recommend it if you want entertaining. Especially if youve enjoyed the games
I disagree. The acting and script are pretty bad/forced. The story is okay at best. The only interesting part of the show is the Lore of Vault 31, 32, and 33.
Spoiler... . . . . . . . . The "Thou shalt get sidetracked by bullshit every god damn time." is my favourite quote of the series. Followed closely by "Okey dokey!"
Since you asked about it, I think the only energy weapon was a laser rifle held by one of the Enclave guards, but it was not shown in use
My only real issue is with Moldaver. It wasn’t made clear how she got from pre-war times to the era of the show. (She clearly wasn’t part of vault 31 considering she was conspiring against vault tec pre war), and they also didn’t clarify if she was leading a raider sect, the remnants of the area’s NCR chapter, or some combo of both. I hope those details get ironed out in season 2 because they’re really bugging me
i never play fallout game... and i watch the this tv show.. i like it. but still i do not want to play the game.
Avid fan, loved the series,  felt brutal gritty a bit funny a touch wholesome yet SO freaking on point. Its curious how some shows are winning out EVEN WITH some things people would disagree with, because its not.. THROWN in our face? but it was also not toned down and something  a GROWN UP human can watch without blinkers on it... YES it had more easter eggs than the holiday but it was a "omg" rather than a "member this" moment. I REALLY wonder where they'll go with season II... o_o
That's what happens when writers approach the source material with respect
Another person who LIKES Fallout, but doesn't actually care about it. If you cared about Fallout, you'd care about the lore, but you don't. You don't care about the lore. You don't care about the tone, and how that's shifted to become goofier. You don't care. I'm sick of people who don't care telling me this show is GREAT and is so very "aCcuRaTE tO ThE sOUrCe mAteRiaL" which Bethesda has been ruining for 16 years now. It's not good, not if you actually care about Fallout.
im hoping for an enclave appearance
I was shocked to discover Rico from Hannah montana survived the nuclear apocalypse
Yo I'm so glad you pointed out when she held the flag and the theme played. That hit me so hard and I just got so happy
Damn, I was waiting to see this, thank you ActingMale 😂.
This show is as you say, simply a good show that revolves around its source material and even explains more that was mysterious about the overall story to start with.  Hardcore fallout fans and the general audience can all enjoy everything about it.
Make sure you text the number that was in the commercial for vault tec
the brotherhood of steel them is BADASS
It might not be as good or as well made as Arcane or Last Of Us, but it’s definitely been worth a watch.
Ella Purnell is also the voice actor for Jinx in arcane, she's the goat
Ron Perlman also voiced Slade in Teen Titans. His voice was so smooth yet menacing
But it's not...  costume and set design are pretty decent...but the story is straight up dog shit and literally breaks the lore as soon as it starts. Plus, the inconsistencies in the story borders on the ridiculous. Why could lucy pick up rads from across the room when putting on her pipboy yet nobodies went off during the wedding? Also, how tf does she even know about raiders if she's under the impression that NOBODY HAS LEFT THE VAULT? As someone who grew up with the original fallouts I feel like this show is a waste of potential.
im sort of disappointed in the show simply because i would have enjoyed a more serious show. Still i suppose its nice to see fallout get more recognition.
I like your jacket
Norm lowkey bout to shake up show in S2
Does this Trolley go to Tahiti?
I loved the show too, waiting for season 2 will be brutal 😭😭
The performance that Moisés Arias gave as Norm was exceptional! I haven't read much praise for his on-screen presence, but I really appreciated how the "less is more" approach sold his reactions.
No Ron Pearlman, 0/10  Kidding, it was a pretty good watch overall. Im saddened by the loss of the NCR, and vault 4 was... weird, but overall it gave a damn good view of the world post bomb AND pre bomb. Kinda wish we did get a bit more of Lucy and Maximus alone though.
I'm in the middle when it comes to Fallout. It's good enough for what it is but I don't think it's amazing. The writing is definitely on par with Bethesda's work and I say that as a compliment as well as an insult. Cooper/The Ghoul is by far the best character in the show and if it was only about him it would be amazing. Get rid of Maximus/BOS and the cringey "humor" and season two could be one of the best shows out there. Which isn't saying much I guess lol.
This might be a better adaptation than the last of us in my opinion and the last of us was awesome.
Actman just wanted another opportunity to bust out his checkered suit jacket 😂
Never cud get into the games and felt somewhat jealous of how passionate ppl were for it. I am a gamer btw but I’m so glad I feel somewhat the same as those fallout gamers now cuz I’m so into the show . I feel I understand now
did a subconcious salute when the ncr/fallout theme played
I guess Shady Sands finally got that Nuclear Winter they kept patrolling the Mojave for
One Thing I thought about the Show (wich someone else also posted on Reddit) was that Maximus´s Chapter of the BoS has a lot of people with Latin Names and the Flags at their Airstrip-HQ where Yellow on Red made me think that they might fused with some Remnants of the Legion (wich falls apart after Caesars Death) wich is also why the Elder at the End wishes to split and "make a new Brotherhood". my Guess is that he is an old Legionaire who basically wants to revive the very same
Season 2 better start with a Ron Perlman recap
the music in this video makes me wanna yell LENNAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
This show seems cool as hell, this once I'll head the spoiler warning.
I was keeping an eye out for energy weapons too but I noticed Moldaver had a laser pistol last episode. Shame we didn't get to see her shoot it though. Save the expensive really cool special effects for season 2 just as you said.
I have never played fallout, never been interested in the lore. I watched this show and now i think i am a fallout fan! cant wait to play the games! ( Halo, this is what you shoud have been)
I just be honest one of the only real complaints was that vault tech started the war, I honestly thought that was so stupid I mean vault tech is owned by the US government, why would the government bomb itself to conduct human experiments when they can just grab people off the street without anyone noticing , also it’s all ready been established that china dropped the bombs first, you meet a submarine captain in 4 and says they fired first plus china is the one who started the resources wars in the first place but other wise the show is fine
1 (somewhat) Easter egg I love is when the BOS scribe is talking to the radio guy and if you listen to the music he’s playing, it’s one of the songs you can hear when listening to the Minutemen radio in Fallout 4.
The Fallout TV Show is > The Last of Us TV Show.
Patrolling Zeta Halo almost makes me wish for a corporate buyout of the Halo IP...
Well, if you like, woke propaganda, then I can see why you might like this woke trash
Hey as long as the NCR didn't get New Republiced I'm game
9:17 - I don't know if anyone has said this, but you do see someone holding a laser rifle in episode 2 at 1:32. That's the only time I spotted one
I’m gonna watch the show and then come back to the video
I have a friend who like the halo show
Inb4 Synthetic Man and HvB fanboys start sperging out about Act Man being a “shill” or “sellout”
yeah this show is no halo xD
No way people actually think this shit is good😂
The woke man, eh?
Kind of disappointed that the fan favourite character, John Fallout, didn’t have a role in this show. 2/10.
I was really worried this show was going to turn out awful, genuinely happy to see how positively it’s been received
Its crazy how they put a few references and easter eggs in the show that were in the game, its definitely an adaptation done right.
Well then, if Penguinz0 and Act Man say it's good, then it's a must watch.  I'll be checking this out with my buddy later
never played a fallout game, might watch this show. thanks for the no spoiler review
I feel like I'm experience the alternative universe rn. I never expected this show to be THIS GOOD
The Red Dead 2 soul has already imbedded into your mind. I could recognize that pianist in the bar if I was deaf, song living rent free in my mind.
I feel that they treated the lore with love and appreciation. It’s clear the people working on this were fans.  SPOILERS BELOW    I personally am shocked and excited by the amount of emphasis placed on New Vegas at the end. I respect Bethesda for letting the game not developed by them have such a massive spotlight. House’s comment to the Sierra Madre guy representing Big MT was perfect. Some people are nervous about them having to make an ending canon, or at least eliminate options based on if House lives, but we will unfortunately never get a sequel, so I’m excited to see where they take it. Everyone is upset about Shady Sands, but I think the timeline leaves the year ambiguous when the nuke happened. It doesn’t negate NV. And vault tec dropping the bomb was implied as a possible interest , but not confirmed. The only true retcon was the ghoul juice. Ghouls have survived hundreds of years without going feral before. Shady Sands and the NCR, it’s sad, but nations rise and fall, because that’s war… and war never changes. The NCR can return, just like Enclave does after it’s destruction. It is an idea. Ideas never die. The only thing I didn’t enjoy about the show was how extremely forced the romance angle felt. Extreme props to the writing, acting, theming and design. Everything was on point! Also the brotherhood is always portrayed differently, so I give them freedom with that. They did fine there.
The NCR flag scene is really giving me goosebumps!
the guy who had big MT in front of him is fredrick Sinclair the guy who build the Sierra madre casino from dead money dlc that's why house says he can lose money on a casino because he built it for his girlfriend and him to survive the war
Alright I’ve been holding it in where’s the red dead review BOAH
Minus the them/they confused person its good
Halo tv series just wanna make people don’t wanna play halo like fallout cyberpunk and last of us make people wanna play more
I swear I thought the chicken guy was TKS-Mantis
fallout show was kino, maybe even quinoa
OMG I just realised that overseer used normal glasses for a centered one eye, lol!
sorry im half way in, i gotta say the most memorable scene to me is when Maximus get interrogated and the knight in power armor is behind him (i think is already Titus right?) and you can feel that he can just pop his head at any moment, it was sooo good.
Patrolling the Mojave almost makes you wish for Act man to make a Fallout NV DLC video
It’s probably the best video game adaptation thus far and the closest is probably arcane, last of us or castlevania
I loved the show and I loved this video. Thank you Act Man. 👍🏽
I'm not gonna lie, this bugs me so so so much and it's just a nitpick with this video. The reflection of the computer screen in your glasses made reading your eyes downright impossible, which is HILARIOUS juxtaposition with how well done the actors emote without speaking.
I Loved this Show!
For anyone worried about that New Vegas isn't canon which was reading and viewing comprehension moment, lord Todd confirmed it's Still Canon
When you see the scientist for the first time you do see a guard holding a laser rifle. Never seen one fired though i believe
Fallout 3 is my favorite game of all time and has been since I first played it in 08, I loved it enough to get physical copies of 1 and 2 to play back then, in the wait for NV (back when you could still pick up the Fo1 and 2 box set in the PC game section at walmart for like 10$). I absoluteky love this series to death and I can't stress how happy this show has made me, its checking off every box for me, been watching it with my dad and im having sucj a hard time not gawking or technobable explaining shit about the lore of the world while we watch....it just gets me so hyped to see finally happen 😍
This show actually convinced my boyfriend to play the game!! I’m so excited for him
Watching the Fallout tv show makes me wish for The Act Man to review Fallout 3 & 4, sense he reviewed New Vegas.
8/10. 9 if it had a single deathclaw. 10/10 if supermutants
Well hey thank god it's good
Missed an opportunity to say "Whats up everybody, the VATs Man here"
Damit Actman the reflection on your glasses was a big distraction for me... Otherwise, adore all your content 😊
When I heard fallout was getting a show I was kind of worried for a myriad out of reasons But from seeing the show I'm glad I can put them to rest at least most of them some I'm still worried about But I fucking love this show I might not be able to get it to the gameplay side of fallout But I can get into everything else about Fallout Including show up until they reckon it in the second season I hope they don't reckon it
I haven’t fished the show yet since I’m waiting to watch the last two episodes with my brother but I gonna watch this
*The true is, Fallout was good from the start* 👌 😌
Welp, looks like this show not being trash is now the official opinion. RIP Fallout
When the show was announced my main thought was "please, just be good" and I must say it surpassed my expectations.
This show was such a breath of fresh air that translating a video game into other medias can be done so well when its run by people who care. The best part of it all is that its not just redoing a game. We're getting new lore and story IN the universe and its just wonderful. Made me replay through vegas once again so i'll be seeing you all in 100+ hours.
Perfect show and review!
good video man :)
1k views in 15 mins, u fell off actmeister
The show has an emaculate vibe, everything you hear or see is so fallout.  Remember the Ghoul golden rule.   Thou shall get sidetracked by bullshit every goddamn time.
Bought Fallout 4 last month or two before the TV series dropped. Then the TV show happened.  This a sign?
Can t wait for the Institute . I hope season 3 has a story with it
Does anybody know if the Elvis cult or “gang” is in the show? That would be funny to add
Of course it turned out good. They literary cast Jinx in a show where the world was blown up.
the crazy thing is fallout had to be great, if they did a bad job it could have killed video game adaptation in movies again. im glad its a gem and cant wait for the new Vegas story line
I didnt care for it. Huge fallout 4 and new vegas fan.
We need a Red Dead Redemption live action adaptation already. It’s beyond time
I never played the games but the show was awesome. a solid 8.
It’s fine.  Episodes 1 and 2 could have been condenced. As a non Fallout player, I’m finding the vault story way more engaging than topside. I think I’m over post apocalyptic trappings
You should bust out the checkered suit jacked more often, looks good on you
I was so surprised they didn't fuck it up!!
People are upset about them "changing the canon" to show that Vault Tec dropped the bombs. All they showed was that they were willing to do so or influence the outcome in the name of capitalism. Just because the bomb in Megaton has a Vault Tec logo on it doesn't mean they dropped it
this is the worst take the act man has had in a while. bro kinda fell off
The final fight had a laser gun
The main thing I love about the show is how dangerous they make the wasteland feel for the average man. In games like NV and 4 when you have weapons like the Mini Nuke, Vats and 1,000 stimpaks it’s hard to remember that this is an incredibly dangerous world. In the show however they show us that even 2 fiends can pose a threat through deceit. Raiders can be intelligent and manipulative through their attack on the vault and even 1 Yaot Ja is able to completely manhandle a knight in Power Armour. I love how they showed us how dangerous the wasteland can be for the common survivor who isn’t the protagonist
Sony and Fallout fans are eating while halo are literally starving.
its ok
God just give me a good assassins creed show
9:15 there is a laser pistol carried by Moldaver, but we don’t get to see her use it.
Unless you like Fallout history and lore
pls mr act man will you bless us with a new vegas dlc video? i will never stop asking, distant relative to ncr-trooper.
Exploring the backyard battleground really makes u want the act man to review plant vs zombies garden warfare 2
the show was really good but the later episodes were meh until the season finale
between Arcane, Edgerunners and Fallout specifically, i'm gonna say the common denominator is telling stories in the game's setting has a better batting average than directly adapting the game's plots
Minus the Magical N. What about the MESSAGE aka  ESG- DIE Agenda in it?
Say what you want about Maximus, but at least he keeps his helmet on when wearing the suit.
Well this is refreshing to hear. I was hesitant to watch this show in the event that it became just another Halo. I'll go give it a watch,
Now this was the review I was waiting for. Thank you for the great content as always Act Man!
Love your content Actman, was wondering if you working on assassins creed rise and fall or Age of Mythology was awesome. Also your helldivers content was amazing
That helldivers earrape got me good lmao
I saw a review that was the complete opposite of this, however they didn't believe vault tech was the bad guys, that is so heavily applied  that it is astounding.
Just finished the finale an hour ago, absolutely fantastic show. I just hope other big companies realize how much profit they can make off of a video game property when they bring in people who actually understand the franchise and do it right.
Im halfway through episode 4 and so far the show is amazing!! See paramount, thats how you do a video game show
I hope we someday get a Halo Show.  Imagine a show that respects the lore, uses the music, engages with the original IP and brings it to new heights.
I loved Lucy so much man.
Bla Blaa BLAA.... WHEN "Why RDR2 IS MOST EPIC GAME" ?!? >:(
Although I despise the writers for making the ncr reduced to a weird sex cult raider faction (the stuff in vault 4 was just weird sexual filler)  I still thoroughly enjoyed the show and I am excited for season 2, I hope they do new vegas justice
Love this show, but I have heard people getting angry about a conflict it creates the the new Vegas canon? Can anybody clarify
I absolutely enjoyed the Fallout series. I'm hoping they can put out a second season SOON, like next year soon. I am beyond excited to be revisiting The Strip and see what ending Bethesda finally lands on from New Vegas. I kinda hated to see how far the NCR had fallen, but New Vegas kind of left that open to happen.  There's so many questions I am hoping they can answer, since we are probably years away from a stand alone fallout game
The show really captures the tone of the games. Kind of goofy but also gorey and dark at times. I think that's why it succeeds while other video games to live action adaptations fail.
Creetosis where ya at? 👀
Thank you act man me and my fiancé are currently going through some stuff right now and watching your videos has made me smile for the first time in a couple days
I love the Fallout show and so happy it turned it reall good and  glad people are watching and liking the tv show and are now going to go play the games. I bought fallout 4 and excited to play, enjoyed fallout NV too. Love your content and reviews Act man.
3:48 Consoooomer detected
Literally just finished re-watching your New Vegas video and now see this perfectly timed upload, LET'S GOOOOO!!!
Woke bs
“Adaptions”? Dude is make words up 😂
Patrolling the Mojave made me happy that Walton Goggins is finally getting the recognition he deserves!
They'll hit you later with the poorness.
Just finished a show today and holy shit was I surprised
The show isn't that good, calm down.
now i need to get amazon tv
The dude who plays Maximus is not very good. He has 1 facial expression the entire show...
One of the things fans will love about this show is the little things that you recognize from the games, They really paid attention
#TheActMan - WRONG you aren't noticing that ALL men in this series are either 1) Incompetent or 2) Evil --- Also... the protagonist girl IS THE KEY TO EVERYTHING. - Want to see the show again? -
The controversy this show has received has been unbelievable. All it does is discredit serious criticism of actually troubled shows.  It's not perfect, but when a basic misinterpretation takes over the conversation, that's just sad.
back on  my feed over a year...nothing then...
Yip yap review fallout 4 act bronie
😯😯🙂🙂
Cap 🧢
I bet the main reason you made this video was to use that tuxedo again
Walton Goggins fits so well in the Fallout universe, He's comedy is perfect
Imagine if a studio like Larian made a fallout game.  I need a new fallout that won t come out in 20 years while being outdated by 15 years
i feel crazy because I was actually excited when it was announced, but I'm halfway through now and it just feels really mid and not very fallout-y
Isn’t it crazy that most of the people with power armor never took off their helmets especially in combat???? So weird how they didn’t want to get shot in the face. This proves how much of a failure the halo tv show was. Especially with how successful a more faithful adaptation can be, even when they took some creative liber-tea.
Seems the automatons won in this universe….
Breaking News: Fallout New Vegas is officially canon in the show confirmed by Todd Howard himself. As a non fallout player that sounds really cool since it seems they’ll be exploring it in the next season. Gives me a good reason to go play it in preparation.
There was just an interview today where Todd Howard cleared up some of the lore confusion and confirmed that everything in the show including the shady sands destruction happened after New Vegas
I like how the 3 protagonists and a lot of the story-beats are classic Fallout:  Lucy, the naive vault dweller who's in the wastes for the first time, looking for her dad (a la Fallout 3) Maximus who probably joined the BoS because he thought Power Armor was cool (lol) The Ghoul who is already experienced in the wasteland,  and has unique motivations (a la New Vegas). And MY FAVORITE: Norm (Lucy's brother) finding out the history and true reason behind his vault.
patrolling the Mojave almost makes me wish for a nuclear winter
I never played Fallout but I was rooting for Lucy hard 😂she was awesome
It's good but not perfect, still has some inconsistency and plot holes towards the Fallout Lore. Kinda mad they made New Vegas non canon even though it's a fan favorite in the franchise.
I loved the show, sure the CGI has some shortcomings, but the practical effects and environment are perfect! I had so low hopes because of Halo, but the show really exceeded expectations, and the Ghoul is probably the best thing in the series.
Gotta see Creetosis make an appearance in “worst fallout show hot takes”
I am disappointed in the impact on the NCR
I'm so glad people loved it and at the same time I am blown away by the mountain of hot takes I see on YouTube and reddit. Some people really are hating just for the sake of it.
I bought fallout 4 a few months ago and only played like and hour, should I re-give it a try?
I’ve been recommending this show to everyone I know. It’s such an amazing story
I think it was better than expected but I hated the canon changes. How they made the communists look like the reasonable people. How they turned the NCR into just an after thought. The Brotherhood being a weird(er) kind of cult.   ESPECIALLY the end. The canon reason for the bombs dropped was changed and it was not a high note. Like if Game of Thrones dumped out all of their good will in the first season and not the 8th.
That's unbelievably embarassing
It poops on the West Coast lore :(
This Act Man video is Unbelievably GOOD?!
tbh i lost hope in fallout show when it was firts annoucned but now that i have seen it i honestly love the show
👍🏾
Shout out to Walton Goggins too. Underrated actor imo, even when he did really well in the tarantino movies
ActHombre, I love your content! Keep it goin´!!...
YES YEEESSSSSSSS
Oh if only Paul was here for this
LETS GOOOOO
it was one of the better true to source video game adaptions
Hot damn I'm early.
18 views type shit
This series shows that you don't need to be 100% faithful to the lore to be 100% faithful to the spirit
Fallout 76 spin off PLEASEE, because I only have 2 months to live so PLEASEE can I have fallout 76 and I’m also 5 years old so PLEASEEEE
👍🏾
I wish I could say I agree, but I’m afraid this show was just not for me. Far too much in terms of canon broken, doesn’t take much looking to see what I mean. I just wish the show took itself more seriously like Fallout 1, 2, & New Vegas did. Oh wait, I guess New Vegas isn’t exactly entirely canon anymore is it? **Sigh**
Yeah Fallout is supringly good considering how bad movies/tv shows based on games are
The only thing the show is missing is a Ron Perlman intro
Last 💪
I finished yesterday let’s gooo!
You haven't thought about the show have you? "Don't think about it, just consume product"
Only negative comment about the show i have is they didn't get the "50's in the future" aesthetic quite right
Best video game adaptation and I’m not even kidding
Looking forward to “Why Red Dead Redemption 2 is so awesome”
The fallout show did not disappoint me. In faxt other than a few lines they did most things right. Please let this be the future of fames adaptations.
You telling me Jimmy Rings showed his face in episode 1 and it didn't just CAPTIVATE AUDIENCES???   *GASPS IN CEO*
You better not be distracted from the red dead review
Neat.
GOOD?! You mean…AWESOME?!
Better than the halo show for sure
I love the vids
This looks interesting
I see a lot of people saying this is super woke. I'm as sensitive to that BS as anyone else and I'm just not seeing it at all in this show. Turned out WAY better than I would have expected
i say it surpassed my expectations, because i had *none*
Noice
Oh boy, this is gonna be good
Oxhorn has the better opinion tbh
Hmm yes more I need more
0 views in 10 seconds?! Actman fell off
I’m so happy that this show is getting the praise it deserves, because so many people in the community were hating on it before it even came out
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one!
Rip OJ
Didn't know it was out. Can't wait to see it.
Less than 20 seconds in and I hear edge lmao💀
The Act Father provides again 💯💯
The fact that Halo didn't get a good adaptation while Fallout did is a tragedy, though it is very pleasing that it turned out excellent
no
Poor Halo…..
Nice suit dude
im sad this video is not named "Fallout did not Fallout"
Might check it out sometime
How much did they sponsor you for you to say it’s so good lol
too bad the brotherhood became more of a cult in the show
No. No it isn't.
Errmm what the beta?
The Fallout Show has released and it is WAY better than anyone expected it to be! Who would have thought staying true to the source material could work out so well for a television adaption?? Anyways, here is why I loved the show!  COME JOIN THE ACT CLAN DISCORD SERVER ➤ https://discord.gg/actman
First here Act Man
Whaat!!!!!!!???
Is it?
Fallout new vegas man
Hi actman I need a good pc editing software for YouTube can you help me
❤🎉
So many hate this But it’s so good  halo show is best…   ……… …….. …….. The joke is that it’s not
I’ve been waiting for this video!!! Thank you ActMan!!!
it sucks
Act man video banger
Love the vid bro. Edit:first
Ok
wat
True
Yooo
