For me Tilly is the most annoying character.
Trainwreck. Sorry. And Id love to be wrong. I just hope the wider casual viewing audience is made aware that this is nothing to do with skydance. If they make a 3rd season, sure then its on them.
Wow! This is a fantastic breakdown and I am looking forward to January. Well done, Sean Ferrick, well done. 👏
Gosh, not Tilly again please!
Can we please talk about the fact, that there shoul/could be 2 Doctors by exactly that time? Remember "Living Witness" from Voyager Season 4?
So pleased for Gina Yashere, she worked really hard to break the States, and now she’s in Trek, how cool is that.
this is not star trek!!
I'm surprised you never mentioned Holly Hunter except for one voiceover, but didn't attribute it to her.
I can't believe that Luckenbill is fucking alive, that's absolutely bananas. I love it.
Why is Wesley Crusher's onesie taking over the Starfleet costume department 😭😭😭
5:40 Mr Mot just cried in his grave.
Don't forget the Federation was splintered in the recent past and lots of planets were on their own.
Dude, the excitement is a little forced in your voice.
I wish Robert picardo would say:   please State the nature of the medical emergency
Looking forward to this new series. Can't wait. It looks like the doctor will be back with a major role. However, I have questions.  Will that be the doctor that arrived with Voyager when they got back home or the copy that was left behind in the episode "Living Witness" who decided to follow the Voyager crew back home after he was able to straighten out the crews history. I would love to find out what happened to that doctor.
yeah nah there lost me on the female Jem'Hadar an and the soap opera stuff.
So robert picardo is at the beginning of this video endorsing the channel so of course trek culture loved the trailer. Dude it looks terrible. No one wanted a 32nd century academy show.
This show is going suck monkey 🐒 NUTS big time!!!
War college!?? What the HELL is this Mickey mouse bullshit***!???
Are you serious!!! Everything since Enterprise has been total crap!!!!!
Didn't Picardo go off the rails and come down with the political sickness and even celebrating Charlie Kirks death?
I mean honestly until I see start trek legacy I am just going to be disappointed with anything they put out.
This my friends is the final nail....RIP Star Trek
No grazie non spero di arrivare a 70 anni, e non ho prosperano 😂😂😂😂 perché la mia epica fa schifo 😅😅😅😅
Star Trek for people that hate Star Trek.
Pure garbage!
Does this happen before or after the Voyager story Living Witness? Is this OG Doctor, or the Vaskan/Kyrian backup copy? Will the two copes meet? Will they resolve the inevitable existential crisis?  Also, more seriously, has NOTHING changes in the time between the TNG era and this time period? Look at how pretty much everything on this planet has changed since the 11th century. In this series, we appear to have species interbreeding in some form, and some superficial advances in technology, yet languages, lettering, clothes, even the education system, seem to have not shifted much from how 20th century Western Earth does things. This looks very Post Voyager, but only 10 or 15 years on. Not the time gap we’re expected to accept.
This looks so bad, it makes chemotherapy seem fun.
So how much were you promised to promote this crap?
Imagine having someone from Edward the Confessors court to teach at an academy today. That’s how ludicrous it is to have Tilly and Reno involved.
so this takes place in the discovery unervers not a actual Star Treck time line. Best new ever.
I do wonder if the War College was the structured learning they had during the Burn, when they couldn't operate a full Academy, so the war college was where officers were trained.
Your really pumped? I can not trust your judgement. I knew you were just shilling. Traitor! Don't you want good Trek again?
this shit looks terrible
A "war college" doesn't necessarily mean they're going to war. It's not even really an indication of something sinister on the horizon. A war college is where officers go to train to be senior officers. It's where they learn about strategy, critical thinking and problem solving. Even diplomacy. Understanding what the ripple effects of their decisions during a confrontation will be on a planetary or galaxy wide scale. When they're out there alone that is something crucial for Captains to understand.
Thank you for being so positive about this series and not judging it before you see it. The hate  online for something they haven't seen yet is sad and illogical. It is very un "Star Trek".
Member when stargate did their 200th episode showing all the bad ideas, this is a literal expression of the teen version of stargate.  "Yo dawg, what 'd you do dat for"  "Dude, that hot  chick was totally a Goa'uld."  "Duh, I was still going to tap that."
Please, please, please let their be crying and whining in this show. Oh someone has to say "Well do this.....together."   Come on dude this looks terrible. Just because picardo gave your channel a shoutout you dont need to shill on this trailer.
Robert Picado is great, of course he is as the medical Hologram in Star Trek but do any of you remember him in "Inner Space" ? So funny.
So sad what has happened to Star Trek. Exploring the universe has devolved to exploring high school feelings.
NOPE no intention of watching this BS
Wow, another pseudo Star Trek, what I'm not going to watch, lol
More DEI Star Trek trash?  Are they really spending money on this?
Why would a Klingon mate with a gem harder?
Transporter haircuts? If the transporter can cut my hair when I beam up, what OTHER parts of my body might it decide to "trim" or do other things to?
I really hope we do see Pelia in Academy ! Even just a small guest part !
Tig Nataro is one of my absolute favorite Star Trek actors, she just cracks me up !
makes you wonder why Starfleet doesn’t have a number of Betazeds as ship captains given their telepath and empath abilities
("🖖🤨-🤔👎!").
Robert Picardo is so charming!!
The US military has a War College where higher-ranking individuals go for advanced studies and skills, so it would make sense for Starfleet to have had one, or at least be having a new one.
looks terrible 🤢🤢🤮🤮
They're trying to force people to go back and watch Discovery.
These are the same folks that brought us Section 31....nuff said.😮
How is the Doctor a thousand years old, when he was started after the time of Pike, and Discovery went 900+ years into the future, not 1000+
I hope the Klingons haven't joined the Federation. I think it's important to show the Federation having alliances that aren't them. Especially an alliances with a culture so different like the Klingons
I was under the impression Gem'Hadar are all sterile, since they are all clones. It'll be interesting to hear how that happened.
Willing to bet if they would offer Donald Glover any role he'd accept it and crush the part. Would have to be a recurring role of course 👍🍻.
No one asked for this. How is Kurtzman still creating this dross
That sounds good.  How is Quark's still a thing?
So Caleb's eating bananas in public? Maybe we got rid of the rigid hetero-normativity again?
How confusing will this show be for people who did not watch Discovery or Picard?    Sandro Rosta & Karim Diane will provide some nice eyecandy.
Show the trailer Less chat This is why I don't watch your poss
Flickering = Comms Holo. Not Sentient Holo.
Not gonna lie, I want one of those red hoodies that we saw in the trailer.
So, this looks like Harry Potter x CW drama for teen girls, with the Trek logo slapped on.
Okay! I’d love to see a Boothby type character added as well.
Give Sean a break on the War College reference. UK vs US military differences and knowledge is understandable
Sorry. Thirty-eight seconds in to the video and I'm distracted by the 40k novels on the shelf behind his head. :)
Sean! I gotta get the jacket! I gotta get the jacket Bro!
War College, is advanced leadership training, not necessarily combat related training.
The closest thing we have seen of Star Trek in recent years is the Orville, all we want is stories built on a per episode basis. And everything we have seen in the last few attempts to reboot startrek is the long story model.. and I fear this is just more of that.  TOS, tng, ds9, voyager, Orville all followed the prior model that was loved by many. Great stories each episode without over thinking it
Who's the target audience for this? The very valuable "tween girls who are fans of 60 year old tv shows" demographic?
"looking for a VPN......." just jumping up in your face was enough for me to stop watching this..
half Klingon, half Jem' hadar... interesting
I’m not sure what to think about this one.
Clearly, you don’t understand the concept or the purpose of the war college.
I find it weird that, per the website, Pike graduated 27 YEARS before Kirk. Maybe with the 09 or original cast I could see that, but not with SNW, and that's the Pike they are using. Naturally.
LOL no, I will not be watching this wokefeast
Im sorry, Ive loved Star Trek from when I was a child and  Generations first came onto the screens in the early 1990's in SA..Voyager, DS9 - Piccard and all the movies since...but not this...Im sorry, if I wanted drama id dust off Twilight or watch the original Charmed...
So "dear white poeple" in space...  Great just great....😅
DoA, this show will make Discovery look like the Godfather.
I love watching Sean and the gang break down Trek for us. As far as this show is concerned I feel it will be another flop for Kurtzman. Skydance will show him the door after this show.
Looks fantastic and quite different from typical ship-based trek. (Yes, I get the 90210 / Fame kinda vibes) ... but it looks SO beautiful. I cannot wait!
Looks fantastic - yes please ❤🖖🏼
Great Video!  All aboard the hype train for Academy 🖖
Hi I’m Commander Sheppard and this is my favourite Chanel on the internet 😅.  Not sure about this one but curiosity will lead me there.
Suddenly Bobbie Picardo being there makes a lot more sense, knowing there is a holographic character. Not that he wouldn't always be welcomed with open arms, but such appearances are better when there is a story behind it, rather than being a gratuitous cameos for the sake of have a gratuitous cameo.
Jesus dude, did they pay you for this? Looks like garbage to me. Calm down
"This week, on Star Trek: 90210..."
Sean, I wish you'd stop hating the hologram flicker: they're a great way to convey to the audience, both in- AND out-of-universe, that the person they're talking to isn't actually physically present...something you're seriously going to need the more you get the resolution to life-like.
WOW! I did not realize what a complete SHILL you've  become!   LOL! No Guiness for you ya SHILL!!!!
I now have to unsubscribe… this is a disaster
I'm also fed up with the idea that there is no such thing as anybody being handicapped or not having the use of all their body parts you know that really annoys me as a handicapped person I'm sick and tired of all these sci-fi shows assuming that in the future every human being will suddenly be able to walk that I'm lucky and I know I'm lucky I just I get upset when people call it a miracle because technically I'm a quadriplegic I shouldn't be able to walk I shouldn't be able to feed myself I should be attached to machines because it's from C1 to C7 that the break is but my body found a way to fix it and while I'm in pain all the time of my life and sometimes it's so excruciating that if I have the opportunity to end it I would but in all honesty I couldn't because my family depends upon me the point isI'm lucky most quadriplegics and people in my situation are still after over 200 years still in a wheelchair very kind but they're still in a chair so I imagine that in another 200 years is not going to be much change because let's face it you able bodies are still around and you're not going to do anything to change the status quo so as far as I'm concerned I really ticked off that nothing is in fact shown except in deep Space Nine where it's temporarily shown by one of the characters who lives in what comes from a planet where the gravity is different and when she travels away from that planet she is basically a quadriplegic and well paraplegic I think it is and it shows you how difficult life is for her because everything has stairs there are no handicap ramps there are no nothing is handicapped is something that ticks me off there is no consideration for those of us who are not able body I will not be watching any more Star Trek, there's no point nothing has changed.
How can you get a half Gem hadar and a half Klingon unless it was done in a lab because if you've watched DS9 and you remember anything from that show you will know that the gym Hadar are not exactly born they are created so and they're all male and they have no need for females so and they have no females so obviously somebody hasn't done their research and I'm just curious as to how they can even do this it's it's just too typical of Discovery it's just they don't do their research period. How much like they had a trill symbiotes in what appeared to be for practical purposes and what has mentioned a human being and that is a problem because according to again when you watch deep Space Nine and they say on trill that no can be inside a human being and that is why is why esme got the symbiote whether she was ready for it or not... So it has me wondering how they can just throw everything out the window I mean obviously they're not even bothering anymore with rewatching other Star Trek shows that came before them to find if they are screwing the pooch and frankly I don't think they care anymore so why should I bother watching anything to do with Star Trek if it's just let's throw everything and see what sticks... This is what made people hate Discovery in the first place most of the Star Trek fans and anyone who knew anything about Star Trek knew that they were so many holes in that show you could drive a truck through it, and here they're going to create a new show based on that show without having any of anything checked out checked over and basically in keeping with anything that came before, like I said why bother. You couldn't have a Jem Hadar and a Klingon mate because it wouldn't be possible for a Jem Hadar and it came up to me since like I said if you'd seen the DS9 you would know that's not possible, unless that person was made in a lab.
With the Klingon ships, and this being Academy; wondering if that battle will be another on-screen version of the Kobayashi Maru.
I have to say I'm not excited about this it looks like it's going to suck
The fact we are getting proper Klingons again. The age of Blingons is over
I just hope they keep the love story stuff to a minimum and concentrate on the starfleet stuff. Hopeful with Picard and giamatti and holly hunter on deck, but I’m not getting my hopes up too much. Also love notaro is in the show.
or the war college was in use by the earth defense forces after the federation bailed
Pumped for Dawson's Creek in space? Sad very sad. Special effects are nothing if you don't have good writing.
Friendly suggestion that the frame shots could be in the large window and Sean in the small one? & I'm watching on a TV.
re War College: Chris Pike sure could have used that
Starfleet has always paralleled the US Navy, from ship names to ranks. War College is a real thing. The US Naval War College is a well respected institution that is "a place of original research on all questions relating to war and the statesmanship connected with war, or the prevention of war". (US Army has their own war college) So for Starfleet to have a war college doesn't raise any eyebrows.
Wondering how they will explain a hologram aging. Maybe his protons are degrading and he (The Doctor) decided to just go with the flow and not do any "upgrading".
This is the first Start Trek of any kind I have no desire to watch.
I'm not going to be watching it.  They're at school. It's all going to be high school melodrama in a Sci-Fi environment.
Is Nahla the captain's first name or last?
No, YOU'RE awesome
Academy looks like the worst Trek ever.
If there's one thing I want to see in SFA, it's the cadets having to steal the retrieved ISS Enterprise.
This isn't Star Trek in any shape or form
Horrible casting. Please don't show Tatiana M much unless you want the show to fail. Can't believe she is still getting big roles after what she pulled on She Hulk and Deadpool. Also not sure what Holly Hunter brings. Kate Mulgrew would have been preferable. Or Jerri Ryan.
Not planning on watching. I'd like to invite all my fellow Trekkers to enjoy another unauthorized novel completely free. Just google "Star Trek Lost Destiny Race".
As some have said War College is for Senior Officers and a version of Post Graduate School.
It looks like trash
im very existed for anything star trek
Can't wait!
Yeah, just NO
13:22 Hmmm… maybe not? At Starfury Warp 1 a group of us spoke to Jess Bush about how she was able to maintain her American accent. I asked her if she had any tips for me as I try to voice train and she said to me that if I ever get the chance I should speak to Karim Diane about it, because she said he’s been working on lowering his voice for the show.
I bet the haters and trolls Will watch just so they can come back and whine and complain🤨!  No one has seen one episode but they already hate it😏 Well, just come back and give Sean engagement 😉😊🖖🏾
The "villain" is giving section 31 vibes 😅 i dont know how to feel about that
Paul Giamatti, Holly Hunter, and Tatiana Maslany must have been excited about the scripts. So while I haven't been drawn in by 32nd century stories there's no way I'm missing this.
Tilly becomes the longest-tenured instructor in Starfleet Academy's history.  I don't remember it saying she was longest serving chancellor of the academy.
Somewhere there are VFX guys who have been working tirelessly to add in all of the flickering with the holograms who just lost their will to live.
This is going to have so much whining.  And a female jemhadar. Makes no sense.
I'm of a particular age where I have seen every iteration of Starfleet academy concept. Right now the trailer doesn't impress because the Discovery universe doesn't offer anything to explore. Why should I be invested in these kids? What about them expand Trek lore?
Just my personal preference, but less Tilly the better, I really don't like the character
This trash will flop deliciously hard 😂
This show is gonna suck
Sorry, dude, but this show looks like an absolute Hollyweird DEI joke.  Get as pumped you want, but it looks to me like it's going to be Starfleet 90210.
I love it when a frame by frame review video has the talking head in the big box and the trailer we actually want details on in the small box 🙄
Terrific trailer!
I swear to the God's of Sean Connery if they have a Section 31 101 im out
I'm really looking forward to Paul Giamatti as the big bad. For anyone who doesn't know, watch the movie "Shoot 'Em Up" where he is the primary antagonist, and he does a brilliant job of it. Granted that movie was absolutely insane, and also are rated so there's some things you can't do but honestly the man's got the talent for it. I'm genuinely really curious what they're gonna do with this, because the Starfleet Academy series has been an idea of floating around for decades so the fact that we're finally getting a version of it is interesting.
starfleet having a war college shouldn't be too surprising. starfleet is a miltary organization under the guise of exploration. their entire structure is military in nature. and that makes sense... the only thing that stands in the breach defending our ideas and rights... is the threat of force.
"I'm really pumped after this trailer". Uhuh because the rest of the internet thinks it looks like mince.
8:15 Reminds me of the "Starfleet: Year One" book where the military types and the scientific types were trying to make their priorities the focus of what would become Star Fleet. I remember the military types calling the scientists "butterfly collectors."
This might or might not be a fun video, i found it hard to tell after youtube decided i needed to see 7 adverts for insureance.... . . . . and counting
I guess I will watch it, I have everything else, but haven't we already done the lost mother search?
They have that captured mirror universe Connie as well that they can have the cadets "toy" with. Hoping that makes a reappearance.
We’re definitely getting a gay Klingon, which will be used as a parable for modern toxic masculinity….. le yawn 🥱
I will watch it and give it a chance, but boy,  looks like trash.  :(
Only Robert Picardo makes me even slightly want to watch this. The militaristic & gung-ho vibes I’m getting from the trailers doesn’t feel right to me. With the antics of your paramilitary ICE hoodlums, the footage of them that I’ve seen reminds me of UVF checkpoints in 70’s Belfast, I think they’ve went with a very un-Star Trek vibe. We’ll see when it airs.
WOW SEAN, mistaking a Mars Class starship for a Merian class starship? FAKE FAN ALERT
Honestly it pisses me off that Picardo is barely shown in the trailer. He is the reason I want to see this series.
I saw leak footage of the first episode and the Doctor has a number designation, not a name. So that begs the question, is this really the Voyager doctor? Or one of his comrades?
Sorry I really want to like the news stuff, but WHY are most of the shots so brown? Why must they drown it all in this unpleasant, muddy color palette in grading?...
Awful Discovery lighting...
this is giving discovery writing vibes, im not sure if i like the care-bear attitude that everyone is nice and good while all the bad guys are the old white male mudd meh also can we address the klingon not being klingon enough
I'm excited!
I don't think I'm the target audience for this. I'm a star Trek fan. But, I do love the cast. I've got hopes that it might be a fun kind of something
Everything was wrong with Star Trek Nemesis.  It is the worst work of fiction ever set in the Star Trek universe and one of the worst works of fiction that was ever made is currently being made and will ever be made.
Didn’t we do this for eight movies at Hogwarts?
So Beverly Hills Trek 1701. The acting looked so mid.  I don't even care now i guess.
Can someone talk to Governor Newsom.... and convince him to build the star fleet academy .... just to get ready for when it becomes a reality.... like... humans could live there and have a fantastic vacation that is star trek cosplay in real academy :D with real menu items... with guest appearances.  Holodecks with Riza, Chronos, and Ferengi night clubs. OMG WHY HAS NO ONE DONE THIS YET??????
At least the klingon fore head is correct
Starfleet Academy 90210
I know I'm gonna set my VCR for this! Thanks CBS and Alex Kurtzman for giving us fans what we really wanted!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Don't waste your time on this garbage...star trek died a long time ago...
Just on the War College thing - that's not necessarily Troop / Officer combat training. It could easily be advanced tactics and strategy for officers - It would actually make sense in this instance to have aspiring senior officers mixing with fresh cadets - the up-coming Kirks show the Newbie Ensign Ro's the lay of the land, and help weed out any "not appropriates". Also, lets not forget just how closely Star Trek mirrors the US military - NCC in NCC1701 etc means Navel Construction Contract - a term used by the US navy for decades. The Ship classes, Crew Ranks... even the overall political systems of President and Senators etc - all very US-centric. So a dedicated officer training facility that focuses on large scale conflict from a tactical and strategic view point would match that ethos. That said.... I'd love to see a "Starship Troopers" style war academy for Star Fleets ground forces. They MUST have them after so many ground wars with various stronger races.....
If I was a teenage girl that only got into Star Trek ten years ago, I’d be really excited about this show.
Idc how many people are $h!tt!ng on it just from the trailer. Like Sean I'm stoked
Have Ellie do all the ad reads. I'd pay money to have her read a phone book.
2:22 Ellius Interruptus
How could Robert accept playing in such garbage this shit is going to be so fucking bad it isnt even going to be funny
Everything about this looks absolutely atrocious, but you can bet TrekVulture will be there till the end, shilling as hard as they can for all the scraps and perks they can gobble up. 😂
Confidence level in this show is already flushed down the toilet.
I'm curious about that last line in the trailer, its time to stop telling the story and be part of it... While I'm sure it doesn't have a direct connection, considering that Jake became a reporter, I'm wondering if'n there's some manner of connection there
It's good to glorify education at a time when the US government is attacking education.
I bet that’s Warf’s trans niece in the skirt 👍
In Voyager the EMH looked the same after 700 years. However in Starfleet Academy, The EMH looks a lot older. A bit of an inconsistencythat needs explaining
Great breakdown - but as dashing as you are, when describing screenshots it'd be nice to swap your narrative into the thumbnail while you're pointing out details. Rant over lol 🖖☕
The captain is Tatiana’s sister?
Access media much, this is trash and you know it.
Today, now, ambitious military officers around the world attend war college as a condition for promotion.
"frame by frame" Are you trying to make it more painful than it already is?
Hiring Stephen Colbert for the show has just Fast Tracked this new show into CANCELLATION! … and MANY Star Trek Fans will now NOT watch this new show!
4:13 excuse me whut?
Has a huge Star Trek fan I mean super huge I just can't get into this new stuff. Discovery literally destroyed me and the first two seasons of Picard. I'm just out I know so many people that are just out permanently
Those Klingons at the end of the trailer are flying Star Trek Online ships. I can clearly see a Ketha class, Qehpu' class and a  M'Chla Refit.
not feeling this show at the minute, but I'll wait until premiere till I pass judgement
21:05 No Admiral Vance?  While he's in the background you moron!
💜‼️💜‼️
I would love to know why certain names are on the wall.  And I hope the Doctor to remember his former crewmembers
I am just glad the klimgons look normal no dsc klingons.  I will give the show a chance, i just hope it isnt a soap opera in space.  Aka beverly hills 90210 type  I dont mind reuse of sets.  If a the design works still after 900 years i am fine with it.  Especiallt\y since quarters are not seen that often.  The ships havent changed that much in 900 years i dont expect the rooms to change much.  Also if it saves the the budget for other things i am good with it
16:21 looks like a redressed SNW bridge 19:31 the ships in that scene, some of them appear to be Star Trek Online Klingon designs. the the big front and center one is the QeHpu' battlecruiser, and behind it as it passes the camera, there appears to be a M'Chla refit, which is a Discovery BoP but reimagined with the B'Rel aesthetic.
Great, back to Trek culture's slavish acceptance of below mediocre shows for the sake of fanning and content. Here is a challenge Trek culture... If this is crap (and all signs looks like it is going to be) - call it out for being crap.
I'll reserve judgement until January.
19:33 the alien vessels are actually Klingon ships from Star Trek Online, the QeHpu is the bigger one with a smaller tinier Mchla Refit in the background
this is gona be shit show like the witcher
Let the "thumbs down" begin, and that's OK... but I've been nothing but disappointed with all the New Trek series.  I'm not even sure that I want to watch this one.  I'm still trying to get the taste of Discovery out of my mouth.
No…she’s being dragged away for the Jedi academy….DUH!  Those guys aren’t big about attachment to family.
Becky Lynch is in the show but hasn’t been in either trailer 😢
Please state the nature of the classroom topic today....
I will give the pilot episodes a try, but I must say that I am not confident.
Hey! They brought the door stop back!!
4:24 half Klingon half Jem hadar?!?! In deep space 9 a jem hadar states to jadzia Dax that “we don’t reproduce. We are birthed from pods.” Granted enough time could have passed for the dominion to fall due to odo meddling but I kinda doubt that the level of genetic tampering could be undone. I just hope they explain why she is like that and don’t just go “well she is here now look DS9 reference”
I really hope for the best for this show, but some things take me out of it. The Golden Gate Bridge still around in the 32nd century? Talk about a ship of Theseus.
I really hope in this new series that the Klingons didn't become less masculine. Or you know what they say when in Rome😂  But I am looking forward to watching this new series. Now fingers crossed 🤞 let's see a Star Trek Legacy series or a Star Trek series that features President Archer like star trek United.
17:40 The bridge of the Athena too feels like a reuse of the Enterprise bridge.
Is that the megazorde on the desk
I like it, as a fan you have to understand what is the target audience here, is for the new generation to have their star trek series, so the franchise can move forward, not everything needs to be like TOS or Star Trek will die, so don't be harsh with this show, and maybe we can have more, like President Archers series ... Not every product is for everyone, they are trying to keep Star Trek alive, so I'm in ! 🖖🏼
I hope that Colbert plays a 32nd century tangerine Hitler type. ...   Just to piss off the bigots
Is that a Night Lords book in the background?
I am not expecting much, but my dog is named Athena 😊
i think Im too old for this franchise now. Its aimed at a very specific set of younger and/or validation craving audience. I dont need that and certainly not in this way. Its a shame, but I still have the pre-Kurtzman era stuff to enjoy. The show is now all about demonstrating its diversity rather than just being naturally diverse and positive. This difference and the general quality of the writing is why I just cant continue any more.
I wish they'd continue with more 25th century stuff
have no interest in this at all , like Discovery , I'll give it a try , but that didn't last long
Looks like a very dangerous school to me. Something like a "Hogwarts in a SciFi costume".
The trailer was complete and utter rubbish, the muppets that run Star Trek cancelled Lower Decks & SNW then green lit a second season of this cr@p before it released. Well it's a good time to bow out of Star Trek, skip this watch the final two seasons of SNW then no more Shìt Trek.
Those uniforms all look atrocious.
In the real world, the US Naval War College is a post-graduate institution. It’s where officers (especially senior officers) go for additional training, education, attend seminars, etc. Of course, we’ll see what this show does with the concept. One of Starfleet’s missions is Defense, so it’ll behoove them to have an institution dedicated to studying tactics, historical battles and wars (Borg incursions, Dominion War…Iconians????). Though, I could be completely wrong. Jan 15th we’ll see!
I can't watch this.  As much as I am a die-hard for surgical discussion of Trek minutiae, the trailer made up my mind for me after one view: I want to go in fresh with no discussion of easter eggs or theories.   My first words after seeing it were "this is one of the best things I've ever seen".   I can wait 🖖
More of Kurtzman’s revisionist garbage. No thanks.
The more I see, the more I think its going to be hard to get into this. The casting of the cadets is largely where I have the issue.   Its going to be like having a series with no POV characters imho.
7:53 Sean, the War College is most likely for post-graduate studies, much like today's U.S. Naval War College.  It's for more senior officers.
please please please dont make it "the tilly show"
I think that models are all ships that Nahla served during her career, as she is long living she must've served on some at least. 20:27 - Earth Spacedock from Season 3 of Picard in right ides of window. 19:28 - 25th Century Klingon Ship from Star Trek Online: QeHpu' battlecruiser and refit of Discovery BoP also from Star Trek Online - M'chla Bird of Prey. Nacelles of USS Athena are foldable into outer ring through programmable matter as tri-badges of cadets and teachers are depicting ship.
Picardo is a legend. One of my favourite characters, and a lovely human being in the real world. His youtube is a real hoot!
Star Trek 90210
There is no hope...😢
I will watch to see if it's good... but it does seem from the trailer to be somewhat CW-style genre soap opera. Actually NO you know what it reminds me of...?  In Stargate SG1 epsiode  "200" they are spitballing ideas for the wormhole extreme movie and they posit the "Young SG-1" idea.  THAT! That is what this trailer feels like.
This show is going to be awesome!
Time setting and the Lighting is my biggest Gripes with the series, The lens flare and CGI clusters are a bit annoying to me. Hard to focus on scenes with 4 different lights in them but hoping that is just trailer
👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽 Can't wait!!!! 😊🖖🏽💛💙♥️
Why do holograms age?
Not watching. One of the actors is a war criminal. Shame on Paramount.
So looking forward to it!!
How can a person be half Jem Hadar ? They don’t reproduce
WHO Cares About Much Kurztmann Nu Wreck Crapp BS !!!!....
I'm glad we gotta a date.  I'm so excited!  I can't wait to learn more about SAM.
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
