The unc can be destroyed
Human tourch is op just camp in the sky and shoot
Lol Venom
Surprised no rocket segment
one note from venom main, venom is not overpowered, the playstyle you need to play him will ussually not let you get enough heals, unless you duo que and you matter to the healer like jeff, plus HIS DAMAGE OUTPUT IS LOW, yes in training it seems reasonable but with a 50% hit rate you will always never be able to completely comfortably kill someone especially at higher ranks where the healers are more aware. other than that, its the best tank at the very least for metal ranks(upto plat)
Killed his team with jeffs ult 2:04
Spot on that all the kids want to play as DPS.. they also suck at DPS..
I was playing moonknight and I had an ankh outside the enemy’s tram base and killed someone when they were in the base
I was lost with hero synergies in marvel rivals, and Overgear helped me figure it out, no way
They need to buff Spider-Man
I was lost with hero synergies in marvel rivals, and Overgear helped me figure it out, no way
Peni parker goes in my op category because of those arachnomines and the arachnonest witch she can combo with the webs to make it a bigger area
Could we have some scarlet witch guides ?? She is so op
lmfao 3/10 video
jeff is cute tier, dont hit jeff when you see him online he deserves to live
I had to stop 2:00 in to the video because the things you were saying to me, hurt my soul. You gotta label this video “for silver or below” or “your first 10 matches of quickplay” 😂 once you learn anything about this game you realize how Jeff is not best character and you find where the REAL value is…..Groot’s ass cheeks 😂🎉
Of of us crazy work
Interesting this is your list of broken heroes because none of them are high up on the win rate per the official data.
Hawkeye
Number one player in the world is a hulk main, when you play hulk jump often and dont dive the other team jump on the enemies that dive your team and keep moving.
Yo gaming merchant I didn’t realize you were making Rivals content. I was a long time fan of your Apex stuff, and glad to see you uploading on this! Curious why you wouldn’t just post all the games you play on one account- I may have seen them sooner.
I have absolutely cooked jeff, moon knight and venom with the scarlet witch so i guess she is a good counter. The only one in this video who has cooked me was the winter soldier
Fuck is a dualist? Dps? Whats a vangaurd? A tank. Lets all use the same terms thanks
punisher with his shotgun teamed up with rockets' infinite ammo/higher rof gizmo is totally OP...
Penny Parker is pretty nuts too. The amount of times you can web up and enemy is pretty crazy, while also being apply to deploy the mines with almost to no cooldown. Just a shame her ult and web swing ability aren't as good
5:16 you know what else is massive?
Penny parker is my favorite tank since you can drop the spiders on the ground behind a wall and attach yourself to the ground by the spider web and move out to fight enemies and when you need healing just retract back. I have a lot of success nullifying other tanks. Cloak and dagger are my personal preferred healer, but all the healers are pretty good. Cloak and dagger have a very powerful damage buff and heal on the "E" key. As for duelists i still trying to find the one that suits me most.
Love this video
If I may add one thing, these are some of the best characters, IF your not well versed in a character in that category, as an example, Penny is an actual S tier tank, and has the highest win rate after mantis who has the biggest win rate, but both of those (especially Penny) needs a bit more thinking to play well.
Putting venom above groot is a crime. If people don't think groot is an s tier tank they need to get good with him
why does he talk like this guy: 🤓
Omg the gaming merchant, I used to watch all your apex videos 🙏
The back of lunas snow is crazy. I cant focus 😅. I think Hawkeye et Loki are pretty op.
It’s really frustrating when I get a team full of duelists. I don’t mind who I play with but team balance is so important
bro im so happy. those are the two duelists that i main!!!
i fw this vid but the clip at 9:19 hurt to watch lol
S+ tier is supposed to only be for the completely game-breaking 1-2 heroes. Not for merely really good heroes.  I dislike this rating inflation, where the sensible thing is that the scale goes D, C, B, A. And then someone had to add S. And then someone had to add S+. And now even S+ doesn't mean "completely broken" anymore. What's next, add tier Z?
This video has done so much damage to ranked lmao
Mantis is better at dealing with targets and her healing is far easier. Any way, tired of Jeffs doing damage and not healing.
no way he moved to rivals
Lol, when playing Jeff and spitting teammates off the map. That happened to me a couple of times now.
2:02 big note, the opposite is very much possible so as an adam warlock you can easily revive those who jeff killed
first time i played bucky i fell in love, hook a healers ass and punch his life out of him and when you hit shots, its so satisfying.. and also hes armed and dangerous again and again
For me personally, Hawkeye is better than Winter soldier. An enemy tank is basically 2 hits with hawkeye's primary.
Add aizen
Don't know how people call this fun, the game is slow, your powers don't have a punch to it, sound effects suck. Played like 2 rounds :-) was enough.
the hell is your crosshair in the jeff section of the vid???
no iron fist?
venom is pretty crazy, as a new player, a tank with spiderman like movement seems a bit op
Just did this now Sharky Boi riding groot is the coolest and cutest thing ever and very effective got Groot MVP
Jesus christ i swear your iq has to be DROPPED if you find any joy playing those braindead , bot heroes
Lemme guess, diamond?
why is snow better than mantis. both have tons of dmg and healing. freeze and sleep. aoe heal but mantis can attack and buff while channeling hers.
Moon knight main and my best game was 46 and 2
When we start losing, I swap to thor  😂
Imagine a Marvel/DC crossover in this game
Loki lowkey slaps
ngl hawkeye can easily kill all 5 of these people apart from moon knight (i speak from experience)
one more note i have to point out dagger has tracking with her heals on her primary its not SUPER agressive but ive hit allies around walls with the ricochet if yall get the practice in c&d can be a menace on the field i 110% agree with all your points tho
i main support so this was HUGE to learn some new tricks ty for the vid deff earned a sub from me!
jeff need nerf/ ult remake
Bold of you to think they wont just stick to dps and throw the game instead of playing a different role
crosshair settings?
Don’t sleep on ironman
How did he spawn so many Ankhs at 9:30??????
6:26 i prefer to place this on another healer or someone like Ironman because the tanks in the front line take so much damage. I can focus them, and its bound to heal whoever I have it on. If I put it on the take there's a good chance that are for more hurt than anyone else around. So I have no one to heal but them.
Imma just say it, I think it's criminal that Moon Knight has lower Health than some healers do
Jeff better than Mantis or Cloak and Dagger?   There’s a reason Jeff isn’t present at the top ranks
Putting Venom over Strange and Magneto is hilarious.
Some missed tips for moonknight, the Ankh not only knocks enemies up, it actually pulls them towards the ankh's center. You can use this to pull enemies into your ult, or even pull them out from behind cover or into teammates abilities.   The Ankh also always appears a dim glowing red for your enemies, so placing it in areas where there are lots of red colors allows you to use the environment to camouflage the ankhs and can let you get some extra hits off of it before the enemy team notices it is there and destroys it.  Placing Ankhs up high and behind enemies also leads to them not noticing it as often and can lead to some really sneaky kills.
1:52 You really just killed half your team here tho 😭☠️😭☠️
I picked up on Cloak and Dagger pretty quickly, highest heals and most kills, most times. Just gotta be able to switch back and forth in the right situations
This man said Jeff and I paused the Video lol I couldn't believe Jeff is anything more than F Tier
bro said massive 3 times in this vid
baby shark, tu tu tu tututu,,,,
psylocke ult needs buff because its lowkey ass
Jeff’s primary attack and heal sucks wtf are you talking about, his ultimate is his only redeeming quality
Scarlet, iron fist, hawkeye, and winter soldier: the fantastic four of braindead gameplay, the kings of random shooting and tapping buttons with 0 skills, but who cares cause they kill a whole team without even sweating a tear. No wonder every one use them.
Ironman and Storm are my go-to's
jeffs good until hanzo is aimbotting you all day so you learn wolverine in 2 seconds and clip on the stalking hackers "top 500" he said lmao also his beam is NOT infinite range it is long and probably gonna get nerfed but a buff elsewhere to compensate
10:18 bro he’s saying on purpose now
6:53 and you know what else is massive.
5:13 chat you know what else is massive
Bro played one game and made the list
this video didnt age well
I really can't be mad when I get killed by Jeff ngl.
You started Marvel rivels content nice. It was great watching you on apex legends. I got bored of it, so I stopped placing and watching anything related to apex legends. Its good to see you making different game content 👍
u can also just aim downwards at the map edge and just throw them out to instant death
Griot is the goat with a decent healer
lol all the people you fight in this video seem to be standing still for you. must be playing non rank pub games like PLEB
cloak and dagger way better looool
what a weak player name
nothing getting nerfed pleb
Dude picked the characters with the lowest winrates in the game lmfao
Moon knight is good, just boring.
“You will be forced to play a different role” meanwhile I play ranked and all 5 my teammates insta lock dps and don’t wanna win so I try to play healer or tank cause of it and it just ain’t fun it don’t work out
you need to leave high skill champs like hawk eye and winter soldier off these lists, its killing ranked, you have bad players w no aim costing other people matches trying to replicate what they see higher tier players doing in videos....low elo players need to stick to punisher and squirrell girl, then the next step ismoon knight or hela
One tip for Luna Snow - You can benefit from both healing and dmg mode if you bind scroll wheel to your ult letting you swap between the modes really quickly. It's also a bit of a light show
tbh unbalanced games are more fun than balanced ones.
Iron fist still my fav
Venom is just Winston if his ult was only hp and a cooldown
Been playing winter soilder since it came out and he is op af
2:18 did I just witness a jeff the shark aimlock?
Crosshair code pls
1:47 accidental friendly fire on Mantis
As a Bucky main this made me happy
magneto with scarlet witch melee buff is op. 2 or 3 shot  non tanks
Punisher with Rocket. Nuff said
What if our Jeff sucks and won’t switch 😢
Most OP duelists are hela and haweye
Kraven the Hunter, Mysterio, Doctor Octopus, Vulture, Sandman, and Electro. The original sinister 6 needs to be added asap. Would be epic
Jeff is not op😂 mantis and luna are literally 2 of the best characters in the game and without a doubt the 2 best healers
Tip about Jeff, instead of jumping off the edge, you can aim down and spit people out. There is a kill plane that even the high mobility characters can't escape. I mainly play Rocket myself, but all of the suggestions you made are spot on. I play Jeff when I want to be more support than DPS, though I do prefer Mantis over Luna Snow in most cases.
Hela is winter soldier but actually hitscan and more ammo. Plus her orb is better than any of his abilities
I got a 20 bomb with Luna snow while my other teammate were doing nothing and got auround 4kills each
Ngl I would have thought Hawkeye would have been up there
OMG GGAMING MERCHANT BUT FOR RIVALS
first jeff tip is terrible, just aim downward, its never ever not worked for me.
Im honestly surprised iron fist or iron spider didnt show up on this list. Both of those characters are menace
Hela? Mantra? those are the two strongest in their respective roles and its not even close
Moon knight is a great character when your team is lacking but the enemies aren’t,
I think there should be more than one area to capture at the same time because theres too much chaos going on & all I do is die, respawn, slow run all the way back to the area, die again & so on.. very repetitive gameplay, they still need to ballance the characters better imo
it’s ridiculous that the healers can do so much damage
I only played a few matches last night for the first time but i was sure the little shark would be at the top of this list.
It is rediculous how unbalanced this game is lol.
10:36 you not shooting that ank really grinded my gears,
mantis in not good? i like her is verry solid
I haven't even gotten fully immersed in this game yet & I didn't even know this was a [Merchant] video! I heard his nostalgic voice & instantly smiled! Good for you man! I wish you all the success! You work your ass for gamers! 🤙  *visiting from Apex
Whod of thought jeff would be the most op hero in marvel rivals
Luna need a little nerf I'm sorry she has little too high damage, her ulti needs reduced by like 50%
Huh... both of my mains made it
List is wrong without hela on it
good video, but im pretty sure none of these charakters are actually "OP" specially in higher Elo
ha i had 40 kills as jeff
I got so confused when i heard gaming merchant that i thought i was watching apex
L jeff tip just spit down when you go to kill the enemy team. LMAAOOOO
I’m surprised you didn’t put dr strange for the vanguard slot considering his shield will block one shot ults and his portal is very useful despite the long cooldown and if you combine that with your own iron man or scarlet witch you can wipe teams easy
the fact that loki isnt here is stupid doing so much damage, being able to be versatile in team fights with the ult, able to do half a bar of healing to non tanks, a invincibility field as an ability, and having really good movement abilities to keep him alive long enough to heal the team and stall the point. and thats not counting the team up ability ith hela which makes him even more annoying
5:16 , And you know what else is massive ?
Thor is great he is stier in my opinion
Really enjoyed this video, thanks!
i remember the old gaming merchant!! i’m the of you should gift me yk maybe a black panther skin
Jeff needs to be nerfed he is almost impossible to kill
Guess the 2 support 2 duelist and 2 tanks turned into just venom
An op without Hawkeye, Hela, Mantis, and Strange is pretty much wrong lol there’s a reason these are paired with Luna with a flex Psylocke or Magneto.
They shouldnt nerf anyone. Let every character function individually. Lets a get a new game and stop trying to make it like the others. I dont want nerfs or even buffs. Everyone feels fun. I want more characters
Luna over C&D is funny ngl 😂
Jeff is one of the weakest heroes in the game, you lost me immediately
People really be sleeping on Thor bruh
Moon knight is OP
The fact you spat your team off the map playing Jeff 😂
hawkeye mains explaining how 200 dmg bodyshot 400 dmg heashot is balanced
Iron Fist 💀☠️
5:15 you know what else is massive? lowwwwwwww taper fadeee
Hawkeye is broken fir absolutely no reason
Hawkeye is broken fir absolutely no reason
As a jeff the shark player my highest kill count in 1 match was 28
👺👿
this list definitely checks out, as Luna Snow I get like 20k healing on average and like 10k damage. My brother plays Moon Knight and gets MVP nearly every single game because of the insane damage he dishes out, and my friend who plays Venom always has most damage blocked and has the least deaths pretty often too.
Jeff isnt that great. Hes B or C tier. Mantis and the Ice lady are better
meenwhile hela stomps
Hela > Moonknight in high elo and it's not even close
Jeff sucks in higher tier ranked.
Important venom also crits on headshots
Worst thing about this community is those that don't play for the team and instead only play one role... if you want to get good at this game and win more games learn all the roles not just duelist
Everything is "OP" nowadays. Its kinda annoying to keep seeing. Some things are just really good or top in its class.
Groot is OP, especially when he's combined with Jef sitting on his shoulders, providing nonstop healing and damage resistance.
The only thing they need to nerf is Jeff’s ult suiciding - make his repawn timer 35s if you suicide
Share the stage of Luna is to me a lot better on dive dps characters so you can spam heal on tanks when they brawl
Actual top 5 champs in game are:  Hela Mantis Dr Strange Hawkeye Luna Snow
Ik i may be a minority here, but anyone who CAN aim on Hela will absolutely dominate every game. Especially if you position correctly, off angle, and manage cooldowns properly. She melts tanks. She wins every 1v1 against any squishy.   I’m formerly top 500 on Overwatch (Last I played, GM 4-3 on all roles) so for me, it feels a little too broken. The average skill is definitely something to consider I guess when making these videos, but the 10% or so who can aim and hit every headshot will be a menace to deal with. Coming from a Hela main, I see a possible HP nerf to her once metal ranks catch up.
Hardly recognized your voice
5:17 and yk what else is massive
Give me sabretooth!
Okay, but if I just headshot you with Hawkeye, all of these lose every time
if u really can use punisher its the end lol i have been playing wth punshir and its so fun and easy to kill and escape
Bro don’t understand cloak and dagger
stopped watching when he spit his teamates off the cliff lol
So I rarely see anyone playing namor but he’s my main, his bubble has an awesome side perk where it goes up usually high enough to do a level change so that with the invulnerability I can get away from most characters and I do insane damage. Plus placing your turrets on walls instead of ground makes a huge difference. I’m getting 30/2/5 average per game in ranked and have 10 hours played
Cloak and dagger goes fuckijg crazy aswel as Magik and Wanda. Magik and Wanda are amazing to get behind the lines and take out a healer
As a Jeff main in diamond 3, I do think his ultimate can be devastating but at higher levels, his ults get avoided more easily. You just gotta be super aware and quick to flee and separate and he becomes useless and killable if he picks up no one.  Trust me he gets diffed quite a bit but to be fair, he's still a very strong support with a really good kit, plus with Luna snow's team up ability and he essentially becomes a sniper if you land direct shots at the enemies. His ult is still unpredictable at times and you can adept more with it to get enemies but like I said, you can avoid it especially by separating so he doesn't pick multiple and maybe he catches just one person to lessen the absolute destruction he does.
Jeff the land shark is also op because he's so cute no one wants to kill him
Another guy showing us just how unbalanced the game truly is. Thanks for the vid.
wheres my goat hawkeye
makes a "most broken characters" list and doesn't have THE BEST character in the game of cloak and dagger acting like luna snow and jeff are better lmao easy skip for a youtube channel
Jeff is S tier period, no justification needed
Reasons why Jeff is OP: he cute
i love jeff hes so good even though hes like one of the easiest to play hes so broken and almost every game im getting mvps and triple the amount of kills than the duelists on my team
Jeff is only good with average players.
clicked off when ur dumbass spit ur teammates off the map
peni parker is also very very good, which is a more ranged alternative to venom if that suits your playstyle better
What about peni parker her t4aps are so good
guys can someone help me i got a problem with the game and i cant find solution for it my games load sooo long it always stuck at 99% and i load in when the game already started a long time ago any idea?
stop it dont talk to me
I’ve just started playing marvel rivals with little to no experience with this genre. and Jeff the shark has been the most fun hero to play. He’s so fun and i’m often MVP in most casual matches i play. It’s so funny because my movement is so good that i get away from everyone so ill have one or two heroes targeting me the entire game only to keep on dying by me
black pather is op
Its funny you didnt even mention Hawkeye. Hawkeye just deletes everyone on this list lmao. Unless hes SSS++ a tier on his own.
how was Wanda’s auto aim attacks not on this list
Yeah the weakest avenger is the most broken one in the game, fucking Hawkeye. I hate it when im not the one using Hawkeye and when the enemy team has Hawkeye.
Great video guide
1:50 rip half the team jeff needs his clip
you forgot to mention to turn off easy swing for venom that way you can swing to whereever you aim at because automatic swing sometimes makes you stuck
look if a lot of heros are broken. then no hero is broken...just make them all busted cuz u can always just counter pick
Luna snow only good for shaking that dairy air 🍑😂
a LOT of people forget that moon knight is only good if he got a good team , he isn't the same as scarlet witch, iron fist, hawkeye,iron man and winter solider. there are more better characters but the fact that people btch a bout moonknight is because they don't move enough in time, I would like for people to play better (solo) but they never will and get carried by jeff, luna and dagger as supports
squierl girl is really good hero, she have the jump abiliity  and bouncing burst main attack. she can jump around shooting bullets that hardly miss and can hit multiple enemies at once. She can also stun with a bouncing attack and have E that reloads all of her abilities so she can spam them. and ult is free dmg and great contorl of the zone since it bounce around for a long time
Jeff is so good. I was carrying yesterday just standing back and bullying black widow and any groups
The actual Jeff tech: spit them DOWN, INTO THE PIT. The knockup effect lasts long enough they hit the killbox before they can escape
moon knighmemoonknight has autoaim. rivals is  a baby game
you know what else is massive?
so why isnt hela on the list her dmg output is insane with a super low ttk and she has a good mobility ability
bro Namor is nutty
Clicking on random videos to learn about the game.... Now I realize this is the same guy I used to watch play apex all the time.
Moon Knight and Penny with good healer are so annoying
Jeff a tier at best mantis is the best character in the game claok and dagger are better then Jeff and I a snow
im suprised hela isnt there, her damage is NASTY. you can 3 shot most dps and she has hitscan. and dont even get me started on her ult
the fact namor isnt on this list is criminal. He's gonna be one of the best ranked champs mark my words
Moon Knight will slowly lose efficiency when players become annoyed enough with him. He is super easy to counter if you just focus the ankh when he throws them down.  Half the time I see people dying to moon knight is because they legit just stand still inside their ankh range completely oblivious to the giant red symbol next to them.
Jeff is why i main him
You don't need to jump in and die with Jeff just spit them aiming down at the outside of the map and they will die before the mini stuff wears off to use movement abilities.
I knew moon knight was gonna be my main when i got a 29 ko streak my first time playing the game. I suck at every other character lol
that's great advice but i'm kind of slightly unstable.
Hela is the most OP duelist. Not that I am cracked with the character but do some searching for Hela gameplay and see what devastation that some are able to do with her.
Note to self using Adams hot to revive just Jeff after a team fire is a waste consisting Jeff mobility he will already get back to ur team before the enemy
Penni Parker is underrated imo she’s such a good pick especially on defense she’s one of the best tanks especially with a solid healer she’s nigh unkillable
I been using moonknight and just had a 40 killstreak. Those anks can be thrown into a group and then shot with the moon blades to deal massive damage very quickly, also since it pulls in enemies it works great with his ult. Place the ult on a group, throw an ank into the ult and just watch the enemies perish
This is literally how devs find what to nerf. In a weird way your doing everyone a service.
1:52 that betrayal hahahaha
Wolverine should heal on dealing damage
Jeff is great, the problem is the Jeff players lol every time I have one on my team it’s the worst player in the match
People are skipping on psylocke. She has great potential for flanking the back lines, and getting out alive. Her move’s provides healing, meaning she can stay at the enemies back lines for relatively long. Even if you’re forced to leave, psylocke’s kit allows her return fast. Similar to tracer in overwatch,  psylocke distracts the enemies by flanking, allowing her teammates deal more damage. Her alt is also pretty good, it can basically kill any character other than the tanks.
I thought you were going to say Hela. Whenever I play her people say she's too strong because I'm rack up disgusting amounts of kills and damage but her attacks requires such good aim that I never thought she was OP.
My only pet peeve with this game atm is  the fact that wolverine doesnt have his healing factor
Thank god I’ve been finding a lot of use with characters like BP and iron fist to melt the Jeff players
Peni parker is a great crowd control shes insane just started but who should i try next?
Jeff is my main lol
Jeff is absolutely miserable to play against. The fact that he can take people off the map is zero skill and zero fun. His design ruins a lot of my fun with this game
Was really hoping the tank was hulk
This video aged like milk
Amcient Unc 😂
Mr merchant, do you prefer apex legends more or marvel rivals?
I can agree with this list, BUT i do think Peni needs to be on here somewhere, SHE IS CRAZY!!! she does need a good strategist to heal her to get the best out of her though, because if the healer does their job shes a unstobbable force.
When did this game come out?
Would rather see this video instead of APEX. 🎉
Groot is the best tank and it isn’t close. I often get over 30k (average 24k) shielding, often top frag, and his walls refresh fast and can split up the enemy team and prevent them from escaping and healing each other. If you partner with Jeff the shark on your back you are unstoppable. Went 36-3 with 33k shielding with that combo.
Yeah, who approved the Jeff the Shark kit....
I play hawkeye aka jeff mains worst nightmare, i can take out a jeff so easily its impossible for them to have a good game when i face them, jeff has a huge hitbox for headshots
I wanna disagree with almost every take here. Jeff has very little damage potential that is almost never a big threat. Up close he is so defenceless that he has no other choice as to burrow away practically taking him out of the fight. His hitbox is small, but almost the entirety of it is a head hitbox 3 times the size of an average head hitbox. His ult has a lot of potential but without a good setup or unlikely soloq coordination its meh. Moon night has a lot of damage and a crutch for people with bad aim, but he is quite squishy with a large hitbox and lack of burst damage. Not that he is horrible but not worth the S tier at all. Winter solder has a good carry potential, but he is very inconsistent, squishy, not very mobile. Personally I an convinced that psylocke and hawkeye are disgustingly strong with their craze open frag potential with oneshots/instakill combos.
when people learn to focus the Ahnks he will become weaker, that said I got two and they cant break both before dying
I main squirrel girl she’s so broken to me. In my opinion needs a video or a section in a video video.
Venom has twice the model size of most characters, twice as easy to hit. He takes massive damage as a consequence, even my blind ass can hit him reliably. Compared to other tanks he is decidedly lackluster, his bonus health ability is only useful with a large risk of waiting until you're below 10% health, and it is his only defensive. If the mobility he has attached to him is considered a defensive that's great, but the majority of supports are not going to target and heal a tank who is flying through the air half the time. Using the Venom swing + Frenzied arrival + Cellular corrosion combo is cool, unironically engaging gameplay, but that's 3 abilities you just put on cooldown for a 1 second knockup, minimal and easily escapable slow, and minimal damage with no escape left. Why bother when you could play peni and spit out roots that are more impactful to your team, and heal you on top of that?  Or magneto and snipe targets while enjoying two substantial defensives that require no extra thought process to maximize their effectiveness?
Had a 40k game with Luna snow with 10k damage and still lost in comp lmfao.
I'm just an auto aim hero hater.
Sharky is annoying 😂 and i luv it😅
Iron fist
A hero that I’ve been using and absolutely nobody is talking about in a good way is Namor he’s severely underrated.
moon knights attack has -20% falloff damage per bounce
I disagree with the Venom take. A lot of the off tanks in this game feel really weak unless you’re behind a main tank like Doctor Strange.
I got 5 mvps in a row wit Jeff😭 he fosho my main
Y'all they copied paladins to 😂
Jeff isn’t s tier
Vro i knew it was you TGM. I watched u all the time when i was trying to get good at apex
for me hela is the best
The only character that truly feels op right now is iron fist.
please never rate again bro🔥  the correct list should be mantis, luna, psylock, magik, hela, bucky
Pennie Parker better than venom tbh
other than luna snow all the heroes u mentioned are mid to bad hereos compare to the op ones
WS is amazing
gonna try Venom and Luna snow💯💯
winter soldier's definitely good, he probably has one of the best thing m1s in the game, but i'd say he is heavily dragged down by his abilities, his only really good one is his hook, i think for the life span of this game he will forever be a solid A tier, but to call him an S tier is crazy, especially u need good aim on him, and if u have good aim hawkeye's just a better choice because he can one shot the back lines.
Mantis, Hela and Doctor strange are a few you forgot. They are dominating the ladder right now. 10% of players use doctor stange in top 500 and 20% use hela
I would argue that Punisher is more OP than Winter Soldier. He can single handedly cut off one part of the map.
As jeff you can just look down and spit them into the kill zone, no need to suicide lol
Proud Bucky main and carrying every game
Where is groot
Scarlett Witch, Black Widow and Hela are all OP.  I've been easily dropped by all 3 with no counter to respond Revenge with.
Just got cussed out my first time playing Jeff the shark 😂 by my own team. Not to mention I was being targeted by a fucking Spider-Man the entire game. I'll stick to Cloak and Dagger lol
Winter soldier's damage is stupidly busted
Waiting for Knull
If Luna Snow uses her Ult at the same time when an enemy Punisher uses his ult, she can take all of his damage output and survive.
I KNEW I RECOGNISED THAT VOICE! Gaming Merchant is that u ??
Punisher is S tier.. his turret is basically an ultimate with fast cool down.. 25 kill streaks are easy.. Not to mention his basic attacknis also damn good.
For the duelists that focus on killing other weak duelists n healers I think black panther is the best he has a better chance of wiping out multiple enemies this is only for the flanker duelists(iron fist spiderman etc)
Thor is really good when you can manage ur hammers and cooldowns properly
Merchant. Loved you on apex-Before the game went fully gae. Really stoked to see you on rivals!  Started a faction on console. Sour Farts.  Looking for ranked/tournament team.
Pairing Jeff and Luna so that Jeff shoots ice balls is so great.
Jeff is annoying af. But moon knight? BUSTED. you can just perch in a good spot and rain hell from behind.
Iron man needs buff
I always play Jeff,Black Widow and Moonight
As an fps gamer i find Punisher the best passive aggressive Hero in the game, i average 30kills per game easily. Combine it with Rocket double fire this guy just melts through people.
Loki
U sound extremely familiar
a lot of people play on controller and people that play on controller can't hit their shots with winter soldier or hawkeye, that's why you don't see them too much. KBM heros
Am I the only one that thinks Mantis is a better Luna???
Every other guide I've seen is claiming every hero is OP and a Solo carry. I've seen one saying Spiderman is OP for Christ's sake.  The only one that seems a bit much is Scarlett Witch.
Im really liking magik right now.
Thing is in most situations, you don’t even need to run off the map with Jeff’s ultimate. There are a lot of hazards where the kill zones are so close to the edge that simply aiming downward will take them out before they can do anything. Honesty even when that’s not the case, I don’t really ever go off the edge, just cause it feels dishonorable to make it completely impossible to survive. Also the few people who can make it out make really good target practice as well lol
I've been maining moonknight. I might just be bad, but i think he's not great at 1v1s with other duelist. Sure, he's got the ahnk. But the 3 round burst on his darts does less dmg per sec compared to full auto autoattacks. I get rushed down pretty easily, especially if it's a spiderman with a combo.
Hahahaha i want to kill jeff!!! this dude kept eating me because i was the biggest dps on my team and then he would jump off a cliff killing us both . I wanted to be so mad but couldn't stop laughing
you sound like korg
forgot to mention the Synergy team up between jeff the shark and Luna. grants Jeff the shark freeze ability. my friends and i run luna, jeff, and namor combo and wipe the floor with them.
What you haven’t talked about is Team Ups they’re extremely OP
Captain America needs a buff to his dps
As of right now. Cloak and Dagger with Moon Knight have a buff when together (i forgot what its called). So me and my friend will run both of them so we get good damage, and healing.
A picture of Arnim Zola is located on one of the maps. Could be added to the game as well
We need Ghost Rider in Rivlas
I'm surprised Scarlet Witch is not on the list. Like c'mon, Luna is strong but she is a skill based hero. Wanda is just broken, like Jeff.
Scarlet is too good
If you play jeff to ult and then proceed to kill yourself you aren't doing anything helpful lol 1 you fucked that kd up lol and 2 you're braindead for taking away 1 healer
Jeff seem silly in more ways than one
If you think moonknight is s tier he's not he's a one trick just like Hawkeye and luna you take away moonknights ankhs he's useless Hawkeye us Hawkeye unless he hits heads and luna snows is only valuable for her undying ult
Honestly game feels really good balancing wise, no character feels totally unplayable and OP characters don’t feel crazy good (though they are definitely better)
The comment section made me love this game even more! Everyone making strong cases for the characters they love! Making me want to try some that I haven’t played yet!
Idk why no one is talking about my warlord😭
Sounds to me like basically every character is OP. And like a certain villain said “If everyone is super, nobody will be”. It’s balanced because every person has a nuts capability. It really feels like the devs took time to make sure the characters move sets and focuses were so specific that there’s almost no crossover to the others.
Iron fist and scarlet witch are most OP. Iron fist obviously, and scarlet witch only because a handicap monkey can hold down right click and auto aim onto you the entire match
Mantis and Luna are so much better than Jeff
Jeff is just zen but better
Adam warlock not being the best healer on this list is insane
The inevitable day that Jeff get's nerfed, is the day I will cry.
so where is spider man?
My MVPs all came with Squirell Girl .... with a good healer and a tank she solos the enemy team. But she needs a buff for when she isnt with a good healer and a tank.
is this trolling? what about star lord scarlet witch and iron fist?
Play game about playing with and around your team, play anti grouping character, profit. The only downside to moon knight is that his survivability is entirely just not getting hit, aka movement, positioning, and the occasional invis off a team up
Just got this in my feed, was shocked to hear the gaming merchants voice, glad your taking in the views again bro, been watching you apex stuff for years
I like to leave the luna snow's Share the Stage onto a dive hero (venom, spidy, iron fist) so they can cause more chaos in the backline while we battle infront.
My girl storm needs a buff
2:46 no move has damage fall off in this game
Putting winter soldier in the op list just make this tierlist worthless with how many actually op character to be considered
Ngl ur dualist are a bad choice the better the enemy team is moon knight falls behind like crazy they should give him 2 aunk charges and Bucky not bad a-b teir deff better then moon knight his grab really shines for anti dive character
terrible list, best playability isnt also going to be S+ hawkeye can 1 shot half the ppl in the game but you need to hit those shots so he scales with the player just like most ppl in the game, unlike a few who are very basic and require little to no skill to use.
Punisher
JUST PUTTING IT OUT THERE!!! The luna snow tip to keep her charm on a tank is HORRIBLE. Her charm doesn't do nearly enough healing to keep a frontline like a tank alive. Better off leaving it on someone with A a ton of movement making them hard to hit, B a dive character ur not gonna see often, or C a sniper who is out of ur LoS or js hard to heal mid battle. This gives her Luna infinite more value making her distribution of heals really strong.
Something important to note on Jeff is that you really don't need to jump off the map with ult as often as you'd think. Even many characters with movement abilities will still die if you toss them while looking downwards at the edge depending on where the death box is on the specific cliff you're yeeting them off is.
The only S tier characters are the players themselves. The game is pretty well balanced with every hero being viable all you need it skill.
Loki op. First 3 times playing him I got MVP 2 times 54 kills and so much healing done
Good there is life after apex
Moon Knight is most op by far cause nobody ever breaks the damn Ankhs
I'd say most of these are better off at lower elo's, except Bucky. He is 100% 1st or 2nd best duelist in the game. Luna Snow is better than Cloak at Higher elo and Cloak better at lower. Luna has great CC so you can freeze the armored venom and then he's dead since the armor only lasts 5 seconds. Moon Knight is great against lower elo players, but if you don't bunch up too tightly and break his anhks then he is very easy to counter as literally anybody in the right conditions. I think Magik is the best easy to learn character that is also rewarding at high level gameplay as well as actually being a good pick on high level teams. Jeff is nice, but his ult is nothing compared to Luna or Mantis in regards to winning team fights when playing against organized teams.
Whos here in 2025?
you forgot about the punisher bro hhe's overpowered it's just that nobody has used him.
STORM NEEDS A HUGE DAMAGE BUFF
How is cloak and dagger not on here? And Squirrel Girl!!
The fact the entire comment section is mentioning other champions (And not the same ones) as OP explains why this game is fantastic.
Y no bow man? :(
Do not turn this into a sweat game please I beg of yall
Are you going to make a new channel for every game you play? Lmao
Buggest downside to jeff? Half your body mass counts as a headshot
You have to learn Penny parker she's so strong! I did 30+ kills with her
Hela and loki are sleepers, I be popping off with Hela and if you have a decent team Loki slaps
The unc 🗣🔥
not me only caring about the healers
Note for Jeff, since his attack has limit aoe splash damage always aim for the feet.
The Diving on jeff also makes it like 10x harder to be hit.  Its incredibly annoying honestly.
Cloak and Dagger got snubbed
Psylocke is my main, period.
Noooooo don't let anyone know Luna Snow is busted!! People are gonna steal my main! 😔
what no wolverine?
"So when you're forced to play another character" Kind of you to assume im ever getting off Wolverine
They really hit a lick on this they made the game look just like the game kids play
Buff Dr.Strange out of the boredom category
i go crazy with the punisher, switching to shotgun to 2-3 shot tanks and shooting from far away with the ar and then the abilities are nice
Glad you mentioned winter soldier   - A winter soldier main
Peni is also insanely strong right now, if played even just half decently, she - like venom - will straight up not die, although unlike venom she has a bunch of damage potential
Squirrel girl is the best.  Get someplace high.  Rain exploding acorns.  Ez mode
I hope Bucky can get a movement buff
moon knights attacks lose 20% of damage per bounce by the way, they dont do the same damage to everyone
Apex Legends Merchant?
Peni Parker is also a nightmare to deal with.
"can't play my favourite hero" bruh if the team ain't playing supports or tanks you think that means I'm gonna stop being the most useless spiderman? Lmao
I think people need to understand that tanks and healers aren’t very traditional. They’re all super aggressive characters with dps style gameplay. It makes tanks and healers just as fun
I’ve been playing a lot of namor lately and I’ve won almost every game with 30+
What are you talking about, the best part about Jeff's movement ability is clearly the little song he sings. Dun dun, dun dun, dundundun.
Who's good for my main if I prefer to be passive but will want to fight here and there best at mid-long range and has decent aim
Winter soldier with a good player is so scary + unlimited ult 💀
I think it's fair to say the gamingmerchant figured out youtube.  New channel popped off in no time
I’m sorry but thor is so slept on
The devs said they’re avoiding nerfs, focusing mostly on buffs where they’re needed.
Charzard.arcaine
hawkeye in the right hands...
Groot and Cloak/Dagger are my goats, still looking for a duelist main though. Anybody have suggestions?
the first character I olayed was squirrel girl because I watched a video about her being the most op character in the comics and I often get mvp with her😂
Gaming merchant xDDD damn I'm glad you're making videos for rivals I used to watch you all the time back in Apex season 3, great vids
Tbf I belive that every strategist are pretty strong (mantis I'm not sure because I haven't played her alot). Warlock has revives and heals wich are incredibly useful and can still do quite some damage, loki is a bit tricky but I often deal more damage as him opposed to some DPS characters. Clock and dagger are very strong too once you get the hang of it. Strategists are incredible
Only 1 tank?
Im always happy with the buff not nerf ideology when it comes to game balance, BUT, Mantis is broken af, and healing and sustain all across the board needs to be looked at and decreased. Nonetheless, I still am absolutely loving this game.
For real, Jeff is a nasty little fkr. Don't let that cuteness fool you.
I’m convinced that the devs included jeff as troll character lol
I also think punisher and iron fist are the best
I've been playing iron fist for a while now and i find him SOOOOO OP you can fly practically and lock onto enemies mid air and outputting so much damage
My issue is everyone you named is who I'd usually describe as an "overloaded character". It's not just that they're "good", some of them (moon knight, jeff) feel like they're so good you're holding back your team by picking anyone else....
People are sleeping on Loki
mantis is easily s tier it’s either that or i’m just insane
Mark my words. Social media n streamers r goin to kill the game
Are you the gaming merchant?
What’s your crosshair in training ground?
Bro. Loki is so op. What are you on about
at least peni parker is not op, cause i though she was because im almost always the best in the game even in losing games, damage wise tanky wise and objectively better than everyone, not always but about 80% of the time. and i was like she may be just too op, but guess im just too good with her it seems.
Buff Jeff
yeah nice first tipp teach ppl BM, what a gamer wow great video
Scarlet witch needs a debuff to her basic or auto aim to get turned off😅
Sleeping on punisher grapple hook shotgunning
I havnt played yet, but i pkayed a good amlunt of Overwatch. The shark is busted busted. It is the longest range healer Doesnt have damage fall off Has multiple ways to heal Has multiple ways to speed up Has vertical wall movement  What doesnt it have?!?!
ur list is garbage
hawkeye needs like more movement or sumthing
Pairing Adam Warlock ult with Jeff’s is terrible advice. If you take out 3-4 people at the cost of just Jeff, the team fight should already be easily won due to numbers advantage.  There’s no reason to waste Adam’s ult to bring back 1 person who can just walk back from spawn while the rest of the team sets up for the next fight.
Ancient Unc ability 😂😂😂
how to ruin a game; Step 1 create and establish a meta by focusing on top tier characters; thats it.
Can i play kbm on console on this game?
imma just say this… Forget about all this balance talk. I’m having a helleva good time with the game.
You made a great point about one of the hugest gripes I have with this game:  These characters are so busted that if you make a few a mistakes, it doesn't matter, you can easily get kills without thinking- or aiming with some of them. Just throw them out, see them rack up.  The most interesting characters are the melee characters and it feels like you are actually punished for finally getting past the barrage and getting up close.   Have to pop EVERY cooldown to get kill generally, meanwhile, there's Hawkeye in the back with Shark boy racking up kills with one attack.  The game is great fun but the effort for high skill versus low skill is not just night and day it's Summer and Winter  - i'd argue some characters should be ranked as 0 star difficulty rating.
Luna snow over Cloak and Dagger?
Pretty much instructions on what to nerf and why 😂
Nightcrawler would be fire
People sleeping on squirl girl  Squirl girl main over here
Yo its the gaming merchant
Squirl girl is op . I out damage and kil everyone back to back 😅🤣🤣  Im a squirl main. But play around with hawkeye and thor at the moment  Since i adjust buttons for each character im taking it slowly playing other characters
Also Jeff is 1000% getting nerfed; I don't care if the devs said they're trying to avoid nerfs for this game, they're blind if they see Jeff and think he doesn't need a nerf. No damage fall-off from any range, coupled with DPS damage is absurd.
Scarlet which needs hew auto locking to be removed tho
I will say this now, the first patch will make or break the game. By that I mean how they handle the buffs and nerfs would either make some happy and some angry. There's no in between. They made just about every character OP. There isn't a single bad character in this game, everyone is playable.
Honestly from playing jeff i think hes just gonna suffer the moira problem weak in high level play cause he provides only healing but strong in low level play cause he feels unkillable
MERRRRCCHHAANNNNNTTTT  LOVE YOUR WORK!
I love using moon knight
We're all so conditioned by Blizzard immediate balancing habits we just think good heroes are going to be nerfed. They are not Blizzard guys.
storm is so underated.
I think jeff ult needs to lower the radius by almost double, it is way to big and he can easily just clear a team trying to contest a point, and there is no way to dodge it
Can’t WAIT for them to add the joker and Batman 😩
hela not being in this list is insane
You know what else is massive?
Tank: Magneto if there’s a Wanda or Groot if you have a rocket  DPS: Winter Soldier Support: Mantis
montsh ago when played venom, never got a final blow in a good 2 hours, feeling like i was playing him optimally.
What do y’all think Loki needs buff or Nerf?  I could argue both
Bro, i was this voice sounds so familiar  ( love from apex)😂
Jeff the shark needs to be buried
ngl this game is insanely balanced already I've never seen a game with this good character balance and maybe even balance overall. All characters seem very decent. No character is really being ruled out as unplayable because it's too bad.
I tied basically as spidey but Jeff got mvp because of that ult
Honestly most of the characters are the Same in power wise the only one that I think is a little to powerful is Wanda
Hiho, i really like your video. I tryed wolverine and have to say its just awesome. Flanking the enemies and then burst down the healer or dd's feels just satisfying😊
i’ve had jeff sneak onto point and contest a bunch too he’s good for throwing off the enemy team
why is bro pronouncing ankh like that
Didn't add Thor? Fake news
I promise you, you don't need to explain why moon knight is op ( my buddy and i started the game last night and in the first 5 seconds of playing moonknight we figured out his insane combo and went ) '"well this isn't gonna be balanced"
I’ve learned while using venom, when enemies get a little too close to you, use the normal melee instead of sticking to the tendril poke
Iron fist is better then moon knight bc moon knight can't handle iron fist in a 1v1
Hela is very underrated. Good dps, range, and hitscan paired with a stun and an amazing ult.
If they’re all over powered doesn’t it make the game balanced?
JUGGERNAUT, DEADPOOL, DARK PHOENIX or GHOST RIDER will be so much fun in this game ! CABLE or BISHOP too
Not including Dr strange in this is wild . Bro is basically unkillable if you play him right
in regards to jeff- if you get 4 kills why waste adam warlock ult to win a fight thats already won? dont do that lol.
Namor needs to be reworked. His R1 is exceptionally trash, sitting duck skill, he needs mobility. The man can fly for godsake. D tier shouldnt be a thing, but it is for Namor. Luna and jeff are game winners, always happy when theyre on the team. Scarletts ulti is broken, so unless you have some mobility or skill up to get out of the way, then prepare to respawn. Also might as well say shes like punisher and all the other CoD heroes. Captain america is broken imo and he can win games, not alone, but the man can jump straight into a 1v5 whilst that team hold a point, poke and survive long enough for your own team to revive and get back to help take over control. Also his mobility is gg, he can chase you down like an annoying bish, hands down the biggest pest, more than other melee heroes. Groot is tanky asf, and just a nuisance. Better of just ignoring enemy groot and picking off the squishy ops. Moonknight is good, for the obvious.
I want my fave, Gambit to be added. So much literal potential.
My boy Loki didn’t make it 😭
I’ve been really enjoying Thor, he can be crazy fun when you keep the combos right and it’s essential you’ve got a pocket but I feel he’s abilities should either give him more health seeing he’s left vulnerable for a whole second which in tight battles almost makes the health pointless or I think he could use enhanced mobility
"ARMED AND DANGEROUS!" "AGAIN!" "AGAIN!" "AGAIN!" "AGAIN!" "AGAIN!" "AGAIN!"
You can aim where you can shoot players out with Jeff, so aim down when throwing em off the map
Bro changed his YouTube name
This game is absolute dogshit. Just the most brainless, arcade dopamine-dispenser. Sluggish and slow. Feels like controlling a tank compared to games like Deadlock.
When i heard kirikos voice while playing, I knew then and there who im going to main. Peni mains rise up. Cheers to another 69 hrs on 1 character
Want to live forever? Jesus, the Son of God, loves us so much that He died for our sins on the cross before His resurrection. With His sacrifice, our sins are forgiven and we can live in eternal happiness! Follow Jesus, repent, and live forever with Him in Heaven! To learn more, check out the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John in the New Testament of the Holy Bible.
Jeff savagely needs a nerf. He basically screws comp play savagely easily. Moon knight too. Both of them are incredibly forgiving of mistakes and good players have a super low skill floor. Winter soldier i dont think is overpowered but he is quite strong. Venom is really annoying to deal with and his shield could stand a nerf.
I feel like Hulk has needed a buff and a rework since the Beta. He's not great at anything.
I love moon knight so let because how much damage he can do to a crowd
Bla blah I’m a YouTuber I know better then everyone blah blah blah
What do y'all think about Wolverine? Out of all the characters I play I struggle the most with him, he's not the only melee character I play either
Sooooo much CONTENT WITH THIS GAME! Like if you’ve pretty much quit apex!
Im already a better Jeff than you
Luna snow is troll. Mantis, Loki and Cloak are all better with better kill potential
Before I watch the video, top 10 most OP are:  1.) Jeff 2.) Scarlet Witch 3.) Magneto w/Scarlet Witch Team up 4.) Moonknight 5.) Hawkeye & Black Widow Team up 6.) Venom 7.) Mantis, but she is team dependent. 8.) Punisher 9.) ??? 10.) ???
List is missing Iron Fist, Psylocke, and Scarlet
Take winter soldier out and put Wanda in his place.   I hate her so much, if I see a Wanda, I’m on her like syrup on pancakes.   She just a more annoying version of Moira   As a  Hulk main, I chase Wanda Down it be on Sight with her 👀💀
Is Jeff the shark to Marvel Rivals as Moira is to Overwatch?
dont forget to include crimson witch, i swear everytime i fought one they just dont look at me and my health is depleted in a second
1:45 In case no one mentioned it, you don't even need to kill yourself with Jeff most of the time. You can angle your shot slightly downward and it will "spike" the enemies at a very steep angle. Since the killboxes for the environment are so high in this game, even heroes with movement abilities or flight usually still can't escape from this.
You don’t even need to jump off the map with Jeff. You can just get to the edge as close as possible, and look down as much as you can. Everyone will die instantly, as they hit the bottom kill floor before they have a chance to use movement abilities.
Need more symbiotes. Not gonna be happy until I can play as carnage.
Not making Wolverine a take was a miss but he definitely need a buff or a better self heal
See you all im a year when esports weirdos ruin this game, but itll be a fun ride 🫡
As a Magik main I feel nothing but pain
where my venom mains at baby!! we made the video!
Holy shit I didn’t know this was Gaming Merchant until I hear those beautiful vocals. I love it
That fact that most of the comments in this is stating how underrated some characters are, highlights how good this game is balanced. No nerfs just buffs please
why would you ever be forced to play another role??
The obvious fix for Jeff is to make it so he can only swallow up one person at a time.  I can't believe they didn't think of the balance issues in grabbing an entire group of people.
"The Unc."
Most of the time with Jeff I get MVP and the most kills and heals of the game🤣 He's the goodest boy.
You need to be able to pop jeffs bubbles idk why its not already a thing
Why would I waste Adam warlock ult (takes longer than most to build) on a singular rez after the fight is already won? Bad take.
MErchanT??? FROM APEX??? LETS GOO
I followed the development of this game and knew venom would be op when this game released
Overwatch was killed by nerfing. Just repeatedly taking fan favorite characters that were fun bc of their usefulness and making them bad and boring and helpless. As the game slowed down and they spent years wasting their time on Overwatch 2 changes, theyve switched to the approach of overnerfing and overbuffing at the same exact time. Why slightly tweak a number when you can just totally change its dynamic... right?   This game already has many overpowered heroes, as they should bc theyre superheroes. As long as they slightly slightly buff the least picked characters and let the fun characters do their thing, itll be a great run.
Spiderman is insane if you're actually good with him. I've single handedly taken out full teams many times with him. He is 100% the best dps in terms of picking off enemy backline AND helping his own support.
bro does not know how to play moon knight based on the footage lmao
wanda with one button
I'm offended that you haven't included Loki in this list - bit of a learning curve but my god is he OP
Yall still sleep on the Punisher . Most OP in the game . I’ll help yall notice soon .   Loki is the second best. A good Loki user … it’s GGs
Squirrel girl and Peni Parker should be on this list, they can win games.
Great video! I would also consider Mantis as a S+ support. Her ability to buff team damage, heal, self buff is great for either pushing or holding. Check her out!
Apex is really dead isn’t it?
"Venom is one of the easiest tanks to play" Literally every single wrecking ball player knowing venom is just wrecking ball and is one of the harder characters:
1:49 one thing that people are not aware of is that you actually don't need to throw yourself you can actually aim it and if you aim straight down when you spit them they are stunned for a period of time and they will die before they can react
Moon knight is annoying because my team is blind
I didn't realize this was a "Gaming Merchant" channel. I was honestly shocked when I heard your voice. Immediate sub lol
I feel like penny better than venom
Warlock is better
I think Loki is op as well. I feel like he can solo heal if you have good clone placement
You're not seeing much of the buckster because he actually takes a little bit of brain think juice to use properly. Even I thought he was bad at first before I realised his gun wasn't hitscan and then it all clicked. Now my lobbies have ptsd over the word again
Next season we might get to play the fantastic four hopefully or they will probably release characters like overwatch which is like one every 3/2 months.
Ive basically only been playing luna snow. I like to put my share the stage on my duelists who move around a lot, and are hard to heal, I focus my healing on my tank a lot of the time cause they have big hit boxes that are easy to hit
Was waiting for the first  idiot to complain about "op" characters. Some people just hate having fun.
Jeffs ult needs some sort of nerf. Literally can ruin lobbies and comp scene
To all the people watching this without a sense of PLAY WHOEVER TF U WANT! I love spidey so i learned him. I like iron man so i learned him. Moon knights cool, ill learn him. See? Don’t need to be “S tier” to play them. YOU need to be S Tier and a skilled player to be good. That character doesn’t matter. I challenge u to learn every character and then use that to ur advantage. Become the best rival that marveled.
moon knight is easyly contered by not piling up constantly with your teammates
I commented that jeff was not the best, i played more and now i see he is the best, the most heals, nice damage, you are very hard to hit and his ult is too op
Excellent vid! Man i wish Wolverine was a vanguard. I once had a casual match as him, and got backed by two healers. I was made the defacto tank and it was awesome lol 😆! This obviously wouldn't fly in competitive, but I kinda got a glimpse of what he could've been if he was reworked. I think the in and out bullying style of venom would've been perfect for Wolverine. Especially if his "Undying Animal" ability also gave bounus health.
Peni and Sp//dr can hold down capture points with the proper webbing placement. I see a lot of people not use their free healing and charging in without webs. Used right, they're an amazing tank.
Scarlet witch 🤫
Groot and Megneto are easily the best tank
Venom is orisa
-People have dedicated their lives to money. All the funds from national taxes will eventually be used in various engineering constructions to make the country stronger. The role of money is to command humans to complete engineering construction, but when the country has no money, it cannot command humans normally. Robots are different. They can be commanded to build projects without money. They are absolutely obedient, efficient and reliable. Strengthening national strength: Human work creates taxes → the country uses tax funds to hire humans → humans build projects, and so on. AI era: national orders → robots build projects to form a closed loop. When AI is several times smarter than humans, ordinary humans and money are not required in the closed loop, and even import and export trade is no longer required. After the birth of AI, human labor force has been gradually replaced. A large number of manpower has lost value, and war has become the fastest means of "cleaning up". AI has spread all over the world, and conflicts are inevitable...  The AI ​​labor force in the United States is highly developed, while other countries still need to rely on human labor force. Labor force is the "heart" of the country. Without human support, the country will fall into weakness and become the "prey" of the strong.  The United States, which has a complete AI system, took the lead in launching a war to reduce the global human labor force. Those countries with insufficient AI labor force can only rely on human labor force to cope with it, which is precarious. The United States is so radical, which means that the United States can already rely on AI to run the country. Faced with this situation, the only way out for other countries is to accelerate AI research and development to ensure that after a large number of human labor forces are sacrificed, there will be AI labor forces to take over and continue to keep the country running.  Humans and AI can coexist, but in terms of labor force, AI labor force and human labor force are competitors. In reality, AI labor force such as autonomous driving and robots are already replacing humans. If AI research and development is accelerated, most humans will be unemployed and become waste. Waste is useless to the country. Waste is like a helpless person. The country does not need to support it. This is the evil result of developing AI. But if it stops, it will eventually be annexed by a powerful country. A powerful country has AI labor force, and does not need to capture prisoners, but only resources. The people of the annexed country will also be in trouble.  The coexistence problem between multiple systems. When one system becomes the world hegemon, it is afraid that other systems will not survive and resist. Can centralized system  survive in democracy? Can democracy survive in a centralized system? The question is how to integrate or resolve the issue peacefully. In the long run, this unresolved issue is the best way to resolve the existing contradictions.
the jeff ult tech is so skill-less and annoying really hope that gets fixed fast
scarlet witch is pretty op too and requires no skill
luna is so good man, she's been my fav character so far. had 25k heals and 15k damage last night lol
Adam Warlock needs some love man he’s so balanced & well rounded
Jeff is the best!
wtf I didn't expect TGM's other channel to be changed into Marvel Rivals channel
I was shocked to be enjoying a character that I don’t care about at all but rocket became my favorite character climbing walls shooting healing Grenada’s down then zipping to enemy’s face and blasting them and then goin escaping and healing and also pushing behind a hulk and especially when I have a groot I always have a means to escape when I’m in a close fight I say he’s a sleeper but his mini gun is lowkey the weakest part of him I wish he had a weapon swap
I was shocked to be enjoying a character that I don’t care about at all but rocket became my favorite character climbing walls shooting healing Grenada’s down then zipping to enemy’s face and blasting them and then goin escaping and healing and also pushing behind a hulk and especially when I have a groot I always have a means to escape when I’m in a close fight I say he’s a sleeper but his mini gun is lowkey the weakest part of him I wish he had a weapon swap
I was shocked to be enjoying a character that I don’t care about at all but rocket became my favorite character climbing walls shooting healing Grenada’s down then zipping to enemy’s face and blasting them and then goin escaping and healing and also pushing behind a hulk and especially when I have a groot I always have a means to escape when I’m in a close fight I say he’s a sleeper but his mini gun is lowkey the weakest part of him I wish he had a weapon swap
Love this channel I watched your apex videos since I left apex never saw u again thanks for the new channel! Much live!
Thor is the best Tank , u can take Venom easily aut with Thor
Jeff is the only broken Character….
Moon Knight is my favorite sniper counter. When they like to play a corner I throw an ankh on it and they usually just eat a full load of moonerangs and die, probably going “Wtf how?”
GAMING MERCHANT ON MARVEL RIVALSS!!!!! YESSSSS
Jeff ultimate shouldn’t grab people in the air I hope they change this
Iron Fist is probably the most op dueling character. You can just run around and use his L2 ability and ultimate ability the whole game and rack up 30+ kills.   But I also agree with the Moon Knight because his kit is ridiculous.   Hawkeye can one shot or two shot certain heroes with his high focus. He can also kill Thor with four charged shots if Thor is at full health.   Adam Warlock I think is great hybrid between healer and duelist if you’re accurate with his range attacks… if you’re not accurate with him, he’s still an op healer. I’ve literally had teams focus on killing me first before even engaging other players because I keep my team alive for majority of the game 😂   Spider-Man… well I suck with him… but he’s a problem if people know how to use him.   Magik is an underrated duelist since she has a sustainable fighting kit (regains health as she fights) plus she can teleport and send demons to fight.   I’ve seen Star Lord end up with 30 to 40 kills in some games and if he’s teamed up with an Adam Warlock… he can automatically revive.   Yeah there’s a lot of OP characters.
Cloak and daggers op if yoy can use it well. I drop 20/30k heals every game and am always top frag or near top frag
Imma jusr say it, you jeef the shark players using the ult just to die is a coward tactic
I was chilling as Moon Knight then got swallowed up by Jeff and thrown off the map haha
really surprised Namor isnt on this list. first time trying him last night, went 43/4/0 with 23k damage....which i think is good, idk i just got the game yesterday.
Been using moon knight and agree with everything you’ve said. I’ve been putting the ankh above doorways where the enemy can’t see it until they fully push through. You can get kills like this without the enemy even seeing you.
Good to see you on another game and enjoying yourself. Watched you for many years on apex, I moved on way before you did 😂
People don’t understand balancing at all. You can’t just leave certain classes at a certain level and bring everything up to it! Sure that sounds good but it doesn’t work that way. You always should have a ceiling that you’re shooting for across the board. And if a hero excels that by to much then it needs brought back down! If you just buff others up to it you cause other issues of having to many overtuned hero’s! It’s “balancing” not (nerfing) it’s like people hear something got reduced they instantly scream nerfs! It’s like discipline it sounds bad but it also is good! Some hero’s need buffed for sure but some Hero’s are overpowered and need brought down! That is just how it works!
Peni is top tier lowkey. You can cancel ults with her web shot grab, completely stall attacks, infinite mines, she’s a super counter to dive comps when set up
I played Jeff only once and I got a 4k with It's Jeff
Skipped to the duelists.
Great video and it’s notable that you didn’t include Hawkeye, the one everyone seems to be complaining about!
8:11 Ancient Unc 🗣🗣🗣
as a moon knight main that mf broken as shit i love it
TFW I logged onto Marvel Rivals to play all the iconic heroes I grew up reading the comic books of, and instead am forced to play this weird fish dog thing I've never even heard of.
The most annoying thing is when your ulting and your teammate jeff swallows you thinking his saving you and really you were about to get 5 kills from your ult
I tank because no one will gang 👉
every time I had namor in my team I lost, Namor is like having two teammates less somehow.
Moon knight is a very good counter to a pesky loki or Namor. Loki really doesn't stand much of a chance against a good moon knight
Me being a BP main destroys all of these champs but venom.
So long as everyone ignores Moon Knight he clears everyone. My only gripe with him is a slightly lower cooldown on his grapple and double jump. His movement is awful, ive played nearly 15 hours with him so far  Id much prefer he had a dash like Psylocke but it does no damage rather then a double jump but whatever.
Namor is better than everyone on this list.
11:37 What healer? I only have duelists on my team
I think ur sleeping on black panther as well if played right super hard to target and take down… and I love mantis she is op prob the 2nd best healer in my opinion and scarlet which if played well can be very trouble as well with her ult and infinite R2 melt with L2 being extra precision damage
Unfortunately, what's going to need the biggest nerf is whiny "DPS mains" on the forums, who will always complain about anything that counters them in any way.
As soon as the first character was jeff, i knew you were stupid
Moon knights ank is crazy. I was throwing it at the walls behind enemy lines or at the corners killing people behind walls without having to risk myself at all. Felt op.
Mantis is stronger than Luna.
Adam warlock?? Squirrel girl?
If you can hit headshots. Hella is HELLA OP. She 2-3 taps DPS, can melt tanks and best of all, A perfect counter to annoying flying characters. Im looking at you, Iron Man, Spiderman and Venom
moon night is unc
MAG-NE-TO!!!
Narmor is pretty strong i think.. Seen some crazy good players on high mobility heros work wonders. necros on spiderman is crazy...
Nobody is talking about how much of an issue Black Panther is either. I think it's because he's a bit harder to play.
Cloak and dagger is an op support too. So much dmg output and healing is good
Because typically heroes and villains get stronger over time rather than getting weaker. I love that approach.
If you haven't tried Scarlet witch you should give her a try, she's pretty busted.
For luna please do not mark tank, mark the flanker since that is the hero you won't be able to see/heal. You may now enjoy the rest of your day
i always thought jeff just has a long range healing beam i didn't know his beam was infinite!
They need to at least reduce the Ult holding duration of that stupid shark that just throws himself off the edge with like 4 enemies lolol
Switch to hold on Moon night he plays like Batman
Jeff is one of the worst Supports. He is just a healbot and has no utility. Luna Snow, Cloak&Dagger, and Mantis are WAY better. Moonlight and Bucky are kinda broken, yes, but Hawkeye and Hela are eons beyond them. And Venom is one of the worse Tanks, he is just the by FAR easiest to play.
nerf the shit out of healing
Peni prakrker is a great tank with flank killing hero property
Yeeting your tm8s off wa funny 😄
Imo Hela with the 20% damage this season makes her a huge threat from range. Landing just body shots feels like it does a ton of damage, not to mention one headshot and the enemy is running back for heals.
I personally would put psylocke above winter solder and I think wolverine has serious potential catch ANY character alone and you can kill them
psylocke wipes everyone on here
Mantis is a must
Bro Moon Knight in the right hands is an absolute  m e n a c e.
I hope they nerf Moon Knights ankh. Abilities that require no aiming are really annoying to get killed by. It's like some heroes in this game are specifically made for people with little mechanical skill.
This is going to be a balancing nightmare for the devs
its awesome to see how that one channel pretty much COPIED your Settings Tips video, so u Uno Reverse and copy his S Tier Heroes video buuut you put your own spin on it and execute it much better and more genuine. Lmao good work bro
Let's not gloss over Scarlet Witch having a range of 19m for her auto lock suck attack, AND has damage scaling based on target's health.  She needs a little tweak on that, she can solo tanks like butter
Hawkeye melts venom. He’s so easy to counter with him. I usually make the enemy venom switch off when I go Hawkeye in comp games. I agree with most of this list but not venom. He’s strong but definitely not op and he’s easy to deal with Hawkeye
Bro i love the game but its played by like 15 people
Penny parker is by far the best tank imo. She gets like unlimited spider bots,good at crowd control, and tankiness on par wirh venom
Jeffs ult has no weaknesses. Its hidden, it does constant damage, its a massive aoe, its very fast.  I would remove the damage from the ult and make the radius smaller. The cc is still very strong.
These arent s tiers.....
With a good backline healer, Dr Strange is actually pretty good. What a lot of people don't know is that while his projectile reload is slow, he can use Melee with the V key. If anyone is in melee range, which should be often considering he's a tank, use that key and kill knock em out! I've gotten a few kills this way. Not to mention his super tanky shield that can block a ton of DMG and even ults
Something not mentioned: using Luna Snow's Absolute Zero ability on flying enemies knocks them out of the sky and freezes them. So make sure to use this on any flying enemy that is being a nuisance. (In some causes, it'll cancel their ult; for example, Iron Man's ult)
Squirrel girl. Her damage is absolutely nutty.
big vouch on luna snow she is busted
Hela seems very strong, but because her kit is so simple people overlook her.
No clue why everyone thinks Jeff is S tier. He only has his ult and nothing more.
Jeff is buuuuuuusted
This may sound like a joke to many, but *Starlord* is incredibly slept on. If you take the time to learn him as a character, and what his abilities can do, (for me it took about 1 hour playtime) you can seriously do a lot of damage, especially with his second ability, and his ult is just downright aimbot for 8 seconds, which you can use to shred about 3 enemies on average. He's also very slippery with his jet boost ability and can get out of dangerous situations with the dodge-jumps. Overall, he's a very easy-to-use and masterful hero, that won't get taken by other players, would recommend people try him, from my experience at least. (Ranked player with 30 kill average games).
Yall sleep on spiderman
Can we as gamers stop using the term OP?  Try using strong instead.
Bucky Is genuinely insane. By far my Fav High skill hero
I agree that the Winter Soldier is good, I play him a lot. Other characters you mentioned I haven't really learned/played as much. Personally I think the most overpowered character is punisher. His SMG shoots fast and has good range, his shotgun is deadly at close range, his mounted machine gun can wipe a squan fairly easily, and his ultimate is insanely overpowered. Also his rocket teamup is good as it gives him infinite ammo and he shoots faster for even quicker kills. His only downsides are his low health, which can be solved with a healer, and his sub-par grappling hook, which bounces you off the wall.
Iv heard this voice somewhere before 👀
this game's balancing is almost as trash as ow1-beta balancing
Shhhhhh, don’t get my Pup nerfed lolol. I will say flying characters are his bane. Hard af to hit a mobile iron man. But regardless…..My names Jeff!! lol
Nice video but hey man don’t hype up Jeff he’s not that great I destroy him . I tried that no need to give false information, I have the people I play with that pick him are absolutely terrible and don’t even even heal this community is filled with trash DPS wanna be players just like overwatch
I main venom but when I get the chance I’ll play Psylocke and she’s great I would definitely put her up in the top 10
Jeff is bar far the most busted and that is by design I think.  In OW I never played anything besides healer because nobody else ever wanted to fill that role. In MR there is always a Jeff. The character design is just so darn adorable it encourages at least one healer.  Now make that healer very good at their job and a solo Jeff can get the job done pretty efficiently if he isn't getting hunted down by a spiderman.  I personally prefer Mantis, but I have seen a lot of Jeff's being played so I'm actually able to play Dps for a change which is very,  very nice.
Protect Jeff at all costs🙏
Man I disagree on Jeff. His ult is the only real game changer about him.
Mercy simps rise
I average 23 kills a game
When’s cloak and dagger gonna get love no one talks about them 😂
What I love about marvel rivals is you can make a case for almost every hero to be at least high tier. Even the weakest heroes in the game have a lot of use cases. Meanwhile in overwatch, you’re pretty much punished for not playing whatever 9 heroes are at the top of the meta, or being a literal god with an out of meta pick.  Even the worse hero in the game (Namor) can be good in most area control comps with his kraken turrets
I’m surprised no Hawkeye, he’s extremely deadly, but maybe it’s because a shield is all that is needed to counter him?
I think you overlooked hela in this video. I think she is probably the best dualist in the game with an insane damage output, great escape/ mobility ability, a cc (stun) ability and a great ult!
for jeff, you can environmental kill enemies with mobility even without jumping off. all you have to do is go to the ledge and angle the spit down and the kill zone is so shallow they die before they can react 90% of the time
Winter Soldier has become my favorite. His ult is essentially infinite.
Peni is my favorite tank and I have the most fun playing her. She has area denial, escape ability, a pretty decent ult, a stun, and THE NEARLY UNLIMITED MINES. What’s not to love.
The big problem with the winter soldier is that he is to easy of a target because of his movement. Also what about Squirrel Girl? That hero is absolutly bonkers.
I'm not usually an advocate for nerfing, but Jeff's burrow ability needs a cooldown. They are so hard to hit when underground and it's unreasonable that he can do it over and over again while also being an OP healer and damage dealer
Hawkeye is a sleeper pick because of his damage and ultimate
Hawkeye def should be here, even though he is hard af to use the ability to two shot a 650 character and three shot a 800 is not something to sleep on. Not to mention that every other character can just be one shot to the head he is insane if you get your aim down
For luna I generally passively heal spiderman Ironman or magik etc people are either diving dashing or flying out of my general line of site  or who can be hard to track (venom as a tank fits this too)
I disagree with some of these.  Jeff? No, not really. He just has running away and a dumb ult on his side.   Luna? Nerf her please.  Moon knight? Overrated imo, just don't stand close and he is useless. Other dps are way stronger: Hela, Star Lord, Hawkeye, Iron Fist are all better in terms of damage, survival, ult.  Winter Soldier feels also a bit overrated, strong abilities and ult, but you just have to play around them and he is also useless. Save Luna or Mantis  ult for his, play shield/dive and what can he do really?  Venom? Nah, this guy is NOT that strong imo. Maybe unkillable, but what else does he bring? A useless ult. Lower damage. No protection to allies. Other tanks are better imo: -Cap is a dps with  800 hp and crazy movement, does the same thing as Venom, but with more dps and a better ult. -Peni Parker is crazy at holding positions, can stop ults, secure kills, trap, get a looooot of hp and healing and also has better ult.  These 2 are better imo, the others I can't really judge.
If the devs of this game is not dumb they should as soon as possible create a mobile ver. Of this game else a Chinese knockoff will take their supposed market share. If they cant at the moment, atleast they must announce that they will port it to mobile soon to kill the hype for knockoffs.
I completely DISAGREE with the Luna Snow vs Cloak and Dagger assessment. Luna requires good targeting, otherwise teammates will not get healed. Dagger's heal auto tracks both teammates and enemies. And C&D is more straightforward than first meets the eye. Their abilities are analogous to each other so there's no danger of confusing them. The only thing Luna has over C&D is the ult.
Games more fun then overwatch2
It's kind of disappointing to see how your video kind of encourages inpatient players to go DPS as Support. If they are unsatisfied with the team performance.  A team with a support that thinks they can do DPS but sacrifices healing focus can make a team fail because the team maybe needs more healing instead a support DPS.  Marvel Rivals stands out because of its roles matter more in casual play like roles matter in League of Legends. You don't go support jungle without there is a chance that the team suffers.  I think that is the one point Marvel Rivals seperate it self from Overwatch.  Baldurs Gate and Diablo are both RPG games, but not the same. Marvel Rivals and Overwatch is both hero Shooters but still not the same.  They just look similar but has base dynamics, mechanics and synergies that make each game unique.
IMO no point is reviving Jeff. He has his ability to move faster to get back before the enemies, and if I take out 3-4 and my team cant take out the other 2. Thats on them. Winter Solider is insane, one of my favorites.
Ahhh we meet again gaming merchant. From apex now to marvel rivals.
Plz Nerf iron fist PLZ PLZ PLZ he always kills me 😢😢
u sound like a spec mate
Thank GOD you didn't give up my beloved Hawkeye Demon 😈🏹🏹
Really think they should do something about Jeff. He's literally in every game and there's like no counterplay to his Ult.
Old gen console players who can’t play but will watch any marvel rivals video that is on their feed 👇
venom basic not powerful? you can miss and by repositioning the tentacles still hit the target, low hp enemies are easy killed by aggressive venoms spamming without aiming
Iron Fist is the best character if you can play him sincerely iron fist main
Luna snow has been my favorite character. I usually like snipers and black widow is my second most played but everybody plays duelist and nothing able to oneshot anybody is kind of a let down. Feels like they wanted to make sure she wasn’t meta so people weren’t getting domed left and right. I get it though because it can be boring. I still have fun on black widow though. Spider man has been destroying me though and that’s with both Luna snow and widow. At least I can fight back with Luna snow by freezing him and head shots
that 1st one walking off the map really tilts me i see so manny  people do this in ranked annoyed how cheap it is
1:52  bruh  1 go to the edge 2 look down in the void 3 shoot, most of the time it is not a good idea trow your self of the map
penny parker... penny parker is insanely beefy and underrated
Just have fun Try hard and you wont enjoy your time
you can use it again  AGAIN   AGAIN   AGAIN
The best thing about the 2 supports you mentioned is that they get a team up with each other! So they’re definitely the duo to go for supports!
Broken. Overpowered.  Nerfs.  I hope the balance bros leave this game alone.
4:52 bro is saying that I could be replaced 👀 I don't think so I'll stay the best Luna Snow player x) (I'm not joking I'm really the best Luna player! At least I was during beta so I think I'm still)
For Venom, how should I be using the dive bomb on F key (Frienzied Arrival)?
When I first started playing the game a few days ago, my first 5 rounds or so were with Jeff... I was questioning my enemy and thought they are all bots. Seems playing him is just playing on easy mode.
Cloak and Dagger I would say is better than Luna, I stay getting 20+ kills with them , healing, assists and rarely die , the can also save teammates from dying with cloak . Constantly getting mvp.
I would agree with your list. Though i would say that winter soldier is on par with hawkeye or maybe hawkeye is a little better,he gets kills so effortlessly and provides huge assistance to the team without risking himself a lot. Tho his negative is slow movement he nullifies it by his great defense abilities such as the shift, the deflect and the explosive arrows.I think that although he only hits one target at a time,he is a little better than winter soldier.
I think scarlet witch is OP. It could just be that I'm usually using her
Lmao Moon Knight isn't op at all. He's easily shut down and seems very squishy. Hela is more OP than Moon Knight, especially at higher levels
A damn reviving Jeff after an ultimate is a horrible tip
i main winter soldier so i already know his team wiping capabilities. i have wiped teams more times than i can count with his ult being able to slam 5 times in a row. so good
4:43 Luna Snow is amazing. Just like Jeff she has a strong kit that allows her to play both Duelist and support. I tend to play kinda aggressive with her since she has mobility to get out of certain situations
Jeff needs a nerf
9:09  the transition was super smooth  🤌🤌🤌
as a Jeff main with already 20 hours I must admit that I think he's way too op but honestly he's balanced at the same time when you compare him to the others
Gaming merchant carried me to masters in apex now he’s gonna help me with marvel rivals I have already made it to master in overwatch so I understand the games mostly but still the guides help me understand the game better
Storm is my favorite glass cannon by far. She can solo two tanks at once in her lightning state & her ult literally clears the map. A close second is Scarlett widow cause she’s basically Moira from OW. Extremely easy kit to learn & devastating damage potential. Her ult is also just D.va’s nuke Lmao
Scarlet witch is no skill with her main attack not being required to aim and her super is literally a free squad wipe
When you get a good jeff the shark paired with a good groot then your unstoppable. I went 27-6 with jeff while playing on a good groots back and we just wiped out the lobby
I just want them to enable Namor to fly, not glide, not hover, not falling down with style, just...fly.
I recognised the voice and subscribed immediately
i wish i had a a team to play with =C
My peni parker is op as a zoner , divers just don’t understand don’t dive peni in web lol
Personally I think moon knight is good, but his value will decrease the smarter the playerbase gets. He reminds me of symmetra. Fantastic at low ranks, and still good at high ranks but the diff between high and low ranks is high rank players will destroy his ankhs as quickly as possible. Low rank players just let them sit around and moon knight players do w.e. they want, just like symmetra in overwatch. Bad players left her turrets alone, making her seem incredibly busted.   I think moon knight players will have to get creative eventually in order to get value off of him once the community gets smart to his bullshit. His movement is slow and tied to cooldowns so he's really easy to bait out and get jumped by duelists with much better mobility. His fire-rate is slow enough up close that without an ankh, he's got a really tough time defending himself once jumped. He also has a pretty lack-luster ult on top of all this.   He's strong, but VERY beatable imo. He's a product of the playerbase skill level atm. Give it a couple of months, and he'll drop down to A tier, even with zero changes to his kit.
rocket also makes winter soldier much better with infinite ammo for a short time...
That Adam Warlock tip with Jeff sounds awful, if you get a team wipe, then wasting an ultimate is terrible. The Jeff should just walk back
Cloak and dagger?
And would love a sprint button added for all characters
Wait, where’s iron man
Hulk is a absolute beast to solo tank if u play him aggressively great attack and defense kit
Would love to see quick silver added
Loki is a top tier healer when you know how to use him. You keep 2 clones down at all times and damage/heals stack. Had a game with 42 kills with him and was keeping my team alive throughout the whole ordeal.
Iron Fist and Star Lord are both pretty scary.  Penny also an insanely good tank, those mines are nuts.
The fact you didnt put Mantis here... FAKE S tier list.
I love to Play with Squirrel Girl😂
Is Hela just not played or what, she's my otp damage dealer and from what ive seen, shes the strongest duelist by far - best 1v1 out of any character (maybe tied with Magick) and auto win teamfight ult.   This is also the first time I completely disagree with a list.
Im here for the support 😅 I main support
Cloak and dagger S tier for me. Can easily solo heal with 25k healing and funnily enough i prefer soloing healing as them.
I played mostly supports and I find Mantis/Adam Warlock to be slightly better than Jeff/Luna. Every single match I played with these 2, I instantly got MVP and outdpsing most of the dueslits while still playing the support role. Mantis can give your team not only massive heals and healing over time, but damage boost, she can also boost herself and do some serious dps, the better your aim, the more rewarding it will be because you get a leaf everytime you score a headshot. She lacks mobility, but if an enemy try to 1v1 you, they should be dead if you hit your shots. Adam Warlock is game changer, his passive is very handy because he lacks mobility, but his ultimate is the old Mercy from OW1, being able to revive all your teammates is nuts. With soul bond and bouncing heals, he can output high amounts of heals. If you charge his staff, the damage output is absolutely ridiculous, you'll feel like a sniper.
You said Jeff can heal easier ? Luna snow can passively heal someone while healing the rest of the team and freeze any diver and has an ult that’s basically a Zen ult it just doesn’t stop 1 shot ults
I must have been playing with Jeff the goldfish because all I've experienced is them going 1-13
Thumbnail made me think this was warframe smh 😂
hawkeye should not be able to one shot certain hero's especially if black widow can't
Im not saying he is overpowered or anything but I've played 2 games with namor and I really like him he is fun and pretty decent the one game i went 37-8 with 10k damage reflected and over 25k damage a decent kit with an ult that cancels movement abilities
One thing he forgot to mention is combos and for winter you can grapple, uppercut, and then hit them with pistol
winter soldier is my main dps, very good against flanker, so i can defend my healer easily
I just realized because I was susceibe to cozy in the last 2 years , and the algorithms always combined your videos, I never subscribe
Luna is great I agree but definitely think it should have been C&D. They literally don't have to aim to heal or damage. All I have to focus on is getting my abilities right and when taking aim out of the equation it's easier to do that. I honestly feel like I'm cheating when I play cloak and dagger because it looks hard but once you've got the abilities down it's easy mode! I adore this game so far!
a
a
Adam Warlock is hands down the best hero in the game dk why you did not include him, he does outheal and outdamage jeff
Idk ı carry hard wıth ıron man
Punisher is op
I’m a groot main and I think he op I was the only tank player in my team and I was against a venom and Thor and pretty much won by boxing them up and killing them faster and most other heroes groot is my goat bro
Oh wow Gaming Merchant doing Rivals videos ? Loved your content on Apex , keep up the good work!
Venom actually rewards good aim, his main attack can do 160 dmg if you hit headshots, which isn't unrealistic with his slowing tentacle, meaning a good venom can 2 shot a squishy  Also his diving slam also does more damage if you land directly on the enemy  And you can perform the dive really quick without the swing if you go up to an wall, run on it for a split second, instantly turn around and jump of it. I would say he is easy to learn, hard to master
I had 37 kills as cloak and dagger.  Love me some dagger 😅
Ma man Jeff's doing gods work man
Nah I knew moon knight was nuts I lowkey may have someone on my squad to run cloak and dagger though cause going invisible for him is so good
Moonknight is the biggest mockery of a character ever created
Scarlett witch is so good too, I drop 30+ kills consistently with her
I have heard that Thor is S to literal God tier, but to rarely use his hammer throw.
I don’t think winter soldier or moon night needs nerf because they are tricky to play but maybe Jeff the land shark
“People don’t realize Moon Knight is op…” - meanwhile every quick match and ranked match has a moon knight haha. I don’t mind, I main cloak n dagger
I think psylocke is really great too, my first game on i had a 15 streak just flanking and getting in and out of fights
Just play iron fist.  You'll wipe the floor with any hero that can't fly away
Some objections with this video.  Jeff, all good, undeniably the best character in the game  by a long shot.  Luna snow? Yeah, she is good but  she is not really OP, no support is really OP other  than  Jeff to be honest, Mantis it's also really good especially with how easy  she is but if they have a good  flanker you cannot play the game at all as mantis.  DPS:  Moon Knight? His  damage is really  op but it's super conditional and if the enemies have 2 tanks (one of them going all over the place like venom) and the other one stationary and with a flanker+dps comp then his richochet attacks are barely notice-able, in reality he's very good against Loki or just noobs in general.  Winter Soldier: My main for now, he's  extremely good, his damage and takiness are ubnoxious and if your aim is good and you land your headshots this character is insane, the ultimate is a bit over-rated because  there is too much stuff to counter it if you're a good player (random shields, random heals or invulnerabilities). Either way  Luna snow is my biggest enemy if I play winter soldier.  I would honestly put spiderman as the best DPS in  the game (flanker role) if you play him well, I've seen the POV of some godlike spiderman players and that character feels a bit unfair at times.  For the tank, Venom it's easy but it's not tanking as much as others and I feel like hulk does the exact same job but better with more utility.  You can charge ur jump at all times, even when you attack/fight, therefore you can always hold your jump button while  hitting the enemy and release it to catch up to them if they try to escape or run away if you get  on the  lower side, hulk's mobility as no real cooldown therefore I find him stronger than Venom.
surprised i didnt see iron fist which i see people complain about
I was wondering why this man's voice sounded so familiar, and I just realized this is The Gaming Merchant's Marvel Rival's YouTube Channel. I'm glad homie is branching out to other games. I enjoyed his Apex Legends vids but I haven't played that game in almost TWO years LOL so because of that I hadn't kept up with his vids and now I can keep up with him through Marvel Rivals! Fuck yeah!
Namor took the entire Avenger cast and yet they got him walking/playing like a Wakanda female warrior. The No flying and 2 secs wing-hovering is just cruel. 😂 😂
Plsss guys for the love of the community and this game. Play whoever you want to or whoever is your favorite Marvel Character 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼. Don’t let the game become a meta infested sweat fest. Keep having fun and play whoever you want to and however you want to 🤌🏼
Punisher needs some better abilities u mean im the punisher and all i can do is shoot, shoot a smoke grenade and zipline? Dumb
They need to make widow be able to one-shot
I rarely comment on videos. Here's one :) Very good advices, I'll try to main Jeff and Moon Knight from now on!
Cap is really underrated and may get a buff soon
Hawkeye is honestly crazy he one shot headshots and he has his 3 explosive arrow mode too. He also has 1 attack that shoots an arrow which is just stronger than the normal one and he has a slash that knocks back enemies and it has a big hit box. He has the double jump. And his ult is pretty good cause u can just shoot at the things (I forgot the word) and it deals damage to them way easier.
Jeff cant throw off map anyone in ranked
If you've thrown 3 players off with Jeff, why waste Adams Ult? You've already won the fight.
jeff is alread at the chopping block so next patch we will see if they will nerf him to the ground
Hawkeye can be pretty ridiculous if you can make every shot count.
I once went 30 and 3 as Jeff plus all the healing. It was a very good match.
9:58 I picked up winter soldier today, he’s pretty good. I was looking for a McCree and bro is good. It did help that I had a 50% accuracy with him  Edit: I like reeling in tanks to isolate them from their team
Bro dont tell everybody about winter soldier i need this pick
Lmao it's the gaming merchant. Awesome seeing your marvel rivals content. Subbing for ya
I don’t think anyone in particular is THAT strong, there’s too many factors in play rn. If your team is just randomly picking characters and doing their own thing, you aren’t going to get a lot of leverage out of any of the heroes- Same with if the other team is just really strung together, a lot of characters rely on hit and run because of the low ttk- you’re not gonna be able to utilize a lot of characters if you never get a chance to advance.  Widow for example IS really good if no one ever bothers her and allows her to stay in the back sniping, but if you have someone harass her all game then she’s pretty much useless because she loses her strongest aspect.  Besides maybe Jeff, everyone is pretty balanced or at least situational and map dependent.  It’s not like Overwatch where you start losing and people pull out Moira/Zarya/Mauga/or Orisa. At least to me rn, there isn’t a single particular hero that can carry a bad team.  Moonknight has the same problem as Widow it’s just way more safe because you can angle his ability to let him ricochet shots from around corners or behind walls- but he still loses most encounters in a 1v1. If literally anyone harasses him and makes him lose his positioning he loses overall dps and he loses his crowd control since he won’t be focused on ricocheting shots to keep groups off objectives.
luna snow is the marvel rivels loba to...
Moon knight trash
The other tanks should be as good as venom
Having played about 20 games last night I did notice there were more and more moon knights in the games towards the end, so I think people are realising how powerful he is. Jeff is the bestest land shark there is, I say this as someone who is leaning towards playing Luna, he's so cute! For me the two I've encountered that are pains are Iron Fist and Spiderman, I just can't deal with the dive on them (especially if I miss my ice throw).
Rocket is extremely underrated. High healing, a revive ability, great damage up close, and he can give bucky and punisher infinite ammo. His damage at range is poor but he makes up for that with great damage up close and a fast dash.
I thought I recognised this voice
Cap and Thor considered to be weak, but hell no they are. Cap is incredibly mobile for a tank, he can even compete with venom - he have infinite sprint, can jump really high, no cooldown, can dive from height like venom, have pretty strong basic attack that can become distant attack, have personal shield that can block a lot of damage and then quickly recharge, another charge with cc at enemy and shield bounce.    Thor on the other hand can be very tanky thanks to him getting 100hp shield every time he spends his thorforce, and if you’re good at the game you’re constantly spending and getting thorforce. So basically you’re like venom who gets shield, but instead of one bulky shield with cd you have almost infinite small shield - just take cover sometimes, fly on your hammer to avoid damage - you don’t even need to hit someone to get your shield. Also when Thor is awakened he becomes a menace and can melt entire team pretty effectively.
I'm excited for Cyclops and other famous characters, this game is so good!
Characters they should add. Silver Surfer, Gladiator, Ghost Rider, and Carnage.
Yes pls let's not promote nerfing rather than buffing other characters
They should add a mechanic when you get eaten by jeff to hurry and tap a button to escape and they should shorten the time eaten by like 1-2 seconds
I've played tank ever since the game dropped, sure its not that long but I can say Groot is a pretty solid tank combined with jeff the shark teamup ability where they both receive a damage reduction if jeff is on top of Groot. Groot also has great survivability being able to use his walls (mostly the E one) to block ults like punishers or ironmans or any projectile-like ultimate. And you can also cage a tank, lets say they're rushing towards you, you aim a wall behind the tank to separate him from the rest of the team. The ultimate is great too, very good stun, sets up easy ult combinations with the rest of your team, great enough to wipe out the entire team if used right.
The only nerf jeff needs is to be forced to gamble when he swallows teammates as well as enemies.  There shouldn’t be a separate button to release teammates at all.  Either jump off and kill both, or release everyone.
1:53 HE FUCKIN SPIT OUT ALLIES OFF THE GODDAMN CLIFF
one thing i learned about moon knight recently, the grapple don't just take you to the spot you shot at, you can just shoot it to the ground and it will still launch you quiet high
Moon knight will suck the more peopel learn to shoot the aunts over half his power is in that ability along and if it's taken out you lose so much it's not even funny their are so many and I mean so many better dps. Mind you I love moon knight jes fun but people are just dumb and will learn to shoot the aunk
Scarlet witch is ridiculous. I was dropping 40 kill games. Holding down one button. Her ultimate wipes whole teams. She is the most effortless character in the game. Been having a lot of fun with venom and iron fist.
Venon is good but Groot, Magneto and Doctor Strange are the top tanks and the ones used at high ELO
Loki is far better than Luna Snow, consistent heals with clones, AOE heal ability, untargetable invis ability, tricky swap back n' forth. Loki is capable of keeping the entire team alive by himself all while avoiding sneaky duelists trying to take him out in the back line
It's always funny to hear how bad dps players are and how you need to do your job and their job on tank/healer characters.
again........again...........again
If you pick Jeff your gay
Dont know if I agree with the Moon Knight approach. Yes, his kit is pretty decent and works around itself in a very good way, but countering him is a pretty easy task.  Break his totem and his ricochet damage cuts considerably Play splitted and his damage potential is cutted by a ton Pick a flank hero or dive comp and he struggles to play  You can argue that the other heroes have his downsides as well, but they fit in every game. Moon knight impact is way more harmed by his downs. I'm putting Starlord on his place because he's easier to play and the hero can play flanking, front to front, has good movement and a great ultimate, as well as having a very good damage output.
Gaming merchant? Is that you
scarlet witch is broken…went 40/5 a handful of times and been going 25/5 or better regularly
I respect the list, but I’m still convinced Adam Warlock is the most broken character in the game
My thor shuts out venom 😂
imagine your first words...all my games in quickplay are 5 dps instat lock...love it :) ranked would be the same for sure :(
No spiderman or iron fist?
Best part about this video is that the game is balanced enough for all the comments be about "no, this hero is op, actually." And it's a different hero every time. From what I got from this, every hero is op on his own way, which is great!
Bucky is amazing at bottlenecking. I started off as him because he's a generic OtS shooter, but learning his crowd control makes him so satisfying to play. Love cornering people with his L1 to L2. I'm not great with his ultimate, but it's OP in the right hands.
Man made another channel, apex is truly dead now huh? Godspeed man, you absolutely deserve it.
Need faction members and people to run competitive with 💯
I found Cloak and Dagger to be surprisingly good. They can be a pretty good support with a long range Basic Attack, or a okay-ish dps with an auto target like Scarlet Witch. They may not be the best in the game, but I think they're pretty good.
Lol sleeping on punisher. I have a video on my page of a 49 kill 15 kill streak win. Punisher w rocket raccoon is OP if you have placement and know how to use properly.
My favourite thing about winter soldier is the fact that grapple, uppercut, 2 body shots is a true tod against most characters
I wouldn’t hate Jeff as much if you could actually fucking hit him while he’s submerged
I dropped 55 kills with moon knight in one game a day or two ago it was great
I didn't even realize how moon night thing work i always thought it just 4x his bounces
You guys are seriously sleeping on Spider-Man. Sure he is hard and that 5 star difficulty aint no joke but hes a master of mobility and assassination. He could just swing there, shoot a tracker, pull himself to the guy shot with the tracker then land an amazing combo. Not to mention his ultimate which is an AoE that goes 360 degrees
You know the game is extremely well balanced when different people have different op lists
It’s been a while since I’ve played apex so I’m glad to hear your voice again Mr merchant
absolutely hate how busted the healers are rn especially jeff, no one dies. And when jeff is on either team it just drags on way too long its broing asf, but the game is really fun when theres no jeff on either side
Honestly, I think Jeff is unironically one of the best well-done characters. I don't think he's absurdly broken, and a lot of Jeff's I come across don't get too many kills. And Jeff is not hard to play him the way they intend his gameplay to be like. I think Jeff is sort of a jack of all trades type character. And his ult is not always a guaranteed kill if the map doesn't have cliffs.  Also, Moon Knight is hella broken he has such crazy damage potential. I think most of the characters in this game are really solid for what they can do or are straight up broken.
HeyWe don't need everyone to know the strong, strong people
Loki is Op....you can be in 3 places at once, and have access to every at least 10 different Ults....and if u die...its because u failed to see the whole battlefield....cant hit that support behind the tank...drop a clone behind him....and blast away
More moon knight tips: The ankhs dont just knock people up but they pull them towards the ankh. Ypu can use this to set up your ult or pulling/pushing someone to/away from you.   Aiming the grappling hook at the ground and then using it will make you fly up into the air as a kind of super jump that can be better than just aiming at a structure.
Reason Bucky not seen often cause people suck at survival there not good at it yet once they get better all hog mains will come for Bucky next 😂😂😂
the ANKH, not UNC LMAOOO
What’s insane is iron fist has A tier movement speed being able to chase down anyone that has dashes or flight (as long as he has his lunge and jumps) I can out damage and out tank Wolverine and venom and take out flyers like storm and iron man but JEFF?? Haha that boy Jeff lemme tell u, I straight up found him in the backline and as soon as I hit him he started tunneling and I chased his ass for one minute. Hitting him every 2 seconds ( give or take 1) and he NEVER died. Around buildings and scaling skyscrapers, it was only when I left him and returned 10 seconds later and caught him off guard that I was able to kill him. Shits was crazy
As a moonknight main he's not op insane but he's INSANELY versatile. Hes just really fucking good
Found out Iron fist can parry doctor stranges ultimate. A strange tried to solo ult me but i parried that shit
moonknight I agree how many times am I healing in the back and oh im dead and have no idea wut hit me, wasnt even an ult?  and im instant dead? ok moonknight.  Jeff is the sleeper best healer in the game I think I realized this today before watching this video.  hes just always on par with any healer in any situation, Literally any team comp, any map, any game Jeff is a good pick he is the most diverse also he can brawl, he can range, he can poke, he can dive and also help a retreat and yet I don't even think he is op except for his ult for easily diving and taking points back.  I think Loki is low key really good for specific maps where you are defending point or chokes and if you are getting dove by tanks I think people will figure out how to be really good with loki soon when the general community discovers dive meta.
I've been maining Dr. Strange, 800 health shield that can block scarlet witches (and others) ultimate, a portal that can help your whole team flank and and ultimate that can stun the whole enemy team if used right! Although it never seems to work on the punisher if he's on the turret... not sure if a bug or not.  Maybe not the best tank hero but if your team plays round you and protects from any melee based hero's you can tank a lot of damage, 25k usually a game for me rn.
Hawkeye is pretty underrated. If your aim is good you can rack up kills like crazy. Same with magik get her play style right n you’ll be racking up kills
They should add draft pick for ranked... Or is it already available?
Iron Fist obviously.
Buff Pyslocke ffs
Another thing to note with Luna snow, if you use share the stage with a very good moon knight player who knows how to use anks and your team is staying healed 24/7
No matter how good they play all these op characters but they stand no chance against a good iron fist
i would add hawkeye too he is pretty annoying with his dumb shots
The thing with this game is that most of the heroes are good to the point that you can use any and thrive with them. I love playing Dr Strange
there are jewelists in this game?
Not having hawkeye on here is crazy. Everygame has him with 20+ kills. Dude accidentally one shots squishies and shreds tanks.
Dr strange is OP
I remember in fighting years ago when something was overpowered it was for shits and giggles never ranked or tournament use idk why we dont do that isnstead of taking people well thought idea and trying to make changes i what you want lole no this why i lole games like cuphesd cuz you dont hear this nonsense. Overpowered mf ssfblue gogeta is overpowered get people love the guy like stop its a skill issue learn to play roles better and youd he fine i dont even play the game and ik this is the case just like a pokemon unite same shit stop changing shit leage vanilla alone
I mean yes… but Magik go brrrrr
The have done an awesome job on this game. Every role is fun imo. You can find at least 1-2 characters in every role that you like
Moon Knight and Hawkeye have been my two mains so far, they nasty
Not even a mention of Loki is criminal
I feel like starlord is super strong. His damage is really good and his kit lets him get in and out quickly. Plus his Ult is strong too. I’ve gotten multiple team kills with it.
I am glad you're switching to this game from Apex ! Looking forward to more guides from you.
1:55 are you like mentally challenged?? if jeff gets a 4k with his ult, lets now waste ANOTHER ULT just to get 1 person back up. wow that's rly smart, stay to apex
Imo moon knight is good but scarlet witch need to be in this video
Get me the crosshair code of this guy please 🙏
My statistics not showing for my characters anyone else going through the samething?
Some people need this video and many more like it. Getting aggravating running solo queue’s just to see y’all pick some of the SLOWEST hero’s with some of the worst aim to combo it out
No peni parker love. Rough to drop and cam do some nice damage with the mines
Jeff is a beast even better with the ice shot, nearly at Lord on Jeff, great character.
Jeff needs to go I won't lie
Jeff ulti is OP af for team wiping or pocking down objectives. I can imagine how much nerd rage ppl have when i suicide with them and do it multiple times in a game
Luna is being slept on tbh, 20k heals is not an exception with her and her ult is a great counter to aoe ults when your team is lumped together. The damage boost side of her ult as well is just phenomenal.  Maining Luna and Jeff, seeing them here in this vid does NOT surprise me at all.
Surprised Thor isnt on this list. Hes a bit more mechanically intensive, but damn he's an absolute unit. I've won multiple fights while outnumbered 2 sometimes 3 to 1 just because of his constant bonus health and ridiculous damage.
Moonnight with his quirky abilities…OP.  Winter solder with his handcannon and robotarm…OP.  Iron Fist with his ability to self heal, tank whole team’s damage to literally become a Tank, run on walls, can do triple jump, jump around enemies while attacking and being impossible to hit, ultimate that not only make his unstoppable (if he max out on 500 hp) and get continuous health as he kills…Not OP!   I rest my case!
Moon knight is great
Dude I killed my whole team.  😅 with jeff
I hate Jeff
every character is op and i love it lol
That poor mantis on your team on that one Jeff clip 😢
My names Jeff 😂 ps I find it sad that you need to keep the dps children watching by saying it's coming up 3 time.
This game needs role queue so bad. I want to play my characters but cant because literally noone wants to play support and we cant survive without one. Im always the ome giving in. And if i stay stubborn like eberyone else well go the entire game woth no support. I feel like alot of these players are new to the game and didn't play overwatch so there not aware of the team work that's necessary in role queue. Since there's 6 on a team instead of 5 like overwatch, There has to be 1 tank 3 dps and 2 support characters at all times. Without this lineup you most likely will always lose.
tbf Moon Kmight mobility is by far his biggest weakness. Compare to other escape abilities, his grappling hook is slow to activate, has no momentum and slow to end. It's more an ability for getting to high position then for quick escape. Also I don't understand why his double jump need to be on 6 seconds cooldown, while we have Hulk Spiderman and Iron Fist. Why do we need to make doublejump and glider an abilites to begin with? While other heroes jumps and slow falling is just passives
I understand why you chose luna snow but you even said it yourself cloak and dagger are top tier but not everyone can master there abilities and know when to switch back and forth. Just using them the right way. I get luna is easier for people to master but you shouldve put cloak and dagger there. This is an op top tier list. Not a "most top tier characters that are easily playable" just my opinion. C&D are way more effective in the right hands
Starlord's ult is RIDICULOUS! He just melts everyone, lol  His boosters need a buff, which is to go backward with it. For some reason, it's locked on a forward state. Unless this can be changed in the settings???  Also, they need to give him 60 in the mag. It can feel a bit under whelming going against these huge dmg dealers.
Idk why but u sound mad familiar
Can we not ruin a game that is actually fun again with complaining about broken things? This is a fun game. Go complain about a competitive game.
With luna snow I healed my entire team that were mainly dps and tank its extremely easy
You don’t need to jump off the map with Jeff. You can swim to the ledge of the map, aim below you and spit them out. This will kill every enemy 9.5 out of 10 times while staying alive
Tip for jeff ults: even if they have movement abilities that could save them, if you have the time, instead of jumping off with them, look straight down as you spit them out. 90% of the time even Iron man, spider man, ect. wont be able to react fast enough as theyre almost immediately shot into the killzone.
As a Jeff mian, I hope that they nerf Jeffs right click specifically.
Gaming merchant that you?
My first game i picked Jeff because he was sooooo cute 🥺🥺
Hi merch! Its great to see the page blowing up :)
Totally agree on Jeff being broken. He makes all other strategist almost useless.
1:49 "Don't spit your enemies out right away" proceeds to throw friendly Mantis off the map
They're Vanguards
Jeff stronger than hulk is crazy
Bro I used to watch your apex videos back in the days xD, thought I heard you somewhere before, Hope you having blast in this game dude!
I got to say that a character who is really strong but rarely looked at is Loki in high mmr, I've been maining him up to the leaderboard and while other groups are running the meta comps. I use him and will generally just out pressure their team most of the time. Lokis clones have so much versatility. I've used them to bait a lunging logan, stop so many ults with his totem heal and just in general be a survival god popping between clones. His damage with 3 clones up is some of the highest burst on strategist and his burst heal is as well. The main counter is moon knight but as long as you position your clones in a triangle formation around enemies he cant use them too often. But his main strength is that he has the best adaptability out of the supports. He can use his ult to get exactly what he needs in every situation and using a clone into shift to heal like a baptise lamp/burst is just one of the best heals for when your team is under heavy pressure. I've had so many pcylockes and starlords mad at me due their ults doing nothing when i line up all my clones on my team and pop it.
IF YOUR NOT ADDING EITHER: HAWK-EYE, HELA, OR IRON-FIST TO THE TOP 5, THEN IDK.
I feel that hulk is pretty op too. The fact that you can refresh your hp and practically double it on your ult, and locking down any opponent is strong
Glad to have you switch from apex merchant
This game a year from now going to be nuts. The amount of different heroes and villains they could add is endless. Waiting for juggernaut the most
Dulist please change to healer you are going  2/7 every game not doing damage
venom is still trash
Dude I missed that you have a Marvel Rivals channel, that was such a pleasant surprise.! Stoked for some more Merchant videos on Rivals!  Thank you sir!
Groot is so underrated. You can create your own cover, isolate individual enemies and easily create a stagger. His ult also works incredibly well with any AOE ability.
Wanda needs to be here... went 45 and 10 in a ranked match
I mean. Everyone knows Jeff the Land Shark is the best support.
Played as mantis and loki, faced every character, i think that everyone is practically busted in their own ways ofc some more than others but none too much too handle it feels fun and not sweaty even if both teams are trying to win
another thing that winter soldier has its that every ability that uses gives him shild bar, so basically you have more chances of winning fights and also can buy time if you are about to die.
So if nobody else is gonna Say it 😭😭 Scarlet Witch is Goated! I get MVP with her almost every single match and I went 55 & 12 with her in competitive. Very easy to use and she Cooks
bro left out scarlett witch
Bro saw the end of apex and switched games😭 A true professional
Venom + jeff the GOAT + spiderman is the AURA MASTER TRIO 🍷🗿
Scarlet Witch and Iron Fist are also amazing too.
Honestly I played a bit and personally I think. Loki and Jeff are op supports iron fist and scarlet witch for damage and groot and either hulk or venom for the tanks
Don't reveal the secrets we moon knights keep !
We need an antiheal
Jeff needs a buff 😈 make his ult the entire map
I think loki deserves a place on here as well, maybe its my personal play style but I feel that the mixture of his abilites, his ult, and his ability to damage and heal at the same time just makes him so good
DONT jump off the map with the enemy in your mouth as Jeff, run right to the edge aim as far down as you can, and spit them, even flying units will be launched down far enough to die before they’re able to get back up.  I’ve spammed shift as rocket and wasn’t able to dash up when this was used against me, and I’ve used it myself to kill iron mans, storms, dr strange and the lot. Suiciding isn’t necessary
The duelist preference is a Real issue in this game - _-
I love star lord his dodges and flight make him so slippery and the damage is consistent and nice.
Moon Knight's definitely strong, but I expect him to fall off hard as people get better at the game. Respecting the ankh limits his damage potential by quite a bit, and his movement is good but not quite good enough to deal with stronger flankers. He very much feels like a noob stomper character to me, but probably one that's going to struggle a lot at higher levels.
I think healing kinda needs a tone down
i genuinely believe doctor strange is absolutely busted and nobody has used his full potential yet. just recently i learned to block off the payload path with 2 mirror portals which also completely disorients the enemy team
THE MERCHANTS BACK BABY
Jeff's ultimate is beyond ridiculous. On domination? just eat them and get a team wipe. On a payload or capture map? Just eat them when its overtime and they cannot contest anymore. And it is so easy to hit because the hitbox is larger than the circle shows
And also just like overwatch where tracer has an insanely high skill ceiling, a good Star Lord can wipe the floor with everyone
Squirrel girl is an honorable mention. Her nutshit so hard and they allow a single bounce that is nasty for holding the slower back line characters from getting to their faster moving teammates. The nuts also have a pretty big hit box themselves, and her big acorn ability is like a Maggie ball from Apex!. Just throw it in front of someone who gets in your face and their Insta stunned.
Only things I really want to see changed are Jeff and Psylocke's ultimates. Both are basically impossible to avoid and nearly always guarantee kills. I'm pretty sure Jeff's is straight-up bugged because I've been grabbed out of mid-air while outside the circle.
Pinne Parker is a very good one in my opinion when I did my first match with her I went 35 kill streak and didn't die once her web is great for sniping people trying to fly/run away and u can use the web to heal I bit till ur team comes back to help out
Groot and jeff combo is super good while you are out in the front line jeff focus heals you while hes on your back tou can block and be aggressive to enemies i got over 50k block damage with groot because jeff was on my back healing while i played aggressive as a tank giving my teammates almost perfect backup does great damage and the tow alts go great together i wish venom was a bit stronger as hes my favorite hes just not the right damage i would like for him anyway groot and jeff give the combo a try
The fact that the comments are filled with people disagreeing and listing other characters as OP shows that the game is pretty balanced
game hasnt been out for a week... and content creator's already ruining the fun by making tiers......
Jeff's ult grabs quite a big anount outside of the indicator circle.  He also grabs moon knight out of the air after a double jump. That shouldnt be a thing.
What I love about this game is that everyone has their own playing style so what characters you think are good could be considered horrible from another player because it’s all about how you play, like I don’t agree that moonknight is OP and I think Squirrel girl is OP and someone else could think Squirrel girl is Trash. This game encourages any play style.
Cloak and Dagger I think is the most under appreciated characters in the game honestly
nerf the jeff for gs
I can't even play Marvel Rivals because of the Directx12 bug/glitch
Go back to apex no one wants your over tuned bs.
I was outgrappling the enemy spiderman with my winter soldier arm lmao haha
Bruh the all characters r s tier plus. Think about it... one Iron fist can melt everyone on this line up....  n I don't even like iron fist lol. It's just a skill game. Tbh it's balanced right now.
I hope we don't get role que. The game is vastly more interesting without strong arming ppl into certain comps
Wolverine is great when your rage is full
I hate it when Jeff the shark just brings me off the map and not letting go and dieing with me so annoying... but I get it kill is a kill
Scarlet witch is op I literally get 30+ kills every game by just holding left click
@MarvelRivalsMerchant in the right hands, Hela is a MONSTER, and borderline server admin. Pressure chokes and high traffic areas with your secondary fire, sending them on the ground at your enemy's feet, and throwing your stun orb on top of your swords. If done properly enemies will be dragged on top of the location where you shot your secondary fire, and you'll deal IMMENSE amounts of damage when they explode. Shoot your primary fire at mid-long range, where strafing will do most of the work for you. You want to aim for the neck, as odds are you'll hit headshots if you have high ground, but you can still hit consistent body shots to deal damage if need be.  One more note about Hela, is while your targets are enemy Duelists and Strategists, try to shoot the enemy Vanguards as much as you can. Your Ultimate is INSANELY POWERFUL and can change a loosing fight into a 110% win. Use it after enemies use Strategist ults, End of rounds, and as a second life (since you gain 1000 HP during your ultimate) to maximize uptime and damage.
my best games ever have been with Cloak & Dagger and Luna! Healers are super fun in this game.
Magik needs 50 more hp
So cool that when I quit apex and find this game, my favourite apex YouTuber is already making content on it.
Gaming merchant. Hi, lol.
scarlet witch is also extremely meta for rank grinding
Bro didn’t even say why winter Soldier is good. You’re allowed to just stay in the back line with him because of his range and hook, and your supports can’t die because he can deal with absolutely anything that dives them
Me and my friend picked Jeff and groot and if you do it correctly you can legit run the whole lobby it was probably one of the funnest games I’ve played on rivals so far lol
You can aim down to spit out enemies with Jeff
Is this the gaming merchant from apex legends
The Apex dude is here too I knew it from, your voice 😂
Bruh wtf? 😂 this the apex dude??
Namor is a SNIPER! Super slept on I never see anyone play as him.. he can summon two octo drones that rack up good long range damage when you keep them alive and the cool down is quick!
My Jeff teammates keep throwing me off cliffs
Nobody knows how good loki is man. Solo all duelist, invulnerability, very quick healing, a teleport, invisibility, AND can turn into anyone
I wished this game ran well on the Steamdeck this Game is unoptimized
No Peni Parker ?  I've been getting 20-30 kill games with her , she's insane when you use her right.
thank you Merchant, you once again open my mind to new opportunities within the games i enjoy playing. First Apex, and now Rivals. Much appreciated.  EDIT: seeing the comments also makes me realize that even though this video goes over only 5 "OP S+ Tier" Heroes, the rest of the roster still have so much potential and value to offer that it's mind-boggling.
Its crazy how you dont even mention iron fist
saying jeff is the best hero just a instant click off for me
Jeff is a fucking MENACE! 😆
Peni turns the damn game into one huge minefield lmao. And she can web people up so you can focus them. The amount of Ironman’s I’ve webbed up like a bug is insane 😭
They need to nerf the cast time on jeffs ult its basically instant
Dagger and cloak is so underrated they are far better then Luna snow I average 12k healing with dagger she has homing bullets and a ability to be invulnerable from everything for secs
funny how they did most of the comics jobbers justice by being op as fuck
Black panther slight buff maybe?
Jeff and groot is a crazy combo ngl
i find that black widow is also massively slept on
I will act like i didnt see you throw those teamates of the map at 1:50...
I am not surprised AT ALL to see Moon Knight as your most powerful duelist.
As a Moon Knight main, I love flanking to the back, throw down some Ankhs, and drop my ult
Cloak and dagger is very good when there are annoying flyer around
Black panther
I like this game since it’s very balanced (expect for like Iron Fist he’s broken) at least for beginners, but I feel like once the game gets more competitive a lot of characters will fall off if they don’t get changed, like Jeff, Iron Man, etc which sucks because I love playing as Iron Man
I think hulk feels REALLY strong if you play him as harassment. The jump is basically an off cooldown escape ability that lets you dive in and out fast. Plus shield, stun, and healing transformations the sustain is nuts.   I also love respawning as banner, baiting thirsters in before transforming since it starts at full charge
Winter Soldier is a lot of fun.
I started watching this video and knew I recognized the voice and unlocked a core memory. Miss you gaming merchant
The fact Spider-Man is literally one of the most op characters in the marvel universe and he’s not good in this game is crazy
Not really surprised by anyone here, winter soldier is definitely not something new players look at but I’ve seen what he can do, mantis is the honorable mention support because she is similar to Luna in a few ways but with more emphasis on damage to the point where she is basically an extra duelist with heals
This game can be really fun until you go against people you know don’t mix it up and just abuse all the super op shit in the game
Gaming merchant 😮
I’m surprised scarlet which wasn’t mentioned. Decent damage , you don’t even need aim, strong ult, and she can get out of situations really easy.
I played Adam Warlock yesterday and MY GOD he is good to play!
All of my friends refuse to play Luna Snow “Cause she is aim reliable”  So I don’t think Luna will be used a lot by beginners
I really like groot if my team plays right I don’t die as him and can just constantly damage the other team
I get that games need balancing, but can we avoid calling everything overpowered. Developers only listen to the streaming community for some reason, and when something is "overpowered" on youtube, it usually gets nerfed into the ground where the game is no longer fun. I know somebody knows what I'm talking about.
No hawkeye? I feel like he is the strongest.
Way too early to call who is OP. Sure hope they aren’t going to ruin the fun and nerf stuff already.
Find it odd that you think Winter Solider isn't popular I feel like I see him in every game. Perhaps it's a regional difference but I think people love his ult. But I agree that he is very strong.
People are sleeping on Groot. No where near overpowered, but his control over terrain, his heavy damage, his pairing of Jeff healing him or rocket dealing extra damage on his back all comes together to form a defensive unit.
Ngl,idc about tiers
Storm to me needs a buff this 200 health stuff not working and getting kills almost impossible
So nobody is going to talk about Adam Warlock? Aiight.
Venom is a keyboard and mouse character and heavily relies on people healing you to work good. Venom is good with proper healing a pushing but solo you get farmed and ganged.
2 Random Jeffs cost us the game today with unfavorable SDs.
Mantis is by far one of the best characters in the game, and it's insane.
Always loved your content man. I left apex about a year ago cuz my friends stopped. But now they all want to play rivals and im real glad to see you here too. Cheers!
I agree about Jeff being the most OP. All I need to do is time my attacks and my heals better cause when I got to heal I'm always reloading cause of my attack and I miss out healing my team lol
Every character is broken. I don't think it's possible to to say their are any top tiers yet
This guy forgot srcarlet witch
NOTHING IS GETTING NERFED 🤡
Ive been playing hela and OMG is she amazing. I love her kit so much
My favorite apex YouTuber is now doing marvel rivals too let’s go
I am amazed to not see penny on this list. Very map and mode dependent but on any mission where you need to defend a point such as defense escort or defense hybrid she is literally broken.  Her mines and webs give such a big advantage I regularly am able to get more kills than the dps. She is a lot more balanced in other modes though.
Hear me out, I don’t think venom is as good anymore, he feels much easier to kill and punish then others, imo there’s better vanguards to be playing (he’s good for people who have no experience on any type of hero shooter before)
one tips with Jeff. if you eat enemy and run into your spawn room, they will die immediately.   this is great at certain payload map where there's no pitfall
I've seen Jeff the shark as an MVP on my team
This game has some of the funniest support heroes I've ever played.
Aside from attack side on payload, Peni is incredibly underrated in everything else. How is she not top 5? She can stop dives, she can control areas, she can web zip, crawl, and her ult is very fking strong. Peni does literally everything. Constant MVP, high dmg, and more kills than DPS with her.
Rocket raccoon 🗣️🗣️🔥🔥
Star lord and cloak and dagger I think might be up there
Venom is very good especially against people who don’t know how to deal with him. I still think Thor and Dr strange have more carry potential as a tank though
Both my underrated duelist mains on the same vid rip lmao
If there's any character that should be op it's Jeff so I'm glad
need psylocke buffs
The fact that there are so many more characters that could be added to this list is why I love this game so far. The fact that most every character has something that makes them stand out is a really cool concept for balancing
peni parker is insanely underrated, her area/crowd control is on another level
I love every video you watch thinks different people are OP
Why tf no one includes hawkeye he is a high skill high reward gameplay make a video on him please ❤❤❤❤ he is the best duelist in good hands
Black Widow is in dire needs of buffs
Iron man supremacy
People sleep on cloak and dagger also the sheer size of the healing like thing she puts out can easily heal your whole squad mixed with the healing bubble is strong
Most of the characters feel op in a really good way hulks like Mid but played with magneto/strange and a brawley team he feels amazing.
k im not the only one who gets chomper vibes from jeff the shark right?
I want to give strange an honorable mention he is really good when played correctly and with a 800 hp shield that is massive he can take space better then most tanks and is a good tank with venom since he can protect his team while venom is being a problem
I think people are sleeping on Peni.  Primary fire has no falloff and requires no reload. Right click is stun projectile with only 3s cooldown. Mines and spider nest are great for territory control, making it dangerous for enemies to even approach. Laying down webs gives you a way to heal yourself. Web zip and wall run make her surprisingly mobile despite her slow movement speed. And her ult just lets her LEEROY JENKINS into the enemies and cause a bunch of chaos.  I've played 7 matches with her so far, got MVP in all 6 matches we won, and SVP in the only one we lost. And I'm not even that good.
i was like oh i know the gaming merchant from apex legends lets see if this guy is as useful and good, only to find out it’s you too🤣
Jeff main here the only problem with his kit is teammates not paying attention to the damned bubbles if you miss 😑🤦🏾‍♂️
As a huge namor player having luna snow in a match makes him OP. I always request a luna any time i play as namor. If she isnt in the line up i honestly dont play him
Hawkeye not on here is CRIMINAL
Cloak and Dagger my favorite. I dont think they will fall off at higher ranks like Jeff probably will
They need to buff my girl Magik, why does she only have 250 hp for a MELEE hero?
Jeff's healing range is ridiculous and I'm sure they'll nerf his Left button soon
Mantis is my game-winner at the moment, change my mind.
2nd tank?
I love how every hero in Rivals is "broken".  LoL.  Seriously, go to any stream on Twitch and you'll get nothing but completley opposite opinions on the same hero.  Why?  Because there's enough variance and nuance in each hero that the top strategies for "how they should be played" haven't been worked out yet--and, even if they had, there's always someone with a different strategy that no one else has thought of--not to mention map and complementary hero synergies and team compositions.  The fundamental error a lot of people are making is that Rivals is the same game as Overwatch: it isn't.  For example:  Depending on who you talk to, Punisher is either "god tier" or "trash tier" or "mid tier"--lol, seriously--but it all depends on the map and who's playing him, and whether he has a the "right" tank and support in his team.  According to a lot of newer players, Iron Fist is "trash tier", but if you play him in a particular way, utilizing his verticality, he absolutely dominates as a back-line pounce predator.  The same can be said for almost every hero:  That's the cool thing about Rivals.  There's none of this nerfed-into-the-ground-because-of-meta-reasons B.S. you have with Overwatch, so heroes can be played in all kinds of interesting ways that are not hamstrung by the "no fun police".    All the heroes in Rivals have less dependency on role-specific meta strategy because they're all designed to be a little bit more self-sustaining than the heroes in Overwatch, which means there's interesting overlap across heroes, making any pigeon-holing virtually impossible.  The result is that everyone's opinion is all over the place.  Of course, Overwatch refugees have gotta "meta" anyway, cuz it's all they know ... but when the game has only been out for a few days, it all just seems so silly.
I think psylock is underrated, her ult instantly wins every fight and she has good damage and a get out of jail free card
Moon knight is NOT in top 5 any dive character takes care of him in an instant he gets out damaged by most characters unless the players got good aim his melee ability comes up once in a full moon because by the time he get to the third hit he’s dead to Spider-Man, iron fist, panther, psylocke, wolverine, and magik. He’s meant to try and displace people from the main team so the dives can pick them off he’s good but he’s not broken I understand that the game just came out and everyone is strong but there are much better characters than him by a long shot. He can do insane burst damage but he’s more of a utility duelist than a fragger. When he gets isolated you start to realize the difference between a good moon knight and a bad moon knight he can have a good chance of winning with an ankh next to him but he’s has to hit you if he wants a chance because the ricochet damage can only do so much. Also the fact that people still don’t know that you can destroy the ankhs is crazy to me.
I need em to buff spiderman right now
SPIDAMAN
Games pretty balanced except healers need a very slight nerf for damage and healing
Jeff is really easy to play and SSS+ support
The one thing I absolutely cannot stand is Jeffs ult. The carry on that move is way too long. Snows ult lasts a little long too and Venom is very effective for his ease of use
Moon Knight's kit is also so OP for flanking and easy high ground. What I've been doing is taking a sneaky route behind the enemy lines and throwing the ankh right behind the squishes, so when I start hitting them they instinctively walk backward to avoid gunfire. Instead they just run deeper into my ankh lol
Ah so if its not demanding of mechanical skill then its op and needs nerfs, your ass should head back to overwatch at this point. you seem much happier with their game balancing philosophy.
I knew that voice sounded familiar. It's the Gaming Merchant! :D .. Dropped Apex?
You don't understand op until you played Hela  - 2 shot squishies - hitscan - aoe stun - ult makes her invulnerable while dealing damage  The fact shes not even mentioned is blasphemy!
There needs to be some actually counterplay to kamikaze jeff honestly
Main reason Jeff is OP is because hes so easy. Minimal aim requirement and no coold down management
Wait a second, are you telling me that my favorite apex content creator, followed me away from apex to marvel rivals! That is so awesome man I hope the hype around this game blows up your channel even more
During my time playing Overwatch I loved roadhog, so when I was searching for the perfect character to use I choose Winter Soilder. Honestly he's quite powerful in the right hands, his combos are quite nasty aswell!
If you couldchange the angle  on groot's damage wall like you can with his big health wall, he would easily be the best tank. Im getting like 40-50k in stats every game with him.
Cool Man!😊
oh no, not the tier lists.. Time to start dealing with the meta sheep
Not having Hela in here is crazy work
Ok I just tested the moon knight tip shooting at his ankh and just got so many kills 😂 Thanks merch!
I've honestly struggled with Winter Soldier for the most part. Do you have any tips?
Moon knight is op when he uses his unc's
If iron fist isn’t on this list then it’s invalid 💀
Personally I think all Tanks are OP to a degree. Take Dr. Strange for example. He can do a huge amount of damage. To the point of absurdity. Let's say he has a lot of dark magic stored up. He then uses the Eye of Agamoto. He hits all of them with his melee fully charging his dark energy. Does his explosion attack. This could one shot every hero in the game.
I love playing Jeff but I honestly think. Good cloak and dagger outclassed Jeff easily. Jeff is still gets picked off easily by an Iron Fist or other fast melee. Cloak can blind and often kill players attacking the backing. Drop heal bubble as dagger then cloak and dps.
I’m a moonnight main don’t bring that nerf
Idk I keep using Hawkeye and most games I get over 30 plus kills ....
Why is healing so strong??? They practically become invincible for such a long time. Psylocke with her unlimited escape options and Hela and Hawkeye with their one shot autos while Black Widow with less abilities can't even one shot
Jeff, a real one.
amazing choice Moonknight... i have played the game for like 6hrs and he's the one i have used most of the time.. absolute love him.. and it kinda helps specially if your aim is not good like me
Can we stop getting good games? I just got done with elden ring and starting on bg3 💀
"Unc"
Winter Soldier is so bad lol
I actually think cloak and dagger is easier than luna. Atleast once youve got what cloak does down and the butten presses, which doesnt take long. Cloak is pretty in then out again most the time.  Ive not played luno much but i just struggle to stay alive with her, shes just underwhelming to me personally
Psylock should be here. Don’t have the knowledge to explain it but I see her popping off in every game she’s in
I have no idea wtf to do against iron fist. He clings on you with those auto-lock punches and moves so fast you can't hit him. He heals, counters and gains shield. Ridiculous character.
Hela does so much damage, feel like she should def be up here
Damn shark was making me mad when i was playing
Honestly just need a good team. Thats literally my only struggle atm.
What’s great about venom is when I use it I most likely have a spiderman or peni Parker on my team so they get a damage boost and I think reload speed to escape faster, Venom is my main hero for sure
Just wanna learn moon knight so I can justify grinding for the gold ranked skin
"you'll be forced to play a different role", nuh-uh, you can't make me not play spiderman
loki is thee best healer in the game
I love playing Winter Soldier so much but I pretty much never get the chance because EVERYONE wants to play dps. So if I want any chance at winning I need to play Loki or Rocket. This game needs role queue asap
Omg!!! This guy use to do apex!! Im so happy ive found you again!!! I loved watching you I'm 2019!! Yippee
I've been using Namor but I wish they would give him at least 1 more unit to put out on the ground.  I used to use Symmetra before they nerfed her in the first Overwatch.
Nice try. Suggesting we learn other classes so you get to keep duelist all to yourself.. SMH
“Forced to play a different role” lmao. I think tf not.  I have more than 75 games played, probably closer to 100 or more (but at least 75), and I have yet to play Duelist because that’s all a lot of people wanna play.  And where it is the players fault mainly, there’s some fault to Marvel Rivals as well because of the fact that there’s almost as many duelist as there is Vanguard and Strategist combined. They could have easily placed some of the Duelist in the Vanguard or Strategist role. Wolverine, Iron Fist and Winter Soldier coulda been vanguard.  Squirrel Girl coulda went strategist.  Cloak and Dagger could have been 2 separate characters. I’m sure there could be more but that’s all I got off the top my head.  Hopefully they lay off the Duelist for a while until they add about 3 more of both Vanguard and Strategist.
I used to love your apex content when I loved apex, now I love this game and I can’t tell you how happy you’re making content for this game!!!!
scarlet witch is the most overpowered character because anyone and i mean anyone can use her she takes zero skill and can just damage anyone with out trying
The faster the community realizes that bunching up isn't a good idea in the this the better for overall match quality. I've mostly been in matches where my team rolls or gets demolished. Rarely any in between.
Just started using luna snow today and noticed how good she is. Also, loki is also an amazing character that could be top 5. As much as people say "everyone is broken" i disagree. There are definitely characters that are better than others and the game will need some balance patches.
none of these characters need nerfs, nerf scarlet witch breh
Squirrel girl needs some serious buffs. I would change her acorn, toss and turn it into a bomb you can throw on the ground and it can explode into smaller acorns it would still have the root affect if you directly hit someone with it, but I would say replace the bounce effect and make the acorn explode the radius on her slingshot should be a little bit bigger. I also think she should have a built-in double jump and two charges for tail bounces. and with her ultimate if someone gets hit by it, they get rooted for two seconds.
Mantis is a sleeper. She’s downright a carry hero if you have just one or two solid teammates. I drop well over 10k heals and damage without a doubt
hela?
Bro said when he’s playing lunar he puts the guard on the tank and tries healing everyone else with his primary 😂😂😂 what about when spideys on ur team why not put guard on him or someone else like that whilst using primary for tank much better also quick tip for venom I been maining him can’t lie when your ranged primary attack use melee attack aswell free dmg
I have never heard of Jeff the Shark as a marvel character until this game popped up in my feed
Jeff and Rocket - if you're healing with anyone else you're just wasting your time.
Everyone is op ngl
From my experience, Hulk has a higher ceiling than Venom and I’ll die on that hill. Hulk provides more flexibility when needing to help your healers stay alive since he can give armor to nearby teammates. I’ve found it’s also easier to take out enemy healers since you can hit them at range and freeze them to close the distance
Everyone is good except wolverine
Bro came straight from Apex 😂
crazy how fast you hopped off apex legend's dick to ride marvel rivals
Jeff need a nerf
Idc no healer should have the type of Ultimate Jeff has. There is no time to react to it and he's a healer lol Why is he capable of nuking whole teams
This is so wrong lol. Jeff is one of the most easy to kill hero. With Luna I agree. But the 2 most op DPS are black widow and hawkeye without a doubt.
I play venom cuz no carnage and he’s cool not cuz he’s op
I’ve been dominating with The Punisher🤷‍♂️
The devs said they’re avoiding nerfs, focusing mostly on buffs where they’re needed.
Winter soilder is my main and I didn’t even know that you could instantly use his ult again if you got the kill after use
I agree with the moonknight pick tremendously, but I believe iron fist and Loki deserve to be on the list as well
I like cloak and dagger because dagger gives so much healing. Cloak is great to blind and confuse enemies as well as have a get out of jail free card similar to wraith in a sense
The fact that Iron man can basically position himself anywhere without any kind of skill or cooldowns is amazing. Yea its basically Pharah but the movement differences makes it an entirely different play style with so many possibilities.. Especially with the breaking of infrastructure. You can find a hidden corner, shoot out the wall and have the perfect spot to just snipe people down and even at mid to close range he does tons of damage.
Nah I genuinely think Spider-Man needs to be on here. People clown on the guy cause he has low health and he’s difficult to control. But if you learn to control and be quick with him, Spider-Man is a deadly character to play. You move at lightning fast speeds into the battlefield, take out an enemy in a matter of seconds and retreat to regain health. Not even a joke when I say he’s OP, as long as you put in the hours to learn to play with him.
Oh, you want to counter Jeff with movement like venom? Just jump with them in your mouth. On some maps, standing on point is literally a death sentence for the whole team.
Lol tryna force us to watch most of the video lol nar I'm skipping
jeff is honestly bullshit ngl. least fun hero to play against balance-wise (doctor strange is worse in general but only because of the portals)
bro u shouldnt have revealed our secret. now they gonna nerf jeff
I was playing today, and got roasted by my teammates how bad I was. I suck 😔
See I'm trying with Moon Knight and I am getting better. My only real issue is my aim lol. Like I would notice that I would get many hits off on enemies but I never understood why and I would only use the Unk to try to hold enemies in place. But good to know that I can use them to rack up that damage better now. Edit, now after trying what I have learned from this video in game I have now become a problem for the enemy team. I was able to piss off the tanks so much they had Groot and Venom team up on me to stop me.
Venom is noob friendly but Thor is better.
armed and DANGEROUS 🗣🗣
Where's my girl scarlet witch:(
Hawkeye if you have decent aim and definitely if you have good aim
Venom S+??? Dont get me wrong I love and main venom and im playing him since the beta so I gotta say I have a lot of experience on him, but ever since the nerf it ain the same no more he is still good, but by no means op he lost 500 bonus hp on his e, since before it was 600 now its 100 and it feels REALLY bad, if you're in the bit higher ranks and your playing against competent enemies they will just focus you down and shut you down instantly.
Bro dropped the low elo bronze tier S tier tier list fr
thor
I think loki is an amazing choice. He has a lot of utility and has a high survivability if played right. His ability makes people inside immune to damage. Making it really useful against ults (counters physiclock's ult from experience and 80% of any ults) his  clones makes it hard to kill loki unless loki doesn’t have a clone at the back to tp to or doesn’t have any cooldowns. I think he will start being more noticeable once people start getting the hang of it  Edit: Loki isn't supposed to be a main support as most of yall are saying. He can't replace some supports (luna snow, Jeff the landshark, etc) treat him as a off support. Don't forget his potential with his ult is insanely high. To ulting warlock to rez your team if your warlock doesn't have it to copying a different hero to pair ults with your teammates are what make a difference in games. I usually play flanker loki and set up clones to tp back after killing a backline or just dueling with duelist heros (iron fist, spider man, magik, etc) as I said people will understand loki eventually just not now (currently I am in Eternity. Which is about above 100%  in my server (Im in cali). So I am been playing against players who have used their hero's kit to the limits.)
1:45 this play pissed me off
I just get mouth breather duelist teammates xD
hela? she is pretty much 0 skill infinite damage. just look at an enemy and press left click and you win cuz she's hitscan with high dps and has an easy escape tool and positioning ability. her ult forces u to hide cuz she has 7 trillion hp and even shooting it doesn't kill her. and winter solider is not op, he is quite balanced imo.
cant believe iron fister isnt here
I really feel like people are sleeping on cloak and dagger right now, I know many people see how viable they can be but I don't think anyone is REALLY grasping just how crazy their set up is.  Lets go over cloak first, target seeking damage AND healing making it impossible to miss your hyper mobile allies and enemies combined. You have no idea how many times I have either saved or slain an iron man or the like because of this. This on top of her boost healing wall she can push out makes her healing potential immense and that doesn't even include her right click dome heal that can save you from basically anything even star lord ult.   Now Dagger, his damage is absolutely beautiful in ANY 1v1 situation not to mention the blind wall and switching to cloak to heal if needed. This mixed with the invincible right click makes cloak and dagger the ultimate stall support... But there's even more  The ultimate quite literally makes you invincible to anything that won't kill you in one hit (to my knowledge) on top of being an area of effect heal and damage for both your team and enemy and this mixed with everything else in the kit allowed me to save a point more times than I can count and the games barely been out. I have solo survived an entire team just stalling a 99 point because the kit is just so insane and I always end with higher healing and more than enough kills to call myself a duelist.
Winter soldier is so cool, the only con is his healthbar
Peni parker is another, when you get familiar with the kit you can hold objective for a long time (mines op). you're likely to get Jeffed, but she is a good jeff ult conter too if he spits, you can zip to safety.
Peni Parker
We meet again Merchant, haven't seen you since I stopped playing apex, glad to see our paths crossed again. You give great advice and I hope to play with or against you some day🤙
Jeff needs its own category
I think in high ranks Jeff will fall off because of the lack of utility he gives to his team. Also mantis should be on this list She has Anti dive self sustain Healing over time and damage buffs with a OP ass ult
